scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD BLVD. - NIGHT

text: It is shortly after midnight on an icy night.
An old yellow Mustang pulls alongside the curb on a sleazy
section of Hollywood Boulevard. The passenger door opens and
Vivian steps out. She quickly shuts the door and walks away from
the car as if it wasn't there. The Mustang drives off. Vivian
continues strolling down the street, cold white breath floating
from her bright red lips.
Dressed in a tight purple leather mini-skirt, black stockings
and a white imitation fur jacket, Vivian is twenty- two years
old. She has been hooking or over six years. Heavy make-up
gives her pretty face a dangerous and hard look.
She lights up a cigarette and takes a drag. She moves gracefully
on spiked heels across the grime covered sidewalk. She owns this
section of the boulevard. After six years on the street she has
seen it all. She has done everything and will do anything.
Humiliation is for the shy. Fear is for the innocent.
Occasionally a car passes and Vivian's hawk eyes watch it for
any indication of interest.
She passes a vagrant huddled in a pile of ragged blankets and
newspapers in a doorway. She barely sees him; he is simply part
of the scenery.
Across the street a black prostitute strolls by, rubbing he pst
shoulders against the cold. At an all-night fast food stan
several drug dealers are talking and eating.
Yet, except for the occasional sound of police helicopters in
the distance, the street is quiet. It is not bustling with
activity like a TV cop show. It is empty and lonely and cold.
Vivian's ears and cheeks are red from the chill, but her
cigarette keeps her warm inside. A couple more customers and
she'll earn enough for the night.
She glances across the street at _a bright yellow Winchell's
doughnut shop. Half a dozen peop ple sit at the dirty white tables
Gnside. She sees something that annoys her. She changes course.
Vivian hurries across the street toward the Winchell's. She
pushes the glass door open and goes inside.

scene_heading: INT. WINCHELL'S - NIGHT

text: Behind the counter we see two older Vietnamese men making
doughnuts, trying to ignore the unsavory crowd camped in the
shop.

As Vivian enters, a gangly, ugly young Drug Addict moves toward
her. His faltering voice and awkward movements indicate that he
is on the last legs of excessive crack use.

speaker_heading: DRUG ADDICT

dialog: Hi, V-vvivian.

text: Vivian doesn't even glance at him.

speaker_heading: VIVIAN

dialog: Hi.

text: She moves past him toward the back of the shop. Sitting ata
table is Kit, a young, dark-haired prostitute, thin an
unhealthy-looking. She is talking with a black Old Man.

speaker_heading: KIT

dialog: Vivian.

text: Vivian looks at her, annoyed.

speaker_heading: . VIVIAN

dialog: Kit, what are you doing?

speaker_heading: KIT

dialog: Waiting for you. It's fucking cold
out there.

speaker_heading: VIVIAN

dialog: It's not going to be any warmer
tomorrow night.

text: The Old Man waves at Vivian.

speaker_heading: OLD MAN

dialog: Hi, Viv.

speaker_heading: VIVIAN

dialog: (quickly, without looking
at him)
Hi.
(to Kit)
Let's get working. We've only got a
couple hours before the street
clears.

speaker_heading: KIT

dialog: It's too cold. No one's out.

speaker_heading: VIVIAN

dialog: They're out.

text: Kit coughs so loudly and deeply that it's obvious she has
emphysema.

speaker_heading: KIT

dialog: Let's get high.

text: Vivian grabs Kit by the shoulder and drags her toward the door.