scene_heading: EXT.-NORTH AMERICA-1947-DAY

text: The way the world looks to God. The odd puzzle geometry of sea and
land pieced together as if by unseen design. CLOSER. .

speaker_heading: VAN NEUMANN (OVER)

dialog: Mathematicians won the war...

scene_heading: EXT.-NEW JERSEY-1947-DAY

text: Alternating squares of lawn and lot, criss-crossing highways, a
game board of cement and grass. CLOSER STILL...

speaker_heading: VAN NEUMANN (OVER)

dialog: Mathematicians broke the Japanese
codes and built the A-bomb...

scene_heading: EXT.-PRINCETON UNIVERSITY-DAY

text: Rows of heads. PUSH IN on a single FACE looking skyward, as if he
can see us. Uncommoenly handsome. Piercing blue eyes. JOHN NASH.

speaker_heading: VAN NEUMANN (OVER)

dialog: Mathematicians like you...

text: TRACK over the all male students to the head of the common. JOHN
VAN NEUMANN, is delivering the matriculation speech.

speaker_heading: VAN NEUMANN

dialog: But peace’s flame burns all too
briefly. Atomic weapons are within
Stalin’s reach. You are the vanguard
of democracy and freedom. Today, we
bequeath America’s future into your
able hands. Welcome to Princeton.

text: The crowd erupts in APPLAUSE.

scene_heading: EXT. - PRINCETON- PRESIDENT’ S RECEPTION

text: Sunlight dapples the flickering autumn leaves. Students in formal
dress mill. FIND two STUDENTS standing at a bar, sipping martinis.
ZWEIFEL is tall and wiry, like a scarecrow made of skin. SHAPELY is
older, maybe 26, and handsome. Both watch someone in the crowd.

speaker_heading: SHAPELY

dialog: Milnor’s gonna get the brass ring if
it kills him.

speaker_heading: ZWEIFEL

dialog: He’s used to pretty metal.
(taps his teeth)
Silver spoon.

text: REVERSE on the subject of their musings. A student with shaggy hair
and fiercely intelligent eyes is pumping hands. MARTIN MILNOR.

speaker_heading: ZWEIFEL

dialog: It’s not enough he won the Carnegie
scholarship.

speaker_heading: SHAPELY

dialog: Has to have it all for himself.

text: CAMERA DRIFTS to a third figure standing near them at the bar. John
Nash can’t help but overhear their conversation. Zweifel notices.

speaker_heading: ZWEIFEL

dialog: First time the Carnegie prize has
been split. Now Milnor’s all bent.

text: Nash nods, looks again at the young man working the crowd.

speaker_heading: SHAPELY

dialog: He’s set his sights on the new
military think tank at RAND.

speaker_heading: ZWEIFEL

dialog: They only recruit the best brain
from each class.

speaker_heading: SHAPELY

dialog: Milnor’s used to being picked first. -
(extends his hand)
Shapely. Symbol Cryptography.

speaker_heading: ZWEIFEL

dialog: Shapes broke a Jap code. Helped rid
the world of Fascism. Least that’s
what he tells the girls.
(extends his hand)
Zweifel. Atomic physics. And you
are...

text: Just then a third FELLOW runs up. Breathless, clever face that
resembles his name. FOX.

speaker_heading: FOX

dialog: Am I late?

text: Zweifel and Shapely exchange a look. He’s always late.

speaker_heading: at SHAPELY & ZWEIFEL

dialog: Yes.

speaker_heading: FOX

dialog: (to Nash)
Hi. I’m Fox.

text: That's when Milnor emerges from the crowd to join his friends.

speaker_heading: MILNOR

dialog: Ah the burden of genius. So many
supplicants, so little time.

text: Milnor’s eyes light on Nash. The beat of recognition is so slight
it’s almost imperceptible. Then he smiles.

speaker_heading: MILNOR

dialog: I‘1l take a white wine.

speaker_heading: NASH

dialog: Excuse me.

speaker_heading: MILNOR

dialog: A thousand pardons. I simply assumed
you were the waiter.

speaker_heading: FOX

dialog: Play nice, Milnor.

speaker_heading: SHAPELY

dialog: Nice is not Milnor’s strong suit.

speaker_heading: MILNOR

dialog: An honest mistake. What with those
war ration shoes...

text: Nash's outfit does look off the rack compared to Milnor’s couture.

speaker_heading: NASH

dialog: It’s not your first mistake. I read
your brief on Nazi ciphers.

text: With that, Nash offers a slight nod, turns and walks off.

speaker_heading: FOX

dialog: Who was that masked man?

speaker_heading: MILNOR

dialog: Gentlemen meet John Nash. The
mysterious West Virginia genius. The
other winner of the distinguished Carnegie scholarship.

text: Off Milnor. He’s still watching Nash go.

scene_heading: EXT.-PRINCETON-FRESHMAN DORM-SUNSET

text: The sun is low in the sky. Nash heads into the tall dormitory.

scene_heading: INT.-FRESHMAN DORM ROOM-SUNSET

text: Nash ENTERS. Small but well furnished. His clothes are still packed
in trunks. Nash pulls off his tie, goes to the window.
Couples and LAUGHING groups move across the sun-drenched field.
Nash rests his forehead against the glass. Alone.
The door swings open behind him. Unruly hair and a tuxedo that
looks slept in whirl into the room. Meet CHARLES HERMAN.

speaker_heading: CHARLES

dialog: The prodigal roommate arrives.

text: Charles begins stripping as he speaks. Nash stares in wonder as off
come his jacket and bow-tie.

speaker_heading: NASE

dialog: Roommate?

speaker_heading: CHARLES

dialog: Did you know that a hangover is not
having enough water in your body to
run your krebs cycle?

text: Charles pulls off his pants, and hopping, both shoes.

speaker_heading: CHARLES

dialog: Which is exactly what happens when
you die of thirst.

text: Now finally his shirt, which he throws on the couch.

speaker_heading: CHARLES

dialog: So dying of thirst would feel like
the hangover that finally kills you.
He grabs a towel and heads for the door.

speaker_heading: CHARLES

dialog: Nash, right? Happy to meet you.

text: NASH-CLOSE. Speechless.
A TOUCH FOOTBALL GAME-CLOSE. A HAND moves into FRAME, outlining the
players with wax boxes and vectors. WIDER...

scene_heading: INT.-NASH’S DORM ROOM-NIGHT

text: Nash has moved his desk in front of the picture window, sits now
marking the players positions on the pane.

speaker_heading: CHARLES

dialog:  Officially almost human again.

text: Charles has ENTERED from the hall, hair wet, towel around his neck.

speaker_heading: CHARLES

dialog: Officer, I saw the driver who hit
me. His name was Johnny Walker.

text: Nash continues working as Charles opens the closet, pulls out bags
which he apparently stowed before Nash's arrival. Begins unpacking.

speaker_heading: CHARLES

dialog: I got in last night. Right in time
for English Department cocktails.
The cock was mine. The tail belonged
to a lovely young thing with a
passion for D.H. Lawrence.

text:  Nash nods, still doesn’t look up from his work.

speaker_heading: CHARLES

dialog: Not easily distracted, are you?

speaker_heading: NASH

dialog: I’m here to work.

speaker_heading: CHARLES

dialog: I see.

text: Charlies spots a bowl of wrapped amaretto cookies on Nash's desk.
Nash covers the bowl before Charles can grab one, never once
looking up from his pad.
That's when Charles actually climbs up on Nash’s desk, sitting
right in front of him.

speaker_heading: NASH

dialog: Hey-.

speaker_heading: CHARLES

dialog: Is my roommate a dick?

text: Charles reaches into his pocket and pulls out something. A silver
flask. Waves it in Nash's face.

speaker_heading: CHARLES

dialog: If we can't break the ice, how about
we drown it? .

scene_heading: EXT.-DORM ROOFTOP-SUNSET

text: Charles and Nash stand under the crimson sky on the roof of the
dorm, passing the flask.

speaker_heading: CHARLES

dialog: So how’s it go? You the poor boy who
didn't go to Harvard or Yale...

speaker_heading: NASH

dialog: (brushes his shoulder)
That’s me. Big chip.

speaker_heading: CHARLES

dialog: Or the nerdy kid the other kids only
liked for his brains?

text: Nash just shrugs.

speaker_heading: NASH

dialog:  My first grade teacher wrote, John
has a beautiful mind. I was five.

speaker_heading: CHARLES

dialog: Lots of smart people around here.

speaker_heading: NASH

dialog: But that’s all I am. Smart. I’m not
warm. I don’t do people well.

text: A couple of guys race, LAUGHING, past, tossing a moonrise football.

speaker_heading: NASH

dialog: Half these guys already published. I
can’t waste time with books or
classes. I have to come up with a
truly original idea. It’s the only
way I'll distinguish myself. It’s
the only way I‘ll...

speaker_heading: CHARLES

dialog: Matter.

text: Nash glances over to Charles, startled, then just nods.
Nash reaches into his pocket, pulls out two wrapped amaretto
cookies. Hands one to Charles.

speaker_heading: CHARLES

dialog: The cookies help.

text: Finally, Nash smiles back.

scene_heading: INT. -CLASSROOM-DAY

text: A MAN towers before the class. Wire-rimmed glasses. The oldest eyes
in the world. PROFESSOR LEW HORNER.

speaker_heading: HORNER

dialog: The Russians stated goal is
worldwide communism...

text: Horner moves to the blackboard. Covered with arcane symbols, the
hieroglyphics of high level math.

speaker_heading: HORNER

dialog: It is on us to stop them. What we
are looking for here is math with
practical application. Morse’s dot
and dash. Einstein’s torn atom.
Numbers that can change the world.

text: A group of students stare up at him. Zweifel, Milnor, Shapely, Fox
and several others. Only one chair is empty.

speaker_heading: HORNER

dialog: Results, gentleman. Publishable.
Applicable. Results...

text: TAPS the board.

speaker_heading: HORNER

dailog: This is an actual Russian Air Force
code. Can you break it? Mr. Shapely
you're disqualified.

text: Shapley nods slightly, leans back, lights a cigarette. Horner
scrawls a final set of symbols on the board.

speaker_heading: HORNER

dialog: All right complete the sequence! Go!

speaker_heading: MILNOR

dialog: Seven.

speaker_heading: EORNER

dialog: {scrawls more symbols)
Good. Again. Hurry, their MIG 15's
are heading our way.

speaker_heading: ZWEIFEL °

dialog: Seventeen.

speaker_heading: HORNER

dialog: {scrawls more)
Again. They're closing in on the
Capitol.

speaker_heading: MILNOR

dialog: Six-

speaker_heading: HORNER

dialog: (scrawls more)
Again. You can hear the roar of
their Tupolevs-

speaker_heading: MILNOR

dialog: Seven-

speaker_heading: HORNER

dialog: (scrawls more)
The warheads are armed-

speaker_heading: MILNOR

dialog: Seven, seven, one.

text: Horner sets down the chalk. Wipes the chalk dust from his hands
with a series of CLAPS.

speaker_heading: HORNER

dialog: Washington owes you a debt of
gratitude Mr. Milnor. Good work.

text: Horner looks around the room.

speaker_heading: HORNER

dialog: From now on, this is how you will
think of numbers. Not as theory. Not
as abstraction. As weapons.

text: Horner sits back on the desk.

speaker_heading: HORNER

dialog: My name is Lew Horner and I will be
your teacher. Welcome to Mathematics
in Thought and Action.

text: He glances at the empty chair. Then at his roster.

speaker_heading: HORNER

dialog: Where the hell is...Nash?

text: Milnor looks out the window. FOLLOW Milnor’s gaze into...

scene_heading: EXT.-PRINCETON COURTYARD-DAY

speaker_heading: MILNOR (OVER)

dialog: He’s looking for his original idea.

text: Nash is on his bicycle riding around the courtyard in figure
eights, eyes half-closed, students scattering as he goes.

scene_heading: EXT.-PRINCETON GAMES QUAD-DAY

text: Stone gaming tables built into the wide cement courtyard. The last
brown leaves whip like dervishes across the expanse.
Van Neumann stands with Milnor, Zweifel, Shapely and a few others
over a GO board set with marbles.

speaker_heading: VAN NEUMANN

dialog: We study games to study strategic
behavior in conflict...

text: Fox pushes into the group.

speaker_heading: VAN NEUMANN

dialog: Thank you for stopping by Mr. Fox.
Put simply, the study of games is
the study of war...

text: (OVER) a WHISTLING rises, crystal clear. BEETHOVEN’S MOONLIGHT
SONATA. All turn to reveal Nash, walking backwards past them.

speaker_heading: VAN NEUMANN

dialog: speaker_heading: VAN NEUMANN

text: Nash looks ‘up, apparently startled by their presence.

speaker_heading: NASH

dialog: Classes dull the mind and destroy
authentic creativity. No offense.

speaker_heading: VAN NEUMANN

dialog: None taken.

speaker_heading: MILNOR

dialog: John’s going to stun us all with his
original idea.

speaker_heading: ZWEIFEL

dialog: (mouthing)
Psy-cho.

speaker_heading: MILNOR

dialog:  Which is another way of saying he
doesn’t have the nerve to compete.
Milnor RAPS the game table with his knuckles.

speaker_heading: MILNOR

dialog: Scared?

text: A beat. Then Nash smiles.


