scene_heading: EXT. CHATEAU LA SIROQUE - LATE AFTERNOON i

text: A rustic Provencal farmhouse, surrounded by rows of well-kept
vines. Up above, the sky is a sparkling jewelbox of stars,
Down below, all ig quiet, except for the chirrup of the
cigales...

scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE - GARDEN - SAME 2 :

text: A gorgeous trellis of jasmine and honeysuckle is lit by a :
pair of flickering candles. Beneath it, MAX SKINNER, age 12, !
sits alone, puffing a cigar while staring at a cheas board, ;
pondering his next move. An old vadio broadcasts in
French...

speaker_heading: FRENCH DJ

dialog: La prochaine chanson est exécutée
ce soir par Josphine Baker...

speaker_heading: MAX

dialog: (practicing French)
La pro-shane.,.shan-sone...est ex-6-
cu-tée...

text: Josephine Baker’s “Breezin’ Along With the Breeze" comes
on...as Max’s eyes drift across the garden--

scene_heading:  MAX’S POV - ENTRANCE TO THE WINE CELLAR

text: A shaft of light spills out from the cellar. Downstairs, we
can HEAR wine bottles being moved and RATTLED.
BACK TO SCENE

Max taps his ash. His eyes anxiously dart between the
chessboard and the cellar entrance. Pinally, with the ease
of an experienced con artist, Max slides his bishop one
Square forward,,,just as he hears footsteps climbing the
stairs. Max quickly crosses his arms, resuming his pose of
deep contemplation.
THE WINE CELLAR
Emerging from the cellar ig Max’s UNCLE HENRY, early-50's,
Uncle Henry is a sermonizing eccentric, with warm, knowing
eyes, and the countenance of a man who hasn’t worked very
hard for a very long time. He wears a pair of pajamas -~
shirt-top opened, revealing a round Buddha belly. He puffs
on a cigar, as he crosses the lawn, swinging a bottle of
red...

speaker_heading: UNCLE HENRY

dialog: Max my boy -- seeing that it’s your
last night here, I thought it only
appropriate that we open something
extra special...

text: He presents the wine with the flourish of a waiter,

speaker_heading: UNCLE HENRY

dialog: Tempier Bandol. 1969. The kind of
wine that’1l pickle even the
toughest of men... I once saw a
Castilian prizefighter collapse
into a heap after drinking just a
single glass. Of course, my knee
landing squarely on his testicles
may have been partly to biame.

text: He begins opening the bottle.

speaker_heading: UNCLE HENRY

dialog: What was I talking about before?

speaker_heading: . MAX

dialog: Blue suits.

speaker_heading: UNCLE HENRY

dialog: Blue suits?

speaker_heading: MAX

dialog: You said the importance of a good
blue suit can never be overstated

speaker_heading: UNCLE HENRY

dialog: Quite right. A blue suit is the
most versatile of accoutrements...
But even more important than the
suit itself is the tailor who fits
it for you. Take note, Max: once
you find a good tailor, you're not
to give his name away -- not even
under the threat of bodily harm.

text: Uncle Henry pours a glass for himself. One for Max. Then
spills a little water into Max‘’s glass, just to soften it a
bit. He takes a seat.
