other: FADE IN:

text: On motes like meteors; dancing, streaking particles of light
that rise up against the endless night as we tilt down
revealing--
The flickering flame of a campfire, wavering in the wind.

scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - NIGHT - YEAR 2346

text: Broken-knuckled, scab covered hands reach for the warmth of
the fire.

speaker_heading: ZACHRY

dialog: Lornsome night. Babbits bawlin’,
wind bitin’ t’bone.

text: Zachry (50's) looks old, more weathered than aged, wearing a
mix of furs and strange futuristic armor.

speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT’D)

dialog: Wind like this carries voices,
ancestry howlin’ at’cha, screaming
their stories, all their voices
tied up in’t’one.

text: On his face is a terrible scar, a brand burned into his
cheek.

speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT’D)

dialog: And out there’s you know who, spyin
from the dark... Old Georgie and me
crossed paths more times’n I’m
comfy mem’ryn. After I’m died no
tellin’ what that fangy devil won’t
try to do to me...

text: The fire glints in his eye.

speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT’D)

dialog: Listen close and lemme yarn you
‘bout the first time we met eye to
eye...

scene_heading: EXT. CHATHAM ISLANDS BEACH - DAY - YEAR 1846

text: MOVING POV ON a trail of footsteps in the sand... being
followed by ADAM EWING (35), a lawyer from the city of San
Francisco who appears out of place on the shore of this
Pacific island.

speaker_heading: EWING (V.0O.)

dialog: Thus it was that I made the
acquaintance of Doctor Henry Goose,
surgeon of London nobility.

text: The path leads to DR. HENRY GOOSE (mid-40’s), his trousers
rolled up, sporting an unkempt beard as he shovels and sifts
through the sand.

speaker_heading: EWING (CONT’D)

dialog: Doctor Goose?

text: Goose looks at Ewing, eye to eye.

speaker_heading: GOOSE

dialog: And who might you be?

speaker_heading: EWING

dialog: Ewing, Adam Ewing, Sir. Traveling
with the “Prophetess”. They told me
I could find you out here. Have you
lost something?

speaker_heading: GOOSE

dialog: (a beat, then smiles)
Teeth, sir are the enameled grails
of the quest at hand. This beach
was once a cannibal’s banqueting
hall, where the strong gorged on
the weak, but the teeth, the teeth
sir, they spat out as you or I
would expel a cherry stone. An
artisan of Piccadilly who fashions
denture sets for the nobility pays
handsomely for human gnashers. Do
you know the price a quarter pound
will earn, sir?

speaker_heading: EWING

dialog: I confess, I do not.

speaker_heading: GOOSE

dialog: Nor shall I enlighten you, sir for
‘tis a professional secret.
Ahhhhahahaha!

text: The doctor has dentures himself; the teeth, overly large for
his mouth, give him a comedic and paradoxically carnivorous
appearance.

scene_heading: INT. VOLKSWAGEN BEETLE - DAY - YEAR 1974

text: LUISA REY (mid 30’s), a feminist from the days when it was an
ideal, not a fashion statement, talks into her tape recorder.

speaker_heading: LUISA REY

dialog: Question one: what secret might be
in Sixsmith’s report that would be
worth killing him for? Question
two: if in fact someone did kill
him, is it reasonable to assume
they would kill again to protect
that secret and if so, question
three: what the fuck am I doing
here?