scene_heading: EXT. MIDDLESEX - MORNING (11 A.M.)

text: Montage is choreographed to 'Never Tear Us Apart' by INXS.
Donnie pedals down into the suburban village of Middlesex,
Virginia ...passing by a large rock 'Middlesex' rock-pattern.
Donnie pedals past two neighbourhood women who are
speedwalking with handweights. They smile at him.
A Pontiac Trans-Am speeds by.

scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBOURHOOD STREET - DAY (SATURDAY 1 P.M.)

text: Donnie turns the corner and heads towards the garage.
We pan over to the Darko house... moving through the front
yard where Eddie Darko (forty-four) pulls the cord and his
gas-powered leaf-blower roars to life.
Elizabeth Darko (nineteen) comes out the front door. She
approaches her dad from behind. Eddie turns and aims the
leaf-blower at her face... blasting her with air

scene_heading: EXT. DARKO DRIVEWAY - NEXT

text: Donnie parks his bike and goes inside.

scene_heading: EXT. DARKO BACKYARD / PATIO - NEXT

text: We pull back from Samantha Darko (ten) as she is jumping on
a trampoline and pan over to Rose Darko (forty-two) as she
sits at a table reading a paperback copy of Stephen King's
"IT". She glances over to the kitchen.

scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NEXT

text: Donnie walks into the kitchen. He then goes to the
refrigerator.

scene_heading: INT. FAMILY ROOM - EVENING (5 P.M.)

text: The opening theme of "Who's the Boss?" begins as we see Tony
Danza's blue van and the title card. We reveal Samantha,
sitting on the floor, singing softly to the theme song "Brand
New Life" performed by Larry Weiss
We pan over to Donnie, sitting in the La-Z Boy.

scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - EVENING (6 P.M.)

text: The Darko family has convened for dinner. They eat silently
for several moments.

speaker_heading: ELIZABETH

dialog: I'm voting for Dukakis.

speaker_heading: ROSE

dialog: No, a year of partying is enough.
She'll be going to Harvard this fall.

speaker_heading: ELIZABETH

dialog: I haven't been accepted yet, mother

speaker_heading: ROSE

dialog: (smiles)
If you think Michael Dukakis will
provide for this country prior to
the point when you decide to squeeze
one out, then I think you're
misinformed.

speaker_heading: SAMANTHA

dialog: When can I squeeze one out?

speaker_heading: DONNIE

dialog: (to his sister)
Not until like... eighth grade.

speaker_heading: ROSE

dialog: (to Donnie)
Excuse me?

speaker_heading: ELIZABETH

dialog: Donnie? You're a dick.

speaker_heading: DONNIE

dialog: Whoa, Elizabeth. A little hostile,
there. Maybe you should be the one
in therapy. Then Mom and Dad can
pay someone two hundred dollars an
hour to listen to all of your
thoughts... so we won't have to.

speaker_heading: ELIZABETH

dialog: Maybe you'd like to tell Mom and Dad
why you stopped taking your
medication.

text: An awkward silence.

speaker_heading: ROSE

dialog: (surprised)
You've stopped taking your medication?

speaker_heading: SAMANTHA

dialog: When can I squeeze one out, Mom?

speaker_heading: DONNIE

dialog: (glaring at Elizabeth)
You're such a fuck-ass.

speaker_heading: ROSE

dialog: When did you stop taking your
medication?

speaker_heading: ELIZABETH

dialog: (laughing)
Did you just call me a fuck-ass?

speaker_heading: ROSE

dialog: That's enough.

speaker_heading: ELIZABETH

dialog: (to Donnie)
You can suck a fuck.

speaker_heading: DONNIE

dialog: Oh, please tell me, Elizabeth, how
exactly does one suck a fuck?

speaker_heading: ROSE

dialog: (disgusted)
We will not have this kind of language
at the dinner table.

text: They are all silent for a moment.

speaker_heading: SAMANTHA

dialog: What's a fuck-ass?

text: Despite his brave efforts to hold back laughter, Eddie Darko
lets out a slight guffaw.

scene_heading: INT. ELIZABETH'S ROOM - EVENING (SATURDAY NIGHT, 9 P.M.)

text: Elizabeth talks on the phone, getting ready for her Saturday
night. Rose knocks and then enters.

speaker_heading: ELIZABETH

dialog: (into the phone)
No. I took a year off to be with
you.
(beat)
Of course I care. Don't get angry.
(covering the phone)
What?

speaker_heading: ROSE

dialog: How did you know -

speaker_heading: ELIZABETH

dialog: (cutting her off)
I didn't realise it was such a big
deal.

speaker_heading: ROSE

dialog: It is a big deal.

speaker_heading: ELIZABETH

dialog: I caught him flushing pills down the
toilet. He knows you check the
container.

scene_heading: INT. DONNIE'S ROOM - NEXT

text: Donnie lies on his bed, reading "Collected Short Stories" by
Graham Greene. His room is an organised wreck.
Rose enters and begins to pick things up of the floor

speaker_heading: DONNIE

dialog: Get out of my room.

text: Rose bitterly turns to leave, but stops at the door

speaker_heading: ROSE

dialog: I wish I knew where you went at night.

speaker_heading: ROSE (CONT'D)

dialog: (beat)
Did you toilet paper the Johnson's
house?

speaker_heading: DONNIE

dialog: (still reading)
I stopped rolling houses in the sixth
grade, Mom.
(beat )
Get out of my room.

speaker_heading: ROSE

dialog: You know... it would be nice to look
at you some time... and see my son.
I don't recognise this person today.

speaker_heading: DONNIE

dialog: Then why don't you start taking the
goddamn pills?

text: Donnie leans over and turns off his lamp. Rose turns and
leaves her son alone in the dark, closing the door behind
her.

speaker_heading: DONNIE (CONT'D)

dialog: Bitch.

scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY - NEXT

text: Rose stops in her tracks, hearing this. She then walks into
her bedroom and closes the door.

scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NEXT

text: Rose goes into bed with Eddie, who is reading a hardback
copy of Stephen King's "The Tommyknockers".

speaker_heading: ROSE

dialog: Our son just called me a bitch.

speaker_heading: EDDIE

dialog: (beat)
You're not a bitch.

scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS BATHROOM - NEXT

text: Donnie removes his pills from the medicine cabinet. We see
insert that reads: L. THURMAN M.D.
He looks at the bottle for a moment, and then takes three
pills and swallows them... staring at his reflection in the
mirror.

scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT (12 A.M.)

text: Eddie sits up in bed, unable to sleep.

scene_heading: INT. FAMILY ROOM - NEXT

text: The TV pops on. Eddie drops into the La-Z Boy.
They are replaying a Bush/Dukakis debate. Eddie laughs.

scene_heading: INT. FOYER - NEXT

text: We pull back and pan over to a grandfather clock... as the
hand reaches midnight.

scene_heading: INT. DONNIE'S ROOM - NIGHT (EARLY SUNDAY MORNING, 1 A.M.)

speaker_heading: VOICE

dialog: (whisper )
Wake... up... Donnie.

text: Donnie jerks upright in his bed, awakened from a bad dream.
He looks over at his alarm clock: 12:50 a.m. His expression
is distant... confused.

scene_heading: INT. FOYER - NEXT

text: Donnie walks downstairs.

scene_heading: INT. FAMILY ROOM - NEXT

text: Donnie stares at Eddie, asleep in the La-Z Boy.

scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NEXT

text: Donnie walks into the kitchen, removes the magic marker from
the refrigerator message board.

scene_heading: INT. FOYER - NEXT

text: Donnie walks to the front and exits the house.

scene_heading: EXT. DARKO HOUSE, FRONT YARD - NEXT

text: Donnie walks down the front walk to the street.

scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBOURHOOD STREET - NEXT

text: Donnie walks down the street.

scene_heading: EXT. SEVENTH HOLE - NIGHT (1:30 A.M.)

text: Donnie arrives next to the pin and stares off into the
distance.

speaker_heading: VOICE

dialog: Helluva night for a walk... huh,
Donnie?

text: Donnie stares off into the distance.

speaker_heading: VOICE (CONT'D)

dialog: Tonight is very special, Donnie.

speaker_heading: DONNIE

dialog: What?

speaker_heading: VOICE

dialog: I've been watching you.
(beat)
Do you believe in God, Donnie?

text: Donnie doesn't answer. He holds his stomach, taking deep
breaths.

speaker_heading: VOICE (CONT'D)

dialog: God loves his children, Donnie. God
loves you.

text: There... standing on the seventh hole is a six-foot-tall
figure dressed in a grotesque bunny suit.
Donnie stares at the Bunny nervously as a wave of nausea
overcomes him.

speaker_heading: BUNNY

dialog: My name is Frank.
(beat)
I want you to follow me.

speaker_heading: DONNIE

dialog: Why?

speaker_heading: FRANK

dialog: I'm here to save you.
(beat)
The world is coming to an end, Donnie.

text: Donnie doesn't answer.

speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)

dialog: Look up in the sky, Donnie.

text: He looks up into the black night.

speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)

dialog: 28 days... 6 hours... 42 minutes...
12 seconds. That is when the world
will end.

text: Donnie looks back at Frank. His expression is a vacant expanse
of confusion.

scene_heading: INT. FOYER - NIGHT

text: Elizabeth comes through the front door, leans back against
it, closes her eyes.

scene_heading: INT. FAMILY ROOM - NIGHT

text: Eddie Darko sleeps reclined in the La-Z Boy. The final notes
of the Channel 12 National Anthem fade away to static.
From above... a thunderous crash. Plaster rains from the
ceiling ...Books fly off the bookshelf as the entire wall-
mount collapses to the floor.
Eddie jerks awake.

scene_heading: INT. FOYER - NEXT

text: Elizabeth falls back in horror as plaster rains down from
around the chandelier... debris falling in the dining-room
doorway.

scene_heading: EXT. SEVENTH HOLE - MORNING (SUNDAY MORNING, 10 A.M.)

text: Donnie is curled up, asleep on the green. A golf ball lands
on the green and rolls within inches of his head.
A golf cart filled with four older men arrives. Dr. Fisher
(forty-five) gets out first.

speaker_heading: DR. FISHER

dialog: Donnie Darko?
(beat)
Son? What's going on here?

text: Jim Cunningham (forty), the man riding shotgun, gets out of
the cart and walks over.

speaker_heading: JIM CUNNINGHAM

dialog: Who is it, Don?

speaker_heading: DR. FISHER

dialog: Eddie Darko's kid.

text: Donnie gets up and brushes himself off. On his arm he sees
something written in black magic marker
Numbers.... 28:06:42:12.
Donnie stares at the numbers on his arm, confused.

speaker_heading: DR. FISHER (CONT'D)

dialog: (to Jim, kissing his
ass)
Sorry about this, Jim, just a... a
kid from the neighbourhood.
(MORE )

speaker_heading: DR. FISHER (CONT'D)

dialog: (back to Donnie)
So let's stay off the greens at night
OK?

text: Jim Cunningham stares at Donnie with a friendly grin.

speaker_heading: DONNIE

dialog: Sorry, Dr. Fisher. It won't happen
again.

scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBOURHOOD STREET / DARKO HOUSE - MORNING (11 A.M.)

text: Donnie walks down the street towards his house.
A fire engine. Two police cars. A news van... All parked in
front of his house.
There are dozens of neighbours in the street surrounding a
barricade. Donnie moves through the crowd where a Police
Officer is standing.

speaker_heading: DONNIE

dialog: Hey, I live here!

speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER

dialog: Are you... Donnie Darko?

speaker_heading: DONNIE

dialog: Yeah!

text: The Officer lets him through.
Near the cul-de-sac there is a large caterpillar crane lifting
something from inside the house. There are firemen roaming
around. Two Police Officers are speaking with Eddie and Rose.
Donnie looks over at the house.
A crane lifts a gigantic jet engine over from the house
towards a large flatbed truck. Firemen kick pieces of wood
and shingle from the roof.
He turns and sees his entire family standing there. Eddie is
holding Samantha.

speaker_heading: SAMANTHA

dialog: It fell on your room.

scene_heading: EXT. CUL-DE-SAC - LATER ON

text: Two men in suits approach from a black sedan. A police officer
directs them to Rose. One of the men removes a badge from
his pocket and holds it up for Rose to see.

speaker_heading: MAN

dialog: Mrs. Darko, my name is Bob Garland
and this is David Coleman. We're
with the FAA. If you don't mind
we'd like to speak with you and your
husband privately.

text: Elizabeth looks over at Donnie with a grin.

speaker_heading: ELIZABETH

dialog: (whispering)
They don't know where it came from.

text: Donnie looks over in awe as the mammoth engine is now strapped
to the flatbed truck. A man in a silver firesuit sprays the
engine down with water.

scene_heading: EXT. CUL-DE-SAC - MOMENTS LATER

text: Eddie is signing some documents in front of Garland at a
table that has been set up. Another FAA guy is there.

speaker_heading: FAA MAN

dialog: (pointing to the
document )
And then here as well.

text: Eddie signs off, and Garland takes the documents.

speaker_heading: GARLAND

dialog: We've arranged for you to stay ata
hotel, get some sleep. We'll take
care of things here.

text: Eddie picks Samantha up into his arms. He stands with Rose
and Elizabeth... turning towards Donnie... who seems lost in
a trance.

speaker_heading: EDDIE

dialog: Come on, Donnie... we're going to a
hotel.

scene_heading: INT. HOLIDAY INN, ROOM 614 - SUNDOWN (SUNDAY NIGHT, 5:30
P.M.)

text: Donnie lies in bed, watching television. Elizabeth is spread
out on the other bed. Samantha sits on the edge of Elizabeth's
bed, holding a stuffed unicorn named Ariel

speaker_heading: SAMANTHA

dialog: If it fell from a plane, then what
happened to the plane?

speaker_heading: ELIZABETH

dialog: They don't know, Samantha.

speaker_heading: SAMANTHA

dialog: Is there any way that we can make
money from this? Couldn't we get on
television if we sue the airline?





