scene_heading:                EXT. PUGET SOUND - DAY

text: On an expanse of water, calm and undisturbed. After a moment, 
               it begins to ripple as something rises toward the surface. A 
               girl's face breaks through.

speaker_heading:    FRANCES (V.O.)

dialog:  It wasn't a murder. I think God just 
                         died of old age. And when I realized 
                         He wasn't any more, it didn't shock 
                         me. It seemed natural and right.

text: The girl, FRANCES, is 16, blond, very pretty: she seems like 
               the most persuasive proof imaginable of God's existence. She 
               swims toward the shore with long graceful strokes... then 
               climbs the steps of the old wood jetty on West Point Beach.

speaker_heading:    FRANCES (V.O.)

dialog:  And yet I began to wonder what the 
                         minister meant when he said, 'God, 
                         the Father, sees even the smallest 
                         sparrow fall. He watches over all 
                         his children.' That jumbled it all 
                         up for me.

scene_heading: EXT. PUGET SOUND - LATER

text: The banks of Puget Sound, dotted with elm trees. Frances 
               sits comfortably in the fork of a tree writing in her diary. 
               Towel around her neck, her hair splayed out and drying golden 
               in the sun

speaker_heading:    FRANCES (V.O.)

dialog: But still sometimes I found that God 
                         was useful to remember, especially 
                         when I lost things that were 
                         important. 'Please God, let me find 
                         my red hat with the blue trimmings.'

scene_heading: INT. FARMER HOME - FAMILY ROOM - EVENING

text:  Frances is now reading aloud from her diary, gently swaying 
               back and forth in a rocking chair. An older woman, LILLIAN 
               FARMER, sits opposite on the couch, listening and nodding 
               from time to time. A small suitcase stands by the front door.

speaker_heading:    FRANCES

dialog: It usually worked. God became a 
                         superfather that couldn't spank me. 
                         But if I wanted a thing badly enough, 
                         He arranged it.

text: ERNEST FARMER appears in the doorway and hesitates, listening 
               to his daughter read.

speaker_heading:    FRANCES

dialog: But if God loved all of His children 
                         equally, why did He bother about my 
                         red hat and let other people lose 
                         their fathers and mothers for always?

text:   Ernest goes to Frances and kisses her softly on the top of 
               her head. She looks at him briefly, smiling slightly.

speaker_heading:   ERNEST

dialog: Bye, baby.

speaker_heading:    FRANCES

dialog:  See you next weekend, Dad.

text: He goes to the door and picks up his suitcase, glances at 
               Lillian. She doesn't look up. He leaves.

speaker_heading:    FRANCES

dialog: I began to see that He didn't have 
                         much to do about hats or people dying 
                         or anything. They happened whether 
                         He wanted them to or not, and He 
                         stayed in Heaven and pretended not 
                         to notice.

scene_heading:  INT. AUDITORIUM - DAY

text: Frances stands at a podium. Other STUDENTS and TEACHERS sit 
               to either side of her on folding chairs. Above the proscenium 
               is engraved: West Seattle High School. Below that a banner 
               hangs: "NATIONAL HIGH SCHOOL ESSAY COMPETITION, 1931."

speaker_heading:    FRANCES

dialog:  I wondered a little why God was such 
                         a useless thing. It seemed a waste 
                         of time to have Him. After that He 
                         became less and less, until He was... 
                         nothingness.

text: The AUDIENCE consists of parents, students, and local 
               dignitaries. We SEE several shocked faces. Lillian is there 
               also, smiling. Seated next to her is a distinguished-looking 
               woman, ALMA STYLES. Ernest sits on the other side of the 
               auditorium, looking a little worried.

speaker_heading:    FRANCES

dialog: I felt rather proud that I had found 
                         the truth myself, without help from 
                         anyone. It puzzled me that other 
                         people hadn't found out, too. God 
                         was gone. We had reached past Him. 
                         Why couldn't they see it? It still 
                         puzzles me.

text: Frances closes her notebook and looks up, waiting for some 
               response. There is a deep shocked silence, then a smattering 
               of applause. Lillian claps enthusiastically, then rises to 
               her feet. In the back a WOMAN also stands.

speaker_heading:  WOMAN

dialog: You're going straight to hell, Frances 
                         Farmer!

text:  A stately man sitting next to her, her husband JUDGE BENJAMIN 
               HILLIER, puts a restraining hand on her arm. The woman 
               continues to glare at Frances.
               Frances stares back, dumbfounded.

scene_heading:  EXT. SEATTLE STREETS - DAY

text: The screen erupts into violence. A large unruly MOB skirmishes 
               with POLICE in a cobblestoned square. On a truckbed addressing 
               the crowd -- which carries placards reading: "Organize Now!", 
               "Workers of the World Unite!", and "Elect Kaminski!" stands 
               MARTONI KAMINSKI. By his side, leading the crowd's responses, 
               stands a younger man with sharp piercing eyes, HARRY YORK.

speaker_heading: KAMINSKI

dialog: And do you think it's radical for a 
                         man to have a job and feed a family?

scene_heading:  YORK &amp; CROWD

dialog: YORK &amp; CROWD

speaker_heading: KAMINSKI

dialog:  Is it radical for you to have a hand 
                         in shaping your future, and the future 
                         of your children?

scene_heading:  YORK &amp; CROWD

dialog:  No!

speaker_heading: KAMINSKI

dialog: Is it radical for the wealth of this 
                         country to be turned back to the 
                         people who built the country?

scene_heading:  YORK &amp; CROWD

dialog:  No! No!

speaker_heading: KAMINSKI

dialog:  Good! Because, Brothers, that's you!

text:  The crowd cheers. Harry York gives Kaminski the thumbs-up 
               sign as a banner unfurls: "Today Seattle -- Tomorrow the 
               World."

text: A TITLE COMES ON SCREEN: GOD'S IN HIS HEAVEN AND ALL'S RIGHT 
               WITH THE WORLD? 'NOT SO!' SAYS YOUNG FRANCES FARMER
               We realize we've been watching a newsreel. We SEE the SCHOOL 
               SUPERINTENDENT presenting Frances with an award.

speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER

dialog: Seattle is in the news again as a 
                         high school junior wins a national 
                         competition and a hundred dollar 
                         prize with an essay denying God.

text: City Hall steps. Judge Hillier and other BIGWIGS speaking 
               heatedly to reporters.

speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER

dialog: This prompts civic officials to charge 
                         that left-wing politicians are 
                         encouraging atheism in the city's 
                         schools. Miss Frances Farmer was 
                         unavailable for comment, but her 
                         mother Lillian --

text:  Lillian stands in front of her wood frame house addressing a 
               small CROWD of reporters, photographers, and curious 
               neighbors.

speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER

dialog:    Farmer, a well-known local dietician, 
                         stepped to her daughter's defense.

speaker_heading: LILLIAN

dialog: (emphatically)
                         Frances has not turned her back on 
                         the Lord, they're just having a 
                         momentary difference of opinion. 
                         What child hasn't questioned the 
                         Lord's mysteries in order to better 
                         understand them? To paraphrase Mr. 
                         Voltaire, I may not agree with what 
                         she says, but I'll defend to the 
                         death her right to say it. Freedom 
                         of speech, unlike in the dark 
                         countries to the east, still lives 
                         in America! And in my home.

text:  Among the AUDIENCE in the cinema, we SEE Frances and her 
               father. Frances slinks down in her seat until she's hidden 
               from sight.





