scene_heading: EXT. MEDIEVAL CITY -- DAY

text: Presumably Bremen: A church steeple in the foreground, the
town square behind it.
(Actual footage from Nosferatu.)

scene_heading: INT. HUTTER'S HOUSE -- DAY

text: GUSTAV VON WANGENHEIM, portraying the character of Hutter,
stands in front of a mirror tying his neckpiece. He wears
early 19th-century German traveling clothes.
(Recreated from Nosferatu.)

scene_heading: EXT. HUTTER'S HOUSE -- DAY

text: CLOSE ON: GRETA SCHROEDER, portraying the character of Ellen
(Hutter's wife), leaning over a windowbox, dangling a piece of
string above a cat. She wears a 19th century hoop dress and
her hair is in long finger-curls.
(Recreated from Nosferatu.)

speaker_heading: MURNAU (0.S.)

dialog: Nice pussy. Nice pussy. You're very
content right now, aren't you Ellen?
You live in a nice house. You wear
pretty clothing. And best of all,
you're married to a wonderful man
who's promised to love you forever.
You little suspect that he's about to
go on a long journey. And that, when
he returns, he'll bring with him the
death of love. And your womb will be

text: (MORE )

speaker_heading: MURNAU (0.S.) (cont'd)

dialog: barren and your bed will be cold and
in all the world you will be alone.

scene_heading: INT. JOFA STUDIOS -- HUTTER'S HOUSE SET -- DAY

text: Same shot. The camera pulls back to reveal that the exterior
of Hutter's house is, in fact, a film set--a little oasis of
light--erected in a cavernous, barrel-vaulted studio.
And standing in front of it are three men we'll come to know
as MURNAU, GRAU, and MULLER. They're wearing lab coats and
safety goggles and look more scientists than filmmakers.
Everyone waits breathlessly for the director's approval...

speaker_heading: MURNAU

dialog: And--end Print it!

text: .-.and then flies into action with military precision:
striking the set, switching off the phonograph (providing
background music), carrying a chair to the director.
Who rips off his goggles providing us with our first real look
at FRIEDRICH WILHELM MURNAU, 33: tall, handsome with red hair
and a distant, preoccupied air he's capable of bringing to
intense focus whenever he's concentrating.
Which he demonstrates right now by focusing on...

speaker_heading: MURNAU  (CONT. )

dialog: Wolf, have we established pathos?

text: «WOLFGANG MULLER, the photographer: 30s, glasses, a little
retiring. He looks up from where he's dismantling the camera
clearly enrapt by MURNAU's attention.

speaker_heading: MULLER

dialog: Perfectly, Herr Doctor. In one take.

speaker_heading: MURNAU

dialog: Good. Get the film to the lab right
away. I want to see rushes first
thing in the morning before we leave.
Albin?

text: ALBIN GRAU, producer and art director, walks over: late
thirties, something of an Aesthete.

speaker_heading: GRAU

dialog: Yes, Herr Doctor?

speaker_heading: MURNAU

dialog: Hurry up and strike your set, will
you? This Potemkin village is costing
our investors a fortune.

speaker_heading: GRAU

dialog: Shooting outside the studio will cost
them even more.

speaker_heading: MURNAU

dialog: Such is the price of genius.
(shouting)
God, save me from all this phony shit!

text: He throws out his arms, accidentally sends a stack of film
tins flying from the hands of MULLER's assistant (PAUL).
Everyone freezes. There's a long beat until, oblivious,
MURNAU sits, turns to his script. The crew resumes its work.
PAUL falls to his knees, scrambles to pick up the tins.

speaker_heading: PAUL

dialog: I'm sorry, Herr Doctor.

speaker_heading: GRAU

dialog:Was there something wrong with the
set, Friedrich?

speaker_heading: MURNAU

dialog: No, I'm anxious to get out of here,
that's all. But I do need your
inventory for the trip. Alsoa
complete itinerary and a scene break-—
down by costume and set. Speaking of
which, I looked over your renderings
last night for the last scene in
Ellen's bedroom. I think they'll be
fine.

speaker_heading: GRAU

dialog: High praise, Herr Doctor.

speaker_heading: MURNAU

dialog: We'll need blueprints, of course, and
photos for when we finally get round
to building it on Helgoland. And
there was something else...oh yes, the
cat was sluggish.

speaker_heading: GRAU (0.S.)

dialog: Jesus, Albin. What's wrong with you?
Take the damned thing out and have it
shot.

text: We look over to see HENRIK GALEEN, the screenwriter: 30s,
scholarly. He's sitting on packing crate, a sheaf of manu-
scripts spread across his lap.

speaker_heading: MURNAU

dialog: Henrik, I hope we're not going to be
out in the field without enough copies
of your script.

speaker_heading: GALEEN

dialog: No, Friedrich. The brothers of the
monastery are putting the gold leaf on
them now.

speaker_heading: MURNAU

dialog: (ignoring him, shouting)
Hurry up, ladies and gentlemen! We
have a train to catch!

text: 
He turns back to his script, a steel door is opened, the light
and noise of 1921 Berlin pour in.
Enter GRETA wearing a dressing gown and smoking a cigarette in
an ivory holder. Without her wig and make-up she seems
dangerously young and beautiful, perhaps seventeen.


