scene_heading:           EXT. NORTH SEA/VILLAGE - NIGHT

tex:   We skim above a dark, wild ocean. The camera turns toward a
          lone island, Berk. It is a gigantic shard of rock jutting
          straight out of the water.

speaker_heading:           HICCUP (V.O.)

dialog: This, is Berk. It's twelve days
          North of hopeless, and a few
          degrees South of freezing to death.
          It's located solidly on the
          meridian of misery.

text: The camera drifts over rolling hills to reveal a small
          village nestled on an outcropping of sea mounts.

speaker_heading:           HICCUP (V.O.)

dialog:  My village. In a word, sturdy.
          And it's been here for seven
          generations, but every single
          building is new.

text:   The camera drifts closer, circling.

speaker_heading:           HICCUP (V.O.) (CONT'D)

dialog: We have fishing, hunting, and a
          charming view of the sunsets. The
          only problems are the pests. You
          see, most places have mice or
          mosquitos. We have...

text: Sheep graze peacefully on a hillside. Suddenly one is
          snatched.

scene_heading: INT. STOICK'S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS

text: A door is pulled open... as a DRAGON swoops directly toward

          it, BLASTING FIRE. The door is SLAMMED. The fire shoots

          through the slats of wood, illuminating HICCUP, a gangly

          teenage Viking.

speaker_heading: HICCUP

dialog:           ...dragons.

scene_heading: EXT. STOICK'S HOUSE

text:  He reopens the sizzling door, as leaps off of the front
          porch. He weaves through the erupting mayhem as Vikings pour
          out of the buildings, ready for a fight.
   More dragons swarm in, setting rooftops alight and hauling
          off sheep.

speaker_heading: HICCUP (V.O.)

dialog:   Most people would leave. Not us.
          We're Vikings. We have stubbornness
          issues.

text: Vikings sound the alarm. Viking men and women pour out into
          the streets, axes in hand.
          ON HICCUP darting through alleys, staying under eaves, making
          his way through the battle.

speaker_heading: HICCUP (V.O.) (CONT'D)

text:  My name's Hiccup. Great name, I
          know. But it's not the worst.
          Parents believe a hideous name will
          frighten off gnomes and trolls.
          Like our charming Viking demeanor
          wouldn't do that.

text:  Dragons sweep back and forth, dodging axes and blasting the
          Vikings who throw them. A burly warrior gets tossed in an
          explosion, knocking Hiccup to the ground.

speaker_heading: VIKING

dialog: (FIERCE)
          Arggghhhhh!
          (cheery, insane)
          Mornin'!

text: Hiccup gets to his feet and continues to rush past gigantic
          men and women.

speaker_heading: HICCUP (V.O.)

dialog: Meet the neighbors. Hoark the
          Haggard...

speaker_heading: HOARK

dialog:           What are you doing out!?

speaker_heading: HICCUP

dialog:           ... Burnthair the Broad...

speaker_heading: BURNTHAIR

dialog:  Get inside!

speaker_heading: HICCUP

dialog:           ... Phlegma the Fierce...

speaker_heading:  PHLEGMA THE FIERCE

dialog:           Get back inside!

speaker_heading: HICCUP

dialog: . Ack.

text:          He passes a silent ox of a viking, picking his ear.

speaker_heading: HICCUP (CONT'D)

dialog: Yep, just Ack.

text:           Enter STOICK, the biggest Viking of all. He yanks Hiccup from

          the path of a strafing dragon and holds aloft to the crowd.

speaker_heading: STOICK

dialog:  Hiccup!?
          (accusingly; to the crowd)
          What is he doing out again?!

speaker_heading:    (TO HICCUP)

dialog:   What are you doing out?! Get
          inside!

text:   The flames light up his scowling face and matted red beard.
          He sets Hiccup down and turns to the sky, searching.

speaker_heading:  (IN AWE)

dialog: That's Stoick the Vast. Chief of
          the tribe. They say that when he
          was a baby he popped a dragon's
          head clean off of its shoulders.
          Do I believe it?

text:  Stoick grabs a wooden cart and hurls it, knocking the
          strafing dragon out of the sky.

speaker_heading:  HICCUP (V.O.) (CONT'D)

dialog:   Yes I do.

text:  An EXPLOSION forces Vikings to DUCK. Stoick stands firm,
          brushing flaming debris off of his shoulder.

speaker_heading: STOICK

dialog:  (barking; to his men)
          What have we got?

speaker_heading: VIKING #1

dialog:  Gronkles. Nadders. Zipplebacks. Oh,
          and Hoark saw a Monstrous
          Nightmare.

speaker_heading: STOICK

dialog: Any Night Furies?

speaker_heading: VIKING #1

dialog:   None so far.