scene_heading: INT. UNCLE WONG’S CHINESE RESTAURANT - DAY 1

text: LANEY BROOKS (mid-30's) is having a drink at the bar while she
fiddles with a pair of chopsticks. She’s pretty, but not in
the way that inspires envy; she’s pretty in a way that makes
you want to be her friend. Two large bags of takeout are on
the counter.
Laney leans over the bar looking for something but comes up
short. She pulls the elastic hair tie out of her pony tail
and ties up the chopsticks with a folded piece of paper in
the middle. She stands, drains her drink and glances over to
a MOM and DAD arguing. Their young SON has a chopstick in
each hand. He’s trying to eat his noodles but they keep
sliding off the chopsticks. The Mom and Dad don’t seem to
notice.
Laney grabs the takeout bags and starts heading for the door
but stops short at the boy’s table. She puts down her bags
and we see what she’s been making: a set of trainer
chopsticks.

speaker_heading: LANEY

dialog: Here you go Buddy.

text: She quickly shows the little boy how to work them. The Mom
and Dad stop arguing and look at her. Laney’s friendly.

speaker_heading: LANEY (CONT'D)

dialog: I still use these.

text: Laney heads to the door. But she doesn’t leave. Instead she
waits until the little boy captures a mess of noodles and
brings it to his mouth. Success! He looks up, locks eyes
with Laney and smiles at her. Laney smiles back, then exits.

scene_heading: EXT. UNCLE WONG’S PARKING LOT - DAY - SAME 2

text: A perfect winter day, not a cloud in the sky. DONNY (mid-
30s), tan and good looking is leaning against his Maserati
and smoking a joint. Laney approaches, take-out bags in
hand.

speaker_heading: LANEY

dialog: Sorry that took so long. They were
swamped.

speaker_heading: DONNY

dialog: No sweat.

text: Laney attempts to put the bags in the back seat but Donny
wraps his arm around her waist from behind, spins her around
and pins her against the side of the car, kisses her neck.

speaker_heading: LANEY

dialog: Quick: three reasons you love me.

text: Donny takes another hit off the joint and passes it to her.

speaker_heading: DONNY

dialog: One--

text: Laney makes a game show buzzer sound.

speaker_heading: LANEY

dialog: --Too slow.

speaker_heading: DONNY

dialog: --Because you're beautiful.

text: He exhales. She takes a hit off the joint.

speaker_heading: DONNY (CONT'D)

dialog: Two- fun.

speaker_heading: LANEY

dialog: Really fun.

speaker_heading: DONNY

dialog: Three- smart.

text: Laney laughs. Donny reclaims the joint and takes another hit.
He leans in for another kiss but she dodges him.

speaker_heading: LANEY

dialog: We've got hungry kids. Come on.

text: Donny takes one last hit before putting the joint out with
his shoe.

