scene_heading: EXT. GUNZBURG, GERMANY - LATE AFTERNOON

text: Rain falls heavily on this prosperous Bavarian
municipality.
At town center stands Gunzburg's modest courthouse. The
BABY'S CRIES and the HUSHED ARGUMENT CONTINUE.

scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - SAME TIME

text: The CRYING and ARGUING are LOUDER here. At the defense
table Vashistha, a frightened young Pakistani, sits
beside a fresh-faced assistant defense attorney named
HILLMANN. Hillmann glances anxiously into the gallery
where Vashistha's wife waits, tormented by the CRIES of
her BABY -- whom she does not hold.
Across the aisle, a social worker tries to quiet the
WAILING INFANT who's sheathed from the waist down in a
body cast.
But the real action is taking place at the bench where
lead defense attorney PETER ROHM, 40s, too-long blond
hair curling over his collar, battles JUDGE and
PROSECUTOR. Their German segues into slightly accented
English:

speaker_heading: PETER

dialog: You have no evidence. None.
What's the point of dragging this
out?

text: The Prosecutor is a bitter old war horse.

speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR

dialog: The point, Counselor, is to
protect the child from further
brutality at the hand of her
father.

speaker_heading: PETER

dialog: Brutality?! She fell from his
arms. Three witnesses agree it
was a Simple accident --

speaker_heading: PROSECUTOR

dialog: Of course they agree, they're
all --

text: He breaks off. Peter turns to the gallery; the
witnesses gaze back -- three dark-faced Pakistanis.

speaker_heading: PETER

dialog: (quietly)
They're all what, Herr
Prosecutor? Intelligent adults?
Trustworthy observers?... The
shining future of the Fatherland?

text: The Judge raises a hand in warning.

speaker_heading: JUDGE

dialog: Counselor --

speaker_heading: PETER

dialog: (unrelenting)
At least we can trust the doctor.
As I recall...
(a smile for the
Judge)
he's blond like us.

speaker_heading: JUDGE

dialog: Herr Rohm.

speaker_heading: PETER

dialog: (thunders)
Defense moves for dismissal.

scene_heading: EXT. GUNZBURG COURTHOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON

text: The rain has intensified. The courthouse doors swing
open and the angry Prosecutor emerges, raises his
umbrella and marches down the steps. The doors open
again and the Vashisthas appear -- the baby asleep in
her tearful mother's arms. They descend the steps.
Once more the doors open and Peter and Hillmann emerge.
They pause as Hillmann raises his umbrella. Peter
watches his departing clients with satisfaction.

speaker_heading: PETER

dialog: (an_axiom)
Always tell the truth, Felix.
It's the greatest freedom we
have.
(and)
Bet they didn't teach you that in
law school.

text: Peter tucks his own umbrella beneath his arm and strides
into the rain, face skyward, getting happily drenched.
CLOSE ON DESKTOP
Cigarette smoke and shadows. A bulging manila folder
lies open on the desk, full of handwritten pages. Bony
fingers dial a rotary telephone, number after number.
Not a local call. The voice of the caller is heard, an
aged man:

speaker_heading: MUELLER (0.S.)

dialog: Ja. It's me... How are you
feeling?

text: There's something slightly mocking in this voice.
Something unwholesome. The fingers pick up a German
passport.

speaker_heading: MUELLER (0.S.)

dialog: Ja, of course I have it.

text: The passport is thumbed open to the photograph of its
owner.

speaker_heading: MUELLER (0.S.)

dialog: No, no, you shouldn't worry...
He's perfect.

text: Catch a glimpse of the photo: a smiling Peter Rohm.
