scene_heading: EXT. SAL'S BAR & GRILL - NIGHT 1

text: A seedy neighborhood. LARRY "DOC" SHEPHERD, wearing a heavy
windbreaker, stands idly on the street. An AWOL bag is on the
sidewalk at his feet. A garment bag is slung over his
shoulder. He studies the little working-man's bar across the
street as the title "DECEMBER 13, 2003" comes up.

scene_heading: INT. SAL'S BAR & GRILL - NIGHT 2

text: Small and dark. A pool table, a few booths, not much decor.
SAL NEALON leans on his elbows on his side of the bar, doing
a crossword. He's in his late 50s and wears a cropped
mustache, going gray, like the sides of his short-cropped
hair. He wears a black T-shirt, revealing a USMC tattoo on
his arm. He smokes a cigar, chewing its end more than it
needs. An edgy dude - you wouldn't want to fuck with him. At
the other end of the bar, COPS is on a TV that hangs
suspended from the ceiling. On the show, a nervous couple try
to explain to a sarcastic cop what they are doing in the
projects if not buying drugs. Sal's only customer, O'TOOLE,
an old functioning alcoholic, is watching. At some point Doc
enters, pausing near the door. O'Toole gives him a cursory
glance. Doc hangs his garment bag on a hook on the stanchion
and takes a stool. He puts his AWOL bag on another stool and
settles down with a little uncertainty.

speaker_heading: SAL

dialog: I ask you, you ever see these cops
catch a killer or a rapist on this
show? Ever see them put the cuffs
on some crooked CEO fuck?

text: Wanders over to Doc.

speaker_heading: SAL (CONT'D)

dialog: What can I get you?

speaker_heading: DOC

dialog: Beer.

speaker_heading: SAL

dialog: What kind?

speaker_heading: DOC

dialog: Doesn't matter.

speaker_heading: SAL

dialog: Bottle or draft?

speaker_heading: DOC

dialog: Draft.

text: Sal walks back over and starts filling up a glass while he
continues his conversation with O'Toole.

speaker_heading: SAL

dialog: Nah, they're always just drug users
and johns... just people hurtin',
trying to find a little pleasure in
life.

speaker_heading: O'TOOLE

dialog: What have you got against cops?

speaker_heading: SAL

dialog: Nuttin'. What I got something
against is good ol' stupidity.

text: Sal wanders back to Doc and serves him the beer. Doc looks
into a manila envelope and withdraws a five dollar bill and
lays it on the bar.