scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - PRESENT

text: This whole scene is shot using only extreme close-ups of eyes, cards, 
tapping fingers and mouths. We open on a bright  pair of eyes. One is 
bruised and slightly swollen, but this does not detract from their 
clarity.

speaker_heading: EDDY

dialog: Three card brag is a simple form of poker; you are dealt only three 
cards and these you can't change. If you don't look at your cards 
you're a `blind man' and you only put in half the stake. Three of any 
kind is the highest you can get: the odds are four hundred and twenty-
five to one. Then it's a running flush - you know, all the same suit 
running in order; then a straight, then a flush, then a pair, and 
finally whatever the highest card you are holding. There are some tell-
tale signs that are valuable; I am not going to tell you them because 
it took me long enough to learn them, but these can only help a player, 
not make one. So you want to play?

text: DISSOLVE TO BLACK. THE FIRST OF THE CREDITS APPEAR ON THE SCREEN.

dialog: What have you got?
We cut to a beady pair of eyes and then to his cards as they are turned 
over: three hearts of no consecutive numbers are exposed. That's a good 
hand. A flush beats my pair. What about you?
Another pair of excited eyes widen to the question. We see more cards: 
a run is revealed.
And here's me trying to explain the game to you. Hustlers, you're all 
hustlers!
We cut to a shot of a small amount of money being scooped up. OK! You 
got some real money?

text: DISSOLVE TO BLACK: MORE CREDITS APPEAR ON THE SCREEN.

dialog: Ed scoops up a large pile of money.
Odds chaps, you gotta remember the odds.
There ? a loud slam of a door. We cut to a wide shot of a policeman 
who has just entered. It is then revealed that two of the three players 
are also policemen. They stand to attention, red faced with 
embarrassment.

speaker_heading: SERG

dialog: I hope I am not interrupting. Comfortable, Edward?

speaker_heading: EDDY

dialog: I haven't slept for forty-eight hours, got a dozen broken ribs, can 
feel a case of the flu coming on and . . .

speaker_heading: SERG

dialog: (interrupts)
All right, all right, don't think I wouldn't like to get rid of you; 
but before I do, I need to know what's going on, son.

speaker_heading: EDDY

dialog: If you think you're in the dark, I am in a black hole, blindfolded.

text: DISSOLVE TO BLACK. THE MUSIC STARTS.

dialog: We pull back out of the black to reveal that we have been sitting in 
the inside of a shotgun. The barrels recede further, then `boom.' LOCK 
STOCK are shot out of the top of the screen in peppered letters. We 
wait for a while, as the barrels reappear through. the smoke. We then 
see one smoking barrel; 'boom!' the other is let off: AND TWO SMOKING 
BARRELS joins the sentence.

scene_heading: EXT. STREET (FLASHBACK] - DAY

text: We open on a smart, casually dressed man selling perfume and jewellery 
on a street corner. A crowd has gathered, attracted by the alarming 
volume at which he is advertising his wares.

speaker_heading: BACON

dialog: See these goods, they never seen daylight, moonlight, Israelite, Fanny-
by-the-gas-light. If you can't see value here today you're not up here 
shopping, you're up here shoplifting. Take a bag, take a bag. I took a 
bag, I took a bag home last night and she cost a lot more than ten 
pounds I can tell ya. Tell me if I am going too cheap. Not ninety, not 
eighty, not forty, half that and half that again, that's right, ten 
pounds. Don't think 'cos it's sealed up it's an empty box. The only man 
who sells empty boxes is the undertaker, and by the look of some of you 
here today I would make more money with me measuring tape.

text: A well-dressed, zealous character (Eddy) appears from behind the crowd 
waving money. It seems he can't wait to get rid of it.

speaker_heading: EDDY

dialog: Bargain, that's a bloody bargain if I ever heard one. Ten pounds you 
say? I'll have five.
Certainly sir. I'll just wrap.

text: Changing his attention.

speaker_heading: BACON

dialog: Excuse me misses, sorry sir, ladies first and all that.

text: A tourist spectator, rather than a buyer, has been. put on the spot. 
She fumbles through her bag hastily all too aware of the attention of 
the crowd, of which she is now the focus. She passes her money like 
it's contaminated. Others follow suit.

dialog: Buy 'em, you better buy 'em; they're not stolen, they just never been 
paid for.

text: This really stokes the fire. The money can't come fast enough. Just as 
business reaches its peak there is a call of alarm from the first 
enthusiastic punter, who seems to be rather more familiar than he first 
pretended.

speaker_heading: EDDY

dialog: Bacon!

text: Bacon's expression changes dramatically. A series of crash zooms 
between Ed's, Bacon's and a third party's eyes (the police) reveal 
there is a problem. They're off: EDDY and BACON run like they have done 
this before. They go down an ally; Ed jumps some stairs, we freeze.

speaker_heading: BACON

dialog: (voice-over)
Ed can run fast, talk fast, eat fast, and play cards fast, but he's 
fucking slow when it comes to spotting the roz.

speaker_heading: EDDY

dialog: (voice-over)
The reason he is called BACON is he spent so much of his youth in the 
police station that people thought he was one of them. But he is a big 
boy now and it is time to move on.
We cut to a shot of Ed as he lands. He has made good distance.

scene_heading: INT. GROCER'S SHOP - MORNING

text: EDDY arrives at a grocer's shop. We meet Tom. Tom is talking to Nick 
the Greek.


speaker_heading: TOM

dialog: What are you talking about? I am bloody skinny, pal.

speaker_heading: 

dialog: Of course you are. All right, Ed.

speaker_heading: EDDY

dialog: Nick the Greek, always a pleasure. All right Tom, what you been eating?

text: Tom examines his midriff and adopts a confused expression.

speaker_heading: TOM

dialog: Please, both join me in my office.

scene_heading: INT. GROCER'S SHOP STORE ROOM - DAY

text: They work their way past a maze of boxes.

speaker_heading: NICK

dialog: (fingering and admiring one of the boxes)
How much did you say it was, Tom?

speaker_heading: TOM

dialog: You know how much it is, Nick.

speaker_heading: NICK

dialog: And that does include the amp?

speaker_heading: TOM

dialog: You know it doesn't include the amp.

scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT KITCHEN -AFTERNOON

text: Tom and Ed make their way through a busy, well-equipped kitchen. This 
is obviously a smart and serious establishment. They stop in front of 
the man whose uniform is covered in blood; he appears to be the head 
chef. Meet Soap.

speaker_heading: TOM

dialog: What have you come as?

speaker_heading: SOAP

dialog: Cupid stupid! That's the last time I am getting any more fruit off you 
Tom. Call that fresh? There was more small hairy armoured things in 
your fruit than there was fruit. You should open a butcher's, not a 
grocer's.

speaker_heading: TOM

dialog: If you will order stuff that comes from Kat-Man-Fucking-Du don't be 
surprised if your fruit picks up a few tourists en route. ~ Never mind 
that, what about the money?

speaker_heading: SOAP

dialog: Get your fingers out of my soup!

text: SLOW MOTION
Soap pulls out a bag from under where he is sitting.

speaker_heading: TOM

dialog:  (voice-over)
Soap is called Soap because he likes to keep his hands clean of any 
unlawful behaviour. He is proud of his job, and even more proud that 
it's legal.

speaker_heading: BACON

dialog: (voice-over)
 He's a stroppy sod but he's got more balls than a golfer, only he 
doesn't know it. ' * Cut from completed film.

text: RELEASE SLOW MOTION
Ed looks in bag.

speaker_heading: EDDY

dialog: Are you sure you can afford twenty-five?

speaker_heading: SOAP 

dialog: Well that depends on how you look at it. I can afford it as long as I 
see it again, if that's what you mean. You got the rest from the fat 
man and Bacon?

text:  Tom looks on with suspicion.

speaker_heading: TOM

dialog: Who's this fat man, then?

speaker_heading: EDDY

dialog: Bacon, the fat man and myself, and it's time to make a call to Harry.

scene_heading: INT. HATCHET HARRY'S OFFICE - DAY

text: A hard-looking man of about fifty is sat behind a large antique desk. 
On this desk is a hatchet resting in a block of wood, poised like a 
judge's hammer. Harry is obviously in the sex game. Cluttered up in a 
hazardous way are a selection of dildos, spanking paddles, etc. A 
cabinet of fine-looking shotguns is placed behind. We have a split 
screen involving EDDY and his friends (listening in) and Hatchet with 
one hand on the phone and the other on a shotgun.

speaker_heading: HATCHET

dialog: You got it all?

scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAY.

speaker_heading: EDDY

dialog: A hundred grand.

text: FREEZE SHOT OF HATCHET

speaker_heading: TOM

dialog: (voice-over)
You see it's not easy to take a seat at this table; the money involved 
has to be a hundred grand upwards and there is no shortage of punters.

speaker_heading: EDDY

dialog: (voice-over)
The man who decides if you can play is this man Harry, or Hatchet Harry 
as some including himself like to call him.

text: RELEASE FREEZE SHOT OF HATCHET

speaker_heading: HATCHET

dialog: Well if you got it, you got it. Now, if you don't mind . . .

text: The phone is slammed down.
SHOT OF HATCHET

speaker_heading: SOAP

dialog: (voice-over)
When the old bastard is not playing cards he's chasing a thousand debts 
that ill-fated individuals owe for an array of reasons.

speaker_heading: BACON

dialog: (voice-over)
Sex and sleaze and antique shotguns are all deep and dear in Harry's 
stone cold heart.

text: RELEASE FREEZE SHOT OF HATCHET

speaker_heading: HATCHET

dialog: What's this EDDY like, then?

text: The camera spins round to reveal a massive monster of a man sitting 
opposite Hatchet. Meet Barry the Baptist.
FREEZE SHOT OF BARRY

speaker_heading: EDDY

dialog: (voice-over)
Hatchet has a colleague, a monster of a man: Barry the Baptist.

speaker_heading: BACON

dialog: (voice-over)
The Baptist got his name from drowning people for Hatchet.

speaker_heading: TOM

dialog: (voice-over)
But he needs him, because he is good at making sure debts get settled 
and jobs get done.

text: RELEASE FREEZE SHOT OF BARRY

speaker_heading:  BARRY

dialog: EDDY been shaking the knees of a lot of good players. The boy has a 
rare ability, he seems to make cards transparent, got bluffing dow .

speaker_heading:  HATCHET

dialog: (interrupts)
All right, all right, so we can say he is good.

speaker_heading: BARRY

dialog: Better than good, he is a fucking liability.

speaker_heading:  HATCHET

dialog: Where did he get a hundred grand?

speaker_heading: BARRY

dialog: He has got some adhesive mates, they have tossed up between them.

speaker_heading:  HATCHET

dialog: And JD is his dad, and owns the whole property?

speaker_heading: BARRY

dialog: No mortgage, no debts; lock, stock, the sodding lot . . . don't worry, 
I got it under control.

speaker_heading:  HATCHET

dialog: Good, you can get this under control now.
A glossy Christie's brochure displaying a pair of impressive antique 
hammer-lock shotguns is shoved in Barry's face.
It seems Lord Appleton Smythe has run out of money, and these little 
beauties are up for auction, but I am not paying quarter of a million 
quid for 'em, if you know what I mean Barry. One of my associates has 
given me an address and the location of these lovelies. Make sure we 
get everything from inside the gun cabinet. I don't want to know who 
you use, as long as they are not complete muppets; and don't tell them 
what they're worth.

text: Changing the subject.

dialog: 'Ere! Hold on, what do you think of these? We are selling hundreds.

text: Holds up one of the spanking paddles.

speaker_heading: BARRY

dialog: Er, very nice Harry. What's it for?

speaker_heading:  HATCHET

dialog: Don't play innocent with me Bazza; spanking!

text: The paddle is brought down hard on the desk: slap.

scene_heading: INT. TORTURE ROOM - DAY

text: Meet the Dog. Dog is horrible. He is large and intimidating. 
Administering pain is Dog's forte. He is also the Guy we cut from the 
last scene `slap' to the teeing of a golf ball. Wallop. Dog pulls a 
sadistic and alarmingly pleasurable face.

speaker_heading:  DOG

dialog: It's a dog eat dog world, lads, and I got bigger teeth than you.

text: We see an individual hanging upside down tied up with gaffer tape but 
otherwise naked. An orange is stuck in the man's mouth. Dog is standing 
on another man's chest who has a tee stuck between his teeth from where 
Dog fires golf balls at the other unfortunate figure. The tied-up man 
is Gordon. The other is Slick. Gordon nods his head erratically 
implying that he has reached a decision.

dialog: (to Plank)
I think your man is trying to say something.

text: Pause.

dialog: Perhaps not; maybe I should have another swing just to make sure.

text: Agonised muffled screaming from Gordon. Slick (who has a tee in his 
mouth) shuts his eyes in horror as the golf ball thumps into Gordon.

dialog: Yes, Gordon, is there something you would like to tell us?

text: The orange is removed from Gordon's mouth.

speaker_heading:  GORDON

dialog: (rushing to get the words out)
In the kitchen, under the floor . . .

speaker_heading:  (interrupts)
Shut it, you idiot . . .

text: Dog swings the golf club round Slick's jaw, knocking him unconscious.

speaker_heading:  DOG

dialog: You were saying?

speaker_heading:  GORDON

dialog: It's in the karzi, pull the fishing wire under the seat. Jesus, for 
god's sake let me down.

speaker_heading: PLANK

dialog: Oh, Dog! . . . I think you want to have a look at this!

text: Plank returns holding an assortment of drugs and cash. Gordon starts to 
scream. Dog picks up a steel for sharpening knives and throws it across 
the room. Thunk. Silence follows. Plank grimaces.

dialog: Oh, Dog!









































