scene_heading: EXT. A VACANT LOT -- NIGHT

text:   Colored light from the billboard flickers over a bullet
          riddled sign: ROUTE 85. U.S. BORDER, EL PASO, TEXAS.
          Beneath the sign is a LONG BLACK LIMOUSINE.
          Cars whip past on the highway. Then A VAN passes, blasting
          some future version of Techno Latino Hip Hop. A SQUEAL OF
          TIRES OS. Now the music gets louder as the van returns,
          cruising slowly past the black limo before pulling into the
          lot. Five Bangers bail out and check out the black stretch.             
          The limo doors are locked, windows tinted, so they can't see
          what's inside, but they check out the tires and wheels and
          like what they see. With the speed of a pit crew, they open
          the back of the van and out come TOOLS AND A JACK.

scene_heading: INT. LIMO -- SAME

text: We move over the back bench, past empty bottles, fast food
          wrappers as A SLEEPING MAN'S FACE ratchets into frame.
          He opens his red eyes.
          The man is LOGAN aka The Wolverine or more accurately, Drunk
          Wolverine. He blinks, dazed, feeling the car lurching upward.
          Older than we've seen him, he clutches a Tequila bottle.

scene_heading: EXT. LIMO -- EL PASO HIGHWAY TURNOUT - NIGHT

text: As the back door opens, the tequila bottle drops to the dirt
          and A BOOTED LEG STEPS OUT.
          Logan shuffles, stiff, to the other side of the stretch where
          the Bangers work, removing wheels, lit by colored light.

speaker_heading: LOGAN

dialog: ...Uh. Please stop, guys. Those,..
                    those are chrome plated lugs.

text: They all five turn. Some pull guns on the drunk limo driver.
          He just keeps talking, slurring some...

speaker_heading: LOGAN (CONT'D)

dialog: you're gonna strip `em. Plating
                    flakes off, you know...

text: A Jittery Banger cocks his shotgun.

speaker_heading: LOGAN (CONT'D)

dialog:  It's a lease, you know, and no one
                      wants to pay to ride in a--

text:-- THE JITTERY BANGER FIRES. Blows Logan right off his feet.

speaker_heading: LOGAN (CONT'D)

dialog: Fuck.

text: Now might be a good time to talk about "fights" described in
            the next 100 or so pages. Basically, if you're on the make
            for a hyper choreographed, gravity defying, city-block
            destroying, CG fuckathon, this ain't your movie.
            In this flick, people will get hurt or killed when shit falls
            on them. They will get just as hurt or just as killed if they
            get hit with something big and heavy like, say, a car. Should
            anyone in our story have the misfortune to fall off a roof or
            out a window, they won't bounce. They will die.
            As for our hero with his so-called eternal life and healing.
            Well, he's older now. If you keep reading, you'll discover
            Logan's about to get his ass kicked. But before we get to
            that, we should make it clear his abilities ain't what they
            were. Yes, he's a drunk, but he's also fading on the inside.
            Adamantium implants leeching into his system, causing chronic
            pain and diminished healing, hence booze as painkiller.
            So by all means, go ahead and worry about him.
            Now where were we? Oh, yeah--
            As the smoke settles, a CROWBAR-toting Banger angrily chews
            out Jitters in Spanish for firing. The others resume their
            work... none aware of Logan slowly getting up, till --

speaker_heading: LOGAN (CONT'D)

dialog:  Guys... seriously...
                          (gets to his feet)
                      You don't wanna do this.

text: The Bangers react to Logan with bafflement. Ad-lib Spanish
            reactions, nervous chuckles --                           
CROWBAR presses down JITTER'S gun as he moves to Logan.
            We hear a familiar SNIKT! as claws slowly extend from one of
            Logan's hands, then mostly extend from the other. Logan is
            still frowning at his bad hand when--
            CROWBAR THWACKS HIS SKULL. A metallic ring.
            Off balance and pissed, Logan swings at them as they
            converge, but he's drunk and soon they are pounding him with
            knives and guns and fists and a torque wrench.
 He tries his best to keep them from the limo, catches one
            guy's bat an inch before it would dent the car.
            Another one of them shoots in that direction, but Logan puts
            himself in front of the bullet. The pain from that little
            move stops him long enough for them to resume the pummeling.
            Suddenly, Logan's eyes go yellow, pupils dilating. He lets
            out a long, loud yell. Fury rockets up in him, like cocaine.
            HE STANDS AND RAMS HIS CLAWS INTO CROWBAR and kicks another
            Banger into the back of the open van. Yet another runs at
            Logan only to get gored in the neck and tossed. This is real
            work for Logan, not easy. And it is fueled by rage.                    
            Jitters again raises his sawed-off, he will nail the car for
            sure, but Logan slices off his arm above the elbow.
            Sadly for Logan, the hand, while disconnected from the body
            it once belonged to, is still holding the gun. So, as it hits
            the dirt, the gun goes off, putting several pellet-sized
            holes in the door of the limo.                        
            This, more than anything else, doubles Logan anger--

speaker_heading: LOGAN (CONT'D)

dialog: MOTHERF--

text: WHO GETS HIT ONCE MORE --and then goes after the last banger
            who, seeing he had his chance, leaps into the van and spins
            out of the lot, his wounded compadre in back, spilling onto
            the dirt as the van bounces back onto the road.
            Logan picks up his keys, some loose change and a single
            silver bullet. He stands, staring at the holes in his
            otherwise pristine stretch as RAIN BEGINS TO FALL.
            He sucks in deep breaths, forcing himself to regain control.
            His eyes return to normalcy. A PHONE VIBRATES OS. Logan takes
            out his, looks at it (he's got a fare), kicks the jack from
            the under the chassis.
            WE CRANE UP as Logan starts up the stretch and makes a loop
            in the lot, taking care to run over the three remaining
            Bangers before laying rubber onto the highway...

speaker_heading: CALL-IN GUEST (O.S.)

dialog:   Everyone's asleep, Burt. Sleep-
                      walking! Hostages! No one cares!

scene_heading: INT./EXT. LIMO - EL PASO STREETS - NIGHT

text: LOGAN cruises the wet El Paso streets. LCD Billboards for
            chemically enhanced life. Gang graffiti on self-driving
            buses. A kaleidoscope of moments, dark and mundane.




