scene_heading: EXT. STREET. DAY

text: Legs run along the pavement. They are Mark Renton's.
Just ahead of him is Spud. They are both belting along.
As they travel, various objects (pens, tapes, CDs, toiletries, ties,
sunglasses, etc.) either fall or are discarded from inside their jackets.
They are pursued by two hard-looking Store Detectives in identical uniforms.
The men are fast, but Renton and Spud maintain their lead.

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: (voice-over)
     Choose life. Choose a job. Choose a career. Choose a family,
     Choose a fucking big television, Choose washing machines, cars,
     compact disc players, and electrical tin openers.

text: Suddenly, as Renton crosses a road, a car skids to a halt, inches from him.
In a moment of detachment he stops and looks at the shocked driver, then at
Spud, who has continued running, then at the Two Men, who are now closing in
on him.
He smiles.

scene_heading: INT. SWANNEY'S FLAT ROOM. DAY

text: In a bare, dingy room, Renton lies on the floor, alone, motionless and
drugged.

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: (v.o)
     Choose good health, low cholesterol and dental insurance. Choose
     fixed-interest mortgage repayments. Choose a starter home. Choose
     your friends.

scene_heading: EXT. FOOTBALL PITCH. NIGHT

text: On a flood lit five-a-side pitch, Renton and his friends are taking on
another team at football.
The opposition all wear an identical strip (Arsenal), whereas Renton and his
friends wear an odd assortment of gear.
Three girls -- Lizzy, Gail, and Allison and Baby -- stand by the side,
watching.
The boys are outclassed by the team with the strip but play much dirtier.
As each performs a characteristic bit of play, the play freezes and their
name is visible, printed or written on some item of clothing. (T-Shirt,
baseball cap, shorts, trainers). In Begbie's case, his name appears as a
tatoo on his arm.
Sick Boy commits a sneaky foul and indignantly denies it.
Begbie commits an obvious foul and make no effort to deny it.
Spud, in goal, lets the ball in between his legs.
Tommy kicks the ball as hard as he can.
Renton's litany continues over the action:

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: (v.o)
     Choose leisure wear and matching luggage. Choose a three piece
     suite on hire purchase in a range of fucking fabrics. Choose DIY
     and wondering who you are on a Sunday morning. Choose sitting on
     that couch watching mind-numbing sprit-crushing game shows,
     stuffing fucking junk food into your mouth. Choose rotting away at
     the end of it all, pishing you last in a miserable home, nothing
     more than an embarrassment to the selfish, fucked-up brats you
     have spawned to replace yourself. Choose your future. Choose life.

text: Renton is hit straight in the face by the ball. He lies back on the
astroturf. Voice-over continues.
     But who would I want to do a thing like that?

scene_heading: INT. SWANNEY'S FLAT. DAY

text: Renton lies on the floor.
Swanney, Allison and Baby, Sick Boy and Spud are shooting up or preparing to
shoot up. Sick Boy is talking to Allison as he taps up a vein on her arm.

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: (v.o)
I chose not to choose life: I chose something else. And the
     reasons? There are no reasons. Who need reasons when you've got
     heroin?

speaker_heading: SICK BOY

dialog: Goldfinger's better than Dr. No. Both of them are a lot better
     than Diamonds are Forever a judgement reflected in its relative
     poor showing at the box office, in which field, of course,
     Thunderball was a notable success.

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: (v.o)
     People think it's all about misery and desperation and death and
     all that shite, which is not to be ignored, but what they forget

text: Spud is shooting up

dialog: is the pleasure of it. Otherwise we wouldn't do it. After all,
     we're not fucking stupid. At least, we're not that fucking stupid.
     Take the best orgasm you ever had, multiply it by a thousand and
     you're still nowhere near it. When you're on junk you have only
     one worry: scoring. When you're off it you are suddenly obliged to
     worry about all sorts of other shite. Got no money: can't get
     pished. Got money: drinking too much. Can't get a bird: no chance
     of a ride. Got a bird: too much hassle. You have to worry about
     bills, about food, about some football team that never fucking
     winds, about human relationships and all the things that really
     don't matter when you've got a sincere and truthful junk habit.

speaker_heading: SICK BOY

dialog: I would say, in those days, he was a muscular actor, in every
     sense, with all the presence of someone like Cooper or Lancaster,
     but combined with a sly wit to make him a formidable romantic
     lead, closer in that respect to Cary Grant.

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: (v.o)
     The only drawback, or at least the principal drawback, is that you
     have to endure all manner of cunts telling you that -

scene_heading: INT. PUB I. NIGHT

text: Begbie, smoking and drinking, speaks to camera.

speaker_heading: BEGBIE

dialog: No way would I poison my body with that shite, all they fucking
     chemicals, no fucking way.

scene_heading:  INT. PUB I. NIGHT

text: Tommy sits beside Lizzy. He speaks to camera.

speaker_heading: TOMMY

dialog: It's a waste of your life, Rents, poisoning your body with that
     shite.

scene_heading:  INT. RENTON FAMILY HOME, LIVING ROOM. NIGHT

text: Renton's father and mother sit at the table eating.
Renton is seated but not eating.

speaker_heading: speaker_heading: 

dialog: Every chance you've ever had, you've blown it, stuffing your veins
     with that filth.

scene_heading:  INT. ELECTRICAL RETAILERS. DAY

text: Gav wears the corporate jacket.

speaker_heading: speaker_heading: 

dialog: Get off that stuff, Rents and get a job. It's not as bad as it
     looks. While you're here, you don't fancy buying a cooker, do you?

scene_heading:  INT. SWANNEY'S FLAT. DAY

text: Sick Boy and Spud lie drugged up. Allison and Baby wait while Swanney cooks
up.
Renton is standing up.

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: (v.o)
     From time to time, even I have uttered the magic words.

speaker_heading: SWANNEY

dialog: Are you serious?

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: Yeah. No more. I'm finished with that shite.

speaker_heading: SWANNEY

dialog: Well, it's up to you.

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: I'm going to get it right this time. Going to get it set up and
     get off it for good.

speaker_heading: SWANNEY

dialog: Sure, sure. I've heard it before.

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: The Sick Boy method. They both look at Sick Boy

speaker_heading: SWANNEY

dialog: Yeah, well, it surely worked for him.

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: He's always been lacking in moral fibre.

speaker_heading: SWANNEY

dialog: He knows a lot about Sean Connery.

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: That's hardly a substitute.

speaker_heading: SWANNEY

dialog: you'll need one more hit.

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: No, I don't think so.

speaker_heading: SWANNEY

dialog: To see you through the night that lies ahead.

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: (v.o)
     We called him the mother superior on account of the length of his
     habit. He knew all about it. On it, off it, he knew it all. Of
     course I'd have another shot: after all, I had work to do.

scene_heading:  INT. RENTON'S FLAT ROOM. DAY

text: The door opens and Renton enters carrying shopping bags. He empties them on
to a mattress beside three buckets and a television.

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: (v.o) Relinquishing junk. Stage One: preparation. For this you will
     need: one room which you will not leave; one mattress; tomato
     soup, ten tins of; mushroom soup, eight tins of, for consumption
     cold; ice cream, vanilla, one large tub of; Magnesia, Milk of, one
     bottle; paracetamol; mouth wash; vitamins; mineral water;
     Lucozade; pornography; one bucket for urine, one for feces, and
     one for vomitus; one television; and one bottle of Valium, which I
     have already procured, from my mother, who is, in her own domestic
     and socially acceptable way, also a drug addict.

text: Renton swallows several Valium tablets. Voice-over continues.

dialog: And now I'm ready. All I need is a final hit to soothe the pain
     while the Valium takes effect.

scene_heading:  INT. SWANNEY'S FLAT. DAY

text: Swanney, Sick Boy, Spud and Allison and Baby all lie inert while the
telephone rings.

scene_heading:  INT. CALL BOX. DAY

text: Renton curses as he slams down the receiver. He dials again.

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: Mikey. It's Mark Renton. Can you help me out?

scene_heading:  INT. MIKEY'S FLAT. DAY

text: Renton holds two opium suppositories in the palm of his hand.

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: (v.o)
     This was typical of Mikey Forrester.
                                 (on screen)
     What the fuck are these?
(v.o)
     Under the normal run of things I would have had nothing to do with
     the cunt, but this was not the normal run of things.

speaker_heading: MIKEY

dialog: Opium suppositories. Ideal for your purpose. Slow release, like.
     Bring you down gradually. Custom fucking designed for your needs.

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog:      I want a fucking hit.

speaker_heading: MIKEY

dialog: That's all I've got: take it or leave it.

text: Renton sticks his hand down the back of his trousers and sticks the
suppositories into his rectum.

dialog: Feel better now?

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: For all the good they've done me I might as well have stuck them
     up my arse.

text: He smiles.

scene_heading:  EXT. STREET. DAY

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog:   (v.o)
     Heroin makes you constipated. The heroin from my last hit is
     fading away and the suppositories have yet to melt. I am no longer
     constipated.

text: He looks around the local amenities. He is in discomfort, clutching his
abdomen and falling to his knees.
He notices a betting shop.

scene_heading:  INT. BETTING SHOP. DAY

text: Renton walks through the crowded, smoky betting shop towards a door marked
'toilet' with a bit of card.

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog:   (v.o) I fantasize about massive pristine convenience.

text: He stumbles through.

dialog: (v.o)
     Brilliant gold taps, virginal white marble, a seat carved from
     ebony, a cistern full of Chanel No. 5, and a flunky handing me
     pieces of raw silk toilet roll. But under the circumstances I'll
     settle for anywhere.

scene_heading:  INT. HORRIBLE TOILET. DAY

text: This is the most horrible toilet in Britain.
Alone, Renton makes his way through the horrors to a cubicle.

scene_heading:  INT. HORRIBLE TOILET CUBICLE. DAY

text: Renton locks the door.
He looks into the bowl and winces with disgust, even in his state.
He pulls the chain. The chain comes off.
He drops his trousers, sits on the bowl and closes his eyes.

scene_heading:  MONTAGE

text: A lorry on a building site dumps a load of bricks, B52's shed their load on
Vietnam, the Blue Peter elephant, etc.

scene_heading:  INT. CUBICLE. DAY

text: Renton has his eyes closed. They snap open.
He looks down between his legs.
He drops to his knees in front of the bowl and rolls his sleeve up.
With no more hesitation he plunges his arm into the bowl and trawls for the
suppositories.
It seems to take ages. He cannot find them. He sticks his arm further and
further into the toilet, moving his whole body close. He strains to find it.
His head is over the bowl now. Gradually he reaches still further until his
head is lowered into the bowl, followed by his neck, torso, other arm, and
finally his legs, all disappearing.
The cubicle is empty.

scene_heading:  INT. UNDER WATER. DAY

text: Renton, dressed as before, swims through murky depths until he reaches the
bottom, where he picks up the suppositories, which glow like luminous
pearls, before heading up towards the surface again.

scene_heading:  INT. HORRIBLE TOILET CUBICLE. DAY

text: The toilet is empty.
Suddenly Renton appears through the bowl, then his arms as he lifts himself
out. Still clasping his two suppositories, he walks out of the toilet.

scene_heading:  INT. RENTON'S ROOM. DAY

text: The mattress, buckets and supplies are laid out as before.
The door opens and Renton enters, still soaking and dripping.
The suppositories are in his hand. He holds them up, and they twinkle in the
light.

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog:      Now. Now I'm ready.

scene_heading:  
INT. RENTON'S ROOM. DAY

text: The cans of soup, the bottle of water, and the carton of ice cream are
empty, the bottle of pills spilt, the magazines well thumbed.

speaker_heading: SICK BOY

dialog: You Only Live Twice?

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: Nineteen-sixty-seven.

speaker_heading: SICK BOY

dialog: Director?

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: Lewis Gilbert.

speaker_heading: SICK BOY

dialog: Screenwriter?

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: Eh - Ian Fleming?

speaker_heading: SICK BOY

dialog: Fuck off! He never wrote any of them.

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: OK, so who was it, then?

speaker_heading: SICK BOY

dialog: You can look it up.

text: Sick Boy throws across a worn copy of a film guide.
Renton cannot be bothered to pick it up.

dialog: How are you feeling since you came off the skag? For myself, I'm
     bored.

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: Who wrote it?

speaker_heading: SICK BOY

dialog: But you're looking better, it has to be said. Healthier. Radiant
     even.

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: You don't know, do you?

speaker_heading: SICK BOY

dialog: And I wondered if you'd care to go to the park tomorrow.

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: The park?

speaker_heading: SICK BOY

dialog: Tomorrow afternoon. Usual set-up.

speaker_heading: RENTON

dialog: Who wrote it?

speaker_heading: SICK BOY

dialog: Roald Dahl. Fuck me.

















































