text: In the darkness, we hear a voice, a woman's voice.  Her name
	is Evey.

speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)

dialog: "Remember, remember, the fifth of
		November, the gunpowder treason and
		plot.  I know of now reason why the
		gunpowder treason should ever be
		forgot."

text: Her voice has a strength that is metered by a calmness, a
	deep centered peace that we can feel.

speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)

dialog: Those were almost the very first
		words he spoke to me and, in a way,
		that is where this story began,
		four hundred years ago, in a cellar
		beneath the Houses of Parliament.

text: In the darkness, we find a lantern.  Guy Fawkes, a dangerous
	man who wears a goatee, is struggling with a wheelbarrow
	stacked with barrels of gunpowder.

speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)

dialog: In 1605, Guy Fawkes attempted to
		blow up the Houses of Parliament.

text: The wheelbarrow bumps over the heavy stone mortar of the
	cellar floor.  From the dark depths, we hear the sound of
	dogs.

speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)

dialog: He was caught in the cellars with
		enough gunpowder to level most of
		London.

text: 	Guy sees lanterns coming from both sides.  He tries to run as
	the dogs reach him first.  He grabs for his sword as dozens
	of pole axes pin him against the tunnel's stone wall.

speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)

dialog: Sometimes I wonder where we would
		be if he hadn't failed.  I wonder
		if it would have mattered.

text: In the dim pre-dawn light, Guy is led to the gallows.

speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)

dialog: I suppose the answer is in the
		rhyme.  More than the man, what we
		must remember is the plot itself.

text: The coarse noose of rope is snugged up to Guy's throat.  He
	looks into the crowd until he finds a face, a woman's face,
	staring up at him.

speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)

dialog: For in the plot we find more than
		just a man, we find the idea of
		that man, the spirit of that man,
		and that is what we must never
		forget.

text: The lever is thrown and the woman looks down, a tear falling
	down her face.

speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)

dialog: This, then, is the story of that
		idea, of that spirit that began
		with an anarchist's plot four
		hundred years ago.

text: Guy's body hangs in silhouette, lifeless against a red
	morning sun.

scene_heading: EXT.  CITY STREET

text: 	In the midst of a political rally for the emerging new party
	calling itself Norsefire, we find little Evey now on her
	father's shoulders.
	Dascombe, a young man, paces the podium, inciting the crowd.	

speaker_heading: DASCOMBE

dialog: The time has come, London, to
		return to a bygone age, an age of
		tradition, an age of values that
		have been disparaged and all but
		forgotten.  What this country needs
		is a leader!  A true leader to
		remind us of that age.  A righteous
		leader with the strength of his
		moral convictions to do what must
		be done.  I give you that man!  I
		give you our leader!  Adam Susan!

text: Adam Susan rises and the crowd cheers.  Evey's father looks
	at her mother and again they clasp hands.

speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)

dialog: It must have seemed so easy to
		them.  They offered such a simple
		deal; give up control and we will
		restore order.

scene_heading: INT.  SUBURBAN HOUSE

text: Little Evey is asleep in her bedroom.

speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)

dialog: At first, the arrests were
		political.  Dissidents.  Radicals. 
		Liberals.

text: A loud crash of splintering wood wakes her up.

speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)

dialog: When my parents were younger, they
		had been activists.  They had
		marched with Labor in the great
		train strike.

text: The sound of heavy boots swarms through the house.

speaker_heading: LITTLE EVEY

dialog: Mommy?

text: Her bedroom door bursts open and a heavily armed soldier
	scoops her up.
	She is carried through the dark house which is filled with
	soldiers.  On the floor of the living room, she sees her
	parents being bound with plastic zip-ties.

speaker_heading: MOTHER

dialog: My daughter!  Don't take my
		daughter!

speaker_heading: FATHER

dialog: Evey!  Evey!

speaker_heading: LITTLE EVEY

dialog: Mommy!  Daddy!

text: A heavy black hood is pulled over each of her parent's heads
	as Evey is carried out of the house.

speaker_heading: EVEY (V.O.)

dialog: I never saw them again.  Overnight,
		my life, my entire world was
		erased.



