text: THE TRAPEZE
Is eighty feet above the ground. LORELEI, 22, beautiful,
arcs through the air, her fingers catching the bar, swinging
down, arcing out.
From where he is, he can see everything.
The Hunchback is happy.

scene_heading: KENT, ENGLAND - 1851

scene_heading: EXT. THE FAIRGROUN

text: It’s a cool, gray morning. The circus is setting up; animals
are led here and there, dancers stretch, clowns practice...
The Hunchback, 20, sits outside, looking through a rip in the
tent, watching Lorelei practice on the trapeze inside.
He is dirty; pathologically so. He wears old clown clothes,
the colors worn and faded. His slouched posture and messy,
overlong hair are offset by bright, intelligent eyes.
The Hunchback notices that one of the ropes attached to the
trapeze is wearing thin. He grimaces, thinking..
WE WATCH THE
HUNCHBACK GO
ABOUT HIS DAY:
He works around the grounds, helping to set up the circus, as
well as tending to the minor aches and pains of the circus
crew; they treat him like garbage, but seem to trust his
judgment.
We witness him steal a bottle of ink, and, in between the
grunt labor, he very carefully begins to draw out an
intricate diagram.
IN A PUP TENT
The Hunchback is examining NATHANIEL, 20s, a huge circus
strongman. He’s investigating a bruise on his wrist.

speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK

dialog: Well, it’s not broken-

speaker_heading: NATHANIEL

dialog: Feels broken.

speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK

dialog: It’s not-

speaker_heading: NATHANIEL

dialog: Can I lift or not.

speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK

dialog: Master Nathaniel, it’s not that
simple-

speaker_heading: NATHANIEL

dialog: It’s that simple.

text: The Hunchback takes a beat, then brings out his diagram.

speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK

dialog: I’ve made you a diagram, of a wrist
support I could construct if-

text: Nathaniel grabs the diagram and rips it to shreds.

speaker_heading: NATHANIEL

dialog: I don’t care for any bloody
diagram. If it’s broken, I can’t
lift, if it’s not, I can.

text: The Hunchback stares at the shredded diagram.

text: NIGHT, AT THE
KITCHEN TRAILER
The whole staff of the circus is lined up for food. The
Hunchback is several times jostled out of line, forced to the
back, before finally getting his dinner.
He goes and sits alone at the edge of the fairground.
Lorelei speaks, startling him.

speaker_heading: LORELEI (0.S.)

dialog: We've been spending so much time in
cities I feel like I forgot what
the stars looked like.

speaker_heading: HUNCHBACK

dialog: You ought to spend more dinners
sitting and eating in mud alone,
gives one perspective I think.