scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM, DUPLEX - MORNING

text: A red, translucent shadow drips down a bedroom wall like weak
rain bathing EVA KACHADOURIAN, in it’s eerie glow.
Fifty years old but looking a good ten older, Eva lies in
bed, eyes open, staring blankly at the ceiling.
O.S. beep of a digital alarm clock.
She slams her hand down on the battered clock, it’s face
cracked and fixed with tape.
It’s glowing red digits read
7.30AM Thursday 26th April 2001
Disoriented, she sits up and frowns, taking in the unnatural
hue on her skin.
Fumbling for her robe, she knocks a bottle of pills from the
bedside table, they scatter noisily across the floor.

speaker_heading: EVA

dialog: Shit.

text: She drags herself out of bed and walks over to the doorway.
Feet crunching over the spilt pills.
Dazed, she wanders down the hall towards the front door,
squinting as she steps out into the bright morning light.

scene_heading: EXT. RUN DOWN DUPLEX, SUBURBAN STREET - MORNING

text: Shivering a little, she pulls her robe tight around her, she
walks a little way down the drive then turns to look at the
building.
The house looks like it’s had it’s throat slit.
It’s splattered with red paint, glistening in the sunshine as
it drips down the woodwork.
Eva surveys the scene for a moment, her face expressionless,
she shrugs tiredly and casually pads back into the house,
closing the door behind her.
BCU, SAME DIGITAL CLOCK, but brand new, it’s digits read.
7 AM THURSDAY APRIL 26th 2000.
Eva’s hand slams down on it.

scene_heading: INT. LARGE RANCH HOUSE KITCHEN - MORNING, ONE YEAR EARLIER.

text: A ticking sound as a bluish gas flame sparks up on the ring.
O.S. A man’s voice singing badly over the dull thud of a
shower.
Eva (49 but looking 10 yrs younger) plops a European style
coffee pot on top of the range and picks up a spatula,
flipping a piece of french toast that’s sizzling in a pan.

speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL (0.S.)

dialog: No slime Mommy!

speaker_heading: EVA

dialog: OK Celie, no slime!

text: She presses the toast firmly into the pan making sure it’s
crisp before flicking it expertly onto a plate.

scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER.

text: Viewed from behind. The white blonde hair of CELIA 7, sat at
the kitchen table.
EVA leans in towards her face making dabbing motions with a
little sponge.
Celia’s feet kicking under the table. She whines and wriggles
but tries hard to stay still.

speaker_heading: CELIA

dialog: Daddy’s happy, he’s singing.

speaker_heading: EVA

dialog: You could call it that...

text: Eva drops the sponge in the bowl and wipes her hands.

speaker_heading: EVA

dialog: There’s a brave girl. See that’s
better, not so sticky now.

speaker_heading: CELIA

dialog: No, Not so sticky!

text: Celia throws her arms round Eva’s neck.
Eva smiles but her eyes are welling up.
REVERSE ON CELIA;
A delicate innocent face. ONE EYE BLANK LOOKING, PROSTHETIC,
stares eerily ahead.
Eva extricates herself from Celia’s tight hug and turns back
to the stove brushing her eyes.

speaker_heading: EVA

dialog: Now... eat your breakfast honey.

speaker_heading: CELIA

dialog: Daddy!..

text: FRANKLIN (Good looking, muscular 40’s) bounds into the
kitchen in a buoyant mood. He kisses the top of Celia’s head
and whistling, heads for the coffee pot.

speaker_heading: FRANKLIN

dialog: (to Eva)
Morning.

speaker_heading: EVA

dialog: (without looking up)
Morning.

text: His hand brushes against Eva’s over the stove. An awkward
moment, something unspoken in their eyes. Franklin pulls away
gingerly.
