dialog: 
speaker_heading: BLACK RAIN
dialog: by
dialog: Craig Bolotin
dialog: &amp;
dialog: Warren Lewis
dialog: November 1987
scene_heading: A BLACK SCREEN:
text: Various voices:	 "Big six"... "That's six the hard way"...
dialog: "Seven or eleven"... "Play two"...
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. UPPER EAST SIDE - NEW YORK CITY - NIGHT
text: One of the pristine blocks of brownstones where even the
text: garbage seems gift wrapped. The VOICES continue over as
text: we move in on a particular building where a DOORMAN is
text: holding open the door for a dowager and her poodle.
text: The voices continue: "Hit me"... "Double down"... "Let it
text: ride"... "Hit me"... "Anymore for the come out"...
dialog: "Card"...
text: In contrast to the outside of this sedate, quiet
dialog: brownstone, we go inside to find...
scene_heading: INT. BROWNSTONE APARTMENT
text: ... a miniature Las Vegas, complete with music, drinks,
text: tuxedoed dealers and croupiers: roulette, craps, Black
dialog: Jack. Wall to wall people. The fact that casino gambling
dialog: happens to be illegal in New York doesn't stop these
text: Connecticut slummers, hollow-cheek nightlifers, and junior
text: wiseguys from having a good time.
text: AT THE CARD TABLE
text: NICK CONKLIN, holding a dollar cigar, is trying to pull a
text: winning hand. In his late thirties, Nick has the sort of
text: quiet good looks that takes an extra glance to appreciate.
text: His Moe Ginsburg rent-a-tux is too tight, his ruffled
dialog: shirt, out of date; Nick could care less.
text: Two other players are still in the game. One of them is a
text: lithe DEBUTANTE surrounded by an entourage of giggling
text: friends and tuxedoed men. The pot is huge.
text: Nick flips two one hundred dollar chips onto the pot.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: One, and one on top.
speaker_heading: DEALER
text: House sees.
speaker_heading: PLAYER ONE
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: I'm out.
text: Disgusted, he throws down his cards.
text: It's down to Nick and the debutante. The cocky deb gives
text: Nick a long look, confident she can win.
speaker_heading: DEBUTANTE
text: (her eyes still on
dialog: Nick)
dialog: I see the deuce, and one to chase
dialog: them home.
text: She throws her chips on the pot. Nick hesitates, then
text: decides to match it.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Call.
speaker_heading: DEBUTANTE
dialog: (showing her hand)
dialog: Ladies, aces wired. Sorry sport.
text: Nick turns over his cards, Jacks and tens, not good enough
text: to win. Elated, the deb gets up from the table and joins
text: her giggling friends. Nick walks over to her.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Very nice, Barbie.
text: (pointing toward her
dialog: boyfriend)
dialog: Now, I'd take Ken over there and go
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: DEBUTANTE
dialog: Why's that?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It's time. That's all.
speaker_heading: BOYFRIEND
dialog: The lady wants to play. Someone
dialog: should teach you to be a better
dialog: loser, loser.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Listen, Ken --
speaker_heading: BOYFRIEND
dialog: My name is not Ken --
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: -- I'm offering you the benefit of
dialog: my experience.
speaker_heading: DEBUTANTE
dialog: Looks like you have a lot of
dialog: experience in places like this. It
dialog: was nice of them to relax the dress
dialog: code for you.
text: That draws a laugh from her friends. The entourage heads
dialog: for the bar.
text: CHARLIE SKLOARIS, twenty-three, steps in front of the
text: debutante, blocking her path.
text: She steps to the side. Charlie steps with her. Charlie's
text: pushing it, he's always pushing it. She's not amused.
text: Finally, Charlie lets her pass. He comes up to Nick.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Typical New York woman, big
dialog: attitude, small apartment, no tits.
dialog: Only two things count to Charlie: his job and his women,
dialog: but not necessarily in that order.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I think she got to you, pappy.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (checking his watch)
dialog: You want a popsicle, go to Good
dialog: Humor. And don't call me 'pappy.'
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (glancing at the
dialog: door)
dialog: Still, you gotta wonder how she'd
text: look in handcuffs.
text: Nick, wary, eyes this kid. Charlie shrugs, spreads his
text: arms defensively. The SOUND of pounding on the front
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: THE DOOR
text: splinters. The bouncer steps back as four helmeted
dialog: emergency service officers -- the first members of the
text: raiding party -- rush in.
text: Pandemonium. People rush for the exit -- any exit.
speaker_heading: AT THE BAR
text: Nick and Charlie hold up their glasses.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Alley oop.
text: They down their drinks, then set them down.
text: Charlie pulls out the Binaca, offering Nick a spritz, but
text: Nick is already pulling out his POLICE BADGE and hanging
text: it around his neck. Charlie quickly follows suit.
scene_heading: A HALF DOZEN COPS
text: line the patrons up against the wall. The Asst. D.A.,
text: PATTY ZACHARA, climbs onto the crap table. A petite,
text: nervous woman, Patty has dressed in a Channel suit for the
dialog: occasion.
speaker_heading: ZACHARA
dialog: Settle down. Hey, quiet... Please.
dialog: Not a prayer.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: SHUT THE HELL UP, GODDAMNIT!
text: That quiets them.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: My name is Conklin. Let's do this
dialog: fast so I can go home.
text: Zachara, annoyed, looks at Nick.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (softer)
dialog: It's all yours.
speaker_heading: ZACHARA
dialog: (reads)
dialog: Under section 216 of the New York
dialog: State Penal code, I serve notice
dialog: that this premise and it's
dialog: occupants...
speaker_heading: NICK
text: catches the Debutante's eye across the room. She smiles
text: at him, he was right. He shrugs, spreads his hands.
dialog: That's life.
dialog: A well groomed middle aged man, who we'll come to know as
text: CAVELLO, suddenly bolts from the crowd lined up against
text: the wall.
text: Charlie spins around to stop him --
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Whoa -- where do you think you're
text: going, hotdog.
text: Cavello butts him with his head, sending Charlie to the
text: floor. Then, crosses his arms in front of his face and
text: plunges through the WINDOW.
text: Nick, not missing a beat, gives a small sigh as he
text: follows.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Fabulous...
text: He takes off after him.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET UPPER EAST SIDE - NIGHT
text: Nick, short of breath, chases Cavello down the residential
text: street, past the dog-walkers, past the doormen, past the
text: fur-coated women climbing out of taxies... Unfortunately,
text: Cavello has a good half block on him.
text: From nowhere, Charlie blasts past leaving Nick a half
text: block behind, silently cursing his age.
speaker_heading: AT THE CORNER
text: a limo jerks to a halt, and Cavello jumps in. The limo
text: streaks away.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: turns to see Nick, hands on knees, gasping for air.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM - TWO EIGHT PRECINCT - NIGHT
text: Now in their street clothes, Charlie and Nick stand in
text: front of the mirrors. Charlie is working his brush and
text: hair dryer as if his life depended on it. Nick, in
text: contrast, shoves his hair back with his fingers and
text: glowers at himself in the mirror.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (over the dryer)
dialog: ... It's not like you were slow or
dialog: anything... I think you did just
dialog: fine. I think you did great.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Thanks.
text: Nick turns to leave.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey, hey, where you goin'?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Home.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: Nick strides out the door. Charlie hurries after him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Wait up. You know the guy who did
text: the Weismuller through the window --
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: -- Cavello. Ronnie Cavello.
text: Charlie trails Nick to his motorcycle: a Harley hog
text: complete with wide gleaming fenders and twin tanks. The
text: bike is held together with tape and baling wire.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You know him?
text: Nick tries to kick-start this behemoth, but it's not easy.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: He works for Frank Abolofia.
dialog: Atlantic City. Casinos.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: So why dive through the glass for a
dialog: nickel and dime bust?
text: Charlie puts his foot up on Nick's fender to tie his shoe.
text: Nick, spotting an ankle holster peeking from Charlie's
text: sock, grabs Charlie's foot. Charlie teeters.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Let go...
text: Nick pulls out a Beretta 32.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Back-up.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Get rid of it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It's not regulation. And the only
dialog: way you're gonna stop anybody with
dialog: it is to show it to him, and while
dialog: he's laughing, you can shove it down
text: his throat.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: (looking at Nick's
dialog: bike)
dialog: I'll get rid of it when you get rid
text: of the egg-beater.
text: The Harley comes to life spitting a cloud of blue smoke.
text: Nick puts on his paint-flecked helmet, slides down some
text: ski goggles.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Nick, let's go hunting. Bag
dialog: Cavello.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Charlie...
text: Nick pops the bike into gear.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: ... You still got shaving cream on
dialog: your ear.
text: Nick rolls out and disappears in a haze of blue smoke.
scene_heading: EXT. BELT PARKWAY - VERRAZANO BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: WE FIND Nick, a lonely, solitary figure bobbing in and out
text: of the lights and shadows. The SOUND of wind whips
text: through his helmet; cold air stings his cheeks... The tail
text: lights of Nick's bike disappear into the night.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - STATEN ISLAND - NIGHT
text: Civil service heaven. Nick hits the cut switch and glides
text: past the manicured lawns and well kept houses of this
text: development. A basketball net in every driveway, a Buick
dialog: or Chrysler in every garage.
text: One house sticks out. The lawn is brown, paint is peeling
text: off the garage door and newspapers are scattered on the
text: driveway. Nick glides once around the cul de sac looking
text: at the house. His house. It's as inviting as an open
text: grave. He shoots away.
scene_heading: INT. EL GRECO DINER - STATEN ISLAND - NIGHT
text: A hanger sized roadhouse, wall to wall red velvet.
text: Nick's the sole figure at the counter, coffee and the
text: Daily News in front of him. A NURSE walks in and sits
text: down a half dozen seats away. Nick look up.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Short shift?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: Yeah... I came to save you. If
dialog: you're hopeless, I'll pull the plug.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CONNIE'S APARTMENT - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Nick and Connie are in bed. They're both looking up at
text: the ceiling. They've just made love.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: It's getting too cold even for me,
dialog: Nick.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Connie...
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: All right, how's the new partner?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: High spirits, desire, commitment.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: You'll take care of that.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Give me a break, would you?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: If you give me one.
text: Nick kisses her. The first suggestion of real affection.
text: The SOUND of someone KNOCKING on the door. Reluctantly,
text: they stop. Connie gets up and puts on her robe.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Are you expecting anyone?
speaker_heading: CONNIE
dialog: I wasn't expecting you.
text: She disappears down the hallway. We HEAR the door open,
text: then telling someone to wait.
speaker_heading: CONNIE
text: (poking her head in
dialog: the room)
text: Imagine a small, greasy Boy Scout.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CONNIE'S APARTMENT
text: Nick, wearing only his pants, is doing a slow burn.
text: Charlie is holding his hands up defensively.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: ... I found the goombah... Cavello.
dialog: He's --
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: -- I should tear your head off.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Whoa, I knew you were going to say
dialog: that. I absolutely anticipated
dialog: that, Nick. But I said to myself,
dialog: Charlie, Charlie, we can move up on
dialog: this, so go find Nicklaus... He'll
text: be pissed for a moment, but then
dialog: it'll dawn on him --
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: -- Hey, I got a better chance of
text: being hit by a bus then moving up.
text: Charlie looks away momentarily, letting it slide. He
text: knows he's on sensitive ground.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: ... Look... they told me at the
dialog: Greek's you were here. I'm sorry, I
dialog: never imagined...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (buddy buddy)
dialog: I like her. She's nice.
dialog: (lowering his voice)
dialog: For her age.
text: The bedroom door opens. Connie enters, dumps Nick's
text: clothes on the couch, tosses his gun on top of the pile.
text: Without a word, she goes back inside and slams the door
text: behind her.
text: Nick, pissed, slowly turns to face Charlie. Charlie
text: shrugs. Nick's got nothing better to do than go.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIME HOUSE - CHINATOWN - NIGHT
text: The Lime House is a little piece of Italy in the heart of
dialog: Chinatown, and tonight, it's packed. Any selection on the
text: jukebox that isn't Frank Sinatra is Jerry Vale. Behind
text: the bar are two fat BROTHERS. One pours drinks, the other
text: dishes out Scungilli. It's three a.m. It's always three
text: a.m. at the Lime House.
text: AT THE BACK TABLE
text: Our man CAVELLO is unloading steaming Scungilli onto an
text: already heaping plate in front of an imperious looking
text: JAPANESE MAN. The Japanese Man, in his mid-fifties, wears
text: a gray suit, and not a strand of his jet black hair is out
dialog: of place.
text: A Japanese TRANSLATOR, doing his best to translate
text: Cavello's heavily accented English, sits between them.
speaker_heading: AT THE BAR
text: Charlie is looking straight ahead, afraid Cavello might
text: peg him. Nick is at ease.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What are they doing now?
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Eating Scungilli, just like the last
dialog: time you asked.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Who do you think the Jap is?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Maybe Cavello's buying a Subaru.
dialog: How would I know?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don't blame you for being sore.
dialog: It'll pass when we bag him.
text: Charlie, trying to relax, gestures toward his foot.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Whatdaya think? 'Bostonians'.
dialog: Eighty-five bucks.
dialog: (lowering his voice)
dialog: Girls go for shoes. Second place
dialog: they look.
dialog: (off Nick's
dialog: reaction)
dialog: Hey, I read it in a magazine.
text: Nick's attention is drawn to a trio walking in the door.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (dead serious)
dialog: Charlie, don't do anything. Promise
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What?
text: WHAT THEY SEE: TWO BODYGUARDS are making a quick sweep of
text: the bar. FRANK ABOLOFIA, s stocky man with silver grey
text: hair, sweeps in behind them. Abolofia has mitts like a
text: meat packer and a fifty dollar manicure. A heavyweight
dialog: Mafioso.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Frank Abolofia.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: The Wolf?
text: Abolofia walks to Cavello's table. All rise and shake
text: hands. The two hitters take seats at the bar. The two
text: brothers scramble to serve their distinguished guests.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (in a whisper)
dialog: Some party.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Maybe we should do something?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Charlie, take your gum, stick it
dialog: under your ass and keep it warm.
text: Nick turns away, resumes his drink.
text: NICK'S POV IN THE MIRROR BEHIND THE BAR: two new Japanese
text: men step in the door. Early twenties, spiky hair, dark
dialog: Versace suits.
speaker_heading: NUMBER ONE
text: wears tortoise shell shades. He coolly checks out the
text: room then nods to --
speaker_heading: NUMBER TWO
text: who pulls a Spas 12, automatic shotgun from under his
text: coat, and spits out three rounds. A window shatters.
text: Everyone hits the floor.
speaker_heading: NUMBER ONE
text: slowly walks toward Cavello's table.
speaker_heading: NUMBER TWO
text: covers the floor. Abolofia's bodyguards show their empty
dialog: hands.
scene_heading: NICK AND CHARLIE
dialog: on the floor. They don't have the artillery for this guy
dialog: either.
text: AT THE TABLE
dialog: Our Japanese businessman knows these people. He eyes them
text: contemptuously.
dialog: Abolofia has put enough people in this situation to be
text: philosophical about it. He stops chewing. A tiny
text: hand motion to his bodyguards is enough to stop any
text: precipitous action.
speaker_heading: NUMBER ONE
dialog: (in Japanese)
dialog: Give it to me.
text: The Japanese businessman looking straight ahead. A long,
text: silent pause... Then, still not facing him:
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: (in Japanese)
dialog: Go to hell.
text: Number One slips his fingers beneath his shades, massaging
text: his eyes. IN A FLASH, he pulls a shuto from under his
text: coat. The 18 inch blade gleams like a neon tube.
text: He presses the tip of the blade against the businessman's
dialog: throat.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: his hand close around the grip of the Beretta. He unsnaps
text: the ankle holster. The SNAP can be heard across the room.
text: Nick's hand closes around Charlie's and squeezes till the
text: knuckles turn white.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (in a whisper)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Saving your life.
speaker_heading: NUMBER TWO
text: levels the scattergun at Nick and Charlie.
scene_heading: AT THE TABLE - NUMBER ONE
text: calmly holds the blade at the man's throat as he reaches
text: into the man's jacket and removes a small, rectangular,
text: plastic-wrapped parcel.
text: He feels its weight, then flips it to NUMBER TWO.
text: Abolofia, realizing that whatever is going on doesn't
text: affect him or his, resumes eating.
speaker_heading: ABOLOFIA
dialog: You people are wild... Wild.
text: NUMBER ONE backs the blade off. The man raises his napkin
text: to the small wound. A droplet of blood has stained his
text: shirt collar. NUMBER ONE turns around as if to leave.
text: What happens next could be a whim, an after thought.
text: Number One spins around and THRUSTS the blade deep into
text: the man's chest. He withdraws it with a half twist, and
text: in the same motion fatally slashes the translator's throat
text: before the old man's body hits the floor.
text: Blood pours from the businessman's mouth onto his
text: Scungilli, spreading across the white cloth and onto the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: CAVELLO
text: reaches for a gun under his coat. But NUMBER TWO pumps
text: two rounds into his face. At this range, there's not much
dialog: left.
text: The killers slowly back out the door, covering the room
text: with the scattergun. The minute the door shuts, Nick
text: leaps up, pulling his shield and revolver.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Police officers. Everybody stay
dialog: put.
dialog: (to Charlie)
dialog: Get back up.
text: Abolofia's eyebrows rise at this development.
text: Nick bolts out the door leaving Charlie in charge. He's
dialog: never been in charge before.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (nervously showing
dialog: shield)
dialog: Police.
scene_heading: EXT. THE LIME HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A Lincoln tears around the corner to pick the killers up.
text: Nick flies out the Lime House door and hits the ground.
text: Number Two pumps out shells as fast as he can squeeze the
text: trigger. He's wild. The front windows of the Lime House
text: shatter.
text: The LIMO DRIVER jerks to a halt. Number Two tosses the
text: package to him.
text: Nick empties his revolver. Number Two goes down.
text: The driver floors the accelerator, leaving Number One to
text: take off on foot. Nick follows, reloading as he runs.
scene_heading: INT. THE LIME HOUSE
text: Everyone's frozen on the floor.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Call 911. Tell them an officer
dialog: needs assistance. Say ten thirteen.
text: Nothing from the owner who looks at Abolofia. Charlie
text: grabs the owner by his collar and shoves him toward the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Do it, you dumb bastard!
text: Suddenly Charlie feels something wet at his feet. He
text: looks down to see that he's standing in a pool of blood
text: from the massacre. So much for his new shoes.
text: He wheels around, then quickly backs out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DOWN THE BLOCK FROM THE LIME HOUSE
text: Deserted. The wail of police sirens in the distance.
text: Charlie has his gun out. He's drenched in sweat. Where
dialog: is his partner?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: NICK...! Shit... SHIT!!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ANOTHER STREET - ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Nick, gun drawn, slowly rounds the corner to the alley:
text: it's the ad hoc drugstore for the night. Drugs going up
text: and down in pails, two dozen junkies buying, shooting,
text: slumped on the ground. Everyone scatters -- the one's
dialog: that can.
scene_heading: AN ABANDONED PAIL
text: swings slowly back and forth from three stories up. Nick
text: cautiously moves down the alley, holding the gun in both
text: hands. A Junkie steps out of a doorway, Nick swings his
text: gun and nearly blows him away.
speaker_heading: NUMBER ONE
text: We see his eyes first as he steps out of the darkness at
text: the back of the alley. From now on we'll call him KOBO.
text: His sunglasses are on his forehead; his hands dropped
text: casually at his side. A very cool character.
text: Kobo slowly raises his hand, and making a gun with his
text: finger, slowly points and "shoots" at Nick... He lowers
text: his hand.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: On the ground, man. NOW!!
text: Kobo cups his hands around his ear. He doesn't understand
text: English. Nick, keeping his gun fixed, comes up to him and
text: kicks out his legs.
text: Kobo falls flat on his chest.
text: Nick pulls out his cuffs. But Kobo lunges for Nick's
text: ankle and yanks it toward him. Nick stumbles backward;
text: Kobo's on his feet. Before Nick can stand, Kobo lands a
text: brutal kick to the side of Nick's head.
text: Nick gets up, barrels into him. Kobo knees Nick in the
text: solar plexus, then lands two more well placed kicks in
dialog: Nick's back. It's not that Nick's a bad fighter, it's
dialog: that this kid is so damn fast.
text: Nick slowly gets to his feet. KOBO lands two more brutal
text: shots to the side of Nick's head. He's a bloody mess.
speaker_heading: TWO POLICE CARS
text: stop at the end of the alley. FOUR OFFICERS climb out.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: joins the cops as they run down the alley to find Nick
text: getting pummeled.
text: Charlie shoots at Kobo. Misses. Kobo turns to see the
text: five cops, guns drawn.
text: Nick, on one knee, spits out blood and a few teeth.
text: Kobo calmly slips the shuto out of his coat pocket and
text: drops it next to Nick. The blade gleams in the light.
dialog: That was next. Nick got lucky.
text: Kobo towers imperiously above Nick. Their eyes lock. We
dialog: hold then...
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: NICK'S LIVING ROOM - STATEN ISLAND - MORNING
text: There isn't a stick of furniture, but that's not the half
text: of it. In the middle of the room is a motorcycle on a
text: centerstand. A drop cloth is spread around it, tools
text: neatly aligned. It's a Harley -- but this one is in
dialog: perfect condition.
text: A phone RINGS insistently from off screen, then stops.
speaker_heading: NICK (O.S.)
dialog: Yeah... sure, sure I'll be down.
text: Nick walks in, naked. Every muscle aches. One side of
text: his face is completely swollen. He has a band-aid over
text: his right eye; some blood caked on his earlobe. He stops
text: to twist a spark plug in with a ratchet, but it snaps.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EIGHT - THREE PRECINCT - DAY
text: CAPT. OLIVER, early forties, walks between Charlie and
text: Nick as they head toward the Medical Examiner's room.
text: Oliver doesn't face Nick as he speaks; no love lost
dialog: between these two.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: How big a package we talking about?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (holding up his
dialog: hands)
dialog: This by this...
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Dope?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Not in that company.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: The old man was a Japanese paper
dialog: manufacturer. Hotel room and rental
dialog: car were full of it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Full of what?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (annoyed)
text: Art and stationary paper. Cavello
dialog: had five hundred thousand in his
dialog: attache case.
text: Nick rubs the back of his neck in obvious pain.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: One guy do all the damage?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Thought you knew your way around
text: dark alleys, detective.
text: Oliver goes through the swinging doors into the Examiner's
text: room. Charlie shoots Nick a look. Nick let's it slide.
scene_heading: INT. MEDICAL EXAMINATION ROOM
text: A TECHIE is showing the night's harvest to Charlie, Nick
text: and Oliver. They're standing over the body of the middle-
text: aged Japanese man.
speaker_heading: TECHIE
text: ... The old man's suit was Japanese.
dialog: The hitter's was Saville row. No
dialog: I.D. We're doing a peel now.
scene_heading: AT ANOTHER TABLE
text: Another techie is carefully removing the skin from Number
text: Two's fingertips.
text: Charlie shuts his eyes and turns away, trying not to throw
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: TECHIE
dialog: There's something you got to see.
text: He whips back the sheet, the body is nude. A towel covers
text: the genitals. Except for the feet, hands, neck, and face,
text: the body is covered with elaborate tattoos: flowers and
text: blood, dragons and snakes.
speaker_heading: TECHIE
dialog: What's wrong with this picture?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (nervously)
text: I got a tattoo. Birdie on the ball.
dialog: We all got them when we finished
dialog: basic at Camp Lejune.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Charlie.
speaker_heading: TECHIE
dialog: I thought you guys were trained
dialog: observers?
text: They look up surprised. The techie picks up a hand. The
text: third and forth fingers have been neatly amputated.
speaker_heading: TECHIE
text: Eight fingers.
dialog: (ironically)
dialog: Hey, it was a trick question.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM
text: ABOLOFIA is seated in chair next to his LAWYER. Nick,
text: Oliver, and a third detective are grilling him.
speaker_heading: ABOLOFIA
dialog: He was with a friend, sure. I shake
dialog: hands with the guy and a minute
dialog: later he's bleeding all over my
dialog: socks.
speaker_heading: ATTORNEY
dialog: Will that do officers? My client
dialog: has had a terrible shock.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah, he's not used to seeing other
dialog: people do the killing.
speaker_heading: ATTORNEY
dialog: I won't tolerate harassment!
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: What about the package?
speaker_heading: ATTORNEY
dialog: We know nothing about it.
text: Silence. Abolofia looks at Nick, then at Oliver.
speaker_heading: ABOLOFIA
dialog: Hard to believe a trained police
dialog: officer could let this kind of thing
text: happen right in front of his face.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I did make a mistake. I let the
dialog: wrong guy get hit.
text: Abolofia doesn't blink an eye, goes for the jugular.
speaker_heading: ABOLOFIA
dialog: Cheer up, Nick. I'm sure it's
text: easier to pick a dead man's pocket.
text: Nick springs from his feet. Oliver grabs Nick before he
dialog: can get close to Abolofia.
speaker_heading: ATTORNEY
dialog: That's it, we're through!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: KOBO
text: the Japanese killer who smashed in Nick's face last night.
text: He's sitting in an interrogation room an hour later with a
text: DETECTIVE and a JAPANESE TRANSLATOR. He won't talk.
scene_heading: OBSERVATION ROOM
text: Nick and Oliver watching through the glass.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Doesn't speak a word of English.
dialog: And he won't speak Japanese either.
dialog: No papers. The Japanese embassy is
dialog: very interested.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: He's wanted in Japan. They want him
dialog: first. Then we can have him.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What?
text: Oliver nods. That's the way it is.
speaker_heading: ON KOBO
text: he turns and looks at Nick. He can't possibly see him
text: through the one way glass but he knows Nick's there.
speaker_heading: ON NICK
text: looking at him.
speaker_heading: ON KOBO
text: making a cutting mark across his forehead, right where
text: Nick's bandage is. It's uncanny.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. OLIVER'S OFFICE - LATER
text: Nick is sitting in front of Oliver's desk. The sunlight
text: makes him wince; wincing makes his face hurt.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Japanese embassy talks to state
text: department. State talks to police
dialog: plaza. They to me and me to you.
text: Shit rolls down hill.
text: Oliver drops a file folder on the desk. Nick opens it:
text: petty cash, vouchers and plane tickets.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: You and Charlie are taking the Jap
dialog: home, tonight.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What...? What if I say no?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Check your gun before you leave.
dialog: They're not allowed in Japan. It's
dialog: a nice, safe country.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Why me?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: They said send a detective if I
dialog: could spare one.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I can always spare you.
text: Nick bridles at the insult. Oliver's had a hard-on for
dialog: Nick for years, and Nick's tired of it.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (soft)
dialog: You got something to say to me,
dialog: Captain?
text: Oliver doesn't want to get into it.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Yeah. Have a wonderful flight.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE ORANGE SUN
text: on the tail of a Japan Airlines 747. A driving rain
text: storm. The plane taxies down the runway and disappears
text: into the black rain.
scene_heading: INT. AIRLINER
text: Kobo, handcuffed and shackled, is in the center seat.
text: Nick and Charlie sit on either side. Charlie is holding
text: "Bachelors Japan" in one hand. Nick's in a sour mood.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: ... Nick, you're the one that's
dialog: always saying you never go anywhere.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I was thinking the Poconos, Charlie.
dialog: Maybe Vegas.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What are you missing? Riding your
text: motorcycle to the nurse's house.
dialog: That shit is sadder than Ethiopia.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Beats forty hours on a plane.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: They say we got to turn around and
dialog: come right back. That's what they
dialog: say. I got a plan.
text: The last thing Nick wants to hear -- too late.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I call, right? I say I got the
dialog: dreaded thirty six-hour Asian shits
dialog: from some raw clam and we stretch it
dialog: into three days. You and I become a
dialog: driving force on the local Geisha
dialog: scene.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Not a prayer.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Hey, come on, big guy like you, cop
dialog: from New York. You're gonna be the
dialog: biggest thing to hit town since
dialog: Godzilla.
text: Nick can't help but smile at this kid. Charlie looks down
dialog: at the guide book.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Says here, it's very impolite to
dialog: touch someone while you're talking
dialog: to them...
dialog: (nudges Kobo)
dialog: Guess that means you can't talk and
dialog: screw at the same time, huh, hotdog?
dialog: What's the matter, no -- speaky-the-
dialog: language? Understand this: You
dialog: will never ever fuck with my partner
dialog: again.
text: Nothing from Kobo who is looking straight ahead. He
dialog: doesn't understand.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Shut-up, Charlie.
text: A beat, then Charlie reads a Japanese phrase from the
text: book. A slight facial response from Kobo. Charlie tries
text: it again. This time Kobo laughs openly.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What'd you say?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Where is the subway station, please.
text: Kobo keeps laughing; it's obviously not what Charlie said.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Get a new book.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AIRLINER - LATER
text: The cabin is now darkened. Kobo and Nick are asleep. Not
text: Charlie, he's still at his book, and listening to U2 on
text: his Walkman. Nick rolls over and opens his eyes to see
text: Charlie watching him. He shuts them hoping to avoid talk.
dialog: Too late.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Nick... You up?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No.
text: Charlie removes his headphones.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Nick, have I been a good partner?
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Number five with a bullet.
text: Nick shuts his eyes.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I just want you to know... I mean
dialog: anybody who says you ever took has
dialog: got to deal with me.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Go to sleep, Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You didn't take, did you...? You
dialog: hear things.
text: Nick opens his eyes.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I worked the three nine in Queens,
dialog: Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: I didn't know.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: The lieutenant was on the pad along
dialog: with the rest of the squad. I was
dialog: new, didn't know shit. When the
dialog: feathers flew, I got called in front
dialog: of the special prosecutor. It's on
dialog: the top of my personnel file. They
dialog: think I'm dirty or I cut a deal.
dialog: Doesn't leave you with a lot of
dialog: friends either way.
text: Nick shuts his eyes.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I might as well have done something.
dialog: I've been paying for it every
dialog: goddamn day since I got
dialog: transferred...
text: HOLD on Nick then...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NARITA AIRPORT - JAPAN - DAY
text: Nick and Charlie, with Kobo between them, are a strange
text: sight in a sea of Japanese faces. Kobo's hands are cuffed
text: behind his back. Nick also has Kobo cuffed to his wrist.
text: The cops are rumpled, exhausted, showing two days of
text: stubble. Kobo looks sharp and wide awake.
text: A pair of attractive teenage girls walks past them.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Whoa. Nick, we're in paradise.
speaker_heading: A PAIR
text: of white gloved hands belonging to a Tokyo police officer
text: holds up a small, hand letter sign that says:
text: CONKLIN/SKLOARIS. The man holding the sign is NAGASHIMA.
text: Two other police officers in spotless tan uniforms stand
text: at his side.
text: Nick, holding Kobo by his arm, steps up to the police and
text: show his I.D. Nagashima bows.
speaker_heading: NAGASHIMA
dialog: Officers Conklin and -- and...
dialog: (he can't say
dialog: Charlie's name)
dialog: ... gentlemen, welcome. I am
dialog: assistant inspector Nagashima.
dialog: They show their I.D.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You going to take this crap off our
dialog: hands?
speaker_heading: NAGASHIMA
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Crap...? Oh, the prisoner. Yes.
text: He barks some orders to the officers who immediately take
text: Kobo by the arms and put cuffs on him. Nick unfastens
text: his cuff when they're through.
text: In contrast to Nagashima's gentility, the cops are rough
text: with the prisoner.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (extends his hand)
dialog: Charlie. Kon-ich-iwa.
text: Nagashima shakes his hand. Bows. Charlie bows back.
dialog: Nick wouldn't bow if his life depended on it. Nagashima
text: hands Nick an official looking document.
speaker_heading: NAGASHIMA
dialog: If you will please give this to the
dialog: customs inspector he will expidate
dialog: -- expedite you. We have a car and
text: a driver outside.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (bows)
dialog: Arigato.
text: Nick grabs Charlie by the arm and starts for the customs
dialog: line.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Givin' you a book is like givin' a
dialog: baby a gun.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey, when in Rome --
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: In Rome, I'll bow.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CUSTOMS BOOTH - DAY
text: NICK and CHARLIE make their way through the crowd toward
text: the head of a long line. They dump their bags on the
text: counter. The INSPECTOR, furious that they have taken cuts
text: in line, barks at them in Japanese.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Inspector Nagashima told me to give
dialog: you this.
text: He hands the Inspector the official looking document. The
text: Inspector scans the paper. Hands it back to them.
speaker_heading: INSPECTOR
dialog: (broken English)
dialog: You must get in line behind the
dialog: rest.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: We're cops. Pol-ice-men.
text: The Inspector signals a nearby POLICEMAN. The Inspector
text: says something in Japanese. Hands the policeman the
text: document. The policeman shakes his head, amused, points
text: to the end of the line.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Fellas, get serious.
text: From off screen someone CALLS OUT:
speaker_heading: MAN (O.S.)
dialog: Nick!
text: Nick and Charlie turn to see KOBO, their prisoner,
text: standing on the other side of the thick plastic divider.
text: The handcuffs are off. The three alleged 'policemen' are
text: heading out the door behind him. It was a set-up: Nick
dialog: and Charlie have been had.
speaker_heading: KOBO
dialog: (perfect English)
dialog: Thanks for the ride, detective.
text: He slowly backs away from the glass as if he had all the
text: time in the world, finally disappearing in the crowd.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: NICK AND CHARLIE
text: trying to shove past the customs inspectors who are
text: wrestling them aside.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Cops! He's our prisoner!
text: Two more policemen arrive. Nick and Charlie are thrown up
text: against the wall. Out come the cuffs. SNAP!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What's going on? We're the good
dialog: guys!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TOKYO POLICE HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Fifty identical desks. Fifty identical phones. Fifty
text: identically dressed men in white shirts and ties working
text: under the fluorescent lights of this large open room.
text: We GLIDE PAST the rows of desk to find INSPECTOR OHASHI,
text: mid forties, sitting behind a perfectly arranged desk.
text: Ohashi prides himself on order.
text: Nick and Charlie are standing in front of him.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Get me something like an Identi-Kit
dialog: and I'll give you a description.
text: Ohashi remains poker faced. He continues to arrange
text: papers and apply his hanko (personal seal) to the bottom
text: of a stack of official papers.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: There must be some witnesses from
dialog: the airport?
dialog: Still nothing from the good inspector.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What is it, tea time?
text: Still nothing from Ohashi. Finally:
speaker_heading: OHASHI
dialog: (quiet rage)
dialog: You lost a man we wanted for some
dialog: time. It was very incompetent on
dialog: your part, officer.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Incompetent is letting people waltz
dialog: through a secure area wearing your
text: uniforms, carrying official
dialog: documents.
text: Ohashi bows slightly, we're not sure why.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I want a gun.
speaker_heading: OHASHI
dialog: It is not allowed.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: We're police officers.
speaker_heading: OHASHI
dialog: You're foreigners.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Work with me. I want your best
dialog: detective.
text: Pause. Ohashi returns to his papers. Nick can't believe
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Hey, inspector, I don't intend to
dialog: take the rap for this.
speaker_heading: OHASHI
dialog: (not looking up)
dialog: Do you know what this is?
text: Ohashi holds up the document that was handed to Nick at
dialog: the airport.
speaker_heading: OHASHI
dialog: It's a laundry list. Go home,
dialog: detective.
text: Nick studies him for a beat, then turns away. To Charlie:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Let's go.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Nick, we can't just --
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I said let's go, Charlie.
text: Reluctantly they head towards the door, passing long rows
text: of bureaucrats, telephones ringing off the hook. Nick
text: stops at the door, spots a fuse box nearby. He glances
text: back to make sure no one is looking.
text: Nick pulls out his handcuffs. Charlie can't figure out
text: what the hell he's doing. Nick attaches one cuff to the
text: main lever then yanks it down.
text: The lights go out. The fan's stop; so do the typewriters;
text: so does the air conditioning. Dead silence.
text: Nick attaches the other cuff to a pipe, snaps it shut.
text: Now it's impossible to left the main lever.
text: From the far end of the room:
speaker_heading: OHASHI
dialog: What are you doing?!
text: Nick drops the key down the water fountain drain.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Your best detective, Ohashi.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE STATION - DAY
text: Nick and Charlie cross the street. Charlie's trying to
text: read the name from the piece of paper Ohashi has given
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: ... Detective Ich-iro Matsu-moto.
dialog: Hey, we're getting Mr. Moto on our
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Let's grab some food.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: First decent idea you've had.
text: Charlie pulls out his 'Footloose in Tokyo" book, flips
text: through the pages.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Food... Food, here we go. Tokyo
dialog: offers a wide variety of food. It's
dialog: best to sample the local
dialog: specialties, including sashaimi,
dialog: soba, and world renown Kobe beef...
text: Nick goes into a restaurant. Charlie drops the book,
text: disgusted with Nick's choice. Charlie reluctantly follows
text: him in. REVEAL it's a Shakey's Pizza restaurant.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSING PROJECT - SHIN OKUBO - DAY
text: Rows of post-modern buildings of odd shaped windows and
text: brightly painted concrete walls. Nick and Charlie are
text: searching for the Japanese cop's building. They can't
dialog: speak the language; they can't read the signs; and half
text: the buildings don't have numbers. It's a nightmare.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: This should be it...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You said that in the last two
dialog: places.
text: Charlie holds out the paper to a passing man.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Kore? Doku? Kore doku?
text: The man gestures toward the building Charlie was pointing
dialog: to.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Okay, you were right.
text: Charlie grins, satisfied.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSING DEVELOPMENT - CORRIDOR - DAY
text: The boys are knocking on a door. Nick turns the handle.
text: It's unlocked.
speaker_heading: THE APARTMENT
text: A four tatami room. An unholy mess: Food packages, beer
text: bottles, stacks of papers and file folders. Framed
text: pictures of long dead relatives hang on the wall.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: This the right place?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I hope not.
text: A WOMAN now appears at the door. Middle aged, wizened
text: face, in a full traditional Kimono.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Konichiwa. Ichiro Matsumoto?
text: The woman babbles bird-like in rapid Japanese. She bows.
dialog: They're in the right place.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE STREET - MINIMAI MURAMATSU - NIGHT
text: The jammed streets are barely wide enough to get a
dialog: motorcycle down. It's a bad neighborhood, one of the
dialog: poorest in Tokyo.
text: We spot the small kimono clad WOMAN, clip-clopping on
text: wooden geta, leading Nick and Charlie through this
text: labyrinth.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Getting very weird.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I'd feel better if we had some heat.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Maybe we should bail?
text: Seeing they've stopped, the woman gestures for them to
text: hurry up, then disappears around the corner.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (looking at the maze
dialog: of streets)
dialog: Think we could find our way back?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A GARISH PINK SIGN - PINK SARON BAR
text: A poor man's idea of a bar. The woman points inside,
text: chirps away in Japanese, bows, then hurries off leaving
text: Nick and Charlie on their own.
scene_heading: INSIDE PINK SARON
text: Nick and Charlie disappear into darkness as the woven
text: flaps shut behind them. A vintage wurlitzer juke box
text: glows across the room. An Enka plays. (Haunting Japanese
dialog: blues.)
scene_heading: MAN'S VOICE (FROM THE DARKNESS)
dialog: Big shots from New York. I like
dialog: your style!
text: ICHIRO MATSUMOTO steps into a pool of light just inches
text: from them. He is a short overweight man looking every
text: minute of his fifty-five years. His white short sleeve
text: shirt is too tight; his narrow tie spotted in the middle;
text: his collar soaked in sweat. He's not drunk yet, but he's
dialog: been at it a while. Call him Ich.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: (bowing)
dialog: Detective Ichiro Matsumoto. I'm the
dialog: man you're looking for.
dialog: This is Ohashi's best man? Well, at least he speaks
dialog: English.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: The man you are looking for, Kobo,
dialog: was a member of the Samaguchi-gummi.
dialog: A Yakuza.
text: Ich nods, offers them what's left of his Sapphoro beer.
text: They shake their heads. Ich finishes it.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Where do we start looking for this
dialog: guy?
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Where would you look for the mafia?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
text: The back room at Lombardi's after
text: the Columbus Day Parade. Under the
text: bed. In the mayor's office.
dialog: Everywhere.
text: Ich heads for the door without saying a word.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Where're you going, Ichiro?
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: (stops, faces them)
text: The mayor's office, under the bed,
text: the back room at Lombardi's.
dialog: (tucking in his
dialog: shirt tail)
dialog: And call me Ich.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ICHIBANKAN BAR BUILDING - KABUKI CHO - NIGHT
dialog: Imagine an ultra modern indoor shopping mall, except there
dialog: aren't any stores. The only product sold here is
dialog: pleasure: Bars, hostess clubs, Turkish baths. A post-
text: modern red light district with music piped in and
text: automated doormen.
scene_heading: INT. LAS VEGAS WELCOME CLUB
text: Hip, younger Japanese are wedged together at the long
text: chrome bar. The GUYS sport leather jackets and Raybans.
text: The GIRLS are decked out in fifties American party dresses
text: and short cropped hair. Jerry Lee Lewis wails in the
dialog: background.
text: Nick, Ich and Charlie are at one end of the long bar. Ich
text: is drinking them both under the table.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: (singing)
dialog: "Goodness, gracious, great balls of
dialog: fire."
dialog: (raising glass for
dialog: toast)
text: To the killer. Jerry Lee Lewis.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (checking his watch)
dialog: Jerry Lee Lewis, Elvis, Dinky Doo
dialog: And The Don't's. Let's book,
dialog: Charlie. If he starts on Motown,
dialog: we'll be here all night.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: No, this is the place for the young
dialog: Yakuza.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: That's what you said in the last
text: three piss pots.
text: Ich sets down his drink, pours more sake for Nick and
text: Charlie then for himself. He's having a great time.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: I love you people. The music, the
dialog: clothes, the movies... Japanese
dialog: respect only what is Japanese.
text: Nick glances at Charlie.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It's incredible. Hit him or
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I don't think he'd feel it.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: (beginning to slur
dialog: his words)
dialog: Americans change everything. When I
dialog: was young the city was wood and
dialog: paper... I was ten when the bombers
dialog: came. I lived underground for three
dialog: days. When I came up, the city was
text: gone... A ball of fire.
text: Nick gets to his feet. Ich grabs him by the arm, stopping
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: It began to rain, Nick. You know
dialog: what color the rain was?
text: Ich doesn't give him a chance to answer.
speaker_heading: ICH
text: Black... It was black from the ash.
dialog: Very impressive. You Americans, you
dialog: could make black rain.
text: Ich polishes off his drink. An awkward silence. Charlie,
dialog: wanting to lighten the mood --
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (leaning close)
dialog: Say Ich, between friends, where can
dialog: I grab some squish around here?
text: Nick sighs, digs in his pocket for some yen for the bill.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Squid?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Pussy, ass, soft personnel.
text: Ich looks up to see a picturesque, blood-haired American
text: WOMEN in a tight silk blouse and skirt. She works here
text: and has obviously heard Charlie.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Ah, Joyce...
dialog: (in Japanese)
dialog: How are you tonight?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (in Japanese)
dialog: Hello, Ich. Johnny Walker?
text: Ich nods. Joyce's Japanese is impeccable. She's a part-
dialog: time bartender, translator, model. One of Japan's western
text: wanderers. She's sliding past thirty, but only her weary
text: eyes give it away. She is about to pour Ich another
dialog: drink.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Don't give him any more.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: He gets as much as he wants.
text: Charlie extends his hand to Joyce. She ignores it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hello hello, Charlie Skloaris. New
dialog: York City.
text: She refills Ich's glass.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: My partner and I are cops.
dialog: (lowering his voice)
dialog: We're on a very big assignment here.
dialog: (nothing from Joyce)
dialog: When do you get off?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Right when you're being tucked into
dialog: bed.
dialog: Cold.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: You should be nicer to my American
dialog: friends, Joyce.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: They wouldn't appreciate it, Ich.
dialog: Trust me.
text: She says something in Japanese to Ich as she eyes the
text: cops. Then, she walks off.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Joyce can be nice.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (brightening)
dialog: What'd she say?
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: (big smile)
dialog: That I should let you pay for the
dialog: drinks.
dialog: (raising his glass)
dialog: Kampai.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ICHIBANKAN BAR BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Charlie and Nick are trying to help a besotted Ich find a
text: taxi, but no one will take him. Ich is shouting half
dialog: English, half Japanese phrases.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: ... We got to keep looking. Track
dialog: him down! Great balls of fire!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (frustrated, to a
dialog: cabbie)
dialog: What's the problem here?
text: The cabbie ignores them.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (O.S.)
dialog: You don't speak the language. I'll
dialog: drop him off.
text: They turn to see Joyce standing behind them.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Ah, Joyce...
text: The rest is slurred Japanese. Joyce speaks to a cabbie in
text: Japanese. The rear door swings open. She helps Ich in.
text: Joyce climbs in.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: (out the window)
dialog: See you tomorrow!
text: The taxi pulls away. Nick and Charlie watch it go.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Not a prayer.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - FOUR A.M.
text: An early morning wind jostles the red paper lantern and
text: plucks at the tails of dragon-like banners hanging outside
text: the shops. Nick and Charlie are walking down this narrow
text: sidestreet on the way back to their hotel.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: ... He's a sorry old guy, but I like
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: He couldn't find his ass with both
dialog: hands.
text: A brand new Kawasaki 1000 motorcycle with windshield and
text: full farings gleams under a street light.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Now that's the kind of motorcycle I
dialog: want to see you on.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (muttering)
text: Sure, a rice burning crotch
dialog: rocket...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Nick, how we gonna bag this guy
dialog: without any help? Maybe I should
dialog: work on that girl Joyce, she speaks
dialog: the language.
text: Nick glances over at his partner, smiles. But before he
dialog: can respond --
text: The DULL ROAR of a half dozen motorcycles in the distance
text: breaks the pre-dawn stillness.
speaker_heading: TWENTY BOSOZOKU (BIKERS)
text: on their multi-cylinder high tech street bombers, creep
text: around the corner and slowly ride toward Nick and Charlie.
text: We get a better look at them: turbo punk Elvis-samurai
text: hybrids -- some wearing a slipper under their headbands,
text: courtesy of their girlfriends; some in leopard skin pants.
dialog: And tattoos...
text: They head straight for Nick and Charlie, then, at the last
text: moment, split and float away IN SLOW MOTION, as if the
dialog: cops didn't exist.
text: Suddenly, the street is empty again. Silent except for
text: the SOUND of the wind beating against paper lanterns,
text: rustling the wind chimes...
text: Hold on Nick and Charlie standing in the middle of the
text: street, realizing just how far away from home they are.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL - THE NEXT MORNING
text: A rocket shaped building: a mixture of Dutch Gable and
text: Japanese Minka roof. The mid-day sun beats down on a
dialog: particular room.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM
text: Nick and Charlie are sacked out. They never bothered to
text: pull the curtains. THE SOUND OF KNOCKING at the door.
speaker_heading: ICH (O.S.)
dialog: Nick!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Give us a break...
speaker_heading: ICH (O.S.)
dialog: It's Ichiro. Ich.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Leave the rice cake outside and go
dialog: home!
dialog: But Ich persists.
speaker_heading: AT THE DOOR
text: As Nick opens up. Ich bows. He's now clean shaven and
text: has put on a clean shirt.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: There's been a murder. Yakuza. You
dialog: should come.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PRINTING PLANT - DAY
text: The murder scene. NO SOUND.
text: A SERIES OF SHOTS:
text: A BODY FROM THE WAIST DOWN in the claws of six foot
text: working robotic. The tattooed covered legs swing back and
text: forth like a pendulum.
text: THE TORSO is wedged in between two enormous printing
text: rollers.
text: THE HEAD is resting in the middle of a conveyer belt.
text: It's been drenched in black printer's ink which has begun
text: to congeal.
text: WE SLOWLY TRACK PAST Ich, Charlie, and Nick, watching.
text: Charlie has the dry heaves.
text: REAL SOUND as we reveal the full crime scene. Instead of
text: the usual cigar smoke, camera flashes and radio chatter,
text: there is order and quiet. A slow underwater dance.
speaker_heading: INSPECTOR OHASHI
text: quietly gives an order. Someone turns off the robotic.
text: The severed legs stop swinging.
text: Nick, Charlie and Ich walk over to Ohashi. Ich bows
text: deeply. Ohashi doesn't acknowledge any of them, talks to
text: a man holding a tape measurer.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Could you fill me in?
speaker_heading: OHASHI
dialog: Why don't you ask your chief
dialog: detective?
text: Ich looks down at the floor.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Because I want you to tell me.
speaker_heading: OHASHI
text: The young are eating the old,
dialog: something that usually doesn't
dialog: happen here.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Can we skip the poetry, inspector?
text: Ohashi pauses. Ich looks at Nick as if to warn him he
dialog: can't speak to Ohashi that way.
speaker_heading: OHASHI
dialog: There's a war, detective, between
text: two rival groups. The man who
text: escaped, Kobo, leads the younger
dialog: group. They did this.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Kobo's a wild boy. He was a
text: lieutenant in the Sammaguchi-gummi.
speaker_heading: OHASHI
dialog: (in Japanese)
dialog: Excellent, Officer Matsumoto. How
dialog: is your investigation going?
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: (in Japanese)
dialog: Well, sir. Thank you for giving me
dialog: the opportunity to work with these
dialog: distinguished gentlemen.
text: He bows. It's pathetic.
scene_heading: POLICE LIEUTENANT
text: Looking for clues in the bottom of a
dialog: sake bottle, Matsumoto?
text: Laughter all around.
speaker_heading: OHASHI
dialog: He's an officer of great
dialog: distinction.
text: Another sarcastic dig. Ich stoically stands and takes it.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey, Ich has been helpful.
speaker_heading: OHASHI
dialog: (ignoring him, to
dialog: Nick)
dialog: Have you changed your mind and
dialog: decided to go home, detective?
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Not until one of us bags Kobo.
dialog: (looking at the
dialog: corpse)
dialog: And it doesn't look like you're
dialog: doing so hot.
text: Ohashi coolly flicks the ashes of his cigarette and we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PRINTING PLANT - DAY
text: Ich, Nick, and Charlie are threading their way through the
text: crowd toward the subway entrance.
text: TWO BIKERS, their hair slicked back, watch the trio from
text: the top of two different subway entrances.
text: As soon as Ich, Nick and Charlie go down the steps, they
text: climb off their bikes and follow.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY STATION
text: Nick, Ich and Charlie are riding the people mover that
text: stretches the length of this endless tunnel. They're
text: sandwiched between the legions of SALARYMEN (white collar
text: workers) who all wear identical blue suits and white
dialog: shirts.
text: Nick looks over at Ich, who is still suffering in silence
dialog: from the recent humiliation.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You know, Inspector, you take shit
dialog: once, you take shit forever.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don't deserve Ohashi's respect.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Why the hell not?
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: I don't, that's all.
text: Ich looks away, obviously uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You cool, Ich?
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Cool?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You all right? You okay?
text: Ich nods.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: What does Ichiro mean, anyway?
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: What does Charlie mean?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey, all right.
text: Charlie slaps Ich on the back.
text: NICK smiles at Charlie's remark. He can't help but like
text: this wide-eyed goofy kid.
text: Something makes Nick's smile fade.
speaker_heading: NICK'S POV
text: KOBO, their escaped prisoner, hurrying in the opposite
text: direction. His Kamali suit looks like it just came from
dialog: the cleaners.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Charlie!
text: Charlie spots him. In a flash, the two men jump the
text: railing and charge after him, leaving Ich in their wake.
dialog: Ich can't possibly make it over the side. He furiously
text: shoves his way through the Salarymen, trying to get to the
text: end of the walkway.
speaker_heading: CHASE SEQUENCE
text: -- Nick barreling through the mass of faceless Salarymen.
text: -- Kobo, hurrying ahead, occasionally glancing back.
text: -- Charlie catching up to Nick. They've lost him. They
text: spin around. A half dozen tunnels spin out in all
dialog: directions.
text: -- Nick and Charlie spotting Kobo. He's waiting for them
text: near the turnstile.
text: Nick suddenly realizes it's a set-up. Before he can say
text: anything, Charlie sprints ahead, recklessly shoving
text: people out of the way.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (calling after him)
dialog: It's a set-up...! Charlie!
text: Charlie hasn't heard him.
text: AT THE TURNSTILE
text: Kobo hands a ticket to the turnstile guard and disappears
text: onto the platform. Charlie doesn't have a ticket. The
text: guard points to the automatic ticket machine. Screw it.
text: Charlie leaps over the turnstile.
text: The GUARD blows his shrill whistle to signal the subway
dialog: police.
speaker_heading: THE PLATFORM
text: Charlie pushes through the crowd -- a wall of blank faces.
text: Kobo is gone.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: shoving through the crowd. He spots Charlie. Shouts at
text: him to wait. Charlie can't hear his partner.
speaker_heading: THE SUBWAY
text: pulls in. An immaculately uniformed CONDUCTOR blows his
text: whistle and waves his white-gloved hands to keep the crowd
dialog: back.
text: A LEATHER JACKETED BOY shoves Charlie from behind; he
text: stumbles forward toward the track. Someone catches him at
text: the last moment. Charlie turns around to see it's Kobo.
text: Kobo smiles, it's all a big joke.
text: What follows happens in a flash:
speaker_heading: ON NICK
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Charlie!
text: Nick is close enough to see, too far to do anything. He's
text: blocked by TWO MORE LEATHER BOYS. He tries to shove past,
text: but they grab him.
speaker_heading: KOBO
text: holding Charlie by his coat lapels. An express train
text: tears into the station. Kobo casually glances at
speaker_heading: NICK
text: trying to struggle free.
speaker_heading: KOBO
text: his eyes still on Nick, drops Charlie in front of the
text: speeding express as if he were a sack of laundry.
speaker_heading: NICK
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: NO!!
text: A woman SCREAMS.
text: The train barrels through the station.
text: Kobo starts toward Nick. He's next.
text: A pair of SUBWAY POLICEMEN burst through the crowd
text: searching for Charlie because he vaulted the turnstile.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: manages to break free of the leatherboys holding him.
text: They flee into the crowd as the police close in.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE PLATFORM - KOBO
text: slips into the wave of commuters being shoved into a
text: train by white-gloved MEN. It's their job to shove
text: commuters into the already packed cars.
text: Nick goes for Kobo, but the crowd closes in front of him.
text: He can't get through.
scene_heading: THE SUBWAY DOORS
text: slam shut. The train pulls out leaving Nick standing on
text: the empty platform.
speaker_heading: THE LAST CAR
text: streaks past him. Kobo stands in the rear window, getting
text: smaller and smaller until the train disappears down the
dialog: tracks.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Nick!
text: Ich, out of breath, is standing on the platform. Nick
text: looks at him with disgust -- where the hell was he.
text: STAY on Nick, his head bowed, being surrounded by the sea
text: of blue-suited commuters.
text: FADE TO WHITE.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: NICK'S FACE against a white wall. That's all we see.
text: Ohashi's voice OFF SCREEN.
speaker_heading: OHASHI (O.S.)
dialog: ... You ignored me. I don't care
dialog: about what you want. Get on a
dialog: plane, detective Conklin. Go home.
text: We HEAR a door open and SLAM shut off screen. Hold on
text: Nick, frozen in place, then:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CENTRAL SECTION - TOKYO POLICE H.Q. - DAY
text: Again, the fifty desks, fifty faceless men working.
text: Typewriters CLACKING, phones RINGING. We MOVE down the
text: rows to find Nick sitting behind one of the desks. He's
text: on the phone to New York.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (V.O.) (PHONE)
dialog: It's not your job.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: He was my partner.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (V.O.) (PHONE)
dialog: They're blaming it on you. Christ,
dialog: Conklin, you didn't even tell me you
dialog: lost the prisoner!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I planned on catching him, Captain.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (V.O.) (PHONE)
dialog: How? You don't know the place. You
dialog: don't know the language. Get on the
dialog: plane.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: He killed a police officer.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (V.O.) (PHONE)
dialog: Your plane's at nine a.m. Be on it.
dialog: That's orders. Period.
text: Oliver hangs up. A moment of long distance hum cross
text: talk. Nick doesn't move. Pull back through the rows of
text: cops busily working... SOUND FADES.
text: Charlie Parker's alto sax FADE UP as we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SHINJUKU - NIGHT
text: The MUSIC continues. The sax screams as the melody is
dialog: abandoned.
text: Nick is drunk. Roaring angry drunk. He doesn't know
text: where he is. He doesn't care. He plows down the street,
text: occasionally grabbing a passerby, then letting them go.
text: Nick begins to laugh. A couple is staring at him, Nick
text: yells at them, but we DON'T HEAR HIM. He stumbles on...
dialog: drop back to find.
speaker_heading: ICH
text: following in his wake. He bows and apologizes to the
dialog: offended.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LAS VEGAS WELCOME BAR - NIGHT
text: Nick is thrown onto the street. He tries to reenter and
text: is thrown out again. We spot JOYCE inside watching; she
text: turns back to her customers.
scene_heading: EXT. GINZA - NIGHT
text: Nick is hassling a news vendor who pointedly ignores him
text: and continues selling his papers. Ich appears and
text: apologizes to the news vendor.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - TWO A.M.
text: Nick's sitting on the curb, his head in his hands. People
text: step around him.
text: Across the street, out of Nick's sight, Ich is watching
text: his partner, feeling every barb of Nick's shame.
text: Charlie Parker continues over the slow...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: NICK --
text: asleep, the futon tangled around him. He opens his eyes.
text: A woman is making tea in the kitchenette. This is the
text: kimonoed woman who led Nick and Charlie to Ich the other
dialog: night.
text: A RADIO is on softly in the background. The Charlie
dialog: Parker tune we've been listening to over the previous cuts
text: ends, and the announcer comes on:
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: ... That was the Bird, from the Blue
dialog: Note years. 1230 hours and 72
dialog: degrees in central Osaka. This is
dialog: specialist Doug Dale, Tapestries in
dialog: Jazz, on the Far East Network, armed
dialog: forces radio...
text: Nick slowly sits up to see
speaker_heading: ICH
text: seated at a low table looking at him from across the room.
text: Nick spots his clothes and luggage stacked in the corner.
text: Nick now realizes he's in Ich's apartment. It's spotless.
text: Everything is now in its proper place.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: They made you leave your hotel...
dialog: (looks away)
dialog: ... you caused a disturbance.
text: Nick's eyes fall on Charlie's things: his sports clothes,
text: his tour book, his shoes which Ich has stacked on the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: It may be too soon to talk about it.
dialog: When someone we care for dies we...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ... keep something of their's. A
text: tie, a pen.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Why weren't you at the platform?
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: I couldn't keep up. My shame is
dialog: complete.
text: Nick slowly shuts his eyes, his head pounding.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PUBLIC BATH - DAY
text: The neighborhood bathhouse. Thick with steam and
dialog: neighborhood kids.
text: Nick walks toward the huge pool of water. Ich is beside
text: him. Nick's about to climb in when Ich stops him, hands
text: him a pail and a washcloth and points to the faucets along
text: the wall where a dozen men squat on small stools as they
dialog: wash themselves.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: NICK
text: as he pours a pail of water over his head, it runs down
text: his face in slow motion.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE POOL
text: Nick soaking, on one side. Ich is soaking nearby.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: You must leave?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: I'll get him for you, Nick.
text: Nick looks at this thick bellied, alcoholic cop. Not a
dialog: very reassuring thought.
text: TWO MEN carrying plastic pails cross in front of the tub.
text: Young, muscular Yakuza, their bodies covered with
text: exquisite tattoos. They stare openly at Nick. One makes
text: a joke. Both laugh obscenely as they slip into the hot
dialog: tub.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Yakuza?
text: Ich nods. Nick eyes them for a long beat, then climbs out
text: of the tub.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Nick tossing two bags into a taxi in front of Ich's
dialog: apartment building.
speaker_heading: ICH
text: Ich watching Nick through the window from inside his
text: apartment. He glances back and sees Charlie's "Members
text: Only" coat hanging on a hook.
text: When he turns back, Nick's taxi has disappeared.
scene_heading: EXT. NARITA AIRPORT
text: The brightest object in the frame is a yellow forklift
text: carrying a jostling aluminum coffin toward the open belly
text: of the cargo plane. Nick watches it from the edge of the
text: tarmac.
scene_heading: AIRPORT CHECK IN GATE
text: Nick hands the clerk his ticket.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: ... Smoking.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Aisle or window?
text: Nick spots a folded newspaper someone has left on the
text: counter. He can't read it, of course, but there's a
text: picture of the subway platform where Charlie was killed,
text: swarming with police. Nick continues to stare at the
dialog: paper.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Aisle or window, sir?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: I want to cash it in. Yen.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ICH'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Nick steps in, drops the two suitcases.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Ichiro?
text: The woman steps out of the kitchen, babbles something in
text: Japanese. Nick doesn't have a clue.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LAS VEGAS WELCOME BAR - AFTERNOON
text: Only a handful of patrons. Joyce is straightening bottles
text: behind the bar.
speaker_heading: NICK (O.S.)
dialog: What's tricks?
text: She looks up, surprised to see Nick standing in front of
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Ich said you left.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: There was a change in plans.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I'm sorry about your friend.
text: Nick's surprised at how fast she heard.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Dead gaiijin's are big news.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Gaiijin?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
text: An outside person. A foreigner. A
dialog: barbarian. You, me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: More you.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I could use some help. Show me
dialog: around. I'll pay you for your time.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I don't give tours.
text: Nick smiles.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You can count on the truth from
dialog: people who don't like you.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: You have a helluva way of asking for
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You have a helluva way of answering.
dialog: Draw.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Look, you need Ich. I've been here
dialog: five years and I still can't read
text: all the street signs.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Maybe I'm a quicker learner.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I don't think so.
scene_heading: From OFF SCREEN:
speaker_heading: ICH (O.S.)
dialog: Nicklaus-san.
text: Nick turns to see Ich, leaning against the door frame.
text: He's already had a few drinks too many. He's delighted to
dialog: see Nick.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: I've continued working on the case!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I can see that.
text: Ich ambles into the room, slips down into a chair. He
text: spills the contents of the large manila envelope he's been
text: carrying onto the table: a wallet, a set of keys, playing
dialog: cards, etc.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: (signaling to Joyce)
dialog: Joyce... A drink please.
dialog: (to Nick)
dialog: Kobo has disappeared. My superiors
dialog: don't trust me.
text: Nick walks over to the table and looks at the items.
speaker_heading: ICH
text: Kobo's. Taken off him when he was
dialog: arrested in New York.
text: Nick sits down. Joyce gives Ich his scotch.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: I knew you'd come back. You feel
dialog: you have a debt you can never pay.
dialog: But you will, even if it costs you
dialog: your life. Giri. Honor.
text: Nick picks up various items off the table.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: How'd you get this?
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: I stole them.
text: Ich drapes his arm over Nick's shoulder.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Partners, Nicklaus-san?
text: Ich reaches for his drink. Nick gets there first. He
text: holds it up as if he were proposing a toast, then
text: purposefully spills his drink out.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Partners.
text: Ich has just had his last drink on duty.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE TABLE - LATER
text: All the contents of the envelope are spread out on the
dialog: table: credit cards, matchbooks from New York City,
text: choice clipping from Screw magazine, sugarless gum, cuff
dialog: links...
text: Nick's holding up a series of photos.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON PHOTO
text: of a naked women and Kobo screwing on a Tatami mat.
text: Another photo. Then another. Each photo is more
text: pornographic than the next.
text: Joyce picks them up as Nick sets them down.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Busy man.
text: Nick holds out several of the same girl in various poses.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Know her?
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: We can ask someone I used to work
dialog: with. A criminal. Someone I pay
dialog: money to...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: A snitch?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PACHINKO PARLOR - DAY
text: The largest in Tokyo. Endless rows of men sitting in
text: front of the machines (horizontal pinball games) furiously
text: punching the flippers. The NOISE from the metal balls is
text: deafening.
speaker_heading: A MAN
text: in a Hawaiian shirt, his arms covered with tattoos, is
text: starting a new game.
text: Ich moves up to the vacant machine beside him, puts in his
text: change. Ich doesn't face the man as they speak in
text: Japanese. The man in the Hawaiian shirt walks off.
speaker_heading: ON NICK
text: as the man in the Hawaiian shirt walks past him. This is
text: the snitch. Nick glances back at Ich. Ich nods --
dialog: they're in business.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A CRAMPED ROOM - REAR OF PACHINKO PARLOR
text: We HEAR the clattering of the machines outside. The man
text: in the Hawaiian shirt, mid-fifties and badly in need of a
text: shower, is sitting on the floor studying the photos. Ich
text: and Nick tower above him.
text: The man says something to Nick in Japanese, then continues
dialog: to study the photos.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What's he saying?
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: He says they're very nice. He wants
dialog: to know if you have anymore.
text: Nick sighs.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: I'll ask him again.
text: Ich asks in Japanese. The man shrugs.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: My turn.
text: He grabs the man by his shirt collar and shoves him
text: against the wall. The photos spill to the floor.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Who is she?
text: He bangs the man's head back against the wall. The man
text: starts babbling in Japanese.
text: Ich, horrified, tries to pull Nick off him.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Nick, stop.
text: Nick bangs the snitches head against the wall again. Ich
text: gets Nick away. The man is terrified.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: This man must be treated with
dialog: respect.
text: Ich bows to the man, apologizes in Japanese.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Aw, for Christ's sake.
text: They continue speaking in Japanese. They bow to one
text: another again. Ich gives the man a glass of water, then
text: motions for him to sit down.
text: Nick, impatient, starts for the guy again. Ich stops him.
text: The snitch holds up one of the photos, and starts
text: babbling.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (to Ich)
dialog: Now we're making progress.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SEIBU DEPARTMENT STORE - DAY
text: CLOSE ON A SALESGIRL behind the cosmetic counter. She is
text: wearing the store uniform: blue and white dress and white
text: gloves. A doll. We shouldn't recognize her at first.
dialog: Then --
scene_heading: INSERT A PHOTO
text: one of Kobo's porno pics. It's the same face.
speaker_heading: REVEAL NICK
text: holding the photo, standing in the crowded store. Ich is
text: beside him.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: That's Kobo's girl? He's sure?
text: Ich glances back at the man in the Hawaiian shirt standing
text: by the door. The man nods.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: He's sure.
text: They watch the girl help a customer choose an eyeliner.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Nick, no one's seen Kobo in three
dialog: days. He might not even be in
dialog: Tokyo.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Only one way to find out... Get her
dialog: up in the morning and put her to bed
dialog: at night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SOBA RESTAURANT - DAY
speaker_heading: NICK
text: is struggling with his chopsticks and bowl of noodles.
text: From O.S. A LOUD SLURPING SOUND. The sound stops, then
text: starts again. Nick can't eat. He sets his bowl down and
text: looks over at
speaker_heading: ICH
text: slurping his noodles. It is considered polite to slurp
text: soba noodles as loud as possible.
text: Ich stops. Looks at Nick, then resumes his slurping.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Think you could keep it to a dull
dialog: roar?
text: They're sitting by the window across from the Seibu
text: department store watching the entrance.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: It's good manners.
text: Nick nods. Picks up his bowl. Again the LOUD slurping
text: off screen. Nick starts to eat the noodles. He can't
text: continue with Ich slurping. He sets the bowl down.
text: Ich grins, resumes slurping and we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DEPARTMENT STORE - SIX P.M.
text: The SALESGIRLS are lined up at the door bowing and
text: thanking the last customers for shopping in their store.
dialog: Standard practice.
text: The GIRL whom Nick and Ich have been watching comes out
text: wearing her uniform and heads down the street.
speaker_heading: NICK AND ICH
text: waiting in the restaurant, get up to follow.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE GIRL
text: stepping out of the laundry carrying her wash. She walks
text: past a doorway where...
text: NICK is standing.
text: ICH now walks past his partner picking up the tail. No
text: acknowledgement between them.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET CAR STATION
text: There are dozens of street cars waiting to pull out. The
text: girl is on one of them. Ich has lost her. Nick and Ich
text: hurry from car to car.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: You said you could keep up with her!
dialog: 'No problem, Nick-san.'
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (cutting Ich off)
dialog: No. Don't say anything. Don't do
dialog: anything, and for Christ's sake,
dialog: don't apologize!
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Nick...
text: Nick hurries toward another car to check it out.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What'd I tell you?
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: There she is!
text: They spot the girl sitting in the window of one of the
text: street cars, about to turn onto the main street.
text: The two cops race for the car. Nick leaps on. Ich is a
text: few steps behind. Nick sticks out his hand, pulls Ich up.
text: They stand looking at one another, both breathing hard,
text: both out of shape.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: NIGHTCLUB DISTRICT - NIGHT
text: Narrow streets with exploding neon ideograph signs as far
text: as the eye can see.
text: We spot our girl hurrying down the street. Nick, a half
text: block behind, is bumping into people, trying not to lose
dialog: her.
text: She crosses the street and Ich picks her up. Nick drops
dialog: off.
text: ON A SIDE STREET
text: around the corner the girl disappears into a three story
text: apartment building above an electronics store.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GIRL'S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: We're watching our girl inside her apartment. She flips
text: off the TV and climbs into bed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A STOREROOM - NIGHT
text: We've been watching the girl from a window across the
text: street. It's a storeroom full of shipping crates, not
text: much else. Ich is sitting on the floor, legs crossed,
text: back erect, watching Nick. Nick glances over. Ich
text: continues to watch him. Nick returns to the window.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: You dislike me.
text: Nick keeps looking out the window.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Did I say that?
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: You toler -- yes, tolerate me.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Are we getting married?
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: I'm a joke. They sent you to me to
dialog: make a fool of you.
text: Nick looks over at Ich. Ich is looking away. Nick looks
text: out the window, then back at his partner.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You're doing fine, Ich. Now drop
dialog: it, okay?
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Sure.
text: The girl switches off her light across the street.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: THE STOREROOM - MORNING
text: Ich is sleeping on his back looking like a grounded whale.
text: Nick, exhausted, is sitting by the window his head resting
text: against the sill.
text: NICK'S POV OF THE STREET
text: as the girl, dressed in her store uniform, comes out of
text: the apartment and heads for work.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: nudges the sleeping Ich with his foot. Ich opens his
text: eyes.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Let's book.
text: Ich is groggy, nonplused.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Let's go.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - GIRL'S APARTMENT BUILDING
text: Ich, tucking in his shirt, comes down the hall to see --
text: Nick, on his knees, examining the lock on the girl's
text: apartment door. He slides his NYPD card into the jam and
text: lightly raps the knob plate.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: You can't do this.
text: Nick uses his sleeve to wipe prints off the knob and jam.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Call a cop.
text: The door swings open. Nick walks in.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GIRL'S APARTMENT
text: A cheesebox with a few vintage pieces of American deco
dialog: furniture.
text: Ich, very uptight, stands at the door while Nick goes over
dialog: the place.
text: Nick opens the closet. It's packed with expensive
dialog: dresses, pants, sweaters...
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Nick...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (facing him)
dialog: If you're gonna give me a hard time,
dialog: wait outside.
text: Nick goes through her chest of drawers: on the top, a lot
text: of high quality lingerie.
text: INSERT PHOTO: The girl and Kobo posing in a vintage
dialog: Corvette.
text: Nick replaces the picture, and carefully rearranges the
text: drawer so it appears untouched. He pulls open another
text: drawer. Then another. Under the jeans and Mickey Mouse
text: T-shirts, he finds:
text: A BANK STACK OF U.S. CURRENCY
text: in hundreds. The bottom of the drawer is lined with
text: stacks. Nick holds them up for Ich to see.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Not too shabby for a perfume pusher.
text: Ich, shocked, tries to play it cool.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Too bad it's not in yen.
text: Nick shoves the drawer shut.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE GIRL - DUSK - TWO DAYS LATER
text: The GIRL buys fruit from a stand as NICK watches from one
text: end of the block; ICH, listening to his transistor radio,
text: waits at the other.
speaker_heading: THE GIRL
text: suddenly turns and finds herself facing
speaker_heading: NICK
text: a few yards away. Nick smiles, then walks into the
text: store, hoping he hasn't been made.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GIRL'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Rain pours down.
scene_heading: INT. STOREROOM - NIGHT
text: Nick, leaning against the wall, watches the girl's
text: apartment across the street. The girl walks in, turns on
text: her light, then disappears into the bathroom.
text: Ich walks in, exhausted, soaked to the skin. He tosses
text: his cap in the corner. Struck out again.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Work, lunch, groceries, laundry...
dialog: Fabulous...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (looking back out
dialog: the window)
dialog: Four goddamn days. This is going
dialog: nowhere...
text: A KNOCK at the door.
speaker_heading: JOYCE (O.S.)
dialog: It's me.
text: Ich opens the door. Joyce, dressed for work, is carrying
text: two odons (box dinners). Joyce and Ich exchange greetings
dialog: in Japanese.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: What's the latest?
text: Nick shrugs.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: We'll get him, Joyce.
text: Joyce peeks out the window. The girl is getting
text: undressed.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: She ever pull down her shades?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (right back at her)
dialog: Sure, but then I just pull out the
dialog: photos.
text: Ich opens one of the box dinners and sets it on the ledge
text: in front of Nick.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: (enthusiastically)
dialog: Chikuwa, Hampen, Kobu, Konnayaku,
dialog: Ganmodoki --
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Ichiro --
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Broiled fish paste cake, Kelp roll,
dialog: soybean curd, devils tongue --
speaker_heading: NICK
text: Smells like Bayonne at low tide.
text: Joyce hands Ich a flask of hot sake in tinfoil.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Whoa whoa...
text: Nick grabs the flask. Dumps it out the window.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Don't be an ass.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: He's on duty.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I paid for that.
text: Nick tosses a few thousand yen on the table. Then,
text: spotting something out the window.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Alley oop!
text: Nick grabs his coat and goes out the door. Joyce slips
dialog: Ich another flask of sake.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - GINZA DISTRICT - NIGHT
text: It's our GIRL standing alone on the corner of the street
dialog: but you wouldn't know it at first. She's wearing tight
text: leather pants, red leather jacket, earrings, bright red
text: lipstick, and she's dumped the pony-tail, allowing her
text: hair to fall to her waist.
speaker_heading: NICK AND ICH
text: watching in a doorway down the block. Nick's shivering,
text: his hands thrust in his army surplus jacket. Ich doesn't
dialog: mind the cold. He's had his sake.
scene_heading: THREE BOSOZOKU
text: riding their bikes come around the corner drive past her,
text: then circle back.
text: One of the RIDERS stops to talk to her, then drives off.
text: She hurries off in the opposite direction.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Yakuza.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Good. Very good...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A SUBWAY STATION
text: The girl waits until the last minute, then after glancing
text: back, steps in the car. The train pulls out. The cars
dialog: race past until we see --
text: Nick and Ich standing inside of the last car. It
text: disappears into the tunnel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE SHINZOA DISTRICT - NIGHT
text: The girl, on the move, pushing through the crowd. Drop
text: back to find Ich twenty yards behind. She crosses the
text: street. Nick, pretending to be looking in a store window,
text: picks her up.
scene_heading: AROUND THE CORNER
text: Nick has lost her. It's a cul de sac with a dozen
text: buildings. He's standing in the middle of the street.
text: Ich catches up to him.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: She disappeared... shit!
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: You were too far behind.
text: Nick does a double-take.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: (recalling Nick's
dialog: words)
dialog: Don't say anything more. Don't do
dialog: anything. And, for Christ's sake,
dialog: don't apologize!
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - SHINZOA DISTRICT - NIGHT - LATER
speaker_heading: NICK
text: dropping another cigarette butt to the ground. There's a
text: small pile at his feet. He's leaning against the wall
text: watching one end of the block. TRACK over to reveal Ich,
text: his back to Nick's, watching the other end.
text: Ich glances back at Nick. Nick ignores him. Ich turns
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Nicklaus-san!
text: Nick turns to see the GIRL walk out of a bath house.
text: She's wearing her ponytail again, with a black dress. She
text: climbs into a taxi.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PINK SARON HOSTESS CLUB - NIGHT
text: The girl climbs out of the taxi and goes inside.
text: Nick and Ich are watching from across the street.
scene_heading: INT. HOSTESS CLUB
text: Packed with Salarymen from the nearby brewery and
text: hostesses in silk dresses selling cheap champagne at
dialog: expensive prices.
speaker_heading: NICK AND ICH
text: Walk in. Everything seems normal.
text: The BOUNCER in a white tux, stops them. This is not a
text: place frequented by Gaiijin.
dialog: Ich beseeches the Bouncer to let his good friend in,
text: promising that his friend will spend lots of money.
text: Nick, thinking he's in, takes a step forward. The Bouncer
text: shoves him back.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Hey, no hands, huh?
text: He bats his hands away. Ich grabs Nick by the shoulders,
text: preventing a fight.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: You can't come in. They don't
dialog: want --
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Gaiijin.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: I'll check it out.
text: Nick, unsure, turns to go, but before he does:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: If I smell one drop of Scotch on
dialog: your breath, my friend --
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: You can trust me.
text: Nick hesitates, he's not so sure, then shoves the door
dialog: open.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSTESS CLUB
text: Nick waiting under the pink neon sign.
scene_heading: INT. HOSTESS CLUB - LATER
text: Ich is sitting at the crowded bar. A HOSTESS has her arm
text: around his neck. He checks out the room, searching for
text: the girl. He notices two THUGS standing outside a sliding
text: door. Ich finishes his drink.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: (in Japanese)
dialog: Let me up.
speaker_heading: HOSTESS
dialog: (shoving him down)
dialog: Sit, sweetie.
dialog: (to bartender)
dialog: Another Seagrams!
text: Ich relents. Then, spotting something across the room:
text: WHAT HE SEES: A rice paper door slides open, momentarily
text: revealing a DOZEN men with close cropped hair sitting on
text: tatami mats, playing poker. Some have their coats off,
text: revealing arms covered with tattoos. Yakuza.
text: A hostess, serving drinks, steps but leaving the door
text: partially open.
text: The hostess slides the door open to the adjacent room, but
text: Ich CANNOT see inside. She slides it shut.
dialog: Ich's hostess wants him to buy another drink, but Ich
text: shakes his head, gets to his feet, and pretending to be
text: drunk, stumbles toward the sliding doors.
text: Ich bumps into a table; slaps a stranger on the shoulder;
text: then starts singing along with Frank Sinatra on the
text: stereo. He's a little too loud, a little off key.
text: The bodyguards eye Ich suspiciously. He stumbles past
text: them, then grabs the sliding door and yanks it open.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE ROOM
text: A low table. Kobo is at one end. An older,
dialog: distinguished, sliver-haired man in his seventies whom we
dialog: will come to know as SUGAI is at the other. Ich can't
text: believe his eyes: Sugai is the head of the largest Yakuza
dialog: syndicate in Japan.
text: A half dozen LIEUTENANTS sit on either side of the table.
text: Half are older, dressed in conservative suits; the other
text: half are younger wearing $700 Issy Miyake jackets.
speaker_heading: SUGAI AND KOBO
text: are having a heated discussion. The GIRL Ich and Nick
text: have been following walks over to Kobo and sits beside
text: him. This makes Sugai even more irate. He's on his feet,
text: red faced and screaming.
speaker_heading: FOUR GUARDS
text: seeing Ich, pull out their Beretta's. Two more grab him
text: and fling him head first against the wall.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: (drunken, in Japanese)
dialog: I have to piss, gentlemen... I'm so
dialog: sorry but I have to --
text: The bodyguards hurry him towards the door.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSTESS CLUB
text: Nick checks his watch, it's been an hour - where the hell
dialog: is Ich?
text: Ich comes stumbling up the steps, still affecting his
text: drunken, pigeon-toed walk. Nick, of course, thinks Ich
text: has gotten drunk again. Two of the bodyguards are
text: watching from inside.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I don't believe it...
dialog: (grabs him)
dialog: Son-of-a-bitch --
text: Ich, knowing they're being watched, grabs Nick by the
text: sleeve and drags him off still pretending to be drunk.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: I'm not drunk...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: We're through. I mean it. This is
text: the end of the line, Matsumoto.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Nick --
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Shut-up.
text: No longer fearing he's being watched, Ich abruptly stops
text: his affected walk, and sounding very sober --
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: You shut-up!
dialog: (then)
text: Kobo is inside. He's with Sugai,
text: the head of the Summaguchi-clan.
text: ACROSS THE STREET
text: Ich is dialing on the police call box as he fills Nick in
dialog: on Sugai.
speaker_heading: ICH
text: ... A Godfather. His man was killed
text: at the printing plant.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I want to yank Kobo.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Not without a small army, Nicklaus-
dialog: san.
text: Ich quickly speaks on the police phone, then hangs up,
text: pleased with himself.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Ich, my name is Nick. Not Nicklaus,
dialog: not Nicklaus-san, not Nick-san.
dialog: Nick.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: San is an honorable title.
text: Ich realizes it's better to drop it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE HOSTESS CLUB - MINUTES LATER
text: Drunken Salarymen spill out the door.
speaker_heading: ICH AND NICK
text: are standing across the street waiting for the cops to
dialog: arrive.
text: Nick freezes.
speaker_heading: THE GIRL
text: they've been following steps out and lights a cigarette.
text: TIME SLOWS. She looks up and spots the two men through
text: the traffic. Nick turns away, afraid he's been made.
text: When he looks back, she's gone back inside.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Shit...
text: Nick races across the street toward the club. Horns
text: BLARE.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: (doesn't understand)
dialog: Nick?!
text: IN FRONT OF THE CLUB
text: Nick reaches the curb just as the front doors to the club
text: BURST OPEN. He's too late. Three bodyguards burst out,
text: checking the street. A red and white Debonnaire pulls up.
text: Sugai, surrounded by a half-dozen additional bodyguards,
text: comes out and slips into the car. It tears off down the
dialog: street.
scene_heading: SIRENS AND POLICE CARS
text: from either end of the street peel around the corner.
text: It's a madhouse. The remaining lieutenants and bodyguards
text: fan out, trying to elude arrest.
text: Nick hurries down the steps.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CLUB
text: The patrons are still in place, but the two side rooms are
text: empty.
text: Nick spots KOBO going out the rear entrance. He starts
text: after him but is confronted by the bouncer who stopped him
text: earlier. Nick connects to the guy's jaw before his
text: adversary can raise his hands. The bouncer staggers back.
text: Nick flies out the rear door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF CLUB - NIGHT
text: Several lieutenants and bodyguards toss their guns --
text: possession is a felony in Japan -- as the police close in.
scene_heading: INT. HOSTESS CLUB - NIGHT
text: Ich hurries in, but Nick's long gone.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR OF HOSTESS CLUB - NEARBY STREETS - NIGHT
text: SILENCE. The narrow streets are deserted. Nick slowly
text: makes his way down the street. The SOUND of a GUNSHOT.
text: Nick ducks for cover -- it's a car BACKFIRING. He
text: continues on.
text: Nick's POV of a woman giving a man a blow-job in a narrow
text: alley. The man's face is hidden by the shadow.
text: Nick continues on.
scene_heading: JAPANESE MAN (FROM THE DARKNESS)
dialog: People like Charlie are a dime a
dialog: dozen.
text: Nick turns back to see Kobo as he steps into the light.
text: Kobo tosses a handful of change at Nick.
speaker_heading: KOBO
dialog: Keep the change.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I'm taking you back.
text: The girl takes off down the block.
speaker_heading: KOBO
dialog: Here I am.
text: From across the street, a dozen bodyguards appear from
text: various doorways and alleys.
speaker_heading: KOBO
dialog: Charlie was a rookie...
text: Kobo traces his finger across the spot where he cut Nick
dialog: in New York.
speaker_heading: KOBO
dialog: ... But you can take care of
dialog: yourself. You're 'the biggest thing
dialog: to hit this town since Godzilla.'
text: Nick glances at the guards, then back at Kobo. He is
text: unarmed. To make a move would be suicide. More POLICE
text: SIRENS in the b.g. closing in.
speaker_heading: KOBO
dialog: What's the matter. I'm right in
dialog: front of you, Nick.
dialog: (takes a step closer)
dialog: But I was right in front of you when
dialog: you let Charlie die.
text: Kobo takes a step forward. His face is inches from
dialog: Nick's.
speaker_heading: KOBO
dialog: Walk away again. Maybe you'll get
dialog: used to it.
text: Nick doesn't budge.
text: A LONG BEAT, then... Nick turns and slowly walk off.
text: After a dozen yards Nick looks back.
text: The street is empty, except for a street sweeper pushing
text: his wet broom down the block.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSTESS CLUB - NIGHT
text: A half dozen bodyguards are being frisked, then shoved
text: into police cars.
text: Ohashi is talking to the enraged nightclub owner. Nick
text: steps up to him. Ich hurries over.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Nick!
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (to Ohashi)
dialog: A few minutes faster, we might've
text: nailed him.
text: Ohashi doesn't say a word, hands Nick a document.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: OHASHI
dialog: Your visa has expired. Be on a
dialog: plane in twenty-four hours or you
dialog: will be deported.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: While you were hanging out at the
dialog: visa office, we found the son-of-a-
dialog: bitch.
speaker_heading: OHASHI
dialog: Look.
text: Ohashi directs Nick's attention across the street where a
text: SURVEILLANCE VAN is parked. The rear doors are open
text: revealing a van full of surveillance equipment and cops.
speaker_heading: OHASHI
dialog: You ruined an on-going investigation
dialog: that could have gotten us more than
dialog: one runner.
dialog: (to Ich, in Japanese)
dialog: I want a full report in the morning,
dialog: officer.
text: Ich bows as Ohashi walks off.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Maybe if you'd work with us --
text: Ohashi ignores him, continues walking toward his waiting
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Hey...!
dialog: (Ohashi keeps
dialog: walking)
text: HEY, I'M TALKING TO YOU, INSPECTOR!
speaker_heading: OHASHI
dialog: (his back toward
dialog: Nick)
dialog: Twenty-four hours, detective.
text: Ohashi slips into his car. Nick storms up to the car and
text: slams his fist on the window.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Ohashi!
text: Ohashi faces straight ahead, ignoring Nick. Nick takes
text: the extradition paper and spikes it on the car antenna.
text: Ich grabs Nick by his arm, pulling him back from the car.
text: The car pulls away.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Nick, stop!
text: Nick whirls, and before he realizes what he's doing,
text: punches Ich below his left eye. Ich stumbles back over
text: the curb and lands on his ass.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Damnit, Ichiro, I'm tired of people
dialog: telling me what I can and can't do.
dialog: No one ever solved anything sitting
dialog: on their ass.
text: Nick, beside himself with frustration, watches Ohashi's
text: car disappear down the block.
speaker_heading: ON ICH
text: looking up at
speaker_heading: NICK
text: who walks off without looking back at his partner.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ICH'S BATHROOM - SEVERAL HOURS LATER
text: Nick, standing beside the tub, dumps a pail of hot water
text: over his head, rinsing himself off. He grabs a towel and
text: walks out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. ICH'S APARTMENT
text: Ich, holding an ice pack to his face, is lying on a tatami
text: mat against the wall looking up at the ceiling. An open
text: bottle of Seagrams beside him.
text: Nick stretches out on another tatami on the opposite side
text: of the room and looks up at the ceiling, too.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: The ice help?
dialog: Nothing from Ich.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Where does this Sugai live?
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: (cold)
text: A resort city, Beppu.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I want to go talk to him.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: What...? Why?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Because he knows how to get to our
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: He'll never speak to a Gaiijin.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I'll be a nice Gaiijin.
text: Nick gets up and goes to the closet. He slides open the
text: door. All of his and Charlie's clothes have been neatly
dialog: hung up.
text: He shoves Charlie's jacket aside. Something's wrong with
text: the way it hangs. He pulls the jacket out, runs his hand
text: over the coat, feeling something heavy in the lining.
text: Nick rips the lining open. Charlie's .32 Beretta and a
text: spare clip tumble out.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: The little bastard. God bless him.
text: Ich takes a drink from his bottle.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: It's very small.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Big enough.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: It's illegal, Nick.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It's a new deal.
dialog: (putting it in his
dialog: waist band)
dialog: ... coming with me tomorrow?
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Sugai's not going to be impressed
dialog: with your gun, Nick.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No. I won't put myself in danger
dialog: for you anymore.
text: Nick picks up the liquor cap which rolled across the
text: floor. He tosses it to Ich. Ich reaches for it, but
dialog: misses.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Sure, pal. You've got better things
dialog: to do.
text: Nick walks out shutting the door behind him. Stay on Ich
text: watching the door, then --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LAS VEGAS BAR - CLOSING TIME
text: The last customers find their way to the street, some with
text: a little encouragement from a BOUNCER.
text: Joyce steps out. Nick comes up to her.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You know where I can get a decent
dialog: cup of coffee this time of night?
dialog: I'm buying.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Somebody must be suffering
dialog: somewhere, you're being so nice.
text: Joyce takes off down the street. Nick watches her for a
dialog: beat.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I need your help, Joyce.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Where's Ich?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Unavailable.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KARAOKE BAR - NIGHT
text: On the stage, a young professional looking man is singing
text: along to "SUMMERTIME" blasting from the stereo. The
dialog: Japanese way of letting it all hang out.
text: We find Joyce and Nick at a corner table having a drink.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I've heard of Sugai. I've also
dialog: heard of the emperor. They're both
dialog: national treasures. One's a hood.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I need someone to translate for me.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: My Japanese isn't that hot...
dialog: Besides, you'll never get in.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It's my last shot. I have to be on
text: a plane home tomorrow night.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: And I'm supposed to care?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You could fake it.
text: Joyce finishes her drink, sets it down.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: The neon flickers on the rain slicked pavement. Nick and
text: Joyce walk down the deserted street. She's carrying an
dialog: umbrella.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: You're wrong to sell Ich short.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: He drinks.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: He's got a reason.
dialog: Nick shrugs, everyone's got a reason.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
text: His son hooked up with some bikers.
text: Yakuza kids. A cop shot him running
dialog: from a robbery.
text: Nick looks over for the first time.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: A father doesn't out live that kind
dialog: of thing here, much less a police
dialog: officer...
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Where's the wife?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: You met her.
text: Nick looks surprised.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
text: The woman in the apartment. She
dialog: won't speak to him. But she won't
dialog: leave either. Japan... Nice, huh?
text: Before Nick can respond, something catches his eye: What
dialog: he sees --
speaker_heading: A MAN
text: partially shadowed, standing in the alley.
text: Nick grabs his gun. The man steps out zipping up his
text: trousers. It's a drunken Salaryman. Nick lowers his gun.
text: The Salaryman staggers down the street singing to himself.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Not wound too tight...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JOYCE'S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT
text: A three story modern building on a quiet street. She's
text: searching for her keys.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I'd invite you up but I know you'd
dialog: hate the incense.
dialog: (as if to explain)
dialog: I chant.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What do you chant?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: 'Nam oyo ranged kyo.' You think
dialog: it's dumb of course.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Not if it works.
dialog: (holding the door
dialog: open for her)
dialog: I'll meet you at the train?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I don't remember saying yes.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I don't remember you saying no.
text: Joyce smiles, heads inside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ICH'S APARTMENT - DAWN
text: Ich is sleeping.
text: Nick slips into his leather motorcycle jacket. He drops
text: Charlie's gun into his pocket. He glances down at Ich,
text: seeing if he's awake. He's not. Nick walks out.
text: Ich opens his eyes. He's been awake the whole time.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE YANAKA CEMETERY - DAY
text: Ich, wearing a blue suit, is pouring water over a simple
text: stone with a wooden dipper. Next, he places incense in a
text: holder and folds his hands in prayer.
text: The photo on the stone is of a young man wearing a school
dialog: uniform. Ich's son.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: A BULLET TRAIN - DAY
text: It's bull's-eye nose cone scuds across the endless rice
text: paddies west of Tokyo. Women in straw hats stand in the
text: knee deep water pruning the rice by hand. Old Japan
text: rubbing shoulders with the new.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - DAY
text: CLOSE ON NICK looking out the window as the countryside
text: shoots past at 140 mph. From O.S. several children
dialog: chanting: "Harrow, Harrow."
text: Nick looks over to see three uniformed school children
text: thrusting their notebooks and pens at him.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
text: is sitting across from Nick.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: They want your autograph.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Who am I supposed to be?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: This little guy thinks you're Robert
dialog: Redford... the other one thinks
dialog: you're Charles Bronson...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Tell them I'm not.
text: She does, but the kids insist.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: They'll never go away.
text: Nick, reluctantly signs. Joyce takes one of the kid's
text: notebooks before passing it back.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Mick Jagger?
text: Joyce smiles, surprised at his choice. Then, she looks up
dialog: shocked to see --
speaker_heading: ICH
text: carrying a gift wrapped package under his arm. He's
text: wearing his hat, blue suit and tie.
text: Ich sits ACROSS the aisle from Nick and Joyce. He doesn't
text: say a word. Faces straight ahead.
text: Nick looks at Joyce, then back at Ich.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I'm sorry, Ichiro. I lost it last
dialog: night. I shouldn't have hit you.
dialog: Still nothing from Ich.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What's in the box?
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: (still not facing
dialog: him)
dialog: For Sugai. Caviar, French cheese,
dialog: ham... If you come to apologize for
text: interrupting his meeting, Sugai may
dialog: feel obligated to see you.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: So I bring some cheese?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Gifts are expected here.
text: Nick nods, looks back out the window. He'll never
text: understand this country. He looks back to see --
text: Joyce looking annoyed at him. Nick gets the message.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Hey, Ich... Thanks. I'm glad you're
dialog: here. I mean it.
dialog: Ich still won't acknowledge Nick.
scene_heading: EXT. BULLET TRAIN
text: The Bullet Train disappearing into the foothills.
scene_heading: EXT. BEPPU - DAWN
text: Plumes of white steam spindle skyward from every street
dialog: corner. If you didn't know it was steam, you'd think the
text: city was on fire. Beppu is a resort famous for it's
dialog: geothermal baths.
scene_heading: EXT. SUGAI'S HOUSE
dialog: The only traditional house we'll see in our story. It's
text: surrounded by a pool of blood red steaming water from the
dialog: hot springs.
speaker_heading: AT THE GATE
text: CLOSE ON A 1000 yen bill as it is dropped on the ground.
text: A pair of dice rolls over it. A handful of GUARDS wearing
text: suits and ties are playing craps.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE GATE
text: Ich is sitting on the ground leaning against the wall,
text: sound asleep. Nick is standing nearby. He checks his
text: watch. Tired of waiting, he walks over to --
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: reading the Manichi Daily.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: They took the gift an hour ago.
text: The phone rings inside the gate. A guard picks it up.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (certain it's bad
dialog: news)
dialog: All's not lost. There's a famous
dialog: temple here. We could chant.
text: The guard hangs up, calls out to Joyce. Joyce responds in
text: Japanese. The guard opens the gate.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: We're in?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: The cheese...
scene_heading: INT. A ROOM IN SUGAI'S HOUSE
text: A vast, austere, traditional room with sliding rice paper
text: doors and tatami mats on the floor.
text: Ich and Joyce, drinking tea, are sitting with their feet
text: beneath them in the traditional manor.
text: Nick, smoking, is in a semi-sprawl; using his tea cup as
text: an ashtray.
text: A LIEUTENANT enters. He says something and beckons. They
text: all rise. He says something else.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (to Nick)
dialog: Just you.
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER ROOM - SUGAI'S HOUSE
text: Nick enters, ducking his head in the low doorway. the
text: shoji slides shut behind him.
text: The furnishings are minimal but elegant. There's a
text: butsudan, a tokonoma, and a low, long table in the middle
text: of the room. No chairs. Nick sits on the floor.
text: A door slides open at the far end of the room. Sugai,
text: wearing a kimono over western style suit, walks in. Nick
text: stands up to shake his hand. Sugai ignores it, and sits
text: in the traditional position: feet tucked beneath him.
speaker_heading: SUGAI
dialog: I'll spare you the ritual.
text: He tosses him a palm sized bundle. Nick catches it.
text: Inside, are brand new greenbacks: hundreds.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: This supposed to impress me?
text: He sets it down.
speaker_heading: SUGAI
dialog: Pick it up. Look at it.
text: Nick hesitates, then picks it up again. He runs his
text: fingers over the face of the bill and snaps the paper.
speaker_heading: SUGAI
dialog: Seven years work by the finest
dialog: engraver. Mass produced,
text: sequentially numbered. The best
dialog: there has ever been, Mr. Conklin.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I'm impressed. But let's use the
dialog: short form. I'm looking for --
speaker_heading: SUGAI
dialog: -- Kobo... I know. He killed two of
dialog: my partners. One in New York, one
text: at the printing plant.
text: Sugai fills a cup of tea for Nick and hands it to him.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I don't drink tea.
text: Sugai hands it to him anyway.
speaker_heading: SUGAI
dialog: I took Kobo from the street. I gave
dialog: him a home, a future... But my ways
dialog: were too slow for him... I served
dialog: seven years in prison for my boss
dialog: when I was a young man. Kobo
dialog: wouldn't serve seven minutes for his
dialog: Oyabun.
dialog: (sipping his tea)
dialog: He was supposed to take over this
dialog: syndicate when I retired.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I want him.
speaker_heading: SUGAI
dialog: He'll be dealt with.
text: Sugai sets a plastic wrapped object on a table before
text: Nick. Nick recognizes it from the restaurant massacre in
dialog: New York.
text: CLOSE UP: Nick's fingers tear at the plastic. A block of
text: black iridescent polymer. The negative image of a $100.00
text: bill. A printing plate.
speaker_heading: SUGAI
dialog: Our associates in New York were
dialog: close to closing a deal with us.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: The families who control the
dialog: casinos?
speaker_heading: SUGAI
dialog: Yes. Unlike our syndicates, your
dialog: criminals don't understand the words
dialog: 'honor' and 'duty'... We can't
dialog: afford not to deal with them.
text: Sugai takes the plate back.
speaker_heading: SUGAI
dialog: Imagine if your families could pay
dialog: their gambling and drug debts with
dialog: perfect counterfeit bought for cents
text: on the dollar.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: The Feds would be onto you in a
dialog: month.
speaker_heading: SUGAI
dialog: Not with these bills. And even if
dialog: it only took them six months, do you
dialog: know what our profit margin would
dialog: be?
text: Nick looks at a child playing near one of the hot pools in
text: Sugai's garden.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Why tell me this?
speaker_heading: SUGAI
dialog: The other plate is currently in New
text: York, in the hands of Kobo's man.
dialog: Find it for me.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You trust me?
speaker_heading: SUGAI
dialog: I'll pay you.
text: Nick laughs at Sugai's audaciousness.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (indicating the
dialog: counterfeit bills)
dialog: With these?
speaker_heading: SUGAI
dialog: Swiss bank deposit. Gold bullion.
dialog: Whatever you want. You know the
text: city and the police.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: If I say no?
speaker_heading: SUGAI
dialog: You're smarter than Kobo. You know
dialog: the price of deceit. Think about
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I don't have to.
text: Sugai cools. Without a word he gets to his feet and
text: starts toward the door.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I have ten hours to grab my man.
speaker_heading: ON SUGAI
text: still walking with his back to Nick.
speaker_heading: NICK (O.S.)
dialog: You won't get hurt.
text: Sugai turns to see Nick, across the room, pointing the
text: Beretta at his head.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - SUGAI'S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: The room where Ich and Joyce are waiting. Sugai enters.
text: Their surprise turns to shock when they see Nick behind
text: him holding a gun to the old man's head.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Let's go. Him first.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Nick, you can't do this.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It's done.
dialog: (to Joyce)
dialog: You don't have to come.
text: She hasn't moved a muscle.
scene_heading: INT SUGAI'S HOUSE - ENTRANCE WAY
text: Sugai watches calmly as Nick, Ich, and Joyce put their
text: shoes on. Nick keeps the gun on him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SUGAI'S COURTYARD
text: Nick steps out of the house. He now has one end of a wire
text: coat hanger loosely wrapped around Sugai's neck, the other
text: end around his wrist. His gun is pressed just beneath
text: Sugai's ear. If nick gets shot, so does Sugai.
text: A handful of guards stand in the courtyard, one is
text: polishing Sugai's Debonnaire car. They spot Nick and
text: Sugai coming, and immediately pull their guns.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Explain to them. They shoot me,
dialog: they kill you.
dialog: (Sugai hesitates)
dialog: DO IT!
text: Sugai explains to his lieutenants. They stand helpless as
text: Nick walks Sugai toward the car.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Grab the keys, Ich, and get inside.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Not now, man, okay, not now. Work
dialog: with me.
text: Ich takes the keys from the man polishing the car. He
text: gets inside. Joyce hurries in bedside him.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: You don't know what you're doing.
text: Nick slides Sugai in the back seat, carefully reaches over
text: and shuts the door.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Start it.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: I can't...
speaker_heading: JOYCE
text: Slide over.
text: Joyce, furious at Nick, starts the car, gets behind the
text: wheel. Ich gets in on the other side.
text: She spins the car around. The gate opens. They tear off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - BEPPU - DAY
text: The car bursts through the funnels of steam from the hot-
text: springs beneath the street. It tears down the narrow
text: block dodging traffic. Joyce is concentrating hard on the
dialog: road.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (to Ich)
dialog: Where's somewhere safe?
text: Nothing from Ich. He's still apoplectic.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: You came up with the first part.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. KUDAN LOVE HOTEL - BEPPU
text: A four story concrete hotel, strictly for making love.
dialog: "Love Hotels" exist all over Japan. Each have various
text: themes: western, fifties drive in, Star Wars, etc., each
text: complete with music and lighting effects.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM
text: Western style. Plastic five foot cacti in front of the
text: western vista on the walls. A hitching post at the head
text: of the bed. Cowboy hats and boots at the other end.
text: Sugai hangs up the phone and turns to Nick and Joyce who
text: are sitting nearby. Ich hangs up the extension.
speaker_heading: SUGAI
dialog: Kobo will meet me here tomorrow.
dialog: Ten a.m.
text: Ich nods, confirming that what Sugai says is true.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: SUGAI
dialog: He'll find out you took me. I'm
dialog: unprotected. He'll kill us. All of
dialog: us. You don't stand a chance.
text: Ich, knowing Sugai is right, looks at Nick. Nick flips
dialog: Ich the gun.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Not if we're careful.
text: Ich checks to make sure the gun is loaded, then watches as
text: Nick escorts Joyce out of the room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A HOTEL ROOM ACROSS THE HALL
text: Fifties theme. The front end of a pink chevy curves
text: around the bed. A "Drive-In" movie screen along one wall.
text: Nick is dropping change into the vintage Wurlitzer. Joyce
text: steps in, leaving the door open.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: You're out of your mind. I'm
dialog: leaving.
text: Nick doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: You'll get Ich killed.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: No one's keeping him here.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Bullshit, Nick. And don't tell me
dialog: this is all just about Charlie.
dialog: It's not.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Why would you care?
text: That pushes her over the line.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Bastard...
text: She moves toward him, enraged. Nick grabs her arm.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Let go.
dialog: He won't.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: You're out of your mind.
text: He grips her tighter.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE ROOM - LATER
text: Nick and Joyce, only partially undressed, are making love
text: on the floor. The Drifters singing "Under The Boardwalk"
text: can be heard on the Wurlitzer. The fifties decor, the
text: music, it's all pretty incongruous.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LOVE HOTEL - DAWN
text: Nick is putting Joyce in a taxi. He shuts the door.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I still think you're a bastard.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What if I chant?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Wouldn't help.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Watch out for Ich.
text: He nods. The cab drives off. Nick watches her taxi until
text: it is out of sight, around a corner, then heads inside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: NICK - LATER
text: walking into Sugai's room. Sugai's asleep on the bed.
text: Ich is vigilantly sitting awake in the corner, the gun
text: resting on the table in front of him.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Better wake him up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LOVE HOTEL - LATER
text: Quiet. The wind twirls a discarded newspaper in the
text: parking lot.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE LOVE HOTEL - HALLWAY
text: A YOUNG GIGGLING COUPLE step out of a door, arm in arm,
text: and disappear down the hall. STAR WARS MUSIC from one
text: room. HAWAIIAN MUSIC from another.
text: THE CAMERA FINDS the closed elevator door. It opens, Kobo
text: steps out, followed by a half-dozen more men all carrying
text: Sig-Saur assault rifles -- very heavy artillery.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: SUGAI
text: wearing his hat and coat is sitting on the couch, his back
text: to us, facing out the window.
dialog: Drop down to --
scene_heading: THE ROOM BENEATH HIM
text: A couple are making love in the Hawaiian theme room.
text: The door burst open. Two men, cradling Sig-Saur rifles in
text: their arms, step in. They aim at the ceiling, blasting
text: into Sugai's room above.
speaker_heading: THE GIRL
text: starts screaming. The men ignore her and continue to pump
text: bullets into the ceiling.
scene_heading: KOBO AND HIS MEN
text: stop in front of every door long enough to blast into the
text: room. They make their way down the hall.
text: A naked man steps into the hallway and is matter-of-factly
text: gunned down.
text: Kobo and his men stop in front of Sugai's room.
scene_heading: INT. SUGAI'S ROOM
text: Sugai, wearing his hat, is slumped down on the couch which
text: has been splintered by the bullets from below.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE ROOM
text: Kobo signals the men. All six open-up through the door.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE ROOM
text: The door, what's left of it, is kicked open. The six men
text: step in, shooting in all directions: into the bathroom
text: door, into the closet... Windows shatter, mirrors fall,
text: total destruction. They stop. SILENCE.
text: Kobo walks up to Sugai who is slumped on the couch. He
text: lifts up his hat. It's a cowboy mannequin wearing Sugai's
dialog: clothes.
scene_heading: THE ELEVATOR DOOR
text: opens. A DOZEN of Sugai's men carrying machine pistols
dialog: come out.
scene_heading: THE OUTSIDE BALCONY
text: Nick and Ich lie on their bellies, guns out.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE ROOM
text: Kobo's men turn. Sugai's men open-up. Three of Kobo's
text: hitters go down. The others try to flee into the
text: adjoining room.
text: Kobo goes for the balcony.
speaker_heading: THE BALCONY
text: as Kobo steps out. He steps right into --
speaker_heading: NICK
text: who slams the side of Kobo's head with the butt of his
dialog: gun.
speaker_heading: THE ROOM
text: Nick and Ich drag Kobo in by his jacket collar. Sugai,
text: very much alive, walks in from the hallway. Nothing is
text: said. Sugai looks at Kobo for a long beat, then walks
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SUGAI'S HOUSE - DAY
speaker_heading: KOBO
text: standing alone in the middle of a tatami room. His face
text: is badly beaten. His hands are bound. Two guards stand
text: near the wall. Nick and Ich stand across the room.
speaker_heading: SUGAI
text: wearing a western suit, is asking Kobo questions in
text: Japanese. Sugai barks at him again. Kobo refuses to
text: answer. Sugai pulls up a shuto -- an 18 inch knife --
text: from it's scabbard.
speaker_heading: SUGAI
dialog: (in Japanese)
dialog: Contact your associate in New York
dialog: and tell him to hand my plate over
dialog: to Abolofia.
dialog: Nothing from Kobo.
speaker_heading: SUGAI
dialog: You have betrayed the syndicate and
dialog: personally dishonored me. I would
dialog: rather the deal fell through than...
text: The guards walk over and turn Kobo around. His back is to
text: Sugai. Sugai runs the sword across the nape of Kobo's
text: neck drawing blood. The guards tighten their grip on
text: Kobo's arms.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: can't believe Sugai's going to kill him. Nick starts to
text: get up, Ich stops him.
text: Kobo realizes Sugai isn't just threatening him.
speaker_heading: KOBO
dialog: No... I'll arrange it.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: THE ROOM - LATER
text: Kobo is led back into the room by two guards. The guards
text: shove him down to the floor. His hands are still bound.
text: Nick walks over and stands above him. He doesn't say a
text: word. Just stands above him. Then, Nick pulls spare
text: change from his pocket and slowly drops the coins, one by
text: one, in front of Kobo's face, like Kobo did to him. He
text: walks away.
text: Sugai steps in.
speaker_heading: SUGAI
dialog: Abolofia's person has received the
dialog: plate. It's done.
text: A door opens at the far end of the room. It's Kobo's
text: girlfriend, the one Nick and Ich had been following.
text: She starts toward Kobo; a lieutenant intercepts her.
speaker_heading: SUGAI
dialog: (in Japanese)
dialog: I wanted you to see him like this.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (in Japanese)
dialog: Let him go, father.
speaker_heading: ON ICH
text: realizing she's Sugai's daughter.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (in Japanese)
dialog: You're too old...
speaker_heading: SUGAI
dialog: (in Japanese)
dialog: That's enough.
text: Sugai turns away and picks up the sword. The guards
text: clutch Kobo. Sugai's going to kill Kobo after all.
text: The girl screams at him to stop. Sugai's oblivious.
speaker_heading: NICK (O.S.)
dialog: That wasn't our deal.
speaker_heading: SUGAI
dialog: You want him dead too.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: After a court convicts him. He
dialog: belongs to me.
text: There's a long pause. Then, something unusual happens.
text: Sugai tells the lieutenant to unfasten Kobo's wrist. When
text: he does, Sugai hands Kobo the sword and demands that he
text: cut off his finger.
text: This is Yubitsume: the ritual act within the Yakuza of
text: slicing the joint of the little finger to atone for a
dialog: mistake.
text: Kobo, not believing in this ancient tradition, refuses.
text: Sugai nods to a guard who places Kobo's finger on the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: KOBO
text: stares defiantly at Sugai. He doesn't even wince as the
text: blade slices off his finger. The guard hands Sugai the
text: finger in a handkerchief.
speaker_heading: SUGAI
dialog: (looking at Nick)
dialog: If anything happens to Abolofia or
dialog: my plate, detective...
text: HOLD on Nick then --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN - DAY
text: as it bursts out of a tunnel on it's way to Tokyo.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - DAY
text: Kobo is sitting by the window, his hands cuffed in front
text: of him. Another pair of cuffs chain him to the arm rest.
text: Nick pours a drink from an airline-sized bottle of Scotch.
text: He holds it out to... Ich. It's his first drink in a
dialog: week.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Just one, compadre... Kampai.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Kampai.
text: They clink glasses. Ich drinks it down.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: It took 12 years to make it, you
dialog: could take five minutes to drink it.
text: Ich slows down.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You did great, Ichiro.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: I called Ohashi, he'll be waiting.
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I like him waiting.
text: Ich gets up.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Needs ice.
text: He heads for the bar car, leaving Kobo and Nick alone.
text: Kobo looks out the window at the people working the rice
text: paddies, then back down the aisle at the Salarymen in
text: their identical suits, then at the women separated from
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: KOBO
dialog: Ugly... A couple of thousand years
dialog: they've been bound by these little
text: rules. Looking in. Always afraid.
dialog: Ugly little lives...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Save it, I already took the tour.
speaker_heading: KOBO
dialog: You are a lucky man. Where you come
dialog: from a man can stand out. It's
dialog: expected. Here a man is made to
dialog: look a fool for standing out.
text: Nick isn't paying much attention.
speaker_heading: KOBO
dialog: I like your friend, Joyce. You're
dialog: lucky.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Guess I'm on a roll.
speaker_heading: KOBO
dialog: She's such a long way home for you.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Time, I've got plenty of.
text: A raucous SALARYMAN comes down the aisle, singing an Enka,
text: swaying with the train, bumping into seats. A common
text: enough sight and ignored by the rest of the passengers.
text: The Salaryman stumbles and falls across Nick's lap.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (helping him up)
dialog: Hey, hey, come on, blow...
text: The Salaryman bows deep. Nick ignores it. The man moves
text: on. Kobo looks out the window, the train begins to SLOW
text: as it approaches the next station.
speaker_heading: KOBO
dialog: (matter-of-factly)
dialog: This is my stop.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I'm amused.
speaker_heading: KOBO
dialog: Don't be.
text: Nick looks up to see Kobo calmly fingering a lock of blond
text: hair tied with black ribbon. Joyce's ribbon. Joyce's
dialog: hair.
speaker_heading: KOBO
dialog: I have her.
text: Nick looks down the car. The drunk Salaryman who stumbled
text: over Nick is quite sober. He made the hand-off to Kobo.
text: Kobo holds out his wrists. Nick hesitates.
speaker_heading: KOBO
dialog: (matter-of-factly)
dialog: I'll kill her.
text: Nick, reluctantly, unlocks both sets of cuffs. The train
text: pulls into the station.
speaker_heading: KOBO
dialog: I want the plate from your pal,
dialog: Sugai. When you get it, you get
dialog: her.
text: Kobo gets up, starts down the aisle.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Sugai won't give it to me, you know
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: KOBO
dialog: Then take it from him.
text: Kobo gets off the train.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: follows him to the door.
speaker_heading: THE STATION
text: Kobo get into a waiting Jaguar. Four guards nearby.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE TRAIN
text: Nick runs down the length of the car trying to keep the
text: Jaguar in sight as the train pulls out... the car is gone.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: bursts into the packed bar car.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Ichiro?!
text: Everyone turns around. No Ich.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN - TRAIN STATION - TOKYO
text: It slows into the station.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN
text: Nick shoves past the passengers lined up in the vestibule,
text: ignoring a conductor's angry shouts.
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL - MOMENTS LATER
text: The train stops. Nick flies out and starts running,
text: dodging the crowd.
text: Three uniformed policemen, including Ohashi's assistant,
text: hurry toward him; they're dismayed to find that Kobo is
dialog: gone.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Where's Ohashi?
text: Instead of offering him help, the policemen grab him and
text: slap a pair of handcuffs on Nick's wrists.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What the hell are you doing?!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: HOLDING CELL - TOKYO POLICE STATION
text: Nick, waiting alone in the cell. It's been hours. A door
text: at the end of the hall opens.
text: Ohashi stops in front of his cell.
speaker_heading: OHASHI
dialog: Your plane leaves at six. Two
dialog: officers will escort you.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: For God's sake, Ohashi, I need your
dialog: help. Let me out of here!
speaker_heading: OHASHI
dialog: You had my help, detective.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: If anything happens to her while I'm
dialog: here --
speaker_heading: OHASHI
dialog: -- Do you know where she is,
dialog: detective? Do you know how to find
dialog: her? Even where to start? We will
dialog: find them.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I have to get to Sugai.
speaker_heading: OHASHI
dialog: Goodbye, officer.
text: Ohashi keeps walking.
speaker_heading: NICK
speaker_heading: OHASHI!
text: The LOUD clank of metal on metal. Ohashi's gone.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: (yelling at the top
dialog: of his lungs)
dialog: OHASHI!!
text: HOLD on Nick, his fingers squeezing the bars in rage,
dialog: then --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: Flood rice paddies stretch to the distance on either side
text: of the road. We PAN over to Kobo at a phone kiosk outside
text: a gas station.
speaker_heading: KOBO
dialog: (in Japanese)
dialog: Yes. Do it.
scene_heading: INT. SUGAI'S HOUSE - AT THAT MOMENT
text: Kobo's girl, Sugai's daughter, hangs up the phone. She's
text: been on the other end of the line.
scene_heading: INT. SUGAI'S ROOM
text: The door swings open. Sugai is sitting on the floor. The
text: girl is carrying a tray of tea. Beneath the tray, we spot
text: something else -- the butt of a short-bladed tanto.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NARITA AIRPORT - TOKYO - DAY
text: A police car rolls through the service gate. We see Nick
text: inside the car along with two police guards.
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING ROOM - NARITA AIRPORT
text: A white room. No chairs. Jet engines can be HEARD
text: through the walls. Nick is sitting on the floor,
text: defeated. He doesn't look up when he hears someone enter.
speaker_heading: ICH (O.S.)
dialog: I'll tell you one thing. You can't
dialog: solve a thing sitting on your ass.
text: Nick looks up. Ich is in uniform. A revolver and batton
text: hang from his white web gear. His undershirt bulges
text: through his khaki shirt. He looks ridiculous. Nick has
dialog: never seen a more beautiful sight.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR
text: Ich is driving. Nick is seated behind a cage in the back
text: seat. His hands are cuffed. Ich is driving through the
text: freight area towards a perimeter guard.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I was ready to have your ass for
dialog: taking off on me.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: I followed them. An hour from the
dialog: train station.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: How many men?
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: I couldn't tell.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Joyce?
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: We need the plate to negotiate with.
text: Ich nods.
scene_heading: EXT. AT THE GATE - TOKYO AIRPORT
text: The car slows. Ich speaks rapidly to the guard showing
text: him his papers. The guard takes a good hard look at Nick.
text: Time stands still... He waves them through. Nick can
text: breath again.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: You know, Ichiro, you just burned
dialog: your bridges.
text: Ich is silent for a moment. He hands Nick's Beretta back
text: through the partition. So it goes.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Rest.
text: Nick looks for Ich's eyes in the rearview mirror. The
text: little cop keeps driving, his eyes on the road.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - BEPUKU - DAY
text: Nick and Ich are standing outside their car. The Police
text: radio crackles from inside.
dialog: WHAT THEY SEE:
text: A large crowd gathered outside of Sugai's estate. Police
text: have cordoned off the area. An empty ambulance is parked
text: out front with various other cars: Debonnaire's,
text: Cadillac's... A boy in shorts is endlessly bouncing a ball
text: against the compound wall. Whatever happened is long
dialog: over.
text: Ich flips off the radio.
speaker_heading: ICH
text: Someone attacked him.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Now we've got nothing to negotiate
dialog: with.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DUSK
text: The police car streaks across endless fields.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CAR
text: Nick is at the wheel. He rubs the sleep from his eyes.
text: Ich is slumped down in the seat watching the road.
text: Ich pulls out a cigarette. Nick lights it for him.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Joyce told me about your family.
dialog: It's tough...
text: Ich looks up surprised.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You have one?
speaker_heading: NICK
text: A wife. She left.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Me too.
text: Ich glances over at Nick, then back at the road.
text: Nicks rubs out his cigarette and presses down on the
dialog: accelerator.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. KOBO'S HIDEOUT - DAWN
text: A small, contemporary house perched on a dry piece of
text: land. A paved road, lined with dense foliage runs on a
text: berm between the flooded rice paddies.
text: ON NICK AND ICH
text: sitting in the car watching from a hillside turnoff.
dialog: There's no easy way in.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Let's go.
text: Ich hands Charlie his shuto -- an 18 inch long knife.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: What's that for?
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Luck.
text: Nick tucks the shuto inside his jacket.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Thanks.
text: Nick opens up his door and climbs out.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: You know, Nick, we can't lose.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (stopping)
dialog: Why's that?
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Because we're the biggest things to
dialog: hit this town since Godzilla.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THE DIRT ROAD
text: leading to the house lined with foliage. The rice paddies
text: on either side.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: NICK AND ICH
text: making their way through the waist high water.
speaker_heading: TWO WORKERS
text: with their hoes make their way into the water. They don't
dialog: see our cops.
speaker_heading: OUR COPS
text: making their way along the edge of the road. The SOUND of
text: a motorcycle coming.
scene_heading: THE MOTORCYCLE RIDER
text: slows and drops a gear as he turns off the main road and
text: onto the dirt berm toward the house. He's one of Kobo's
text: Bosozoku -- a long way from the streets of Tokyo.
text: The rider comes around the bend to see --
speaker_heading: A COP
text: standing in a uniform. Ich. For a moment he doesn't know
text: what to do. Then, he draws a pistol from his belt and
text: accelerates toward Ich.
speaker_heading: ICH
text: stands his ground as the bike closes in. The biker takes
dialog: aim.
text: Ich drops off to the side as --
speaker_heading: NICK
text: rises from a ditch and swings a hoe at the rider as he
text: passes, catching the man across the face. The rider drops
text: like a swatted fly. The biker's momentum carries it a few
text: yards before it falls and skids to a halt.
text: Nick hurries to the bike.
text: Ich drags the biker off the road, then catches up to his
dialog: partner.
speaker_heading: NICK AND ICH
text: raise the heavy bike. Nick mounts. He takes the riders
text: helmet and goggles from Ich, and puts them on.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: What are you going to do?
text: Nick doesn't know exactly. He taps the bike into gear, it
text: torques like a mule. There's a lot more juice here
dialog: than he's used to.
text: Nick fishtails for a minute, then gets the hang of it.
text: Ich heads off taking another route.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE
scene_heading: KOBO AND SUGAI'S DAUGHTER
text: are putting the last of their belongings into a suitcase.
text: She hands him the plate -- Sugai's plate.
text: Kobo kisses her as he slips it into his breast pocket.
text: The SOUND of a motorcycle approaching from outside.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE
text: Kobo steps out, and not recognizing Nick, raises his hand
text: to greet what he thinks is one of his men.
speaker_heading: ON NICK
text: bearing down on Kobo.
speaker_heading: ON KOBO
text: as Nick keeps coming. He is unable to see clearly until
text: Nick is almost on top of him.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: dumps the bike at the foot of the stairs and leaps on
dialog: Kobo.
text: Nick and Kobo roll off the narrow porch. Nick breaks
text: free. He isn't fighting fair this time. He slams his
text: foot into Kobo's face and ribs. Kobo tries to get up, but
text: Nick knees him in the chin.
text: A woman cries out in Japanese. Nick turns to see
speaker_heading: JOYCE
text: standing at the top of the steps. A biker is pressing the
text: muzzle of a Sig-Saur assault rifle on her. Kobo's girl is
text: beside them holding a small pistol.
speaker_heading: KOBO
text: gets to his feet. The biker tosses Kobo the rifle. Kobo
text: works the charging lever and holds the weapon at his side.
dialog: He has all the time in the world.
text: Kobo whirls and kicks Nick in the groin. Nick falls to
text: his knees in agony.
text: Kobo towers above Nick as he did in the alley in New York.
speaker_heading: KOBO
dialog: Still on your knees, Nick?
text: Kobo walks off, his back to Nick.
speaker_heading: KOBO
dialog: There's nothing you can do for me
dialog: anymore. I have the plate. Sugai's
dialog: dead. No there is something.
text: He walks up to the steps to Joyce.
speaker_heading: KOBO
dialog: You can tell me who I should shoot
dialog: first.
text: Nick struggles to get to his feet. Kobo turns and faces
text: Nick at the foot of the steps.
speaker_heading: ICH
text: appears behind Kobo and takes him down with an amazing
text: display of baton work that shows a lifetime of training.
text: He grabs the gun. A biker bursts out of the door. Ich
text: fires, hitting him in the thigh. He drops his gun.
speaker_heading: SUGAI'S DAUGHTER
text: grabs the gun.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: tackles her, and wrestles the gun away. She grabs for it.
text: Nick slugs her.
speaker_heading: A GUN BLAST
text: Ich is hit in the back of his shoulder, falls onto the
dialog: porch.
speaker_heading: KOBO
text: the shooter, is holding a pistol -- a Glock 17 automatic.
text: He fires at
scene_heading: NICK AND JOYCE
text: who scramble for cover.
speaker_heading: KOBO
text: continues firing as he climbs onto a motorcycle. He pops
text: the clutch and flies off down the road. Nick fires after
text: him, but Kobo's gone.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (to Ich)
dialog: You all right?
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Yes...
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: (to Joyce)
dialog: Call for help.
text: Nick mounts the other bike, and puts the turbo charged
text: rocket into gear.
speaker_heading: THE ROAD
text: Rain pours down as Kobo turns onto the main road. He
text: opens up the throttle, and in less than a second, he's a
text: screaming dot in the distance.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: comes around the same corner. His bike fishtails and
text: slides out from under him.
text: FURTHER DOWN THE ROAD
text: Kobo tears past a police car. The police car takes off
text: after him.
scene_heading: THE FOOTHILLS
text: A series of steep switchbacks traverse the steep, densely
text: forested hills.
text: Kobo's bike flies up the road. The police car can't keep
text: up, begins losing ground.
speaker_heading: THE POLICE CAR
text: going flat out, falling further and further behind.
text: Kobo's going to escape.
speaker_heading: SUDDENLY
text: Nick, bent low, shoots past the cop car. His left arm is
text: scraped and bloody.
speaker_heading: ON KOBO
text: glancing back, to see Nick gaining on him. Kobo's
text: pleased. He gives it more gas.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: pulling eight-five... ninety... one hundred. The rain
text: stings his face. It's hard to keep his eye open.
scene_heading: THE FOOTHILLS
text: Kobo leaning into one of the steep turns, climbing higher
text: and higher toward the clouds clinging to the top of the
dialog: peak.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: is gaining on him. He HEARS something coming up behind
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: A BOSOZOKU
text: the one Ich shot in the leg, is closing fast on his tail.
speaker_heading: ON NICK
text: as the biker draws even.
speaker_heading: THE BIKER
text: pulls out his long knife and slashes at Nick's shoulder.
text: Nick drops back causing him to miss. The biker drops
text: back. Nick tries to speed up, but the biker sticks with
dialog: him. He's a good rider, this boy. Very, very good.
text: The biker moves in again, blade drawn.
speaker_heading: NICK SEES
text: something the biker doesn't.
speaker_heading: A TRUCK
text: coming around the corner.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: swerves to avoid it at the last moment. The biker reacts
dialog: too late and runs --
text: INTO THE GLEAMING
text: radiator of the two ton truck, and disappears beneath its
dialog: wheels.
speaker_heading: ON KOBO
text: around the bend, glancing back. Empty road. He eases up
text: on the throttle -- a free man... He circles back only to
dialog: see
speaker_heading: NICK
text: burst around the corner charging toward him at a hundred-
text: and-twenty miles per hour, in the driving rain.
speaker_heading: KOBO
text: waits and waits. Nick draws closer. Then, Kobo tears off
text: back down the mountain, shooting past Nick.
text: Nick brakes... He slows down, and starts to turn, but the
text: wheels whirl on the gravel and the bike goes into a skid,
text: heading right for the edge of the road.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: NICK'S MOTORCYCLE
text: flying over the edge of the road, and down the cliff.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: THE EDGE OF THE ROAD
text: Nick, lying on his stomach at the edge of the cliff, his
text: arm is probably broken.
text: He tries to get up with a one arm push up. It's hopeless.
text: His head falls into a puddle of water.
text: The WHINE of an approaching motorcycle. Kobo has come
text: back for him.
text: Nick, in excruciating pain, struggles for his gun.
speaker_heading: KOBO
text: bearing down on Nick.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: struggling to get his gun. Finally he does. But it's
text: caked in mud. If the barrel is stuffed it will explode.
text: Nick has to take the chance.
speaker_heading: ON KOBO
text: Closer and closer.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: aims as best he can and fires. The mud caked gun explodes
text: in his hand. Nick screams in agony.
speaker_heading: KOBO
text: pulls his bike up inches in front of Nick's head. Nick
text: seems to be bleeding everywhere: his hand, his nose, his
text: mouth, the side of his head...
text: Kobo's face and neck is caked in blood from when Nick beat
dialog: him.
text: The rain pours down.
text: He picks up the gun. Points it at Nick, squeezes the
dialog: trigger.
speaker_heading: KOBO
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: Bang... bang...
text: He tosses the gun in front of Nick's face.
speaker_heading: KOBO
dialog: ... You're dead.
text: The sound of approaching Police SIRENS.
text: Kobo swings the bike around, goes a hundred yards down the
text: road, then swings back.
text: Kobo guns the engine. He gain speed... thirty, thirty-
dialog: five.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: struggles to get up. He can't.
speaker_heading: KOBO
text: opening the throttle.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: crawling a few inches, that's it.
speaker_heading: KOBO
text: twenty yards away.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: reaches into his coat and pulls Ich's 18 inch shuto out.
text: He rolls away at the last moment, slashing Kobo's ankle as
text: he races past.
speaker_heading: KOBO
text: screams in pain. He tries to stop too suddenly. The bike
text: flips over. Kobo flies into the air then hits the
text: pavement on his side and rolls a few yards down the road.
text: He stops on his back. It's lucky he's alive.
text: The SOUND of fast approaching police SIRENS.
speaker_heading: THE PLATE
text: has fallen out of Kobo's jacket. It rests in the road,
text: halfway between the two men.
speaker_heading: KOBO
text: crawls toward it on his belly.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: mustering all his strength, struggles across the road on
dialog: all fours.
speaker_heading: KOBO
text: crawling snake-like.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: still moving, his arms and legs feel like lead.
speaker_heading: KOBO'S FINGERS
text: as they reach for the plate.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: grabs Kobo's wrist forcing him to drop the plate. Nick
text: picks up a rock. It looks as if he's going to smash
text: Kobo's head. Instead, he brings it down on the plate,
text: shattering it in a half-dozen pieces.
text: Nick tosses the pieces in front of Kobo's face.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Keep the change.
text: Nick, exhausted, slowly falls onto his back. He looks
text: over at Kobo, their faces are inches apart. Nick makes a
text: slashing mark with his index finger above his eyebrows.
text: The same gesture Kobo made to Nick through the two-way
text: mirror in New York.
text: Nick passes out. His eyes shut... the screen...
text: FADES TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: BLACK SCREEN
text: The SOUND of three police cars screeching to a halt. The
text: SOUNDS of the police SIRENS winding down.
text: The SIRENS get softer mixing with the SOUND of RINGING
text: phones, CLACKING typewriters, VOICES...
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. TOKYO POLICE HEADQUARTERS
text: Fifty identical desks. Fifty identically dressed men in
text: white shirts and ties work under fluorescent lights.
speaker_heading: OHASHI
text: is at his desk studying a report.
text: Suddenly, the lights go out. The fan's stop, so do the
text: electric typewriters.
text: Ohashi looks up to see --
speaker_heading: ICH
text: walking toward him down the long aisle, his left arm is
text: bandaged, his right hand handcuffed to Kobo on crutches.
text: Ich silently leads the captured man down the long aisle to
text: Ohashi's desk.
speaker_heading: ICH
text: stops in front of the desk and snaps to attention.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Constable Ichiro Matsumoto presents
dialog: captured prisoner Kobo, Chief
dialog: Inspector Ohashi.
text: Ich salutes.
speaker_heading: OHASHI
dialog: Inspector Ohashi will take charge of
dialog: the prisoner.
text: Ich uncuffs Kobo and steps aside to reveal --
speaker_heading: NICK
text: standing at the far end of the room by the fuse box. He's
text: also bandaged and on crutches.
text: Nick looks at Ohashi without saying a word, then flips the
text: main switch up. The lights and fans start working.
text: He turns and walks out the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE COURTYARD - A FEW DAYS LATER
text: A small decoration ceremony.
speaker_heading: ON ICHIRO
text: getting two golden suns pinned to the lapel of his dress
dialog: uniform.
text: In the far corner
scene_heading: NICK, JOYCE AND
text: Ichiro's wife, dressed in a formal kimono, watch the
dialog: ceremony.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JAPANESE RESTAURANT - TOKYO - DAY
text: Joyce and Nick are sitting alone at a table. Nick's left
text: arm in in a sling.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Can't make you change your mind?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Last time you asked me to come along
text: I nearly got a hole in my head.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Might be different in New York.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Maybe. If I come visit, we can find
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: I'd like that.
text: Ich sits down with two fresh bowls of soba noodles. Nick
text: hesitates.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: You can do it.
text: Nick picks up his chopsticks with his good hand. He
text: begins to slurp the noodles.
speaker_heading: ICH
text: Louder, pal, louder.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Joyce, give the assistant Chief
dialog: Inspector a drink, would you?
dialog: As Joyce refills all their cups we...
scene_heading: SLOWLY DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EIGHT THREE PRECINCT - NEW YORK CITY - DAY
text: It's raining. A sun shower.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION
text: Capt. Oliver is standing by the window watching the rain
text: pour down.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: ... Remember, counterfeiting is the
dialog: Feds. They'll be all over
dialog: Abolofia's place. Stick tight.
dialog: You I.D. the other plate, he does
dialog: real time.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Right.
text: Reveal Nick sitting in front of Oliver's desk, his one arm
text: is still in a sling. Nick gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (still not facing
dialog: him)
dialog: You know, Nick, if you'd held on to
dialog: that plate, you could've been a very
dialog: rich man.
text: Oliver turns to face Nick. Nick just looks at him, then:
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Never crossed my mind.
text: Oliver nods; he believes him.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Be careful on the run.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD BAY - NIGHT
text: In contrast to the Japanese police station -- it's chaos.
text: Cops are in every imaginable kind of dress, trash cans
text: over flow, a handcuffed prisoner screams abuse to anyone
dialog: who will listen.
scene_heading: THE RAIDING PARTY
text: a dozen men in all, are donning flak jackets and
text: windbreakers with POLICE and TREASURY stenciled on the
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: NICK
text: walks in with two heavy bullet proof vests slung over his
text: shoulder. He squeezes past the raiding party to find
speaker_heading: ICH
text: sitting at a desk, thumbing through a Frommer's guide to
text: New York City. Nick drops one of the vests on the desk.
text: It lands like a ton of bricks. Ich continues to read.
text: A Sergeant walks in.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
text: Saddle up. Hard team in the first
dialog: unit. Conklin, your RMP awaits.
text: The cops and treasury men, grabbing their gear, head for
text: the door.
text: Nick is struggling to get into his vest using one arm.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Sure you want to come? Probably
dialog: better than the Greyline Tour.
text: Ich stands up, shoves the guidebook in his back pocket.
text: He helps Nick fasten the strap in back.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: You wouldn't make it without me.
text: Nick smiles, takes the Frommer's out of Ich's pocket and
text: tosses it into the trash.
text: Nick hands him a shotgun, takes another one off the rack
dialog: for himself.
text: We watch from behind as the two men head down the long
text: hallway toward the exit.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: Think we'll get him, Nick?
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: We can't lose.
speaker_heading: ICH
dialog: How can you be so sure?
text: Nick opens the door at the far end of the hallway. They
text: step out into the sunlit rain.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Cause you're the biggest thing to
dialog: hit this town since...
text: Before Nick can finish his line, the door SLAMS SHUT
text: behind them.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
