dialog: 
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: -----
dialog: by
dialog: 
dialog: David S. Goyer
text: Darkness, BLOOD-CURDLING SCREAMS. Presentation credits roll as we
speaker_heading: FADE UP ON:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL, INNER-CITY TRAUMA WARD - NIGHT
dialog: It's 1967, the Summer of Love and --
text: BOOM! Entry doors swing open as PARAMEDICS wheel in a FEMALE BLEEDER,
text: VANESSA (20s, black, nine months pregnant). She's deathly pale,
text: spewing founts of blood from a savagely slashed throat --
text: A SHOCK-TRAUMA TEAM swarms over her, inserting a vacutainer into an
text: artery to draw blood, wrapping a blood pressure cuff around her
dialog: arm --
speaker_heading: NURSE #1
dialog: (with stethoscope)
dialog: She's not breathing!
speaker_heading: SENIOR RESIDENT
dialog: Intubate her!
text: The RESPIRATORY THERAPIST feeds an endotracheal tube down the woman's
text: ruined throat, attaches that to an Amblu bag --
speaker_heading: RESIDENT
dialog: Blood-pressure's forty and falling --
text: The woman starts spasming violently. It takes three staff members
text: just to hold her down.
speaker_heading: SENIOR RESIDENT
dialog: Jesus, her water's broken --
dialog: (calling for help)
text: She's going into uterine contractions --
text: CAMERA PUSHES IN on the woman as she bolts upright, SCREAMING to wake
text: the dead. We PLUNGE INTO the darkness of her mouth and find
dialog: ourselves --
scene_heading: INSIDE HER BLOODSTREAM
text: The sound of a HEART BEATING, pounding as we whip-snake through --
speaker_heading: CORPUSCLES
text: floating in amber plasma. Erythrocytes, leukocytes, neutrophils and
dialog: eosinophils.
text: The rhythmic expansion of the artery walls, pulsing with each
text: successive surge of blood as the HEART BEATS FASTER AND FASTER,
dialog: taking us --
speaker_heading: IN UTERO,
text: A CHILD, alive but unborn, shifting in a sea of amniotic fluid,
text: surrounded by the white, protective substance known as vernix
text: caseosa. The HEARTBEAT races like a locomotive now. The unborn child
text: shifts, turns its head towards us --
text: -- and opens its eyes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: A SWORDBLADE
text: cleaving the darkness, radiant light slicing across gleaming Damascus
text: steel. Words acid-etched in the weapon's fine-tempered surface:
speaker_heading: BLADE
text: Main credits end.
scene_heading: EXT. INNER CITY, INDUSTRIAL GHETTO - NIGHT
text: A decaying no man's land populated by condemned buildings and HUNGRY
text: HOMELESS. Steam rises from manhole covers, drifting across the
text: litter- lined streets. Suddenly --
text: A black Mercedes 850 appears over the crest of a hill, ROARING past
text: us, stereo system belting out FILTER.
scene_heading: INT. MERCEDES - NIGHT
text: Raquel, a wasp-wasted woman, sits behind the wheel. 20s, rich,
text: sickeningly attractive. Hungry eyes.
text: Squirming around in the passenger seat is DENNIS, a model/actor boy-
text: toy with a sub-zero IQ and a "fuck me sideways" grin.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: So where we going?
speaker_heading: RAQUEL
dialog: It's a surprise.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: I likes surprises.
text: Raquel eyeballs Dennis -- "if looks could devour".
speaker_heading: RAQUEL
dialog: What do you have down there, little
dialog: man?
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Heat-seeker.
speaker_heading: RAQUEL
dialog: I'll bet.
text: Raquel slides a manicured hand up his thigh, squeezes his groin.
text: Dennis MOANS. She pulls her hand away, downshifts.
scene_heading: EXT. VACANT LOT - NIGHT
text: The 850 threads a narrow alley into a vacant lot, BRAKES hard. Raquel
text: and Dennis climb out. She leads him into --
scene_heading: EXT. MEAT PACKING PLANT - NIGHT
text: Industry never sleeps, and certainly not this grisly facility. Raquel
text: leads Dennis around the back of the plant, where a host of WORKERS
text: are loading refrigerated trucks with product.
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: What the fuck are we doing here?
text: Raquel just smiles, heads on into the plant via a loading door. The
text: workers ignore her.
scene_heading: INT. MEAT PACKING PLANT - NIGHT
text: Dennis follows Raquel through the bowels of the plant, catching
text: glimpses here and there of carcasses being rendered or hacked apart.
text: Through one partially open door we see what might be a line of
text: BODYBAGS being trundled into the back of a truck via a hook and chain
text: pulley-system. But Dennis doesn't have enough time to be disturbed by
text: the vision, because he's being pulled away by Raquel, led down --
speaker_heading: A STAIRWELL
text: We are in the basement now. At the end of the hall is a steel door,
text: with perhaps, just the faintest HINT OF MUSIC heard coming from
text: beyond. Raquel knocks.
text: A "peep-hole" slat opens and a BLACK LIGHT shines into Raquel's eyes.
text: A VOICE behind the door offers a verbal challenge, speaking a
text: language we've never heard, laced with a devilish cadence.
text: Raquel responds in kind. The door opens. Raquel gives Dennis a
text: knowing wink, enters. Dennis follows.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB - NIGHT
text: Raquel and Dennis move past a hulking DOORMAN, making their way down
text: a narrow stairway. Dennis is suitably impressed.
speaker_heading: THE CLUB
text: is elite, underground -- an "abattoir-chic" version of an old-time
text: juke joint with a greasy, dangerous vibe. White-tiled walls and
text: floors for easy hosing, chromed fittings, run-off gutters, drains. No
dialog: bar.
speaker_heading: BODIES
text: writhe on the strobe-lit dance floor. A heavy S&amp;M scene. Leather.
dialog: Latex. Tattoos. Body-piercings.
text: A D.J. wearing head-mounted spotlights orchestrates the tunes on
text: twin- decks. MUSIC assaults us -- a beat so heavy it could jar the
text: fillings from your teeth. Brutal "DARKCORE" along the lines of
dialog: Prodigy or Underground.
text: Raquel pulls Dennis out onto the dance floor. They sway.
text: A lupine-featured GAULTIER GIRL with a streak of white running
text: through her raven hair moves in behind Dennis, pressing up against
text: him. Rachel Williams as the Angel of Death -- we'll call her MERCURY.
text: Mercury flicks her tongue against Dennis' ear -- it's been pierced
text: with a silver post which clicks against her teeth. Tattooed across
text: her back in black is a swirling, tribal vortex.
text: Dennis is now sandwiched between Raquel and Mercury, the three of
text: them dry-humping their way to every man's glory.
text: The beat gets LOUDER. The action heavier. The atmosphere more
text: narcotic. People are stripping off their clothes, sweating like
text: fiends. It's a virtual orgy.
text: Dennis laughs, reveling in the hedonism. Everything rises to a fever
dialog: pitch --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: (over the music)
dialog: Fuck, I need a drink!!!
text: Raquel just smiles -- then Dennis notices a DROP OF SOMETHING spatter
text: his hand. It looks like blood. Dennis looks up, concerned --
text: -- MORE BLOOD DROPLETS are falling. Raquel's face is sprinkled with
text: them now. Dennis stops dancing. What is this? Some kind of fucked up
dialog: performance art?
text: Raquel turns her face toward the ceiling, as if washing herself in a
text: summer shower, now the other club goers are looking up too --
scene_heading: BLOOD SHOWERS DOWN
text: from sprinkler heads in the ceiling, drenching the dancers. The club
text: goers love it, thrusting their heads back, mouths open wide to
text: receive the crimson offering.
text: Horrified, Dennis recoils, turning towards --
speaker_heading: RAQUEL,
text: whose face morphs into a preternatural snarl. Her canines extend,
text: tapering to razor-sharp points. Her tongue flicks, lizard-like as
text: fingernails sharpen into claws. All this while the whites of her eyes
text: BLEED RED, pupils oscillating hypnotically.
speaker_heading: RAQUEL
dialog: What's wrong, baby?
text: Dennis SCREAMS, pushes away from Raquel, only --
dialog: -- Mercury has fangs now too. In fact, everyone in the club does,
dialog: with the exception of poor Dennis. That's because they're all
dialog: vampires.
text: Dennis tries to run, but the burly Doorman blocks his exit, brutally
text: smashing his fist into Dennis' face.
text: Dennis falls, dazed. The club-goers close in around him. They make a
text: game of it, shoving him from one person to another, their pale faces
text: leering like twisted jack-o-lanterns.
text: The strobe lights quicken to a seizure-inducing intensity. Dennis
text: spins, tumbling into Raquel's arms. She shoves him forward -- Dennis
text: lands on the floor, falling at someone's boot-clad feet. He looks up.
text: A DARK FIGURE sits in the shadows, unnoticed until this moment. The
text: figure stands, moves into the light as time screeches to a halt --
speaker_heading: A BLACK MAN,
text: towers above Dennis, wearing dark glasses and a leather longcoat -- a
text: sneer of cruel contempt etched upon a face tempered by a lifetime of
text: horror. His name is BLADE.
text: Blade whips open his long coat, shrugging it off, revealing an
text: arsenal of high-tech weapons strapped to his body:
text: 6-point adjustable body armor, a modified CAR-15 assault rifle with
text: an ultra-violet entry light, two Casull .454 revolvers, a "Demon"
text: automatic cross-bow, a bandoleer of mahogany stakes, an Indian-style
dialog: katar punching dagger -- and last, but certainly not least, his
text: namesake -- a silver sword which is secured in a back-scabbard.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BLADE
text: A gaze as cold and pitiless as a midnight sun. The vampire club-goers
text: stare back. Nuclear silence. And then --
text: All hell breaks loose. With a SNARL, Raquel charges at Blade, moving
text: at superhuman speed, practically a blur --
text: Blade draws his Casulls, FIRES in multiple directions --
scene_heading: MACRO BULLET SHOT
text: as a round roars through the air towards Raquel. A silver-tipped dum-
text: dum bullet which explodes on contact.
text: WHAM! The round punches a fist-sized hole through Raquel's chest,
text: continuing on into the vamp behind her! Vampire blood fountains. Both
text: creatures tumble forward, their bodies liquefying into puddles of
text: black oil which go gurgling down the run-off drains.
text: Blade continues FIRING, then -CLICK!- magazines empty. Next. He
text: holsters the Casulls, swings up his assault rifle, calmly flicks on
text: the UV entry light mounted above --
speaker_heading: MERCURY
text: leaps twenty feet straight up into the air. We've never seen anything
text: move so fast. She CRASHES through a glass skylight, disappearing into
dialog: the night just as --
text: -- a shaft of blinding UV "sunlight" cuts across the vampires. They
text: rear back, skin smoking from the light's corrosive effects. Blade
text: opens FIRE, pumping round after round of wooden fragmentation bullets
dialog: into the crowd -- vampire genocide.
text: The strobe lights flicker as the mayhem mounts. Some of the vampires
text: try to flee, scurrying up the stairs, but the exit quickly becomes
text: clogged with liquefying bodies --
text: -- then Blade's CAR-15 jams. The remaining club-goers see their
text: opening, surge forward en masse --
text: Blade drops the rifle, reaches over his shoulder and -SCHINGGG!-
text: unsheathes his sword with a double-handed grip.
speaker_heading: THE SWORD
text: Four acid-etched feet of blood-soaked Damascus steel. An edge so
text: sharp it could cleave a shadow in two.
text: Blade moves like lightning, hacking his way into TWO CHARGING
text: VAMPIRES. Blade spins again, cuts ANOTHER VAMPIRE clean in half --
text: ON THE FAR END OF THE CLUB,
text: a LATEX-CLAD VAMP makes a break for it. Blade flings his sword,
text: sending it spinning end over end -- THUNK! The sword punches into the
text: vampire's heart. The hellish creature convulses, dies.
text: Beat. Blade retrieves his sword, then senses --
speaker_heading: SOMETHING BIG
text: rising up behind him. In a flash, Blade swings his sword downward,
text: cutting off the vampire's right hand at the elbow. The severed limb
text: falls to the floor --
text: -- but it doesn't slow the hulking creature down. It SLAMS into
text: Blade. Blade flies backwards thirty feet, tumbling over tables,
text: slamming into the rear wall so hard that plaster rains down from the
dialog: ceiling.
text: Blade suddenly finds himself wrestling with a feral-faced six-foot-
text: something nightmare named QUINN. The vampire rears back its head,
text: jaws stretching wide. Every inch of his face is covered with ritual
text: scarification patterns and Maori-like tribal tattoos.
text: Blade forces an elbow against Quinn's throat, trying to keep him at
text: bay. With his other hand he reaches to his bandoleer, pulls out a
text: stake -- CRUNCH! Blade shoves the stake through the vampire's larynx.
text: Quinn gurgles, clutches at his throat.
text: Blade rolls out from under, unholsters the cross-bow secured to his
text: leg. With a flick of a switch the arms of the bow -SNAP!- open,
text: drawing the bow-string taut. Blade FIRES --
text: The bolt hits Quinn in the shoulder, throwing him backwards and
text: nailing him to the wall. As Quinn reaches over with his other hand to
dialog: pull out the stake --
text: Blade FIRES AGAIN. A second bolt slams into Quinn's other arm,
text: effectively pinning him like a butterfly to a board.
speaker_heading: UP ABOVE,
text: mounted in one of the corners, is a security camera. Blade fires a
text: cross-bow bolt straight into the lens.
text: Blade strides over, placing his sword against Quinn's chest.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Where is Deacon Frost?
text: Quinn glares, trying to speak, gagging on the stake still lodged in
dialog: his trachea --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Got something in your throat.
text: Blade yanks the stake free. The vampire laughs, air whistling through
text: his ruined larynx.
speaker_heading: QUINN
dialog: Fuck you, Day-walker, I ain't saying
dialog: shit --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Frost.
text: Quinn responds with a slew of rapid-fire vampire invectives. Blade
text: sees he's getting nowhere fast, calmly sheathes his sword. He unclips
text: a white phosphorous grenade from his combat harness --
speaker_heading: QUINN
dialog: You won't stop him, Blade. The Tide's
dialog: rising, the Sleeper's gonna --
text: Blade shoves the grenade in Quinn's mouth, pulls the pin. WHOOSH!
text: Quinn goes up like a roman candle. Blade turns, surveying his work,
text: ignoring the howling pyre behind him:
text: All evidence of the vampires is gone -- with the exception of a few
text: oily-black puddles. Clothes, jewelry -- it's all been burned away by
text: the acidic process of the creatures' accelerated decomposition.
text: DENNIS sits huddled in a corner, having pissed his pants. As Blade
text: approaches, he cringes back --
speaker_heading: DENNIS
dialog: Please don't --
text: Blade simply grabs Dennis by the jaw, tilting his head upward,
text: rotating it from side to side -- looking for bite marks. There aren't
dialog: any.
text: Blade moves on, leaving Dennis alone amidst the carnage. As Blade
text: starts up the stairs, he pauses in mid-step --
speaker_heading: A COCKROACH
text: scurries out from underfoot.
text: Blade adjusts his footfall, sparing the roach. He continues on up the
text: stairs, disappearing in the smoky haze.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CITY HOSPITAL, AUTOPSY ROOM - NIGHT
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS a bagged corpse as it's rolled into the autopsy room
text: by an ASSISTANT.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Brought you a baked potato, nice
text: and crispy. Still warm, too.
text: CURTIS WEBB, the forensic pathologist (30s, white bread, a little on
text: the smarmy side) steps forward, unzips the bag --
text: It's Quinn, what's left of him, anyway. Burnt to a charcoal
text: briquette, limbs twisted horribly, oozing fluids.
text: Curtis turns his head, grimacing, wafting the air.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Jesus, that's rank --
text: Curtis turns back, makes note of the blackened stump where Quinn's
dialog: arm used to be, the ruined throat --
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: What's his story?
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
text: Paramedics said he was still screaming
dialog: when they found him. Looks like some
text: joker had stapled him to a wall.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Pretty.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL, HEMATOLOGY LAB - NIGHT
speaker_heading: MICROSCOPE POV
text: of a slide-mounted blood smear stained with Wright stain (blue ink).
text: What we see is a collection of donut-shaped pink things (red blood
text: cells) intermingled with some small blue specks (platelets) and the
text: occasional larger, light-blue blobs (white blood cells).
text: KAREN JANSEN (20s), a fine-featured hematologist with a social life
text: in suspended animation, sits back from the microscope, stumped. Next
text: to her is JULIE WHITAKER, a cheerful chemtech.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: You took this off a DOA?
text: Curtis sits on a stool nearby, slowly nodding.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: This isn't human blood.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Then what is it?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I don't know --
dialog: (re: microscope)
dialog: Look at this blood smear --
text: Curtis takes a look for himself.
speaker_heading: KAREN
text: The red blood cells are biconvex,
dialog: which is theoretically impossible.
dialog: They're hypochromic, there's virtually
dialog: no hemoglobin in them.
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: Look at the PMNs, they're binucleated,
dialog: they should be mononucleated.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: What about the chemistry panel?
text: Karen looks to Julie, who reaches for a computer print-out.
speaker_heading: JULIE
dialog: Blood sugar level is three times the
dialog: norm, phosphorous and uric acid are
dialog: off the scales.
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Like the woman said, impossible.
text: Karen removes her glasses, rubbing the bridge of her nose.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Curtis, it's three in the morning. I'm
dialog: really not in the mood for one of your
dialog: practical jokes.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: (insistent)
dialog: It's not a joke. I've got the stiff
text: sitting in the morgue right now --
dialog: look, just come up and see him, okay?
dialog: Five minutes, that's all I ask.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I thought you promised to give me some
dialog: distance?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: This is purely professional curiosity,
dialog: Karen, I swear.
text: Karen rolls her eyes, lets loose a tired sigh.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Five minutes, not a second more. And I
dialog: don't want to hear a word about "us".
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: No problem.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL MORGUE - NIGHT
text: The dead of night, not a mouse in the house. Curtis and Karen, each
text: garbed in a mask, stand on either side of Quinn's body, which now
text: rests on the autopsy table.
speaker_heading: QUINN'S BODY
text: A preliminary exploratory Y-incision has been made across the chest,
text: stretching from shoulder to shoulder, then continuing on down the
text: abdomen. Ribs and cartilage have been cut open to expose the heart
dialog: and lungs.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: You haven't started in on the internal
dialog: organs?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Just the blood sample from the
text: pericardial sac.
text: Curtis pauses, studying Quinn's disfigured face -- the features seem
text: much less damaged now -- almost as if the corpse were healing itself.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: That's weird --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CURTIS
text: He looks different now, burns are less
dialog: extreme, some of these wounds have
dialog: closed up --
text: Curtis pulls out a penlight, flicks it on. He leans over Quinn,
text: shining the light into one of his eyes.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Tell me something, honestly, you ever
dialog: have second thoughts about us?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (grudgingly)
dialog: Sometimes --
text: Curtis looks up from the corpse, grinning beneath his mask.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: -- but then I remember what an
dialog: ass-hole you were and I'm snapped back
dialog: to reality.
speaker_heading: CURTIS
dialog: Jesus, Karen, you're breaking my heart
dialog: here --
text: Quinn suddenly bolts up from the autopsy table, sinking his fangs
text: into Curtis' jugular. He snaps the man's neck in two for easier
text: access, sucking in blood like a living vacuum.
text: Karen stumbles backwards, sending autopsy tools CLATTERING.
speaker_heading: QUINN
text: rises from the table, flinging Curtis' twitching body aside. He curls
text: his blood-soaked lips back, baring viper-like fangs, emitting a
scene_heading: GUTTURAL GROWL --
speaker_heading: QUINN
dialog: (crazed by thirst)
dialog: -- more -- blood --
text: Karen backs into the corpse drawers, but Quinn is upon her in a half-
text: second, wrapping a hand about her throat. His mouth opens/morphs
text: disturbingly wide as if to swallow her head whole, caustic saliva
text: dripping from his canines --
text: Karen tries to turn her head away, but Quinn's grip is vise-like. She
text: finds herself staring into his eyes -- pupils pulsing rapid-fire,
text: opening and closing, hypnotic --
text: As Quinn sinks the tips of his fangs into Karen's carotid artery and
dialog: starts to nurse --
text: BANG!!! A load of MAHOGANY buckshot chews into Quinn's side. He HOWLS
text: in pain. Another load catches him full in the face. He drops Karen.
text: She falls to the floor --
speaker_heading: KAREN'S POV
text: The sound of RUSHING BLOOD pounding through her skull. Everything
text: spinning. She struggles to move, turns her head, finds herself eye to
text: eye with Curtis' corpse.
speaker_heading: ON QUINN
text: rising, his face torn up, smoking. WHIP PAN TO --
speaker_heading: BLADE,
text: standing at the entrance to the morgue, a streetsweeper auto-shotgun
text: in hand, sizing Quinn up.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Now don't we look dapper?
text: Quinn BELLOWS with rage, ripping one of the heavy steel refrigeration
text: doors from its hinges, flinging it at Blade like it was lawn
dialog: furniture --
text: Blade rolls to the side as the door CRASHES against the wall. Quinn
text: runs, moving through the morgue like a human tornado, heading for the
text: windows at the end of the room --
text: SMASH!!! Out goes Quinn, taking half the wall with him. Blade rushes
text: to the decimated window, looks down --
speaker_heading: BLADE'S POV
text: Quinn lands on the roof of an ambulance parked four stories below,
text: caving it in. He springs off, loping across the tarmac on three
text: limbs, then -SCREECH!-THWUMP!- rolling up onto the hood of an
text: oncoming car, before disappearing into the night --
text: BACK UP ABOVE,
text: Blade spins, SEES Karen bleeding her life away on the floor. She
text: reaches a hand out to him, beseeching --
text: Blade pulls away from her grasp, takes a step towards the exit --
text: then hesitates.
text: A flicker of doubt washes across Blade's face. He looks down at Karen
text: once more, wrestling with his conscience, finally making a decision.
text: He kneels, scoops Karen up into his arms. Just then,
speaker_heading: TWO POLICEMEN
text: rush into the morgue, weapons drawn --
speaker_heading: UNIFORM #1
dialog: Hold it, ass-hole!
text: Blade ignores them, turning to face the window before him. It's a
text: good thirty feet to the roof of the adjacent building, a parking
text: structure -- and damned if Blade doesn't seem to be considering the
dialog: jump.
text: The Police close in, agitated. Blade crouches, switches Karen to a
dialog: one-handed grip --
speaker_heading: UNIFORM #1
dialog: I said hold it!!!
dialog: -- and jumps.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL/ROOFTOP PARKING STRUCTURE - NIGHT
text: Blade clears the impossible distance -- almost. He snags the ledge of
text: the adjacent parking structure with his left hand even as Karen slips
text: from the grasp of his right --
text: -- a last-second save, his fingers clamping around her wrist, is all
text: that stands between Karen and street pizza. She SCREAMS anyway,
text: dangling below him --
text: Blade GRUNTS, swinging Karen like a pendulum, heaving her up and over
text: the ledge as if she were a sack of potatoes. She lands on her
text: shoulder, clutching it in pain --
text: Blade heaves himself up, crouching beside her.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: My shoulder -- dislocated --
text: Blade places a hand on her shoulder, another around her elbow and
text: without any consideration to discomfort -CRACK!- brutally pops it
text: back in place. Karen SCREAMS again as he scoops her up once more and
dialog: heads for --
scene_heading: HIS '69 OLDSMOBILE 442,
text: which is parked nearby. Midnight-black. The definitive high-
text: performance heavy-metal muscle machine with an engine big enough to
dialog: power an Apollo rocket.
scene_heading: INT. BLADE'S OLDS - NIGHT
text: Blade sets Karen down in the passenger seat, climbs behind the wheel,
text: keys the ignition. The engine ROARS to life, belching fumes through
text: the dual exhaust. Blade floors it, burning serious rubber as the Olds
text: vanishes from sight.
text: BACK AT THE DEMOLISHED MORGUE WINDOW
text: as the two policemen stare numbly in open-mouthed astonishment.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS - NIGHT
text: Blade pilots the Olds down the streets, moving through a series of
text: increasingly degenerating neighborhoods, coming at last to the
text: sprawling warehouse district.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED FACTORY - NIGHT
text: The Olds approaches a mammoth industrial facility that's been
text: cordoned off by cyclone fencing and razor wire. Ultra-violet
text: floodlights illuminate the area, while an army of security cameras
dialog: keep a watchful eye.
scene_heading: INT. BLADE'S OLDS - NIGHT
text: Blade glances at Karen, cursing himself for giving into his emotions.
text: He hits a remote secured to the sun visor --
scene_heading: EXT. BLADE'S OLDS/ABANDONED FACTORY - NIGHT
text: A gate grinds open.
text: We follow the Olds as it cruises around the back of the building,
text: heading down a concrete loading ramp. At the bottom of the ramp, a
text: heavy iron door rises. Blade's Olds disappears into the darkness.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED FACTORY, INDUSTRIAL ELEVATOR - NIGHT
text: More UV lights flicker on. We're in a massive loading elevator which
text: HUMS as it ascends, eventually reaching its destination with a
text: BOOMING CLANG. The doors at the rear glide open. Blade guides the
dialog: Olds out.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED FACTORY, WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP - NIGHT
text: Set up in an old ironworks, the place looks like a cross between an
text: auto junkyard and an armory. Equipment is strewn everywhere --
text: lathes, mills, old furnaces, gutted vehicles, an ad hoc surgical
text: theater -- all of it jerry-rigged in a brutal, oily-tech.
text: Blade climbs out of the Olds. He opens the passenger door and pulls
text: Karen out, carries her in his arms.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Whistler!
speaker_heading: WHISTLER (O.S.)
dialog: Are we bringing home strays now?
speaker_heading: ABRAHAM WHISTLER (60s)
text: hobbles out of the shadows, leaning heavily on a cane. Gimlet-eyed,
text: bitter, his right leg encased in a metal brace. Though his face is
text: lined with wrinkles and his hair has long since gone gray, we sense
dialog: he could kick the living shit out of any man half his age.
speaker_heading: BLADE
text: She's been bitten.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: You should've killed her, then.
speaker_heading: BLADE
text: She hasn't turned yet.
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: You can help her.
text: Blade and Whistler stare each other down. Finally, Whistler turns and
text: heads over to the operating theater.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: No promises. You watch her close. She
dialog: starts to turn, you finish her off.
text: Blade nods, lays Karen down on the operating table. Whistler turns on
text: an overhead light. Karen is sheathed in sweat, ashen. She's lost a
dialog: lot of blood.
text: Whistler snaps on a pair of surgical gloves, probes the wound in
text: Karen's neck with an antiseptic swab -- there's capillary damage
text: around the perimeter of the wound, the tissue looks bruised,
text: gangrenous.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
text: Localized necrosis. She's borderline.
dialog: Another hour and she'd be well into
dialog: the change.
text: Whistler cracks open a smelling salt capsule and waves under Karen's
text: nose. As she starts to stir --
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: Can you hear me, woman?
text: Karen's eyes open wide. She's scared, disoriented --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: What -- ?
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: You've been bitten by a vampire. We've
dialog: got to try and burn out the venom,
dialog: just like a rattlesnake bite --
text: Whistler reaches for a massive syringe filled with caustic-looking
text: fluid. Karen sees the syringe, resists --
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: Hold her.
text: Blade forces Karen back. Whistler readies the syringe.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: (reading her name tag)
dialog: "Dr. Karen Jansen". Listen close, I'm
dialog: going to inject you with an antidote
dialog: made from allium setivum -- garlic.
dialog: This is going to hurt. A lot.
text: Whistler sinks the needle into Karen's neck and depresses the
text: plunger. "Hurt" doesn't begin to describe what Karen experiences
text: next. Imagine undergoing childbirth while someone pumps battery acid
dialog: through your veins.
text: Karen SHRIEKS, her body going into uncontrolled paroxysms. The wound
text: on her neck begins to smoke as the antidote attacks the poisonous
dialog: vampire venom.
text: Karen clutches at Blade's arms, digging her nails in. She stares up
text: at him with unflinching intensity, like a child desperately searching
dialog: for assurance.
speaker_heading: ON BLADE,
text: uncomfortable playing the roll of nursemaid. He'd like nothing more
text: than to be done with this, but the only thing he can do is hold Karen
text: while she rides out the seizures.
speaker_heading: KAREN'S POV
text: growing darker by the moment. The last thing she sees is Blade
text: staring down at her -- then the night closes in.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE OF EREBUS, MEETING ROOM - NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON a monitor featuring footage taken at the vampire club
text: massacre. Blade turns and stares into the camera, fires his cross-
text: bow. The screen cuts to static.
text: A WITHERED, CLAWED HAND
text: moves into frame, holding a remote. With a tap of a button, the
text: monitor goes dark.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL a large, minimalist conference room -- the House
text: of Erebus, seat of the vampire race's legislative assembly.
text: Gathered around a massive table are the TWELVE VAMPIRE ELDERS,
text: representing a "rainbow" of racial colors -- names like PALLINTINE,
text: VON ESPER, ASHE, BAVA. Two of them, the FAUSTINAS, are identical
text: twins -- lethal-looking women with alabaster skin.
text: Chilled carafes filled with blood are situated along the table. From
dialog: time to time, a member will pour themselves a glass, or perhaps, help
text: themselves to the bowls of human finger bones which serve as snacks.
text: At the head of the table is GAETANO DRAGONETTI, current vampire
text: "Overlord". Blood-red eyes, parchment skin stretched over skull-like
text: features. Incalculably ancient, but still deadly and virile as a
dialog: viper.
text: Dragonetti speaks. He uses the "secret tongue" -- the ancient vampire
text: language which utilizes consonants human vocal chords are incapable
text: of reproducing.
speaker_heading: DRAGONETTI
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: Blade. Once again, our interests have
dialog: fallen victim to his ridiculous
text: crusade. He must be destroyed.
speaker_heading: FROST (O.S.)
dialog: (in English)
dialog: You're wrong, Dragonetti.
dialog: All heads turn. Who would dare such impudence?
speaker_heading: DEACON FROST,
text: a mere "Underlord" in the vampire hierarchy, steps forward.
text: Strikingly handsome, younger, less conservative than his superiors,
text: fueled with a passionate intensity. Amongst the vampire community
text: he's known as an agitator. He's also the vampire equivalent of a
dialog: racial supremacist.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: The Day Walker represents a unique
dialog: opportunity. We'd be fools to waste
dialog: it by killing him.
speaker_heading: DRAGONETTI
dialog: (subtitled, taking umbrage)
dialog: Deacon Frost. You refuse to speak our
dialog: language, you insult the House of
dialog: Erebus by using the humans'
dialog: gutter-tongue, have you no respect
dialog: for tradition?
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Why should I respect something which
dialog: has outlived its purpose?
text: This causes quite a stir amongst the other vampires. Frost might as
dialog: well have slapped Dragonetti in the face.
speaker_heading: DRAGONETTI
dialog: (simmering)
dialog: I see. And what would you have us do
dialog: with this "half-breed"?
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Study him. Unlock the secrets of his
dialog: DNA. He's the key we've been looking
dialog: for.
speaker_heading: DRAGONETTI
dialog: He is an abomination!
text: Dragonetti slams his fist down, toppling a carafe, spilling blood
text: across the tabletop. Frost looks to the others --
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Why should we spend our lives
text: cringing from the daylight when his
dialog: blood offers us an alternative?
dialog: Enough talk. It's time we stepped out
dialog: of the shadows!
text: Dragonetti looks apoplectic. ELDER PALLINTINE, a five-hundred year-
text: old vampire inhabiting the body of a prepubescent boy, interjects.
speaker_heading: PALLINTINE
dialog: You're out of line, Frost.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Am I? Or am I just the first to say
dialog: out loud what we've all been
dialog: thinking?
text: The fact that no one answers is telling. Dragonetti glowers at the
text: other Elders, sensing the tide turning.
speaker_heading: DRAGONETTI
dialog: The shadows suit us, Frost. We've
dialog: existed this way for thousands of
dialog: years. Who are you to challenge our
dialog: ways?
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Someone who's sick of living off
dialog: scraps. The coming age belongs to us,
dialog: not the humans!
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: When the final war between our races
dialog: comes, who do you want leading the
dialog: charge?
text: Frost stabs an accusing finger at the Overlord.
speaker_heading: FROST
text: Some withered up fossil ready to snap
text: like a brittle bone at the first sign
dialog: of change?
text: Dragonetti GROWLS like an beast, raking his claws across the tyro
text: vampire's face, knocking him to the ground.
speaker_heading: DRAGONETTI
dialog: Get out!!!
text: Frost picks himself up, touches the gashes on his cheek. Looks at his
text: fingers, licks the blood from them.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Careful, old fang. You might wake up
dialog: one day and find yourself extinct.
text: Frost smiles at Dragonetti and calmly exits the room.
scene_heading: INT. WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP, BLADE'S CELL - DAY
text: ON KAREN as she comes to. Her wounds have been bandaged. She rises, a
text: little shaky, takes in her surroundings -- She's in a spartan room,
text: like a monk's cell. On the wall is a collection of knives and
text: daggers. Some of them wooden, their hilts inscribed with bizarre-
text: looking runes. In the center of these weapons rests --
speaker_heading: BLADE'S SWORD,
text: hanging like a cross in a chapel, dominating all else. Karen touches
text: it. Then her eyes drop to a silver locket which dangles from the hilt
text: by a tarnished chain. She reaches for it, opens it --
text: The locket features a photo, old and faded. It's the black woman we
text: saw in the prologue, Vanessa, standing in the sunshine.
text: Karen moves towards the door, cautious --
scene_heading: INT. WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP - DAY
text: We hear VOICES now, coming from beyond a series of black-out
text: curtains. Karen pushes one aside and SEES --
speaker_heading: BLADE
text: strapped into some kind of Inquisition-esque restraint chair. His
text: shirt is off, his body slick with sweat. Whistler finishes strapping
text: Blade in, then stands back, holding up a gas-powered pistol injector,
dialog: hesitant --
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: I had to increase the dose. You're
dialog: building up a resistance to the
dialog: serum --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: Just do it, old man.
text: Whistler nods, fitting Blade with a bite guard. Then he presses the
text: pistol-injector against Blade's carotid artery.
text: Blade shakes violently, grinding his teeth through the bite guard,
text: veins cording in his neck. He clutches Whistler's hand, holding it
text: tightly as he fights his way through the hellish seizure. To his
text: credit, Whistler never lets go.
text: Mentor and student stare at one another as the mysterious serum runs
dialog: its violent course. We understand that these shared moments, oddly
text: private in their horror, are the glue which binds the two vampire
text: hunters together. Finally, Blade slumps forward in his restraints,
text: exhausted.
speaker_heading: KAREN
text: She draws back, instinctively knowing that she's just witnessed
text: something she shouldn't have. She looks for an exit, SEES another
dialog: doorway. She makes for it --
scene_heading: INT. WHISTLER'S LAB - TANK ROOM - DAY
text: A dusty, darkened hole of a room, no windows, just shadows, crumbling
text: concrete, rust stains, and --
speaker_heading: A LARGE TANK
text: filled with swirling blood plasma, choked with electrical leads and
text: biomedical sensors. SOMETHING floats within, suspended in the murky
text: fluid -- a child , two or three years of age, drifting about like a
dialog: medical oddity preserved in formaldehyde --
text: THUMP! The child SLAMS up against the glass. Karen backpedals,
text: startled. Its eyes are open now, pupils blown. It snarls, revealing a
text: mouthful of razored fangs, trailing mouth-slime across the glass as
text: it futilely tries to chew its way through to Karen.
text: Karen stifles a sob, turning and running right into --
speaker_heading: BLADE,
text: who now blocks the exit, sword in hand. Karen retreats a step,
dialog: wary --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: You shouldn't be here.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I'm sorry, I --
speaker_heading: WHISTLER (O.S.)
dialog: Wandered off the beaten path, Doctor?
text: Whistler has entered the room from a second doorway. Karen looks from
text: Whistler to Blade, trapped between them --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Who are you people?
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: My name is Abraham Whistler.
dialog: (re: Blade)
dialog: This is Blade. As for our little
dialog: homunculus here --
text: Whistler limps over to the tank, rapping his cane against it. The
text: creature snaps at it reflexively, following the silver tip back and
text: forth like a fish after a lure.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: -- he's a vampire.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: You're joking --
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: Not at all. You're looking at a prime
text: specimen of the homines nocturna.
text: Whistler toys with the feral creature, engaging in a certain amount
text: of sadistic delight as its efforts grow increasingly more frenzied.
text: Suddenly, it surges towards the top of the tank, clawing at the
dialog: lid --
text: Karen becomes alarmed -- but then a massive ELECTRICAL JOLT shocks
text: the creature back into submission.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: If Blade hadn't brought you here, you
dialog: would've wound up like him.
text: Karen brings a hand to her bandaged neck, recalling the events of the
text: previous night. She looks to Blade.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Why did you help me?
text: Blade scowls, his gaze flickering to Whistler.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Stupidity.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: (appraising her)
dialog: Maybe not. I did some checking, she's
dialog: a hematologist. Knowledge like that
dialog: might come in handy.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: It's not worth the risk. We can't
dialog: trust her.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Because you're tainted. The venom's
dialog: still inside you. You could still
dialog: turn on us.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: What happens then?
text: Blade looks to Whistler -- as far as he's concerned, the debate's
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Then I have to take you out, just
dialog: like any other bloodsucker.
text: Blade turns and exits. Whistler and Karen follow.
scene_heading: INT. WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP - DAY
text: Beyond the grimy outer windows, we can see that the day is closing --
text: long shadows, amber light. Karen lingers in the doorway, reeling from
dialog: information overload.
text: Blade begins suiting up for his nightly hunt -- strapping on body
text: armor, loading ammunition. He strings the tarnished locket around his
text: neck as if it were an amulet that could ward off evil, then pauses to
text: inspect a modified pistol, sighting down the length of it.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: We hunt them, moving from one city to
text: the next, tracking their migrations.
dialog: They're hard to kill. They tend to
dialog: regenerate.
text: CLACK! Blade pulls the trigger on an empty chamber, then checks his
dialog: next weapon --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: So what do you use, then? A stake?
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Some of the old wives' tales are true
dialog: -- they're severely allergic to
dialog: silver, various types of wood. Feed
dialog: them garlic and they'll go into
dialog: anaphylactic shock --
text: Whistler picks up a customized rifle with a UV entry light, flicking
text: on the beam.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: -- and of course there's always
text: sunlight, ultra-violet rays.
text: Karen shakes her head, incredulous --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: And you honestly expect me to believe
dialog: all this?
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: I don't care what you believe. I
dialog: saved your life once, I don't plan on
dialog: making a habit of it. You want my
dialog: advice, you'll be out of the city by
dialog: nightfall. If you're stupid enough to
dialog: stay, that's your business.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I can't just leave. I have a life
dialog: here, a career --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Not anymore. You've seen one of them.
dialog: You won't be allowed to live after
dialog: that.
text: Karen stares at Blade. Whistler gestures to the windows --
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: There's a war going on out there.
dialog: Blade, myself, a few others -- we've
text: tried to keep it from spilling over
text: onto the streets.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Sometimes people like yourself get
text: caught in the cross-fire.
text: Whistler shrugs. As far as he's concerned, there's nothing else to
text: say. Karen is still protesting, though.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I can go to the police. I have blood
dialog: samples back at the hospital. I can
dialog: show them.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Do it. You'll be dead before you can
dialog: file the complaint.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: That's ridiculous! No one's that
dialog: powerful.
text: Whistler sighs. He doesn't suffer fools gladly.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: You're talking about a brotherhood
dialog: that predates the Catholic Church by
dialog: thousands of years. Their survival
dialog: depends on their ability to blend in.
dialog: Chances are, you've encountered them
text: and not even known it. On the subway,
dialog: in a bar --
text: Blade slings his CAR-15 onto his shoulder, impatient. He starts
text: towards the Olds, gesturing.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Get in. Youre leaving.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: Wait.
text: Whistler tosses a small metal canister to Karen.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: Consider it a parting gift. Vampire
dialog: mace -- silver nitrate, essence of
dialog: garlic.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (in disbelief)
dialog: So that's it? You guys just patch me
dialog: up and send me on my way?
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: There is one other thing. I'd buy
dialog: yourself a gun if I were you. If you
dialog: start becoming sensitive to the
dialog: daylight, if you start becoming
dialog: thirsty regardless of much you've had
dialog: to drink -- then I suggest you take
dialog: that gun and use it on yourself.
dialog: Better that, than the alternative.
text: Karen stares at Whistler, horrified, as we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE VAMPIRE ARCHIVES - DAY
text: We are deep in the narrow stacks of a sepulchral archive. Exactly
dialog: what and where this place is will become more clear later on.
text: But for now, the CAMERA DRIFTS through the warren of aisles. Along
text: the way, we catch a glimpse of a HULKING SILHOUETTE cowering behind a
dialog: series of Japanese shoji screens. Later on, we find --
speaker_heading: FROST
text: tucked away in a carrel, surrounded by books and scriptures, with
text: only the SICKLY GLOW of his laptop to provide light.
speaker_heading: DRAGONETTI (O.S.)
dialog: What are you doing here?
text: Frost pauses, SEEING Dragonetti emerge from the shadows.
speaker_heading: DRAGONETTI
dialog: (outraged)
dialog: These archives are restricted to
dialog: members of the House of Erebus.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Please. You and the other Elders
dialog: wouldn't know what to do with these
dialog: texts if your lives depended on it.
dialog: (cryptically)
dialog: Which, of course, they do.
speaker_heading: DRAGONETTI
dialog: You're wasting your time, Frost. Far
dialog: greater scholars than you have tried
dialog: to decipher these words. Whatever
dialog: secrets they hold have been lost.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Perhaps.
text: Frost studies Dragonetti, a self-satisfied grin on his face. If the
dialog: act was intended to unnerve Dragonetti, it succeeded, though the
dialog: ancient vampire would never admit it.
speaker_heading: DRAGONETTI
dialog: What are you up to, Frost?
text: Frost shuts the lid on his laptop, rising, drawing intimidatingly
text: close to Dragonetti.
speaker_heading: FROST'S VOICE
dialog: Wouldn't you like to know, Old Fang?
text: A beat as the young turk stares his elder down. Dragonetti is the
text: first to lose his nerve. Frost smiles and exits, leaving the old
text: vampire to lick his wounds.
text: CAMERA DRIFTS back to the hulking silhouette, which has been
text: eavesdropping on the conversation. It quivers in fear.
scene_heading: INT. BLADE'S OLDS (ON KAREN'S STREET CORNER) - DAY
text: Blade brings the car to a stop. Karen looks at him. His eyes are
text: hidden behind his glasses, his expression stone.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Remember what we said. Keep your eyes
text: open. They're everywhere.
scene_heading: EXT. KAREN'S APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY
text: As Karen climbs out, Blade swings the door shut behind her. The Olds
text: ROARS off down the quiet residential street.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BUILDING, LOBBY - DAY
text: Karen crosses the lobby, stepping into an elevator. Just as the doors
text: are closing, a WOMAN and TWO MEN duck in alongside her.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - DAY
text: Silence, the uncomfortableness of an elevator ride magnified tenfold.
text: Karen can FEEL the eyes of her fellow passengers upon her. Finally
text: succumbing to paranoia, she hazards a glance -- would she be able to
text: tell if these people weren't human? The woman turns to Karen,
dialog: smiles --
text: Karen surreptitiously fishes the "vampire mace" from her pocket,
text: clutching it -- and now one of the men turns to look at her,
dialog: nodding --
scene_heading: INT. KAREN'S APARTMENT BUILDING, HALLWAY - DAY
text: The elevator doors open. Karen hurries out, heads left, finds herself
text: in a deserted hallway. She looks back --
text: -- then skips a heartbeat as the trio also step out! As Karen raises
dialog: the canister of mace --
text: -- the trio turn and head down to the right. Karen breathes a sigh of
text: relief, shakes her head.
scene_heading: INT. KAREN'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Karen enters quickly, bolting the door behind her. She picks up the
dialog: phone, dials 911 --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I need the police. This is an
dialog: emergency --
text: As Karen waits to be connected, she moves to the back entrance and
text: checks the locks -- then the windows, then the fire escape --
text: finally, a VOICE comes on the other end.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Hello? My name is Karen Jansen, I was
dialog: with Curtis Webb at Mid-Town Hospital
dialog: last night -- that's right, I
dialog: witnessed the attack --
dialog: (listening)
dialog: 115 Aurora, apartment 3G. Yes, I'll
dialog: wait here. Please hurry.
text: Karen hangs up the phone and turns --
text: A SHAFT OF BRIGHT SUNLIGHT
text: streams in through a window. Karen forces herself to look at it and
text: winces, shielding her eyes. Again, she brings a hand to the bandaged
text: wound on her neck. She moves to the window, pulling the shade down,
text: frightened.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Get a grip on yourself, girl.
text: She sinks down into a chair to wait, setting Whistler's vampire mace
text: aside. Then she shuts her eyes, massaging her temples. We SEE --
text: A BRIEF FLASH OF
text: Quinn, his mouth opening wide, saliva dripping from his fangs. His
text: pupils pulsating hypnotically. We rush into his gaping maw and --
text: WHAM! We're back to reality. Karen wakes with a start, looks to the
text: windows -- time has passed, it's getting dark outside --
text: -- and someone is KNOCKING at the front door. Karen reaches for the
text: vampire mace, then moves to the door. She looks through the peephole,
dialog: cautious --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: KAREN'S POV (FISH-EYE)
text: A POLICE OFFICER stands in the hallway -- 30s, handsome, a knight in
text: shining armor as far as she's concerned.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Sergeant Gideon. I'm responding to a
dialog: 911 call.
text: Karen visibly relaxes. She opens the door and steps aside, allowing
text: Gideon to enter.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Yes, that was me, I'm Karen Jansen --
text: Gideon smiles, takes a quick glance around the room, then studies
text: Karen's face, the bandages on her neck.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Are you all right?
dialog: (off Karen's nod)
dialog: I'm glad you called, Ms. Jansen, we've
dialog: been anxious to get a hold of you. You
dialog: disappeared on us for a while.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I know. Listen -- do you have any idea
dialog: what happened to Curtis, the other
dialog: doctor?
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: (matter of fact)
dialog: Oh, he's dead. But I wouldn't worry
dialog: about that if I were you.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: Why?
text: Gideon's smile vanishes as he unholsters his gun.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Because you're dead too.
text: Karen GASPS. She has a half-second to act -- in which she triggers a
text: spray of vampire mace into Gideon's face. Gideon stumbles back,
text: blinded, cursing, rubbing the heel of his palm against his eyes --
text: Karen expects pyrotechnics -- but the end result is little more than
text: an annoyance. A second later, Gideon is simply blinking, sniffing his
dialog: fingers, confused --
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Garlic?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: He said it would work against
dialog: vampires --
text: Gideon bursts out laughing.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Who said I was a vampire?
text: Gideon shakes his head, still snickering. He forces Karen against the
text: wall, placing the gun against her head --
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Thanks for the laugh. You can shut
dialog: your eyes if you want to.
text: CRASH!!! The front door explodes open as Blade comes flying through
dialog: it!
text: Gideon tries to bring his pistol up -- but Blade grips the man's hand
text: and squeezes. Gideon SCREAMS as his bones snap like kindling. The
text: pistol falls from his grasp --
text: Blade fires his fist into Gideon's gut again and again, then flings
text: the officer across the room, sending him SMASHING into a glass-cased
text: cabinet. Bleeding, battered, Gideon struggles to stand --
text: Blade is all over him, kicking the shit out of the rogue cop until he
text: sinks to the floor in a half-conscious haze.
text: Blade stands over Gideon's limp form, fists clenched, breathing
text: heavily, touching down after his adrenaline high. Finally, he looks
dialog: to Karen --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: You okay?
text: Karen nods, glances at Gideon --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: How did you know?
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Figured they'd send someone after you.
dialog: Thought I'd wait around and see who
dialog: showed up.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: You used me as bait?!
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: It worked, didn't it?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: But, he could've --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: He didn't. Get over it.
text: Blade kneels next to Gideon. He turns the man's head, inspects the
dialog: neck, the skin behind the ear --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: But he's a policeman --
speaker_heading: BLADE
text: He's a familiar. A human who works for
dialog: the vampires. See this mark?
text: Blade pushes aside Gideon's hair, revealing a tiny, cryptic symbol
text: tattooed into the man's scalp.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: That's a glyph, kind of like a vampire
dialog: cattle brand. That means Officer
dialog: Friendly here is someone's property.
dialog: Any of the other vampire's try to
dialog: bleed him, they'll have to answer to
dialog: Friendly's owner --
dialog: (studying the glyph)
text: This glyph belongs to Deacon Frost.
dialog: We've been tracking him for a while
dialog: now --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Why in God's name would anyone want to
dialog: work for them?
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Because they're vampire wanna-bes. If
dialog: they're loyal, if they prove
dialog: themselves, then their masters will
dialog: turn them.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: And that's a good thing?
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: For some. Live forever, never get old.
dialog: The ultimate high.
text: Just then, Gideon MOANS. Blade drags the man up so they're eye to
dialog: eye.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: How 'bout you, Officer? You a good
dialog: little bloodhound?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. KAREN'S APARTMENT BUILDING - DUSK
text: Blade and Karen are now standing by Gideon's police cruiser which is
text: parked outside Karen's apartment. Blade shoves Gideon against the
text: hood of the cruiser. He finds Gideon's keys, moves to the trunk,
dialog: opens it --
scene_heading: IN THE TRUNK --
text: A sophisticated medical cooling unit for transporting organs. Blade
text: opens the unit, coolant vapor hisses out. Inside are plastic bags
text: containing blood.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Looks like our friend was
text: blood-running.
dialog: (to Gideon)
dialog: Where were you headed?
text: Gideon mumbles through a split lip and chipped teeth --
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Mphuck you --
text: WHAM! Blade plants Gideon's face into the hood of the car. Gideon
text: GROANS, coughs --
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Jesus -- 1227 Brookner --
dialog: Holliston Clinic --
text: Blade releases him, then reaches for his Casull.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: What are you doing?!
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Preventive medicine.
text: Karen steps in front of Blade, shielding Gideon.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: You can't do this, he's human, it's
dialog: murder.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: It's war, now get the fuck out of the
dialog: way!
text: Karen grabs Blade's arm, wrestling with him, trying to push his hand
text: away. As the two of them struggle, Gideon makes a break for it,
text: stumbling across the lawn. Blade pushes Karen aside, takes aim,
speaker_heading: FIRES --
text: -- but Gideon ducks into an alley, disappearing from sight. Blade
text: spins on Karen, enraged --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: God-damnit!!! Do you have any idea
dialog: what you just did?! He'll warn them.
dialog: They'll be waiting!
text: But Karen's defiant, she's not backing down.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: You were going to kill him. What was I
dialog: supposed to do?! Shut my eyes and
dialog: pretend I didn't see what I saw?
text: Blade tears off his glasses. Karen gasps --
speaker_heading: BLADE'S EYES
dialog: aren't human, nor are they vampire. They're something else -- emerald
text: green, laced with swirling flecks of red.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Let me set you straight on something,
dialog: Doctor. What you've "seen" so far is
dialog: nothing. The world you live in's just
dialog: the sugar-coated topping. There's
text: another world beneath it, the real
dialog: world -- and it's a fucking bloodbath.
dialog: If you want to survive in it, you'd
dialog: better pull your head out of your ass.
text: Blade slips his glasses back on, leaving Karen shocked into silence.
text: He heads for his Olds without looking back, climbs in, guns the
text: engine. In seconds, he's gone, tearing off down the street in a cloud
dialog: of exhaust.
scene_heading: EXT. EDGEWOOD TOWERS, PENTHOUSE - DUSK
text: We are soaring through the air above the gleaming city skyline,
text: moving towards the Edgewood Towers whose windows reflect the blood-
text: red sinking sun.
scene_heading: INT. FROST'S PENTHOUSE, POOL - NIGHT
text: Suffused lighting, elegant tile-work featuring evocative mosaics, the
text: quiet strains of CLASSICAL MUSIC --
speaker_heading: MERCURY,
text: the lupine Gaultier girl from the club, glides beneath the water,
text: surfacing at the deep end. We SEE --
speaker_heading: FROST
text: lounging in a chair, studying a laptop which rests beside him. On the
text: screen is a digitized image -- a page taken from an ancient
text: manuscript, written in a secret tongue.
text: Officer Gideon waits nearby, cradling his ruined hand, his battered
text: face cast downward like a boy who's been called into the Principal's
dialog: office.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Look, I know you're disappointed --
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Crestfallen.
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: Blade was waiting for me. There wasn't
dialog: anything I could do.
text: Frost nods, lapsing into brooding contemplation.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Tell me something, Gideon, what blood
dialog: type are you?
text: Gideon hesitates. Is this a trick question?
speaker_heading: GIDEON
dialog: I don't really know --
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Take a wild stab. A? B? O, perhaps?
dialog: I'm interested in the antigens here,
dialog: the agglutination reaction --
text: Gideon stammers as Frost rises. In the blink of an eye, Frost lifts
text: Gideon from the floor, dangling the Officer over the deep end of the
dialog: pool by his throat --
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: I'm going to guess AB positive.
text: Gideon GURGLES as Frost's fingernails pierce his flesh, drawing
text: blood. Then Frost releases him --
text: Gideon plunges into the pool. Mercury is on him in a heartbeat,
text: tearing him apart like a Great White consuming a piece of chum. The
text: water churns violently around them, clouding with red.
text: When it's over, Mercury rises from the pool, dripping wet, covered
text: from head to toe in a crimson sheen.
text: She kisses Frost hungrily, letting Gideon's blood flow from her mouth
text: to his. Frost flicks a tongue over his lips.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: AB positive. Give the man a prize.
text: Below them, Gideon's lifeless body sinks towards the pool bottom, his
text: police badge twinkling like sunken treasure.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - NIGHT
text: Blade's Olds cruises to a stop. We're in a low-end commercial
text: district -- junky heaven. Blade climbs out, pulling an automatic
text: rifle from the back seat, then heading into an alleyway.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Blade makes his way down the alley, cautious -- he SEES mountains of
text: trash, boarded-up windows, overlapping layers of gang graffiti -- a
text: RAT crouching on a trash dumpster, gnawing on a dead pigeon --
text: -- then a SOUND behind Blade, the scuffle of feet --
text: Blade whirls, drawing his sword, CHARGING at an approaching shadow,
text: stopping mere millimeters from decapitating --
speaker_heading: KAREN,
text: who's been backed up against the wall, her eyes wide with fright.
text: Blade's sword vibrates from the tension in his forearm, having drawn
text: just the slightest taste of blood.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: What the hell are you doing?! I could
dialog: have killed you!
text: Blade lowers his sword. Karen remembers to breathe. She slumps,
text: tracing her fingers over the line where her head almost parted with
text: her body.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I remembered the address. I followed
dialog: you --
text: Blade shakes his head, amazed.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Do you have a death wish or are you
dialog: just stupid?
text: Karen pushes away from the wall, angry --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Look, if what you say is true, if
dialog: there's a chance I could turn into one
dialog: of them, then I've got no choice, do
dialog: I? I have to work with you. I need to
dialog: learn everything I can about them.
dialog: It's the only way I'll be able to find
dialog: a cure for myself.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: There is no cure.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (defiant)
dialog: You don't know that.
text: Blade turns and moves to the end of the alley, studying the graffiti-
dialog: covered wall intently --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: What are you looking at?
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: (gesturing)
dialog: What do you see here?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Graffiti --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Look closer.
text: Blade indicates a design amongst the various gang-banger tags that
text: looks something like a post-modern hieroglyphic.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: This isn't a gang tag, it's a vampire
dialog: marking. It means there's a safe-house
dialog: nearby.
dialog: A place they can go if dawn is coming.
text: Blade points to a building across the street --
scene_heading: THE HOLLISTON CLINIC,
dialog: your basic inner-city blood-barter establishment where desperate
text: transients parley their plasma into cash.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (recognizing it)
dialog: I know this place -- it's a blood
dialog: bank.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Owned by vampires. There's one of
dialog: these in every major city, and just
dialog: like Domino's, they always deliver.
dialog: (looking to Karen)
dialog: You telling me you're ready to walk
dialog: through that door?
text: Karen nods. Blade continues to stare at her, taking her measure --
text: there's a strength in this woman's eyes, she has the soul of a
text: fighter -- and Blade recognizes it.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: All right, then, listen up, Vampire
text: Anatomy 101. Crosses and running water
dialog: don't do dick, so forget what you've
dialog: seen in the movies.
text: Blade enumerates the following on his fingers:
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: You use the stake, silver, or
dialog: sunlight, got it?
text: Blade holds up one of his Casulls.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Know how to use one of these?
text: Karen takes the weapon from him, eyes all over it.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: No.
text: Blade takes the gun back, snorting derisively.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Safety's off, round's already
dialog: chambered --
dialog: (cocking it)
text: Silver hollow-points filled with
dialog: garlic. You aim for the heart or the
dialog: head, anything else is a one-way
text: ticket to a pine box.
text: Blade hand it to her again, then starts across the street towards the
text: clinic. Karen follows --
scene_heading: INT. HOLLISTON CLINIC, LOBBY - NIGHT
text: Blade enters, swinging his rifle around for all to see.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Get out. Now.
text: The POTENTIAL DONORS scramble for the exit. Behind the counter,
text: TANAKA, a male nurse, reaches for an alarm button. Blade vaults over
text: the counter, aiming his rifle.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: I know you're blood-running. Who's
dialog: your sponsor?
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: I don't know what you're --
text: POW! Blade backhands him across the face hard enough to loosen his
text: teeth. Karen flinches, stepping forward --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: What if you've made a mistake?
text: Blade pins Tanaka's head to the wall, turning it to the side --
text: revealing the man's glyph. It's different than Gideon's, looking more
text: like a Japanese kanji character.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: What's this? A birthmark?
text: Blade grips Tanaka by his collar, shoving him through a doorway --
scene_heading: INT. HOLLISTON CLINIC, SUPPLY ROOM - NIGHT
text: Karen and Blade SEE supply cabinets, cots, a number of locked
text: refrigeration units. Blade FIRES into the door handle of one of the
text: units, tears it open -- the fridge is stacked floor to ceiling with
text: plastic packets of blood.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: (to Karen)
dialog: Still think we might be wrong?
dialog: (to Tanaka)
dialog: How much are you shipping?
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Bite me!
text: Blade opens FIRE, sweeping his rifle around the room, shooting
text: everything in sight. Glass cabinetry shatters, ampoules and
text: vacutainers go flying. Tanaka cowers, arms wrapped about his head.
text: Blade stops shooting. He leans down towards Tanaka, placing the end
text: of his rifle against the man's forehead. Tanaka looks like he's about
text: to wet his pants.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: I've got a message for your masters --
dialog: the night's no longer safe for their
dialog: kind.
text: Blade pulls back his rifle, leaving a red indentation mark where the
text: end of the rifle barrel pressed into Tanaka's skin. He starts towards
text: the exit. Karen follows.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BLADE'S OLDS - NIGHT
text: Blade and Karen return to the Olds. He keys the ignition, lets the
text: engine idle. They're parked down the street from the blood clinic.
text: Karen looks to Blade, confused --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: You let him go --
dialog: (off Blade's nod)
dialog: An hour ago you were ready to kill a
dialog: man for less, this one didn't even
dialog: talk.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: He will.
dialog: Blade points --
scene_heading: THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD --
text: Tanaka rushes from the clinic, climbing behind the wheel of a Mustang
text: parked nearby. He takes off --
text: Blade follows the Mustang, CLICKING on a cell-phone scanner mounted
text: on the dash. Numbers flash on the LCD screen as it searches for a
text: signal, then locks onto it. We hear a DIAL TONE, then a number being
dialog: dialed --
speaker_heading: AUTOMATED VOICE
dialog: (filtered, on scanner)
dialog: "You've reached a number that is no
dialog: longer in service. Please consult your
dialog: operator and try again".
speaker_heading: TANAKA'S VOICE
dialog: (filtered, on scanner)
dialog: It's Tanaka, PIN number
dialog: sixteen-zero-zero-nine --
text: A "real" voice comes on the line:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (filtered, on scanner)
dialog: Yes?
text: Karen looks to Blade, impressed.
scene_heading: INT. TANAKA'S MUSTANG - NIGHT
text: Tanaka speeds, shouting into the speaker phone --
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Get me Pearl!
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (filtered, on speaker)
dialog: Pearl is feeding --
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: Look, I'm not fucking around here!
dialog: That hunter Frost has been talking
text: about? He was just at the clinic. Tore
dialog: the goddamn place apart!
scene_heading: EXT. THE BLACK PEARL - NIGHT
text: Tokyo town. A black edifice, no windows, secured parking, no signage
text: except for a purple neon scroll above the entrance -- a FLASHING
text: KANJI, just like the glyph tattooed on Tanaka's neck.
text: Tanaka's Mustang pulls into the parking lot. He climbs out, flagging
text: away the valets, heads inside --
speaker_heading: WHIP PAN TO
text: Blade's Olds stopping a few blocks down the street.
scene_heading: INT. BLADE'S OLDS - NIGHT
text: Blade kills the engine, studying The Black Pearl.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Looks like we hit pay-dirt. This place
text: is crawling with them.
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: See the valets over there? They're
text: vampires. So is the doorman.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: How can you tell?
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: The way they move, they way they
dialog: smell --
text: Blade continues to scan the area, pointing out a few more likely
dialog: candidates --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: The whore on the corner, she's one
text: too. So are the two men standing under
text: the streetlight.
text: Blade reaches into the back seat, retrieves his sword and a satchel.
text: He snaps open his shotgun, loads it. Karen continues to study the
dialog: vampires Blade identified.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: So many of them -- I still can't
dialog: believe they're real.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: There are worse things than vampires
dialog: out there.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: (pumping his shotgun)
dialog: Like me.
text: Blade reaches for the door --
scene_heading: EXT. THE BLACK PEARL - NIGHT
text: Blade and Karen climb out. He lets his shotgun fall within the folds
text: of his longcoat and starts across the street -- only to be challenged
text: by a HULKING DOORMAN at the entrance.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: I'm sorry, sir -- do you have an
dialog: invitation?
scene_heading: INT. BLACK PEARL - NIGHT
text: CRASH! The front door flies open as the Doorman's body sails through.
text: Blade enters, Karen at his heels --
text: The 'Pearl' is an all-hours strip club cum casino catering
text: exclusively to Japanese zaibatsu clientele. Dimly lit, the air thick
text: with cigarette smoke, deafening MUSIC. Go boards, pachinko machines,
text: sexy little MANGA WAIFS in schoolgirl outfits doling out drinks --
text: STRIPPERS writhe in the circular "pit" tables surrounded by HOWLING
dialog: grab-ass men. But that's nothing compared to --
scene_heading: The MAIN ATTRACTION,
text: who's doing a bump and grind down the runway, shaking a body worthy
text: of a schoolboy's wet dream. Her attire? A leather S&amp;M face mask,
text: nipple rings, 6-inch spikes, and a pair of panties to hide her
dialog: modesty.
text: Blade scans the room -- just in time to see Tanaka ducking into a
text: back hallway. Blade pushes towards the rear of the club. Karen
text: follows.
text: ON THE STRIPPER
text: as she catches sight of Blade and freezes in mid-routine. The
text: stripper pulls off her hood. Long black hair with a streak of white
text: tumbles down her back -- it's Mercury.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK PEARL, HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Blade and Karen head past the bathrooms. At the end of the hall is a
text: door marked "OFFICE". Just then, the Men's door opens, a DRUNK
text: COLLEGE KID steps out, SEES Blade --
speaker_heading: KID
dialog: Hey --
text: Blade plants a hand over the kid's face, shoving him back into the
text: bathroom as he kicks open the office door --
scene_heading: INT. THE BLACK PEARL, BACK OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Tanaka spins around, startled, tries to throw a punch --
text: Blade traps Tanaka's arm, levering the man up and over. He CRASHES
text: into a shelving unit, taking the whole thing down with him. Karen
text: winces. Blade grabs a handful of Tanaka's hair, yanks his head up --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Where's the entrance?!
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: I can't -- they'll kill me!
text: Blade rips off his glasses and gives Tanaka an eyeful -- his irises
text: pulse and glow.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: I got news for you, butt-boy. You're
text: already dead.
speaker_heading: TANAKA
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: Oh God, shit -- behind the bookcase --
text: Blade drops Tanaka, moves to the bookcase. He searches the wall a
text: moment, then finds a trigger. Hits it -- the bookcase slides aside,
text: revealing a hidden elevator. As Blade moves to put his sunglasses
dialog: back on --
scene_heading: BLADE'S POV (IN THE REFLECTION OF HIS SUNGLASSES)
text: We see Tanaka behind him, pulling a handgun out of a desk drawer,
dialog: swinging it up --
text: Blade unholsters one of his Casulls faster than any gunslinger in
text: history. He FIRES over his own shoulder, BLOWING Tanaka back against
text: the wall.
text: Blade puts his sunglasses back on, motions to the elevator, then nods
dialog: to Karen --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: After you.
scene_heading: INT. THE BLACK PEARL, ELEVATOR - NIGHT
text: The elevator descends. Then a tone CHIMES, signaling the end of the
text: ride. The doors hiss open --
scene_heading: INT. THE VAMPIRE ARCHIVES, HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Blade and Karen enter the narrow, maze-like "stacks" of the vampire
text: archives, weaving their way through shelves of climate-controlled,
dialog: digitized records.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: What is this place?
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Some kind of archive --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Isn't this all a little high-tech? I
dialog: thought vampires were more into
text: cobwebs and coffins.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: You've been watching too much TV.
dialog: They've got their claws sunk into
dialog: everything -- finance, real estate,
dialog: politics. Probably own half of
text: Downtown.
text: Blade pulls a CD-ROM from the shelves, its spine labeled in
text: indecipherable vampire glyphs.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: This must be where they keep their
dialog: records --
text: He pauses, hearing a DISTANT WHISPER. Blade signals quiet, silently
text: leading Karen through the stacks towards --
speaker_heading: PEARL'S LAIR
text: A vestibule of sorts, leading to a larger bed chamber constructed of
text: rice paper shoji screens and tatami mats. Candles glow within,
text: illuminating a MONSTROUSLY OBESE SHADOW beyond the translucent rice
text: paper walls.
text: The shadow speaks in a tremulous, bird-like voice -- the secret
text: tongue. As Blade draws his sword, the massive shadow freezes --
speaker_heading: PEARL'S VOICE
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: Lorca, is that you?
text: Blade slides open the nearest shoji screen --
scene_heading: INT. PEARL'S BED CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Nothing Karen's seen up until this point could prepare her for the
dialog: archive's curator --
speaker_heading: PEARL,
text: a nine-hundred-pound androgynous vampire of Asian origin, lounging
text: amidst pillowed rice mats, wearing a communications headset. Think of
text: a cross between Divine and Jabba The Hutt. Skin the complexion of
text: buttermilk, so corpulent he can barely move, so engorged with blood
text: that he's actually sweating it from the pores of his skin.
text: Pearl is surrounded by a nest of monitors and keyboards which have
text: been affixed to counter-balanced arms -- this way, Pearl can access
text: information without leaving bed.
text: Lying next to Pearl, dwarfed by the vampire's massive size, is the
text: chalk-white body of a recently-drained NAKED BOY.
text: At the sight of Blade, Pearl's eyes widen in fear --
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: (into a speakerphone)
dialog: He's here!
speaker_heading: FROST'S VOICE
dialog: (over speakerphone)
dialog: Congratulations, Day-Walker.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Frost?
scene_heading: INT. FROST'S PENTHOUSE, POOL - NIGHT
text: Frost paces the length of his pool, wearing a hands-free
text: communications headset, grinning.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: In the flesh, Blade. I understand
dialog: you've been looking for me. I'm
dialog: flattered.
scene_heading: INT. PEARL'S BEDCHAMBER - NIGHT
text: As Blade listens, Pearl reaches for his trackball, attempting to
text: delete the document currently on his monitors -- but Blade lunges
text: forward, sinking the tip of his sword into Pearl's fleshy throat.
text: Pearl freezes.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: (eyeballing Pearl)
dialog: Don't be. You're another notch on my
dialog: sword hilt, nothing else.
text: Frost's DEEP LAUGHTER drifts from the speakerphone.
scene_heading: INT. FROST'S PENTHOUSE, POOL - NIGHT
text: Frost settles into his chair, enjoying the cat and mouse.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: You're quick, Blade, I'll give you
dialog: that. In the space of an hour you've
dialog: crossed my familiar, destroyed a blood
dialog: bank --
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now here you are in the heart of our
text: archives, terrorizing our curator.
speaker_heading: PEARL'S VOICE
dialog: He has a knife to my throat, Frost!
dialog: He --
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: (cutting him off)
dialog: You're history, Pearl. Have the good
dialog: grace to die with some dignity.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Round one to you, Blade.
scene_heading: INT. PEARL'S BEDCHAMBER - NIGHT
text: CLICK, the line goes dead. Blade tosses his satchel on the bed, opens
text: it. Inside is a hand-held UV lamp hooked up to a nine-volt battery.
text: Pearl eyes the device, fearful --
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: A sun lamp. We're gonna play twenty
dialog: questions. Depending on your answers,
dialog: you might get to have yourself a
text: tanning session.
text: Blade looks to Pearl's monitor and SEES a digitized image, the SAME
text: MANUSCRIPT Deacon had been studying earlier.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: What were you in such a big hurry to
dialog: delete just now?
text: Pearl hesitates. Blade turns on the lamp. Pearl HOWLS as the harsh
text: light falls upon him. Blade flicks the light off.
text: Pearl cringes, GROWLING, his face smoking profusely. Exposure to the
text: UV rays, even for one short second, has made his face blister like a
dialog: plague victim's.
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: (relenting)
dialog: It's an epistle, a letter Frost has
dialog: been translating -- it prophesizes
text: LaMagra's return.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: And who is LaMagra?
text: Pearl hesitates again -- Blade turns on the lamp for a longer time.
text: Pearl thrashes, covering his face. His hands blacken, the skin
text: sizzling away to expose the finger bones beneath. Karen has to avert
dialog: her gaze --
text: Blade turns off the lamp. Pearl SNARLS, his body quivering with
text: poisonous rage.
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: LaMagra is The Sleeper!!!
text: Blade leans in close so he's eye to eye with Pearl.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Where's the original, Pearl? You must
dialog: have it around here somewhere.
text: Pearl sweats blood, his flaking, slug-like lips quivering.
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: The vault --
text: Blade follows Pearl's eyes to an armored door, then he stands back,
text: handing the UV rig to Karen.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: If he moves, cook him.
text: Blade approaches the vault door, sizing up its locking mechanism. He
text: pulls an explosive charge from his combat belt and secures it to the
text: door, arming it with a BEEP!
speaker_heading: PEARL
dialog: Please, I'll give you the combination
dialog: -- you'll damage the documents --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: That's the point.
text: Enraged, Pearl LUNGES from his bed. Karen triggers the UV rig, flash-
text: frying him to a blackened crisp. Pearl quivers, his enormous body
text: smoking like a piece of charred meat.
text: Blade looks back at Karen with newfound respect. She shrugs.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: He moved.
text: Blade turns back to the vault, setting off the charge. BOOM! Blade
text: kicks the damaged door in, knocking it clear off its hinges --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE VAULT,
text: ancient papers flutter through the smoky air like wind-borne leaves.
text: Blade and Karen SEE a lucite-encased document -- fragments of an
text: ancient, calligraphied papyrus.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: What are these?
speaker_heading: QUINN (o.s.)
text: Curiosity killed the cat.
dialog: Blade and Karen spin --
speaker_heading: -- QUINN,
text: Mercury, and a number of other vampires stand at the entrance to the
dialog: vault.
speaker_heading: QUINN
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Hola, amigo. Remember me?
text: Karen triggers the UV light, but Mercury ducks under it, ripping it
text: from her hands, crushing it. In a split-second, the she-demon has her
text: claws around Karen's throat.
text: As Blade reaches for his rifle, the vampires converge on him like
text: quicksilver. They drag Karen and Blade out --
scene_heading: PEARL'S BEDCHAMBER
text: The vampires fling Blade against the wall, pinning him.
speaker_heading: QUINN
dialog: You took my arm, Blade. But that's
dialog: okay, I'm growing a new one --
text: Quinn lifts up his "arm". A skeletal forearm has grown from the
text: stump. It's got cartilage, sinew, and muscle, but no flesh yet.
speaker_heading: QUINN
dialog: Nice, huh? Think I'll ever play the
dialog: piano again?
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: You can slice him, you can dice him,
text: and the man just keeps on coming.
text: Blade struggles violently, but Quinn is upon him, pounding his fist
text: into Blade again and again and again -- giving him payback with
text: compounded interest. When it's over, Quinn steps back, winded --
text: Blade's head hangs down. He gasps, wincing, every breath sending a
text: red hot poker to his gut. Quinn grabs a hold of Blade's jaw, forcing
text: his head up.
speaker_heading: QUINN
dialog: Stay with me, sweetness, I'm not
dialog: through with you yet.
text: Quinn pulls Blade's jacket open, sees the bandoleer of mahogany
text: stakes. He tugs one out, admiring it.
speaker_heading: QUINN
dialog: Teak. Nice craftsmanship.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Now here's a man who takes his job
dialog: just a little too seriously, don't you
dialog: think?
dialog: (back to Blade)
dialog: Which reminds me, Blade, think I owe
dialog: you one --
text: Quinn stabs the stake into Blade's shoulder. Blade CRIES OUT, tries
text: to pull free. Karen, who's being held by Mercury, averts her gaze.
speaker_heading: QUINN
dialog: Actually, if you want to get
dialog: technical, I owe you two.
text: As Quinn reaches for another stake, Blade starts to laugh.
speaker_heading: QUINN
dialog: What's so funny, bright eyes?
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: I'm expecting some company.
text: It's then that Quinn notices the micro ear-coil radio receiver in
text: Blade's ear. As we MOVE IN on it, we hear a tiny VOICE squawking from
dialog: it:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Get down!
text: Blade kicks his feet out, sending Quinn flying backwards. He tears
text: free of the vamps holding him and DIVES forward, knocking Karen to
dialog: the ground just as --
text: BOOM!!! The wall of Pearl's bedchamber EXPLODES INWARD, knocking
text: Quinn and the rest of his cronies to their feet.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
text: stands in the smoking hole where the wall used to be, brandishing his
text: cane in one hand and an automatic rifle in the other. He balances the
text: rifle against his hip like an over-the-hill gunslinger and OPENS FIRE
dialog: on the vampires.
text: Blade rolls, snatching up a fragment of the parchment which has blown
text: free from the vault. Seconds later, he and Karen are fleeing after
text: Whistler, retreating back through his newly created exit.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: The three of them find themselves ankle-deep in a flooded sewer
text: tunnel running parallel to the archives. Whistler pauses, wheezing
text: from overexertion.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: Christ, I'm too old for this. Somebody
dialog: get me a goddamn wheelchair.
text: Blade leans against the tunnel wall, GRUNTING as he yanks the stake
text: from his shoulder. He then pulls out a light-stick, snapping it,
text: illuminating the area in a GREEN GLOW -- disturbing waves of
scene_heading: GLITTERING COCKROACHES.
text: Meanwhile, Whistler pulls another explosive device from his backpack
text: and sets it against the tunnel wall, arming it.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: How did you find us?!
text: Whistler taps a tiny radio headset curled around his ear.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: We keep in radio contact.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: You've been listening in the whole
dialog: time?
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: You think I'd let him run loose
dialog: without a chaperone? Blade ferrets
text: their rat-holes out, I map them. Then
dialog: we blow them all to kingdom come.
text: Whistler finishes arming the explosive device. It BEEPS. He turns
text: back to Blade and Karen, referring to a handheld navigation device.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: There's a subway line due East of
dialog: here. We'd best make tracks.
scene_heading: INT. PEARL'S BEDCHAMBER, ARCHIVES - NIGHT
text: An EXPLOSION rips through the bedchamber, mushrooming outward --
scene_heading: INT. BLACK PEARL - NIGHT
text: The EXPLOSION continues expanding, sending tables, drinks, and
text: zaibatsu clientele flying.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: As the group splashes through the water, a FIREBALL chases them down
text: the tunnel. They duck into an alcove, narrowly avoiding the flames.
text: Whistler WHOOPS with excitement, loving every minute of it. But his
dialog: triumph is short-lived, for now we hear --
text: -- a deafening chorus of HIGH-PITCHED VAMPIRE WAR CRIES coming from
text: behind. Karen hazards a look back --
speaker_heading: THE VAMPIRES
text: surge down the tunnel like a pack of hungry wolves on high-octane.
text: There must be a dozen of them now and Quinn is right in the lead.
text: Our trio hustles along, but Whistler stumbles, tumbling and sliding
text: down a washout. The steep incline of the washout makes it virtually
text: impossible for Whistler to climb back up to the main tunnel.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Whistler!
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: Go on, I'll be fine!
text: Karen hesitates, but Blade yanks her down the tunnel --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: He can take care of himself! GO!!!
text: They race through the twisting warren of tunnels, taking one turn
text: after another, the vampires hot on their heels --
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TUNNEL - NIGHT
text: Blade and Karen stumble out into a larger subway tunnel, which widens
text: into a station stop up ahead. We can see the RED TAIL-LIGHTS of a
text: train just pulling away from the platform -- Blade and Karen re-
text: double their efforts, lungs burning, legs pumping like mad. Just as
text: the train enters the next tunnel --
text: -- they leap, dragging themselves up onto the back of the rear-
text: passenger car. Blade SMASHES his fist through the emergency exit
text: window, then lifts Karen up, helping her climb through into the
dialog: car --
text: -- but the vampires are still coming! Crawling along the tunnel walls
text: on all fours, limbs a blur, claws striking the concrete and spewing
text: out sparks. Closing fast. Too fast.
speaker_heading: QUINN
text: springs forward, snagging Blade's ankle with his "good" hand. The
text: vampire's weight threatens to haul Blade down. Blade reaches to his
text: back-scabbard, unsheathes his sword --
text: THUNK! Blade brings the sword down on Quinn's good arm, cutting it
text: off at the wrist! Quinn falls to the tracks, tumbling head over heels
dialog: back into the darkness --
text: THE AMPUTATED HAND,
text: which continues to clutch at Blade's ankle, starts to melt. With a
text: cry of disgust, Blade kicks the thing away. He turns and climbs
dialog: through the window --
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY CAR - NIGHT
text: Karen helps Blade inside. He sinks to the floor of the otherwise
text: deserted car, exhausted. He's looking ashen now. The whites of his
text: eyes are shot through with red.
text: Karen gets a good look at Blade's wounds -- the front of his jacket
text: is soaked in blood. She reaches for him --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: You're hurt --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Nothing that won't heal by dawn.
text: Blade reaches into his jacket and pulls out the small, gas-powered
text: pistol-injector we saw Whistler inject him with earlier. He tries to
text: load one of the ampoules into it, but because of his wounds, he's not
dialog: having much luck --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: I need help with this --
text: Karen nods, inserting the ampoule into the gun. Blade shrugs off his
text: jacket, holds out his arm. Karen pauses --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: What am I injecting you with?
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Serum -- it's a human hemoglobin
dialog: substitute.
text: Karen locates a vein, presses the injector against it -- Blade
text: tenses, grits his teeth, fights to keep his body thrashing as the
text: serum enters his bloodstream. He grips the wall behind him --
text: actually digs his nails into the metal surface -- the agony he's
text: going through is excruciating, like nothing we could imagine.
text: When it's over, he slumps forward, spent, vulnerable, flushed with
text: sweat. Karen stares at him --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: You're one of them, aren't you?
text: Blade turns away from Karen, filled with self-loathing.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Not quite. I'm a hybrid. Half-human,
dialog: half-vampire.
dialog: Off Karen's surprised reaction, we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP - NIGHT
text: The loading elevator CLANGS to a stop. Blade throws the gate open.
text: Karen helps him out. Now that they're safely back, the last of
text: Blade's strength seems to dissipate.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
text: is waiting for them, sitting at a workbench.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: What took you so long?
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Don't even start, old man.
text: Blade throws his sword aside, then moves off into the shadows,
text: disappearing beyond the curtains. Karen looks to Whistler --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Why didn't you tell me the truth
dialog: about him?
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: We weren't sure we could trust you.
text: Whistler sighs, removing his glasses.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
text: Blade's mother was attacked by a
dialog: vampire while she was pregnant.
text: Ultimately, she died, but her unborn
dialog: child lived. Unfortunately, he'd
dialog: undergone certain genetic changes
dialog: while in the womb --
text: Whistler reaches for a pack of cigarettes, pulls one out. He thumbs a
text: match, fires up. Takes a long drag --
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: I found Blade when he was thirteen.
dialog: He'd been living on the streets,
text: feeding off the homeless. Apparently
text: the Thirst manifested itself at
dialog: puberty --
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I took him for one of them at first,
dialog: almost killed him, too. But then I
dialog: realized what he was.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EDGEWOOD TOWERS, PENTHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Frost stands at the window, looking out at the glimmering cityscape
text: before him.
scene_heading: INT. FROST'S PENTHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Frost turns away from window. Quinn, Mercury, and the other vampires
text: from the Black Pearl stand before him. Quinn cradles his amputated
text: stump with his newly grown arm.
speaker_heading: QUINN
dialog: He took my fucking hand! Again!
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: You seem to be in the habit of losing
dialog: them fairly often, Quinn. Maybe the
dialog: amputee lifestyle just suits you.
text: The other vampires laugh. Quinn stares them into silence.
speaker_heading: QUINN
dialog: We need to find him, tonight.
text: Frost claps a hand on Quinn's shoulder.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Down, boy. Blade's not going anywhere.
dialog: I promise. Right now, though, we've
dialog: more pressing business --
dialog: (off Mercury's look)
dialog: It's time Dragonetti paid the piper.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP - NIGHT
text: Whistler studies Karen, exhaling another lungful of smoke.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: Blade's unique, you know. A one in a
dialog: billion anomaly. He can withstand
text: sunlight, garlic, even silver. But he
dialog: still has the Thirst.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: What happens if he doesn't take the
dialog: serum?
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
text: The Thirst overcomes him, just like
dialog: the others. It's not something he can
dialog: control.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: The problem is, time's running out.
text: His body's starting to reject the
dialog: serum. And so far, all my efforts to
dialog: find a cure have ended in failure --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: No offense, Whistler, but you're not
dialog: exactly working with state of the art
dialog: equipment here. You might have missed
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: Which is why you're here. We could use
dialog: someone with your experience.
text: A beat passes between them and Karen knows where she stands now. In
text: for a penny, in for a pound. Whistler reaches for Blade's sword.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: This used to be mine, you know. It's
dialog: been passed down through the
dialog: centuries, from one hunter to the
dialog: next --
text: Whistler extends the sword, sighting down the length of it. He takes
text: a few practice parries -- it's obvious he used to be quite skilled in
dialog: the art of swordsmanship.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Why do you hunt them?
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: Habit, mostly, just like this.
text: Whistler gestures with his cigarette. He finally stubs it out, his
text: wistful reverie vanishing like so much smoke.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: I had a family once -- a wife, three
dialog: daughters. Then a drifter named Deacon
dialog: Frost came calling one evening --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: He killed them?
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
text: Eventually. He toyed with them first.
dialog: He made me choose, do you understand?
dialog: Which order they would die in --
text: Karen stares at Whistler, horrified.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: How did you escape?
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: I didn't. He was cruel enough to let
dialog: me live.
dialog: (slapping his brace)
dialog: Even gave me a souvenir to remember
dialog: him by.
text: Karen nods -- it's all falling into place for her now.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: And now you're using Blade to exact
dialog: your revenge?
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: (pointedly)
text: Frost's bodycount keeps rising, and
dialog: I'm not getting any younger, am I?
text: Just then, we hear a SCREAM come from Blade's room, sounding more
text: like the cry of a beast than a man. Karen takes a step towards
dialog: Blade's room --
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: I wouldn't go in there if I were you.
dialog: It's best to leave him alone when he's
dialog: like this.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I'll take my chances.
scene_heading: INT. BLADE'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Karen enters. It's dark, just a trace of moonlight.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Blade?
text: No answer. Then Karen SEES him -- crouched in the corner of the room
text: like some kind of nocturnal animal.
speaker_heading: KAREN
text: It's dark in here.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: You get used to the darkness.
text: Karen takes a step towards him.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Whistler told me about your mother.
text: Blade clutches the silver locket in his hand. It swings back and
text: forth, like a pendulum.
speaker_heading: BLADE
text: I can't close my eyes without hearing
text: her scream.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Those aren't real memories. No one has
dialog: that kind of recall.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: I do. I remember from day one. People
text: staring at me, sensing I was
text: different. Watching the fear grow in
dialog: their eyes, knowing in their hearts I
dialog: wasn't human.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: If you're not human, then why do you
dialog: bleed like us?
dialog: I've seen vampire blood, you don't
dialog: have it running through your veins.
text: Blade looks at Karen, his lambent eyes glowing in the moonlight.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Just get out of here.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Blade --
text: Blade turns, his eyes glowing with preternatural fury.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: I said, GET OUT!!!
text: Karen backs away, startled by Blade's vehemence. She exits, leaving
text: him alone with his demons. He holds up one of his empty serum
text: ampoules, crushing it in his fist.
speaker_heading: FROST'S VOICE
dialog: Rise and shine, little wing.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BURNING GROUNDS - JUST BEFORE DAWN
text: FADE IN on Dragonetti, his face covered with a black condemned man's
dialog: hood --
text: Frost stands before him, grinning like the Cheshire Cat. He's dressed
text: from head to toe in a black motorcycle suit -- boots, gloves, a
text: visored helmet tucked under one arm. Mercury and Quinn are standing
text: nearby, similarly attired.
text: We're on a stretch of rocky coastline, tucked away in a secluded
text: cove. Dragonetti has been stripped bare, chained like Prometheus to
text: an ancient standing stone.
speaker_heading: DRAGONETTI
dialog: (straining)
dialog: What is this? Where am I?!
text: Frost steps forward, pulling Dragonetti's hood off. Dragonetti stares
text: at his surroundings, horrified.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: When was the last time you stopped to
dialog: appreciate a sunrise, Dragonetti?
dialog: Three, four hundred years?
text: Frost checks his watch, then looks to the ocean. On the horizon, a
text: sliver of gold appears.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: How do you like that? Right on time.
speaker_heading: DRAGONETTI
dialog: (snarling)
dialog: The other elders will never let you
dialog: get away with this!
text: Just then, the TWELVE VAMPIRE ELDERS emerge behind Frost, forming a
text: circle around Dragonetti. All wear business suits, gloves, along with
text: high-tech "sun masks" to protect their faces from the light's lethal
dialog: rays.
text: They stare at Dragonetti like a silent jury. His face darkens, anger
text: rising -- but there's a desperation in his eyes now too. He speaks in
dialog: the secret tongue:
speaker_heading: DRAGONETTI
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: Don't you see, you fools?! He'll
dialog: betray you too! He's planning on
dialog: invoking LaMagra himself!
text: The vampires just smile and shake their heads.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: The wheel turns, old fang. Guess you
dialog: just got a little too long in the
dialog: tooth.
text: Dragonetti's cries are cut short as Frost forces the aging vampire's
text: mouth open, ripping out his fangs with his bare hands. Dragonetti
text: GURGLES and SHRIEKS, sounding like a dying animal.
text: Frost turns to face the Twelve now, his eyes bright with victory. He
text: pulls on his motorcycle helmet, as do Mercury and Quinn.
text: Behind them, Dragonetti struggles furiously against his chains to no
text: avail as the first faint rays of daylight fall upon him, channeled
dialog: inward by the natural formation of the cove --
text: Dragonetti HOWLS, his skin beginning sizzle and smoke. Then he
text: catches fire like paper beneath a magnifying glass. He thrashes about
text: as his flesh starts to run from his body.
scene_heading: THE VAMPIRE ELDERS
text: watch, impassive, protected by their masks --
text: -- when suddenly, TWELVE FIGURES rise up behind them, clad in bike
text: helmets and black leather, just like Frost. The intruders grip each
text: of the Elders in a strangle hold, ripping their masks off.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Dragonetti was right. You were fools
dialog: to trust me.
text: Frost flips down the visor of his helmet even as --
speaker_heading: THE RED SUN
text: rises in all its fiery glory.
text: One by one, the vampire Elder's heads catch fire, skullflesh sizzling
text: away -- burning down the line of them in successively building
text: intensity until all twelve EXPLODE in a conflagration of BLINDING
scene_heading: WHITE LIGHT.
text: Frost and his compatriots are blown off their feet by the sheer
text: intensity of the occult blast -- a blast which sends the skeletal
text: bodies of the Elders SLAMMING into the rock wall.
text: When it's over, Frost picks himself back up. We SEE that the only
text: thing left of Dragonetti and the others are --
scene_heading: THIRTEEN SHADOW SILHOUETTES
text: permanently etched onto the rock's surface, just like the bombing
dialog: victims of Hiroshima.
scene_heading: INT. WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP - DAY
text: Karen stands at a lab table with Whistler, preparing a number of
text: blood sample vials. They are surrounded by host of new medical
text: equipment -- from centrifuges to genetic sequencers and beyond.
text: Blade emerges from his room, looks to Karen. As if by silent
text: agreement, last night's words go unacknowledged. He straps on his
text: bandoleer of stakes, secures his scabbard.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: Going somewhere?
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: China Town. I need more serum.
dialog: (re: new equipment)
dialog: What's all this?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I made a trip to the hospital last
dialog: night, borrowed some equipment.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: For your miracle cure?
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: She's been making real progress,
dialog: Blade.
dialog: (to Karen)
dialog: Show him --
text: Karen looks to Blade, who shrugs. She opens a refrigerator, removing
text: a syringe filled with blue fluid.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: This is sodium citrate. It's an
dialog: anti-coagulant. We use it to treat
dialog: blood-clots sometimes. Vampire blood
dialog: is thinner than humans, though. Watch
dialog: what happens when I introduce some
dialog: into a sample --
text: Karen gestures to the microscope. Blade takes a look --
speaker_heading: BLADE'S POV
text: Vampire blood cells swirling about.
text: Karen injects the contents of the syringe onto the slide of cells --
text: the reaction is immediate. The vampire blood turns black, then begins
text: violently bubbling.
text: Blade lifts his head away from the microscope just in time -- the
text: blood on the slide atomizes, exploding outward in a fine mist which
text: bursts apart the glass lens of the scope.
text: Whistler laughs, thrilled with the results.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: Can you imagine what a dash of that
dialog: would do on your sword?
text: Whistler claps his hand on Karen's shoulder in approval, then limps
text: away, quickly busying himself with another project. Blade moves to
text: follow, but Karen stops him --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Before you go, I'd like to take a
dialog: sample of your blood.
text: Blade grudgingly rolls up his sleeve. As Karen takes her sample,
text: Blade looks to Whistler. The older man brings a handkerchief to his
text: lips, coughing into it.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Is he sick?
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Cancer.
text: Karen watches as Blade's blood flows into the vacutainer. She fills
text: the first, then inserts another.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: You care about him, don't you?
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: We've got a good arrangement, that's
dialog: all. Whistler makes the weapons, I use
dialog: them, the vampires die -- end of
dialog: story.
text: Karen finishes. Blade rolls up his sleeve.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: My mother used to say that a cold
text: heart is a dead heart.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Your mother sounds like a Hallmark
text: greeting card.
text: Blade slips his Casulls into a shoulder holster, then shrugs into his
text: leather jacket, donning his sunglasses.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: I'd wish you luck, Doc, but I never
dialog: put much stock in optimism.
text: He heads towards the elevator.
scene_heading: EXT. CHINATOWN, STREETS - DAY
text: Blade makes his way down a street lined with vending stalls --
text: passing MERCHANTS peddling exotic vegetables and cheap curios,
text: butcher shops with rows of roast ducks in the window, tyro GANG-
text: BANGERS lounging at the entrance to a video arcade.
speaker_heading: BLADE'S POV
text: Even though the streets are crowded, the people seem to make way for
text: him, avoiding eye-contact.
text: Blade turns into a dark alley, ducking into the doorway of a hole-in-
dialog: the-wall herbalist shop.
scene_heading: INT. HERBALIST SHOP - DAY
text: A bell atop the door JINGLES, announcing Blade's arrival. We're in a
text: dusty, cave-like room filled with baskets and bottle-lined shelves
text: featuring things like "Toad Spleen Extract" and "Barking Deer Wine".
text: Joss sticks burn, sending wispy tendrils of incense into the air.
text: At the back of the shop, an elderly CHINESE MAN in a cardigan sits in
text: front of a battered television, watching a boxing match. He's eating
text: a bowl of litchi fruit. On the counter nearby, a SPIDER MONKEY
text: watches attentively.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: How's it going, Kam?
speaker_heading: KAM
dialog: (re: calendar)
dialog: You're a week early.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: I was in the neighborhood.
text: Kam sets his fruit bowl aside, leads Blade through a curtain into a
text: back room.
scene_heading: INT. HERBALIST SHOP, BACK ROOM - DAY
text: Kam hands Blade a leather valise. He opens it -- its lined with tiny
text: ampoules of scarlet-colored serum. Blade pulls one out, holds it up
text: to the light.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Whistler says I'm building up a
dialog: resistance to it.
speaker_heading: KAM
dialog: I was afraid that might happen.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Maybe it's time to start exploring
dialog: other alternatives.
speaker_heading: KAM
dialog: There's only one alternative to the
dialog: serum.
text: Blade nods. They both know what that "alternative" is.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Yeah. I know.
text: Blade closes the valise and tucks it inside his jacket.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Thanks, Kam.
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: One other thing. Have you ever heard
dialog: of a vampire called the Sleeper?
text: Kam shakes his head. Blade pulls out the parchment he took from
dialog: Pearl.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: I found this in there archives. I need
dialog: to find someone who can read their
dialog: language.
text: Kam studies the parchment.
speaker_heading: KAM
dialog: I've heard about a woman named
dialog: Miracia. Some say she's a mayombero, a
text: Santeria witch. Supposedly she lives
dialog: in that tent community down by the
dialog: city dump. I'm told she only sees
dialog: people at night.
text: Blade nods his thanks and heads back through the curtains.
scene_heading: EXT. CHINATOWN, STREET - DAY
text: Blade emerges from the alley into the sunlight, then hears his name
text: WHISPERED on the wind.
speaker_heading: VOICE (o.s.)
dialog: Blade.
text: Blade spins, scanning his surroundings -- did he really hear his
dialog: name, or was it just the wind?
speaker_heading: VOICE (o.s.)
dialog: Blade.
text: Again, the taunting voice calls him. Blade's gaze finally settles
dialog: on --
speaker_heading: A MAN
text: sitting on a bench in the deep shade, his face obscured by the
text: Chinese newspaper he's reading. There's a LITTLE GIRL sitting stiffly
text: beside the man -- a look of pure terror written on her face.
speaker_heading: MAN
text: Afternoon, Blade.
text: The man lowers his newspaper. It's Deacon Frost. He's wearing
text: sunglasses, but otherwise, he's seemingly unprotected by the sun.
text: Blade reaches for his .454 --
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Easy.
text: Frost's hand rests on the back of the girl's neck. We see his claws
text: extend, caressing the flesh beneath her chin.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Wouldn't want our little friend here
dialog: to wind up on the back of a milk
dialog: carton, would we?
text: Blade reluctantly lowers his hand. Frost smiles. He takes in a deep
text: breath of air, savoring it.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Beautiful day, isn't it?
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: (confused)
dialog: How can you be out here?
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: I dabble in pharmaceuticals, medical
dialog: research. We've developed a type of
dialog: sun-blocker using octyl salicylate, a
dialog: few others things.
text: On closer examination we see that Frost is wearing a translucent
text: lotion on his face. He touches a finger to his cheek, rubs some of
text: the lotion between his fingers.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: It's not very effective in direct
dialog: sunlight, but it's a start. The goal,
dialog: of course, is to be like you, "the
dialog: Day-walker".
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: I don't buy it.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Why not? The future of our race runs
dialog: through your bloodstream. You've got
dialog: the best of both worlds, Blade. All of
dialog: our strengths and none of our
dialog: weaknesses.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Maybe I don't see it that way.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Oh, so it's back to pretending we're
dialog: human again, is it? Spare me the Uncle
dialog: Tom routine. You can't keep denying
dialog: what you are. You're one of us, Blade.
dialog: You always have been.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: You're wrong.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Am I? You think the humans will ever
dialog: accept a half-breed like you? They
dialog: can't. They're afraid of you.
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: The humans fear us because we're
dialog: superior. They fear us because in
dialog: their hearts they know their race has
dialog: become obsolete.
text: Frost watches the marketers stream past, sneering in contempt.
speaker_heading: FROST
text: Look at them, just an endless stream
text: of cattle in a mad race to the
dialog: slaughterhouse.
text: Frost lifts a silver flask to his mouth, taking a swig of blood. He
text: smacks his lips, sighs contentedly --
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: The pause that refreshes --
dialog: (offering it to Blade)
dialog: Care for some? Smells good, doesn't
dialog: it? Pungent, with just an
text: irrepressible hint of iron.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Pass.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: You sure now? I bled a newborn for
dialog: this. You won't find a drink that's
dialog: sweeter.
text: It takes every ounce of Blade's self-control to keep from attacking
text: Frost -- and Frost senses this, pressing his sharp thumbnail against
text: the child's jugular.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Tell me honestly, do you really get
dialog: the same rush from that pasteurized
dialog: piss-serum of yours?
dialog: (off Blade's look)
dialog: You're surprised I know about your
dialog: serum? You shouldn't be. I know
dialog: everything about you.
text: Frost leans forward, grinning.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: You can't keep walking the razor's
dialog: edge, Blade. The day will come -- and
dialog: soon, when you'll have to choose
dialog: between our kind and their's. If I
dialog: were you, I'd take care not to wind up
text: on the wrong end of the fang.
text: A bead of sweat runs down Frost's neck, washing away a minute amount
text: of the sun-blocking cream. The patch of exposed skin instantly
text: blackens. Frost gazes upwards at the sun.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Love to continue this chat, but it
dialog: appears I'm melting.
text: Frost rises, taking the little girl by the hand. Blade follows, his
text: hand resting on the butt of his Casull.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: You're not going anywhere.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: (growling)
dialog: Watch me.
text: Frost's eyes flicker towards the street -- a CITY BUS is rumbling by.
text: In a heartbeat, Frost hurls the little girl forward --
text: -- out into the path of the oncoming bus!
text: Blade has a split-second to act. It's Frost or the girl -- and for a
dialog: moment we actually think he's going to go for Frost --
text: -- but then he DIVES forward, scooping the girl into his arms,
text: throwing themselves out of the bus' path. The bus misses them by a
text: hair. By the time Blade looks up again --
text: -- Frost is gone. Blade rises, cursing, scanning the street as
text: market-goers gather around him.
speaker_heading: WHIP PAN TO --
text: SOMEONE sitting astride a motorcycle, watching Blade from the roof of
text: an elevated parking garage. The rider is clad from head to toe in a
text: helmet and black leather -- Mercury.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED FACTORY - DAY
text: Blade's Olds cruises into the gated grounds. It zips down the ramp
text: way into the loading elevator.
scene_heading: BACK BY THE TRAIN TRACKS --
text: Mercury's cycle rolls into frame. She picks up a radio handset and
dialog: keys it.
speaker_heading: MERCURY
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: This is Mercury. Tell Deacon I've
dialog: found their hiding place.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP - DAY
text: Blade enters through the loading elevator, finding Karen and Whistler
text: hard at work. She turns as he approaches -- SEES him back-lit by the
text: sun. She looks pale, the whites of her eyes are streaked with red.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Any progress?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Some. It's been slow --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: You don't look so good.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I'm just tired, that's all. We've been
text: up all night.
text: Blade nods, not buying her explanation. He shoots a glance to
text: Whistler, which doesn't go unnoticed by Karen.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Excuse me.
text: Karen turns, heading for the back of the workshop.
scene_heading: INT. WORKSHOP - BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Karen enters a dingy bathroom, turning on the overhead bulb. She
text: studies her reflection in the mirror above the sink, then grimaces as
text: she peels the dressing from her wound -- the wound is clearly
text: infected, gangrenous.
speaker_heading: BLADE (O.S.)
dialog: It's started.
text: Karen spins, startled. Blade stands behind her. He grips her jaw,
text: turning her head so he can better view the wound.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: You've got another day or two at most.
text: Karen nods, shaken. As she moves to leave, Blade reaches for her arm,
text: stopping her.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: For what it's worth, I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: You make it sound like I'm already
dialog: dead.
text: Blade just stares at her. Finally, she pulls away.
scene_heading: EXT. WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP - DUSK
text: CLOSE ON Karen as she moves to the grimy outer windows, watching the
text: sun go down, an unmistakable look of dread creeping over her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LANDFILL GHETTO - DUSK
text: Windy. Urban desolation. Blade stands on the perimeter of a sprawling
text: cardboard and plywood squatter's ghetto which has sprung up around
text: the city dump. CHILDREN and DOGS forage for salvageable items, while
text: in the distance, dumptrucks grind over the dunes of refuse.
scene_heading: MOMENTS LATER,
text: Blade is winding his way through the maze of makeshift homes and
text: ashcan fires. A CROWD quickly closes in around him, suspicious. A
text: BRUTISH MAN steps forward, challenging him --
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Extranjero. ¿Quien es?
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: I'm here to see Miracia. Kam sent me.
text: The man turns to his fellow squatters, WHISPERING. After a heated
text: debate, a GAUNT WOMAN steps forward, motioning --
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: This way.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP - NIGHT
text: Whistler and Karen sit at a work table. Karen is looking at a blood
text: smear slide through a microscope.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: All right, let's start with the basics
dialog: -- why do vampires need to drink
dialog: blood?
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: Their own blood can't sustain
dialog: hemoglobin.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Then vampirism is a genetic defect,
dialog: just like Hemolytic anemia?
text: Whistler nods.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: So what about gene therapy?
text: Whistler looks intrigued. Karen continues.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Basically you'd have to re-write the
dialog: victim's DNA, alter it so that the DNA
dialog: will produce proteins capable of
text: generating hemoglobin.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: KAREN
text: With a retrovirus. It's injected into
dialog: the bone marrow cells, it causes the
dialog: host's DNA to mutate. They've been
dialog: using them to treat Sickle-cell
dialog: anemia.
text: Whistler can hardly believe what he's hearing.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: You're serious? You actually think
dialog: this could work?
text: Karen pauses -- we can see in her expression that there's something
text: she's been holding back.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: On me, yes. On Blade, I'm not so
dialog: sure --
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: The problem is, Blade didn't contract
dialog: the vampire virus from a bite like I
dialog: did. He was born with it. The irony
dialog: is, I could probably cure every
dialog: vampire but him.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: Then we're back to square one, aren't
dialog: we? Sooner or later, the Thirst always
dialog: wins.
text: At that moment, the lights in the workshop flicker, then go out.
text: Karen looks around the room, alarmed.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: What happened to the power?
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: I don't know, but the back-up
dialog: generator should've kicked in.
text: A few seconds pass. The back-up generator still hasn't activated.
text: Whistler moves to the window --
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
text: UV floodlights are down too.
text: As Whistler reaches for a flashlight we hear the sound of GLASS
text: SHATTERING coming from the other end of the workshop. Whistler shines
text: the flashlight in that direction. We hear more sounds now -- water
text: draining, glass tinkling.
text: Whistler raises a finger to his lips, signaling silence. He edges
text: towards the black-out curtains, Karen falling in behind him.
scene_heading: INT. WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP - TANK ROOM - NIGHT
text: Whistler and Karen enter, cautious --
speaker_heading: THE TANK
text: containing the vampire child has been smashed open. It's empty now,
text: with just the steadily draining blood seeping across the floor in a
text: widening pool -- and a trail of tiny BLOODY FOOTPRINTS leading back
text: out into the main workshop.
scene_heading: INT. WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP - NIGHT
text: Karen scans the shadows, eyes alert. We hear a WHISPER, then a
text: teasing, childish, GIGGLE.
text: Whistler moves the flashlight in a slow circle, shining the beam over
text: every inch of the room. And just as he's about to complete his
dialog: circuit --
speaker_heading: THE CHILD
text: leaps from where it had been hiding overhead! Karen SCREAMS.
text: Whistler is knocked to the floor, the flashlight spinning from his
dialog: hand --
text: The feral child lands atop Whistler, HISSING like a cobra. Its
text: macrocephalic head seems to morph, twisting into grotesque
text: proportions. And just as it's about to strike --
text: ZZZZING! Whistler withdraws a silver rapier which had been hidden
text: inside his cane. He lunges forward --
text: WHOOSH! The child takes off like a blue streak, sending test tubes
text: and medical equipment CRASHING to the floor. It zips past Karen --
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: Get it!!!
text: Karen snatches up the flashlight, chasing after it as Whistler
text: struggles to his feet --
text: Karen sweeps the flashlight around, catching only fleeting glimpses
text: of the child as it darts through the workshop. She reaches a shelving
text: unit where Whistler's weapons are stored, grabs one of the modified
dialog: pistols --
text: Karen tries to draw a bead on the creature. She FIRES, misses, FIRES
text: again -- she's getting more unnerved as the seconds tick by and the
text: creature is moving closer and --
text: -- suddenly it's right in front of her, flying through the air, fangs
dialog: bared!
text: The child knocks Karen back against the wall. It's at her throat,
text: sinking its claws into her neck. Karen chokes, forcing Whistler's
text: pistol under the monstrosity's chin --
text: -- but then the creature morphs again, transforming into a beatific
text: little cherubim of a child -- and Karen hesitates, because the child
text: seems so goddamned human now and its eyes are luminous, pulsing and
dialog: hypnotic and --
text: -- suddenly Whistler reaches in from behind, YANKING the vampire
text: child's head back, FIRING a pistol into its skull. The creature
dialog: slumps --
text: Karen cries out, disgusted, flinging the corpse away from her. As it
text: continues to writhe --
text: THUNK! Whistler swings his cane-rapier down on the creature, brutally
text: decapitating it. Finishing the job. Then he looks to Karen, winded.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: Understand this -- they are monsters.
dialog: Hesitate for even a moment, and you've
dialog: lost.
speaker_heading: FROST (O.S.)
text: Words to live by, Whistler.
text: Whistler spins, eyes wide. He knows that voice.
speaker_heading: DEACON FROST
text: steps into the pool of illumination thrown off by the flashlight,
text: followed by Mercury and Quinn.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: It's been a long time, hasn't it, "old
dialog: friend"?
scene_heading: EXT. LANDFILL GHETTO - MIRACIA'S CABIN - NIGHT
text: Blade is led to a plywood cabin crowded with candle-lit altars --
text: garish pictures of Saints and demons abound, alongside bottles of
text: roots and herbs steeped in alcohol, human bones, voodoo dolls.
speaker_heading: MIRACIA
text: sits on a sagging couch outside, clutching a deck of well-thumbed
text: Bicycle playing cards. She's ancient, with a mouthful of gold-capped
text: teeth and cataract-clouded eyes. Blind.
speaker_heading: MIRACIA
dialog: Is something wrong, my friend?
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: You're blind --
speaker_heading: MIRACIA
dialog: There are other ways to see. Sit.
text: Blade approaches, uneasy. Miracia deals out the playing cards on a
text: rickety table, setting them in nine piles which take on a cross
dialog: formation.
speaker_heading: MIRACIA
dialog: Perhaps you have brought me something
dialog: -- an offering for the orishas?
text: Blade tosses a handful of bills on the table. Miracia nods, then
text: flips over the first card in the center pile -- a one-eyed Jack. She
dialog: sighs, grave --
speaker_heading: MIRACIA
dialog: Hold out your hands.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: I didn't come here to get my palms
dialog: read. I need something translated.
speaker_heading: MIRACIA
dialog: Show me.
text: Blade removes parchment fragment from his jacket and sets it on the
text: table. Miracia traces her fingers over the ancient paper, touching
text: her fingertips to her lips.
speaker_heading: MIRACIA
text: Sangre. Written in blood.
text: She runs her hands over each line as if it were written in Braille.
text: Some of the candles gutter, then extinguish themselves as the wind
text: around them rises.
speaker_heading: MIRACIA
dialog: This is an old tongue, from an old
text: world. It concerns LaMagra.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Who is LaMagra?
speaker_heading: MIRACIA
dialog: The vampire God. This speaks of His
dialog: return.
text: Miracia's fingers search the parchment again.
speaker_heading: MIRACIA
dialog: "-- there will come a Day Walker."
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "His blood will call the Sleeper from
dialog: beyond the Veil of Tears."
text: Blade stares at Miracia, shaken.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: His blood -- ?
text: The old woman nods, reaching for a smoldering cigarette.
speaker_heading: MIRACIA
text: The Day Walker's blood is a disparador
dialog: -- a trigger, you see? For LaMagra's
dialog: return. One need only consume it and
dialog: the spirit of his ancestors will
text: settle upon him.
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "And the Sleeper will rise from the
text: shadows anew, cleansing the world in a
dialog: Tide of Blood."
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: (recalling the phrase)
dialog: "The Blood Tide".
speaker_heading: MIRACIA
dialog: (nodding)
text: Yes. The vampire apocalypse. It is
dialog: said that all who feel its taint will
text: succumb to the Thirst.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: How do I stop it?
text: Miracia shrugs, spreading her hands.
speaker_heading: MIRACIA
dialog: The Great Wheel turns, my friend. The
dialog: Dark is rising. How would you fight a
dialog: shadow?
text: Miracia sits back, slumping into her chair. The candles have burnt
dialog: themselves down to nothing.
speaker_heading: MIRACIA
dialog: I am tired. Dawn is coming.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: But I just got here --
speaker_heading: MIRACIA
dialog: You've been here longer than you
dialog: think.
text: Blade rises, looking to the horizon. Incredibly, dawn is coming. As
text: he stands there, mystified, the wind picks up, sweeping the parchment
text: fragment out of his hand. He tries to snatch it back, but the
text: fragment is quickly borne away. He watches it disappear into the sky,
dialog: then turns back --
text: Miracia is gone. Blade glances around him, but she's nowhere to be
dialog: found.
scene_heading: CAMERA PULLS BACK,
text: isolating Blade amidst the ghostly squalor. From our vantage point,
text: he looks like any other homeless phantom.
scene_heading: INT. WHISTLER'S WORKSHOP - DAWN
text: Blade steps out from the elevator into the workshop --
text: The place has been trashed. It looks like a tornado touched down in
text: his absence. Blade pulls out one of his .454s, cautious --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: WHISTLER?!
text: -- and then he stops dead in his tracks.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
text: has been strung up by his arms against the far wall, tortured and
text: left for dead. In response to Blade's voice, a MOAN escapes the dying
text: man's lips.
text: Blade rushes to the wall, cutting Whistler down with his sword,
text: gently lowering him to the floor. As he cradles the old man in his
text: arms, Blade sees the primary wound -- two ragged puncture marks along
text: Whistler's throat.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Jesus, Whistler, what did they do to
dialog: you?
text: Whistler opens his eyes, struggling to speak --
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: Frost took her --
text: Whistler spasms and coughs, wincing from the pain.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Don't try to talk --
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: Listen. You have to -- finish me off.
dialog: You don't want me coming back.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: No, we can treat the wounds --
text: But Whistler is shaking his hand.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: Too far gone, you know that.
text: Blade's at a complete loss.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Whistler, I can't.
text: Whistler clutches at Blade's arm, his eyes burning with conviction.
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: Yes you can. Now get on with it.
text: As much as he'd like to deny it, Blade knows that Whistler is right.
text: He pulls a stake from his bandoleer, hesitates.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Whistler, I --
speaker_heading: WHISTLER
dialog: (cutting him off, more gentle now)
dialog: I know.
dialog: (forcing a smile)
dialog: Just be quick about it, will you? Do
dialog: it right.
text: Blade fights back tears. With a wretched moan, he turns his head and
text: drives the stake into Whistler's chest. Whistler GASPS. Blade wraps
text: his arms around the older man, holding him tight as the life runs out
text: of him, rocking back and forth --
text: After a while, the rocking stops and Blade lays Whistler on the
text: floor. Then something catches his eye --
scene_heading: A SHARP VIEW-CAMCORDER
text: resting nearby, labeled, "PLAY ME". Blade reaches for the camcorder,
text: cues the tape -- Frost's face appears on the tiny built-in screen.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Hello, Blade. By the time you watch
dialog: this, Whistler will no doubt be
text: winging his way to Heaven, thanks to
dialog: your capable hands. If it makes any
dialog: difference to you, he put up quite a
dialog: fight.
text: Frost touches a deep gash which runs across his cheek.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Now, I'm sure you're wondering about
text: Ms. Jansen's well-being. She's alive
text: and kicking -- "ambulatory", as they
dialog: like to say in the trade. Whether or
dialog: not she remains so is entirely up to
dialog: you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'll make this as easy as possible for
dialog: you, Blade. You can find us at the
dialog: Edgewood Towers. We'll be waiting with
text: baited breath.
text: The tape cuts to static. Blade throws the camcorder against the wall.
text: It shatters into a dozen pieces.
text: Blade turns now, his eyes falling on the medical equipment Karen
text: brought from the hospital. He moves to the refrigerator, removing a
text: canister labeled "SODIUM CITRATE". Then he draws his sword. We can
text: practically see the wheels turning within his mind --
scene_heading: MOMENTS LATER,
text: Blade stands before the open flames of one of the furnaces, heating
text: his sword in the fire. He withdraws it -- it's molten red.
text: Blade turns, dousing the molten hot sword into the sodium citrate
text: canister. The refrigerated liquid reacts with the heat, causing the
text: sword to STEAM and HISS.
text: When Blade withdraws the smoking sword, we SEE that the gleaming
text: steel has changed colors, taking on a bluish tinge, just like the
text: sodium citrate it was immersed in. Blade smiles to himself,
dialog: satisfied.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FROST'S PENTHOUSE, INNER CHAMBER - DAY
text: Sparse decor in a Neo-Japanese vein. Minimalist lighting. The walls
text: are glass. Recirculating pumps send a constant stream of water
text: cascading down them.
text: Karen is escorted into the room by Mercury. She gestures to a chair
text: at the end of a long table. Karen sits.
speaker_heading: FROST
text: leans forward out of the shadows, resting his elbows on the table,
text: hands steepled together.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Well, here we are, Doctor.
text: A cigarette appears in Frost's hand. In the blink of an eye, the
text: cigarette is lit, burning. The movements are so quick we barely have
dialog: time to register them.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Why haven't you killed me yet?
speaker_heading: MERCURY
dialog: Deacon likes to play with his food
text: before he eats it.
text: Frost laughs. Karen tries to keep calm. The longer she keeps them
text: talking, the longer she remains alive.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: How many of you are there?
speaker_heading: FROST
text: A few thousand scattered about the
dialog: globe. In the past, we've had to
dialog: restrict our numbers for fear of
dialog: discovery. That won't be necessary
dialog: after tonight.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: What happens then?
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: The Blood Tide. Our long-prophesied
dialog: holy war against the humans. There's a
dialog: force, you see -- a spirit that exists
dialog: in our blood. I've discovered a way to
text: invoke it.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: LaMagra --
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: That's right. The answers were there
dialog: all along, of course, scribbled down
dialog: in the forgotten languages of my kind.
dialog: Waiting for someone with the patience
dialog: to decipher them.
dialog: My elders were foolish enough to
dialog: dismiss them as wives tales. But I
dialog: knew better.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Imagine my surprise when Blade turned
dialog: out to be the key which would set that
dialog: force free.
text: Frost sits forward now, impassioned.
speaker_heading: FROST
text: LaMagra isn't a physical being. He's a
dialog: spirit, requiring a flesh and blood
text: host in order to manifest himself.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: You.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Who better to usher in the Blood Tide?
text: Karen shakes her head, protesting --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: There's no need for any of this. Your
dialog: condition can be treated. Whistler and
dialog: I were working on a cure when --
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: What makes you think we want to be
dialog: cured? Blood is only part of the
dialog: equation. The hunt, the killing,
dialog: that's what the Thirst is really
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: But you use blood banks --
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Only as a last resort. Preserved blood
dialog: is inferior. There's no flavor left to
dialog: it, no life.
dialog: (rising from his seat)
dialog: Fortunately, I've found a way around
dialog: that particular obstacle.
text: Frost moves to the end of the room. He pushes a button. With a HUM
text: the wall slides open, revealing something Karen wishes she'd never
dialog: seen -- living blood banks.
scene_heading: THREE SEDATED HUMANS
text: have been hooked up to IV feeds which replenish various nutrients as
text: their blood is drained from them. Shunts have been implanted in their
text: forearms which serve as taps.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Under these conditions I can keep a
dialog: donor alive for years, producing
dialog: anywhere from fifty to a hundred pints
dialog: of blood.
dialog: (admiring his charges)
dialog: Of course, this is just a pilot
dialog: program, really. Once the Tide comes,
dialog: we'll need to expand production. So
dialog: many more mouths to feed --
text: Karen turns away, overwhelmed by revulsion.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: You're a monster.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Why? Because we live at another
dialog: species' expense? Your people farm
dialog: cattle and veal, don't they? Fattening
dialog: them up with steroids? It's called
dialog: evolution, Doctor. Survival of the
dialog: fittest.
text: Frost stares at Karen with an intense, uncompromising gaze.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: I have a wake-up call for the human
dialog: race. You're no longer at the top of
dialog: the food chain.
scene_heading: EXT. SKYSCRAPER ROOFTOP - DAY
speaker_heading: BLADE'S POV
text: A telephoto view of Frost's penthouse. The windows are polarized,
text: blocking out the sun's harsh rays.
text: Blade lowers a pair of binoculars. He's standing on the roof of a
text: building across the street. He hefts an air-launcher rifle up into
dialog: firing position --
text: BANG! An iron spike trailing a steel cable rockets through the air
text: between the two buildings, sinking into the concrete facade of
text: Frost's penthouse. Blade secures his end of the rope. He slips a
text: pulley over the rope, grabs hold of two handles, and leaps off the
dialog: roof ledge!
text: WHOOSH! Blade slides towards Frost's penthouse, a good twenty stories
text: above street level. A second before he reaches the windows, Blade
text: lets go. Momentum sends him CRASHING through in a shower of glass.
scene_heading: INT. FROST'S PENTHOUSE - DAY
text: An ALARM is ringing. Sunlight streams in through the broken window.
text: TWO VAMPIRE GUARDS who have been caught in the sudden swath of light
text: are burning up before our eyes. Blade climbs to his feet --
scene_heading: A THIRD VAMPIRE
text: leaps at him. Blade spins, flipping the vampire over his shoulder,
text: sending him straight through one of the other windows --
scene_heading: EXT. FROST'S PENTHOUSE - DAY
text: The vampire tumbles earthward, SCREAMING as the sun's rays ignite his
text: body, falling like a human comet.
scene_heading: INT. FROST'S PENTHOUSE - DAY
text: Blade unsheathes his sword and heads out into the hall --
scene_heading: INT. FROST'S PENTHOUSE, HALLWAY - DAY
text: To Blade's right is the inner chamber with the "waterfall" walls. As
text: ANOTHER VAMPIRE approaches, Blade readies his sword --
speaker_heading: VAMPIRE
dialog: You think I'm afraid of that toothpick
dialog: of yours?
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: You should be. I've made some
dialog: improvements.
text: And with that, Blade thrusts his blackened sword forward, right
text: through the vampire's chest.
text: The creature SHRIEKS and atomizes -FWOOSH!- flying apart in a fine-
text: beaded spray of blood mist.
text: Up ahead are a set of steel doors with a time-lock mechanism. Blade
text: draws a Casull, BLASTS away at the lock, then shoulders the doors
dialog: open --
scene_heading: INT. FROST'S SLEEPING CHAMBER - DAY
text: We are in a windowless, vault-like room dominated by a series of
text: high-tech STAINLESS STEEL SARCOPHAGI. Think of a hyperbaric coffin,
text: each unit possessing a small face-plate window through which the
dialog: sleeping subject can be viewed.
text: Blade unsheathes his sword. He grabs the lid of the first
text: sarcophagus, HEAVING upward. With a PNEUMATIC HISS, the lid rises,
text: belching out a cloud of condensation mist.
text: As the mist clears, revealing the occupant within, Blade raises his
text: sword, ready to plunge it downward -- only it's not Deacon Frost who
text: rests beneath him, it's --
speaker_heading: VANESSA,
dialog: Blade's mother!!! Although some thirty years have passed since the
text: events of our prologue, Vanessa looks exactly the same -- vibrant,
text: beautiful, full of life. Her eyes open.
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: Jason.
text: Blade gasps, uncomprehending.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Mother -- ?!
text: Vanessa rises from the sarcophagus, tears staining her cheeks.
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: I've missed you so much, Jason.
dialog: (drawing closer)
dialog: You have no idea what I've been
dialog: through, how much I've wanted to see
dialog: you --
text: Blade falters, his mind reeling. What he's seeing is incomprehensible
text: -- his mother is dead. Yet, here she is in the flesh, reaching out to
dialog: him and --
text: -- flashing a mouthful of viper-like fangs! She SNARLS and strikes,
text: brutally raking her claws across Blade's face, knocking the sword
dialog: from his grasp --
scene_heading: A TRIO OF BLACK-CLAD VAMPIRES
text: led by Mercury step from the shadows where they'd been waiting all
text: along. They're armed with tasers which they fire en masse --
text: Blade is hit by the taser darts from all sides. He writhes as
text: electricity courses through him, then collapses in a heap. He labors
text: to lift his head, looking up at Vanessa --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: But you -- died --
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: (a hellish smile)
dialog: Deacon brought me back.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Fight him --
text: As if on cue, Frost appears at Vanessa's side, wrapping a proprietary
text: arm about her waist, kissing the nape of her neck. She leans into him
dialog: -- an act of practiced intimacy.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: She can't. She's one of my thralls
dialog: now. She has about as much free will
text: as a puppet on a string.
dialog: (looking at Vanessa)
dialog: You love me, don't you, Vanessa?
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: Yes.
text: Frost kisses Vanessa hungrily. Then he kneels and reaches into
text: Blade's jacket, retrieving a vial of Blade's serum.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: What do we have here? Your precious
dialog: serum? I don't think you'll be needing
dialog: this anymore.
text: Frost crushes the vial in his fist. Blade struggles to reach Frost,
text: stretching a palsied hand upwards --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Please --
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: Listen to your father, Jason. It's
dialog: going to be a better world.
text: Blade stares at Vanessa uncomprehending.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Don't look so surprised, Blade. You've
dialog: spent your life looking for the
dialog: vampire who fathered you. Well you can
dialog: rest easy now, you've found him.
dialog: (gripping Blade's chin)
dialog: Daddy's here.
text: Blade's eyes widen in shock. Frost simply laughs.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: It's true, Blade. You've got my blood
dialog: running through your veins.
dialog: (smiling)
text: Thirty years ago. A moonlit street, a
dialog: woman on her way home alone. You were
dialog: conceived the night I tore my fangs
dialog: into your mother's flesh.
text: Frost swings his fist into Blade's skull. Everything goes black.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ARMORED TRUCK - NIGHT
text: FADE IN as Blade opens his eyes, still groggy, his face beaded with
text: sweat. Feverish. His hands have been bound tightly behind his back
text: with manacles and chains.
speaker_heading: KAREN
text: sits nearby, watching him. From the steady rocking motion and the
text: SOUNDS of traffic outside, it's evident that they are in the back of
text: a moving truck.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: I've been better --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: How long have we been driving?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: I don't know. I woke up just before
dialog: you did --
text: As he struggles to sit up, she crosses over to him. Blade shuts his
text: eyes for a moment, fighting a wave of pain.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Is it bad?
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: We get out of this alive, maybe I'll
dialog: take that miracle cure of yours.
text: Karen doesn't respond. Instead she looks away. How in the world is
dialog: she supposed to tell him this?
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: It won't work on you.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: Karen forces herself to meet his gaze.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Your condition's congenital, the
dialog: genetic mutations occurred in utero.
dialog: All the other victims contracted
dialog: vampirism after birth.
text: Blade stares at Karen, disbelieving. Who could imagine a more
text: horrifying irony? She's crying now. She can't help it.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I can't cure you, Blade. I can cure
dialog: myself, but I can't cure you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm so sorry.
text: Blade's head sinks, the last vestiges of hope draining out of him.
text: And then, as if the final stake were being pounded in, the truck
text: lurches to a stop. We hear the ENGINE being killed, then FOOTSTEPS
text: approaching, and then a series of BOLTS BEING SHIFTED as --
text: -- the back of the truck is thrown open. Frost stands there,
text: grinning, flanked by Mercury, Quinn, Vanessa, and a half-dozen other
scene_heading: VAMPIRE ASSOCIATES.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Welcome home, children.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BANK OF EREBUS - NIGHT
text: Blade and Karen are dragged from the back of the truck, which is
text: revealed now to be an armored car.
text: THE BANK OF EREBUS
text: rises up before them. A towering beaux-arts edifice situated in the
text: heart of the city's high-priced financial district -- one of the many
text: institutions owned and operated by the vampire enclave.
text: Frost starts up the marble steps towards a grand, triple-arched
text: entrance flanked by Corinthian columns. Karen and Blade are dragged
text: along after him.
scene_heading: INT. BANK OF EREBUS - ATRIUM - NIGHT
text: Frost leads his vampires into a high-ceilinged atrium, moving towards
text: a bank of elevators -- one of the doors of which is outfitted with a
text: high-tech hand-key ID system.
text: Frost places his palm on the ID screen. The screen GLOWS GREEN,
text: acknowledging his identity. In response, the doors HISS open.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY ELEVATOR - NIGHT
text: Blade and Karen are pulled inside the elevator. The control panel
text: buttons have vampire glyphs, rather than numbers. Frost presses the
text: bottom one. The doors close with a WHOOSH and the car descends --
dialog: down, down, down.
text: Frost glances over at Karen, smiling amiably.
speaker_heading: FROST
text: On its surface, this building houses
dialog: one of the city's oldest financial
dialog: institutions -- and for over
dialog: two-hundred years its served our
dialog: corporate needs. Look beneath the
dialog: surface, however, and you'll discover
dialog: another truth entirely --
text: The elevator CHIMES, having arrived at its destination. The doors
text: HISS open, revealing
scene_heading: INT. THE TEMPLE OF NIGHT
text: A vast, barrel-vaulted chamber lined with recessed tombs stretches
text: out before us -- an underground cathedral of sorts, wrought from
text: alabaster and marble. Restrained. Elegant. Replete with dark
text: splendor.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: As above, so below.
text: Torches burn in wall sconces, casting everything in a warm, amber
text: glow. Frost takes in the beauty of the place.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Welcome to our hall of ancients,
dialog: Doctor. We call it the Temple of
dialog: Night.
text: Blade and Karen are led to the middle of the room, where a stone
text: altar rises up from a dais. Blade is roughly thrown to the ground. He
text: kneels there, eyes cast downward. Broken. His system being assaulted
text: by the devastating effects of the Thirst.
text: Quinn and Mercury pick their way through Blade's discarded gear.
text: Quinn picks up the punching dagger, admiring it.
text: Frost turns to Mercury, who's been holding Blade's scabbarded sword.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Let's see this sword of his.
text: Mercury draws the sword, handing it to Frost. He sights down the
text: length of it, testing its weight. With a flick of his wrist, he
text: lashes out, slashing Blade's cheek open.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Still quite sharp, I see.
text: Blade feebly struggles to rise. Frost clubs him on the back of the
text: neck with the sword pommel. Blade crumples. Karen tries to pull free,
text: but Quinn holds her tight.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Blade --
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: You're wasting your breath, woman. He
dialog: can't hear you now. It's the Thirst,
dialog: you see? It already has him in its
dialog: grip.
text: Frost reaches down, dragging Blade's head up by his hair. Karen
text: watches on as Frost continues to taunt him.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: How long has it been since you had
dialog: your serum? Twelve hours? More? You
dialog: must be quite thirsty by now.
text: He crouches down so he's eye to eye with Blade.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: What does it feel like? Is your blood
dialog: on fire? Are you burning up inside?
dialog: Give in to the Thirst, Blade. Embrace
dialog: your true nature.
text: Blade shivers, grits his teeth, it's like he's going through heroin
dialog: withdrawal.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: -- go to hell --
text: Frost smiles, his eyes burning with an infernal glow.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: I've got news for you, Blade. We're
dialog: already here.
text: Frost turns to the others, motioning.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Take him to the sanctuary. It's time
dialog: he was bled.
text: The other vampires retreat, dragging Blade along with them. Karen is
text: left alone with Frost and Quinn.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: I'd let you watch the proceedings,
dialog: Doctor, but I'm afraid that privilege
dialog: is reserved for members of my own
dialog: race. Don't worry, though, I've made
dialog: alternate arrangements for you.
text: Frost motions and Quinn drags Karen towards --
text: THE MOUTH OF A PIT
text: some forty feet deep, its lichen-encrusted stone walls worn smooth
text: over time. As Frost gestures to the yawning darkness beneath them,
text: Quinn forces Karen towards the edge.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: We call this the Bone Pit. It's where
dialog: we keep our mistakes, the ones who
dialog: couldn't successfully make the
dialog: transition from human to vampire.
text: Frost reaches out, caressing Karen's neck, puncturing the soft flesh
text: beneath her chin with a razored fingernail.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: They'll feed on anything, given the
dialog: chance -- animals, corpses, even other
dialog: vampires.
text: Frost nods. Karen struggles against Quinn, but it's no good. In a
dialog: manner of seconds, she's falling --
scene_heading: INT. BONE PIT - NIGHT
text: -- making a decidedly rough landing on a heap of bones far below. She
text: GROANS, taking stock of her battered body.
speaker_heading: UP ABOVE,
text: Deacon watches from the lip of the pit, amused.
speaker_heading: FROST
text: Of course, a strapping young woman
dialog: like yourself -- well I think you just
dialog: might be considered finger food.
text: And with that, he's gone, stepping away from the pit.
scene_heading: INT. TEMPLE OF NIGHT - BLEEDING CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: We are in a small, elevated antechamber which is situated above the
dialog: main vampire sanctuary.
speaker_heading: BLADE,
text: now weakened to the point of collapse, is being lashed to a rack-like
text: device by iron chains.
text: Mercury and her cohorts move efficiently, quickly securing him. When
text: they are through, the rack is hoisted up into the air via a series of
text: winch-driven chains.
text: With every turn of the winch crank, the chains are drawn tighter,
text: causing Blade to CRY OUT, until at last, he is suspended in mid-air,
text: spread-eagle.
speaker_heading: FROST
text: approaches, still carrying Blade's sword.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: It's been a long road, hasn't it? Such
dialog: a pity Whistler led you so far astray.
text: Frost cocks his head to the side, studying Blade's face.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: I don't blame you, though. I want you
dialog: to know that. Even after all you've
dialog: done. I understand, Blade, I really
dialog: do. It's the human side of you which
dialog: has corrupted your reasoning, made you
dialog: weak. But we'll take care of that,
dialog: won't we?
text: Blade struggles to lift his head, forcing himself to match Frost's
text: gaze, shaking with hatred.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: I'd kill myself -- before I turned
dialog: into something like you.
text: Frost just smiles and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: No you wouldn't. I'm going to bleed
dialog: you dry, Blade. All the poison that
dialog: makes you human.
dialog: (drawing closer)
dialog: When the Tide comes, you'll be begging
dialog: me put you through the Change.
text: Frost lifts up Blade's sword, methodically slitting Blade's wrists
text: one by one. He makes the cuts lengthwise, opening up the cephalic and
text: basilic veins with surgical precision.
text: Blood wells up from the fresh wounds, running down Blade's forearms,
text: collecting in a cistern beneath his feet.
text: Frost watches the steady, inexorable process, then nods, satisfied.
text: He looks to the others who are gathered behind him, watching on with
text: silent reverence.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: It's done. We should ready ourselves
dialog: for the ritual of invocation.
text: Frost leads Mercury, Quinn, and the others from the sanctuary.
text: Blade struggles futilely against his bonds, crying out in
text: frustration, his body eventually sagging from exhaustion.
speaker_heading: VANESSA (O.S.)
dialog: There's no use fighting us, Jason.
text: Blade looks up, focusing now on --
speaker_heading: VANESSA,
text: who has remained behind. Blade stares at her. As terrible as his
text: physical torment is, his mother's betrayal is infinitely worse.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: How could you be a part of this?
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: These are my people now. I'm one of
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: You don't have to be.
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: You don't understand. I've killed,
dialog: I've hunted, and I've enjoyed it.
text: She draws closer, caressing her son's face. There's just a hint of
text: creepy eroticism in her action, a dash of incest.
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: I wish you could see the world as I
dialog: do. Deacon opened my eyes. There's no
text: turning back from that.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: I don't believe that.
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: You will. Time is on our side. Sooner
text: or later, the Thirst always wins.
text: Vanessa turns away now. Blade cries after her --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Mother!
text: Vanessa pauses, looking back, smiling cruelly.
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: Your mother died the night you
dialog: were born.
text: And with that, she's gone, melting into the shadows.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE BONE PIT - NIGHT
text: Karen rises, wary, taking in her shadowed surroundings.
scene_heading: HEAPS OF HUMAN BONES
text: are piled against the pit walls -- skulls, rib-cages, femurs, tibias
text: -- all picked clean of flesh. Some of the skulls have large, canine-
text: like fangs -- the remnants, no doubt, of long-deceased vampires.
text: Suddenly we hear a WHISPER of sorts, the soft CLINKING of bone
dialog: fragments grinding together --
text: Karen spins, trying to place the source of the sound. Then she hears
text: the SOUND again. Behind her now, closer.
speaker_heading: REVENANT (O.S.)
dialog: Karennnnn --
text: Karen looks up with a growing sense of dread.
speaker_heading: A FACE
text: emerges from the darkness. Pallid, cadaverous, shedding its
text: desiccated flesh. Lidless eyes like black marbles slick with
text: Vaseline. A mouth like a raw wound.
speaker_heading: REVENANT
dialog: Karreennnnnn. I never thought I'd see
dialog: you againnnnn.
text: Karen backs away, realizing who she's standing before.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Curtis?!
text: What used to be Curtis SNARLS, knocking Karen back into the drift-
text: pile of bones. It pins her to the ground, kneeling above her,
text: gurgling through its gutted trachea.
scene_heading: CURTIS REVENANT
dialog: Tell, me, Karennn -- ever have second
dialog: thoughts -- about us?
text: Karen SCREAMS, trying to force the revenant away from her, but it
text: lunges closer, lolling its distended tongue over her mouth in a
text: pathetic approximation of a French kiss.
text: She fumbles behind her, choking, grabbing hold of a human femur,
text: blindly swinging it upward --
text: CRACK! The blow shatters the Curtis-thing's jaw. It rears back,
text: falling to the side.
text: Karen crawls out from under its weight, swinging the femur again and
dialog: again --
text: CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! Karen pummels the howling horror, driving it
text: back until the femur actually splinters in half. The creature's head
text: hangs at an awkward angle now, its neck broken -- but still it
text: advances, dragging itself back up.
text: Sobbing, Karen retreats, clutching the splintered femur like a
text: makeshift dagger.
text: Curtis charges at her, a blur of slashing claws. At the last moment,
text: Karen ducks, thrusting the bone dagger up into Curtis' chest --
text: Curtis impales himself, right through the heart. For one split-
text: second, his eyes widen in surprise --
text: -- and then he goes into a death-spasm, vomiting up a spray of
text: caustic vampire blood-bile, spattering Karen. She sinks to her knees,
text: GASPING, as the thing that used to be Curtis shrivels up, melting
text: away into burbling puddle.
text: After a beat, Karen rises and moves to the pit wall, running her
text: hands over the lichen-slick surface, searching for a way out. The
text: mortar between the brickwork is ancient, crumbling.
text: Karen looks to the ground, reaching for one of the splintered femurs.
text: She pounds it into the mortar between two bricks -- and it holds,
text: working as a makeshift piton.
text: Karen reaches for another broken femur, lodging it a foot above the
text: first. She hauls her body up now, suspending her weight from the two
text: makeshift pitons. Again, they hold.
text: Trembling from exertion, Karen pulls the right piton free, hanging
text: solely from her left hand now. Though her handhold is precarious, she
text: manages to swing the right hand up again, pounding that piton another
text: foot above the left.
text: In this slow, torturous manner, Karen begins to climb her way up out
dialog: of the pit.
scene_heading: INT. TEMPLE OF NIGHT - BLEEDING CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Blade hangs from his chains, head slack, eyes half-lidded and
text: lusterless. His skin has grown ashen as his life's blood has been
text: bled away.
text: Mercury appears before him, accompanied by Quinn. She bends in close
text: to kiss Blade lightly on the lips.
speaker_heading: MERCURY
dialog: It won't be long now, lover.
text: Quinn draws alongside her, hefting Blade's punching dagger. He places
text: it against Blade's throat, slowly applying pressure. At this point,
text: Blade's too weak to even resist.
speaker_heading: QUINN
dialog: We should finish him off.
speaker_heading: MERCURY
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: No. Deacon wants him turned.
text: Quinn releases Blade, disgusted.
speaker_heading: QUINN
dialog: Fucking waste, if you ask me.
text: As Mercury and Quinn exit, the CAMERA DROPS DOWN to the cistern
text: beneath Blade's feet. We follow the blood which has collected there
text: as it flows into a crude drain and --
scene_heading: INT. SANCTUARY - NIGHT
text: -- emerges from the ceiling of the sanctuary below. The stream of
text: blood is directed down the channels of a spiral column, where it
text: finally pools into a waiting chalice.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL
text: the sanctuary in full. A large circular chamber, the perimeter of
text: which is lined with recessed alcoves housing the remains of the
text: vampire ancients, set into the sanctuary walls like cells in a hive.
speaker_heading: DEACON FROST
text: stands in the center of the chamber, allowing Vanessa to clothe him
text: in ceremonial regalia -- gleaming, centuries-old armor. He pauses,
text: kissing her hungrily.
text: Having finished suiting up, he turns to face the vampires who have
dialog: been faithful to his cause -- Mercury, Quinn, a host of others. A
text: hush settles upon them. There's an excitement in the air, a sense
text: that something remarkable is about to happen.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Tonight is the night we've waited our
dialog: entire lives for. Tonight, the
text: blood-dimmed Tide is loosed upon the
dialog: world. Tonight, the Age of Man comes
text: to an end.
text: The vampires bellow out a CHORUS OF CHEERS, their voices resonating
text: off the stone walls like thunder.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TEMPLE OF NIGHT - BONE PIT - NIGHT
text: Karen's hands appear over the lip of the bone pit. She heaves herself
text: up, collapsing onto the floor --
text: -- but there's no time to rest. Even now she can hear the VAMPIRES
text: CHEERING. She drags herself to her feet, letting the voices guide
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANTECHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Karen slips around a corner, guarded, searching. She SEES Blade
text: strung up before her, seemingly lifeless.
text: Karen studies the chains which bind Blade, following them back to
text: their source at the winch. She releases the brake on the winch crank,
text: sending the chains RATTLING down through the overhead pulleys which
dialog: suspend them.
text: Blade crumples to the floor, lying still. Karen is at his side in an
dialog: instant --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (whispering, urgent)
dialog: Blade.
text: Blade's eyes flicker open, fixing on her. Inhuman. He's shaking
text: like an alcoholic going into delirium tremens.
scene_heading: INT. TEMPLE SANCTUARY - NIGHT
text: Vanessa hands Frost the chalice containing Blade's blood. He lifts it
text: up for all to see. The vampires begin to chant en masse, some long-
text: forgotten invocation in the vampire tongue.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: (grinning, to himself)
dialog: "And what rough beast, its hour come
text: round at last, slouches towards
dialog: Bethlehem to be born?"
text: Frost lifts the chalice to his lips and begins to drink.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANTECHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Blade tries to sit up, gripping Karen's wrist --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Get out of here --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I'm not leaving without you.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: You don't understand. The Thirst --
text: He clutches his stomach, experiencing phenomenal pain.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: -- tearing me -- apart.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I know. Take some of my blood.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: No --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: It's the only way. You know that.
dialog: We'll never get out of here alive if
dialog: you don't.
text: Blade suppresses a shudder. Simply keeping himself from attacking her
text: takes every ounce of his resolve.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: I can't -- I won't be able to stop --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Yes you will. The human side of you is
dialog: stronger. I know it is.
text: Karen matches Blade's gaze, steeling herself. The truth is, she's
text: terrified.
text: Blade stares back at her. At this moment, he wants what Karen is
text: offering more than anything he's ever desired. And so he rises --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TEMPLE OF NIGHT - SANCTUARY - NIGHT
text: Frost continues drinking down the blood, when suddenly, a force
text: seizes his body. He throws his head back, eyes rolling to white,
text: flinging the chalice aside.
text: And as the vampire incantation reaches a fevered pitch, we SEE the
text: stone tomb tablets off the vampire ancestors beginning to judder --
text: as if some force within were trying to break free --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANTECHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Karen turns her head to the side, baring her neck, offering herself
text: to Blade. Blade opens his mouth. His canines elongate. He lowers his
dialog: head --
text: -- and starts to feed. Karen involuntarily stiffens as Blade's teeth
dialog: puncture her skin and we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TEMPLE SANCTUARY - NIGHT
text: Frost shakes, possessed by an unseen force. A wind picks up from
text: nowhere, swirling about the chamber, accompanied by a strange
text: HUMMING.
text: Suddenly, one of the tombs BURSTS OPEN. A WRAITH-LIKE SPIRIT rushes
text: outward in a fountain of light, penetrating Frost's body.
text: Then ANOTHER TOMB SPLITS APART. Then ANOTHER, and ANOTHER -- until a
text: torrent of SPIRIT-WRAITHS are surging into Frost, buffeting him about
text: like a scarecrow in a cyclone.
text: Mercury, Vanessa, and the other vampires back away, apprehensive,
text: humbled by what they're witnessing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANTECHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Blade moans, sinking his teeth deeper. Karen's head rolls back. Her
text: eyes open -- glassy, unseeing -- as a wave of ecstasy overtakes her.
text: She shudders, her breath quickening, falling into a synchronous
text: rhythm with Blade's. Her fingers dig deep into his back, clawing
text: downward, tearing into him --
text: She's not Karen anymore -- she's a red blood cell, an erythrocyte,
text: spinning in a river of plasma, roaring up Blade's femoral artery,
text: racing towards the pumping chambers of his heart which beats like the
text: deafening breath of God, which blots all other sounds out of
dialog: existence and we're --
text: CUTTING BACK AND FORTH NOW
text: between Frost's transformation and Blade's, each of them growing
text: stronger by the second, caught in an ever-increasing feedback loop of
dialog: expanding energy until --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: NO!!!!
text: Blade tears himself from Karen, his pulse racing as --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TEMPLE SANCTUARY - NIGHT
text: -- the invocation of LaMagra reaches critical mass. Frost is consumed
text: by a hellish force, unable to withstand the onslaught of spirit
dialog: energy any longer.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ANTECHAMBER - NIGHT
text: -- Karen clawing at Blade, tears streaming down her cheeks.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Don't stop --
text: But Blade grips her by her shoulders, shoving her back. Karen stares
text: at Blade, wide-eyed, as if waking from a trance. She touches the raw
text: wounds on her neck, shaken --
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: My God --
text: Blade rises to his full height. His strength has more than returned,
text: it's been doubled by the infusion of real blood. And there's
text: something else in his gaze now too -- an animal fury that was missing
text: before. Blade has taken one giant step closer to the darkness.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: Are you -- all right?
text: Blade pulls at the chains manacled to his wrists, SNAPPING them apart
text: like toys. He flexes his hands -- fingernails lengthening to tapered
text: points. And he smiles, offering us a view of his canines, which have
text: elongated into fangs.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: (near-demonic)
dialog: Never been better.
scene_heading: INT. TEMPLE SANCTUARY - NIGHT
text: The aftermath. Smoke hangs heavy in the air, occluding the area where
text: Frost had stood. As it dissipates, Mercury and the others creep
dialog: forward, apprehensive --
speaker_heading: MERCURY
dialog: Deacon?
speaker_heading: FROST
text: stands with his back to us, his body trailing wisps of occult fumes.
text: As he slowly turns, we catch a glimpse of his eyes -- burning with an
dialog: awesome, inner fire.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: No longer.
speaker_heading: BLADE (O.S.)
dialog: Frost!!!
dialog: All heads turn --
speaker_heading: BLADE
text: stands at the balcony overhead, Karen at his side. He leaps from it,
text: somersaulting down to the floor below, landing on his feet like a
dialog: predatory cat.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Who dies first?
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: (growling, to the others)
dialog: Take him.
text: Quinn GROWLS, stepping forward, armed with Blade's punching dagger.
text: He offers his second "new hand" up for view.
speaker_heading: QUINN
dialog: Grew another hand for you sweetmeat --
dialog: (tossing the dagger to his new hand)
dialog: -- and now I'm gonna kill you with it.
text: Quinn charges. Blade meets the vampire head-on, dropping into a low
text: kick and sweeping the vampire's legs out from under him. He spins
dialog: behind Quinn --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Let's see if you can grow a new one
dialog: of these!
text: Blade hooks a finger through the metal ring at the end of his jacket
text: sleeve, pulling out a retractable strangle-wire which he twists
text: around Quinn's throat.
text: Blade tightens the wire, decapitating Quinn. The headless body
text: staggers about, then drops to the cavern floor. Blade scoops up his
dialog: punching dagger --
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Next?
text: Mercury and the other faithful vampires charge en masse. Blade
text: launches a spinning wheel kick into the first vamp's face, SNAPPING
dialog: its neck --
text: Mercury has Blade's .454 Casulls. She aims them at him --
speaker_heading: MERCURY
dialog: Have a taste of your own medicine!
text: As she FIRES, Blade tucks and rolls, knocking one of the guns from
text: her hand. The guns spins across the floor, where it's scooped up
dialog: by --
speaker_heading: KAREN,
text: who takes aim at an approaching vamp, BLOWING it away.
text: Meanwhile, Blade traps Mercury's other hand, disarming her, flipping
text: her over his shoulder. He hefts his Casull, BLASTING her into
dialog: eternity --
text: A bloodbath ensues. Blade moves like speed-personified, FIRING off
text: one, two, THREE HEADSHOTS with brain-numbing accuracy, cutting down
text: the vampires where they stand.
text: It's an orgy of gunpowder smoke and showering bodily fluids and
text: -CLICK-CA-CHING-CLICK!- Blade and Karen have spent their bullets
dialog: and --
speaker_heading: FROST (O.S.)
dialog: Enough!!!
text: Blade turns to face --
speaker_heading: FROST,
text: who's advancing, clutching Blade's own sword in his hand. He thrusts
dialog: the sword forward --
text: Blade presses the grip-trigger on his punching dagger -CHING!- the
text: two side blades spread out. We hear the RASP and CLANG of metal on
text: metal as Blade manages to trap the sword-point between two of the
dialog: dagger blades --
text: For a moment, both men are eye to eye, their weapons locked together,
text: then, Frost forces Blade backwards --
text: What happens next is the most blindingly-fast sword fight ever
text: exposed to celluloid. Both men, fueled by super-human speed, lunge
text: and spin across the cavern floor in a blurred ballet of lethal moves.
text: Frost lands a powerful blow on Blade's shoulder, the sword-edge
text: biting deep into the flesh. Blade SCREAMS. Frost withdraws the sword
dialog: for another strike --
text: -- until Blade sees an opening and takes it, slicing Frost's left arm
text: off at the shoulder --
text: The severed arm releases Blade's sword, but the arm doesn't fall! To
text: Frost and Blade's mutual surprise the arm floats in mid-air, bleeding
text: red, quivering like zero-G liquid, then SLURPING back to Frost's arm-
dialog: stump to re-attach itself!
text: Undaunted, Blade slices the punching dagger into Frost's mid-section,
text: meeting only liquid-like resistance. The moment Blade withdraws his
text: dagger, Frost's flesh seals itself up again.
text: Blade hesitates now, uncertain -- and Frost laughs, understanding
dialog: what has happened.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: You're too late, Blade. I'm already
dialog: changing. Don't you see? The Sleeper
dialog: has awakened. I'm not just Frost
dialog: anymore. I'm becoming a god now,
text: blood incarnate.
text: Even as Frost utters the words, his body begins to ripple and morph,
text: bleeding red, taking on the characteristics of liquid. He doesn't
text: walk so much now as flow. He's become a three-dimensional creature of
text: animated blood! A blood demon.
speaker_heading: ON KAREN,
text: as she watches Frost's transformation, wide-eyed. She SEES Blade's
text: discarded sword, reaches for it -- suddenly, a SHADOW moves on the
dialog: periphery of her vision --
speaker_heading: VANESSA
text: rushes at Karen in a near-blur. The SNARLING hellion is upon Karen in
text: an eye-blink, SLAMMING her down against the temple floor, pinning
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: VANESSA
dialog: Did you think I'd forgotten you, you
dialog: little whore?
dialog: BACK TO FROST,
text: who towers above Blade, swaying back and forth in his new, liquid-
dialog: like form.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: You can't hurt me anymore.
text: WHOOSH! Frost rises upwards on a spiraling column of blood, HOWLING
text: WITH LAUGHTER, then just as suddenly --
text: -- splashes back to earth, spreading out in a widening pool. In the
text: blink of an eye, he streams through Blade's feet, re-solidifying
text: behind Blade. Blade spins, swings his dagger --
text: Once again, Frost morphs into blood-form. He races around Blade in a
text: series of spouting arcs, turning from blood-form to solid and back
text: again in a series of split-second transformations.
text: Blade whirls, striking with his dagger and missing every time --
text: WHOOSH! Frost suddenly dissipates, SPLASHING away into a million
text: zero-G blood bubbles, vanishing. Blade spins, unnerved, trying to
text: pin-point his foe's next manifestation.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Where are you?!
text: Frost's voice answers from all directions.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: Everywhere.
text: A DROPLET OF BLOOD
text: spatters the floor at Blade's feet. Blade looks up --
text: A SHOWER OF BLOOD
text: rains from above, coalescing into Frost as he sweeps down on Blade
text: like a giant bird of prey, crushing him against the temple floor.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: You want my blood so much?! Take it!
text: Frost's arms elongate and liquefy, flowing into two snake-like spouts
text: of blood -- the rest of Frost remains solid. The blood-spouts twist
text: around Blade's neck, melding together, completely encasing Blade's
text: head in a bubble of blood.
text: Blade claws at the blood-bubble as if it were a solid object that he
text: could dislodge, but his fingers just pass through it!
text: BACK TO VANESSA
text: as she wraps a hand around Karen's throat, choking her.
text: As Karen struggles, she frees a hand, sliding it down to her hip
text: pocket, digging something out -- Whistler's vampire mace canister!
text: She forces it up between them, triggering a jet of TOXIC MIST into
dialog: Vanessa's face --
text: Vanessa recoils, HOWLING, her head smoking as if it were doused with
text: formic acid, skin sloughing off from her skull. Karen lunges for
dialog: Blade's sword --
text: BACK TO FROST AND BLADE
text: Blade is drowning in Frost's blood. His eyes bulge. Oxygen bubbles
text: stream from his mouth. Frost leans in close, his face a twisted mask
dialog: of insanity.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: I was wrong about you, Blade. You were
dialog: never one of us. You're a traitor to
dialog: your race.
speaker_heading: KAREN (O.S.)
dialog: Get away from him!
text: Frost looks up -- Karen is wielding Blade's sword. She brings it down
text: on Frost, severing the blood-tendrils which envelope Blade. The
text: blood-bubble dissolves instantly, flowing away from Blade's face. He
text: gasps, chokes in air --
text: Frost backs away, horrified. His blood-tendrils don't reform.
text: Instead, the lay where they fell, solidifying into crystalline
dialog: powder.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: Blade!
text: Karen flings the sword at Blade.
speaker_heading: THE SWORD
text: spins end over end, its mirrored surface reflecting coruscating
text: pinwheels of candlelight as Blade catches the weapon by its hilt.
text: Blade rises, advancing on Frost, sword outstretched and Frost
text: retreats, uncertain now.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: Guess you're not quite as invulnerable
dialog: as you thought.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: You're wrong -- a few minutes more, and
dialog: my transition will be complete. Even
dialog: your sword won't be able to affect me
dialog: then.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: You don't have a few minutes, Frost.
text: Frost eyes Blade warily, then lunges towards Vanessa, sweeping behind
text: her. Blade follows, but even as he raises his sword to strike, Frost
text: spins Vanessa around, using her body as a shield!
text: Blade hesitates, stopping the sword in mid-strike, catching his
text: mother's gaze -- her face is monstrous now, scarred by Karen's
dialog: poisonous mace. Piteous, really.
text: Frost smiles, for he's found a final weakness of Blade's to exploit.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: (laughing cruelly)
text: Just as I thought. Still chained to
dialog: your mother's breast after all these
dialog: years.
text: In the same instant, Vanessa's features morph, taking on the angelic,
text: youthful vibrancy she possessed in the locket photo.
speaker_heading: FROST
dialog: (gloating)
dialog: You're too human, Blade.
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: (steeling himself)
dialog: It's because I'm human that I can do
dialog: this.
text: Frost's eyes widen in shock, but he has no time to react, for --
text: Blade is already LUNGING forward, driving the sword-point through
text: Vanessa's chest, on into Frost's heart! It strikes the stone behind
dialog: them, SHATTERING and --
text: Frost and Vanessa HOWL AS ONE, their SCREAMS rising to an unendurable
text: intensity as the two vampires go nova, exploding into an expanding
text: ball of light and ATOMIZING BLOOD.
text: Blade is thrown back off his feet, having to shield his eyes from the
text: backlash of occult energy as a near tidal WAVE of blood surges over
dialog: him --
scene_heading: EXT. BANK OF EREBUS - CITY STREET - NIGHT
text: Every door and window of the bank is BLOWN OUTWARD from the force of
text: the EXPLOSION. While along the street, manhole covers flip from their
text: moorings, spinning up into the air like dimes, being buoyed by
text: geysers of blood.
scene_heading: INT. TEMPLE SANCTUARY - NIGHT
text: Silence, just the steady DRIP-DRIP of liquid draining. The underworld
text: temple gleams with a crimson sheen now.
speaker_heading: ON BLADE
text: as he stirs. He's been blown clear across the sanctuary by the force
text: of the blast, soaked to the quick by blood. He rises to his feet,
text: retrieving the hilt of his shattered weapon. At his feet --
speaker_heading: THE SWORDBLADE
text: lies in pieces. Amidst them, we find the singed remains of the locket
text: -- Vanessa's face barely recognizable beneath the grime. Blade stoops
dialog: to pick it up.
speaker_heading: KAREN (O.S.)
dialog: Blade?
text: Blade turns. Karen moves to him, searching his eyes. Which side of
dialog: Blade's soul has won out? Human or vampire?
text: Then she SEES the tears rimming Blade's eyes, the first he's shed in
dialog: a lifetime. Human.
text: They embrace, holding each other that way for a long, long time. And
dialog: we --
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP, BANK OF EREBUS - DAWN
text: Blade and Karen stand on the rooftop, watching as dawn slowly creeps
text: across the silent city.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: I never imagined I'd be so happy to
dialog: see the sun rise --
dialog: (turning to him)
dialog: It's over, isn't it?
speaker_heading: BLADE
dialog: For them. But for me --
text: He lifts his face towards the rising sun, letting its warmth wash
text: over his upturned face.
speaker_heading: BLADE
text: I feel like it's finally beginning.
text: And on that note we leave them -- TWO FIGURES, silhouetted against
dialog: the new day.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
