dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BLADE RUNNER
dialog: Screenplay by
speaker_heading: HAMPTON FANCHER
dialog: July 24, 1980 Brighton Productions Inc.
text: 1420 No. Beachwood Drive
dialog: Hollywood, Calif. 90028
scene_heading: ****************
scene_heading: INT. TYRELL CORPORATION LOCKER ROOM - DAY 1
speaker_heading: THE EYE 2
text: It's magnified and deeply revealed. Flecks of green
text: and yellow in a field of milky blue. Icy filaments
text: surround the undulating center.
text: The eye is brown in a tiny screen. On the metallic
text: surface below, the words VOIGHT-KAMPFF are finely
text: etched. There's a touch-light panel across the top
text: and on the side of the screen, a dial that registers
text: fluctuations of the iris.
text: The instrument is no bigger than a music box and sits
text: on a table between two men. The man talking is big,
text: looks like an over-stuffed kid. "LEON" it says on
text: his breast pocket. He's dressed in a warehouseman's
text: uniform and his pudgy hands are folded expectantly in
text: his lap. Despite the obvious heat, he looks very cool.
text: The man facing him is lean, hollow cheeked and dressed
text: in gray. Detached and efficient, he looks like a cop
dialog: or an accountant. His name is HOLDEN and he's all
text: business, except for the sweat on his face.
text: The room is large and humid. Rows of salvaged junk
text: are stacked neatly against the walls. Two large fans
text: whir above their heads.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Okay if I talk?
text: Holden doesn't answer. He's centering Leon's eye on
dialog: the machine.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I kinda get nervous when I
dialog: take tests.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Don't move.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Sorry.
text: He tries not to move but finally his lips can't help
text: a sheepish smile.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Already had I.Q. test this year --
dialog: but I don't think I never had a...
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: (cutting in)
dialog: Reaction time is a factor in this,
dialog: so please pay attention. Answer
dialog: quickly as you can.
text: Leon compresses his lips and nods his big head eagerly.
text: Holden's voice is cold, geared to intimidate and evoke
dialog: response.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: You're in a desert, walking along
text: in the sand when all of a sudden
dialog: you look down and see a...
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: What one?
text: It was a timid interruption, hardly audible.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: What desert?
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Doesn't make any difference what
dialog: desert -- it's completely
dialog: hypothetical.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: But how come I'd be there?
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Maybe you're fed up, maybe you
dialog: want to be by yourself -- who
dialog: knows. So you look down and
text: see a tortoise. It's crawling
dialog: towards you...
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: A tortoise. What's that?
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Know what a turtle is?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Same thing.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I never seen a turtle.
text: He sees Holden's patience is wearing thin.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: But I understand what you mean.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: You reach down and flip the
text: tortoise over on its back, Leon.
text: Keeping an eye on his subject, Holden notes the dials
text: in the Voight-Kampff. One of the needles quivers
dialog: slightly.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: You make these questions, Mr.
dialog: Holden, or they write 'em down
dialog: for you?
text: Disregarding the question, Holden continues, picking
dialog: up the pace.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
text: The tortoise lays on its back,
text: its belly baking in the hot sun,
text: beating its legs trying to turn
text: itself over. But it can't. Not
dialog: without your help. But you're
dialog: not helping.
text: Leon's upper lip is quivering.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Whatcha mean, I'm not helping?
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: I mean you're not helping!
dialog: Why is that, Leon?
text: Leon looks shocked, surprised. But the needles in
text: the computer barely move. Holden goes for the inside
text: of his coat. But big Leon is faster. His LASER BURNS
text: a hole the size of a nickel through Holden's stomach.
text: Unlike a bullet, a laser causes no impact. It goes
text: through Holden's spine and comes out his back, clean
text: as a whistle. Like a rag doll he falls back off the
text: bench from the waist up. By the time he hits the
text: floor, big slow Leon is already walking away. But he
text: stops, turns and with a little smile of satisfaction,
text: FIRES at the machine on the table.
text: There's a flash and a puff of smoke. The Voight-Kampff
text: is hit dead center, crippled but not destroyed; as
text: Leon walks out of the room, one of its lights begins
text: to blink, faint but steady.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT - NIGHT 3
text: The horizon marked by a thin copper line that maybe
text: the end, of the beginning of a day.
text: The train that follows, cuts through the night at 400
dialog: miles an hour.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - NIGHT 4
text: No clickitty-clack of track-bound noise, it's a long,
text: insulated Pullman of contoured seats and low-keyed
text: lighting, coloured to soothe,and empty, except for
text: the passenger half way down.
text: His eyes closed, head rested against the glass. Ten
dialog: years ago, DECKARD might have been an athlete, a
text: track man or a welter-weight. The body looks it, but
text: the face has seen some time -- not all of it good.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - REFRESHMENT DISPENSER - NIGHT 5
text: Deckard comes down the aisle, slips a coin into the
text: mechanism, receives a beer and returns to his seat.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - NIGHT 6
text: Tired of the program, he takes off the headset and
text: drops it next to three empty beer bottles and a
text: sandwich wrapper, adjusts his position and winds up
text: staring at his reflection in the window. Runs a
text: hand over his face, it could use a shave. He leans
text: closer and peers through the glass.
text: Out there in the black a sign flashes past: SAN
scene_heading: ANGELES, THREE MINUTES.
scene_heading: EXT. PLATFORM - NIGHT 7
text: The train slides in, smooth as an eel, and stops with-
text: out a sound. Carrying a bag and umbrella, Deckard
text: disembarks ahead of the other passengers and into the
text: sweltering night.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT 8
text: Deckard has got his coat swung over his shoulder, his
text: shirt already damp, as he walks down the long, hollow
text: passage under orbs of yellow light.
scene_heading: EXT. TERMINAL - NIGHT 9
text: Deckard unlocks his car and gets in. Turns the ig-
text: nition and hits a sensor. The dash console glows
text: and Deckard sits back waiting for the air unit to cool
dialog: things off.
speaker_heading: DECKARD (V.O.)
dialog: It was 97 degrees in the city and
dialog: no hope of improvement. Not bad
dialog: if you're a lizard. But two hours
dialog: earlier I was drinking Acquavit
dialog: with an Eskimo lady in North East
dialog: Alaska. That's a tough change to
dialog: make. It was so good, I didn't
dialog: want to leave, so I left a day
dialog: early.
text: A little detached, Deckard taps another sensor on the
text: panel, lights up a cigarette and watches as his mes-
text: sages flash across the viewer stating date, time and
text: caller. The last one is repeated five times. Deckard
text: sighs, switches off the viewer and gets on the radio.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Contact. This is Blade Runner One
dialog: calling Com-fast 27.
text: The SOUND OF A CHIME precedes the mechanical female
text: voice that answers.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Blade Runner One, stand by please.
text: A pause. Followed by a husky male voice.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Deckard.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Yah, Gaff.
speaker_heading: GAFF (VOICE)
dialog: Where the hell you been?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: You know where I been. I been on
dialog: vacation.
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: Next time you go on vacation,
dialog: do me a favor, let us know where
dialog: it is.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: What's up?
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: Holden got hit.
text: There is a pause. That was bad news.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Bad?
speaker_heading: GAFF
dialog: Severed spine. You'd better get
dialog: in here. Bryant's waiting for you.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I'll see you in a minute.
text: The ENGINE REVS, the wipers rake two weeks of dust off
text: the windshield and Deckard jams out of the lot.
scene_heading: INT. THE HALL OF JUSTICE - NIGHT 10
text: An enormous grey vault of a building. A businesslike
text: Deckard strides down a long corridor with his brief-
text: case and police ID pinned to his coat.
speaker_heading: DECKARD (V.O.)
text: I-X-4-P-D referred to as a Nexus-6,
dialog: The Tyrell Corporation's new pride
text: and joy. Holden was administering
dialog: the Voight-Kampff test when one
text: nailed him.
text: The door in front of Deckard slides open and he walks
dialog: through.
speaker_heading: DECKARD (V.O.)
dialog: The Nexus-6 must be fast because
dialog: Holden was as quick as they come.
dialog: The report said there were six of
text: them. Three males and three female.
text: Led by a combat model called Roy
dialog: Batty.
scene_heading: INT. INSPECTOR BRYANT'S OFFICE - NIGHT 11
text: The INSPECTOR is in his fifties. The deep creases in
text: his face, the broken capillaries in his nose say
text: brawler, spoiler, drinker, but the diplomas on the
text: wall say something else. Bryant's kneeled at his safe
text: trying to open it. Deckard it sitting on the edge of
text: the desk reading the print-out.
speaker_heading: DECKARD (V.O.)
dialog: They escaped from the colonies
dialog: two weeks ago. Killed twenty-
text: three people and jumped a shuttle.
dialog: An aerial patrol found the ship
text: in the desert. No crew.
text: Bryant gets the safe open and brings out a bottle of
dialog: whiskey.
speaker_heading: DECKARD (V.O.)
dialog: Bryant's got a liver problem. A
dialog: couple years back he handed me a
dialog: bottle and said have a drink for
dialog: another man. I been drinking
dialog: for him ever since.
text: Deckard sets down the report and takes the shot Bryant
text: just poured for him.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Six, huh?
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: Five. Three nights ago one of
dialog: them managed to break into the
dialog: Tyrell Corporation. Killed two
dialog: guards and got as far as the
dialog: Genetic Sector before he got
dialog: fried going through an electro-
dialog: field.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: What was he after?
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: There wasn't much left of him,
dialog: so we can't be sure. But bio-
dialog: chemical data and morphology records
dialog: of the Nexus-6 were reported
dialog: missing. Going on the possibility
dialog: they might try to infiltrate we
dialog: send Holden in to run Voight-Kampff
text: tests on the new employees. Guess
dialog: he found himself one.
text: A grim pause.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: You got a machine on it yet?
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: We're using Esper -- a 231 -- that
text: picked up Holden's alarm. Its
dialog: guess is that all five are in
dialog: the city.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Where do we start?
text: Bryant's back at the safe locking up his bottle.
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: The Tyrell Corporation has a
dialog: demo model. Check it out on the
dialog: Voight-Kampff. There's a chance
dialog: the Nexus-6 is beyond out ability
dialog: to detect. If that's the case,
dialog: everybody's up shit creek.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: What was the cover on the one that
dialog: got Holden?
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: Industrial refuse.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Garbage man?
text: Bryant nods.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Did personnel have an address on
dialog: him?
text: Bryant fishes a piece of paper out of his pocket,
text: copies down a number and hands it over.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I'll go take a look.
text: Deckard stands and holds up his drink.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Thanks.
text: Like a sick boy looking out of the window, Bryant
text: watches Deckard down the whiskey. Deckard puts down
text: the glass and turns to leave.
speaker_heading: DECKARD (V.O.)
dialog: The big incentive to emigrate was
dialog: still free labor. If the public
dialog: found out that their door-prizes
dialog: might kill them, they might not be
dialog: so hot to go up there. This was
dialog: one of the worst one's we had and
dialog: Bryant was worried. He wanted to
dialog: tell me to be discrete or something.
dialog: But I didn't give him a chance.
scene_heading: EXT. LEON'S HOTEL ENTRANCE - NIGHT 12
text: An electrical storm is brewing. Deckard stands out-
text: side the entrance to an old hotel holding an umbrella,
text: as people scuttle into doorways to avoid the sudden
dialog: downpour.
scene_heading: INT. LEON'S HOTEL LOBBY - NIGHT 13
text: A heavy metal maze of cubicles and perilous iron
text: balconies, peopled with rejects from the surface world;
text: Mato Grosso Indians in white man's clothes and other
dialog: lower echelon welfare recipients. Drop city is crowded,
text: cramped and darkly alive.
text: Deckard steps out of an elevator and moves through the
text: crowd. A cloud of steam drifts up through a grating
text: as two old men, clad in towels descend a flight of
text: stairs under a neon sign that says bath house.
text: A musty subterranean wind ripples Deckard's clothes as
text: he turns into an alcove. He stops in front of a door
text: that says, MANAGER and pushes the buzzer. It's opened
text: by an emphysema victim with an oxygen tank lashed to
text: his hip. Deckard flashes his ID and speaks some words
text: which are inaudible due to the TUBA MUSIC down the hall.
text: The man grabs a key from his wall, hands it over and
text: shuts the door.
scene_heading: INT. LEON'S HOTEL CORRIDOR - NIGHT 14
text: The companion ways below deck of a big ship are no
text: more bewildering than the ups and downs and ins and
text: outs of this establishment. But Deckard finds the door
text: he's looking for. He pauses a moment, listens, then
text: knocks. He inserts the key and with a hand on his gun
text: opens it.
scene_heading: INT. LEON'S ROOM - NIGHT 15
text: An empty room. A cot and not much else. He steps in
text: and stands quiet as a hunter sensing the signs. For a
text: place surrounded by greasy hovels it is surprisingly
text: clean. Spartan in fact. The towel by the spotless
text: basin is perfectly folded.
text: Deckard runs two fingers over a shelf. No dust. He
text: looks in the waste basket. Wadded up candy wrappers.
text: The bed by the window is neatly made. Deckard looks
text: under it, then runs his hands along both sides of the
dialog: mattress.
text: The closet. There's one suit in it. He pats it down.
text: Nothing. A show box on the floor. He stoops, takes
text: out what looks like a pen from his pocket and care-
text: fully traces it over the box. Assured of its harm-
text: lessness, he lifts off the lid.
text: It contains a little stack of photos bound with a
text: rubber band. Deckard removes them, goes to the lamp
text: by the balcony window and turns it on.
text: A touching collection of family snapshots. The kind of
text: anonymous stuff sold by the bunch in dusty junk shops.
text: The family dog. Junior on the pony squinting in the
text: sun. Uncle Ben clowning with the kids. The faded
text: polaroid of Christmas morning. Simple pictures of
text: simple folks celebrating the family bond. A curious
dialog: collection for the likes of Leon and Deckard studies
text: them with interest.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET BELOW - NIGHT 16
text: Oblivious to the cloudburst, a blue-eyed albino stands
text: in the doorway, peddling candy and artificial flowers
text: looking like he'd never been touched by the light of
dialog: day.
text: Leon is standing behind him, staring up at his room,
text: watching Deckard at the window. He's still wearing
text: his coveralls, but he looks different. His face is
text: more intent, smarter and angry.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET BELOW - NIGHT 17
text: For one seething moment it looks like Leon might mash
text: something, but suddenly he swings away and disappears
text: into the crowd.
scene_heading: INT. LEON'S ROOM - NIGHT 18
text: Deckard pockets the pictures and moves away from the
dialog: window.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT 19
text: Leon's got a neck like a fire hydrant and legs to
text: match, but he's a graceful runner. Looks like he could
dialog: do it for days. And he could. He's put a lot of alley
text: behind him and he's not out of breath.
scene_heading: EXT. CHINATOWN - NIGHT 20
text: Slowing down he cuts into an opening and comes out onto
text: a narrow street. The Asian Quarter.
scene_heading: INT. CHOP SUEY HOUSE - NIGHT 21
text: A seamy as well as steamy little place. Counter and
text: small tables. Old slant-eyed enders humped over their
text: fuming bowls jabbering and slurping.
text: The only voice coming out clear is from the big three-
text: D TV on the back wall. As the mellow-mouthed TV
text: announcer delivers the message, a Latin-looking beauty
text: in a well-fitted maids uniform does a twirl, flashes
text: a beguiling smile and glides OUT OF FRAME.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER'S VOICE
dialog: Choose from a variety of seventy
dialog: nine different personality types.
dialog: Each and every one a loyal trouble-
dialog: free companion given to you upon
dialog: your arrival absolutely free...
text: The Latin beauty is replaced by an impeccable Ray
text: Bolger type gentleman's gentleman who clicks his heels,
text: snaps to attention and struts off to make room for the
dialog: next.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER'S VOICE
dialog: To use as personal body servant
dialog: to tireless field hand -- the
text: custom tailored humanoid robot,
dialog: designed especially for your
dialog: needs.
text: The Chinese are paying no attention, but the man and
text: the woman seated at the table by the window are.
text: The woman is pretty, a touch of gray in her hair, kind
text: and blue-eyed. MARY looks like an American dream mom,
dialog: right out of "Father Knows Best."
text: The man also resembles a tradition: the gym instructor,
text: short cropped hair with the body of a drill sergeant,
text: but the eyes are grey and chilling. ROY BATTY is a
text: presence of force with a lazy, but acute sense of what
text: goes on around him.
text: Leon has just come through the door behind them. Try-
text: ing not to be the bull in a china shop, he approaches
text: their table and kneels . Batty doesn't bother to look
text: at him, which amplifies the note of sarcasm in his
text: quiet voice.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Did you get your precious 'things'?
speaker_heading: LEON
text: Somebody was already there.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Police.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Just a man.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Police man.
text: Leon looks sullen.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Why don't you have a seat.
text: There's one next to him. Leon pulls it over and sits.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Enjoy the view.
text: From the pot on the table, Mary pours tea and they sit
text: so quiet and still in this noisy place that they seem
text: almost invisible. The view they're "enjoying" is
text: through the window. Outside the neon side in the win-
text: dow directly across the street says: HANNIBAL CHEW,
speaker_heading: MEMBERS.
scene_heading: INT. HANNIBAL CHEW'S SHOP - NIGHT 22
text: Chew is a spindly old man of precision, his veiled
text: eyes are shrewd and Chinese, but the rest of him
text: looks like a Charles Dickens invention.
text: He's got a jewelers' glass stuck in his eye, lurched
text: over a lamp, squinting at something in his hand. After
text: a moment his lips peal back into a sour, belligerent
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: CHEW
dialog: Well, you're right. This little
text: honey has a couple of defective cones.
text: He snaps off the lamp and swings round to face his
dialog: client.
text: SEBASTIAN'S face is almost young, but something has
text: gone too far, too fast. Premature old age has made
text: his bones brittle and his co-ordination slow. The
dialog: house may be dark but there's a light on in it. Se-
dialog: bastian is a closet genius.
speaker_heading: CHEW
dialog: You're a regular perfectionist,
dialog: Sebastian.
text: Sebastian's apologetic, especially around the acerbic
dialog: Mr. Chew.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: It's gotta be right for my
dialog: customer.
speaker_heading: CHEW
dialog: Your customer, eh?
text: Chew snickers and beckons. Sebastian follows his down
text: a high narrow hall to a heavy insulated door. There's
text: a moth-eaten full length fur coat hanging by it. Chew
text: tugs it on and they go through. The big door slams
text: shut behind them.
scene_heading: INT. COLD STORAGE ROOM - NIGHT 23
text: Except for the work table with its sharp gleaming in-
text: struments, the room is as barren and sterile as a
text: morgue. The glass-doored compartments in the walls
text: look like crypts. Some of them small as post office
text: boxes. From one of the Chew removes a vacuum, packed
text: box. Carefully separating the seal, he reaches into
text: the purple jell and with a pair of tweezers extracts
text: an eye.
text: Through the jeweler's glass, which he has not bothered
text: to remove, Chew holds the eye up to the light and
text: studies it a moment. His other hand searches through
text: his pockets.
speaker_heading: CHEW
dialog: You got a pocket-charger, boy?
text: Quick to accommodate, Sebastian removes a pencil-like
text: device from a row of such things in his breast pocket
text: and steps closer. The back of the eye is touched with
text: the pencil and the pupil moves. Suddenly its staring
text: back at them.
speaker_heading: CHEW
dialog: Is that good enough for your
dialog: customer?
text: Anxious to leave, Sebastian nods. Chew reseals the
text: eye taking his time. He can afford to, he's wearing
text: his coat.
speaker_heading: CHEW
dialog: How much is he paying you?
text: In place of an answer, Sebastian clears his throat,
text: stares at the bag like he didn't hear.
speaker_heading: CHEW
dialog: Well, when do you get paid?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Soon as I finish the job.
speaker_heading: CHEW
dialog: When might that be?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
text: Day after tomorrow.
speaker_heading: CHEW
dialog: Oh! Day after tomorrow.
text: Sebastian nods. Chew stares at the poor bastard, con-
text: cerned in spite of himself.
speaker_heading: CHEW
dialog: The rich hate to pay, Sebastian.
dialog: A guy like Tyrell keeps you waiting.
dialog: Pay the little guy last. You should
dialog: charge twice as much. It'll make
dialog: him feel better.
text: Sebastian nods his head like that's exactly what he'll
text: do. Chew sees it's hopeless and hands him the bag.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Thanks, Mr. Chew.
text: Chew pulls the door open for him and Sebastian goes
text: through quick as a dog.
scene_heading: EXT. HANNIBAL CHEW'S STORE - STREET - NIGHT 24
dialog: Sebastian may lack co-ordination but he got what he
dialog: came for and there's a hopeful spring to his walk as
text: he heads for his truck.
scene_heading: INT. SEBASTIAN'S AMBULANCE - NIGHT 25
text: It's an old panel job with ambulance siren and lights.
scene_heading: The lettering on the side reads "J.R. SEBASTIAN -
text: ANIMOID EXPRESS." Sebastian gets in, starts up the
text: engine and suddenly realizes he's not alone. It's a
text: jolt that causes him to yelp.
text: PRIS is sprawled on the seat next to him, and wakes up
text: with a yelp of her own. They stare at one another for
text: a startled instant, and she jumps out and starts walk-
dialog: ing.
text: But she's forgotten her little beat-up overnight case.
text: Sebastian puts the truck in gear, drives next to her
text: and opens the door.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Hey! You forgot your...
text: He holds up the bag. Hesitantly she reaches for it.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: How come you were in my truck?
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: I was tired and didn't have any
dialog: place to go.
text: She stares at him, hand on her case, looking lost.
text: Sebastian isn't good at this, but he tries.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You can get back in if you want...
text: She can't make up her mind.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Don't worry, I won't hurt you.
text: She gets in. Both of them are silent. People are not
dialog: Sebastian's medium -- usually he's too shy, but this
dialog: girl is shyer still, plus they're about the same age --
dialog: it gives him courage.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: Pris.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Mine's J.F. Sebastian.
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: Hi.
text: So pleased with the way that went, he forgets for a
text: while what comes next.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Oh! Where do you want to go?
text: She shrugs. That leaves him a lot of responsibility.
text: He throws her side-long glances, but she's not helping.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You want to go home?
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: I don't have one.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Oh.
dialog: What do you do with a teenage beauty who looks like
dialog: she's lost out of some "Welcome to Sunny Arizona"
dialog: poster?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Where are your folks?
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: They left.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: What about friends?
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: I have some, but I have to find
text: out where they are staying.
text: She leans forward and rests her elbows on the dash.
dialog: Her body would win prizes, from any angle.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Well, where should I take you?
text: She looks at him,a shadow of enticement in her clear
text: blue eyes.
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: We scared each other pretty good
dialog: didn't we?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: We sure did.
text: She giggles and laughs.
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: I'm hungry, J.F.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I've got stuff. If you wanna go
dialog: to my place?
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: I was hoping you'd say that.
text: Sebastian's face is normally on the grey side, but it
text: just turned red. He turns on the ignition and they
text: pull away from the curb.
scene_heading: INT. DECKARD'S CAR - FREEWAY - NIGHT 26
text: Speeding along the freeway. The terminal in the com-
text: munications console lit. Deckard's right hand just
text: finished a punch-up. The screen flashes back.
speaker_heading: REQUEST
text: Deckard punches up. Letters flash across the screen:
speaker_heading: ESPER
text: Screen flashes back:
speaker_heading: CLEARANCE
text: Deckard punches up.
scene_heading: BLADE RUNNER ONE CODE ML-33
dialog: Pause.
dialog: Screen flashes:
scene_heading: STAND BY.
text: Deckard's voice has been heard over the preceding.
speaker_heading: DECKARD (V.O.)
dialog: Machines can be helpful sometimes,
dialog: but they can also be a pain in the
dialog: ass. Ask for a trace on a forger
dialog: and you might wind up at a steel-
dialog: mill. I don't mind a bum-steer once
dialog: in a while -- it's their personalities
dialog: that usually get me. Somebody once
dialog: said that man makes machines in his own
dialog: image. If that's true, whoever made
dialog: Esper should have been shot.
speaker_heading: ESPER
dialog: This is Esper and I'm ready. Go
dialog: ahead please.
text: Esper's deep melodious voice is anxious to please, and
text: oiled with a touch of self-pity.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: You equipped for random questions?
speaker_heading: ESPER
dialog: Why, yes, of course.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: You start.
speaker_heading: ESPER
dialog: The five in question are third
dialog: generation Nexus Sixes, constructed
dialog: of skin-flesh culture, selected
dialog: enogenic transfer conversion
dialog: capable of self-perpetuating
dialog: thought, para-physical abilities
dialog: and developed for emigration
dialog: program. Are you with me?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: How do I stop one?
speaker_heading: ESPER
dialog: Unlike a five, they can sustain
dialog: massive traumas to several parts
dialog: of the body without debilitating
dialog: another. Sever a leg and it will
dialog: perform quicker on the remaining leg
dialog: than the fastest man can run,
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Okay, but...
speaker_heading: ESPER
dialog: I'm coming to that. Vulnerable
text: zone is the base of the skull,
text: the occipital bone. A direct hit
text: is a positive retirement.
text: The communication is interrupted by a BELL which is
text: immediately followed by a stern, MECHANICAL VOICE.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: You are in violation of traffic
dialog: ordinance M-139 statutory freeway
dialog: limit restricted by one-hundred
dialog: and eighty kilometers.
text: In his rear view mirror Deckard sees two black-clad
text: motorcycle cops coming up behind him like the hounds
text: of hell. They draw silently alongside. Deckard
text: presses his I.D. to the window.
text: The cop tosses a salute to Deckard and he and his
text: partner accelerate, vanish in the night. And Deckard's
dialog: car does too.
scene_heading: EXT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT 27
text: A district of silence and ruin. The street is strewn
text: with refuse. The building looks vacant. A ten storey
text: condo gone to shit. The vandals have come and gone
dialog: long ago.
text: Sebastian's little white ambulance parked at the curb.
text: MR. DEETCHUM, the old Watchman, sitting in the building
text: entry in a straight backed chair, is reading a comic
dialog: book.
scene_heading: INT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 28
text: Well stocked with items of survival, all labeled and
text: stacked. And shelved along the walls and hung from the
text: ceiling is a menagerie of animoids. Like so many broken
text: toys awaiting resurrection from Sebastian's wise hands.
dialog: 
text: Sebastian is seated at a large work-table, bent over a
text: stereo scope. The tool in his right hand is a sensor
text: probe and he's using it with the delicacy of an en-
dialog: graver.
text: The object of his concentration is a maze-like chip
text: configuration no bigger than a thumbnail, but magnified
text: under the scope, it looks like an aerial view of a
text: large city. The needle-like sensor probe moves care-
text: fully over the contours of the configuration, testing
dialog: the bonds.
text: Suddenly a blue flash erupts from one of the junctures.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Oh!
text: Pris is light on her feet. She's standing behind him
text: with a half-eaten sandwich in her hand.
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: Whatcha doin'?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You scared me.
text: But he's happy to see her.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I'm working.
text: She's changed her dress and made up her face. Looks a
text: little older and sexier.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You look... better.
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: Just better.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Beautiful.
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: Thanks.
text: He watches her as she prowls around the room, looking
text: at this and that, eating her sandwich.
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: And you live in this building all
dialog: by yourself?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Yeah, I live here pretty much
dialog: alone right now...
text: Trying to make light of it.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: No housing shortage around here...
dialog: plenty of room for everybody.
text: She sprawls on the couch studying him.
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: How old are you?
text: He can't meet her eyes.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Twenty.
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: What's your problem?
text: It's not an easy subject. His voice is barely audible.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Methuselah Syndrome.
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: My glands. They grow old too fast.
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: Is that why you're still here?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Yes. I couldn't pass the test.
text: There is a silence. He steals a glance at her.
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: I like you just the way you are.
text: Under the desk he bats his knees together.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Ah, you get hold of your friends?
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: As a matter of fact I did. They've
dialog: got some work to do tonight, but
dialog: they're gonna come tomorrow.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Good.
text: The implications catch up.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I can sleep on the couch.
text: A little gray mouse on the shelf above his head bobs
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: MOUSE
dialog: Don't let the bed bugs bite!
text: Taking their cue from the mouse, some of the more
text: talented animoids toot, flap and wheel about.
scene_heading: INT. DECKARD'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 29
text: It's dark except for the glow of the terminal. A tired
text: Deckard sits in front of it. Esper sounds like he's
dialog: been talking for hours.
speaker_heading: ESPER
dialog: Nexus designated Leon: incept
dialog: date April 10th, 2015 -- to be
dialog: used in military experiments to
dialog: determine how hyper metabolism
text: functions in deep space.
dialog: Nexus designated Batty incept
dialog: data April 10th, 2015, combat
dialog: model, level of self-sufficiency,
dialog: optimum.
text: A long pause.
speaker_heading: ESPER
dialog: Here's something you might find
dialog: interesting. They have been built
dialog: to emulate the human in every way
dialog: except in its emotional spectrum.
dialog: However, after a period of time
dialog: it is only logical that such a
dialog: 'mechanism' would create its own
dialog: emotional responses, hate, love,
dialog: fear, anger, envy.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I know all that.
speaker_heading: ESPER
dialog: What about a summary then.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I think we're through for the night.
text: Deckard starts to reach for the panel.
speaker_heading: ESPER
dialog: Mr. Deckard.
dialog: Hesitates.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: ESPER
dialog: Do you have something against
dialog: science?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Not if it works.
speaker_heading: ESPER
dialog: And what in your estimation works?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: The umbrella.
text: Deckard picks up the umbrella and with it stabs the
text: terminal off button before Esper can respond and the
text: machine goes dead. He sits there for a moment then
text: flips on the lamp. Leon's snap-shots are spread out
text: before him.
scene_heading: INT. SPINNER - DAY 30
text: A police marked spinner makes a sharp bank, drops into
text: a steep curve and slides towards the Tyrell Corporation.
speaker_heading: DECKARD (V.O.)
dialog: Every government that could was
dialog: racing to populate their colonial
dialog: territory. But emigrants needed
dialog: incentive. Over-population and
dialog: the greenhouse factor didn't seem
dialog: to be enough; but owning a human
dialog: look-a-like had lots of appeal.
dialog: It was big industry, the competition
dialog: was stiff and Tyrell was top of the
dialog: line.
scene_heading: EXT. TYRELL CORPORATION - DAY 31
text: The spinner gently touches down. The hatch drops open
text: and Deckard steps out.
speaker_heading: DECKARD (V.O.)
dialog: His claim to fame was making a
dialog: product more human than human and
dialog: sometimes the 'more' turned out to
dialog: be a problem. This wasn't just an
dialog: escaped andy who broke his owner's
dialog: arm -- there were twenty-eight
dialog: people dead and the pressure was
dialog: on.
scene_heading: INT. TYRELL CORPORATION - DAY 32
text: Deckard walks up to a desk, hands his I.D. to a guard
text: who checks it against a list on a screen.
speaker_heading: DECKARD (V.O.)
dialog: But so far they'd always managed
dialog: to keep it quiet. Not to say
dialog: that once in a while there wasn't
dialog: bad publicity. Some fanatic
dialog: bitching about equal rights for
dialog: andies or an occasional trade union
dialog: proclaiming it was aun-American for
dialog: automatons to take jobs away from
text: humans on the colony.
text: The guard hands Deckard back his I.D., pushed a button
text: and Deckard walks away.
speaker_heading: DECKARD (V.O.)
dialog: But what's more American than good
dialog: old supply and demand? The
dialog: Government needed them, industry
dialog: made them and the church backed
dialog: them. The big religious boys
dialog: said that Androids, no matter how
dialog: human, were objects; only God
dialog: could make people. I'm not religious,
dialog: but I was inclined to agree.
dialog: Otherwise I'd be out of a job.
text: The elevator door slides open. The young lady inside
text: would look right standing on a cliff, hair blowing in
text: the wind, looking out to sea in a 19th Century painting.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Hello, Mr. Deckard. My name is
dialog: Rachael.
text: Deckard tips his head to her and steps in.
scene_heading: INT. TYRELL CORPORATION ELEVATOR - DAY 33
dialog: No woman can be all things to all men, the Rachael comes
dialog: closer than most. The only trouble is she's all busi-
dialog: ness. Formidable without really trying. Some beauty
text: is better avoided and Deckard looks straight ahead.
scene_heading: INT. TYRELL CORPORATION CORRIDOR - DAY 33A
text: The door slides open and they continue down the corri-
dialog: dor.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: It seems your department doesn't
dialog: believe out new unit is to the
dialog: public benefit.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
text: A humanoid robot is like any other
dialog: machine, it can be a benefit or a
dialog: hazard. If it's a benefit, it's
dialog: not our problem.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: But because your department can't
dialog: do an adequate job in detecting
dialog: the miniscule number at large,
dialog: it's a problem. Correct, Mr.
dialog: Deckard?
scene_heading: INT. TYRELL CORPORATION - AIR-FILTERED CORRIDOR - DAY 33B
text: They pass into a canopied, air-filtered corridor.
text: Deckard doesn't answer the question because he's looking
text: at the animals. Small northern animals in neat "en-
text: vironmental" cages. He looks at the rabbit, the raccoon
text: and the squirrel, but the owl asleep on its perch stops
text: him. The armed guard at the exit never takes his eyes
dialog: off them.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: You like our owl?
text: Deckard nods. Rachael claps her hands. The owl opens
text: its yellow eyes and blinks at them.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: It's artificial?
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Of course not.
text: Hands thrust in her pockets, she strides off towards
text: the exit without looking back.
text: The exit is another tube. Just big enough for two. No
text: room for excess. He tries to ignore her cool appraising
dialog: stare.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: You're in a very unique position,
dialog: Mr. Deckard. You could affect the
dialog: future of this entire organization
dialog: according to how you work your
dialog: little test.
text: Deckard has nothing to say.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Are you apprehensive?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Why should I be?
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: For the responsibility of your
dialog: power. Being a police bureaucrat,
dialog: you've got more than your share.
text: The door slides open. Deckard looks down at her.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: You got it wrong, girl. I work
dialog: with the bureau not for them.
text: He lets it sink in.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: My job isn't to detect
dialog: malfunctioning andies, it's to
dialog: eliminate them. The more the
dialog: better.
text: He walks out of the elevator first.
scene_heading: INT. INNER SANCTUM OF DR. TYRELL - DAY 34
text: The office is dimly lit, but highlights of resilience
text: reside in the luster of the antique furnishings, like
text: glimmers of gold in a darkened mine. Dr. Tyrell is a
text: fragile man of power, with that look of "youth" obtained
text: from steroids and surgery. Dapper and trim, he leans
text: against the desk looking at an old fashioned pocket
text: watch. The only sound is the insidious PERKING of COFFEE
text: BREWING in the background.
text: Tyrell taps a sensor on his desk. The door in front of
text: Deckard and Rachael slides open. They enter a vestibule
text: and face another door, this one befitting the decor of
text: the office, Tyrell slips the watch into his pocket as
text: they enter.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
text: Mr. Deckard. Dr. Eldon Tyrell.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: How do you do, Mr. Deckard. Please
dialog: sit down. Would you care for a cup
dialog: of coffee?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Black?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Please.
text: Tyrell pours from an old time sylex into small china
text: cups and hands one to Deckard. The congenial light in
text: his eyes could almost pass for warmth -- dragon warmth.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Somehow, I didn't expect that the
dialog: man who did the dirty work would
dialog: be the man to do the technical
dialog: work. Here you are, Mr. Deckard.
text: He hands Deckard a cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Is this to be an empathy test?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Capillary dilation of the so-called
dialog: blush response? Plus fluctuation
dialog: of the pupil, plus involuntary
dialog: dilation of the iris?
text: Deckard nods.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: May I ask a personal question?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Go ahead.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Have you ever retired a human by
dialog: mistake?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: But in your profession that is a
dialog: risk.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Nothing is infallible, but so far
dialog: the Voight-Kampff scale bas been
dialog: foolproof.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Like you said, Mr. Deckard, a
dialog: machine can be a hazard. The
dialog: Voight-Kampff scale is a machine,
dialog: isn't it?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: One that relies on human
dialog: interpretation. Where's the
dialog: subject?
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Sitting next to you.
text: Deckard stares at Rachael, then back at Tyrell. Delighted,
text: Tyrell takes a cup of coffee.
text: Accepting the challenge, Deckard opens his briefcase and
text: starts fishing out the apparatus.
scene_heading: THE VOIGHT-KAMPFF 35
text: Rachael's eye fills the screen, the iris brilliant, shot
text: with light, the pupil contracting.
speaker_heading: DECKARD'S VOICE
dialog: Ready.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Go ahead.
text: In the soft green glow of the dials, the needles in both
text: gauges are at rest. Dr. Tyrell stands silhouetted behind
text: Deckard, who sits in front of Rachael, a pencil beam
text: trained on her eye. Wire mesh discs are attached to her
dialog: cheeks.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: You're given a calfskin wallet
dialog: for your birthday.
text: The needles in both gauges swing violently past green to
text: red, then subside.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: I wouldn't accept it. Also, I'd
dialog: report the person who gave it to
dialog: me to the police.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: You have a little boy. He shows
dialog: you his butterfly collection, plus
text: the killing jar.
text: Again the gauges register, but not so far.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: I'd take him to the doctor.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: You're watching T.V. and suddenly
dialog: you notice a wasp crawling on your
dialog: wrist.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: I'd kill it.
text: Both needles go to red. Deckard makes a note, takes a
text: sip of coffee and continues.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: In a magazine you come across a
text: full-page photo of a nude girl.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Is this testing whether I'm an
dialog: android or a lesbian?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: You show the picture to your husband.
text: He likes it and hangs it on the wall.
text: The girl is lying on a bearskin rug.
speaker_heading: RACHEL
dialog: I wouldn't let him.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: I should be enough for him.
text: Deckard frowns, then smiles. His smile looks a little
text: like a grimace or the other way around.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: You become pregnant by a man who
dialog: runs off with your best friend,
dialog: and you decide to get an abortion.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: I'd never get an abortion.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: That would be murder, Mr. Deckard.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: In your opinion.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: It would be my child.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Sounds like you speaks from
dialog: experience.
text: He notes the needles. One goes green and the other
text: remains inert.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Last question. You're watching
text: an old movie. It shows a banquet in
text: progress, the guests are enjoying
text: raw oysters.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Ugh.
text: Both needles swing swiftly.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
text: The entree consists of boiled
text: dog stuffed with rice.
text: Needles move less.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: The raw oysters are less acceptable
dialog: to you than a dish of boiled dog.
text: Deckard moves the adhesive discs from her cheeks and
text: switches off his beam.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Lights please.
text: The lights come on.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
text: If she is, the machine works.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
text: The machine works. She is.
text: Rachael sits very still. Except her eyes -- they go to
text: Tyrell and hang on. He stares back at her as he speaks.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: How many questions did it take?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Thirteen.
text: Rachael sits rigidly in her chair, as the ground crumbles
text: around her, her big mermaid eyes locked with Tyrell.
text: His voice is quiet and strong, mesmerizing. She's hang-
text: ing by a thread.
text: Deckard watches with a bas taste in his mouth.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: She didn't know?
speaker_heading: TYRELL
text: Memory implant. She was programmed.
dialog: But I think she has transcended
dialog: her conditioning. I think she was
text: beginning to suspect.
text: Rachael nods fixedly. Careful not to let go her grasp.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: How many questions does it usually
dialog: take, Mr. Deckard?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Five, maybe six.
text: Slowly, carefully, Tyrell unlocks his gaze from Rachael
text: and turns towards Deckard, who is starting to put away
dialog: his equipment.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: You're going to have to be on your
dialog: toes, my friend.
text: Deckard glances back at him.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: It's a complex problem and we
dialog: wouldn't want anything to happen
dialog: to you.
text: Less of a man might shrink at the end of Deckard's look,
dialog: but not Tyrell.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: For the good of all, I recommend
dialog: you take Rachael with you.
dialog: Considering her uniqueness, I'm
dialog: sure she could prove quite helpful.
text: Deckard almost smiles at the nasty power of Tyrell's
text: style. He turns away and starts packing up the Voight-
dialog: Kampff.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: No thanks.
text: Deckard is ready to go.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: And how is it one man will be able
dialog: to cover so much ground?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
text: Discreetly.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: All pertinent information is
dialog: being fed into your departmental
dialog: computer, an Esper 231 -- I
dialog: believe -- and a photo over-lay
dialog: packet is being produced.
text: Deckard opens the door.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Mr. Deckard, I think it would be
dialog: wise to reconsider my offer.
text: Rachael sits there very pale and expressionless, her
text: feet flat on the floor, alone is the word.
text: Trying to keep the fury out of it, Deckard's voice
text: comes out in a whisper.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I work alone.
text: On the last word, Rachael glances up at him and Deckard
text: turns away. The outer door slides open and he goes
dialog: through it.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - NIGHT 36
text: As seen through the windshield from the passenger side
text: of a vintage Dusenberg. The headlights cut through the
text: dark, illuminating a narrow strip of mountain road. A
dialog: downgrade.
text: A sign slides by stating: "Caution Curves Ahead."
dialog: Good advice considering the sheer nightmare of a drop
text: to the right and the wall of solid rock to the left.
text: The steady HUM of the ENGINE and the HISS of the TIRES
text: will remain, but the location suddenly changes to:
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - NIGHT 37
text: A pleasant place of soft light and domestic charm. The
text: young lady in the short dress is vacuuming the rug.
text: Her back to the viewer. As she bends over to vacuum
text: beneath the couch, exposing her beautiful ass, an
text: admonishment from a resonant and slightly tired MALE
text: VOICE intercedes.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Let's keep our eyes on the road,
dialog: Deckard.
speaker_heading: DECKARD'S VOICE
dialog: Sorry.
text: Abruptly the VIEW FLASHES BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - NIGHT 38
text: The moon is up there slicing through the trees, strobing
text: over the hood of the car. The road is getting steeper
text: and the corners sharper. Rags of mist skim by as the
text: Dusenberg picks up speed. It is becoming a riveting
text: ride, but the passenger's mind moves elsewhere.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY 39
text: Swift, soft clouds overhead. In the cold shine of
text: the icy light,the viewer walks down an aisle of maples
text: and beeches, their clean hard limbs deflecting the
text: frosty light, and underfoot the crisp, blue-white snow,
text: melted through in spots, exposing soggy patches of rich
text: brown earth.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Come on, stay with the machine.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - NIGHT 40
text: The Dusenberg is going faster now, headlights eating
text: up the road. Rushing the corners in gut wrenching four-
dialog: wheel drifts. Not a pleasant sensation if you don't
text: like roller-coasters.
text: The Dusenberg slides out of a corner and faces a couple
text: hundred yards of straightway leading to the next bend.
text: Good place for a breather, but the driver shifts into
text: high and screws on.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE - DAY 41
text: Cold and gray. The current running strong. The nose
text: of a kayak points through the swells, the viewer paddling
dialog: for the shore.
text: This is cold remote country, wild and untouched. A sky
text: bluer than the Madonna's cloak. The kayak banks and
text: the viewer steps out, moving over the sandy beach
text: towards a little camp.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: We're going to have to start the
dialog: sequence again if you don't stay
dialog: with me, Deckard. Concentrate.
speaker_heading: DECKARD'S VOICE
dialog: How do you know I'm not?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: You're not responding to the
dialog: stimulus. I can see right here,
dialog: I'm not getting a reading.
speaker_heading: DECKARD'S VOICE
dialog: I'm tired of this.
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: Almost through.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL - NIGHT 42
text: In the Dusenberg the driver turns to look at the passen-
text: ger, his specter-like face obscured by shadow, but by
text: the glint of teeth, he must have just smiled. And the
text: passenger's view snaps back to the road.
text: Suddenly another pair of headlights round the approach-
text: ing bend. Large ones, of a bus or a truck. Blinding.
text: The Dusenberg is going too fast to stop. No room to
text: pass. HORNS BLAST. The Dusenberg brakes, goes into a
text: broadside skid. The hands of the passenger reach out
text: and grip the mahogany dash. Brakes locked, TIRES
text: SCREAMING, skidding. The Dusenberg tears through the
text: railing and plunges into space. The last view of the
text: passenger is pure vertigo. Silence.
scene_heading: INT. DOCTOR WHEELER'S OFFICE - AFTERNOON 43
text: The good doctor is bending over his glass-top desk which
text: resembles a pin-ball machine. Displayed under its
text: surface is a network of crisp electronic symbols and
text: read-outs indicating the results of the test.
text: Deckard detached the patches from his forehead, which
text: it a little damp, but other than that, he looks no
text: worse for wear, stands up to stretch and walks over to
text: the doctor's desk.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: So how did I do?
text: Dr. Wheeler is a thin boney man, aloof but a promise
text: of compassion in his sunken eyes.
speaker_heading: WHEELER
text: Nerves of steel.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: No rust?
speaker_heading: WHEELER
dialog: I didn't say that. Your motivity
dialog: rate checked out a little slower
dialog: than last time.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Meaning?
speaker_heading: WHEELER
dialog: Meaning you don't run as fast as
dialog: you used to.
text: Deckard starts to dress.
speaker_heading: WHEELER
dialog: During the road test...
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: WHEELER
dialog: Your mind kept wandering. That
dialog: bothered me.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Huh huh.
speaker_heading: WHEELER
dialog: Considering the nature of your
dialog: work, that could be unhealthy.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: True.
text: Wheeler studies his "desk" for a moment and his finger
text: comes down on the section illuminating Deckard's simple
dialog: statistics.
speaker_heading: WHEELER
dialog: You got a birthday coming up.
text: Deckard bends over slipping on his shoes. Wheeler looks
text: up, concerned.
speaker_heading: WHEELER
dialog: But you haven't put in for
dialog: emigration.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: WHEELER
dialog: You're going to be over the limit.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Listen, I could make you a long
dialog: list of complaints about this
dialog: fucken city but I still rather be
dialog: here than up there.
speaker_heading: WHEELER
dialog: What if you change your mind?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: They'll change the limit before
dialog: I change my mind.
speaker_heading: WHEELER
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Never been more sure of anything
dialog: in my life.
text: Deckard is ready to go. Looking at Wheeler, a little
text: touched with his concern.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Why didn't you go?
speaker_heading: WHEELER
dialog: Too old.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: But if you could?
text: Wheeler considers it a moment, smiles and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: WHEELER
dialog: My job is here.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Me too.
text: They shake hands and Deckard walks.
scene_heading: INT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - LATE AFTERNOON 44
text: The referee is bouncing around the ring, trying to keep
text: up with the two Mexican light-weights pounding the shit
text: out of each other. If not for the fuzz and the silence,
dialog: the audio on the holoscope is off, you might think
dialog: you were ringside at the Garden. It's a good fight but
text: Pris isn't watching.
text: She's got her feet up on the couch painting her toe
text: nails. The room is so quiet you can almost hear the
text: polish. She starts on her fourth toe when a NOISE
text: form above STOPS HER
text: It sounded like a CREAKING of a FLOOR, but so quiet,
text: sudden and over so fast it's hard to be sure. She
text: stares at the ceiling a moment, then glances at
dialog: Sebastian.
text: On the other side of the room, in his own world,
text: Sebastian is peering into his magnifier, soldering
text: gossamer strands with a laser.
text: Pris has crossed the floor and is closing the door
text: quietly behind her. If the animoids nestled around
text: the ledges of the room are capable of noticing, they'd
dialog: be the only ones in the room who did.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - LATE AFTER- 45
speaker_heading: NOON
text: Pris moving smoothly past the doors, some of them open
text: and warped offering sights and shadow and decay.
scene_heading: INT. FIRE STAIRS - SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - LATE AFTER- 46
speaker_heading: NOON
text: The gloom in here is like the light of the empty well.
text: Her feet against the metal steps reverberate in the
text: hollow silence.
scene_heading: INT. THE FLOOR ABOVE SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - LATE 47
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
text: She's running now, down the hall, stops at the apart-
text: ment directly above Sebastian's and opens the door.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT ABOVE SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - LATE 48
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
text: Mary turns her head as Pris comes in. She's sitting in
text: a chair. The only piece of furniture in the room.
text: It's broken and tilts at a funny angle. She nods and
text: Pris nods back.
text: Batty is lying on his back, rolling his head slightly
text: from side to side like he's soothing a stiff neck.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: What's going on down there?
speaker_heading: PRIS
text: He's not ready yet.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: Tomorrow, he says.
text: Batty nods he can't wait. Pris glances at Mary and
text: gives a frigid little smile. Pris backs out and closes
text: the door behind her. Batty blows air through his
text: nostrils. Like an animal.
scene_heading: EXT. DECKARD'S CAR - FREEWAY - NIGHT 49
text: The sky is streaked with remnants of a lingering dusk.
text: Prisms of light flash over the sheen of Deckard's car
text: as he cuts off the freeway and sweeps down the off-
text: ramp curve.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. CAR - STREETS - NIGHT 50
text: Moving through the dark city streets. Deckard turns a
text: corner and guns it up a long, steep hill.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DECKARD'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 51
text: At the top of the hill the car pulls into a drive and
text: disappears into the subterranean garage of a high-rise.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR DECKARD'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 52
text: He's coming down the hall carrying a foil wrapped
text: plastic plate and stops in front of his door. It's
text: riddled with locks. He slips a small device out of
text: his pocket, aims it at the door and the locks unlock,
text: the bolts slide open. He walks in and kicks the door
text: shut behind him.
scene_heading: INT. DECKARD'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 53
text: He slips on the light and crosses the front room.
text: Deckard is a pack rat -- hard to tell if he just moved
text: in or is just moving out.
text: As he enters the kitchen, the SOUND of SOMEBODY BEHIND
text: him causes him to whirl around fast, hand snapped out
text: in front of him, gun already in it. Rachael almost got
text: shot. But she's unruffled, a little pale maybe, but
text: direct as ever. There's a long, chilly moment, then
text: she almost smiles as her eyes move to the plate on the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Was that your dinner?
text: Deckard looks down at the over-turned plate and nods.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: I'm sorry. I called and found out
dialog: you were on your way home. These
dialog: were already delivered to your
dialog: department but I thought you
dialog: should have copies as soon as
dialog: possible.
text: She's holding out a cassette the size of a cigarette
text: pack. But it's taking Deckard's adrenalin time to
text: recede.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: It's the Nexus information you
dialog: wanted.
text: He takes the cassette, but a man with so many locks
text: must be wondering how they were gotten through so easily.
text: He doesn't even want to ask.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Thanks.
text: He realizes he's still got the gun aimed at her and
text: sticks it back in his belt and they're left staring
text: at each other. The situation makes awkward silence.
text: At least for him. She's looking at him like she's
dialog: got something to say but isn't saying it.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Is there anything else?
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: I know you think it complicates
dialog: your work, but I'm here to help.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I've already got more help than
dialog: I need.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: I think you need more help than
dialog: you've got.
text: He doesn't, but she's not backing off.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: There's two reasons a man rejects
dialog: help. Either because he's so good
dialog: at what he does he doesn't think
dialog: he needs it, or he's so insecure
dialog: he can't admit it.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Sounds like I'm an ass-hole either
text: way, but the answer is still no.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Two of us might be more effective
dialog: than one.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I work alone.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: No you don't.
text: She lets it sink in.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: You use your equipment, don't you?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: So, I'm a piece of equipment.
dialog: Use me.
text: It's a strong look that passes between them -- a long
dialog: one. Maybe if he were on firmer ground he might do
dialog: something about such an offer but...
text: Deckard's eyes follow her down as Rachael bends to
text: the floor and starts picking the food off the rug, put-
text: ting it back on the plate.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: That's okay, I'll get it...
text: He bends down to help, but she's already done it.
text: Their heads a few inches apart. Something in her eyes
text: diminishes the distance even more.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Do I make you nervous?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: And she is. And suddenly he is too. She hands him the
text: plate and they stand. She's looking at the floor,
text: almost shy, then she looks up and he's watching her.
text: She says it plain and simple.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
text: It's strange to suddenly realize
dialog: that what you thought was your
dialog: life is actually someone else's
dialog: fabrication.
text: Deckard nods. He feels it, but doesn't know what to
dialog: do about it.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I can imagine.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Can you? I couldn't.
text: These are not some of Deckard's finer moments. But she
text: doesn't seem to notice.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: A part of me is glad. I think I
dialog: feel more. I don't like who I was
dialog: before.
text: Deckard nods, waits the respectable interval and is
text: glad to have a plate to take into the kitchen.
text: In the scrambled sanctuary of his kitchen Deckard looks
text: around for a place to put the plate, but things have
text: piled up on him in here. He contemplates the refrig-
dialog: erator.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: So why do you think they were
dialog: after their records.
text: He's a lot more comfortable talking shop.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: They probably want to find out
dialog: when they were made.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Right.
text: He dumps his dinner in the garbage and comes back out.
text: She's writing something on a card.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: I guess the date of your birth is
dialog: important if you know you're not
dialog: made to last.
text: No way he can keep his foot out of it. She looks up and
text: hands him the card.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: That's my number. If you need me.
text: She goes to the door, opens it but hesitates before
dialog: going through.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: You better get better locks --
dialog: if you want to keep me out.
text: She looks back at him and smiles -- the smile says
text: she's talking about all kinds of locks. Deckard looks
dialog: like he might ask her to stay, but...
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Good night.
text: And she's gone.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Night.
text: He looks down at the number. It's the back side of a
text: snapshot. He turns it over. The picture of a man
text: and a woman. The little girl between them looks like
text: a six-year old Rachael.
scene_heading: INT. DECKARD'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 54
text: He's sitting in front of his console studying pictures
text: of Nexus Sixes at they appear, blank-faced, hairless
text: and unadorned on his monitor.
text: The over-lay machine is transforming each image with
dialog: instant attributes; hair, moustaches, teeth, eye colors,
text: age, youth, hats, glasses, etc. All in rapid succession,
text: running the gambit from ominous to beautiful.
speaker_heading: DECKARD (V.O.)
dialog: The possibilities were infinite.
dialog: They could change their appearances
dialog: but not their future.
dialog: Like she said, it was short.
dialog: Longevity is what they were after.
dialog: The garbage man even wanted a past.
dialog: Poor fuck. I'd check it out but
dialog: I knew she was right. The market
dialog: worked on turn-over. Built-in
dialog: obsolescence was the name of the
dialog: game. That meant her too. It
dialog: was something I didn't want to
dialog: think about.
text: On top of the monitor there's an open can of beans with
text: a spoon stuck in it. Deckard puts out his cigarette
text: and reaches for them as the PHONE RINGS.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: Bryant here. Regarding the
dialog: rundown you requested on job
dialog: applicants, Esper's concluded that
dialog: the only irregular category that
dialog: Tyrell's got is the entertainment
dialog: section. You better get on it.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I was just about to have my dinner.
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: If you hurry you'll get back
dialog: before it gets cold. I got a
dialog: spinner on your roof in five
dialog: minutes. Good luck.
text: Deckard hangs up and looks at the beans. He didn't
text: want them anyway. He gets up and walks to the bedroom.
text: Looks through the pile of clothes on the floor, finds
text: his ankle laser and straps it on.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY - BIRD'S EYE VIEW - NIGHT 55
text: The spinner skirts through the canyons of the city.
text: Deckard, sitting in the contoured seat, watches the
text: maze of suspension bridges, platforms and catwalks
text: swing by below. The tops of larger buildings shimmer
text: with advertisements and weather announcements.
scene_heading: INT. SPINNER - OVER CITY - NIGHT 56
text: Deckard is cruising low and slow over the city listen-
dialog: ing to Esper.
speaker_heading: EPSER
dialog: Nexus designated Rachael is a
dialog: prototype. Created for in-house
dialog: use by special mandate form the
dialog: Scientific Development Regulatory
dialog: Committee. Will live conventional
dialog: term -- no para-physical abilities.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: What is a conventional term?
speaker_heading: ESPER
dialog: Four years. Which would make her
dialog: termination date...
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Never mind. Do they have that
dialog: knowledge?
speaker_heading: ESPER
dialog: Longevity is classified. No.
dialog: Back to business.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Okay, gimme a run-down on the
dialog: three females.
speaker_heading: ESPER
dialog: Nexus designated Mary: incept
dialog: November 1 2017, domestic
dialog: conditioning non competitive,
dialog: trained for day care position.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Next.
speaker_heading: ESPER
dialog: Nexus designated Pris: incept
dialog: data December 13 2017, competitive,
dialog: programmed to provide pleasure
dialog: for long term spacers.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Number three.
speaker_heading: ESPER
dialog: Nexus designated Zhora: incept
dialog: June 13th 2017, athletic
dialog: conditioning, highly competitive,
dialog: special abilities in the
dialog: entertainment field.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. SPINNER - LANDING AREA - NIGHT 57
text: Deckard taking it down. About to pull it in an already
text: crowded lot, but the sign flashes "FULL." Deckard
dialog: doesn't believe in signs; is about to set it down any-
text: way when a Chicano in a fluorescent coat runs out and
text: waves him off.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Fuck.
text: Pissed, Deckard veers away and buzzes low over and
text: around the roof tops, all dark and cramped -- not a
dialog: lot of room around here.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - NIGHT 58
text: Finally brings it down between two buildings hardly
text: enough clearance, but he jockeys the machine into an
text: alley, touches down and runs it slowly along the surface
text: -- parking it by a sign that says "NO PARKING."
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - TAFFEY'S BAR - NIGHT 59
text: Not many people. Wind blowing. A nest of garish
dialog: small-time clubs.
text: Deckard emerges from one, goes into the next. The
text: pulsing neon over the entry says "TAFFEY'S BAR."
scene_heading: INT. TAFFEY'S BAR - NIGHT 60
text: Crowded in here. BONGO MUSIC. Deckard is at the bar
text: sitting next to a big-bellied man in a black beard who's
text: looking through a viewer. On the small stage in the
text: background AMAZING RAMA is eating razor blades, a part
text: of her juggling routine.
text: Deckard leaves the bar and walks down a hall towards a
text: door at the rear.
scene_heading: INT. TAFFEY'S OFFICE - NIGHT 61
dialog: Taffey's what's referred to in the trade as a "Chicken
dialog: Hawk" collector of young girls.
text: It must be so, there's one in the bed. Thin, pale,
text: about thirteen years old, eyes rolled up under her
text: fluttering eyelids, wires attached to her forehead,
text: lying flat on her back in Taffey's crowded little
dialog: room.
text: Taffey's a little fella with wide hips and narrow
text: shoulders, wears a jet black toupe and has a face like
text: a seal. But at the moment he's not present.
text: There's a KNOCK at the DOOR, then the SOUND of a TOILET
text: FLUSHING. Taffey comes out of the bathroom, heart
text: pounding under his polyester bathrobe, and approaches
text: the door like the guilty fucker he is. He looks through
text: the peeper.
text: Deckard is out there holding up his I.D.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Taffey Lewis?
speaker_heading: TAFFEY
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Can I come in?
text: There is a pause lasting the time it takes Taffey not
text: to think of a way to say no. The door opens and Deckard
text: enters. Except for the drool coming out of the corner of
text: her mouth, and the fluttering eye-lids, Venus doesn't
dialog: move a muscle.
speaker_heading: TAFFEY
dialog: Excuse my niece there... She's
text: studying for an exam.
text: Deckard takes the Identikit hard copies our of his
text: pocket and pushing some junk out of the way, fans them
text: out on the table.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I'd like you to take a look at
dialog: these pictures.
speaker_heading: TAFFEY
dialog: Of course.
text: Taffey bends down really close, peering at the pictures
text: from about two inches away.
speaker_heading: TAFFEY
dialog: You see I lost my contacts a
dialog: couple of days ago around here
dialog: somewhere and my sight is a
dialog: little... What am I supposed
dialog: to be looking for?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Do you recognize any of
dialog: them?
text: He stops at Zhora.
speaker_heading: TAFFEY
text: This one looks familiar, but
dialog: I don't know. Naw. There's
dialog: one came in today looks a
dialog: little like this one but...
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: What did she want?
speaker_heading: TAFFEY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
text: The girl that doesn't look
dialog: like that girl.
speaker_heading: TAFFEY
dialog: Nothing. She wanted to know
dialog: about suck night.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: What night?
speaker_heading: TAFFEY
dialog: I didn't know if I wanted to
dialog: handle her -- I already got
dialog: a snake act. But my partner
dialog: goes down there to the Opera
dialog: House on suck night to book
dialog: the good ones.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: What's suck night?
speaker_heading: TAFFEY
dialog: That's what we call in the
dialog: trade, audition free-for-
dialog: alls and most of it sucks.
dialog: Bit I don't think that's
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: You talking about the Opera
dialog: House on the Main?
text: Taffey nods. Deckard goes to the door and turns.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Book the good ones for where?
speaker_heading: TAFFEY
dialog: Lots of places. The tours,
dialog: the clubs, the Silicone shows,
dialog: private parties.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: What shows?
speaker_heading: TAFFEY
dialog: Silicone Valley. Lots of
dialog: these science guys never
dialog: leave that place. We book
dialog: two shows a month in there.
dialog: Those big time techs and bio-
dialog: guys might be real high zoners
dialog: up here, but when it comes
dialog: to the arts, they like it loud
dialog: and lewd.
text: It's starting to get a little gooey. Deckard tips his
text: head good night and backs out of the door.
scene_heading: INT. THE OLD OPERA HOUSE - NIGHT 62
text: Onstage four Mexican acrobats, in matching metallic
text: jumpsuits roll head over heels in their rendition of
text: a human wheel. From the P.A. system the Announcer's
text: voice blares through the cavernous theatre.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER'S VOICE
dialog: Let's hear it for the Hermano
dialog: Brothers.
text: Scattered APPLAUSE. Hand in hand, the Hermano Brothers
text: bow deeply, spring up and trot offstage.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER'S VOICE
dialog: Next we're gonna see a little
dialog: charmer who keeps her dancing
dialog: partner in a basket! She
dialog: comes to us all the way from
dialog: exotic Casablanca. 'Salome.'
text: The old boys in the pit strike up a tinny version
text: of "In a Persian Market" as SALOME dances onstage.
text: She's a black-haired beauty in a scant belly dancer
text: costume, a couple of pounds overweight but all in
text: the right places. She kneels ceremoniously center
text: stage and sets the basket down before her. Carefully
text: removing the lid, she reaches in and lifts out a four-
text: foot harlequin-patterned python. Grinding her hips
text: to the music, she rises, holding the coiling snake out
text: like an offering. Sounds of approval from the audience.
text: The gold coins covering her breasts jingle and shimmer,
text: as she weaves sensuously around the floor.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE - NIGHT 63
text: To scattered APPLAUSE, HOOTS and WHISTLES, Salome
text: flounces offstage, the snake hung around her shoul-
text: ders, looking limp, and makes her way through the
text: narrow corridor to her dressing room. She's about
dialog: to enter when:
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Excuse me, Miss Salome.
text: She turns. Deckard's posture and attitude suggest hum-
text: ble, sleazy persistence. He comes closer with his
text: shit-eating grin.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I'd like to have a word with you
dialog: if I could.
text: Salome stands almost six feet high in her high heels
text: -- she looks down on him with the haughty suspicion
text: of a chick who knows how to handle cheap hits.
speaker_heading: SALOME
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I'm with the American Federation
dialog: of Variety Artists...
text: He holds up a hand as if to stop her from protesting.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Don't worry, I'm not here to make
dialog: you join -- that's not my department.
text: He glances around like a guy who's not supposed to be
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I'm an investigator for the
dialog: Confidential Committee on Moral
dialog: Abuses.
text: She nods, taking it a little more seriously.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: There's been reports of management
dialog: sexually abusing the artists in
dialog: this place.
speaker_heading: SALOME
dialog: I don't know nothing about it.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: You haven't felt yourself to be
dialog: exploited by the management in any
dialog: way?
text: She's definitely puzzled.
speaker_heading: SALOME
dialog: How do you mean 'exploited'?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Like to get this position. Did
dialog: you or were you asked to do anything
dialog: lewd or unsavory or otherwise
dialog: repulsive to your person?
speaker_heading: SALOME
dialog: Are you for real?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Oh, yeah.
dialog: You'd be surprised what goes on
dialog: around here. I'd like to check
dialog: the dressing room if I could.
speaker_heading: SALOME
dialog: What the fuck for?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: For holes.
dialog: This guy might be an asshole but he's funny.
speaker_heading: SALOME
dialog: I don't believe this.
text: She shrugs and they go in.
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT 64
text: Musty and cramped. A portable shower, a dressing table
text: and not much else. Salome takes the snake from around
text: her shoulders and lays it on the dressing table. Deck-
text: ard watches it undulate into the warmth of the lights.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: It that mother real?
speaker_heading: SALOME
dialog: Of course he's not real. You think
dialog: I'd be working here if I could
dialog: afford a real snake?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: It's a good job.
speaker_heading: SALOME
dialog: You mean the snake.
text: Deckard nods. There's not much costume to take off but
dialog: she's doing it.
speaker_heading: SALOME
dialog: The best.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Does it eat?
speaker_heading: SALOME
dialog: Come on.
text: His hand reaches out to touch it. As his fingers make
text: contact there's an electric "snap." He jerks his hand
text: back from the shock.
speaker_heading: SALOME
dialog: Jeezus!
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: SALOME
dialog: Hey! Do your job but don't wreck
dialog: mine, huh?
text: She slides behind the screen and turns on the shower.
text: Deckard starts creeping around pacing around the room
text: like he's inspecting the walls.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: They have their ways of doing
dialog: their dirty work without the
dialog: victim knowing what's going on.
text: His eyes are moving over everything she's got.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: You'd be surprised what a guy'll
dialog: go through to get a glimpse of a
text: beautiful body.
speaker_heading: SALOME
dialog: I bet I would.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Little dirty holes the bastards
text: drill in the wall so they can
text: watch a lady undress.
text: And to his amazement he actually spots one. It's down
text: low on the wall. Not a good idea to turn his back on
text: work but he can't resist.
speaker_heading: SALOME
dialog: And what if somebody did try to
dialog: 'exploit' me? Who do I go to?
text: Through the hole Deckard is looking at a pair of fat
dialog: legs.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Me.
speaker_heading: SALOME
dialog: And who do I go to about you?
text: He looks back. She's some out of the shower dripping
text: nude. She's taken off her black wig. Her hair is
text: short and blonde.
text: Deckard recognizes her immediately from the identikit.
text: He stares at her a moment too long.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Hmmmmm?
text: Deckard grins and she returns it.
text: She takes a towel off the table and starts to dry her
text: body. The snake noses through the cosmetics, tongue
text: flicking trying to get back to its mistress. Absently,
text: she reaches out to stroke the snake and suddenly laughs.
speaker_heading: ZHORA
dialog: You ever get the feeling things
dialog: aren't the way they seem?
text: Her hand closes around the snake's head. Deckard sees
text: it coming but can't move fast enough. She strikes him
text: so hard it knocks him off his feet. Before he hits the
text: floor, she kicks him in the stomach. The snake whistles
text: through the air again as Deckard rolls out of the way.
text: It slams down so hard it ruptures against the floor.
text: He goes for his laser, but she's already out the door.
scene_heading: INT. PASSAGEWAY - NIGHT 65
text: Deckard bounds out of the room and sees her go through
text: a door at the other end of the hall. He sprints after
text: her, arrives at the door and flings it open. Black-
text: ness. The SOUND of her high heels CLATTER down the
dialog: metal steps.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - OPERA HOUSE - NIGHT 66
text: It's raining heavily.
text: The front of the Opera House is open only to foot traf-
text: fic these days. A bizarre place on a Friday night,
dialog: hawkers and whores, the rabble, the poor and the cur-
text: ious mill around the randy-built platforms and brightly
text: lit stands. Zhora, in just a raincoat, is not out of
dialog: place in this flea market atmosphere. Trying not to
text: run, she slices through the mob as quickly as she can.
text: Deckard is not far behind, dodging and side-stepping,
text: trying to move against the tide of people scurrying for
dialog: shelter.
text: She comes to an intersection and turns out of the mall
text: onto a less crowded street. She glances over her
text: shoulder as she breaks into a run and runs right into
text: a couple of pedestrians. All three go down.
text: Deckard comes out of the crowd in time to spot her get-
text: ting to her feet. She sees him and runs. The two ped-
text: estrians are in his line of fire. He runs past them
text: and drops to one knee, leveling his laser.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Stop or you're dead!
text: She doesn't. The beam flashes through the air, but
text: she's already around the corner.
text: With his bottom lip between his teeth, it hurts to move
text: so fast, Deckard jack-legs it into the street and jumps
text: in front of the first car coming. It screeches to a
text: stop. Deckard scrambles for the door, but the guy be-
text: hind the wheel has other ideas. He peels out fast.
text: The next car slows down and swerves trying not to hit
text: him. Deckard goes for the door and before the old ma-
text: tron inside can lock it, Deckard's yanked it open and
text: jumps in. She screams as he pushes her into the pas-
text: senger seat and jams the car into a wrenching about
text: face. The lady squeals like a pig as the momentum
text: plasters her against the door.
text: Deckard slams it around the corner and guns it down the
text: street. It's long and it's empty and it's going by fast.
dialog: Nothing the old lady cares to see -- she's got her hands
text: over her eyes, whimpering, hoping she'll faint before
text: she dies.
text: Deckard takes the next left so hard he almost lays it
text: over. As the car bounces off the curb he floors it.
text: Zhora's a hundred yards ahead, halfway down the street,
text: trying to make it back into the crowded mall. She's
text: running fast, but the car is faster.
text: As he passes her, Deckard hits the brakes and skids
text: broadside seventy feet. The door flies open and he
text: rolls out FIRING.
text: Zhora's ducking it with no where to go, except...
text: The showcase window on her left EXPLODES as she crashes
dialog: through.
text: It's a corner shop joined to a series of stores, front-
text: ing the mall. Deckard runs to the opening she's made
text: and pours FIRE through the tunnel of her jagged wake as
text: Zhora breaks through one window after another, getting
text: sliced, getting shot, trying to get away from Deckard's
text: laser. But she doesn't.
text: His last shot burns a hole through the base of her
text: skull. It kills her but doesn't stop her. Her speed
text: takes what's left of her through the last two windows
text: and into the street where she runs into a parked car
text: with such force that she embeds herself in the side of
dialog: it.
text: Hunched over, breathing hard, Deckard comes slowly for-
text: ward. The crowd starting to gather. There's something
dialog: for everybody and they're coming from all directions.
text: Deckard moves through them, edging to have a look.
text: It's not a good thing to see. It looks like Salome
text: and the car tries to eat each other. A bloody feast
text: of metal and flesh.
text: Deckard bows his head, sick, exhausted. So much commo-
text: tion he doesn't notice THREE COPS closing in from
dialog: behind.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Drop it!
text: Deckard has his back to them. They're fanned out and
text: crouched, ready to fire. Deckard drops his laser. Two
text: of them rush up, spin him around while the third does a
dialog: frisk.
text: TWO MORE COPS arrive, wary and wild-eyed, pushing the
dialog: people back -- his is not a good place for cops.
text: Deckard's ankle laser is discovered by the Cop frisking
text: him. With a snarl he pulls it out and hands it back to
text: the SERGEANT covering the action.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: On your belly!
text: Deckard's not in the mood for it.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Listen, Sergeant...
text: He's reaching for his ID. The Cop with the rubber
text: billy hits him in the head.
text: One thrill after another. Somebody in the crowd YEOWLS.
text: The last thing Deckard hears as he falls. The Cop
text: reaches inside Deckard's coat for the concealed weapon
text: they missed, but it's an ID card. He looks at it for a
text: moment, then looks up.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Hey, Sarge, this guy's a cop.
text: An embarrassing situation.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: Clear this fuckin' crowd.
text: The Cops start pushing. And for one split second one
text: of the crowd looks a lot like Leon.
scene_heading: INT. OLD OPERA HOUSE - MEN'S ROOM - NIGHT 67
dialog: Your standard low class crapper. Bryant is planted
text: firmly on the cracked tile floor next to the urinals
text: rubbing his face, trying not to pop the clutch in his
dialog: anger. This is a public place, he doesn't want to
dialog: yell.
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: Just because it's a Nexus 6 doesn't
dialog: change procedure. A little known
dialog: fact can become a well-known fact
dialog: and part of our job, Deckard, is
dialog: to make sure that doesn't happen.
dialog: Now how can be do that if you blow
dialog: one away in front of a fuckin'
dialog: audience.
text: It's not the sort of question that expects an answer.
text: Deckard's washing his face in the basin hoping it'll
text: all go away.
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: Well?
text: Deckard looks up dripping, reaches for a paper towel.
text: Bryant slaps one in his hand.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: She was gonna get away.
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: Then let her get away. I thought
dialog: you were a pro -- you're supposed
dialog: to be a fuckin' tracker!
text: Bryant takes a couple of deep breaths.
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: I'd say you got a little carried
dialog: away.
text: Deckard's voice is barely audible.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I didn't like her.
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: You didn't like her!?
text: He slams the handle on one of the urinals.
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: You start liking or disliking
dialog: andies it's time to hang it up.
text: The PLUMPING ROARS and SUCKS and DIES. There's nothing
text: to do but nod. Deckard nods. Poor bastard has had a
text: rough night. Bryant pulls a flask out of his coat and
text: hands it to him. Deckard puts it to his mouth and
text: Bryant watches Deckard's Adam's apple like he's count-
text: ing the swallows. Deckard hands it back empty. Bryant
text: caps it, puts it back in his pocket.
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: Look, go home. Get some rest.
dialog: Take an aspirin.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Yeah.
text: Bryant shuffles out like an old bear.
scene_heading: INT. OLD OPERA HOUSE - BAR - NIGHT 68
dialog: Cheap whiskey and bad wine. That's the kind of place
text: this is. It's near closing. But still a few at the
text: bar. Alcoholic silhouettes.
text: In the b.g. Deckard comes down the passage from the
text: men's room and stops at the phone. He gets a number
text: out of his pocket and calls it. As he talks he leans
text: against the wall, his body language intimate and chummy.
text: Not much action at the bar other than somebody snoring
text: and a dipso down at the end having a conversation with
dialog: himself.
text: Deckard hangs up, walks to the bar and straggles a
text: stool. The BARTENDER's a big lady with tits like sand
text: bags and a voice that plays no favorites.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: I can't protect your drinks,
dialog: mister; while you was in the
dialog: potty, this hummer snatched it.
text: Deckard glances at his stool-mate. A huge MAN, slumped
text: over the bar like a beached whale.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: No problem. Gimme another.
text: The whale doesn't move, but it speaks, with a gravelly
dialog: Russian accent.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN
dialog: Forgive me. I thought was free
dialog: drink. I will pay.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Forget it.
text: But the big man's digging through his pockets. Deck-
text: ard's drink arrives and the Russian raises his head.
text: It's a big melancholy face with a glint of warmth in
dialog: his red-rimmed eyes and a smile that could melt your
dialog: heart. But it's Leon.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I think I have no money.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: It's okay. Forget it.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: But I would like to buy you drink.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I'll but you one. What'll you
dialog: have?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Vodka!
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Shot of vodka, please.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Thank you very much.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: My pleasure.
text: Deckard brings out his smokes. Offers one. Leon takes
text: it and they light up. The drinks come.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Prosit.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Prosit.
text: Down the hatch. Leon slaps his glass on the bar, reach-
text: es into his pocket, brings out a little match box and
text: slaps that down too. It's done with such pride that
text: Deckard has to look.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: You want to see my friends?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Sorry, don't have the time.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: No problem.
text: Leon smiles broadly and with ceremonious care opens the
text: box and dumps three live cockroaches on the bar.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Those cockroaches?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Ya.
text: Deckard looks interested. One of them starts to scamp-
text: er away, but Leon walls off the next with his huge hand.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: How long you had these guys?
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Two months. But this one is not
text: guy. It is girl. His girl.
text: Leon leans closer like he doesn't want the cockroaches
dialog: to hear.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Usually Blackie waits until Igor
text: is eating; then, when his back is
text: turned, he tries to take advantage
dialog: of Anna.
text: Deckard nods, definitely interested. He signals the
text: bartender for another round. The drinks arrive.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Prosit.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Prosit.
text: Down the hatch. Their eyes meet at the bottom.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: You never saw a cockroach make
dialog: love?
text: Deckard shakes his head, but he'd like to.
text: Leon smiles slyly.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: We will try.
text: Leon brings a cube of sugar out of his pocket and puts
text: it on the bar. They both lean down and watch intently.
text: The drinks come and are put away, but the cockroaches
dialog: are not cooperating.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: It must be that he is not hungry
dialog: or maybe she is not hot.
text: Leon is catching the roaches and one by one puts them
text: back in their box. He holds up the last and kisses it.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: You like to kiss her goodbye.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: No thanks.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: Make sure you take your girlfriends
dialog: with you when you leave.
text: What neither of them notices is that between Leon's
text: fingers, his stub of his cigarette is burning his flesh.
text: Deckard lifts his glass, it is empty.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I like you.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I like you too.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: One more, eh?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I gotta piss.
text: Deckard gets on his feet, leans forward like a man in
text: a stiff wind and stops.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I think I'll piss outside.
text: Leon watches his walk a perfect straight line through
text: the bar down the passage and out of the rear exit.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - OLD OPERA HOUSE - NIGHT 69
text: Deckard reels out. The door swings shut and he's sober
text: as hell and moving fast. Around the big trash dumpster
text: alongside the building, he plasters himself against the
text: wall and his gun is out, aimed at the door. He's in a
text: good spot with a perfect line of fire. Moments go by
text: and he's glad for the time to steady himself. The
text: SOUND of his BREATHING, the HUM of the city and the
dialog: quiet.
text: Suddenly from behind, Deckard is swept off his feet and
text: twirled around in Leon's bear-trap embrace.
text: Leon lets go and Deckard hits the pavement, skidding
text: hard enough to tear clothes and burn skin, but he rolls
text: out of it and comes up with gun in hand; but Leon is so
text: fast he's already there and kicks it out of his hand.
text: Leon moves towards him, backing Deckard against the wall.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: How come you know where Zhora was
dialog: so quick?
text: His hand is lightning. It shoots out, grabs Deckard's
dialog: hair.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I showed pictures. Somebody
dialog: recognized her. I went to see.
text: Deckard is pale. The sweat is starting to run.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: How old am I?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I don't know.
text: The grip tightens and twists.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: My birthday is April 10, 2015.
dialog: How long do I live?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Four years.
text: He lets go.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: More than you.
text: Deckard's knees come up fast. Leon's fist comes down
text: faster, like a hammer.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Painful to live in fear, isn't it.
text: Deckard is doubled over, hugging his thigh.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: But that's how it is to be a
text: slave. The future is sealed off,
text: he grovels, he waits.
text: Even hurt, Deckard is fast. He goes for his ankle gun,
text: but Leon's got it out of his hand before he can even
text: raise it and throws it down the alley.
text: Deckard hurls forward, knocking him off balance, and
text: scrambles to get away. Leon grabs him by the foot,
text: drags him back and jerks him off the ground.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: Sex, reproduction, security, the
dialog: simple things. But no way to
dialog: satisfy them. To be homesick
dialog: with no place to go. Potential
dialog: with no way to use it. Lots of
text: little oversights in the Nexus 6.
text: He slams Deckard into the wall.
speaker_heading: LEON
dialog: I tell you, nothing is worse
dialog: than having an itch you can never
dialog: scratch.
text: Deckard slides down the wall to his knees and huddles,
text: protecting his head with his arms, waiting for the next
dialog: one.
text: Leon folds his big hands together and raises them over
text: his head, pausing just a second to savor the satisfac-
text: tion of smashing Deckard's skull.
text: The spasm that runs through Leon's face is not from
dialog: satisfaction. It's the bullet that went through his
text: neck. He hits the ground hard, his big teeth biting
text: the air like a rabid dog. Dead.
text: Rachael is standing in the alley. Deckard lies there
text: looking at her. She comes slowly and quietly forward
text: and drops Deckard's gun by his side.
text: Deckard gets to his hands and knees and tries to get
text: up, but can't quite manage it. He looks up at her,
text: panting, spits blood and almost smiles.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Like I said, I don't need your
dialog: help.
text: After a long moment, she bends down to touch him.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: You look terrible, you know that?
scene_heading: INT. DECKARD'S APARTMENT - BATHROOM - NIGHT 70
text: He's lying in the tub with a drink, eyes half mast,
text: water up to his chin, bruised and beat, but looking
text: just a little wicked in his balmy luxury.
speaker_heading: DECKARD (V.O.)
dialog: I knew a cop once who was involved
text: in a high-speed chase. They shot
text: out one of his tires and he went
text: over a cliff at hundred and fifty
dialog: miles an hour. They found him in
text: the morning with a broken skull,
dialog: six fractured ribs and second-
text: degree burns. On the way to the
dialog: hospital he made a play for the
dialog: nurse.
text: He takes a drink and clears his throat.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Hey! I thought you were supposed
dialog: to be taking care of me.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL'S VOICE
dialog: What do you need?
text: He doesn't answer. Lies there sipping his drink.
text: Rachael comes in a little uncertain, a little droll,
text: and stands there looking down at him.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Don't just stand there looking at
dialog: me. It's not polite.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: What do you want me to do?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Sit.
text: She sits on the edge of the tub.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Gimme your arm.
text: She's wearing a short-sleeved dress. It's a long, del-
text: icate arm and Deckard holds it, inspecting it like a
text: maestro with a Stradivarius. He looks up at her.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: You ever take a bath with a man
dialog: before?
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: There's a lot I haven't done with
dialog: a man before.
text: He's got her hand in the water and had begun to soap
text: her arm. Starting with her wrist and running the bar
text: to her elbow, up and down, slow and slippery. She
text: watches, not quite sure of the ritual.
text: He pulls her closer, and runs his hand up higher, mould-
text: ing and pressing, working around her flesh, up and under
text: her arm into the privacy of her dress.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: You're getting me wet.
text: Oh, yes. For a moment Deckard stares at her like some
text: furry-legged satyr in rut, the fingers of his other
text: hand rake through her hair and into the water she comes.
scene_heading: INT. DECKARD'S APARTMENT - BEDROOM - MORNING 71
text: The bed looks like it was hit by a storm and Deckard
text: looks like something that was washed up in it. He's
text: spread out flat, face creased and puffed.
text: His eyes squint open, but only for a moment. His
text: hands are more reliable. They search over the bed,
text: but find it bare. He edges his head over the side,
text: looking around for signs, but she's all gone. He
text: gets up in two stages, sits and then stands. Then
text: sits again, resting his head in his hands.
scene_heading: INT. DECKARD'S APARTMENT - BATHROOM - MORNING 72
text: Deckard's got his face in the mirror shaving it. It's
dialog: been a long night. Nothing a new tongue and a trans-
dialog: fusion wouldn't put right. He moves a couple of inches
text: to the left so his eyes have a view of the tub.
scene_heading: INT. DECKARD'S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - MORNING 73
text: Deckard is on the edge of the couch with the phone on
text: his knees, the card with Rachael's number in his lap
dialog: and having no luck.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL'S VOICE
dialog: Sorry, I am not in at the moment,
dialog: but if you'll leave your name and
dialog: number I'll return your call as
dialog: soon as I can.
text: That's not soon enough. Deckard hangs up, puts the
text: phone on the floor and leans back on the couch.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Fuck you, then.
scene_heading: INT. MR. DEETCHUM'S APARTMENT - MORNING 74
text: The rooster perched on the chair spreading its scrawny
text: wings, strains from the tips of its toes, crowing at
text: the ceiling. Between crows there's a TAPPING at the
dialog: door.
dialog: You might call this a "barnyard" apartment. There's
text: straw on the floor and several hens roosting against
text: the back wall. The front door opens a few inches and
text: Sebastian pokes his head in.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Mr. Deetchum? Hello?
text: Nobody seems to be home except his chickens. As Sebas-
text: tian enters, closing the door behind him, a goose
text: charges out of the bedroom hissing and honking.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Now, now, Waddles.
text: Seeming to recognize Sebastian as no intruder, Waddles
text: veers off from the attack. As Sebastian crosses the
text: room a pig peeks out from behind the couch.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Hello, Wrigley.
text: He goes to the chickens and collects some eggs, putting
text: them into a bowl he's brought. He puts down the bowl
text: and reaching into his pocket carefully counts out the
text: payment and puts the money on a plate. He's about to
text: leave but notices there's no water in the dispenser.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Mr. Deetchum isn't taking very
dialog: good care of you people.
text: Pouring from a jug on the table, he fills the dispenser
text: with water, scatters a little grain on the floor, gets
text: his bowel of eggs and leaves.
text: Wrigley grunts and comes out from behind the couch for
text: a long drink.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - SEBASTIAN'S FLOOR - MORNING 75
text: Sebastian arrives on his floor, walks down the hall to
text: his apartment, opens the door, walks in.
scene_heading: INT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - DAY 76
text: He turns to close door, comes face to face with Roy
text: Batty. Sebastian drops his bowl of eggs. Batty's
text: hand flashes out and catches it.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Whoops.
text: Smiling, Batty hands them back to Sebastian, who is
text: too startled to speak.
text: Pris runs up and gives Batty and Mary a big hug, steps
text: back effusing and smiling, everybody's favorite teen-
dialog: ager.
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: This is my Uncle Roy, Sebastian.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Hello, glad to meet you.
text: He pumps Sebastian's free hand.
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: And my Aunt Mary.
text: Sebastian turns and there's Aunt Mary, modest and warm.
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: And this is my savior, J.F. Sebastian,
dialog: everybody.
text: Sebastian stands there with his eggs, bashful and ex-
text: cited, the hero of this little family's warm attention.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Can't thank you enough, Mr. Sebastian.
dialog: If you hadn't come along...
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: We were worried to death. It's
dialog: awfully kind of you.
text: Sebastian is nodding and smiling.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: We're not used to the big city.
dialog: Where we come from it's not so
dialog: easy to get lost.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You certainly have a nice place
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: BATTY
text: Well stocked.
text: Batty looks around admiringly. Sebastian mumbles some-
dialog: thing that sounds like "Thank you."
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: Sebastian doesn't like to go out
dialog: too much.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I keep a lot of provisions right
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: I like a man who stays put. An
dialog: admirable thing to be able to
dialog: sustain yourself in these times.
dialog: You live here all by yourself, do
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Well, no, not really. There's
dialog: Mr. Deetchum, he's the watchman,
text: he lives on the first floor.
text: Everybody nods. A long pause.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: We haven't found it easy, Mr.
dialog: Sebastian.
text: They glance around the room, waiting for Sebastian to
text: pick up the ball.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: How about breakfast, I was just
dialog: going to make some.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: If it wouldn't be too much of a
dialog: bother... a little bite to eat
dialog: would be...
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Oh, no bother, I'd be glad to.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Well, actually
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: We're famished.
text: Sebastian is truly happy.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Okay, then. You make yourselves
dialog: comfortable and I'll bring the
dialog: food right out.
text: He disappears into the kitchen. Batty looks happy with
dialog: the way things are going.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Charming.
text: Pris comes up close. Her tone muted but demanding.
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: Well?
text: Batty finds her attitude amusing, which makes her even
text: more pugnacious.
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: I want to know what's going on.
text: There's a punitive edge to Batty's response.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: There's only three of us left.
text: Pris is shocked. Her whisper comes out a hiss.
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: Then we're stupid and we'll die.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Not if everybody is doing their
dialog: job here at home. How are things
dialog: at home?
text: A little spotted pig on the table sits up.
speaker_heading: PIG
text: Home again, jiggidy jig.
text: They all turn and stare at the pig. Batty is delighted.
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: I don't trust him. I don't think
dialog: he knows what he's doing.
text: The BELL-TONE from the microwave goes off in the kitchen.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: He knows what he's doing.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: If he won't cooperate?
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Mr. Sebastian is a host who wants
dialog: to be appreciated. We'll
dialog: appreciate him and he'll cooperate.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR AND ROOM - DAY 77
text: Holden is laid out in an apparatus that resembles an
text: iron lung. A little above his head, facing him, is a
text: bank of bio-feedback lights registering body functions.
text: Deckard is in a chair sitting next to his friend.
text: Holden has lost weight, his face is grey, he can't
text: move his head, but he's smiling like the cat who ate
dialog: the canary.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: How are you doing, old man?
text: Holden's voice is just a whisper -- the kind of whisper
text: that comes out of the joker at the back of the class.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: I'm great. I mean, I know I'm
dialog: not really great, but I feel just
dialog: great. How you like my new suit?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Well, you don't have to worry
dialog: about getting it wrinkled.
text: Holden's eyes close, his smile gets bigger and little
text: spasms of laughter pump out of his mouth.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Don't make me laugh. It makes me
dialog: pee.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Hey, it's okay. I like to pee.
dialog: So how are you doing?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I'm doing okay.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: From what I hear you're doing
dialog: great. Bryant tells me you're
dialog: going like a god damn one-man
dialog: army. Making a lot of money, huh?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: But that's what I wanted to talk
dialog: to you about.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Money?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: No. I got a problem.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Let's hear it.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I think I'm starting to empathize
dialog: with these Nexus-sixes.
text: Holden giggles. Starts to laugh again. A blue light
text: on the panel begins to turn very bright. They both
dialog: notice it.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: I'm taking a piss.
text: They wait for the light to abate.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Let me ask you something, Deck.
dialog: You been having intimate relations
dialog: with one of these units?
text: Deckard doesn't deny it. Holden smiles like a cherub.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: That's what I thought... one of
dialog: the liabilities of the trade --
dialog: you has sex with your prey, old
dialog: buddy. That's bound to create
dialog: problems, unless you're a black
dialog: widow.
text: Deckard has to wait for him to stop giggling.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: What about -- not sex -- but love?
text: Holden bites his bottom lip to keep the laugher out of
text: his voice, but he can't.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Love is just another name for sex.
dialog: Love is sexy and sex is lovely --
dialog: I don't care what you call it, an
dialog: android can't have it.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: These aren't just...
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: I know what they are, Deck --
dialog: Look, maybe they can pretend to
dialog: feel, but far as the raw, hot
dialog: emotions of the old heart -- no
dialog: way.
text: Holden stops talking for a moment to get some air.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Believe me, take it from an old
dialog: pro, no matter how good we get,
dialog: we're never gonna make an
dialog: artificial anything that can
dialog: feel. It's a contradiction.
dialog: You might as well go fuck your
dialog: washing machine.
text: Holden laughs, Deckard doesn't.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Just go out there and keep up
dialog: the good work.
text: Holden's whispers have become harder to hear.
speaker_heading: HOLDEN
dialog: Got to save it, Deck, I'm getting
dialog: sleepy. It's been good talking
dialog: to you.
text: Deckard stands.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Thanks.
text: But he's already asleep. Deckard stands there a moment
text: looking at him, then walks out.
scene_heading: INT. DECKARD'S APARTMENT - DAY 78
text: He's sitting on the couch, glum, contemplative.
text: There's a SOUND. His eyes move to the door. Those
text: locks are opening again. Rachael comes in. Looks
text: surprised to see him. Him too.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: I told you I'd come back.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: You did?
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: You didn't hear me. You were
dialog: sleeping.
dialog: He likes that.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Are you glad I'm here?
dialog: He is. She's spunky. Hasn't seen this place in the
text: daytime. Pleased, he watched her move around the mess.
text: She spots a little framed photograph. Picks it up.
text: It's a man with a shotgun and a boy holding up a quail.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Who is this?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Me and my dad.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Dead.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Oh.
text: She puts it down and comes to him.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: How come you're not on the job?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I am. Part of my job is to sit
text: on a couch and try and figure
dialog: things out.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: How are you doing?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Not too good.
text: She sits next to him.
text: Pleased as hell, they both sit there staring straight
text: ahead. He looks at her. She looks at him.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: What do people do in the afternoon?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: If they are smart, they take
dialog: naps.
scene_heading: INT. DECKARD'S BEDROOM - DAY 79
text: They're under the sheet. Rachael is on her back, look-
text: ing at the ceiling, hair sprawled like sea grass over
text: the pillow. Deckard lies next to her, a man studying
dialog: a treasure.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Do you dream?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Yeah. Sometimes.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: I wish I could.
text: His hand moves over her shoulder.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Wishing is a kind of dreaming.
text: His hand goes under the sheet.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: I mean asleep.
text: She feels good. He moves closer.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Did you cry when your father
dialog: died?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: That's another thing I can't
dialog: do.
text: He kisses her lightly on the cheek.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Nobody is freer than when he
dialog: dreams. I read that.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: It wasn't very good last night,
dialog: was it?
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: I don't know, I have nothing
dialog: to compare it to. I guess I
dialog: thought there was something
dialog: more to it.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: I don't know... I think I missed
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Like?
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: I'm not sure. Is there a
dialog: secret?
text: Her face is close. She's looking right at him. Her
text: lips are right there.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I don't know. If there is I'd
dialog: like to find it.
text: Slowly their lips touch and his arms slide under her
dialog: body.
scene_heading: INT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - DAY 80
text: Batty, Pris and Mary sit at the table staring at their
text: host. Sebastian is staring back, his fork halfway to
text: his mouth, looking from face to face. Although nothing
dialog: is being said, he's totally comfortable, as much at
text: home with them as he is with his animoids.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Why are you staring at us?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You're just all so... so different.
text: Batty nods his head, smiling, sending home the fact and
dialog: Sebastian is certainly getting it.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: What, Sebastian?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You're androids.
text: A long pause.
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: What makes you think so?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You're all so perfect.
text: Sebastian is smiling from ear to ear.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: What generation are you?
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Nexus - 6.
dialog: 
text: Sebastian whistles. Mary's head is shaking slightly.
text: Pris gets up and moves to the couch. Batty couldn't
dialog: be more pleased.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: We can trust Sebastian, ladies.
dialog: He's been working with mechanisms
dialog: all his life. He's a wizard and
dialog: a very perceptive man.
text: Sebastian looks like a kid on Christmas Eve.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Could you...
text: His voice is trembling.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Show me something?
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Like...
text: Like a million things, but he's too excited to think of
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: We're not computers, Sebastian,
dialog: we're physical.
text: Pris perks up proudly.
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: I think, therefore I am.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Very good, Pris. Now show him why.
text: It's a command Pris is pleased to obey. She sits quiet-
text: ly a moment, hands folded in her lap, prim and proper.
text: Mary doesn't like these displays, but Batty is beaming.
text: Those hands in Pris' lap suddenly move, almost faster
text: than the eye can see and slam down on either side of
text: her, digging into the material with such ferocity that
text: Sebastian jumps. She plunges into the guts of the couch
text: up to her elbows and comes up holding springs and stuff-
text: ing. Except for the clenched teeth, she is smiling like
text: an angel.
text: Sebastian is riveted, his eyes wide and astounded, like
text: he's just seen the devil. He laughs nervously, glad
dialog: that the devil is a friend.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: We have a lot in common.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: You mean that you can't come here
dialog: and I can't go there?
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Not only that, but we have smiliar
text: problems. Accelerated decrepitude.
dialog: But we don't want to die quite yet.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Of course not.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: You could help us.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I don't know much about biomechanics,
dialog: Roy. I wish I did, but you're out
dialog: of my league.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: If we don't find help soon, Pris
dialog: hasn't got long to live.
text: Sebastian sneaks a glance. Pris is staring at him with
text: big childlike eyes, Sebastian looks back at Batty, moved
text: but helpless.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: What about your friend, the man
dialog: who owns this building?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Dr. Tyrell?
text: Batty nods.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: He's not really my friend. I just
dialog: do a job for him now and then.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Tyrell could help us, Sebastian.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: He could?
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: His company made us.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: I'd be happy to mention it to him.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Be better if I could talk to him
dialog: in person. But he's not an easy
dialog: man to get to.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: When do you deliver your project?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: This afternoon.
text: Batty leans forward and looks right into Sebastian's
text: eyes.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Will you help us?
dialog: There's no way Sebastian could say no, even if he
dialog: wanted to.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Yes.
text: Pris sits up smiling. Mary sighs a breath of relief
text: and Batty leans back nodding in gratitude.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: I'm sure glad you found us,
dialog: Sebastian. What do you think,
dialog: Mary?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I don't think there is another
dialog: human being in this whole world
dialog: who would have helped us.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Pris?
text: Pris gets up and comes to Sebastian and kisses him.
text: That has a lot of impact. Sebastian looks around try-
dialog: ing to keep the tears from coming.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: You're our best and only friend.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: INT. DECKARD'S APARTMENT BEDROOM - DAY 81
text: Rachael is lying across the bed in one of Deckard's
text: shirts, her chin over the edge, her eyes moving around
text: the room. Deckard lies next to her. Looking like a
text: man who died a voluptuous death.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: When was the last time you cleaned
dialog: this place?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Hmmm?
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Have you ever cleaned your
dialog: apartment?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Don't be fooled by appearances.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: It appears to be dirty -- why don't
dialog: you get somebody?
text: He rolls over to admire her legs.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Because they would ruin the
dialog: arrangement.
text: He kisses the back of her thigh.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: They could clean around the
dialog: arrangement.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I don't like people snooping around
dialog: my stuff.
text: He kisses her other thigh, gets up and goes into the
dialog: bathroom.
speaker_heading: DECKARD'S VOICE
text: There's a vacuum in the front room
dialog: closet is you wanna give it a try.
text: Rachael lies there a moment, then gets up and goes into
text: the front room and opens the closet door. The vacuum is
text: not easy to get to, but finally she wrestles it out. As
text: she starts to plug it in --
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Oh no, don't do that.
text: He's wrapped in a sheet, watching her from the doorway.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: But if I don't plug it in how can
dialog: I...
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Never mind the plug, just go
dialog: through the motions.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: But then how can you...
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I don't like the noise. Just
dialog: practice. Practice makes perfect.
text: She stares at him like he's nuts.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I'm serious. Go ahead. Show me
dialog: how you would do it.
text: Reluctantly she makes some half-hearted passes with the
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: How about under the couch there.
dialog: Come on.
text: She bends over to get it. Deckard pulls up a chair and
text: sits down with his chin in his hands. She looks back
text: at him.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: This feels stupid.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Good for a smart girl to feel
dialog: stupid. Part of your education.
text: She drops the vacuum and sits on the floor. Deckard
text: gets up and comes towards her. Her eyes travel halfway
text: down his sheet and she leaves.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: You're sick, Deckard.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: I never felt better.
scene_heading: EXT. TYRELL PRESERVE - DUSK 82
text: Mansion and opulent grounds. Sebastian's humble truck
text: parked among richer relations, including a spinner and
dialog: a 1928 Dusenberg.
scene_heading: EXT. TYRELL MANSION - DUSK 83
text: The den. It contains a collection of big game trophies,
text: and among all this sits Sebastian very straight and
text: proper with an "egg" the size of a basketball in his
dialog: lap.
dialog: Old Hannibal Chew was right, the rich make you wait.
text: Sebastian stands and carefully makes his way between
text: the trophies to a window with a view of the grounds.
scene_heading: EXT. TYRELL MANSION POOL - DUSK 84
text: Tyrell's young WIFE sits on the diving board watching
text: her husband in the pool with their youngest TOT. And
text: two older LADS swim around trying to outdo each other
dialog: for their dad's attention.
text: From the sidelines an old servant pauses to watch the
text: fun, then continues with a tray of mugs towards the
dialog: house.
scene_heading: EXT. PLATEAU - DUSK 85
text: And beyond on a plateau overlooking the grounds, a
text: figure stands watching, waiting like a bird of prey.
scene_heading: EXT. TYRELL PRESERVE - DUSK 86
text: On a gravel path between shrubs of winter roses, Tyrell
text: turns to observe the last quiet light over his kingdom.
text: The moment is sweetened by the LOW PLAINTIVE BELLOW of
text: one of the animals.
text: He strolls by an old gardener who tips his cap, pro-
text: ceeds up the steps and into his mansion.
scene_heading: INT. TYRELL DEN - NIGHT 87
text: Next to a tray of cookies and milk, Sebastian sits pa-
text: tiently with the "egg" in his lap. As the door opens
text: he gets to his feet expectantly. It's STYLES, Tyrell's
dialog: bodyguard. He could play the Giant in Jack and The
dialog: Beanstalk.
speaker_heading: STYLES
dialog: Okay, I'll take that now.
dialog: Sebastian would rather put it in the boss's hands, but
text: Styles takes it and is almost through the door when
text: Sebastian stops him.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Wait!
dialog: He almost forgot.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Can't fly without the pilot.
text: Sebastian hands him a little box. Styles stuffs it in
text: his pocket and shuts the door behind him.
scene_heading: EXT. TYRELL PRESERVE - NIGHT 88
text: Motionless and monumental, six buffalo stand like stat-
text: ues in the grass. Suddenly they swing their shaggy
text: heads to watch something pass.
text: In the dark silence Batty stops to look at the curious
text: beasts and then moves soundlessly towards the mansion.
scene_heading: INT. TYRELL DINING ROOM - NIGHT 89
text: It's a medieval-sized hall. The piece de resistance is
text: an 18th Century, English painting of an Arab stallion,
text: gleaming like coal over the CRACKLING fireplace.
text: The entire family is seated at the table which glitters
text: for the festive occasion. Presents gathered around the
dialog: oldest child.
text: Styles hands the "egg" to Tyrell. A hush falls over
text: the table. This is Dad's big present. Tyrell sets is
text: down before the boy.
text: IAN is a fresh, slim lad who is ten today. He looks up
text: at his father, then, beaming, pries open the "egg's"
text: hinged lid. Tyrell's hand goes to his pocket and the
text: griffon steps out of the shell.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Oh!
text: Basically an avian invention, it has wings and plumage,
text: the head of an eagle, the body of a lion and weighs no
text: more than eight pounds. It cranes its neck and testing
text: its balance, stands on one leg and then hops to the
text: edge of the table and into the air.
text: The littlest tot claps her hands as the griffon beats
text: its wings rapidly and rises towards the ceiling. Turn-
text: ing in a forty-five degree, it suddenly drops into a
dialog: dive.
text: Delighted, the children shriek and scream as the griffon
text: swoops over their crouching heads and sails the length
text: of the hall -- its silhouette flickering briefly over
text: the ancestral portraits of the Tyrell clan.
text: Reaching the end of the room, it banks sharply and
text: flies back towards the table, cups its wings, spreads
text: its tail and comes in for an awkward landing. They're
text: laughing and clapping as it waddles down the table and
text: knocks over a glass and stops in front of Ian.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Papa! Did you make this?
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: No. We can make man, but not a
dialog: griffon.
text: He bends down and kisses his wife.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Have to give the cottage industry
dialog: a chance too.
text: Pleased he excuses himself and heads for the den.
scene_heading: INT. TYRELL DEN - NIGHT 90
text: Tyrell comes in and sits behind his desk. Sebastian
text: hands down the invoices. Tyrell glances over them and
text: writes out a check.
text: He looks up to hand it over when he sees Batty against
text: the wall, by the door. For a fraction of a second he's
text: shocked, but recovers fast.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: A friend of yours, Sebastian?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Yes, this is someone who wants to
dialog: talk to you, Dr. Tyrell.
text: Batty smiles.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: The name is Batty. Roy Batty.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Oh?
text: Very slowly Tyrell's hand moves towards the back side
text: of the desk.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: To act without understanding could
dialog: lead to the very thing the act
dialog: seeks to avoid.
text: What's in Batty's eyes completes the warning. Tyrell
text: decides to heed it.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: A little talk it all I need.
text: Tyrell looks at Sebastian. Considers consequences.
dialog: Back to Batty.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Would you like to talk in private
dialog: then.
text: Batty thinks it over.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Yeah. It might be better if we
dialog: talk in private, Sebastian. Why
dialog: don't you go home.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Here's your check, my boy. Thank
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Thank you, Dr. Tyrell. I'll see
dialog: you later.
text: He slips out closing the door behind him. Opens it
text: again and sticks his head it.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Was everything okay?
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Just beautiful.
text: He's gone.
text: If Tyrell is scared he's doing a good job of concealing
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: I'm surprised you didn't come to
dialog: me sooner.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: It's not an easy thing to meet
dialog: your maker.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: And what can he do for you?
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Can the maker repair what he makes?
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Would you like to be modified?
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Had in mind something a little more
dialog: radical.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: What's the problem?
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Death.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: I'm afraid that's a little out of
dialog: my...
text: Batty cuts in with a whisper.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: I want more life, fucker.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Come here.
text: Batty walks forward.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Sit down.
dialog: Batty does.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: The facts of life. I'll be blunt.
dialog: To make an alteration in the
dialog: evolvement of an organic life
dialog: system, at least by men, makers
dialog: or not, it fatal. A coding sequence
dialog: can't be revised once it's
dialog: established.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Because by the second day of
dialog: incubation any cells that have
dialog: undergone reversion mutation give
dialog: rise to revertant colonies -- like
text: rats leaving a sinking ship. The
text: ship sinks.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: What about E.M.S. recombination?
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: We've already tried it -- ethyl
dialog: methane sulfonate is an alkylating
dialog: agent and a potent mutagen -- it
dialog: creates a virus so lethal the
dialog: subject was destroyed before we
text: left the table.
text: Batty nods grimly.
speaker_heading: BATTY
text: Then a repressor protein that blocks
dialog: the operating cells.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Wouldn't obstruct replication, but
text: it does give rise to an error in
dialog: replication, so that the newly
dialog: formed DNA strand carries a
dialog: mutation and you're got a virus
dialog: again... but all this is academic
dialog: -- you are made as good as we could
dialog: make you.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: But not to last.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Put it this way. Rolls Royces are
dialog: made to last -- as least they were.
dialog: But I'm afraid you're a Ferrari.
text: A high strung racing car -- built
dialog: to win, not to last.
text: Batty smiles bitterly.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Also you're too valuable to
dialog: experiment with.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: I am?
text: Tyrell can't help a flash of pride.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
text: The bast of all possible androids.
dialog: We're proud of our prodigal son --
dialog: glad you're returned. You're quite
dialog: a prize.
text: Shoulders hunched, Batty looks down, an uncharacteristic
text: note of guilt in his voice.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: I've done some questionable things.
speaker_heading: TYRELL
dialog: Also extraordinary things.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Nothing the God of biomechanics
dialog: wouldn't let you in heaven for.
text: They share a laugh. In spite of himself, there's a look
text: of relief in Tyrell's face as Batty extends his hand.
text: Tyrell takes it and they shake. The reverence in Bat-
text: ty's eyes caused Tyrell a fatherly smile. The smile
text: turns into a growl as he feels the bones in his hands
text: crack. Before the scream comes out of his mouth, Batty
text: stifles it.
text: Tyrell claws at the iron fingers, but they're sinking
text: into his face. Placing his other hand behind Tyrell's
text: head, Batty squeezes them together and squashes the
text: man's head like a melon. The mess is not small.
text: Palms up, like a surgeon, Batty walks to the drapes and
text: wipes off the gore and without looking back, strolls out
dialog: of the room.
scene_heading: INT. TYRELL - HALL TO KITCHEN - NIGHT 90A
text: Styles is coming down the hall. He sees Batty coming
text: towards him. Styles looks at him curiously, this is not
text: one of the guests. As they close, Batty smiles.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Could you tell me where the
dialog: bathroom is?
text: Styles doesn't get a chance to answer. Batty's hand has
text: torn into his crotch. The man is lifted off the floor,
text: up the wall and held a moment. Whatever is encased in
text: his pelvis is pulverized. Batty lets go. Styles hits
text: the floor. He died of shock. Grinding his teeth, Batty
text: continues towards the SOUNDS OF THE FESTIVITIES.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - NIGHT 91
text: The birthday cake has arrived, the candles lit. They're
text: waiting for Dad. Mrs. Tyrell looks around to find Batty
text: observing from the doorway.
text: A little startled, a little curious, but ever the cor-
text: porate wife, she smiles.
scene_heading: MRS. TYRELL
dialog: May I help you?
text: Batty smiles back and shakes his head in mock regrets.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT 92
text: In the sink the faucet is on. The water pink with
text: blood. Batty is washing his hands.
text: A portly maid emerges from the pantry. Batty looks up.
text: She stops, embarrassed at being caught. Her eyes no-
text: tice drops of blood on the floor and follow them to the
text: door. When she looks back, Batty is right in front of
dialog: her.
scene_heading: INT. DECKARD'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 93
text: Books scattered on the bed. Rachael sitting cross-
text: legged with one in her lap, looking through exquisite
text: shots of nature. Deckard is next to her, watching her
text: like a lover, like a father.
speaker_heading: DECKARD (V.O.)
dialog: She'd never seen the great outdoors.
dialog: Never even seen books on the
dialog: subject. She went through
dialog: everything I had, and we talked.
dialog: And there were subjects we didn't
dialog: discuss and they were words we
dialog: didn't say, I couldn't say, like
text: death, like future, like real. But
dialog: it was hard because she was curious
dialog: and full of questions. She was
dialog: more alive than anyone I'd ever
dialog: known.
text: She looks up stunned by the beauty of a photo, but with
text: no need to comment. It's in her eyes. She stares at
text: him, a revelation taking shape.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: You and I are good friends, huh?
text: He considers it and she stares at him, smiling at the
dialog: wonder of it.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: It's so easy.
text: Convinced and not convinced, he nods his head. She
text: laughs at his solemnity. She's irresistible. Deckard's
dialog: pretty irresistible himself.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Have you ever known anybody a long
dialog: time?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: You mean a woman?
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: What's a long time?
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Ten years.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Nope. Nobody could stand me that
dialog: long.
text: The CHIME on the PHONE next to the bed GOES OFF. He
text: reaches out and brings it to his ear.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: This is Bryant. Are you alone?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: She's not with you?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Who.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: Take a number. Canapt 1700, tenth
dialog: floor, Villa Vita District, Olympia
dialog: South.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Got it.
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: Okay, here it is. Eldon Tyrell, his
dialog: family and half his staff were just
text: massacred. The cat is about to get
text: out of the bag. Pressure is
text: definitely on. The Nexus program
dialog: is terminated. When you finish
dialog: there, locate Nexus designated Rachael
dialog: and retire.
text: Deckard says nothing.
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: If you don't, we will. It has to
dialog: be total, Deckard. That's an order
dialog: from as high as it comes. Got it?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Yeah. I got it.
speaker_heading: BRYANT
dialog: Go.
text: He hangs up the receiver and gets up. She watches him
text: from the bed. The gun goes into his belt. He loads
text: the ankle job and straps it on. She watches every move.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Why do you call it retire, why
dialog: don't you call it murder?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Because it's not.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Don't you think anything that can
dialog: suffer deserves to be considered?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Andies only simulate suffering --
dialog: if they're programmed for it.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: Do you think I simulated what
dialog: happened between us?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: No, I don't.
text: Without looking at her, he puts on his jacket.
text: He's standing in the middle of the floor with his back
text: to her. He turns and they're facing one another.
text: Neither of them moves.
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Don't leave here. Don't open the
dialog: door, don't answer the phone.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: What difference will it make?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Just wait here.
text: He goes to the door.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: You know what I think?
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: That some of the folks around here
dialog: are more programmed then me.
text: He has to laugh.
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: You know what else I think?
speaker_heading: DECAKRD
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RACHAEL
dialog: This was the best day of my life.
text: He turns and goes through the door.
scene_heading: INT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 94
text: Sebastian is putting his work table in order, but his
text: mind is not with it and his hands are trembling.
text: Batty, Pris and Mary are on the other side of the room
text: talking: their voices low.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Let's go while there is still
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Anywhere.
text: Batty smiles.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: What's the point?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Not to be trapped.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: You underestimate the trap, Mary.
text: Sebastian has almost reached the door.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Where are you going, Sebastian?
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Just thought I'd...
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: No, you stay here with us. Out
dialog: last night together.
text: They all watch.
text: Sebastian walks away from the door.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Think of yourself as a light, Mary.
dialog: Shine before you're turned off.
text: She's too fragile for that logic, but it appeals to
text: Pris. She and Batty hold a look that burns.
text: Sebastian is by the window.
speaker_heading: SEBASTIAN
dialog: Someone is coming here.
text: Batty goes to the window and looks down.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: One man.
dialog: (he smiles)
dialog: He must be good.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Then go get him.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: That wouldn't be very sporting.
text: Sebastian looks ready to bolt. Batty puts an arm
text: around him.
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: I want to do it.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Okay, but don't kill him. Save a
dialog: little for everybody. A
dialog: masterpiece.
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Turn out the lights, Pris.
scene_heading: EXT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 95
text: In the dim, nocturnal light, Deckard crosses into the
text: courtyard fronting the building and stops. He looks
text: around. Nobody there, just silence.
text: He comes closer to the building and stands in the sha-
text: dows off to one side of the entry.
text: His head jerks up to the SOUND OF CRASHING GLASS.
text: Sebastian comes hurtling down and explodes into the
text: pavement thirty feet below.
text: Deckard's eyes move up the line of descent, the shat-
text: tered window on the next-to-top floor.
scene_heading: INT. SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT LOBBY - NIGHT 96
text: Not much to see, But Deckard misses none of it as he
text: crosses the floor and positions himself in the spot of
text: least exposure. He looks around. Elevator and stair-
dialog: well.
text: Close to the wall, he moves towards the elevator, keep-
text: ing an eye on the stairwell door.
text: Stepping to one side, he hits the button. The elevator
text: door slides open. He reaches in, presses a button and
text: as the doors slide shut, Deckard slips a pen between
text: the doors, jamming the operation.
text: Deckard's shoes and soundless as he quickly crosses the
text: lobby floor. He pauses a moment in front of the stair-
text: well door, then pushes it open and:
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL, SEBASTIAN'S APARTMENT - NIGHT 97
text: Steps into the dark on the other side. Suddenly he
text: spins, dropping to the floor, and FIRES three times in-
text: to the figure hovering to his left.
text: The man is hanging off the floor, his arms locked into
text: the railing, neck broken -- with three holes in his
text: chest... but he was already dead.
text: Deckard stares at the corpse. It's Mr. Deetchum, the
text: old watchman. That RUSTLING SOUND are rats who were
text: feeding on him, scampering for safer places, Deckard
text: gets to his feet.
text: The stairway rectangles ten stories up. As his foot
text: touches the first step, a raw, terrified SCREAM shatters
text: the air. It came from below. It's the cry of a young
text: girl -- it GROWS TO A PIERCING SHRIEK AND ABRUPTLY
text: STOPS. Deckard ejects the half-used cartridge from his
text: laser, inserts a fresh one and quiet as the silence,
text: descends the basement stairs.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - NIGHT 98
text: At the bottom he faces a corridor. The FAINT HUM OF
text: MACHINERY comes from the double doors at the far end.
text: The HUM BECOMES A RATTLE by the time he gets there.
text: Each door is fitted with a small window. Deckard
text: steps to the side and peers through.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - NIGHT 99
text: It's a gym. The mirror-lined walls are cracked and
text: tarnished, the equipment atrophied from lack of use.
text: The heavier barbells have sunk into the floor. Two
text: weight-reducing machines are flapping and grinding away
text: like idiots. Deckard's eyes stop on the woman.
text: She dangles a few feet off the floor, hung by the
text: shoulders through rings suspended from the ceiling.
text: Her head is slung forward, her body limp and slightly
dialog: swaying.
text: Deckard pushes open one of the doors until it touches
text: the wall. Slowly, he advances toward the hanging figure,
text: keeping an eye on the mirror to cover surprises from the
text: door. He's not breathing hard. His heart isn't pound-
text: ing. Deckard's in his element.
text: Close enough to look up into her face, he stops. It
dialog: isn't grisly death that causes the reaction in his
text: eyes. It's the innocence of her angel face.
text: It's not something he has time to consider. In the
text: mirror behind him, he sees the door starting to open.
text: Deckard spins. He shouldn't have. Pris' legs snap up,
text: crack the laser out of his hand and clamp around his
dialog: neck.
text: Slowly, the door swings closed, but Deckard doesn't
text: notice. His carotid artery is no longer sending blood
text: to the brain. He jerks up his foot and reaches down.
text: As his fingers close around the ankle laser, Pris'
text: fingers close around his wrist. Deckard's hand opens
text: like a flower. The laser drops to the floor as his
text: eyes roll back into his head.
speaker_heading: PRIS
dialog: Naughty, naughty.
text: She lets go, but before he can fall, she rams a foot
text: into his back. He's propelled fifteen feet across the
text: room, slams into a machine and falls to the floor.
text: Pris flies off the rings and comes at him.
text: Deckard reaches out to pull himself up, but she's al-
text: ready there. Not too hard and just in the right place,
text: she kicks him in the stomach. He goes back to the
text: floor, gagging for air. Oh-so-precisely she reaches
text: out with a long index finger and flips the switch on
dialog: the machine.
text: It's a flab eliminator with a vibrator belt. Normally
text: an innocuous piece of equipment, but the motor housing
text: on this one is missing. Lots of GRINDING METAL. A
dialog: bad place for flesh and bone.
text: But that's where Deckard's hand is going. An eight-
text: year-old against a full-down man. In two more seconds
text: his hand will be ground round. Deckard tries to pull
text: his hand loose. It won't come. He yanks hard, but
text: it's welded in hers.
text: His face is twisted and strained as he raises a leg,
text: wedges his foot against her chest and pushes with all
text: his might. The hold breaks. They topple back. Deckard
text: hits the floor gulping to catch his breath. Pris is up
text: and coming for him again. She hovers over him. Deckard
text: rolls out of the way as she comes down like a pile
dialog: driver.
text: Reflexively Deckard raises his arm to protect himself.
text: Pris just smiles, takes hold of his foot and drags him
text: across the floor. She doesn't like to leave a piece of
text: work unfinished. They're going back to the machine.
text: He goes by a weight-stand of dumbbells and grabs hold.
text: It doesn't stop him. He's sliding over the floor like
text: it was ice, weight stand in tow.
text: Pris gets to the machine, yanks his foot up and forces
text: it toward the opening. Deckard sits up, a five-pound
text: dumbbell in his hand, and clobbers her in the back. It
text: knocks her off balance, but she doesn't let go of his
text: foot. She hooks out with a fist but misses. He gets
text: her with a roundhouse in the face.
text: She goes to the floor and Deckard's up, the dumbbell
text: over his head, coming down with it. Fighting for her
text: life now, Pris drives a foot into his chest. It lifts
text: him off the floor. He flies back across the gym and
text: lands in a heap.
text: No more games. Pris is furious and moving fast. She
text: rips a steel bar out of the wall and, holding it over-
text: head, charges him like a samurai. As she comes down
text: for the kill, she freezes.
text: Deckard landed near the laser. He crawls towards it.
text: As in a nightmare, it takes forever. But he gets there.
text: He reaches out and grabs the laser, rolls over and
text: takes careful aim. She charges towards him, screaming
text: her rage. He FIRES as she comes.
text: The shot amputates her left arm at the shoulder, but
text: her hand doesn't let go of the bar. It dangles crazily
text: in front of her as she charges forward.
text: He PUTS THE NEXT ONE through her neck. Pris hiccups a
text: rope of blood as she flies through the air and crashes
text: next to Deckard. Dead.
text: He lies next to her, chest heaving. Slowly he rolls
text: over and gets to his hands and knees. Panting, he stag-
text: gers to his feet and stands over her, swaying slightly.
text: The sound that escapes his throat is raspy and dry. It
text: might not sound like a war cry, but it is.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - NIGHT 100
text: Laser in hand, Deckard kicks open the swinging doors
text: and walks into the corridor, a dangerous man.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - NIGHT 101
text: Deckard arrives at the main floor landing, checks his
text: loads and continues up the stairs. He's going to shoot
dialog: the next thing that moves and find out later if he was
dialog: right or wrong.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - SECOND FLOOR - NIGHT 101A
text: On the next landing he throws the door open. His eyes
text: move down the hall, looking for prints in the dust.
text: None. He continues up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. NINTH FLOOR - NIGHT 102
text: On the ninth floor he finds what he's looking for.
text: Footprints coming and going from a door halfway down the
text: hall. He stops to the side of it and listens. Silence.
text: Deckard FIRES three quick shots through the door. If
text: somebody were on the other side of it, they aren't now.
text: He kicks the door open and dives through head first
text: and hits the floor in a roll, POURING FIRE into the
text: far corners of the room but the room is empty. There's
text: a kitchen bar, a closet and a bedroom door, both
text: closed. Deckard's breathing is the only sound. No
text: response from either door.
text: Maybe it was a sound, maybe intuition, but suddenly
text: Deckard twists around and FIRES several shots into the
text: closet. The smouldering door slowly creaks open.
text: Mary is huddled in the rear of the closet. Her hand
text: out like somebody about to catch a ball but afraid of
text: it. In her other hand she clutches a button-eyed
text: monkey. Her face is bewildered, frozen in fear, her
text: body riddled with holes. No recognition gap here.
text: Deckard SHOOTS her through the neck to make sure. Mary
text: falls to the floor, like a puppet with her strings cut.
text: Deckard backs away from the pathetic figure in the
text: closet and sits on the sofa, unable to take his eyes
dialog: off her.
text: Deckard lays the laser down next to him, holds out his
text: hand and looks at it. It's steady. He drops it in
text: his lap, closes his eyes and leans back.
text: A TAPPING from the ceiling. Deckard looks up.
text: A KNOCK -- with the proverbial DOUBLE RAP at the end.
text: A pause. Deckard jumps out of the way as the ceiling
text: gives in. Chucks on concrete and plaster hit the
text: couch where he was sitting. The hole is a couple feet
text: in diameter -- beams cracked through, exposing the
text: apartment above. Silence. Deckard wipes the plaster
text: dust from his eyes and mouth, then whispers:
speaker_heading: DECKARD
dialog: Hello, Roy.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - NINTH AND TENTH FLOOR - NIGHT 103
text: Deckard comes out onto the landing. Taking his time,
text: he climbs the steps to the next floor, the last floor.
text: He SHOOTS the hinges out of the big stairwell door,
text: pushes it with his foot and it comes down with a BANG.
text: The REVERBERATIONS turn into silence. The corridor is
text: empty.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - TENTH FLOOR - NIGHT 104
text: Moving fast but cautious, he passes each door until he
text: gest to the apartment above Sebastian's. Slowly he
text: turns the know and pushed open the door.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - TENTH FLOOR - NIGHT 105
text: Except for the hole in the middle of the floor, there's
text: nothing to see. Back against the wall, he moves to-
text: wards the bedroom, but stops at the NOISE. It sounds
text: like the HOOTING OF AN OWL and it's coming from the
dialog: hallway.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - TENTH FLOOR - NIGHT 106
text: Deckard looks around the corner of the door down the
text: hall. Batty's at the other end. Except for jockstrap
text: and gym shoes, he's nude.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: You wanna play?
text: Deckard FIRES. Batty's fast. He ducks into a doorway.
text: Pops out again.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Not very sporting to fire on an
dialog: unarmed opponent. I thought you
dialog: were supposed to be good. Aren't
dialog: you the man?!
text: The makeup on Batty's face is somewhere between a Coman-
text: che warrior and a transvestite. The immensity of his
text: insolence awesome -- the muscles of his body are swol-
text: len, trembling from the thrill of it.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: This is how we do it up there, lad!
dialog: Come on!
text: In a blue of lightning-like action, Batty whips down the
text: hall, zigzagging off the walls towards Deckard so fast
text: that Deckard gets only three SHOTS off before the blur
text: crashes through the wall on his left with a laugh.
text: Deckard stands there a moment -- digesting the impact
text: of it, then edges up to the gaping wall. Batty is be-
dialog: hind him.
text: He knees Deckard in the back and slaps him in the head.
text: Deckard goes to his knees, then over on his face.
text: Batty kneels next to him.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Not hurt, are you? You better get
dialog: it up or I'm going to have to kill
dialog: you. Unless you're alive you can't
dialog: play. And if you don't play, you
dialog: don't get to be alive.
text: Deckard's eyes are closed, mouth bleeding. He exhales
text: and makes and effort. He slides his hands up even with
text: his chest and starts to push.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: That's the spirit.
text: Like a matador, Batty walks away. By the time Deckard's
text: on his feet, Batty's disappeared through one of the
dialog: doors.
text: Deckard wipes the blood from his mouth, bends down and
text: picks up his laser, reloads and looks down the hall,
text: towards the jeering voice.
speaker_heading: BATTY'S VOICE
dialog: Come on, Deckard, show me what you
dialog: got! I'm right here on the other
dialog: side of the door. But you gotta
dialog: shoot straight 'cause I'm fast!
text: Deckard gets to the door, BLASTS it, kicks it open and
text: FIRES at Batty. But it's only the reflection of Batty.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - TENTH FLOOR - NIGHT 107
text: The full length mirror on the other side of the room
text: SHATTERS. Batty's next to him, grabs Deckard's hand
text: and steps in closer.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Straight doesn't seem to be good
dialog: enough.
text: They're face to face.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: You don't have a chance, do you?
text: In an exaggeration of weary disappointment, Batty drops
text: his head to the side.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Looks like I'm gonna have to scale
dialog: it down for you. Give you a
dialog: handicap. I won't run through any
dialog: more walls. Okay? I promise to
dialog: use the doors. Okay?
text: Deckard stares back at him, but doesn't respond. Sud-
text: denly fury storms through Batty. He throws Deckard out
text: the door, knocking him down, grabs him by the collar
text: and rams his head into the wall.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Come on, let's use that brain!
scene_heading: INT. TENTH FLOOR CORRIDOR - NIGHT 108
text: He drags him down the hall, on his knees and bangs his
text: head into the wall again.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Think! We need a little
dialog: resilience around here!
text: He yanks him further and bashes his head again.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Where are those balls of yours?!
dialog: Let's see a little bravery!
text: The storm passes.
text: Deckard hangs in Batty's hand like a bag of laundry.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: That was irrational of me -- not
dialog: to mention unsportsmanlike. Won't
dialog: happen again.
text: He drops him.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: I'll be down the hall when you're
dialog: ready.
text: Betty walks off and disappears through one of the doors.
text: Deckard gets to his knees, leans against the wall a mo-
text: ment, then punches it with his fist.
text: On his feet he's a little wobbly. Holding his breath
text: so he can hear above his own breathing, he listens. No
text: sound. No sign of Batty. The laser is laying nearby.
text: He doesn't bother.
text: Deckard is backing down the hall, quiet as he can. He
dialog: had a job to do. He would like to have done it, but
text: he's not insane. He gets to the landing and turns.
text: On the first step down, he stops. Batty's on the land-
text: ing below, looking up at him.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Where you going?
text: He wait a moment for Deckard's answer.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: No cheating. A promise is a
dialog: promise. I'll honor the
dialog: handicapped, but we gotta play on
dialog: the top floor. You go get your
dialog: laser gun now. And I'll give you
dialog: a few seconds before I come.
text: Deckard turns back into the hall. Batty smiles.
text: Deckard's running down the corridor.
speaker_heading: BATTY'S VOICE
dialog: One!
text: Halfway down the hall he finds his laser.
speaker_heading: BATTY'S VOICE
dialog: Two!
text: Deckard darts into the nearest door. The apartment
text: above Sebastian's, with the hole in the floor. Deckard
dialog: considers it.
speaker_heading: BATTY'S VOICE
dialog: No fair jumping through holes. You
dialog: might get hurt doing that! THREE!
text: Deckard dashes back into the hall, chooses another door
text: and goes in.
scene_heading: INT. TENTH FLOOR APARTMENT - NIGHT 109
text: His eyes skim over everything, looking for an advantage.
text: He throws open a door. The bathroom. The plumbing is
text: dismantled, walls stripped, revealing brick, nails
text: protruding. Too small.
scene_heading: INT. TENTH FLOOR STAIRWELL - NIGHT 110
text: Batty's coming up the steps.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Five!
scene_heading: INT. TENTH FLOOR APARTMENT - NIGHT 111
text: Deckard's looking for a corner -- a place that covers
text: the angles. He chooses the far side of the room with
text: a line to the door.
scene_heading: INT. TENTH FLOOR HALL - NIGHT 112
text: Batty's coming down the center, listening at the doors.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Six!
scene_heading: INT. TENTH FLOOR APARTMENT - NIGHT 113
text: Deckard's crouched in the corner and aimed. He looks at
text: his hand. It's trembling.
speaker_heading: BATTY'S VOICE
dialog: Seven!
scene_heading: INT. TENTH FLOOR HALL - NIGHT 114
text: Batty's standing in front of a door, listening.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Oh, I wonder where he is. Not in
dialog: here, I don't think. Eight!
text: He goes to the next door.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Maybe here. Doesn't sound like
dialog: it. Nine!
text: Batty moves to the next. The door to Deckard.
scene_heading: INT. TENTH FLOOR APARTMENT - NIGHT 115
text: Deckard's crouched lower, holding his breath -- talk
text: about a hair trigger... Silence. Batty's FEET are heard
text: CREAKING AWAY. Deckard looks around. Runs a hand over
text: the wall behind him. Batty's FEET COME BACK. A pause.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Ten!
text: The door explodes!
text: A shape hurtles across the room. Deckard pivots, fol-
text: lowing it with RAPID FIRE. It's a TV. He spins back.
text: but Batty's already on him. He gets one SHOT off be-
text: fore Batty's got his hand. There's a hole over Batty's
text: right eye. Blood running down his face, dripping on
text: Deckard. The right side of his face isn't working too
text: good. The corner of his mouth doesn't quite shut --
text: his voice comes out slurred, a little hollow.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: One point for you.
dialog: The would doesn't minimize his omnipotence, just makes
text: it more malignant. He throws Deckard against the far
text: wall. Deckard FIRES. Hits Batty in the shoulder.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Ho ho! Try it again!
text: He comes at Deckard, jerking back and forth, a cobra in
text: fast motion, faking, weaving, yelping with excitement
text: as Deckard tries to get a shot, FIRING AWAY until his
text: laser's empty. Bloody and crazed, Batty pushes up
dialog: against him.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: What's wrong? Don't you like me?
dialog: I'm what we've made!
scene_heading: INT. TENTH FLOOR HALL - NIGHT 116
text: He's backing Deckard out the door. Deckard trips and
text: falls. There's fear on his face. The strength is gone.
text: Something is starting to crack.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: What's wrong? Aren't you a lover
dialog: of Faster, Bigger and Better?!
text: Deckard's pedaling backwards over the floor.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: It's time to die.
text: Deckard throws the laser at him. It misses. Batty
text: throws his head back and laughs. A one-eyed colossus
text: about to eat the world. Suddenly he stops. His eye
text: moves over the wall.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Ah!
text: He reaches out and pinches something. His lips compress
text: as he yanks it out of the wall. It's a ten-penny nail.
text: He holds it out to Deckard and drops it. Deckard
dialog: catches it.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: That's for you.
text: One side of Batty's face smiles savagely.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Stick it in your ear and push.
dialog: If that doesn't work, try the
dialog: eye.
text: Deckard stares at the nail in his hand, then up at
dialog: his executioner.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Believe me, it'll be better
dialog: for you than what I'm about
dialog: to do.
text: Batty watches him, hoping the stimulus might inspire
text: his victim to more action. It doesn't look like it.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Well?
text: Deckard springs to his feet and bolts. But instead of
text: going for the stairwell he turns in the first available
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. TENTH FLOOR APARTMENT #2 - NIGHT 117
text: Provocation accomplished. Batty smiles and walks lei-
text: surely towards the door. Deckard's terrified scream
text: and the SOUND of GLASS CRASHING stop him. Batty speeds
text: up and moves into the room.
text: The window pane is splattered, curtains sucked out,
text: bellowing in the wind.
speaker_heading: BATTY
dialog: Crap.
text: He walks up to the window. Deckard comes away from the
text: wall, inching up behind him, laser in both hands, aimed
text: at the base of Batty's skull. Batty starts to lean
text: over, but even before his eyes see the pavement, he
text: knows. He spins...
text: Deckard FIRES again. This one goes home. Batty falls
text: like he was poleaxed, hits the floor dead weight.
text: Deckard starts to tremble. His arms go limp as his
text: head tilts back and he closes his eyes. He can breathe
dialog: again.
dialog: 
text: On the floor, Batty's hand is crawling toward Deckard's
dialog: ankle.
text: With the unsuspected abruptness of a man slipping on a
text: banana peel, Deckard comes down. Face knotted in hor-
text: ror, he EMPTIES THE LASER in Batty's body -- but the
text: hand holds on. With a screech of frustration he drops
text: the laser and like an animal claws at Batty's dead
text: fingers -- but the fingers are welded shut.
text: Deckard starts to crawl, pulling Batty behind him. He
text: struggled through the door and stumbles to his feet.
scene_heading: INT. TENTH FLOOR HALL - NIGHT 118
text: Deckard plunges down the corridor dragging Batty along.
text: He falls, gets to one foot, falls again and crawls the
text: last couple feet to the stairwell.
scene_heading: INT. TENTH FLOOR STAIRWELL - NIGHT 119
text: Groaning, he tugs and pulls, hauls and heaves Batty's
text: body to the edge of the landing. He pauses for breath,
text: then lays back, wedging his feet against Batty's shoul-
text: ders and pushes. Inch by inch the body goes over the
text: edge. Then all at once it drops. But the hand holds
text: and the weight of the body takes Deckard with it. As
text: Deckard slides over the edge, he grabs hold of the
dialog: railing.
text: Deckard's hanging three hundred feet over the basement
text: floor, supporting himself and Batty's corpse -- almost
text: four hundred pounds of stress on his fingers.
dialog: 
text: With his free foot he chops away at Batty's hand, try-
dialog: ing to break it loose. But it's not working. Deckard's
text: fingers are starting to slip.
text: His face is a mask of agony as he wedges his heel over
text: Batty's thumb. With the help of gravity and everything
text: he's got in his right leg to push with, he pushes. The
text: thumb breaks loose. Batty falls.
text: The SOUND OF HIS BODY HITTING BELOW sounds good, but
text: Deckard doesn't notice. He's in an awkward position.
text: He must reverse the way he's facing to pull himself up.
text: He lets go with his right hand and crosses it over the
text: left. Then turns the left around so he's got an over-
text: hand grip.
text: Like a man doing his last pull-up... the one that can't
text: be done, Deckard pulls himself up, throws a foot over
text: the edge and grapples and heaves and wiggled himself
text: onto the cold solid steel of the stairwell landing.
text: And lies there, body jerking spasmodically, slowly
text: clenching and unclenching his cramped hand, but it's
text: his burning cheek against the cool metal he's most aware
dialog: of.
text: Dizzy, hot, lungs on fire, he stands -- and putting one
text: foot in front of the other, Deckard descends the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. SEBASTIAN'S BUILDING - DAWN 120
text: Slowly the door pushes open and Deckard comes out into
text: the morning. The sun isn't yet risen, but the sky has
text: begun to pale. It's a brooding gray stew of a dawn not
text: very pretty, but even though he can't show it, Deckard
text: is glad to see it.
text: For a moment he tilts his head back and takes some
text: breath, then walks across the courtyard towards the
text: street, so dead on his feet he hasn't the energy to
dialog: fall.
text: Deckard slumps into the shelter of his car. The col-
text: lapses on the front seat.
scene_heading: INT. DECKARD'S BEDROOM - DAWN 121
text: In a corner of the dimness Deckard sits slumped on a
text: chair, facing the pearly gray light of the window. The
text: only SOUND in the room is the soft steady BREATHING
text: that comes from the bed.
text: Quietly he gets up and walks over to her. Rachael lies
text: sleeping, one delicate arm exposed from under the sheet.
text: Deckard stands there, bettered and grim, staring down
text: at her.
text: Moments go by and finally he sits gently on the edge of
dialog: the bed.
text: Rachael opens her eyes, and looks up at him, she smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRYSIDE (MONTAGE) - DAY 122
text: Deckard's car is skimming over the narrow highway. He
text: and Rachael in the front seat. Except for the occasion-
text: al glance, their faces are still and quiet in the cold
text: shine of an icy dream.
text: The clouds overhead are soft and swift.
speaker_heading: DECKARD (V.O.)
dialog: She wanted to go to a place I knew.
dialog: Out of the city. Like one of those
dialog: pictures she saw. Where there were
text: trees but no buildings.
text: Rachael's face in the window watching the woods stream
dialog: by.
speaker_heading: DECKARD (V.O.)
dialog: We had a good time. She told me a
dialog: funny story and I taught her a
text: song. A song about monkeys and
dialog: elephants. And it made us laugh so
dialog: hard we couldn't sing.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS (MONTAGE) - DAY 123
text: Deckard and Rachael walking. The land lays white and
text: hushed before them.
text: Down an aisle of maples and beeches. The frosty light
text: slanting through the clean, hard limbs.
text: The crisp, blue-white snow underfoot melted through in
text: spots exposing soggy patches of rich brown earth.
text: Rachael stops and faces him. Her lips are parted, her
text: warm breath turning the cold air to vapor. Looking
text: lithe and fragile by these barren-rooted trees, she
text: stands in the crisp white snow looking at Deckard.
text: Nothing in her retreats, even now her eyes insist on
dialog: knowing.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY 124
text: Deckard walking over the snow. Alone. He walks slowly,
text: mechanically through the cold, unaffected by it. His
text: gaunt face, empty of expression except for the tears
text: running down his pale cheeks.
text: But for the SQUEAK of his wet shoes over the crusted
text: snow, there is no sound. And Deckard recedes into the
text: silence of the freezing white landscape.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT 125
text: Deckard's car, solid, THROBBING, GUNNING along like
text: some metal animal. Headlights piercing the dark of the
text: long, flat road. WHISTLING speed of air and tires spin-
text: ning THRUM. And then silence. And the silence
text: astounded by the CRACK OF A GUN.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - NIGHT 126
text: Deckard is behind the wheel, face in shadow, eyes star-
text: ing straight ahead.
speaker_heading: DECKARD (V.O.)
dialog: I told myself over and over again,
dialog: if I hadn't done it, they would
dialog: have.
dialog: I didn't go back to the city, not
dialog: that city, I didn't want the job.
dialog: She said the great advantage of
dialog: being alive was to have a choice.
dialog: And she chose. And a part of me
dialog: was almost glad. Not because she
dialog: was gone but because this way they
dialog: could never touch her.
dialog: As for Tyrell -- he was murdered,
text: but he wasn't dead. For a long
dialog: time I wanted to kill him. But
dialog: what was the point? There were too
text: many Tyrells. But only one Rachael.
dialog: Maybe real and unreal could never
dialog: be separated. The secret never
dialog: found. But I got as close with
dialog: her as I'd ever come to it. She'd
dialog: stay with me a long time. I guess
dialog: we made each other real.
text: And the ruby lights of Deckard's car disappear into
dialog: the darkness.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
