speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: 
dialog: By Jeff Wadlow
dialog: Revisions by Eric Heisserer
dialog: Inspired by the Valiant Comic
dialog: 06.25.15
speaker_heading: B L ° ° D s H ° T
text: The MUSIC of machines. Gigantic. Alien. Creating some kind
text: of electrical conduit. PULL BACK TO REVEAL:
text: A sprawling network. As far as the eye can see. Slowly being
text: built by the mechanical creatures. BACK FARTHER TO REVEAL:
text: The surface of a strange planet. Rolling grey hills covered
text: in winding blue rivers. Like a human brain. STILL FARTHER:
text: Into a black abyss. Could be outer space, but it’s not...
text: it’s the pupil of an eye. It belongs to RAY GARRISON, 30s.
text: And he is dead.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (Cantonese, subtitled)
dialog: Initiate sequence.
text: CUT TO: STROBING LIGHT. The sun blasts between overhead
text: vegetation as we drive quickly through --
scene_heading: EXT. ANDES MOUNTAINS, COLOMBIA - DAY
text: The glare doesn’t bother Garrison. He rides in the back of a
text: dilapidated truck -- alive and well -- for now.
text: Despite his every-man demeanor and rugged good-looks,
text: Garrison's clear eyes betray a sharp intellect... a guy’s guy
dialog: who knows how to get the job done.
text: A F.A.R.C. GUERRILLA sits across from him, AK-47 pointed
text: right at Garrison. The truck hits a bump -- and another --
text: the guerrilla’s finger rests tentatively on the trigger...
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: (Spanish, subtitled)
dialog: Mind pointing that somewhere else? Rather
dialog: not die by pot-hole.
text: The guard doesn’t flinch. Garrison laughs it off as the truck
dialog: pulls into --
scene_heading: EXT. GUERRILLA CAMP - DAY
text: Three dozen COMMUNIST REVOLUTIONARIES get to their feet. Two
text: GUARDS hang back, watching over a bound HOSTAGE.
text: Garrison notices. Gives the trio (hostage+guards) a wave.
text: Note: dialogue in italics is subtitled.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: Love how you guys settle domestic disputes
dialog: here. Old school.
text: From the truck a CRATE emerges. Garrison pops the lid,
text: revealing: cases of 9mm shells.
speaker_heading: GARRISON (CONT’D)
text: Ahead of the R&D curve here with depleted
dialog: uranium rounds. Melt anything they touch:
dialog: metal, kevlar, capitalism.
text: The guerrilla LEADER examines the bullets.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: How much for the crate?
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: A gift. Viva la revolucién!
speaker_heading: REBELS
dialog: Viva la revolucién!
text: Garrison's playing to the crowd -- and they’re loving it. All
text: except a particularly UGLY guerrilla.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: And the next crate?
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: Is not a gift.
text: Both men smile. Capitalism is doing just fine. Soldiers
text: descend on the crate like wolves, loading their weapons with
text: the next gen ammunition.
text: POP OUT TO: SNIPER POV of Garrison and the guerrilla leader.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.C.)
text: Kill Team Two, eyes on target.
scene_heading: NEAR THE HOSTAGE
text: The guards watch their brothers hoard the ammo. Pretty soon
text: it will all be gone. Garrison wanders over, offers some
dialog: friendly advice:
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: Better get it while you can...
text: Don’t have to tell them twice. The guards quickly join the
text: throng, fighting for their share of the ammo. After a beat,
text: Garrison discretely CUTS THE ROPES tying the Hostage down.
speaker_heading: GARRISON (CONT’D)
dialog: (harsh whisper)
dialog: Stay close to me and -- wait.
text: In a pure panic, the American RUNS for the woods ahead.
text: Garrison starts after him as he barks into his comm unit:
speaker_heading: GARRISON (CONT’D)
dialog: Get ready to go loud.
text: The guerrilla leader is loading his rifle when he sees:
text: his prize hostage running into the brush.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: The American -- he's escaping!
text: The leader's body suddenly LURCHES to the ground, hit by a
text: sniper round.
text: And then a SECOND REBEL is kicked to the ground by another
text: CRACK of a shot. Unseen sniper teams unload on the rebels.
text: Guerrillas return but their weapons lock up.
text: One REBEL behind cover ejects his magazine and yanks out a
dialog: round of ammo to discover:
speaker_heading: OBSERVANT REBEL
dialog: No blasting caps! Don't use the ammo --
text: BACK TO: Garrison, in pursuit of the Hostage --
text: Then he sees that ugly rebel RUN down the --
speaker_heading: MOUNTAINSIDE
text: The hostage SPRINTS through the brush -- terrified -- looks
text: back and sees -- that ugly rebel -- closing in -- bowie knife
text: in hand.
text: The hostage panics -- STUMBLES into a ravine -- can’t escape -
dialog: - no choice but to hide.
text: Ugly slides into the ravine... searching for the hidden
text: hostage. Getting closer... 10 feet... 5 feet... right as he’s
text: about to discover the hostage --
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.C.)
dialog: Viva la revolucién!
text: It’s Garrison, running towards him. Ugly readies his blade --
text: Ugly LUNGES -- but in one swift motion Garrison SIDE-STEPS --
text: GRABS Ugly’s wrist -- FLIPS the knife -- and DRIVES it into
text: Ugly’s belly -- dropping him next to the hostage -- dead.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: Mr. Sachs, I’m with the Navy Seal hostage
dialog: rescue team -- we’re here to take you home.
text: SACHS is clearly in shock, scared even of Garrison -- days of
dialog: torture make everyone seem predatory --
text: GUNFIRE and SHOUTS from the camp -- in a few seconds it will
dialog: be too much for Garrison to fight.
speaker_heading: SNIPER (V.O.)
dialog: Position is compromised. Sir --
text: Yet Garrison pulls out a SMARTPHONE and shows it to Sachs:
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: Hey. Hey. Look at this. Your family is
dialog: waiting for you. Back home.
text: A beautiful, teary-eyed WIFE and six-year-old SON talk into
text: the phone’s camera, their tinny voices just beyond earshot
dialog: for us, but Sachs hears them.
text: His eyes focus. He holds the phone, staring at them. We do
dialog: catch a little bit from the recording:
speaker_heading: BOY (V.O.)
dialog: Come home, Daddy!
speaker_heading: SNIPER (V.O.)
dialog: (in Garrison’s comm)
dialog: You need to move now, lieutenant!
text: But Garrison puts a gentle hand on Sachs’ shoulder:
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: Let’s get you back there.
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARING, ANDES MOUNTAINS - DAY
text: An OSPREY HELICOPTER hovers as Garrison emerges from the
text: brush with the hostage. Sniper teams cover them as Garrison
text: clips in -- winch pulling them to safety. Off the rescued
text: hostage’s relieved face -- CUT TO:
text: The SON’s face. Watching as a C-17 CARGO PLANE touches down.
text: POP OUT TO REVEAL:
scene_heading: EXT. CORONADO NAVAL BASE, SAN DIEGO - AFTERNOON
text: The plane comes to a halt. Bay doors open... and Garrison's
text: team steps out. Families are waiting in the parking lot.
text: Wives welcome their men back. Children run into their
text: fathers’ arms. Sachs is reunited with his family.
text: But there’s no one there to meet Garrison. He jokes with his
text: teammates, exchanging good-byes as he walks off alone.
text: Suddenly a ‘66 Chevy pick-up SCREECHES to a stop -- driver's
text: side door WHIPS open as GINA GARRISON, 20s, jumps out --
text: tackles Garrison in her embrace. As they smile and smooch --
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: You’re late.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: You're early.
dialog: You know that thing each couple has? That's theirs.
scene_heading: EXT. SILVER STRAND BLVD - SUNSET
text: The Chevy RACES down the highway, water glistening on both
text: sides of the road... almost too beautiful to be real. Gina
text: drives. Garrison listens to the engine, watches her.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: When you gonna let me buy you a truck born
dialog: in this century?
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: When this beauty finally dies on me. Until
dialog: then, I’m a loyal girl.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: At least let me drive us to TJ.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Because it’s so much like Florence.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: (playing along)
text: Florence has the Duomo, TJ has the donkey
dialog: show.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: We had our honeymoon in Mexico... so, it’s
dialog: not that bad.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: But it’s not your dream. We'll have a big
dialog: getaway soon... I promise.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Not with your job, no sir.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: I‘1l make time for it. Once you get
dialog: pregnant --
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: You ready to be the stay-at-home dad?
text: She grins at him, playful. Garrison grins back.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: I’‘1l have to retire early, then. Or is that
dialog: your whole plan?
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: I’m a proud supporter of any plan that
dialog: keeps you close to home. Until then,
dialog: lieutenant, we'll just have to practice
dialog: making babies -- a lot.
text: He kisses her on the neck as they ROAR towards the border.
text: She's trying to keep one eye on the road, but damn does he do
text: a good job of distracting her.
scene_heading: EXT. TIJUANA STREETS - NIGHT
text: Day of the Dead celebration is in full effect. Brightly
text: colored paper maché skeletons. Coffins over-flowing with
text: carnations. Children in skull face paint.
text: A FIRE-BREATHER shoots a stream of flames into the night sky--
scene_heading: INT. TJ HOTEL ROOM
text: The orange fire-light glows outside the window to this hotel
text: room, where Gina turns down the sheets.
dialog: Drifting into the --
speaker_heading: BATHROOM
text: Garrison stands in front of the mirror, shirtless. His chest
text: is a roadmap of old scars. He’s inspecting a potential new
dialog: one; some scrape he got in Colombia.
text: Gina enters, snakes her arms around him.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: Yeah, just grazed my pride is all.
dialog: Maybe I’m losing my touch.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Oh, you got plenty of moves, husband.
text: She grapples him around the waist and neck.
speaker_heading: GINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Show me how you get out of this one.
text: Garrison smiles -- this is their foreplay.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: Well, you step into their space --
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Oh I like that --
text: He plants a foot between hers, puts his hands on her arms --
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: Then you just twist, and --
text: In a slow spin, he’s twirled her around and grappled her in a
dialog: similar fashion.
text: Gina distracts him with a kiss, and as he starts to get lost
dialog: in that sensuality --
text: She tips him off-balance and then yanks him out of the
text: bathroom door, tossing him onto --
speaker_heading: THE BED
text: -- where she descends on him, only to be partially pinned as
text: Garrison pulls at her cotton top.
scene_heading: EXT. TIJUANA STREETS - NIGHT
text: The celebration is louder now; more crowded and full of
text: music. There’s something chaotic and intense about the energy
text: in the streets. A manic parade.
scene_heading: INT. TJ HOTEL - INTERCUT WITH ABOVE
dialog: Just as intense, but full of a different energy -- passion --
text: Ray and Gina make love. Their skin glistens with sweat... but
text: they’re not done. Not yet. The festival builds as their
text: bodies collide until --
speaker_heading: LATER
text: The pre-dawn light shines through the window. The street
text: below is quiet. They lie in each others arms... somewhere
text: between awake and dreaming.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Who do you think our kid would look like?
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: She better look like you. ‘Cause me in a
dialog: dress ain’t pretty.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: She?
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: It's less surprising that I’ve worn a dress
dialog: than I said “she?”
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: You do like to work undercover...
text: Garrison pulls the sheets up as Gina giggles.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: I do my best work under cover...
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: I’m serious --
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: I don’t know... just always assumed I'd
dialog: have a little girl. Teach her to play
dialog: guitar... to stand up for herself... walk
text: her down the aisle...
text: Gina traces her fingers over his Navy Seal tattoo.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: I feel sorry for the boy who shows up for
dialog: that first date...
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: If he shows up, he’ll be the bravest kid in
dialog: school.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Or the dumbest.
dialog: (hopeful)
dialog: If you really want to be a father...
text: Garrison is torn, but the truth comes out:
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: I got a few more years of the work in me.
text: Gina’s smile fades.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: I know. I’m not pushing you.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: I just can’t be both.
text: Meaning both a SEAL and a father.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Yeah...
dialog: (then)
dialog: Besides, I think I love tequila too much to
dialog: quit anytime soon.
text: They cuddle close again, but now they both stare off in
text: different directions, each preoccupied with a what-if...
scene_heading: EXT. TIJUANA STREETS - DAY
text: The remnants of the festival litter the street. Scattered
text: paper maché skulls stare back... smiling faces of death.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Garrison WAKES with a start. He rolls over to find...
text: nothing. No one. Gina’s gone.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: Gina...?
text: No response. He gets up. Searches the room... until he finds:
text: a note, scrawled on the back of a receipt.
dialog: Went to get us breakfast, back soon. Practice makes perfect.
text: Garrison breathes a sigh of relief. Sits for a moment. Lost
dialog: in his own thoughts...
speaker_heading: GARRISON (V.O., PRE-LAP) (CONT’D)
dialog: Sorry to call so early. Just needed to
dialog: talk...
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL BALCONY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Garrison’s on the balcony, leaving a voicemail.
speaker_heading: GARRISON (INTO PHONE)
text: Thinking about getting out of the field,
dialog: taking that instructor’s post. Anyway...
dialog: give me a shout.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BATHROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Garrison’s in the shower, hears Gina return.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: You’re late!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hey -- I said, “You’re late!”
text: Garrison peeks out of the shower curtain --
speaker_heading: GARRISON (CONT’D)
dialog: “You're early?”
text: He spots someone in the mirror-- and it ain’t Gina.
text: Two men in street clothes clear the room like PROS. Move to
text: the bathroom, aim M7 Trang pistols at the shower -- DARTS
text: perforate the curtain. Then -- nothing.
text: PRO ONE covers Pro Two as he steps into the bathroom...
text: shower BLASTING... reaches out... WHIPS the curtain back and
dialog: finds -- nothing. Huh?
text: Suddenly he’s PUNCHED in the junk by Garrison, huddled on the
text: floor of the tub taking cover.
text: Pro Two crumbles -- Garrison GRABS his shirt -- SLAMS his
text: face into the tub -- HARD. Pro One fires -- Garrison uses Pro
text: Two's body as a shield -- takes his weapon and returns.
text: They empty their clips. Pro One reloads -- Garrison doesn’t
text: hesitate -- RIPS down the shower curtain and CHARGES --
text: Garrison attacks -- soaking wet and completely naked.
text: Lightning-fast, hand-to-hand. Garrison uses the shower
dialog: curtain to deflect blows and disorient --
text: Pro One LUNGES at Garrison -- who quickly sidesteps so that
text: Pro One inadvertently CRASHES through the window and onto the
text: balcony, buying Garrison enough time to SPRINT into the --
scene_heading: HOTEL HALLWAY
text: Where he accidentally SLAMS into a stunned AUSSIE tourist --
text: more than a little shocked by the butt-naked Garrison.
speaker_heading: AUSSIE
dialog: Think you forgot a few things, friend.
text: The aussie tourist tries to help Garrison to his feet -- but
text: then STABS Garrison with an auto injector.
dialog: 
text: A shocked Garrison tries to run... but his legs lock-up...
text: his vision... cloudy... finally he collapses as we -- CUT TO:
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: BLACKNESS
text: Then... Led Zeppelin, Stairway to Heaven. Guitar RIPPING.
text: Blackness becomes blinding white light as a hood comes off.
dialog: 
text: Garrison opens his eyes... can’t adjust to the glare. The
text: music. It’s overwhelming.
speaker_heading: AUSSIE
text: Back from the dead.
text: Garrison tries to get his bearings... in some kind of:
speaker_heading: BARN
text: Can’t see much... interrogation light is intense... music is
text: grating. In front of him is that aussie tourist.
speaker_heading: AUSSIE
dialog: Zeppelin, absolute genius.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: Who...
speaker_heading: AUSSIE
dialog: Led Zeppelin. Jimmy Page, Robert --
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: «.-are you?
speaker_heading: AUSSIE
dialog: I’m the guy who ruined your vacation.
text: Garrison’s color is coming back -- confidence returning.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: Well, I’m the guy who makes less than a
dialog: public school teacher, so if you’re looking
dialog: for a ransom --
speaker_heading: AUSSIE
dialog: Oh, I don’t need money.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: Then... what?
speaker_heading: AUSSIE
dialog: Information. About your missions in
dialog: Colombia?
dialog: Shit. This isn’t just some Mexican ransom play...
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: AUSSIE (CONT'D)
dialog: See, friend, I make a very good living
text: selling weapons to the FARC guerrillas. But
dialog: when there’s instability in the FARC,
dialog: there’s instability in my business.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: Well, your business ain’t getting any more
dialog: stable, ‘cause all you’re getting out of me
dialog: is name, rank, and a hearty helping of go-
dialog: fuck-yourself.
speaker_heading: AUSSIE
dialog: Oh, but we’re serving something much
dialog: tastier tonight...
text: Aussie gives the cue and his GUYS drag in Gina. Bound and
text: gagged, she’s scared out of her mind. Garrison goes white --
speaker_heading: AUSSIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Those brass balls just got a whole lot
dialog: softer.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: I’m about to tell you the God’s honest
dialog: truth: I’m a professional, like you. All I
dialog: care about is getting the job done and
dialog: going home. I don’t know where the intel
dialog: comes from and I don’t care.
speaker_heading: AUSSIE
dialog: Bet you care now?
text: Aussie RIPS the tape off Gina’s mouth, sticks his .45 in.
speaker_heading: AUSSIE (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s it, Flower, take it all...
text: He PUSHES the barrel deep into her throat. Gina GAGS -- her
text: face, pure terror. Garrison tries to get Aussie’s attention --
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: Look at me -- LOOK AT ME.
text: Aussie does. Something about Garrison's voice -- like this is
dialog: the most important moment of his life.
speaker_heading: GARRISON (CONT’D)
dialog: If I knew, I’d tell you. Ask me anything
dialog: else, anything you want to know. But this I
dialog: can’t tell you. Because I don’t know.
text: Aussie and Garrison hold each other’s gaze... Finally --
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: AUSSIE
dialog: I believe you.
text: He takes his gun out of Gina’s mouth. She GASPS... tears
text: streaming down her face.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: It’s gonna be okay, baby -- I promise.
text: She smiles -- believes him -- loves him with all her heart.
text: Aussie casually turns off the music.
speaker_heading: AUSSIE
dialog: Well, this has been a colossal waste of
dialog: time.
text: And SHOOTS Gina in the head.
text: The world slows down... the blast knocking Gina over in her
text: chair... Garrison watches as her eyes go cold... dead before
text: she even hits the ground. Suddenly time SNAPS back and --
text: Garrison explodes -- snot and spit -- doesn’t give a fuck --
speaker_heading: GARRISON
text: YOU ARE NOTHING. YOU DON’T EXIST ANYMORE.I
scene_heading: PROMISE -- I WILL FIND YOU AND END YOU. YOU
text: BETTER KILL ME NOW BECAUSE YOU WILL NOT GET
text: A SECOND CHANCE.
text: Aussie points his .45 right at Garrison and --
speaker_heading: AUSSIE
dialog: Thanks for the advice.
scene_heading: GUNSHOT -- RIPS US TO:
dialog: BLACK. Then...
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (Cantonese, subtitled)
dialog: Project Bloodshot procedure log...
scene_heading: INT. COFFIN - LATER
text: Garrison's corpse. In a black abyss.
text: A red light begins to BLINK... illuminating the rest of
text: Garrison’s dead body. Nothing more than a husk, a vessel for
dialog: vengeance and violence.
dialog: So that’s what we’ll call him: BLOODSHOT.
dialog: 14.
text: Turns out he’s not in a casket, but some kind of high tech
text: sensory deprivation tank. A circular needle array PUMPS black
text: fluid into his chest. Note: Dialogue in italics is subtitled.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Transfusion complete.
text: The circular needle array retracts from his chest.
speaker_heading: VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Commence bioelectrical charge.
text: That’s when we hear it... a beat... building in our ears.
speaker_heading: VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Fifty percent...
text: Soon the beat becomes a song... a song we recognize...
speaker_heading: VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Seventy-five percent...
text: “Stairway to Heaven” by Led Zeppelin. What the hell?
speaker_heading: VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Full cycle.
text: An electrical charge RIPS through Bloodshot’s corpse -- his
text: body SPASMS -- and then stops... lying there motionless...
text: until his eyes flutter open. He’s alive.
speaker_heading: VOICE (CONT'D)
text: Subject is conscious. BP one forty over
dialog: ninety. Heart Rate seventy-five. Brain
dialog: function normal.
text: Bloodshot tries to move, but can’t -- limbs locked in place.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Where...
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: Language centers online.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: ---am I?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (in English)
dialog: Identify yourself.
text: Bloodshot is beyond confused. What the hell is going on?
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Take your time. Think. What is your name?
text: That’s when Bloodshot starts to panic. And it’s not because
dialog: he’s scared, it’s because--
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I don’t know...
text: Bloodshot thrashes violently, emotions overwhelming him.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Initiate sedation.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: WHY DON’T I KNOW?!?
speaker_heading: SLAM TO:
speaker_heading: BLACKNESS
text: The music kicks in again. Skipping like a record as it drills
dialog: that grating vocal into our brains.
dialog: As we wind on down the --
text: As we wind on down the
dialog: As we wind on down the --
dialog: 
text: Bloodshot wakes with a start. Looks around. He’s in a:
scene_heading: RECOVERY ROOM
dialog: Sterile. White. Looks like your average hospital room. The
text: music has stopped.
text: Bloodshot sits up. He’s wearing a hospital gown -- nothing
text: else. His skin is pale. His head -- pounding. Seems to be
text: fine except... his sternum aches. Pulls the gown off his
text: shoulders revealing...
text: A circular red scar in the middle of his white chest.
dialog: 
text: The door opens and in walks DR. EMIL HARTING, 40s. Built like
dialog: a rugby player, the first thing we notices is that there’s
text: something odd about his arm... robotic.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: (British accent)
dialog: How are you feeling?
text: Bloodshot rubs his temples...
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Hell of a hangover.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Then you remember -- what a hangover feels
dialog: like?
text: Harting’s trying to act normal but he’s clearly on edge.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Unfortunately, yes.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: That’s good.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Says you. Speaking of --
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Dr. Emil Harting, Rising Spirit
dialog: Technologies.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: (re: his lack of memory)
dialog: I'd return the courtesy but I’ve got this
dialog: little problem...
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Unfortunately I’m not going to be much
dialog: help. This is what we have on you.
text: Harting retrieves a SLIM FILE for Bloodshot, who looks inside
text: to find a brief PROFILE of who he once was:
text: Lieutenant Raymond Garrison, U.S. Navy SEAL. The page is
text: labeled TOP SECRET, and the bit at the bottom is why:
dialog: “Cadaver sold to Rising Spirit Technologies.”
speaker_heading: HARTING (CONT'D)
dialog: Your remains were sold to us by the US
dialog: military. All personnel records, destroyed.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: (in total shock)
dialog: My... remains?
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: We brought you back.
text: That’s when Harting smiles, barely containing his excitement.
speaker_heading: HARTING (CONT'D)
dialog: We've been experimenting with nanites --
dialog: robotic proteins. They can rebuild
dialog: otherwise healthy tissues on a cellular
dialog: level after catastrophic injury.
dialog: 17.
text: Harting touches the wall... it becomes a view screen.
text: ON THE MONITOR: Images of those alien machines from the
text: opening... working furiously.
speaker_heading: HARTING (CONT'D)
dialog: We had so much success with individual
dialog: organ systems that we decided to try a full
dialog: transfusion. Your blood was replaced with
dialog: the nanites... and they repaired
dialog: everything. Even your oxygen-starved brain.
text: Harting looks almost as shocked as Garrison.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I’m... an experiment?
speaker_heading: HARTING (CONT'D)
dialog: Based on animal trials we expected --
dialog: optimum outcome -- that you’d be in a
dialog: vegetative state. But here you are.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: My memories, they’re gone...
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Our best guess? The nanites revitalized the
dialog: brain tissues but couldn’t recreate past
dialog: experiences. To put it simply, we saved the
dialog: hard drive but lost the data.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: But I remember how to walk. How to talk. I
dialog: know that seven times seven is forty nine
dialog: and that the capital of New York is Albany.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: You also know the square root of seven
dialog: thousand nine hundred and twenty one...
text: ENDOSCOPIC SHOT: Bloodshot’s brain -- a nanite builds a
dialog: synapse --
text: FLASH ON: thousands of numbers, speeding by -- land on --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Eighty nine.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: The word for father in, I don’t know,
dialog: Swahili.
text: ENDOSCOPIC SHOT: Bloodshot’s brain -- nanites create another
dialog: synapse --
dialog: 18.
text: FLASH ON: Swahili translations for, “Fate,” “Fateful,” then --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Father... “Abu.”
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: And the winner of the Tour de France in,
dialog: say, 1909 --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Francois Faber. How do I know that?
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: There are billions of web-enabled
dialog: microprocessors inside your brain. Any
dialog: information they don’t already know, they
dialog: can pull that data from the ‘net.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Can they tell me who I am? Figure out what
dialog: happened to me?
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Let me show you something...
text: Harting takes off his lab coat, revealing a gleaming
text: prosthetic arm connected to his twitching shoulder muscles.
speaker_heading: HARTING (CONT'D)
dialog: As a kid, I was a tennis prodigy. Good but
dialog: not great -- no serve. On my fifteenth
dialog: birthday I got Cancer. Six months later
text: they took my arm. Instead of focusing on
dialog: what I had lost, I focused on what I had
dialog: been given... an opportunity to do
dialog: something else with my life. PhD from MIT
dialog: by twenty-two, my first military contract
dialog: by twenty-four, and my own firm -- Rising
dialog: Spirit Technologies -- by thirty. One day
text: soon, when a soldier loses his arm...
text: Harting raises his cybernetic fist and SLAMS it into the
text: metal table -- leaving a massive dent.
speaker_heading: HARTING (CONT'D)
dialog: ..-he’s going to get a better one. Because
dialog: I forgot who I was and focused on who I
dialog: could become.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: (catching on)
dialog: Rising Spirit... bet you got a hell of a
dialog: serve now?
dialog: 19.
text: Harting smiles. Clearly these two are going to become
text: brothers... both given a second chance by technology.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Let’s see what you can do now.
scene_heading: INT. BIOMETRICS LAB - DAY
text: State of the art testing center. Bloodshot is caged in a
text: giant water wheel: the human equivalent of a hamster wheel,
text: except this one is dipped in a pool, requiring Bloodshot to
text: strain his muscles to power the mill wheel. Setup nearby:
text: EKG, mobile CT, and a pulse ox monitor.
speaker_heading: TECH
text: Eight miles per hour, at a water resistance
dialog: of seventy-five pounds.
text: Harting and a handful of TECHS watch as Bloodshot STRAINS --
text: and moves the giant wheel under his own power.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Push him to ten.
text: ENDOSCOPIC SHOT: Bloodshot’s lungs -- nanites work to EXPAND
dialog: his alveoli so that --
text: Bloodshot BREATHES deeper -- his lungs working more
dialog: efficiently, allowing him to --
text: Crest past ten MPH on the monitor. All the while the pool
text: CHURNS from the turning of the wheel. Fighting Bloodshot with
dialog: every step.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (PRE-LAP)
dialog: But I had a life...
scene_heading: INT. RISING SPIRIT CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Bloodshot follows Harting on a tour of the facility. Harting
text: is now dressed in a custom lab coat -- the lack of collar and
text: colorful trim make it seem vaguely Asian.
text: Bloodshot looks down at the Navy Seal tattoo on his arm...
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (CONT’D)
dialog: ...there must’ve been people I loved... I
dialog: cared about.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: They said their good-byes. You need to do
dialog: the same. We’re on a new frontier here...
dialog: 20.
text: They pass above an indoor track. Techs observe a VET jogging
text: on hydrogen powered prosthetic legs...
speaker_heading: HARTING (CONT'D)
dialog: There are no guarantees with this
dialog: process... tomorrow you could be gone. For
dialog: good. Do you really want to risk putting
dialog: them through that again?
text: The vet begins to SPRINT -- faster than Usain Bolt. Bloodshot
dialog: can hardly believe his eyes...
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: What is this place?
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Hope. For every warrior wounded on a
dialog: battlefield. And for soldiers like you.
scene_heading: MONTAGE - RISING SPIRIT
text: - A TEST PILOT in a hydraulic skeleton LIFTS steel plates.
speaker_heading: HARTING (V.O.)
dialog: In this facility alone, we’re developing
dialog: everything from exoskeletons that can help
dialog: aman lift ten-times his weight...
text: - A PATIENT with a prosthetic leg re-learns how to swim in an
text: Olympic-sized POOL with help from a TRAINER.
speaker_heading: HARTING (V.O.)
dialog: ...to smart prosthetic limbs so the
dialog: critically injured can live normal lives...
text: - A RESEARCH SCIENTIST presents a paper on cybernetic eyes.
speaker_heading: HARTING (V.O.)
dialog: ..-even ocular implants that will allow the
text: blind to see.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION DECK - SUNSET
text: Harting and Bloodshot finish their tour on the top floor of
text: Rising Spirit’s skyscraper. The Hong Kong skyline glimmers
text: around them... it's breath-taking -- and entirely man-made.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: We're on the precipice of a paradigm
dialog: shift... and you’re the proof.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: But am I really alive? It’s been, what,
dialog: twenty-four hours...
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: INT. MEDICAL LAB - DAY
text: Bloodshot has his arm under a scanning electron microscope.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (CONT’D)
dialog: --.and I’m not the least bit tired.
text: Harting looks through the eye-piece at Bloodshot’s skin
text: cells. The monitor behind him displays the image.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: From the day we stop growing, our bodies
text: begin dying. Our skin cells wither away,
dialog: our muscles are cannibalized, and our bones
dialog: degrade.
text: Harting reaches for a scalpel...
speaker_heading: HARTING (CONT'D)
dialog: But not you. The nanites are constantly
dialog: repairing your body on a cellular level.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: So I'll never have to exfoliate again?
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: It’s a little more exciting than that...
text: FLASH of the scalpel -- Harting SLICES Bloodshot’s hand -- he
text: recoils -- but Harting pins his wrist under the microscope --
text: ON THE SCREEN: The magnified nanites pour out of the wound
dialog: and stitch the skin back together... one cell at a time.
text: Holy shit. Harting releases him. Bloodshot stares at his hand
text: as the cut disappears before our eyes.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Yeah. That’s exciting.
scene_heading: INT. FITNESS LAB - DAY
text: New, day -- same water wheel. Display reads: 20 mph... 21...
text: Bloodshot is soaked in sweat, right at the point of breaking.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Okay. That’s enough.
speaker_heading: LAB TECH
dialog: The record at this resistance level is
dialog: twenty-five miles per hour...
text: ENDOSCOPIC SHOT: Bloodshot’s quads -- with each stride,
text: muscles tear -- but are instantly repaired by the nanites --
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
text: SOMEBODY PLAY THE ROCKY THEME.
dialog: Pure determination -- this guy is not going to stop until he
text: reaches his goal.
text: ON THE READOUT: 23... 24...
text: The water carried by the wheel’s pockets CHURN and FROTH and
text: spray the back of the fitness lab like a rooster tail...
text: And then something CRACKS at 25 MPH. The axle wobbles. And
text: Bloodshot nearly rolls the thing out the pool. He hits
text: against the inside and spins like a stray piece of clothing
text: in an enormous dryer, and then... Collapses.
speaker_heading: HARTING
text: The turbine -- it cracked.
text: Bloodshot can’t help but smile. He broke the thing.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Better get a new one.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Thanks for the advice.
text: Bloodshot’s head snaps up --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Thanks for the advice.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Why?
text: Bloodshot’s heart rate picks up... POUNDING in our ears...
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Nothing.
text: Harting holds his gaze... something's definitely wrong.
text: Bloodshot grabs a water. That’s when we hear it... music...
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (CONT’D)
dialog: You hear that?
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Hear what?
text: It's Stairway to Heaven. Bloodshot sits -- head in his hands.
text: Music won’t stop -- like a hammer, SLAMMING into his brain.
dialog: A TEST PILOT enters --
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: TEST PILOT
dialog: Got this room booked.
speaker_heading: FEMALE TECH
text: In fifteen minutes.
speaker_heading: TEST PILOT
dialog: You’re late.
speaker_heading: FEMALE TECH
dialog: You're early.
text: FLASH ON: Gina -- smiling in the Chevy --
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: You're early.
text: BACK TO: Bloodshot -- doubles over in pain --
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: What’s wrong?
text: FLASHBACK TO: Gina dead on the ground. Garrison foaming --
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: YOU ARE NOTHING. I PROMISE YOU --
text: BACK TO: Bloodshot -- teeth GRINDING -- heart POUNDING --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: --I-will-find-you-and-end-you--
text: Harting panics -- turns to the tech --
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Get medical in here -- NOW.
text: Harting GRABS Bloodshot -- helps him to a chair -- Zeppelin
text: track builds -- BLASTING in our ears -- sensory overload --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: --you-better-kill-me-now--
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Breathe. Try to Breathe --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: --you-will-not-get-a-second-chance.
text: FLASH ON: Aussie standing over us, .45 pointed at the lens --
speaker_heading: AUSSIE
dialog: Thanks for the advice.
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: GUNSHOT RIPS US BACK TO: Bloodshot -- SLAMMING Harting
text: against the wall.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: He killed me -- my wife. His face -- I can
dialog: see it.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Seal the room!
text: Door starts to close -- Bloodshot STOPS it -- ESCAPES into
text: the corridor -- Harting PULLS the ALARM --
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - CONTINUOUS
text: Sirens BLARE -- Bloodshot SPRINTS -- a wounded animal,
text: doesn’t know where he’s going, doesn’t care -- heart racing --
text: turns the corner, sees:
text: SECURITY -- a dozen men in high tech SWAT GEAR with TASER
text: BATONS. Bloodshot doubles back -- off his face --
text: FLASH ON: Gina in bed, naked. Day of the dead images from
text: Mexico -- coffins and carnations, child in skull face paint.
text: BACK TO: Bloodshot -- heart POUNDING -- legs failing --
text: Security -- coming at us -- COMMANDER takes point. Bloodshot
text: LUNGES for a fire extinguisher -- BREAKS the glass --
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
text: DO NOT MOVE.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Didn't save her... my fault...
text: Taser batons CRACKLE to life, guards close in. Bloodshot
text: THROWS the extinguisher at them, misses by a mile --
text: -- but hits his intended target: A SPRINKLER HEAD. Hallway
text: fills with that fire retardant HAZE, visibility zero.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
dialog: Get that fire suppression system off, NOW.
text: Guard PULLS the emergency shut-off. The haze clears and the
dialog: soldiers find... nothing.
text: Commander spots an emergency exit door ajar...
speaker_heading: COMMANDER (INTO COM) (CONT'D)
text: Entered south stairwell, sub-level five.
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND HUB - INTERCUT WITH ABOVE
text: Harting and a handful of TECHS monitor the situation from the
text: center of Rising Spirit’s security grid.
speaker_heading: HARTING (INTO COM)
dialog: Chainsaw -- headed your way.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWWELL - CONTINUOUS
text: Bloodshot staggers up the stairs -- heart POUNDING -- FLASHES
text: ON Gina’s tear-stained face -- Aussie’s smug smile, his .45
dialog: pointed right at us --
speaker_heading: AUSSIE
dialog: Thanks for the advice.
text: GUNSHOT echoes from the past --
text: One more flight of stairs -- ground level. Taser baton in
text: hand, Bloodshot enters the --
speaker_heading: GROUND FLOOR
text: That’s when he hears it... the metallic CLANG of footsteps.
text: Bloodshot looks up and sees --
text: A massive man wearing a skull-shaped ballistic face mask, the
text: words “SO LONG” spray painted on his chest plate.
text: SO LONG steps forward on hydrogen powered prosthetic legs.
text: These things look more like sleek, articulated plastic limbs,
text: not like bulky metal armor.
text: The legs, in combination with a spinal support, allow him to
text: lift a cannon, firing a tsunami of SOUND WAVES -- SLAMMING
text: Bloodshot against the wall -- HARD.
text: He tries to crawl away -- his nanites working hard to heal.
text: A WOMAN in tactical armor cuts him off -- THROWS something --
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Catch.
text: Bloodshot tries to duck -- too late -- the object EXPLODES --
text: sarin gas BURNING his eyes and lungs.
text: A blinded Bloodshot HOWLS in pain. So Long GRABS him by the
text: neck -- lifts Bloodshot up to eye-level...
speaker_heading: SO LONG
dialog: Bet that hurt...
dialog: 26.
text: Bloodshot looks up at So Long --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Bet this hurts more.
text: The taser baton in Bloodshot’s hand CRACKLES to life -- takes
text: a cheap shot -- JAMS it under SO LONG’s face mask.
text: So Long BELLOWS in pain -- drops Bloodshot -- who SCURRIES
text: towards the door and freedom.
text: The woman in the tactical armor gives chase as we POP OUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RISING SPIRIT - SAME
text: SNIPER POV of the ground floor. No windows -- just a wall.
speaker_heading: SNIPER’S VOICE (0.C.)
dialog: Chainsaw Bravo, stand down -- Alpha has
dialog: target.
text: ECU of the sniper’s eye reveals an ocular implant -- it FLIPS
text: from grey to red, allowing the sniper to see Bloodshot’s heat
text: signature through the wall.
text: He squeezes the trigger --
text: BULLET POV: ROCKET out the barrel and BLAST through the wall.
scene_heading: INT. RISING SPIRIT - SAME
text: Time slows down as the bullet erupts from the wall -- reduces
text: speed -- and extends a TRANQ DART, SLAMMING into an escaping
text: Bloodshot’s neck -- LIGHTS OUT.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: OVER BLACK:
speaker_heading: VOICE (PRE-LAP)
dialog: We're talking about a multibillion dollar
dialog: contract --
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM, RISING SPIRIT - DAY
text: The voice belongs to RST’s Chairman, MORRIS KOZOL, 50s,
text: skyping with Harting. The conference room is decorated in
text: Feudal Japan. Bonsai. Woodcut art. Swords on walls.
speaker_heading: KOZOL
dialog: Bottom line it: how much more time do you
dialog: need? Do I need to buy you some more dead
dialog: soldiers? At this rate I’1l have to start
dialog: another war for you.
dialog: 27.
text: Harting seethes... he does not like to be pinned down.
speaker_heading: HARTING
text: He’s revived but he still has all the
text: baggage of a person with his experience.
dialog: It's delicate work. Let me do my job.
speaker_heading: KOZOL
dialog: My job, Doctor, is to remind you that he’s
dialog: not a person, he’s property. And you don’t
dialog: have a good track record when it comes to
dialog: securing our property. We can’t let Harada
dialog: get ahead of us on this.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: We're handling that. Nearly finished.
speaker_heading: KOZOL
dialog: Finish your job so I can do mine.
scene_heading: INT. RECOVERY ROOM - DAY
text: Bloodshot slowly comes to -- on a hospital bed. Tied down.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Harting please... I have to find him... I
dialog: just let her die...
text: No response. He’s all alone. Trapped. Then -- the door opens
text: and in walks Harting. He approaches the restrained Bloodshot.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: We need each other.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
text: I NEED TO FIND THAT AUSSIE BASTARD.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: How do you know he’s Australian?
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: He just shot her...
text: FLICKER THROUGH dozens of images: the mission in Colombia,
text: Day of the Dead festival in Mexico, Aussie smiling as he jams
text: his .45 down Gina’s throat...
dialog: Bloodshot remembers everything we’ve seen so far.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (V.O.)
text: I can see his face -- like it just
dialog: happened. But that’s it -- nothing else.
dialog: Not my name, not his, nothing... only
dialog: her... my wife, Gina.
dialog: 28.
text: Last image is of Gina in the Chevy as they race toward the
text: border, sun flaring off the water... it’s so beautiful it
dialog: breaks your heart. BACK TO:
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Why do I remember those two days and
dialog: nothing else? Not my parents -- not my
dialog: childhood -- not even my own name.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Honestly... I don’t know. Maybe because
dialog: those last few days were so significant
dialog: that they’re seared into your mind? Like
dialog: muscle memory.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I have to find him... have to make him pay
dialog: for Gina. She’s the one thing I know I
dialog: loved in this world, and that one thing is
text: gone. All that’s left is... anger.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Listen to me, you need time here to train.
dialog: And I need time to study you.
text: Bloodshot is torn... drowning in guilt.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Have you ever lost someone that meant
dialog: everything to you?
text: Harting opens up to Bloodshot, looking him in the eye.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: More than once. Every time, I thought I’d
dialog: never recover. Never get attached again.
dialog: (breath)
dialog: That’s the triumph of the human spirit, I
dialog: guess. You get up and try again.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I can’t do that until he’s dead.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: You are a prototype. One of a kind. In the
dialog: world of science, that’s useless. We need
dialog: to find a way to reproduce your results if
dialog: we're going to save lives. This isn’t about
dialog: you. It’s about soldiers who could return
dialog: home to their loved ones...
text: Bloodshot considers Harting’s words...
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: HARTING (CONT'D)
dialog: Do this for me, and I’1l use every resource
dialog: at my disposal to help you find this man.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: And end him.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: You have my word.
text: Harting touches the control screen.
text: Restraints retract and Bloodshot falls to his knees. As
text: Harting helps him to his feet...
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: One more thing: after I kill him...
text: he stays dead.
text: Bloodshot walks past, for the door, and --
scene_heading: EXT. TAI MO SHAN MOUNTAIN RANGE - DAY
text: A helicopter ROARS out of the city...
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - DAY
text: Harting’s at the helm, Bloodshot sitting next to him.
speaker_heading: HARTING (INTO COM)
dialog: Every human has deep-rooted survival
dialog: instincts. You have to unlearn them.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (INTO COM)
dialog: Unlearn --? They’re called ‘survival
dialog: instincts’ for a good reason, Doc.
speaker_heading: HARTING (INTO COM)
dialog: They don’t apply to you now. The goal posts
dialog: have moved. The nanites in your body can do
dialog: more than simply heal a wound. They are
dialog: tools to let you adapt. Modify. Overcome.
dialog: You simply command them to do your bidding.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (INTO COM)
dialog: Will this be painful? Sounds painful --
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: My field test team “Chainsaw” is going to
dialog: put you in the most stressful situations
dialog: possible -- push you until you learn to
dialog: change your body in response.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: “Chainsaw?”
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Cut down every prototype I throw at them.
text: Harting smiles as the helicopter SOARS over the mountains
dialog: revealing --
speaker_heading: HARTING (CONT'D)
dialog: Our field test center. The Shed.
text: A dozen high-tech buildings nestled into the unforgiving
dialog: mountainside...
scene_heading: INT. THE SHED, MAIN BUILDING - MOMENTS LATER
text: As Bloodshot and Harting enter from the helipad, they’re met
text: by the three members of CHAINSAW: mortally wounded soldiers
text: improved by Rising Spirit tech. Just like Bloodshot.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Lieutenant Marcus Tibbs is our team leader,
text: counter intelligence expert, and sniper.
text: LT. MARCUS TIBBS (African-American, 30s) has a kind face
text: covered in scars. Cybernetic eyes mark him as the sniper who
text: stopped Bloodshot’s escape.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Sorry ‘bout that head shot.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Just glad you missed my face.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Wasn’t aiming for your face.
text: Off Tibbs’s intimidating look, FLASH TO:
speaker_heading: NORTH KOREA
text: Tibbs’s cybernetic eye looks through his rifle’s scope -- all
text: he sees is vegetation. Jungle sounds fade... replaced by the
text: ROAR of a JEEP.
speaker_heading: HARTING (V.O.)
text: A mortar explosion left Tibbs blind and
text: deaf. With cochlear implants for hearing
dialog: and ocular prosthetics for eyes...
text: Tibbs’s eyes SNAP red -- revealing the DRIVER’S heat
text: signature. He fires... the heat signature goes dark. BACK TO:
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: HARTING
text: Tibbs never misses.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Don’t have to see you to kill you.
speaker_heading: SO LONG
dialog: Wish I didn’t have to see Tibbs. Got a face
dialog: like my nut sack.
text: Out of his exoskeleton, So Long stands on next-gen prosthetic
text: legs, partially obscured by his cargo shorts.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: You already met Corporal Harlin “So Long”
dialog: Shifflet.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: So Long?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: What we say to the bad guys when ass-bag
text: here takes the field.
speaker_heading: SO LONG
dialog: Ladies called me “So Long” way before I met
dialog: this crew.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: After an IED took So Long’s legs, we built
dialog: him a new pair...
text: Off So Long’s “go-fuck-yourself” grin, FLASH TO:
speaker_heading: IRAQ
text: So Long stomps through rubble in his exoskeleton.
speaker_heading: HARTING (V.O.)
dialog: Exoskeleton means there isn’t a cannon he
dialog: can’t wield, making him our go-to for heavy
text: artillery and urban assault.
text: So Long fires his sound cannon. Iraqi GUNMEN flee, every
text: orifice bleeding. BACK TO:
text: So Long rubs his swollen jaw where Bloodshot nailed him with
text: the stun baton during his failed escape...
speaker_heading: SO LONG
dialog: Still owe ya for that cheap shot, Snow
dialog: White.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Know what’s intimidating? Your knowledge of
dialog: Disney princesses.
text: Before So Long can respond, a striking Indian woman with
text: sleek air filters mounted on a neck brace intercedes.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Don’t mind So Long -- his assertions of
dialog: male dominance are just attempts to
dialog: compensate for phallic deficiency.
text: Harting nods towards the woman... she’s the one who threw the
text: sarin gas grenade during Bloodshot’s failed escape.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Warrant Officer Kareena “KP” Pillai is an
dialog: expert in chemical weapons and
dialog: psychological warfare.
text: Off KP’s enigmatic gaze, FLASH TO:
speaker_heading: RUSSIA
text: KP enters a crack house with just a thermos. TWEAKERS see the
text: defenceless beauty and move in for the kill...
speaker_heading: HARTING (V.O.)
text: Her trachea was severed by a stray bullet
text: in Afghanistan so now she breathes through
text: a clavicle mounted respirator.
text: KP opens the thermos -- gas escapes -- bad guys foam at the
text: mouth and spontaneously shit their shorts. BACK TO:
speaker_heading: HARTING
text: As a result she’s immune to inhalants.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Only thing more dangerous than KP’s
dialog: knowledge of biological weapons is her lack
dialog: of social grace.
speaker_heading: KP
dialog: After you suffer a neck injury it’s hard to
dialog: suffer fools.
text: So Long glares at Bloodshot... doesn’t like the idea of being
text: upstaged by Harting’s latest break-through.
speaker_heading: SO LONG
dialog: So what do we call the noob... “B.S."?
text: He looks to his teammates for a laugh -- doesn't get one.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: KP
dialog: Did I say fools? I meant, “fool.”
text: Bloodshot takes in the Chainsaw crew... his new “family.”
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Wounded warriors. I get it.
speaker_heading: HARTING
text: No longer wounded. Enhanced. Improved.
dialog: And most of all, given purpose. This is why
dialog: they’re here. Same with you.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Welcome to the freak show.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP PLATFORM - DAY
text: Bloodshot faces off against Harting, on opposite ends of this
text: outdoor dojo.
text: Chest-high metal rods like half-built columns punctuate the
text: space between Bloodshot and Harting in a spread-out grid.
text: Harting draws a SAMURAI SWORD from its scabbard, wielding it
text: with his prosthetic arm.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: For this exercise, you must disarm me.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: You made a pun there.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Take the sword from my hand.
text: Harting gets into a defensive stance. Watchful.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: One question, doc. Will any of this
dialog: training help get my memory back?
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Your memory? I don’t know. It’s possible.
dialog: With enough stimulation, the nanites --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: (I got my answer)
dialog: Whatever, let’s do this.
text: Bloodshot advances, quick on his feet...
text: For a few moments the two dance, lunging and dodging...
dialog: 34.
text: But then Harting strikes, snake-swift, the blade SLICING
text: Bloodshot in the leg.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (CONT’D)
dialog: Shit! Hang on, time out, I’m --
text: Harting stabs him AGAIN.
text: Bloodshot falls over in mortal pain.
scene_heading: INT. THE SHED - DAY
text: A windowless room with tumbling mats for a floor.
text: Under fluorescent light, Bloodshot and KP square off. She has
text: a sleek metal QUARTER-STAFF but Bloodshot is empty-handed.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: So what are we doing now?
text: Harting’s voice booms from the intercom overhead. And
text: Bloodshot finds him watching from a plate glass window.
speaker_heading: HARTING (V.O.)
text: Try to reach the door behind KP.
text: KP winks at Bloodshot.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: That one right there?
text: KP pulls down a set of high-tech GOGGLES and then --
text: The lights go OUT. And it is crazy dark now.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (CONT’D)
dialog: Waitaminute --
text: But we can hear the WHOOSH-WHOOSH of the quarter-staff in
text: motion and barely make out the silhouette of KP advancing --
speaker_heading: KP’S POV
text: In a green-ish world, she attacks Bloodshot, who’s trying to
text: get his bearings but then she sweeps his legs from under him
text: and he goes down HARD on the mat --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit!
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - DAY
text: A hooded and bound Bloodshot rides next to Tibbs as they soar
text: between the mountains.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: World record is twenty-two minutes, believe
dialog: it or not. That’s crazy, isn’t it? So you
dialog: gotta make half an hour.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Half an hour doing what?
text: Tibbs then PUSHES him out of the helicopter.
text: Bloodshot FALLS thirty feet to certain death -- SLAMMING
dialog: against the surface of a --
speaker_heading: LAKE
speaker_heading: TIBBS (0.S.)
dialog: Holding your breath!
text: Hands bound, Bloodshot begins to sink... panic setting in.
speaker_heading: HARTING (V.O.)
dialog: Take control of your body -- adapt.
text: Bloodshot flexes -- breaks the plastic cuffs -- swims for the
dialog: surface just as --
text: Tibbs spots him with his sniper rifle from the helicopter --
text: opens fire. Bloodshot panics -- can’t break the surface
text: without taking a head shot.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (V.O.)
dialog: What if this kills me?
speaker_heading: HARTING (V.O.)
dialog: The nanites will signal us if you lose
dialog: consciousness. We can revive you.
scene_heading: EXT. SCRAPYARD OUTSIDE THE SHED - DAY
text: So Long stands at a charcoal grill where he’s heated up
text: several rocks until they glow.
text: Bloodshot stands opposite him, uneasy.
speaker_heading: SO LONG
dialog: You’re gonna hold one of these in your hand
dialog: until you can count to twenty.
text: So Long pulls out a scalding hot rock with a pair of tongs.
scene_heading: BLOODSHOT SO LONG
dialog: But that thing’s -- Hold out your hand.
dialog: 36.
text: Bloodshot reluctantly does so. So Long drops the stone into
text: his hand -- and Bloodshot immediately DROPS the thing --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Shit!
text: So Long turns around to smirk at a watchful HARTING from an
text: elevated observation deck.
speaker_heading: SO LONG
dialog: I woulda done it on the first try.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP PLATFORM - RESUME
text: Bloodshot falls hard, clutching his leg.
text: Instead of blood, a black fluid like tar, full of nanites,
text: spreads quickly.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: I nicked the femoral artery. Close the
dialog: wound quickly. Focus. A normal man would
dialog: die from this in twenty seconds.
text: Bloodshot is breathing hard, panicking.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I’m gonna die --
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: You don’t have to.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Oh my god you're a terrible doctor.
text: His eyes start to roll up into his head, and the red circle
text: on his chest begins to GLOW a warning, and --
scene_heading: INT. RECOVERY ROOM - DAY
text: Bloodshot wakes up suddenly and reaches for his leg, to find
text: he’s in a hospital room, hooked up to high-tech EKG gear.
text: Harting stands at the door, arms crossed.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Try again.
scene_heading: INT. THE SHED - RESUME
text: Back to the KP test in darkness. She’s still whooping his ass
text: before he can take two steps in any direction.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I can’t see a thing!
speaker_heading: HARTING (V.O.)
dialog: Then fix it so you can.
text: Breathing hard, staying low, Bloodshot blinks --
text: ENDOSCOPIC SHOT: Inside his eye, just behind the lens, rods
text: and cones reorganizing until the eye becomes more CAT-LIKE
dialog: and then --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT’S POV
text: Now he can see her. And the door. Everything has more of a
text: desaturated feel; grainy. But visible.
text: BLOODSHOT MOVES -- and KP attacks -- but this time he’s ready
dialog: for her, parrying and dodging --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: It’s working!
text: And then a new overlay appears as Bloodshot fights KP: A high
text: tech TARGETING RETICULE, tracing KP’s movement, analyzing --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (CONT’D)
dialog: This tech even has combat analytics. Bam!
text: He gets a good counterattack on KP, turning the tide...
speaker_heading: KP
dialog: Don’t hate me for this.
text: So KP then throws a chemical at his face and BLINDS HIM.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Oh COME ON!
text: KP then attacks him again -- and Bloodshot falls HARD to the
text: floor with a THUD, arms splayed out --
scene_heading: INT. RECOVERY ROOM - DAY
text: Bloodshot sits up, waking suddenly, with the electrodes on
text: his chest as his circular scar FADES. He gasps for air.
scene_heading: EXT. HIDDEN LAKE - DAY
text: Bloodshot’s below the surface... he exhales... focusing.
text: But then he starts to panic, old survival instincts screaming
text: that he can’t be doing what he’s doing, and GLUB-GLUB --
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: INT. RECOVERY ROOM - DAY
text: Bloodshot sits up, waking suddenly, in a coughing fit.
scene_heading: EXT. SCRAPYARD OUTSIDE THE SHED - RESUME
text: Bloodshot’s clenched hand trembles as smoke curls up from the
text: molten ROCK he’s holding, hissing through his teeth:
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Nineteen... twenty!
text: He drops the thing right away and stares at his hand --
text: The badly burned flesh instantly REPAIRS, softly shushing the
text: sizzling flesh until he’s back to normal.
text: Bloodshot look up, triumphant, until he sees So Long coming
dialog: at him with something new --
text: A blowtorch.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: WHOA WHOA --
scene_heading: INT. RECOVERY ROOM - DAY
text: Bloodshot wakes again, with the same EKG electrodes on his
text: chest. He checks his skin for burns. Just pale flesh instead.
scene_heading: INT. THE SHED - RESUME
text: The lights clack back on, but the chemical toxins KP threw at
text: Bloodshot still have him blinded. KP attacks, demanding:
speaker_heading: KP
dialog: Adapt again! Come on!
text: Bloodshot strains his ears again --
text: ENDOSCOPIC SHOT: Inside the eardrum, the space begins to
dialog: reform, allowing him to hear every minute sound --
text: KP’S STAFF comes sailing down to strike him in the head but
text: then Bloodshot CATCHES the blow with his palms and in two
text: swift twists he DISARMS her of the weapon.
text: Standing triumphant, Bloodshot raises his arms.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Adapted! I don’t need eyes to know I look
dialog: good right now.
dialog: 39.
text: KP can’t help but grin at Bloodshot’s sudden snark,
text: especially when she pulls a swift KICK TO HIS NUTS --
text: Bloodshot immediately collapses in a heap on the floor,
text: wheezing in pain.
speaker_heading: KP
dialog: You still have weak spots. Remember that.
dialog: Trick isn’t that you’re invincible. It’s
dialog: that you can get back up.
text: KP crouches down by Bloodshot, listening to him breathe
text: through his teeth.
speaker_heading: KP (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s just pain.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Easy for you to say --
speaker_heading: KP
dialog: Control the blood flow, the muscle group
dialog: around that whole area. Trust me, I’m doing
dialog: you a favor.
text: Bloodshot starts to get up again but not before looking
text: bewildered at KP:
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: KP
dialog: Later on you’1ll realize this level of
dialog: control has... other uses.
dialog: She means sex, Bloodshot.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP PLATFORM - SUNSET
text: Bloodshot now has to deal with SPINNING BLADES that pop out
text: of the grid of metal poles. As he moves for Harting, he’s
text: SLICED across one bicep.
text: He grunts, grits his teeth... and the wound SEALS UP.
text: Two more spinning blades CUT into him as he weaves for
text: Harting, and both times he breathes through his mouth and the
text: cuts self-repair.
text: Then Harting STRIKES, but Bloodshot DODGES, and Harting’s arm
text: is so strong, the sword cuts right through a metal rod. BZZP!
text: One less spinning blade for Bloodshot to worry about.
text: Harting strikes again, an overhead blow this time --
dialog: 40.
text: Bloodshot CLAPS his hands together, CATCHING the blade --
text: But not quite as elegantly as he’d like. Black blood drips
text: down his arm.
text: Grabbing the blade with both hands, his palms getting badly
text: sliced, he wrenches the sword from Harting.
text: It clatters to the floor.
speaker_heading: HARTING (CONT'D)
dialog: Congrats. What you’ve become, what we've
dialog: done this last week... it’s remarkable.
text: Bloodshot clasps hands with Harting, congratulating... and
text: then Harting plunges a SEPPUKU KNIFE into Bloodshot’s gut.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Sonofabitch, doc--
text: Bloodshot is suddenly on his knees. In shock at seeing the
text: hilt sticking out of his abdomen.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: The ancient samurai were mentally prepared
dialog: for death. Trained for it. Your training
dialog: must surpass that. I have given you a
dialog: mortal wound. If you get one out there in
dialog: the world, and you don’t heal yourself,
dialog: then it’s lights out. Because we won’t be
dialog: there to revive you.
text: Bloodshot grimaces. Bleeding out on the rocks. He notices his
text: skin starts to turn GRAY as it does.
text: And then, through his shirt -- a brief PULSE OF RED LIGHT in
text: the shape of a circle. Exactly where his chest scar is.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: What... was that...
speaker_heading: HARTING
text: An alert system hardwired into the nanites,
dialog: when you’re starting to lose too much of
dialog: them. When you’re about to die. Unless you
dialog: do something, right now. Your body has the
dialog: power but your mind has doubt. Leap of
dialog: faith time. Step off that ledge.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I... can’t...
text: FLASH ON: Aussie... smiling. That smug bastard. Is this a
text: sign Bloodshot is getting some memory back? BACK TO:
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Then I’m sorry. For both of us. If you
dialog: can’t do this, I'd rather you die here, at
dialog: Rising Spirit, than out there, losing any
dialog: chance I might have to study your remains.
text: Bloodshot pulls out the sword and lets it clatter on the
text: rocks beneath him.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Two... things...
text: Bloodshot contorts in pain -- then rises to his knees.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (CONT’D)
dialog: First... that hurt. A lot.
text: He slowly stands... the gut-wound closing before our eyes.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (CONT’D)
dialog: Second... we made a deal. I survive your
dialog: stress tests, you help me keep my promise:
text: find that Aussie prick and end him.
text: Harting can’t help but smile.
scene_heading: INT. BREAK ROOM - DAY
text: Bloodshot stares intently. Rubbing his chin.
text: REVERSE to reveal the object of his attention: A fully-
text: stocked VENDING MACHINE. Chips, snacks, candy, energy drinks.
text: Bloodshot puts in a full twenty dollars. And starts pressing
dialog: buttons.
text: KP enters, carrying something under one arm. A box.
speaker_heading: KP
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Hey yourself.
speaker_heading: KP
dialog: Just wanted to check in, see how you are.
text: Bloodshot pulls a bag of nacho cheese tortilla chips from the
text: vending machine. Opens it. Tries one. As he does:
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Well, I lived through Harting’s whole
dialog: samurai speech, so I got that going for me.
dialog: 42.
text: Bloodshot shrugs at the nacho cheese chip. Sets the bag aside
text: and presses another button. This time it’s peanut butter
text: crackers. He tries one.
speaker_heading: KP
dialog: Yeah, he can be melodramatic. But it’s
dialog: because he’s a man of principle and-- what
dialog: are you doing?
text: Bloodshot is now sampling cookies. He likes these.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Figuring out what I like. These --
dialog: (holds up chips)
dialog: -- are an abomination. But these --
dialog: (holds up cookies)
dialog: -- I could eat a hundred, right now.
speaker_heading: KP
dialog: You want to, but when you do, you
dialog: immediately regret it. Trust me.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You really don’t remember anything?
text: Bloodshot gets a far-off look in his eye, smiling sadly.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I remember Gina... She’s the only mirror I
dialog: have to my life. You know? I don’t know the
dialog: things I did, but I know her smile.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So either she was way out of my league and
dialog: I got lucky, or I was a goddamn saint.
speaker_heading: KP
dialog: Well. I ever find a guy, and his memory
dialog: gets wiped but he still remembers me, I'd
dialog: say I’m the lucky one.
text: It’s a loaded moment... a bond forming between these two.
text: Mutual respect, maybe a little envy from KP.
text: That’s when she offers him the box tucked under her arm.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: KP
dialog: The Navy shipped you out with your personal
dialog: effects, I guess to make it cleaner for
dialog: them. Maybe... maybe something will jog
dialog: your memory. Just don’t tell anyone I gave
dialog: this to you.
dialog: 43.
text: Bloodshot takes the box like it’s the Crown Jewels.
scene_heading: INT. BLOODSHOT’S BUNK ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bloodshot stares at the box, then opens it.
text: Inside: A broken wrist watch. A wallet that’s been gutted
dialog: except for a few discount cards, and...
text: An iPod. Bloodshot tries to power it up -- it’s dead.
text: But he finds a charger under a shirt.
speaker_heading: ONE MINUTE LATER
text: The device boots up and he can access it. The first app that
text: jumps out at him is “Music.”
text: Already queued on the playlist is some classic Def Leppard.
text: The cow bell sounds tinny on the little speaker.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: “It’s better to burn out, than to fade
dialog: away.” How could I ever forget you guys?
text: He pauses the music and closes the app.
text: That’s when he sees the Photos feature. Clicks on it.
text: In the Camera Roll: PHOTOS OF GINA.
text: Candid moments of her dressed for a night out wit him --
text: posed as if she’s asking, “How do I look?”
text: He thumbs through the pics, none of them really featuring
text: much in the way of scenery beyond Gina on vacation with him.
text: Then one image, Gina running her hand through her hair --
speaker_heading: QUICK POP:
text: Suddenly Bloodshot is in that very moment, right then,
text: watching Gina run her hand through her hair, smiling coyly.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Bloodshot trembles at the vivid moment. He nearly looks
text: around the room as if he can suddenly smell her perfume...
text: But he is all alone. And his shoulders slump.
text: His HAND grips the bunk, and he starts to WARP THE METAL with
text: a sorrow coming out as rage. But the groan of metal turns to:
dialog: 44,
scene_heading: EXT. HONG KONG SKYLINE
text: THE ROAR of a helicopter on arrival to Rising Spirit.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: INDIVIDUAL FACES flickering by -- thirty per second --
speaker_heading: TIBBS (0.S.)
dialog: Encrypted hard-line access to the
dialog: CIA/Interpol shared database.
text: POP OUT TO REVEAL:
scene_heading: INT. RISING SPIRIT, SUB-BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: Bloodshot watches the headshots on a view screen, Tibbs and
text: Harting behind him.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Every driver's licence, passport, and
dialog: mugshot ever taken. Three billion some-odd
dialog: folks...
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Facebook for feds.
text: Thousands of images reflect off Bloodshot’s dark eyes.
speaker_heading: TIBBS (CONT'D)
dialog: If that Aussie is the needle, this is your
text: haystack.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: I’m running a diagnostic on your nanites’
dialog: bioelectrical system, so you may experience
dialog: some weird lapses...
text: Bloodshot doesn’t respond. Tibbs SNAPS his fingers in front
text: of Bloodshot: doesn’t even blink.
speaker_heading: HARTING (CONT'D)
text: He’s already gone.
text: BLOODSHOT’S POV: Time slows to a crawl, each face holding on
text: screen for a beat.
text: Bloodshot takes it all in. Waiting for a FLASH OF:
speaker_heading: AUSSIE
dialog: Thanks for the advice.
text: GUNSHOT RIPS US BACK TO:
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: INT. SUB-BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: The place is deserted. Bloodshot is alone. Hasn’t moved --
text: hasn't blinked -- in hours. His vigil of vengeance.
text: Suddenly Bloodshot’s face begins to twitch, like a
text: contortionist who can no longer hold his pose.
text: Sweat beads on his brow... finally he reaches up, pauses the
text: images dancing by.
text: ON SCREEN: one face. Familiar. Australian.
text: This is his guy. The man who shot Gina in front of him.
text: And now we have a name, glowing at us under the profile pic:
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Martin Axe. Found you.
scene_heading: INT. RST OPS CENTER - NIGHT
text: So Long and Harting argue in front of an array of high-tech
text: networked computers, unaware that the mugshots of bad guys
text: have finally stopped on Martin Axe.
speaker_heading: SO LONG
dialog: I just don’t get it. You could pump me full
dialog: of nanites instead of him. Why bother with
dialog: Mister Broken Heart at all?
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: You're right. You don’t get it. It isn’t
dialog: skill or training that makes him perfect,
dialog: it’s what drives him.
speaker_heading: SO LONG
dialog: Technology.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: You know the myth of Tantalus? Cursed for
dialog: the rest of his days to be surrounded by
text: fruit and water that recedes every time he
dialog: reaches for it? That’s Bloodshot. He’s ever
text: reaching for what he can’t have.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It’s his prison.
speaker_heading: SO LONG
dialog: I‘1l take his prison over mine any day.
text: More data on Axe starts to fill screens. Files opened.
text: Surveillance photography. It’s the digital version of dumping
text: a trash bin full of personal records.
dialog: 46.
text: The computer system CHIMES with an alert, finally attracting
text: Harting’s attention. He looks over at all the search data
text: clearly culled by Bloodshot.
speaker_heading: SO LONG (CONT’D)
dialog: Martin Axe? Who's this?
scene_heading: ON ONE SCREEN: “Last known location: ST. PETERSBURG.”
text: Bloodshot barrels into the room, surprising the men.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I need to get to Russia.
scene_heading: INT. BRIEFING ROOM - LATER
text: Bloodshot gets a a fake passport from Tibbs.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Given US tensions with Putin, we can’t risk
dialog: an incident on Russian soil. That means
dialog: you're gonna be on your own -- no
dialog: insertion, no back-up, no exfil.
text: Tibbs notices Bloodshot checking the sights and thumbing the
text: safety on a Desert Eagle.
speaker_heading: TIBBS (CONT'D)
dialog: You can’t take that on the plane, you know.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Considering my own blood will probably trip
dialog: the metal scanner, I'll have to get
dialog: creative with my travel.
text: The rest of Chainsaw hangs back, saying “goodbye” without
text: saying it. Bloodshot takes a deep breath... is he nervous?
speaker_heading: KP
dialog: Think you’re ready? Few days ago you were a
dialog: corpse.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
text: Says the woman with the broken neck.
text: KP and Bloodshot share a look... is she worried about him?
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (CONT’D)
dialog: I’1l be fine... survived the freakshow,
dialog: didn’t I?
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: SO LONG
dialog: We pulled our punches. Last time you saw
dialog: this Axe clown, guy put a bullet in your
dialog: brain...
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I intend to return the favor.
speaker_heading: SO LONG
dialog: (taunting)
dialog: Killing him isn’t gonna bring your wife
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Being a dick isn’t gonna bring your balls
dialog: back.
text: So Long’s on his feet -- Bloodshot holds his ground.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Calm down, ladies -- you’re both pretty.
text: Bloodshot notices his pale skin.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I kinda look like I sleep in a coffin.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Don’t like what you see? Change it.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Ha ha. Wait, really?
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: (samurai wisdom)
text: The body is but an extension of the mind.
text: Bloodshot considers this. He closes his eyes and exhales...
text: MICROSCOPIC SHOT: Bloodshot’s skin cells -- one by one they
text: transform from deathly pale to a robust flesh tone --
text: PULL OUT: the transformation SPREADS like a wave -- continue
dialog: PULLING OUT to reveal:
text: Bloodshot... his complexion healthy and vibrant.
text: KP smiles. He's definitely ready.
speaker_heading: HARTING (PRE-LAP) (CONT’D)
dialog: You'll brief us every six hours...
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: INT. RISING SPIRIT, GROUND FLOOR - EARLIER THAT DAY
text: Harting leads Bloodshot to the front door. Bloodshot looks
text: startlingly normal, like he was when we first saw him.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Nanites use voice over IP so just ask for a
dialog: connection.
text: There’s a beat of silence... this is it. Bloodshot’s leaving.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I appreciate you letting me do this. I
dialog: would’ve felt a pang of guilt if I had to
dialog: escape instead.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: This is a test, for both of us. But as I’ve
dialog: said, there comes a time when you have to
text: step off the ledge.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I’m a dead man if you don’t come back.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Being dead isn’t so bad.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I’1l come back.
scene_heading: EXT. HONG KONG INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT - DAY
text: On a man-made island, giant commercial planes are literally
text: coming in just a hundred feet over hotels and condos to land.
text: Out on the tarmac, a herd of PASSENGERS board a 747 while
text: BAGGAGE HANDLERS load the freight compartment.
text: Lingering on the line of Passengers as they ascend the
dialog: stairs... No sign of Bloodshot here...
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (V.O.)
dialog: You’ve given me a second chance -- a chance
dialog: to make things right.
text: But then an ASIAN BAGGAGE HANDLER climbs into the freight
text: compartment with a box marked “fragile.”
scene_heading: INT. 747 FREIGHT COMPARTMENT
text: The Handler sets the box down, walling off a section of the
text: compartment. The Handler then sits behind that wall of
text: baggage, takes off his ear protectors...
text: And stares at his hands. He begins SHAKING HIS HEAD like he
text: has water in his ear or something, but then his FACE CHANGES--
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: MICROSCOPIC SEQUENCE: The brown eyes around his pupils shift
text: to a different color, the skin tone shifts, and then--
text: It’s BLOODSHOT sitting in the freight compartment. He checks
text: himself in the reflective surface of a chrome support beam.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Damn. I looked good as an Asian dude.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY OVER CHINA - DAY
text: The 747 vaults into the stratosphere.
scene_heading: INT. 747 FREIGHT COMPARTMENT
text: Bloodshot has three different suitcases open, pulling out
text: potential clothing options and placing them against his chest
text: to see if they’d fit. All the while he’s singing to himself:
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: If you think I’1l sit around while you chip
dialog: away my brain / Listen I ain’t foolin’ and
dialog: you'd better think again --
text: He finds a turtleneck that looks like a good fit and tosses
text: it into a Tumi briefcase he’s gutted to claim his own.
text: A bag of homemade COOKIES sits in his lap, pulled from
text: someone's checked luggage. Bloodshot looks up at nothing in
dialog: particular and says:
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (CONT’D)
dialog: Open new window. Access employee roster for
dialog: Halcyon Technologies.
text: He takes a bite of a cookie --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT POV
text: Suddenly the MUSIC OF JUDAS PRIEST is blasting in his head
text: and we're looking at a slew of holographic website data
text: floating in front of us, a dozen windows multitasking.
speaker_heading: JUDAS PRIEST
dialog: (music video window)
dialog: If you think I’1l let it go you’re mad,
dialog: you've got another thing comin’.
text: One website pulls up a set of EMPLOYEE RECORDS for a tech
text: company while other pages show satellite PHOTOS of a
text: corporate compound in St. Petersburg. It’s an old building
text: with rows of very expensive cars out front.
text: The employee records page SCROLLS as if by mental command.
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: INT. RST OPS CENTER - DAY
text: The same EMPLOYEE RECORDS show on the screens here at RST.
text: They're seeing all of Bloodshot’s inquiries real-time.
text: Also, they’re victim to his music selection.
text: KP sits with Harting in the center, watching the data go by
text: like a pair of voyeurs.
speaker_heading: KP
dialog: Is that Judas Priest?
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: (sigh)
dialog: Yes. He’s using our Internet server link as
text: his personal jukebox.
text: KP leans in, increasingly fascinated.
speaker_heading: KP
dialog: He used Axe’s income return forms to locate
text: a Russian shell company Axe uses as cover.
dialog: (sees another screen)
text: Now he’s pulling up the building’s history.
dialog: Is he looking for a point of access?
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: He can’t just walk in and ask to murder a
dialog: high-tech arms dealer. So, I'd say yes.
text: On the screens, faces of different RUSSIAN MEN AND WOMEN whip
text: by, with employee ID numbers.
speaker_heading: KP
dialog: So what’s he doing with that employee
dialog: roster?
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Probably figuring out how many are working
dialog: the night shift.
text: THE SCREENS switch to a new video website with the title
dialog: “Language Learners.”
dialog: The first video: “Learning Russian. Lesson one.”
text: The video plays at DOUBLE SPEED, all the while Judas Priest
text: still WAILS their guitars, right into --
scene_heading: EXT. ST. PETERSBURG AIRPORT - DUSK
text: The 747 now parked at a gate.
dialog: 51.
text: BAGGAGE HANDLERS dressed for the cold weather unload the
text: luggage from a conveyor belt as the bags travel from the
text: belly of the plane.
text: The Handlers turn around to grab another suitcase but instead
text: find BLOODSHOT riding the conveyor down, dressed more warmly
text: now himself, too, and carrying his (stolen) briefcase.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: (in Russian, subtitled)
dialog: Luggage inspection. You handled that
dialog: fragile box like it was your woman, good
dialog: job. Here, have a cookie.
text: Bloodshot leaves the mystified Handler with the cookie bag.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. PETERSPBURG - DAY
text: Soaring above the northern capital of Russia, fourth largest
text: city in Europe. Sun glistens off the snow-capped rooftops.
text: Street level. ALEXI KRIEGER, parks his car. Groceries in
text: hand, he enters the front door of his up-scale flat.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: Viktor!
scene_heading: INT. KRIEGER’S FLAT - DAY
text: Silence. Krieger grabs a box of dog treats from his bag. He
text: heads into the kitchen and finds --
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: Viktor.
text: His DOBERMAN. Krieger shakes the box... but the dog could
text: care less... he’s chomping on something else.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER (CONT'D)
dialog: (Russian, subtitled)
dialog: What you got there?
text: Krieger moves closer -- sees that the dog is eating a steak?
text: Suddenly -- phone cord goes around Krieger's neck --
text: Bloodshot pulls it tight -- Krieger struggles --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: If I wanted you dead, you’d be dead.
dialog: Krieger gasps for air --
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (CONT’D)
dialog: Alexi Krieger. Yeah, I know who you are.
dialog: You got an attack dog like Viktor for
dialog: protection because you're not a fighter.
dialog: So listen t--OOOF!
text: Krieger’s ELBOW jams right in Bloodshot’s gut --
text: Then Krieger STOMPS Bloodshot’s foot --
text: Bloodshot loses his grip on the cord for a moment, and so
dialog: Krieger LUNGES for the knife block --
text: Bloodshot PULLS back -- too late -- Krieger GRABS a blade --
text: LAUNCHES himself backwards -- SLAMS Bloodshot into the
dialog: fridge -- again -- and again --
dialog: Doberman just watches -- that steak is really good.
text: WHAM -- Bloodshot loses his grip on the cord. Krieger spins
text: around -- STABS at Bloodshot -- the blade goes through
dialog: Bloodshot’s hand --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (CONT’D)
dialog: Seriously?! What’s the dog for?!
text: Krieger sees he has the upper hand now, with Bloodshot
text: impaled next to his fridge.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: Disposing of bodies. I will carve you up
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Here’s your knife back.
text: Bloodshot PUSHES his impaled hand further down the knife.
dialog: 
text: A stunned Krieger watches as Bloodshot’s black blood heals
text: the wound around the blade -- GRIPPING it so he can pull the
text: weapon out of a Krieger's hand.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: My god...
text: Bloodshot headbutts the Russian -- BLACKNESS.
scene_heading: EXT. KRIEGER’S FLAT - NIGHT
text: Krieger wakes with a start, tied to a chair. Tied with
text: various extension cords. It’s a weird mix of different
text: household items around the chair, including a curling iron.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Couldn't find any rope or tape so I had to
dialog: make do. By the way -- curling iron?
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: Ex-girlfriend left it. Who are you?
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I’m not up for discussion. Martin Axe is.
dialog: You worked with him up until last month
dialog: when you were let go. You worked in R&D.
dialog: You know what he’s doing here. And what I
dialog: can expect if I come at him.
text: Krieger keeps staring at Bloodshot’s hand. His perfectly
text: healed hand, as if he’d never been stabbed.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: Your blood... it’s been replaced? Micro-
dialog: robotic proteins, yes? I hear rumors...
dialog: never believed them. But you healed, yes?
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I know a few parlor tricks. So, Martin Axe.
dialog: What did you do for him? Let’s start there.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: Will tell you everything. But for a
dialog: price... your blood. A sample.
dialog: Bloodshot considers the proposition...
speaker_heading: KRIEGER (CONT'D)
dialog: All you want to know... why Axe is here,
dialog: how you can get to him.
text: Bloodshot gets a shot glass from the bar, grabs a knife.
text: Krieger hesitates... is Bloodshot going use it on Krieger?
text: Bloodshot puts his own hand over the glass -- grits his teeth
text: and -- holy shit -- cuts off his own finger.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: (through the pain)
dialog: Talk.
text: Black blood runs into the shot glass...
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: An EMP bomb. That’s what he hired me to
dialog: build for him.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: What for? He robbing a casino?
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: No, this -- big enough to shut down entire
dialog: city. He hired me to build it --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: In my line of work, you don’t ask that
dialog: question. Curiosity gets you dead. All I
dialog: care is that check clears.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: How often did you meet with Axe?
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: Only once in person. Rest of time, he would
dialog: use intermediaries. I don’t think he even
dialog: has office in that building.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: So how do I get to him?
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: I do not know --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I_just cut off my finger.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: No one does! He’s paranoid -- doesn’t tell
dialog: anyone where he’s staying in the city.
text: Takes all his calls on an encrypted cell.
dialog: If you want him, you have to draw him out.
text: Bloodshot takes a beat. Gets an idea --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Where is the bomb?
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
text: He’s sitting on it in Bolshoi Port, but he
text: leaves in morning. He has a small army
dialog: guarding it -- getting in is not possible.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: You'd be surprised by what’s possible.
text: Bloodshot takes his severed finger, winces as he pushes it
text: against the stump... nanites stitch it back in place. Krieger
text: can barely believe his eyes.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (CONT’D)
dialog: If you're lying to me, I’1l come back. Get
dialog: a sample of your blood.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: What you have given me... it is worth more
text: than ten mass EMPs.
text: Bloodshot holds up the shot glass...
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: You mean this?
text: And drinks his own blood. Krieger is heartbroken. Bloodshot
text: scratches Viktor’s head before slipping out.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: (to the dog)
dialog: Traitor.
scene_heading: EXT. NEVISKIY BLVD - NIGHT
text: Bloodshot moves quickly down the street, talking to himself.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
text: Less than a kilometer.
text: He’s using voice over IP to speak with --
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND HUB, RISING SPIRIT - INTERCUT WITH ABOVE
text: Harting, looking over satellite images of the Bolshoi Port.
text: Techs and the Chainsaw team work furiously behind him. A GPS
text: marker indicates Bloodshot’s location on a 3-D map.
speaker_heading: HARTING (INTO COM)
dialog: Bolshoi is a private shipping center,
dialog: minimal government interference.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Good waystation for exporting really nasty
dialog: black market weapons.
text: KP analyzes surveillance photos of the port...
speaker_heading: KP
text: Redundant perimeter, interior fence is
text: electrified. Two dozen guards with dogs on
text: a variable rotation.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Tibbs, run scenarios for point-of-entry --
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Already found P.O.E.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Chances of detection?
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
text: Pretty high. Going through the front.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Pretty high?
scene_heading: INT. GUARD HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Two armed SECURITY GUARDS are smoking inside the gate house
text: when one of them notices on the monitor --
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN GATE - CONTINUOUS
text: Bloodshot walking right up to the front gate. Both guards
text: emerge. Note: Dialogue in italics is subtitled.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Private property, asshole.
dialog: You don’t belong here.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Here to see Martin Axe.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Really? The nature of your business?
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I'm going to kill him.
text: The guard looks back at his buddy -- is this guy for real?
text: In a flash -- Bloodshot RIPS the rifle out of the guard’s
text: hands -- the other guard PANICS -- opens fire --
text: Shoots Bloodshot AND the other guard.
text: Both bodies fall to the snow -- dead. Surviving guard’s face
dialog: says it all -- fuck me.
scene_heading: INT. RST OPS CENTER - THAT MOMENT
text: Harting, Tibbs, and KP all stare at the surveillance and
text: satellite footage. For a moment, the three of them share a
text: lock of utter shock and horror.
text: Then, a smile spreads over KP’s face.
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: INT. CARGO HOLD, HADES OCEAN FREIGHTER - NIGHT
text: A Russian copycat of an American cartoon plays on a small TV.
text: One lone WATCHMAN with an AK-47 sits at a desk, enjoying the
text: show with a grin. Then he stands as a group of OTHER GUARDS
text: led by a MERCENARY COMMANDER (M.C.) haul in two bodies in
text: black body bags. M.C. takes Bloodshot’s Desert Eagle from the
text: Guards, inspects it, nods, then sets it down, ordering:
dialog: M.C.
dialog: Put them on the tables here.
text: The Guards obey, then leave.
text: Meanwhile, the M.C. goes to the Watchman’s desk and grabs a
text: handset to the freighter’s internal phone line.
speaker_heading: M.C. (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There’s been an incident. An intruder
text: attempted to gain entry but Ivan shot and
text: killed him at the gangway. The other Ivan
text: was killed, too. Friendly fire.
scene_heading: INT. CAPTAIN’S QUARTERS - THAT MOMENT
text: Revealing MARTIN AXE sitting up in bed, handset to his ear.
text: He’s getting out now like this is mobilizing news.
speaker_heading: AXE
dialog: Is he American?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Are you sure he’s dead?
text: Axe reaches out and grabs a little REMOTE, thumbing it to
text: activate the little LED screen: “ARMED.”
scene_heading: INT. CARGO HOLD - THAT MOMENT
text: The M.C. listens to his orders from Axe.
dialog: M.C.
dialog: Stay with them? Yes sir.
text: The M.C. hangs up and looks back at the body bags, like, Why
text: the hell am I babysitting dead men? Next to him, the Watchman
text: remains standing but goes back to his cartoons.
text: In the background, visible between these two thugs, one of
text: the body bags begins to UNZIP ITSELF.
text: Behind them, Bloodshot SITS UP. Looks over at the men.
dialog: 58.
text: Bloodshot picks up his Desert Eagle off the table.
speaker_heading: WATCHMAN
dialog: This is my favorite part.
dialog: You seen it diveaay? Why watch again?
dialog: Don’t you want to be surprised?
text: Bloodshot SHOOTS THEM BOTH -- double taps -- they collapse.
text: He grabs assault rifle from the M.C.
scene_heading: INT. HADES OCEAN FREIGHTER - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bloodshot makes his way down the narrow metal steps, armed
text: with the AK-47. He ducks into the --
scene_heading: INT. UTILITY ROOM, HADES FREIGHTER - CONTINUOUS
text: Bloodshot searches the various panels -- finds the power
dialog: line, RIPS it out.
scene_heading: INT. CARGO HOLD - CONTINUOUS
dialog: Lights out --
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGE - CONTINUOUS
text: Power goes out here but emergency lighting flickers on,
text: revealing MARTIN AXE with a shotgun, alert as a cat after a
text: shot of espresso.
text: His crew of MERCS are close. Four, five... at least six.
speaker_heading: AXE
text: He’s here. He’s down in the hold.
dialog: (then)
dialog: That means GO, you idiots.
scene_heading: INT. FREIGHTER CARGO HOLD - MOMENTS LATER
text: Axe’s MERCS make their way into the bowels of the freighter,
text: weapons ready... Flashlights sweeping...
text: Totally unaware that in the shadows -- Bloodshot watches.
text: His eyes are tinged with a dull crimson GLOW, tracking them
dialog: with a nanite-induced infrared filter until --
text: He STRIKES, blasting in the dark -- all rage and brutality;
dialog: gone is the wisecracking man we thought we knew --
text: One, two, three men go down before they know what hit them --
dialog: 59.
dialog: But there are too many, and from the door:
speaker_heading: AXE (0.S.)
dialog: It’s him!
text: Bloodshot finds Axe at the entry, a silhouette against the
text: deck lights beyond, and Bloodshot forgets about the other
text: MERCS around him, it’s all about getting to Axe --
text: Bloodshot FIRES at Axe, who ducks away --
text: -- And that’s when two Mercs GUN BLOODSHOT DOWN.
text: He starts to get up again --
speaker_heading: MERC
dialog: Sonuva-——
text: And they shoot him AGAIN.
speaker_heading: MERC (CONT'D)
dialog: What d’you think he was on? PCP?
text: The Merc kicks at Bloodshot’s corpse. Bloodshot rolls over,
text: handgun in his grip, and BLASTS at the Merc, dropping him --
text: The SECOND MERC freaks out, FIRES AGAIN, two to the chest...
speaker_heading: AXE (0.S.)
dialog: Did you get him?
speaker_heading: MERC 2
dialog: I think?
text: Merc 2 is out of ammo. As he’s reloading -- Bloodshot gets up
text: FOR A THIRD TIME, teeth gritted, oozing black from the corner
text: of his mouth, and SHOOTS the final Merc in the head.
text: This man absolutely will not stop, despite the mortal pain.
dialog: And speaking of pain--
text: Bloodshot then spits up half a dozen spent bullets.
text: AT THE DOOR, Axe peers back inside, tense...
speaker_heading: AXE
dialog: Is it safe?
text: In the dark, a shadow moves for him. But this shadow’s eyes
text: glow red, as well as a RED CIRCLE in his torso.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. GALLEY - CONTINUOUS
text: Axe BURSTS into the dark kitchen -- on the run. From behind --
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: BLOODSHOT’S VOICE
dialog: You murdered my wife.
text: Axe spins -- FIRES -- nothing.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT’S VOICE (CONT'D)
text: Shot her in the head.
text: Axe spins, SHOOTS again -- still nothing. Knows he's screwed.
speaker_heading: AXE
dialog: This really about some girl?
scene_heading: BLOODSHOT’S VOICE
dialog: You don’t remember.
text: Axe FIRES blindly --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT’S VOICE (CONT’D)
dialog: But I do.
text: Muzzle FLASH reveals Bloodshot next to him. Axe LUNGES for
dialog: the door --
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN FREIGHTER - CONTINUOUS
text: Axe BURSTS on to the deck -- Bloodshot right behind him --
text: Axe RUNS for the railing, to dive off --
text: A GUNSHOT to the back puts Axe on the deck, face down.
text: Axe WAILS, then tries to crawl -- but he’s lost feeling in
text: his legs. The shot paralyzed him.
text: Bloodshot steps close, the Desert Eagle in his hand... And he
text: looks scarier than ever. Full of primal rage. Sneering:
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: You were casual about it. Like she didn’t
dialog: matter at all. She mattered to me.
text: Axe rolls over to face his enemy. Bloodshot is holding out
text: his iPod, “reminding” Axe of Gina with a photo of her. He’s
dialog: been carrying it with him this whole time.
text: Axe shows Bloodshot what’s in his hand: A REMOTE. BLINKING.
speaker_heading: AXE
dialog: Better hope you can run fast...
speaker_heading: AXE'S POV
text: Bloodshot stares down at us along the sights of the massive
text: Desert Eagle. He says right at our face:
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Thanks for the advice.
text: BLAM! MUZZLE FLASH whites us out.
scene_heading: INT. RST OPS CENTER - THAT MOMENT
text: On the satellite feed, a HEAT BALLOON or similar light begins
text: to blossom from the cargo ship. Klaxons CHIME from the system
text: as Techs scramble to isolate what just happened --
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: What is that, talk to me.
speaker_heading: TECH
dialog: Got a power spike in the hold, something’s
dialog: been triggered --
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Nuclear?
speaker_heading: TECH
dialog: No. Electromagnetic.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Christ --
dialog: (into headset)
dialog: Listen, you have to move now.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKSIDE - MOMENTS LATER
text: From the high railing of the freighter thirty feet up,
text: Bloodshot LEAPS to the concrete dock --
text: His legs break, knees buckle, and he rolls in pain.
text: But a moment later he gets back up, the nanites stitching his
text: broken legs together... One step, then two... then --
text: He’s running again -- with Harting in his ear --
speaker_heading: HARTING’S VOICE
dialog: An EMP has been triggered -- you have ten
dialog: seconds to get clear!
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: What happens if I’m in it?
speaker_heading: HARTING’S VOICE
dialog: Very bad things.
text: So Bloodshot runs. Faster than ever.
dialog: 62.
text: On approach to the GATEHOUSE, he uses his momentum to LEAP
text: onto the roof of a parked car, and then to the roof of the
dialog: gatehouse --
text: And now he’s hauling ass OVER ROOFTOPS, vaulting across
dialog: alleys at 35MPH --
text: And then from the cargo ship a quarter-mile behind him: a
text: distant CRACK and an abrupt BURST OF LIGHT --
text: Everything metal GROANS as a wave of shimmering magnetic
text: energy BALLOONS from the belly of the cargo hold and then --
text: Lights out. Everywhere.
text: No loud explosion. No mushroom cloud. Just a rolling blackout
text: like a ripple in a pond, rushing to Bloodshot and then --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Not good not good not good --
text: OVERTAKING HIM and shutting out power --
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND HUB, RISING SPIRIT - CONTINUOUS
text: Harting’s screen goes black -- his line to Bloodshot dead.
scene_heading: EXT. BOLSHOI PORT - CONTINUOUS
text: Bloodshot DOUBLES OVER in pain --
text: ENDOSCOPIC SHOT: Bloodshot’s brain -- the nanites go dark --
dialog: then flicker -- a total system failure.
text: Bloodshot’s eyes roll back --
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND HUB, RISING SPIRIT - SAME
text: Complete ass-puckering panic --
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Give me something -- an image --
speaker_heading: TECH
dialog: You got it --
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: I got black.
speaker_heading: TECH
dialog: That’s it. Not a light on for two hundred
dialog: square miles.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Give his face to the Russian police.
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: EXT. BOLSHOI PORT - NIGHT
text: Bloodshot’s dying -- the nanites not re-booting -- his legs
text: not healing -- like nothing he’s experienced before.
text: Bloodshot FALLS to the snowy rooftop on his back. WHUMP.
text: His body begins to TURN GRAY...
text: And on his torso, dead-center, a RED CIRCLE of light pulses.
text: ENDOSCOPIC SHOT: Bloodshot’s brain -- nanites FLICKER in
text: unison -- trying to reboot -- finally they go dark.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: BLACK.
scene_heading: FRANTIC VISUAL COLLAGE
text: Day of the dead images -- coffins and carnations -- a child
text: in skull face paint -- Ray and Gina in the hotel room --
scene_heading: INT. TIJUANNA HOTEL ROOM - MORNING
text: Bloodshot wakes in bed. Alone. Which seems... odd.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Gina...?
text: He looks around -- finds the note.
dialog: Went to get us breakfast, back soon. Practice makes perfect.
text: Bloodshot smiles. Turns and catches his reflection in the
text: mirror -- the scar on his chest is gone.
dialog: Or was it ever there?
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (V.O., PRE-LAP) (CONT'D)
dialog: Sorry to call so early. Just needed to
dialog: talk...
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL BALCONY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bloodshot’s on the balcony, leaving a message.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (INTO PHONE)
text: Thinking about getting out of the field,
dialog: taking that instructor's post...
text: Remnants of the Day of the Dead festival litter the street
text: below. It’s all so... familiar.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (CONT’D)
dialog: (laughs to himself)
dialog: Sorry, if we’ve, uh, talked about this
dialog: before. Just had this crazy dream..
dialog: anyway, call me.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BATHROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bloodshot’s in the shower... lost in thought. Keeps scrubbing
text: the same spot on his chest... right where the scar should be.
text: Something is definitely wrong. He turns off the water...
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: CREAK -- the door opens -- two Pros enter -- just as they did
text: before. Head towards the steam-filled bathroom, passing the --
speaker_heading: BALCONY
text: Where Bloodshot is clothed and ready -- SOG knife in hand.
text: In a FLASH -- he takes out the first Pro. Second Pro LUNGES
text: at Bloodshot -- who COUNTERS with ease, pinning his attacker
text: against the balcony railing.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Where is she? Where’s my wife.
dialog: Bloodshot remembers -- everything. Pro curses in Spanish --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (CONT’D)
dialog: Then I’1l ask Martin Axe.
text: Bloodshot THROWS the Pro off the balcony before --
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Moving into the hall, ready for Axe. But it’s empty. The
text: stairwell door opens... here we go...
text: But it’s just some OLD GUY with a ponytail. He sees the knife
text: in Bloodshot’s hand... freezes.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Go to your room -- lock the door.
text: Old Guy moves quickly past Bloodshot -- but then turns and --
text: STABS Bloodshot in the back with an auto-injector.
dialog: 
text: A shocked Bloodshot SPINS on the old guy... legs lock up...
text: his vision... cloudy... finally he collapses.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: BLACKNESS
text: We know what comes next -- Stairway to Heaven. Hood comes
text: off, Bloodshot’s back in the chair --
scene_heading: INT. BARN - CONTINUOUS
text: But it’s not Axe in front him -- it’s that old quy.
speaker_heading: OLD GUY
dialog: Now this, this is torture.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: Who --
speaker_heading: OLD GUY
dialog: Led Zeppelin. Most overrated band --
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: -- are you?
speaker_heading: OLD GUY
dialog: I think I’1l ask the questions.
text: Bloodshot is beyond confused... What the hell is going on?
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Where’s Martin... Axe?
speaker_heading: OLD GUY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: He set this up... took my wife...
speaker_heading: OLD GUY
dialog: Right about one thing...
text: The old guy gives the signal and his MEN drag in Gina, bound,
text: gagged -- but very much alive.
text: Bloodshot smiles, tears welling up -- emotions overwhelming.
dialog: Imagine finding the person you loved the most -- and lost --
dialog: only to know you're about to lose them again.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Please... please don’t do this...
speaker_heading: OLD GUY
dialog: Just need to know about Colombia --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I_ DON’T KNOW. I don’t know... why are you
dialog: doing this... why?
dialog: 66.
dialog: Ever see someone’s soul crushed? You're watching it. Gina
text: SOBS -- Bloodshot tries to console her...
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m sorry... so sorry...
text: He closes his eyes -- can’t look at her -- too real -- too
text: raw. We hold on Bloodshot’s face...
text: GUNSHOT -- Bloodshot SHUDDERS -- Gina’s SOBBING silenced.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (CONT’D)
dialog: (defeated)
dialog: Just do it... just kill me...
text: Bloodshot looks up -- .45 pointed right at us, just like Axe,
text: but now it’s the old guy’s tattooed hand holding the gun.
speaker_heading: OLD GUY
dialog: Thanks for the advice.
text: GUNSHOT RIPS US BACK TO:
text: Bloodshot. His eyes flutter open... he’s groggy, restrained.
dialog: In the resurrection tank?
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: It wasn’t... Axe...
speaker_heading: KRIEGER (0.C.)
dialog: No time.
text: Bloodshot looks around -- realizes he’s actually in --
scene_heading: INT. KRIEGER’S WORK ROOM - NIGHT
text: Darkness. And the sound of a diesel generator running right
text: next to the bed Bloodshot’s on.
text: Correction -- he’s cuffed to the bed.
text: Further correction -- it’s just a metal frame + box spring.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: Good. You're awake.
text: A set of JUMPER CABLES lead from the generator to the bare
text: metal of the bed. Krieger holds one free, then reaches out
text: and touches it to the box spring --
text: ELECTROCUTING Bloodshot. Bloodshot tries to pull free -- can
dialog: barely breathe --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Russian bastard --
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: You're dying.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Yeah, I’ve done that before --
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: Shut up -- I’m saving you.
text: Krieger hits him again -- Bloodshot SPASMS --
text: ENDOSCOPIC SHOT: Bloodshot’s heart -- nanites flicker --
dialog: trying to come back online --
text: FLASH TO: a bald CHINESE MAN, .45 pointed right at us --
speaker_heading: CHINESE MAN
dialog: Thanks --
text: BACK TO: Bloodshot -- teeth GRIND -- pain unbearable.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: It worked?
text: No response -- Krieger SHOCKS him again. Bloodshot contorts
text: in pain -- the chest scar GLOWS RED, his skin fades WHITE --
text: FLASH TO: a GERMAN with steely blue eyes, same .45 --
speaker_heading: GERMAN
dialog: Thanks for the --
text: BACK TO: Bloodshot -- eyes bulging --
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: Did it work?
text: Bloodshot just glares --
speaker_heading: KRIEGER (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t understand -- nothing more I can do --
dialog: maximum voltage --
text: Krieger SHOCKS him again -- God, that hurts.
text: FLASH TO: an AFRICAN with a scar on his forehead --
speaker_heading: AFRICAN
dialog: Thanks for the advice --
text: GUNSHOT RIPS US BACK TO:
text: Bloodshot -- finally BREAKS free -- FALLS to the floor.
dialog: 68.
text: His gray skin finally WARMS like a chameleon changing color
text: back to a natural tone. The skin of someone living.
text: But instead of attacking Krieger, he repositions something
dialog: between his teeth...
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: It... worked?
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Yeah -- the first time. But I bit my tongue
dialog: off... second and third times just hurt.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: Choosers are not beggars.
text: Bloodshot takes in his surroundings.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: How... how did I get here?
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: I found you outside. When nanites went
dialog: dark, your injuries stopped healing. EMP
dialog: killed everything -- so I give you a jump.
text: Bloodshot’s whole world is spinning...
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I saw my wife again. Like a dream...
text: Krieger gives him a sly smile...
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: Was it nice?
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Not that kind of dream.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I saw her die... but it wasn’t Axe. It was
text: some German dude, then an African with a
text: scar, then an old guy, white ponytail,
text: greek letters tattooed on his hand...
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: That last one sounds like Nick Baris.
text: “Death” tattooed on his hand. In Greek.
text: He's real. Bloodshot loosens his grip on Krieger --
speaker_heading: KRIEGER (CONT'D)
dialog: Who is he?
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER (CONT'D)
dialog: Baris was arms dealer like Axe, offered me
dialog: job last year... pay was shit so I tell him
dialog: to take my number and lose it.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Why didn’t you just tell me?
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: Because it means the myth is real!
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: What myth? What are you talking about?
text: Krieger goes and sits down heavily in a chair nearby. He has
text: the body language of a father who just learned his teenage
text: daughter is pregnant.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
text: A contract killer, wiping out anyone who
dialog: stole from RST. But the violence, the
dialog: determination... This man is out for blood.
text: Each time it is personal. A vendetta.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You think it’s me?
text: Krieger shrugs, but it’s clear he does.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (CONT’D)
dialog: I was dead last month. And before that, I'd
dialog: never heard of Harting or RST.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: Then maybe you are small part in bigger
dialog: picture. Here is the question for you:
dialog: What do you remember? What do you know is
dialog: true, without a doubt?
text: That gives Bloodshot pause. It’s catching up to him.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: (more to himself)
dialog: I wanted to kill him so badly... to make
dialog: him pay... what if I was wrong?
dialog: (then)
dialog: I have to find out.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: EMP shut down everything -- four hundred
dialog: klicks -- internet, airport, cars -- only
dialog: thing working right now are trains coming
text: in from out of town.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Then I need to catch one.
scene_heading: INT. MOSKOVSKY STREET - NIGHT
text: Bloodshot limps down the street, Krieger by his side. In
text: Bloodshot’s hand: his iPod. Bricked by the EMP. Krieger
text: doesn’t notice the look of loss on his face.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: When you get to Moscow, power will be
dialog: working -- find an internet café.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I don’t need an internet café. I have wifi
dialog: in my veins.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: That wifi? You always connect to RST server
dialog: first. You are behind their firewall. So
dialog: they can monitor your Internet activity. I
dialog: would not trust that.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: How do you know so much about RST?
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: They have reputation. I have seen them take
dialog: away everything from other tech designers.
dialog: Discredit their name, make it impossible to
dialog: return to their family, put them on global
dialog: terrorist list, all to keep secrets for
dialog: RST. They own you. If they can’t own you,
dialog: they banish you. And if that is too much
dialog: work they simply kill you. They are, to use
dialog: American slang, “bags of douche.”
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
text: Close but not quite.
dialog: (a breath)
dialog: Guess I’m on my own now.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: No. You are never alone. You have entire
dialog: army at your command. Millions of little
dialog: soldiers inside you, awaiting orders. If I
dialog: give you any advice it is: Get creative.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: (nods )
dialog: Thank you. When I figure this all out, I
dialog: may call on you again, for help.
dialog: (earnest)
dialog: And I’'1l get you that blood sample.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You are thinking I did not take one, when
dialog: you were unconscious?
scene_heading: EXT. RUSSIAN TRAIN STATION - DUSK
text: This station is not much more than a platform and an outdated
text: train schedule on a wall.
text: Bloodshot waits for the next train, hands in his pockets. He
text: looks down the track:
text: A train approaches. But it doesn’t seem to be slowing down.
text: At the other end of the platform, a RUSSIAN PATROLMAN steps
text: on. Walking cautiously toward Bloodshot.
text: Bloodshot casually turns his back to the cop and keeps his
text: collar up, but then he sees ANOTHER PATROLMAN flanking him.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: (sotto; sarcastic)
dialog: Looks like this is my train.
text: Except this one isn’t stopping. It rockets past him...
text: The two PATROLMEN advance on Bloodshot, their radio handsets
text: squawking in some Russian dialect...
text: Bloodshot gets closer to the train, like he’s ready to jump
text: the track soon as it’s cleared the way --
text: The PATROLMEN pull their guns:
scene_heading: RUSSIAN PATROLMAN 1
dialog: (translated)
dialog: You there! Hands up!
text: Bloodshot obeys. Hands up.
text: At the final car, Bloodshot reaches out and -- holy shit he’s
text: going to -- YANK! Bloodshot is pulled off his feet, gone in
dialog: an instant --
text: -- now dangling like a flag on the end of the train, with a
text: severely dislocated arm.
text: With effort, he gets to the back door and steps inside.
scene_heading: INT. PASSENGER TRAIN - STORAGE COMPARTMENT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bloodshot sits down and takes a few breaths before he
text: physically SNAPS his dislocated arm back into place.
dialog: 72.
text: It’s audibly painful. For a moment he just lies there.
text: Then, through the windows of this car: the street lights of a
text: crossing bridge. He’s out of the EMP's range.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Back on the grid. Here we go...
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND HUB - NIGHT
text: Harting is pacing like a caged animal until suddenly --
speaker_heading: TECH
dialog: We've got him --
scene_heading: BLOODSHOT’S VOICE (THROUGH COM)
dialog: I’m not sure Axe killed my wife...
speaker_heading: HARTING (INTO COM)
dialog: You’re not “sure?”
scene_heading: EXT. PASSENGER TRAIN - INTERCUT WITH ABOVE
text: Bloodshot moves for a passenger car as he speaks to Harting.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: After the blackout, I remembered it all...
dialog: I was living it again, like a dream. But it
dialog: wasn’t Axe, it was someone else.
text: Harting mutes his mic, turns to a tech --
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Remote shutdown?
speaker_heading: TECH
dialog: EMP re-set the protocol... not recognizing
dialog: our server.
text: Harting is not happy. Un-mutes his mic --
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: You need to come in.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I need to figure this out first.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Because you had a bad dream? The EMP shut
text: down the nanites -- they’re malfunctioning.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Maybe they were malfunctioning before.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Listen, I risked everything to give you
dialog: this. And you promised me you'd return. We
dialog: have no idea how badly the nanites were
dialog: damaged by the mass EMP. Your whole body
dialog: could shut down -- you could die.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Wouldn't be the first time...
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: You need to come back. Trust me, you don’t
dialog: want to suffer PTSD with the help of a
dialog: supercomputer in your brain.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
text: (as he enters a passenger car)
dialog: Right now, I don’t trust anyone.
speaker_heading: TECH
dialog: He terminated the line.
text: Then, on screen: An organizational CHART of RST maximizes. It
text: showcases the various branches of the company, with Harting’s
text: name at the top -- the head of the snake.
speaker_heading: TECH (CONT'D)
dialog: Sir? He’s accessing our internal server
dialog: now. Shall I disconnect?
text: Harting watches. Folds his arms over his chest.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: What’s he pulling up?
text: BLOODSHOT POV: The org chart hangs in front of us like an
text: overlay to the real world.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (0.S.)
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Yeah, I bet you can see this, Harting. If
dialog: you've betrayed me, I’m tearing it all
dialog: down... hang on, what’s this?
text: An arrow icon in the corner connects Harting’s CEO box to
text: something off-screen. Bloodshot triggers the icon --
text: And the org chart ZOOMS OUT to reveal RST is merely one
text: branch on a massive tree of black-tech companies. A terrible
text: conglomerate of death with a dozen more men like Harting. At
text: the top of it all? A man named KOZOL. The puppet master.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Who the hell is that?
dialog: 74.
text: And from a corporate headshot of Kozol by his name --
speaker_heading: KOZOL (PRE-LAP)
dialog: Just turn him off.
scene_heading: INT. RISING SPIRIT CONFERENCE ROOM - INTERCUT WITH ABOVE
text: Harting’s on a video conference with Kozol.
speaker_heading: HARTING
text: The mass EMP re-booted the system -- it’s
text: not recognizing the RST server commands.
speaker_heading: KOZOL
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Our own security system is locking us out.
dialog: We're trying some other options, but we may
dialog: not have any remote control.
speaker_heading: KOZOL
dialog: If we lose him... can you make another?
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Not without him. I need more data.
speaker_heading: KOZOL
dialog: St. Petersburg is a complete disaster --
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Which can’t be tied to us.
speaker_heading: KOZOL
dialog: Why was he in the vicinity of that weapon?
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: We didn’t know about it in time.
speaker_heading: KOZOL
dialog: What do you know, Doctor?
text: Harting bites his tongue. Doesn’t like having his nose rubbed
text: in his mess.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: I know I‘'1l bring him in.
speaker_heading: KOZOL
dialog: That’s your only option, doctor.
text: Kozol disconnects the line.
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: EXT. EUROPEAN COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: The passenger train slices through the hilly forest, having
text: escaped the cold snows of deep Russia.
scene_heading: INT. PASSENGER TRAIN - “COACH” SEATING - DAY
text: Bloodshot makes his way up the aisle, looking for a place to
text: sit, trying to look inconspicuous.
text: Of course he’s wearing the same shirt from St. Petersburg.
text: He looks like a hobo. A zombie hobo, with his skin tone.
text: On the train’s TV in the corner, live news of the EMP
text: explosion is the main attraction. A few blue-collar COMMUTERS
text: watch the TV with interest.
text: Then an image of Bloodshot appears on screen, with the bumper
text: text of “BREAKING NEWS” underneath. So Bloodshot keeps
text: moving, head down, not making eye contact with anyone.
scene_heading: INT. PASSENGER TRAIN - BUSINESS CLASS CAR - DAY
text: Bloodshot slides open the door and steps in.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: This is where the rich ride. One extra-large seat on either
text: side of the main aisle versus two small ones. Leg room.
text: And also virtually empty.
text: In one seat: A foppish BRITISH COMMUTER, sipping a tea while
text: working on his laptop on a tray.
text: Bloodshot eyes that laptop. And sits down across from him.
text: The Brit glances at Bloodshot, then does a double-take.
text: As Bloodshot gets comfortable, the Brit clears his throat.
scene_heading: BRITISH COMMUTER
dialog: Pardon, do you have a ticket?
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Why, is this seat taken?
scene_heading: BRITISH COMMUTER
dialog: I don’t think you belong here.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Everyone keeps telling me that.
text: The Brit starts to stand up, grabbing his laptop --
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: BRITISH COMMUTER
dialog: I’ll have the conductor tell you, so you
dialog: can go back to your hillbilly convention --
text: Bloodshot puts a hand on his shoulder and forcibly sits him
text: back down.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I just need to borrow your laptop.
scene_heading: BRITISH COMMUTER
dialog: For what? A seat warmer?
text: Bloodshot takes the computer from the Brit’s hands and opens
text: it to discover a login screen.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I‘1l just take a minute, I won’t even close
dialog: your browser so you can keep shopping for
dialog: monocles or whatever --
scene_heading: BRITISH COMMUTER
dialog: It’s password protected.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Is it?
text: The password sequence CYCLES THROUGH numbers until -- DING!
scene_heading: BRITISH COMMUTER
dialog: How did you --
text: The screen now displays a web browser; some gateway page to a
dialog: paid porn site -- “Big Busted Brits!”
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Ohh wait, that’s not a monocle site!
text: Red-faced, the Brit now jumps out of his seat and flees for
text: the next car, with the threat over his shoulder:
scene_heading: BRITISH COMMUTER
dialog: The authorities will deal with this!
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: (friendly)
dialog: Oh I think you’re safe to watch porn here,
dialog: don’t worry!
text: Even more incensed, the Brit opens the (electric) pocket door
text: and hurries to the next car.
text: Now temporarily alone, Bloodshot opens a new search screen.
dialog: 77.
dialog: Types in the name: “Nick Baris.”
text: The browser responds with a PINWHEEL ICON.
text: Bloodshot rolls his eyes. Taps the tray-table impatiently --
scene_heading: ON SCREEN: Search results return. News articles. Click --
text: SERIES OF QUICK CUTS: Photos of Baris. Tommy Lao. Freidrich
text: Leipzig. All of them from Bloodshot’s memory. A couple of
text: bars of Led Zeppelin punch through like a broken record.
text: GUNSHOT RIPS US BACK TO: Bloodshot, in shock. His own past is
text: in doubt. More than that, this is a man who suddenly doesn’t
dialog: know quite who he really is.
text: Slowly, carefully, and full of hopes and fears, Bloodshot
text: enters a new name into the search bar -- “Gina Garrison.”
text: He hits ENTER. Nail-biting seconds go by.
text: Bloodshot stares at the screen.
text: Finally, the results. And the top result leads to a Facebook
dialog: personal page...
dialog: Gina Garrison
dialog: Relationship Status not listed
dialog: Currently Living in Florence, Italy
text: Bloodshot stares at that entry.
text: And then down to the location. Florence.
text: The sound of the train slowing down gets his attention.
text: Bloodshot looks up and out the window -- they’re pulling into
text: an urban train station.
text: The foppish Brit is on his way back with a TRAIN OFFICER --
text: Bloodshot points at the pocket door just as the Officer gets
text: to it, and the door BUZZES when the Officer pulls.
text: It’s stuck. The Officer tries again. Still stuck.
text: Bloodshot gets up and waves at the Brit, pointing at his
text: laptop as he heads to the other door:
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (CONT’D)
dialog: All good, thanks!
dialog: 78.
text: He steps out of the car and --
speaker_heading: WHIP-PAN TO:
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN PLATFORM - DAY
text: Bloodshot strides from the train to the sound of an on-board
text: ALARM. As he looks up at the departures board, it’s in
dialog: German, but--
scene_heading: BLOODSHOT’S POV: The German translates real-time to English.
text: One entry highlights: FLORENCE. And the tag: “DELAYED.”
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Trains are supposed to run on time here,
dialog: come on Germany...
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND HUB, RISING SPIRIT - THAT MOMENT
text: Harting enters like he’s out for blood. Snaps at a TECH:
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Have we heard back from him?
speaker_heading: TECH
dialog: Negative.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Hail him. Right now.
text: The room listens via the speaker system to a quick series of
text: CHIMES, reaching out to Bloodshot.
scene_heading: BLOODSHOT’S VOICE
dialog: (over Comms )
dialog: Harting --
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Talk to me, what--
scene_heading: BLOODSHOT’S VOICE
dialog: I’m not really in right now, still trying
dialog: to figure some things out. Just give me a
dialog: little time and leave a message.
text: A long TONE over the speakers, as Harting seethes quietly.
speaker_heading: TECH
text: Went to voicemail.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: IN HIS HEAD?!
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN STATION SHOPPING DISTRICT - DAY
text: At a window for a fashionable clothing store, a mannequin
text: sports a stylish yet masculine OUTFIT, with a longcoat.
text: Bloodshot admires it. Checks his pockets.
scene_heading: INT. ATM STATION - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bloodshot steps up to the cash machine.
text: He puts his hand on the number pad and squints.
text: The screen changes to read: “TEST MODE.”
text: And then: “TESTING DISPENSER.”
text: Euro bills start coughing out at him.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN STATION SHOPPING DISTRICT - DAY
text: Bloodshot walks out of the store in new clothes.
text: The mannequin is now nude in the window.
scene_heading: INT. PARKING GARAGE - DAY
text: A sleek Tesla sport model is parked in the charging station
text: outside the train terminal.
text: Bloodshot steps up to the door. He snaps his fingers. And the
text: lights wink. The doors unlock.
text: Bloodshot grins.
scene_heading: EXT. AUTOBAHN - DAY
text: The electric sedan RIPS PAST US at 120MPH.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND HUB, RISING SPIRIT - NIGHT
text: Harting debriefs Chainsaw Gang via video conference --
speaker_heading: HARTING
text: Our dog is off his leash. Soon as he does a
dialog: little homework, he’s going to Florence.
scene_heading: INT. RST GULF STREAM - INTERCUT WITH ABOVE
text: KP looks uneasy...
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: What’s the play?
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Bring him back. In pieces, if you have to.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Gonna be hard with that healing factor --
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: That EMP scrambled his system. Any of his
dialog: higher functions will be inactive. He’s not
dialog: as tough as he was.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: And if he gets to her before we do?
text: Harting considers the question... point of no return.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Then she’s a liability.
text: Harting signs off. Tibbs glances at KP -- from the look on
text: her face, it’s not clear if she agrees.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: There a problem soldier?
speaker_heading: KP
dialog: No, sir.
text: So Long smiles from ear to ear --
speaker_heading: SO LONG
dialog: Saddle up.
scene_heading: EXT. LANGLEY CIA HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Establishing. The nexus of international intelligence.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY DIRECTOR CARVER (V.O.)
dialog: (pre-lap)
dialog: Let’s get moving.
scene_heading: INT. “STAR CHAMBER” CONFERENCE ROOM
dialog: This room is designed for secret meetings. Kozol stands
text: before a room of SEATED CIA DIRECTORS, all past their 40s;
text: white men in expensive suits and cheap morals.
speaker_heading: KOZOL
text: Project Bloodshot is nearly ready for
dialog: delivery. You'll get your prototype soon.
scene_heading: DIRECTOR WILLIAMSON
dialog: How do we know you aren’t already using it
dialog: for your own purposes?
dialog: 81.
text: The most heavyset of the Directors (BURKE) rolls his eyes and
text: finally leans in, holding a file folder:
scene_heading: CHIEF DIRECTOR BURKE
dialog: We know that answer already.
text: Burke lays down SURVEILLANCE PHOTOS from the folder, arranged
dialog: so Kozol can see them all:
text: They show Bolshoi Port in the wake of the EMP burst. The
text: carnage on the deck of the cargo ship. And finally: Bloodshot
text: lying on the roof, red circular scar aglow as he fades out.
speaker_heading: CHIEF DIRECTOR BURKE (CONT’D)
dialog: And you've been taking him for joy rides.
text: Killing off the competition.
speaker_heading: KOZOL
dialog: It's called “field testing.”
scene_heading: CHIEF DIRECTOR BURKE
dialog: This sort of exposure is what we don’t
dialog: want. It was part of the deal, you know,
dialog: when we gave you four point two billion
dialog: dollars to go make this happen.
scene_heading: DEPUTY DIRECTOR CARVER
dialog: And now it’s worse than that -- you’ve lost
dialog: him. This is not like crashing a stealth
text: bomber in Beijing. Bloodshot is a game-
dialog: changer. This gets to the wrong people, I
dialog: don’t care what the joint chiefs think we
dialog: need you for, you’re done. This kind of
dialog: screw-up, you'll rot in Gitmo.
speaker_heading: KOZOL
dialog: Deputy director, take a breath. I know
dialog: you’re concerned about a killing machine so
dialog: advanced it’s been able to slip across the
dialog: protected borders of seven countries and
text: murder men with round-the-clock security.
dialog: You should be concerned.
text: Kozol pours a glass of water from the carafe at the table.
text: And the CIA men start sweating. This isn't going well...
speaker_heading: KOZOL (CONT'D)
dialog: But rest assured, Rising Spirit is very
dialog: efficient. We work clean. No loose ends, no
dialog: loose lips. Nationality doesn’t matter to
dialog: us; every target is equal. So keep calm, no
dialog: sudden moves, and if you’re lucky, when you
dialog: do encounter Project Bloodshot, it won’t be
dialog: in your house, alone, in the dead of night.
dialog: 82.
text: Kozol sets the water in front of them and walks out.
scene_heading: EXT. FLORENCE - DAY - ESTABLISHING
text: Home of the Renaissance... rebirth. A maze of narrow streets
text: and red rooftops along the winding Arno river. Bloodshot
text: stands outside an electronics store full of cheap gadgets,
text: holding a prepaid phone. The electric sedan is crash-parked
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Listen carefully. You were right. And you
dialog: helped me, which now makes you a target.
dialog: You can go underground, wait it out, or you
dialog: can help me expose Rising Spirit.
scene_heading: INT. KRIEGER’S FLAT - DAY
text: Krieger holds his phone to his ear with one hand as he cooks
text: something over the stove, stirring it with his other. He’s
text: also wearing safety goggles and a lead apron.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: Bloodshot, you one sweet talker.
scene_heading: EXT. 17 VIA RICASOLI - DAY
text: Later. A quaint, romantic little residential street of
text: compact apartment buildings.
text: Bloodshot walks up to the call box on the old seminary turned
text: luxury condo complex... finds the button for 4D. Pauses.
text: Then stops. Like he’s lost his courage for a moment.
text: He then hears a car door slam SHUT somewhere nearby, so he
text: follows an alleyway around, to --
scene_heading: EXT. 17 VIA RICASOLI - PARKING COURTYARD
text: A small open space behind the condo where a handful of little
text: foreign two-seaters are parked...
text: .»+-and a very recognizable PICKUP TRUCK. A little more beat
text: up, but otherwise it’s the one from Bloodshot’s memory.
text: Astonished, Bloodshot approaches it. He reaches out,
text: cautious, and places his hand on the tailgate. Caresses it,
text: as if it were a wild creature easily spooked.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: It’s real...
dialog: 83.
text: That’s what he’s grappling with -- the memories of Gina in
text: Tijuana must have some truth, if the truck is real.
scene_heading: INT. 17 VIA RICASOLI - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bloodshot ascends the stairs, marching to 4D.
text: At the door, he holds up a fist to knock, notices his hand is
text: trembling. He is legitimately nervous about this part; both
text: thrilled and terrified to see his wife.
text: While he holds his fist, trying to steady himself --
text: The door opens, and he is nearly run into by:
text: GINA. Alive and well.
text: She stops an inch short of running into him, and GASPS.
text: Bloodshot’s heart POUNDS. Can't speak. Can't breathe. Can't
dialog: believe what he's seeing...
dialog: And neither can she.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Gina?
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: ..-Ray?
text: They stare at each other in shock... in wonder...
text: But it’s also like an old, deep wound starts bleeding again.
dialog: Either of them may cry at any moment --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: You’re, uh... you’re late.
text: He says it to try and break the incredible tension, but it
text: just brings all the sorrow roiling up even more.
text: Gina doesn't reply with her retort. Instead she reaches out
text: and brushes his cheek with her hand, mystified...
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: You’re real...
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Yeah --
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: I thought you were dead.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I think I was.
dialog: 84.
text: That’s all they can take. Gina steps in for an embrace. The
text: two hold onto each other at the threshold of her door.
scene_heading: INT. GINA’S FLORENCE APARTMENT - DAY
text: Bloodshot sits on the sofa, a glass of water in front of him.
text: Gina stares at him from a chair. Eyes still ready to cry.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: You’re-- it’s like looking at a ghost. I
dialog: feel like if I blink, you’ll be gone.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I have so much to say, I don’t know where
dialog: to start. I thought you were dead, too.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Me? What do you mean?
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
text: I saw it. I was right there.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: In Mexico. Our second honeymoon.
text: Gina frowns. Leans in.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: But. We never went back to Mexico.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I’m talking about when we drove to TJ...
dialog: after Colombia.
text: FLASH ON: the Chevy racing down the highway, water glistening
text: on both sides of the road... too beautiful to be real.
text: Gina searches his eyes... does he really not know?
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Ray... You didn’t come back from Colombia.
text: FLASH ON: Garrison in the jeep riding with the Guerrilla...
dialog: the moment we met him. Everything we’ve seen about his life --
dialog: 
text: Bloodshot’s whole world is spinning. Everything he knows.
dialog: Everything he remembers...
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: So... None of it was real?
dialog: 85.
text: Gina comes over to where he’s sitting and puts her hands on
text: his, forcing him to focus on her:
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Hey. I was left a widow. It was real
dialog: enough. Okay?
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: But how... Were... were we even married?
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Don’t you remember? The little church by
dialog: the beach? The pastor kept calling you
dialog: ‘Gray’? My uncle fell asleep at the table?
text: Bloodshot blinks. God, he wants those memories so badly...
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I don’t remember that.
dialog: (grasping for anything)
dialog: But, but I do remember you like tequila...
dialog: We were somewhere near a beach--
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: You're the one who likes tequila. Not me.
text: Gina starts to realize just how scrambled his brain is.
speaker_heading: GINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Ray... What did they do to you?
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Brought me back from the dead. And then
dialog: gave me a mission. But now, I’m done with
dialog: that -- I found you. Maybe, if I’m close to
dialog: you it will all start to click again --
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Hang on, wait --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: We can have a new life together somewhere --
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: (struggling)
dialog: I... I don’t know if I can do this again.
dialog: It’s too much. Losing you nearly killed me,
dialog: I cried for a year --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: A year? What are you talking about?
text: Gina looks at him. Finally she’s starting to understand what
text: a lost puppy he is inside that amazing fighting machine.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Ray... You died five years ago.
text: Bloodshot blinks. Hit in the gut. The room starts spinning on
text: him. Heart racing. He doesn’t know how to respond to that.
text: But something distracts him, a small noise unheard by Gina.
text: ENDOSCOPIC SHOT: The nanites in his inner ear form conical
text: AMPLIFIERS to zero in on the sounds --
text: BLOODSHOT hears it clearly now, a familiar voice just outside
dialog: the apartment:
speaker_heading: SO LONG (0.S.)
dialog: In position.
text: In a FLASH -- Bloodshot’s on his feet --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: We have to move.
text: But it’s already in motion -- GAS GRENADES crash through the
text: windows, spewing a chemical fog --
text: And with a thunderous BOOM, the front door is blown off its
dialog: hinges with surgical explosives --
text: Bloodshot grabs a shell-shocked Gina and pulls her to the
dialog: bedroom --
text: As they go, TIBBS rappels in from the window, gas mask over
text: his face, assault rifle out, his feet slide on the floor --
text: And Bloodshot DAZES him with a strike, then steals his rifle
text: just as KP and SO LONG storm in from the front --
text: Bloodshot fires off a quick suppressive burst and then gets
dialog: into the bedroom --
scene_heading: INT. GINA’S BEDROOM
text: Gina has her hands over her ears, terrified by the loudness
dialog: of everything --
dialog: Bloodshot points --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Get in there!
text: Gina hurries into the master bathroom.
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: Tibbs has his backup SMG in his hands, and the other two
dialog: flank the bedroom door --
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Wait.
text: Tibbs’ eye switches over to thermographic in a CLICK --
text: He sees Bloodshot’s heat signature shows his location on the
text: other side of the wall. Raises his SMG, and --
text: Bloodshot STEPS ASIDE just as Tibbs fires.
text: What the--? Tibbs aims and fires again --
text: And Bloodshot DUCKS out of the way. The hell?
scene_heading: INT. GINA’S BEDROOM
text: Bloodshot raises his weapon at the wall on this side, aimed
dialog: back at Tibbs --
text: BLOODSHOT’S POV: He’s using the same thermographic imagery to
text: see where Tibbs is standing, and when he returns fire --
text: TIBBS MOVES too. But not nearly as fast. He gets clipped in
text: the shoulder with a grazing wound.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I wasn’t aiming for your head either!
speaker_heading: SO LONG
dialog: Screw this. I’m tired of waiting.
scene_heading: INT. GINA’S BEDROOM
text: Bloodshot rushes into the bathroom and a moment later --
text: The three members of Chainsaw approach the bathroom door with
text: caution, when Tibbs signals for them to hold.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Harting: She’s with him.
speaker_heading: HARTING’S VOICE
dialog: Then bring her in, same as him.
scene_heading: INT. GINA’S BATHROOM
text: Bloodshot grabs Gina and moves her to the window.
dialog: 88.
text: Peeking out the open window, it’s big enough for them both to
dialog: fit through, but --
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: It’s too far down!
text: Yeah, just a slanted red-tile roof off into god knows what.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Do you still trust me?
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Oh hell, this is gonna hurt...
text: He holds out his hands, his back to the open window, one foot
text: perched on the frame -- starts breathing short breaths as if
text: to psych himself up for what he’s about to do --
speaker_heading: SO LONG (0.S.)
dialog: Allow me --
text: So Long KICKS down the door with his cybernetic leg --
text: And Bloodshot falls backward right out the window with Gina.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. 17 VIA RICASOLI
text: They fall one story onto the hard red tile --
text: Bloodshot cradling Gina against him protectively as they
text: slide hard right off the slanted roof --
text: For a two-story FREEFALL --
text: CRASHING down through the fabric-awning roof of a FOOD CART.
text: Gina rolls off, harmlessly landing on all fours next to the
text: mutilated cart with Bloodshot atop it, a mass of broken
dialog: limbs, neck, ribs.
text: Gina sees and gasps.
text: She gasps again when Bloodshot STANDS UP.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Oh my god, Ray --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Give me a minute.
dialog: 89.
text: He cracks his head back into place. Resets his ribs. Rotates
text: his shoulders. Everything seemingly in order --
text: But she’s staring at him in horror. One hand over her mouth,
text: the other pointed right at him, at...
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Your, your fingers are --
text: Whoops. The fingers of his left hand are still terribly
text: askew, wrenched in all directions.
text: Bloodshot slaps it against his leg, and they click back into
text: their joints in the proper direction.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: All good. I’1l walk it off.
scene_heading: INT. GINA’S BEDROOM
text: So Long stares out the window, getting angrier.
speaker_heading: SO LONG
dialog: Are you kidding me?
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: They’re mobile.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND HUB - SAME
text: Harting watches. Pissed.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Chainsaw, I’ve invested half a billion
dialog: dollars in you. ACT LIKE IT.
scene_heading: INT. PICKUP TRUCK - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bloodshot’s at the wheel...
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: This is... so messed up, Ray. Who are they?
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: They’re bad people, Gina. Everything they
text: touch turns bad.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: They were trying to kill us both back
dialog: there! In my apartment! Who does that?
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: That was my fault. It was wrong of me to
dialog: track you down like this. Let me deal with
dialog: them and we can start over.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: I buried you once already. I can’t go
dialog: through that again.
text: From a side street: a black SUV in pursuit. Several blocks
text: back and gaining.
text: Bloodshot takes a corner and brakes. He faces Gina:
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I will come back for you.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: (both scared and hopeful)
dialog: Will you?
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Wish me luck.
text: She can do that. Gina pulls him to her...
text: ...and kisses him as if she’d been waiting years for it.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: That’s the best I can do.
text: Bloodshot blinks, then grabs her for another kiss, this time
dialog: a little deeper...
text: They pull away. And some internal switch has flipped deep
text: inside Bloodshot. Like despite all the false memories, he now
dialog: knows what’s real: The love they had.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: INT. SUV - MOVING
text: KP guns the SUV around the corner, wheels skidding --
text: And the pickup is out of view, but instead they see:
scene_heading: BLOODSHOT -- RUNNING RIGHT AT THEM.
speaker_heading: SO LONG
dialog: Run him down.
text: KP GUNS it -- Tibbs opens fire -- through the windshield --
scene_heading: glass SHATTERS -- PEDESTRIANS SCREAM --
dialog: gl.
text: Bloodshot -- takes a BULLET -- than another -- keeps
text: RUNNING -- SUV coming right at him -- and then he JUMPS --
text: VAULTING RIGHT THROUGH the SUV.
dialog: INT. SUV
text: The windshield caves in on them as Bloodshot’s momentum keeps
text: launching him into the backseat -- a stray fist PUNCHING
dialog: So Long as he goes by -- then --
dialog: EXT. SUV
text: -- Bloodshot comes CRASHING out the rear window, a mess of a
text: man full of cut glass and broken limbs...
text: He rolls on the ground to a heap a dozen yards away.
text: And then... Bloodshot GETS BACK UP. And shakes it off.
dialog: INT. SUV
text: KP shoves the windshield out -- puts it in reverse -- Tibbs
text: SPINS around with his rifle -- pointed right at So Long --
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Duck --
text: He hits the deck -- Tibbs FIRES --
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS OF FLORENCE
text: Bloodshot -- takes a bullet -- another -- stumbles --
text: The SUV SLAMS into him again, running him down --
text: KP mashes the brakes and everyone stares out the front at:
text: BLOODSHOT, who despite both hit-and-run encounters...
text: gets back up. Paler than before. Arm definitely broken --
dialog: Oh wait, he just shook it back into place.
text: So Long grins and steps out.
speaker_heading: SO LONG
dialog: I’ll take it from here.
text: So Long UNLOADS his assault rifle into Bloodshot -- stepping
text: for him as he does, “walking” his fire --
text: Bloodshot, taking multiple hits in the chest and legs -- he
text: falls again -- and this time he’s not getting up.
text: Among the screams of bystanders, a distant roaring engine --
dialog: 92.
dialog: So Long steps for Bloodshot, taunting:
speaker_heading: SO LONG (CONT’D)
dialog: Good news is, you won’t remember any of
dialog: this. You won’t know to be pissed at me for
dialog: filling you full of holes. You won’t even
dialog: know that hot wife is alive.
dialog: (off Bloodshot’s reaction)
dialog: That hits you hard, don’t it --
text: -- and then So Long is SMASHED by a collision from Gina's
text: truck, rammed right at him. He’s thrown a dozen yards away.
text: Gina piles out and rushes to Bloodshot’s side, kneeling down.
text: Bloodshot is bleeding black everywhere. And now he’s gone
text: from white to grey.
text: THE BLOOD occasionally flickers with tendrils of bio-electric
text: energy. A tiny, liquid thunderstorm. They start to short out.
text: And then that RED CIRCLE pulses through his shirt. Warning.
text: His eyes drift in and out of focus.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Ray, don’t do this again --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: (rough whisper)
dialog: Get out of here... Before...
text: Bloodshot's gaze drifts off to a distant stare and he stops
text: breathing. He's dead.
text: Gina folds over his body, shoulders lurching in fresh grief.
text: And then KP steps up, weapon out...
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: So Long gets back up and joins KP. But he picks Gina up
text: roughly to carry her to the SUV...
text: And Gina just keeps reaching out for Bloodshot. Devastated.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: INT. RESURRECTION ROOM - DAY
text: Bloodshot’s mangled corpse is loaded into the tank.
scene_heading: INT. STERILE AREA - CONTINUOUS
text: Harting and Tibbs watch.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Think you can bring him back?
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Only one way to find out.
text: He signals to a Tech --
speaker_heading: HARTING (CONT'D)
dialog: (Cantonese, subtitled)
dialog: Begin transfusion.
scene_heading: INT. RESURRECTION ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The circular needle array moves into place... thousands of
text: little daggers gleaming in the light. With a sudden JERK --
text: they SLAM into Bloodshot’s chest -- CRACKING his sternum.
text: Dark fluid is pumped down the needle array... flowing into
text: Bloodshot’s body.
text: Slowly his wounds begin to heal -- bone and flesh reforming.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. STERILE AREA - CONTINUOUS
text: Tibbs can hardly believe his prosthetic eyes...
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: You sure these are working?
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: (Cantonese, subtitled)
dialog: Initiate sequence.
scene_heading: INT. RESURRECTION ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Off Bloodshot’s lifeless face -- CUT TO:
text: STROBING LIGHT. Sun blasts between overhead vegetation as we
dialog: drive quickly through --
scene_heading: EXT. ANDES MOUNTAINS, COLOMBIA - DAY
text: Just like before. They hit a bump, Garrison eyes the rebel
text: with the AK-47...
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: Mind pointing that somewhere else? Rather
dialog: not die by pothole.
scene_heading: INT. RESURRECTION ROOM, STERILE AREA - DAY
text: Harting watches the real-time CT scan...
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: You planting a new target?
speaker_heading: HARTING
text: Time for enemy number one. Toyo Harada.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: You think our boy’s ready?
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: No. But Kozol made the call. So by this
dialog: time tomorrow, our man will think Harada
dialog: murdered him and his wife while they were
dialog: in Mexico.
text: Harting checks another monitor: sequence 12% complete.
speaker_heading: HARTING (CONT'D)
dialog: Speaking of... should be crossing the
dialog: border about now.
scene_heading: EXT. SILVER STRAND BLVD - SUNSET
text: The Chevy RACES down the highway, water glistening as the sun
text: sets, too beautiful to be real... because it's not.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: We had our honeymoon in Mexico... so, it’s
dialog: not that bad.
text: Gina pulls her hair up... she’s so beautiful. So alive. Off
dialog: Garrison's face --
text: FLASH TO: Gina at her apartment in Florence -- her hair
text: shorter and darker.
text: BACK TO: Garrison... lost in thought.
speaker_heading: GINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, you here with me -- or somewhere else?
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: Your hair... was it shorter?
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: When I was in like, high school.
text: Garrison tries to shake it off.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: Had this image of you... with shorter hair.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Must be thinking about your other wife...
dialog: 95.
text: He forces a smile. She takes his hand....
speaker_heading: GINA (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m just happy you're back...
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: (loaded)
dialog: Yeah. Me, too.
scene_heading: INT. RESURRECTION ROOM, STERILE AREA
text: Tibbs speaks in hushed tones with Harting... So Long just in
text: ear shot.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: What do you wanna do about the wife?
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: She stays. She’s insurance.
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Insurance for what?
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: In case the memory implants don’t work on
dialog: our boy, and he needs a fresh reminder.
text: So Long looks to Tibbs to make sure he gets Harting’s meaning
text: and makes a gun with his fingers -- kill her?
text: Tibbs nods: Yeah, he means kill her.
text: So Long shoots a look across the room at:
speaker_heading: SO LONG
text: KP... not sure she’s on board, boss.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: She'll get on board, or she’ll be back on a
text: ventilator at Walter Reed.
scene_heading: INT. TJ HOTEL - DAWN
text: The street below is quiet. Gina lies in Garrison's arms...
text: they’re both somewhere between dreaming and awake.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Who do you think our kid would look like?
text: Garrison smiles, but then it fades. He finds himself saying:
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: I got a few more years of the work in me.
dialog: 96.
text: Gina’s smile fades.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: I know. I’m not pushing you.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: I just can’t be both.
text: Off Garrison's face --
text: FLASH TO: Gina staring right at us in Florence with the
dialog: bombshell news...
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: It's been five years.
text: BACK TO: Garrison waking up in TJ -- uneasy. Waking Gina --
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: It isn’t real.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: This.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Hey. Take a breath.
text: Garrison's agitated. Upset. Is he losing his mind?
speaker_heading: GINA (CONT'D)
dialog: You had a bad dream, that’s all.
text: Gina takes his hand, tempts him back into bed... all he wants
text: is to be with her... so he gives in.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND HUB - DAY
text: Harting’s staring at one of the monitors, observing the
text: resurrection process, while Tibbs escorts a nervous-as-hell
text: Gina into the control room.
speaker_heading: HARTING
text: His CT deviated... but now it’s back.
dialog: There’s always some variation.
text: Gina sees Ray in the tank on the monitor. It’s heartbreaking.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: What did you do to him...?
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Saved his life. Ray Garrison was a capable
text: soldier, proficient in close quarters
text: combat, small arms, and heavy ordinance.
dialog: But the deadliest weapon in his whole
dialog: arsenal? The one he’s used to kill with
dialog: astonishing success?
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: You. His love for you.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: What?
text: Harting keys a sequence and several PROFILES appear on the
text: monitors before them. We recognize them: Bloodshot’s former
dialog: targets. Axe, Baris, the German, etc. And one new face we'll
dialog: learn is TOYO HARADA.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: These men were notorious criminals. And no
dialog: one could get to them. Not until your
dialog: husband. Not until he believed he was
dialog: avenging your death.
dialog: (right at Gina)
dialog: Isn't that incredible?
text: She stares at him in shock. He’s being genuine -- Harting
text: truly is impressed by this, and assumes she will, too.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: You turned him into a monster.
text: Harting’s proud smile fades.
speaker_heading: HARTING
text: You’re staring at a literal death-defying
dialog: invention and you choose to respond with
dialog: insults? Do you know how much was
dialog: sacrificed to build what you see here?
text: But Gina goes cold, answering:
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Yes. His whole future.
text: A TECHNICIAN interrupts the moment by bringing Harting a
text: small BOX containing three metal ORB-like devices.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: These are from R&D?
text: The Tech nods. Harting holds one in his hand, proud.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: My contingency plan.
scene_heading: INT. BARN - CONTINUOUS
text: Hood comes off -- Led Zeppelin BLASTING. In front of Garrison
text: is that high-value target pictured on Harting’s view screen:
text: TOYO HARADA, 40s, dressed in a sharp suit.
text: Garrison's groggy... confused... Deja Vu overwhelming...
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: Zeppelin. Always Zeppelin.
speaker_heading: HARADA
dialog: I’m not here to talk music --
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: You’re going to ask me about Colombia,
dialog: right? That’s why I remember the mission,
dialog: so this will feel real...
speaker_heading: HARADA
dialog: Oh, this is very real.
text: Harada signals his men -- they drag in Gina -- bound and
text: gagged. Off Garrison’s face --
text: FLASH TO: the real Gina kissing him in the truck... That
text: unforgettable goodbye kiss.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BACK TO:
text: Garrison -- it all snaps into place -- none of this is real.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: Go ahead -- shoot her.
text: Harada almost drops his .45... wasn’t expecting that.
speaker_heading: GARRISON (CONT’D)
dialog: You’re going to do it anyway.
speaker_heading: HARADA
dialog: Not if you tell me what I want to know.
text: A terrified Gina looks to Garrison... why are you doing this?
text: And he looks back at her, his heart breaking all over again.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: Nothing I say or do will matter. It’s too
dialog: late... I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: HARADA
dialog: Me, too.
text: GUNSHOT -- Gina’s head snaps back -- blood splatters --
text: Garrison hyperventilates -- looks pretty damn real.
speaker_heading: GARRISON
dialog: bo IT.
text: Garrison braces for what he knows is coming next--
speaker_heading: GARRISON (CONT’D)
text: JUST FUCKING DO IT.
text: Harada points his .45 at Garrison...
speaker_heading: HARADA
dialog: Thanks for the advice.
scene_heading: GUNSHOT -- RIPPING US BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. SENSORY DEPRAVATION TANK
text: Bloodshot wakes with a start... a twinkle in his eye.
text: He knows exactly where he is.
speaker_heading: HARTING’S VOICE
text: Language centers online.
dialog: (in English)
dialog: Identify yourself.
text: Bloodshot thrashes violently -- skin pale as a ghost.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I don’t know --
dialog: (enraged)
dialog: WHY DON’T I KNOW?!?
speaker_heading: HARTING’S VOICE
dialog: Begin sedation.
scene_heading: INT. RECOVERY ROOM - DAY
text: Bloodshot sits up suddenly. Tries to get his bearings.
text: Notices all the security cameras pointed at him.
text: He opens his shirt to see the telltale red circle as it fades
text: to reveal the scar.
text: He touches it, as if trying to remember where he got it.
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: INT. OBSERVATION ROOM
text: Harting turns to one of the techs...
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: What sport should I go with this time?
dialog: Tennis or Cricket?
scene_heading: INT. RECOVERY ROOM
text: Bloodshot looks up as Harting enters...
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: How are you feeling?
text: Harting steps closer... Bloodshot blinks, groggy. He tenderly
text: touches his head as if it were throbbing from a bender.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Hell of a hangover.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: So you remember what a hangover feels like?
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Unfortunately, yes.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: That’s good...
text: Harting watches Bloodshot for a long moment, studying him.
text: Then, when Harting reaches to check his vitals --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: That’s not all I remember --
text: Bloodshot LUNGES at Harting -- who SPINS towards the exit --
speaker_heading: HARTING
scene_heading: EMERGENCY PROTOCOL --—
text: Bloodshot closes -- fast -- but Harting makes it out first --
text: SLAMS the door -- Bloodshot RAILS against the glass panel --
speaker_heading: HARTING (CONT'D)
dialog: Where’s the gas?!?
text: Suddenly the room fills with a chemical fog -- Bloodshot
text: starts to lose consciousness... with his last ounce of
text: strength he hits the glass one final time --
text: And it SHATTERS. Air rushes in as the gas seeps out --
text: Harting covers his face --
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: HARTING (CONT'D)
dialog: Seal the room --
text: Techs and security retreat out of the lab... leaving
text: Bloodshot all alone.
text: Staring out at something we can’t see, he vocalizes a command
dialog: to the nanites --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Show me security camera feed.
text: BLOODSHOT POV: An overlay appears, showing various security
text: cameras of the facility.
text: Several persons of interest are visually ‘tagged’ when
text: spotted on cameras, like Harting, So Long, Tibbs...
text: And then one camera reveals GINA, pacing in a locked room.
text: Bloodshot blinks.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (CONT’D)
dialog: Gina.
text: Bloodshot gets up and goes for a camera in the corner.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND HUB
text: Tibbs meets Harting as he enters --
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: I’m not sure...
text: ON THE MONITOR: Bloodshot breaks a light -- crosses the
text: wires -- then BLACKNESS.
text: Tibbs sees this, and it’s all he needs to get moving:
speaker_heading: TIBBS (INTO COM)
text: Chainsaw -- Bloodshot is escaping. Block
dialog: off all exits --
text: Harting snaps his fingers when he catches sight of Bloodshot
text: (via security cameras) rushing deeper into the facility...
text: Right past the stairwell door marked “EXIT.”
speaker_heading: HARTING
text: No. He’s not escaping. He’s going deeper
text: into the lab.
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: INT. INFUSION LAB ENTRY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bloodshot sees the elevator rising to his floor --
text: BLOODSHOT POV: And on one of the security camera windows in
text: his mind’s eye, the elevator is packed with a SECURITY TEAM
text: in full armor, assault rifles, and grenades.
text: DING! The elevator doors slide open -- a SOLDIER steps out in
text: the lead with a ballistic shield, leading the rest --
text: -- and Bloodshot strikes from above, having clung to the
text: ceiling overhead -- punching and kicking while they’re all
text: bunched up and too close to fire --
text: Some get a few bursts off but the rounds chew right through
text: Bloodshot and wind up killing TEAMMATES behind him until --
text: Boom, the last goes down. Bloodshot’s surrounded by bodies.
text: But now there are sounds of the Chainsaw gang approaching
text: from the stairwell.
text: Only one way to get past: the infusion lab. Bloodshot puts a
text: grenade to the lab doors on the handle and pulls the pin.
text: He then looks around for somewhere to find cover -- oh shit,
dialog: there’s nowhere to hide really --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Ah hell --
text: He grabs the ballistic shield and crouches behind it, then is
text: BLOWN BACK when the grenade detonates in a fiery explosion.
scene_heading: INT. INFUSION LAB - MOMENTS LATER
text: Fire and smoke and alarms. But where is -- oh here he comes:
text: Bloodshot walks through the wall of flames... emerging on the
text: other side ON FIRE, like some demon stepping out of hell...
dialog: ...-but then the nanites are so good at healing him, the fire
text: actually snuffs out as he strides for the exit.
dialog: 
text: A faint ringing CHIRP from Bloodshot’s head, then:
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Tell me you're here.
scene_heading: EXT. RISING SPIRIT - NIGHT
text: Sitting in a white, unmarked van outside -- none other than
text: that crazy Russian ALEXI KRIEGER. Into his phone:
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: Waiting outside. Parking is terrible. You
dialog: on your way down?
speaker_heading: INTERCUT
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Not yet.
text: With that, Bloodshot is on the move again.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR
text: Chainsaw emerges from the freight elevator...
speaker_heading: TIBBS (INTO COM)
dialog: Place is on fire, Doc. He won’t last long.
speaker_heading: HARTING’S VOICE (THROUGH COM)
dialog: If he destroys more property in there,
dialog: neither will you.
scene_heading: INT. SUB-BASEMENT
text: Bloodshot’s surrounded by flames... but he’s nonplussed,
text: kicking at the exit doors, breaking the lock.
text: Suddenly -- GUNSHOT. His shoulder explodes with inky black
dialog: blood. Direct hit from:
speaker_heading: TIBBS
text: Near the entrance -- smoke obscuring his view --
text: TIBBS’S POV: Bloodshot’s thermal image is clearly visible.
scene_heading: Trigger squeeze -- BULLET POV -- ROCKET towards --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
text: Nearly takes another hit. He closes his eyes -- exhales --
text: ENDOSCOPIC SHOT: Bloodshot’s heart -- nanites slow the blood
dialog: flow so that his body cools and --
text: TIBBS’S POV: Bloodshot’s thermal image disappears.
dialog: 
text: Tibbs turns to KP and So Long --
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: We're going in.
speaker_heading: SO LONG
dialog: Oorah.
dialog: 104.
text: So Long stomps forward in his exoskeleton, pulls down his
text: skull-shaped ballistic face mask. KP’s not nearly as gung-ho.
text: DEEPER IN THE LAB
text: Bloodshot hides. Suddenly -- he hears an high-pitched whine --
text: WHAM -- Bloodshot gets HAMMERED by So Long’s sound cannon.
text: The big man STOMPS forward through the smoke -- looking like
text: a mechanical monster from hell.
speaker_heading: SO LONG
dialog: Ready to end this dance?
text: The sound cannon WHINES -- then fires again -- BASHING
text: Bloodshot against the wall. Just as he lifts his head --
text: KP steps in and fires a bioweapon capsule -- it misses --
text: -- and the capsule hits a WALL, eating through it like acid.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: You don’t have to do this...
speaker_heading: KP
dialog: I’m doing my job.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Is it your job to murder innocents?
dialog: Like my wife?
dialog: This is what’s been weighing on KP’s conscience...
text: Bloodshot tries to crawl away... So Long stalks after him --
speaker_heading: SO LONG
dialog: Know what’s funny? All you cared about was
dialog: getting the guy who killed your old lady...
text: Sound cannon FIRES again -- Bloodshot ducks -- BLAST takes
text: out the wall -- revealing an aquatic training room.
speaker_heading: SO LONG (CONT’D)
dialog: And now she’s got to die. Might as well
dialog: have killed her yourself.
text: To punctuate his remark, So Long recharges his sonic gun.
text: As it WHINES, Bloodshot tries to find cover in the --
dialog: 105.
scene_heading: AQUATIC TRAINING ROOM
text: So Long's right behind him -- Bloodshot crawls to the edge of
text: the pool... can’t go any further, trapped.
text: So he PUNCHES the red switch on So Long’s belt.
speaker_heading: SO LONG
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You broke the emergency release? Why would
dialog: I ever want to take this off?
text: Raises his foot to SQUASH Bloodshot’s head --
speaker_heading: SO LONG (CONT’D)
dialog: I can’t crush your skull without it --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Yeah, but you can’t swim with it --
text: Bloodshot PUSHES So Long into the massive pool. At the last
text: moment, just before he’s underwater, So Long reaches out and
text: PULLS Bloodshot in with him --
dialog: 
text: SPLASH -- The two men SINK to the bottom... But it’s clear
text: for So Long -- the exoskeleton is drowning him.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: So Long and Bloodshot wrestle, So Long trying to keep his
text: opponent underwater with him, but Bloodshot won’t drown.
text: So Long SCREAMS underwater with his last breath, a final air
text: bubble rolling out of his open mouth...
text: And Bloodshot flips the bird at him in farewell.
text: Breaking free, Bloodshot returns to the surface --
scene_heading: INT. POOL ROOM
text: -- and climbs out, spewing water from his mouth, just as
text: Tibbs steps in, noticing So Long in the pool --
speaker_heading: TIBBS
dialog: Son of a bitch.
text: Like an animal, Tibbs turns on Bloodshot -- beating him --
text: Just as he’s about to deliver the death blow -- KP intervenes
dialog: and GRABS his hand --
speaker_heading: KP
dialog: We're not murderers.
dialog: 106.
text: Tibbs SWINGS at KP -- CRACK -- she goes down HARD. He SWINGS
text: again -- but she sprays a neurotoxin in his face first --
text: Tibbs drops, paralyzed.
text: MOMENTS LATER: Bloodshot helps KP escape the fire... she’s
text: hurting badly.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Get out of here. There’s a crazy Russian
dialog: outside, he’ll take care of you. Trust me.
speaker_heading: KP
dialog: I’m sorry. For what we did to you.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: It was Harting -- he used us both.
speaker_heading: KP
dialog: He’1l use your wife to stop you.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: That’s what he always does. But it won’t
dialog: work this time.
text: He kicks open the stairwell door and leads KP inside.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND HUB - THAT MOMENT
text: Harting watches on monitors -- chaos everywhere -- but he
text: gets an idea. He reaches over and grabs one of the small
text: metal DEVICES brought in earlier.
speaker_heading: HARTING
text: Scuttle the facility and ready the chopper.
dialog: Time to uproot and start fresh in Nevada.
scene_heading: EXT. RISING SPIRIT - NIGHT
text: An explosion spouts fire from a pair of windows. In the
text: distance: sirens.
text: AT THE PARKING LOT
text: TECHS flee the smoke-filled building, cradling Rising Spirit
text: technology as sirens blare from the facility.
text: Another TECH in a lab coat and breathing mask stands at the
text: back of an open van --
speaker_heading: GAS MASK TECH
dialog: Stow your tech here! Hurry!
text: The TECHS all drop off their hardware in the van --
dialog: 107.
text: When the last one runs off... And Gas Mask Tech pulls off his
text: gas mask to reveal it’s KRIEGER.
text: Krieger smiles at the van full of priceless RST property.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: Merry Christmas to me.
scene_heading: INT. HOLDING CELL - NIGHT
text: Gina jumps as something BASHES the door to her cell. WHUMP.
text: WHUMP. And then it comes crashing open.
text: Gina coils, ready to defend herself, when --
text: Bloodshot steps in.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Ray!
dialog: (then, hesitant)
dialog: Is it you?
text: He notices his alabaster flesh, his circular scar, traces of
text: black nanite blood on his body like remnants of a tattoo...
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I’m not sure.
text: Gina goes to him, both drawn to the man she loved, and a bit
text: fearful of what he’s become. She’s seen it firsthand now.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: I saw what they did to you. What they've
dialog: been doing... I had no idea...
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I know.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You shouldn't even be here. Let’s fix that.
scene_heading: INT. RST FOURTH FLOOR LOBBY - MOMENTS LATER
text: An elevator opens its doors. Bloodshot gets Gina inside and
text: starts to step in, but pauses at the threshold.
text: BLOODSHOT’S POV: In one corner of his vision, a security
text: camera viewpoint, showing Harting in a server room. An
text: overlay graphic indicates what Harting is doing --
text: He's downloading the Bloodshot program data. 20%... 25%...
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Ray? What is it?
dialog: 108.
text: Bloodshot remains at the threshold. Not stepping in.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I have a ride waiting for you downstairs.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: What about us?
text: Beat. Bloodshot eventually shakes his head ‘no.’
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I can’t remember us. I don’t even remember
dialog: our wedding night.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Then we have another one. What does it
dialog: matter? Ray, I don’t love you for what you
dialog: remember, I love you for who you are.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Gina, they will keep coming at me until I’m
dialog: dead, or I stop them. I may be dead either
dialog: way. But I have one chance to stop Harting.
text: She knows what he’s saying. A kind of goodbye.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Ray. Please...
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: What would he do? Ray. The man you married.
text: It’s a direct question, and the answer pains Gina. But she
dialog: won't lie to him.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: He would stop the bad guys, once and for
dialog: all. And then he’d come back to me.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Because you did it once already.
text: The building rumbles again -- some interior explosion from
text: deep within its walls. Their time is running out.
text: He pulls her close and kisses her. When he steps back, the
text: elevator doors close between them. As they close --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I love you.
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Kick his ass for me.
text: With that, Bloodshot is off and running.
scene_heading: INT. RST SERVER ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bloodshot KICKS open the door, stepping to the center of the
text: room stacked with computer towers. At one station, the data
dialog: download is still running: 85%... 90%...
text: From behind, Harting AMBUSHES Bloodshot -- gets Bloodshot in
text: a choke-hold with his cyber-arm.
text: Bloodshot struggles to break free... His face turning red...
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: I put years of work into you. You’re the
dialog: best idea I’ve ever had. Do you understand
dialog: how this makes me feel?
text: Bloodshot then BREAKS HIS OWN ARM at the elbow so it can
text: reach backward and grab hold of Harting’s head --
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I was a soldier, you made me a killer!
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: What's the difference?
text: Bloodshot finally kicks Harting back into --
scene_heading: INT. ROBOTICS LAB
text: Harting stands, backs up, looking for a way out, for
dialog: something to use on Bloodshot here --
text: He finds the Japanese SHORT SWORD on a table. Picks it up.
text: Bloodshot steps in. A silhouette against the lights from
text: outside. His eyes shine red, his teeth white. For one frame
text: of the movie he is a comic book panel.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: That knife can’t stop me, doc.
text: Harting pulls out the DEVICE from R&D and thumbs a power
text: button on its top.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: It can with this.
dialog: 110.
text: Harting throws the device -- Bloodshot takes a step back,
text: then as it WINKS like a grenade he decides to grab it and
dialog: throw it back out the door when --
text: The device DETONATES -- but instead of an explosion a bluish
text: sphere of ENERGY pulses out from the device in a silent
dialog: balloon of light --
text: -- all the robotics and computers in a six-foot radius around
text: Bloodshot instantly POWER DOWN --
text: And Bloodshot falls heavily to the floor.
text: The RED CIRCLE in his chest throbs red, and then fizzles to a
text: dull gray. Along with the rest of his skin.
text: Harting steps close, looming over Bloodshot.
speaker_heading: HARTING (CONT'D)
dialog: Martin Axe had the right idea. He just went
dialog: too big. All it takes to drop you is one
dialog: contained electro-magnetic pulse.
text: Bloodshot tries to move, but every motion is painful.
speaker_heading: HARTING (CONT'D)
dialog: The nanites have helped you with
dialog: everything. Without them, you’re just
text: Ray Garrison. And Ray Garrison is dead.
text: Bloodshot reaches out for Harting.
text: Harting remains an inch beyond reach. Staring down at him.
speaker_heading: HARTING (CONT'D)
dialog: I had such hopes for us.
dialog: (then)
dialog: This hurts me more than it does you,
dialog: believe me.
text: Harting thrusts the blade into Bloodshot’s chest.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: Harting walks away, leaving Bloodshot on the floor, bleeding
text: out black blood like an oil spill.
text: The red emergency lights clack on. Sirens blare. The facility
text: is prepping for self-destruct.
text: Bloodshot stares at the ceiling with red eyes. The black
text: nanite-filled blood seeps out...
text: Bloodshot sees a WORK LIGHT still on, a dozen feet away.
dialog: 111.
text: With every last ounce of strength, in his dying breaths, he
text: crawls to the power cable strewn on the floor.
text: He then pulls out the sword from his chest. That starts
text: another stream of black blood onto the floor.
text: Bloodshot’s final action: He slams the blade down on the
text: power cable, severing it.
text: He then falls over, dead. Nothing left in him.
text: The inert nanite blood pools, creeping toward --
text: The LIVE WIRE. And when the black fluid touches it...
text: A ripple of ELECTRICITY SNAKES THROUGH the blood.
text: For a moment it’s like a lightning storm inside a black
text: cloud. And then, just like that --
text: The blood stops seeping out. It REVERSES DIRECTION.
text: BLOODSHOT’S DEAD EYES flutter, then blink.
text: BLOODSHOT’S POV: Self-diagnostic data scrolls past his field
text: of view along with the big words: “REBOOT SEQUENCE.”
text: Suddenly he takes a big breath. Sits up.
text: Overhead, the sound of a helicopter powering up.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP HELIPAD - NIGHT
text: Harting hurries for the chopper, the PILOT gesturing for him
text: when -- SLAM -- stairwell door flies open behind Harting.
text: It’s Bloodshot. He THROWS Harting’s sword, hard as he can.
text: Harting dodges it. Faces Bloodshot defiantly:
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: You missed.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Wasn’t aiming for you.
text: Harting looks back -- the Pilot is now crumpled over the
text: yoke, the sword buried in his back.
text: Harting moves for Bloodshot now. Harting hits hard with his
text: cyber-arm, but Bloodshot takes the punch --
text: Every time it looks like his jaw is broken, it immediately
text: resets. Even the bruising disappears.
dialog: 112.
text: But it just makes Harting more furious, and he SLAMS
text: Bloodshot down, this time making him spit up black blood.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: I’ve killed you before.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I’ve learned a thing or two since then.
text: The black blood spilling from Bloodshot’s wound suddenly
text: begins to rise like a tendril --
text: As if the nanite-controlled plasma were its own creature --
text: -- and it STRIKES into Harting’s cyber-arm, pulsing with a
dialog: synaptic bio-electric current --
text: The sparks SHORT-CIRCUIT that arm, seizing it up --
text: And now Harting’s arm is LOCKED IN PLACE, firmly gripping
text: Bloodshot’s arm. The two men are as good as handcuffed.
text: The battle has swayed in Bloodshot’s favor. Harting can’t
text: keep up with Bloodshot’s relentless assault, especially with
text: just one free arm.
text: With every strike, Bloodshot pushes Harting to the edge of
text: the roof. Harting knows he’s losing. Starts to get desperate.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Wait! I can give you what you want.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: What.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: Your memories. Every night with your wife.
dialog: Every friend you ever had. I can give you
dialog: your life back.
text: It weighs on Bloodshot’s heart, this offer. Ten minutes ago
dialog: it’s all he would have wanted. But now...
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I don’t need it anymore.
text: Bloodshot drags them both to the lip of the roof, teetering a
text: dozen stories from the ground. The building burns. Harting is
text: terrified, in disbelief at what is about to happen.
speaker_heading: HARTING
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Bloodshot uses Harting’s own words back at him:
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
text: Stepping off the ledge.
text: With that, Bloodshot hurls himself and Harting off the roof.
text: WIDE ANGLE: The two figures fall 200 feet -- but only one
text: voice SCREAMS all the way down: Harting. The ground rushes up
dialog: for them, and then:
speaker_heading: BLACKNESS
text: And we just sit there for a beat. After what feels like an
text: eternity... a red light begins to flash, revealing --
scene_heading: INT. RECOVERY ROOM - DAY
text: Bloodshot wakes with a start -- back in a hospital gown.
text: Krieger is right there, waiting for him.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: Wait, that worked? That worked! I must
dialog: write this down.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Hell of a hangover.
text: Krieger smiles, happy with his science work.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: Good. Next question. What do you remember?
text: A beat. Bloodshot looks around, takes in the room. It’s not
text: much more than a warehouse, stocked with high-tech gadgets
text: and other junk MacGuyvered into useful tools.
text: And then standing farther back is KP. Watching curiously.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Enough. And you can call me Ray.
text: He slowly gets out of the bed. Rolls his shoulders. And notes
text: the crazy machinery that brought him back.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (CONT’D)
dialog: How permanent is this?
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: Ehh, a month? A week? It is a mystery.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: Great, just great. Love specific answers.
dialog: (then)
dialog: And Harting?
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
text: Dead. But he is easily replaced. RST is a
dialog: giant monster. You just hacked off one
dialog: finger, really. Start looking over your
dialog: shoulder, friend, they will be after you
dialog: soon as they find out you are alive.
text: Bloodshot nods. Blinks. The next question is the hardest:
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: What about Gina?
speaker_heading: KRIEGER
dialog: Back home. Safe and sound. For now. Like
dialog: with you, is just a matter of time.
text: Bloodshot lets out a breath. Looks around. Goes to KP.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: KP. Good to see you.
speaker_heading: KP
dialog: Good to see you. Again. Finally I don’t
dialog: have to pretend this is your first rodeo.
dialog: So... What happens now?
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: I didn’t think I’d live to see this far.
speaker_heading: KP
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So I guess you’re going back to your wife?
dialog: Bloodshot wants that more than anything. But...
scene_heading: EXT. VIA RICASOLI - DAY
text: Gina walks down a cobblestone alley, carrying groceries.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (V.O.)
dialog: Not yet...
text: She steps into the parking courtyard and stops, surprised.
text: HER PICKUP is fully repaired and washed. The collision with
text: So Long is now hardly a dent on the front grill.
text: Gina is confused and shocked, but then she realizes. Grins.
text: Her husband is still out there.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT (V.O.)
dialog: I still have work to do.
text: SMASH TO BLACK.
dialog: 115.
scene_heading: END CREDITS. THEN:
scene_heading: INT. PENTHOUSE - DAY
text: Kozol walks through his lavish living room, on the phone.
speaker_heading: KOZOL
dialog: Well keep at it. Men like him just don’t
text: vanish into thin air. He’s out--
dialog: (checks phone)
dialog: Hello?
text: A distant WHUMP from somewhere elsewhere in the building.
text: Kozol points a remote at a large FLATSCREEN:
text: Revealing a block of SECURITY CAMERAS all showing static.
text: Now, sounds of muffled GUNFIRE outside the penthouse. Boots
text: thumping on the roof above Kozol.
text: Kozol goes to a table and picks up a handgun. Chambers a
text: round in the barrel.
text: Above him, a BODY is thrown through the skylight --
text: CRASHING to the floor in a bloody heap. In all black, wearing
text: a security officer's cap.
text: Kozol sees the casualty and points the gun at the ceiling,
text: tracking sounds on the roof.
text: He turns his back on the guard’s body... and misses the sight
text: of the man RISING from the floor, tossing off the cap...
text: It’s BLOODSHOT.
text: Kozol turns around in time to see Bloodshot crack his neck
text: back into place, and then he pulls out a LARGER HANDGUN to
text: point it at Kozol...
text: Kozol drops his weapon, and raises his hands in surrender.
text: The two stand a half dozen paces away. Kozol smiles, like
dialog: giving up is relaxing. Bloodshot didn’t expect this.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: You could've fought back a little.
speaker_heading: KOZOL
dialog: You could’ve used the front door.
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: But it’s a nice day out.
dialog: (cocks weapon)
dialog: You know why I’m here, don’t you?
speaker_heading: KOZOL
dialog: Cleaning up Harting’s mess, no doubt. You
dialog: believe killing me will put a stop to this
dialog: whole business.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: KOZOL
dialog: But I know something you don’t. And you'll
dialog: want to hear it before you pull that
dialog: trigger.
speaker_heading: BLOODSHOT
dialog: That so?
speaker_heading: KOZOL
dialog: You are the product of a decade of nanotech
dialog: research. Billions of dollars were spent,
dialog: in utter secrecy. No one puts that effort
dialog: into a weapon unless it’s to defeat an
text: unstoppable enemy.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’m not the ultimate threat, Garrison. But
dialog: I can show you who is.
text: Kozol points a remote at a large flatscreen.
text: ON SCREEN: Aerial footage as if from a surveillance drone or
text: an A150 plane, over an ocean, near a massive offshore rig.
text: The lens zooms, zeroed in on an Asian man we’ve seen
text: before... TOYO HARADA.
text: Harada_is hovering fifty feet off the water, eyes aglow,
text: pointing at the rig.
dialog: 
text: He gestures with his hands, and the massive structure RISES
text: out of the water -- workers JUMPING off to flee -- others
text: hanging on as tethers snap --
text: The ten-thousand-ton structure keeps rising like an elevator,
text: revealing the PUMP that extends to the ocean floor...
text: ZOOMING OUT in time to see Harada gesture, and LAUNCH the
text: entire thing into the stratosphere.
text: ON BLOODSHOT: Gobsmacked. Who the hell can do that?
text: SLAM TO BLACK.
dialog: 
