speaker_heading: RKO RADIO PICTURES
dialog: presents
scene_heading: THE BODY SNATCHER
text: BORIS KARLOFF as John Gray
text: HENRY DANIELL as Dr. McFarland
speaker_heading: BELA LUGOSI as Joseph
text: RUSSELL WADE as Dr. Donald Fettes
scene_heading: EDITH ATWATER as Meg Camden
text: RITA CORDAY as Mrs. Marsh
text: SHARYN MOFFETT as Georgina Marsh
dialog: DONNA LEE as The Street Singer
text: ROBERT CLARKE as Richardson
text: CARL KENT as Gilchrist
scene_heading: BILL WILLIAMS as A Medical Student
text: JACK WELCH as the Boy
text: LARRY WHEAT as the Salesman
text: MARY GORDON as Mrs. McBride
dialog: JIM MORAN as the Horse Trader
dialog: INA CONSTANT as the Maid
dialog: Directed by Robert Wise
dialog: Screenplay by Philip MacDonald and Carlos Keith
dialog: Based on the story by Robert Louis Stevenson
dialog: Produced by Val Lewton
dialog: Executive Producer: Jack L. Gross
dialog: Music: Roy Webb
dialog: Musical Director: C. Bakaleinikoff
dialog: Songs: We'd Better Bide a Wee
dialog: When Ye Gang Awa'
dialog: Jamie
dialog: Will Ye No Come Back Again
dialog: Sung by the Street Singer
dialog: The Spit Song
dialog: Sung by the Boy
dialog: Bonnie Dundee
text: Sung by a male quartet
dialog: Photography: Robert De Grasse
text: Art Directors: Albert D'Agostino and Walter E. Keller
text: Set Decorators: Darrell Silvera & John Sturtevant
dialog: Editor: J.R. Whitredge
dialog: Costumes by Renee
dialog: Asst. Director: Harry Scott
dialog: Sound Recorded by Bailey Fesler
text: Re-recording by Terry Kellum
dialog: Release Date: May, 1945
dialog: Running Time: 74 minutes
scene_heading: ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON'S
text: "THE BODY SNATCHER"
dialog: Screen Play
dialog: by Philip MacDonald
speaker_heading: FADE IN
text: THE MAIN AND CREDIT TITLES ARE IMPOSED ON a mezzotint of
text: Edinburgh castle viewed from the Causeway. When the last
dialog: credit title dissolves
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
text: STOP FRAME of STOCK SHOT showing Edinburgh castle. Over this
dialog: is a title:
speaker_heading: EDINBURG -- 1831
text: With the DISSOLVE of the words the stock shot comes to life
text: with a carriage coming toward the CAMERA.
scene_heading: EXT. EDINBURGH STREET -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: FULL SPOT -- Down the lonely, almost deserted street comes a
text: cab drawn by a bony white horse. This black and sepulchral
text: vehicle passes through the long shadows and sharp gleams of
text: the late afternoon sun. On the box, bunched over, almost
text: lost in the folds of his triple-caped overcoat and with a
text: battered beaver on his hand, is the cabman. The horse plods
text: along, his hoof beats echoing with a hollow sound in the
text: narrow street. At the corner the vehicle turns left.
scene_heading: EXT. GREYFRIAR'S CHURCHYARD -- LATE AFTERNOON
dialog: 
text: The black cab drawn by the white horse goes slowly past a
text: little cemetery. The driver turns his head and looks down as
text: he goes past.
text: From his ANGLE, but not a MOVING SHOT, a pleasant little
text: graveyard with mossy gravestones; old turf making a spot of
text: green between the gray walls of the kirk and the blank stone
text: wall of a large building.
text: Seated on a table stone is young Donald Fettes, a poor
text: medical student, dressed in worn neat clothing with only a
text: woolen scarf about his neck for warmth. He sits in such
text: scanty sunlight as he can find, munching on a cold bannock
text: and washing it down with thin ale from a round stone bottle.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- Fettes. In the closer view it can be seen
text: that he is looking at a small Cairn terrier who lies morosely
text: guarding a newly-made grave. The dog, with his head down
text: between his forepaws, occasionally glances over
text: apprehensively at the young student. Fettes takes a bit of
text: his bannock between his thumb and forefinger and leans
text: forward toward the dog.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Here, -- here's a bit of something
dialog: for you.
text: The dog does not stir. Fettes leans further forward almost
text: putting the morsel of food to the dog's nose. The dog growls
text: savagely. Fettes draws back.
speaker_heading: FETTES (cont'd)
dialog: Now, now, laddie -- I only wanted
dialog: to be friendly.
text: It is at this moment that a shadow falls athwart him and
text: looms up in the afternoon sunlight against the wall behind
text: him. He looks up.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE -- Fettes looking over as Mrs. MacBride, a
text: plump, motherly woman of middle-age, with a Tartan shawl over
text: her head and carrying a pannikin of water and a bone with
text: some meat on it, comes through the gate. She crosses over to
text: the little dog, puts the water before him and starts
text: shredding little pieces of meat from the bone to feed him.
text: The dog laps avidly at the water, then gratefully takes the
text: morsels of meat she gives him.
text: MED. FULL SHOT -- Fettes and Mrs. MacBride.
scene_heading: MRS. MACBRIDE
dialog: He'll not leave the grave -- not
dialog: since Wednesday last when we buried
dialog: the lad.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Your son, ma'am? He must have been
dialog: a fine boy for the wee dog to love
dialog: him so.
text: Mrs. MacBride nods.
scene_heading: MRS. MACBRIDE
dialog: A great, kind lad, he was -- gentle
dialog: with all things like Robbie.
text: She pauses, sighs and then goes on.
speaker_heading: MRS. MACBRIDE (cont'd)
dialog: Now I can't get the dog to leave,
dialog: here. Perhaps it is for the best.
dialog: I've not money enough to afford a
text: grave watcher.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: (looking about)
dialog: Not much danger here, ma'am, I
dialog: wouldn't think -- right here in the
dialog: heart of Edinburgh.
scene_heading: MRS. MACBRIDE
dialog: They're uncommon bold, the grave
text: robbers -- and the daft doctors who
dialog: drive them on.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: (a little uncomfortable;
dialog: feeling he has to make
dialog: the admission)
dialog: I'm by way of being a medical
dialog: myself.
scene_heading: MRS. MACBRIDE
dialog: A doctor?
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: A student. I'm studying under Dr.
dialog: MacFarlane -- that is, I've been
dialog: studying until today --
text: He starts to get up. At this moment in the street can be
text: heard the clop-clop of a horse's hoofs and the rattle of iron
text: wheels on the cobblestones. On the ground and gravestones
text: appears and passes the monstrous shadow of a horse and cab,
text: angular and distorted, the driver's shadow hunched and evil,
text: now going from left to right.
scene_heading: EXT. EDINBURGH STREET -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: LONG SHOT -- a typical street scene of the time. A dog cart
text: drawn by a smart tandem passes. It is driven by a young buck
text: of the period; top-hatted, dandified, his whip held at a just
text: so angle. On the sidewalk, a group of small boys follow a
text: recruiting sergeant of the Seaforth Highlanders. A drummer
text: walks at his heels. He stops at a wooden "Charlie", the
text: rough police booth of that day, and begins to tack up his
text: posters. The boys crowd around to watch. One of them backs
text: up to a little trundle cart and surreptitiously filches a
text: piece of the shortbread being sold from this portable store.
text: At the other side of the "Charlie" stands a street singer, a
text: beautiful girl of about nineteen, dressed in ragged Highland
text: plaid. She is singing an old border ballad about two crows
text: who sit waiting to pick the dead eyes out of a fallen knight.
text: A shepherd, crook in hand, and faithfully attended by two
text: handsome collies, stops a moment to hear her song, drops some
text: coppers into the begging bowl she holds in her hands, then
text: passes on.
text: Through the consonance of the street singer's song comes the
text: dissonant beat of a horse's hoofs, the racking clatter of
text: iron-shod wheels and then between the singer and the CAMERA
text: there passes, very close, the white horse and the black cab.
text: As it blocks her out of the scene
speaker_heading: WIPE DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. MACFARLANE'S HOUSE -- LATE AFTERNOON
dialog: 
text: FULL SHOT -- Before the imposing edifice which houses Dr.
text: MacFarlane's living quarters as well as his school of
text: anatomy, the cab, drawn by the white horse, pulls up. The
text: driver begins to alight from the box. He climbs down, and
text: starts for the cab door.
text: CLOSE SHOT -- Gray as he opens the door. Gray is a man of
text: middle years with keen, darting eyes set in a face lined and
text: furrowed by an evil life. The quick play of his features as
text: he talks or smiles can form a moving and deceptive mask. So
text: that now as he opens the door, smiling, to help his
text: passengers alight, his face is cringing with good humor and
dialog: servility.
text: From the cab steps a young and lovely woman dressed in
text: becoming widow's weeds. This is Mrs. Marsh. She reaches the
text: sidewalk, turns back for the other occupant of the cab. This
text: is a little girl of about eight, dressed in a flower-sprigged
text: Kate Greenway gown and a poke bonnet to match. Gray
text: forestalls her.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I'll get it, matam.
text: He touches his hat respectfully, reaches in and brings out a
text: tiny wheel-chair, which he sets down. He reaches in again
text: and takes the child up in his arms.
speaker_heading: GRAY (cont'd)
dialog: (as he picks her up)
dialog: Come, little miss. Cabman Gray'll
dialog: carry you safe enough.
text: With the child in his arms he starts toward his horse's head,
text: talking as he goes.
speaker_heading: GRAY (cont'd)
dialog: Give my horse a pat. He knows
dialog: every little girl in Edinburgh.
dialog: Some day when you're runnin' and
dialog: playin’ in the street he'll nicker
dialog: at ye as we go by.
text: CLOSE SHOT -- The horse, Gray, and the little girl.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: I can't run and play.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I'd forgotten that, lassie. All
dialog: the more reason for Friend here
dialog: bidding you a good-day.
text: Georgina smiles and pats the horse's nose.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE -- Featuring Mrs. Marsh as she smiles watching
text: Gray and the child. He turns back toward her.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: Would you mind carrying her up the
dialog: steps?
text: Mrs. Marsh reaches for the wheel-chair.
text: FULL SHOT -- Mrs. Marsh takes the wheel-chair up the two
text: steps. Gray follows carrying the child. He sets the child
text: tenderly in the wheel-chair, smiling as he does so.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Back in your own wee cab.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: Thank you.
text: In the meantime, Mrs. Marsh has fumbled through her purse for
text: change. She hands this to Gray. He takes the money from his
text: right hand, then removes his hat with his left hand, bobs his
text: forelock with the right in a series of obsequious gestures.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Thank ye, ma'am. Thank ye.
dialog: (to Georgina)
dialog: You watch sharp, little miss for my
dialog: horse to give you a "hello".
text: CLOSE SHOT -- Georgina looking at Gray with great pleased
text: eyes. This has made a definite impression on her.
scene_heading: EXT. MACFARLANE'S HOUSE -- DAY
text: Mrs. Marsh has used the door knocker. Now in response the
text: door is opened by a handsome woman of thirty-five, Meg
dialog: Cameron.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: I would like to see Dr. MacFarlane.
text: Meg gives Mrs. Marsh a quick look and then turns to look at
text: Gray. A glance passes between them; a glance which tells of
text: previous acquaintance, yet neither speaks. He turns and goes
text: down the steps. Silently, Meg opens the door and allows Mrs.
text: Marsh to push Georgina's wheel chair through into the hall.
scene_heading: INT. MACFARLANE'S HALLWAY -- AFTERNOON
text: Georgina's wheel chair is pushed into this gloomy and
text: forbidding entry. Meg closes the door behind them, then
text: without further word, strides down the hall. Mrs. Marsh and
text: the little girl wait and look around.
text: CLOSE SHOT -- Georgina. With great wide eyes the child looks
text: around at the antlered stag head, the cruel-looking walking
text: sticks in the umbrella stand and the light-footed Mercury
text: with caduceus upraised. The caduceus throws its patterned
text: shadow across the child's face.
text: CLOSE TWO SHOT -- Georgina and Mrs. Marsh. Mrs. Marsh sees
text: the fright in the child's face and reassuringly pats her
text: shoulder. There is the sound of a door opening and they both
text: look off in that direction.
text: MED. FULL SHOT -- The doorway to the sitting room, SHOOTING
text: PAST Georgina and her mother. Framed in this doorway is the
text: tall, robust figure of Dr. Douglas MacFarlane, a man in the
text: prime of life, dressed with almost flamboyant foppishness and
text: carrying himself with the assurance that the world is not
text: only his oyster, but that he has it pinned on a fork and can
dialog: swallow it and digest it with pleasure.
text: THREE SHOT -- Georgina, Mrs. Marsh and Dr. MacFarlane.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Dr. MacFarlane?
text: He half-bows in acknowledgment.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH (cont'd)
dialog: I'm Mrs. Marsh -- this is my
dialog: daughter -- Georgina.
text: She fumbles in her reticule and pulls forth an unsealed
text: letter which she passes to the doctor.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH (cont'd)
dialog: Dr. Maximillian of Leyden asked me
dialog: to present this to you. He thought
dialog: you might examine my little girl.
text: While she is speaking, Dr. MacFarlane has opened the missive.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (as he reads)
dialog: Maximillian -- a very famous
dialog: colleague of mine. I'm delighted
dialog: to honor his request.
text: With an expansive gesture he points to a door. Mrs. Marsh
text: pushes the wheel chair toward the living room door.
text: DOLLY SHOT -- the entrance to the sitting room.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
text: (over the child's head to
dialog: Mrs. Marsh)
dialog: Born paralyzed?
text: The little girl shrinks from him at the bluntness of this
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: No. It was an accident.
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM -- AFTERNOON
text: Although it is late afternoon the lamps have been lit in this
text: part of the house. Mrs. Marsh wheels the chair into the
text: middle of the room and then stands to one side so that Dr.
text: MacFarlane can examine the child. Meg Cameron stands by the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Was the paralysis immediate?
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: No, Doctor. She seemed to get
dialog: better, then about six months later
text: she began to complain of pain in
dialog: her back --
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: How long after that was the
dialog: paralysis complete?
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: Nearly a year.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Any attacks of pain since?
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: Yes, Doctor.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Is her pain sporadic or constant?
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: It comes at intervals. They used
dialog: to be months apart -- but they've
dialog: been growing more frequent --
dialog: (catch in her voice)
dialog: much more frequent.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (directly to Georgina)
dialog: See here, child, when you have this
dialog: pain in your back, where is it?
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: (setting her jaw)
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Point to where it hurts. You can
dialog: at least do that, can't you?
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (angrily to Mrs. Marsh)
dialog: This is useless, ma'am.
text: He leaves the sentence unfinished and goes toward the center
text: of the room. Mrs. Marsh leans down beside the chair.
text: TWO SHOT -- Mrs. Marsh and Georgina.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: Please, darling, don't be so
dialog: stubborn.
text: Georgina darts a glance in MacFarlane's direction.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Mother -- he frightens me.
text: MED. FULL SHOT -- the door in the background. There is a
text: soft rap at the door and then almost immediately it opens and
text: Fettes comes in. He looks about, sees the doctor busily
text: engaged with a beautiful young woman and a sick child. He is
text: embarrassed and tries to withdraw.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Excuse me, Dr. MacFarlane --
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Come in, boy -- come in.
text: Fettes closes the door behind him and stands rather shyly,
text: not knowing what to do or say.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: Perhaps you can do something with
dialog: this young lady. I can't get an
dialog: aye, yes, or no out of her.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: (protesting)
dialog: But, Doctor, I only wanted to speak
dialog: to you --
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Come -- it's a chance to try out
dialog: your bedside manner, Fettes. Take
text: a look at the child.
text: Fettes walks up shyly to the child.
text: TWO SHOT -- Fettes and Georgina. Fettes stands abashed and
text: awkward before the clear-eyed glance of the little invalid.
text: He smiles at her. The child smiles back.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: Are you a doctor, too?
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: You'll be a good doctor. I know
dialog: all about doctors.
text: Fettes smiles.
dialog: He pushes
dialog: She leans
dialog: She holds
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: That's a nice chair you have.
text: it. It rolls a little.
speaker_heading: FETTES (cont'd)
dialog: Useful, too. Where did you get it?
dialog: It isn't English, is it?
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: (studying him)
dialog: What you really want to ask me is
dialog: about my back, isn't it -- about
dialog: where it hurts?
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Why, yes.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: Well --
text: forward and reaches around with one hand.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA (cont'd)
dialog: It's sort of all around here --
text: then down my legs -- it aches as if
dialog: I had been walking an awfully long
dialog: way --
dialog: (looking up at Fettes)
dialog: That's funny, isn't it -- because I
dialog: can't walk at all.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Would you mind very much if I
dialog: lifted you --
text: (pointing to a table in
dialog: the other room)
dialog: -- onto that table in there?
text: out her arms to him. Fettes lifts her up and
text: carries her into the other room.
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal Mrs. Marsh and MacFarlane
text: watching Fettes and the child. They stand in the f.g.
text: talking together while in the other room Fettes puts the
text: child down on her stomach, opens her dress and examines her.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
text: Child seems to take to the lad.
dialog: What sort of an accident was it,
dialog: Ma'am?
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: A carriage overturned. My husband
text: was killed and Georgina was hurt.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: How long ago?
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: Three years.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: (calling from the other
dialog: room)
dialog: Dr. MacFarlane --
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (to Mrs. Marsh)
dialog: Excuse me.
text: He strides forward. Mrs. Marsh remains where she is.
scene_heading: INT. EXAMINATION ROOM -- DAY
text: MacFarlane comes into the scene, bends over and examines the
text: little girl's back. He feels the spine with first one hand,
text: then the other. He nods to Fettes and turns away. Fettes
text: begins to button up the little girl's dress.
scene_heading: INT. SITTING ROOM -- DAY
text: MacFarlane is walking back to where Mrs. Marsh stands. In
text: the b.g. Fettes can be seen as he buttons up the little
text: girl's dress, picks her up in his arms and brings her back to
text: the wheel chair. MacFarlane comes over to Mrs. Marsh.
text: TRUCKING SHOT of MacFarlane.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Meg, give Fettes a hand there --
text: help him wheel the little girl into
dialog: the hall.
text: He turns back to Mrs. Marsh.
text: TWO SHOT -- Mrs. Marsh and MacFarlane. She is looking at him
text: anxiously; waiting to hear his verdict. He glances at Dr.
text: Maximillian's letter before speaking.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: (tapping the letter in his
dialog: hand)
text: It seems that Dr. Maximillian is
dialog: right. The violence of the
dialog: accident must have disturbed the
dialog: tissues and caused a traumatic
dialog: tumor -- a sort of growth that
text: presses against the nerve centers.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: But can anything be done for her?
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Perhaps -- a delicate operation --
dialog: an operation which has never been
dialog: performed -- but it could be
dialog: performed. I'm sure it could be --
dialog: I could incise the columna dorsi --
text: He is quite excited as he speaks, almost as if challenging
text: himself. Mrs. Marsh's interruption is ill-timed. It stops
text: him in full tide of self-persuasion.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: And you will try -- you will
dialog: operate?
text: CLOSE SHOT -- MacFarlane. He is silent; thinking.
text: MED. FULL SHOT. MacFarlane silently turns away from Mrs.
text: Marsh and goes to his desk. Having reached it, he turns and
text: faces her again.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Not I, Madame.
text: She starts toward him impulsively as if to plead with him.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: But, Doctor, in Leyden -- in Paris
dialog: - wherever I've taken Georgina --
dialog: they've mentioned your name. I've
dialog: come to think of you as our only
dialog: hope.
text: MacFarlane looks at her, takes a step closer to her and
dialog: speaks very sincerely.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Believe me, Madame, if I were only
dialog: a doctor, I would undertake this
dialog: operation at once. But I'm more
dialog: dominie than doctor -- I've a
dialog: school to run.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: But, Doctor, surely in a case like
dialog: this -- a child -- a little child
dialog: who can never walk or run --
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: I regret it, Ma'am, but I have the
dialog: responsibility of training thirty
dialog: other doctors to attend a thousand
dialog: children like your own.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: There's nothing I can say for one
dialog: small child?
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: I'm not heartless, Ma'am. I have
dialog: every sympathy for you and for the
dialog: little girl, but if I were to
dialog: consent to every operation brought
dialog: to me, I'd have no time for
dialog: teaching -- and that's a great
dialog: responsibility upon me, Ma'am -- a
dialog: great responsibility.
text: They have reached the door. He bows in dismissal, and Mrs.
text: Marsh exits. As she leaves, Fettes passes her coming from
text: the hallway.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- MacFarlane as he turns back into the room.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: (to Fettes)
dialog: Well, Fettes -- what was it you
dialog: wanted to see me about?
scene_heading: MED. TWO SHOT -- Fettes and MacFarlane.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: (shyly)
dialog: I'm afraid I'll have to give up
dialog: medicine, Dr. MacFarlane.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (booming)
dialog: You're made for a doctor, young
dialog: man!
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: I'm afraid I have to, sir. You
dialog: see, my father is vicar at Thrums --
dialog: it's a small parish -- not much of
dialog: a living --
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (after thinking this over
dialog: a moment; very sincerely)
dialog: You're too good a man, Fettes --
dialog: I'll not let you quit.
dialog: (with a sudden thought)
dialog: I'll make an assistant of you --
dialog: that'll pay your keep and your
dialog: tuition, too --
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: I thought only the best students
dialog: were made assistants.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Well? And are you not a good
dialog: student?
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: (getting the idea)
dialog: But Richardson?
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Richardson is a fine student. He's
dialog: got a glib tongue, but you'll be a
dialog: better doctor, Fettes. Come along
dialog: now --
text: He links his arm through Fettes' and starts toward the door
text: leading to the stairs.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: -- let's get to the anatomy room --
dialog: I'll explain your new duties.
text: They have reached the door. Meg is standing there. As
text: MacFarlane and Fettes start to pass her, Meg puts her hand on
text: the doctor's arm. He pauses.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: A word with you, Dr. MacFarlane.
text: MacFarlane motions Fettes to proceed into the other room. He
text: closes the door behind him.
speaker_heading: MEG (cont'd)
dialog: You're not having Fettes for your
dialog: assistant?
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: And why not? He's a good lad --
text: bright and able.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Aye. He's a good lad. That's why
dialog: I ask you, MacFarlane.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: You think it'll spoil the boy, eh?
dialog: Was I not assistant to Knox?
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (thought fully)
dialog: Aye --
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Did it spoil me, Meg, my lass?
text: She looks directly at him without answering. MacFarlane
text: grows uneasy.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
text: (walking up to her,
text: putting an arm around her
text: shoulders and tilting up
text: her chin with his other
dialog: hand)
dialog: It will do the boy no harm.
text: He kisses her off-handedly. She wraps her arm around his
text: neck and kisses him with fierce passion. He releases
text: himself, goes on into the next room.
scene_heading: INT. ANATOMY ROOM -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: The anatomy room is dim. Long level bars of light come
text: through the wide windows to illuminate the bare austerity of
text: this classroom. The long rows of tables have a sombre and
text: empty look. Everything is meticulously clean.
text: At one of the tables is the hunched, dark and evil figure of
text: Joseph, the janitor of the school. He is engaged in rubbing
text: the surface of a marble-topped table. The door on the
text: landing opens. MacFarlane and Fettes come through.
text: MacFarlane still has his arm linked through that of his young
text: friend and is listening to Fettes' gratitude with evident
dialog: pleasure.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: -- all my gratitude, sir -- I can
dialog: never express it...
text: MED. FULL SHOT -- Fettes and MacFarlane as they descend the
dialog: stairs.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: They'll be satisfaction enough for
dialog: me to know I've trained the great
dialog: Dr. Fettes.
text: MED. SHOT to include Joseph in the f.g. and Fettes and
text: MacFarlane as they reach the floor level of the anatomy room.
text: Joseph, continuing his work, casts a sidelong glance at the
text: doctor and student. It is evident he is listening to every
dialog: word they say.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: Now -- as to your duties. It is up
dialog: to you to keep the accounts and to
dialog: distribute the specimens to the
dialog: students. Also, inasmuch as you'll
dialog: be living in the house --
text: He looks over and glances at Joseph and having noticed that
text: Joseph is eavesdropping, breaks off short.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: (to Joseph)
dialog: Joseph --
text: Joseph looks up.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: What are you doing, sneaking about
dialog: here like a Redskin? Make a little
dialog: noise, man. Let people know you're
dialog: about --
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: (meekly)
dialog: Yes, Doctor -- yes.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: -- otherwise I might get the idea
dialog: you are trying to spy on me.
text: He takes Fettes' arm again and leads him off toward the other
text: end of the anatomy room. The two medicals go out of earshot,
dialog: with Joseph in the f.g.
scene_heading: INT. THE ALCOVE
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LATE AFTERNOON
text: This is the small out-cropping of the main room set a few
text: feet lower in level. At one end is a heavy curtain of green
dialog: baize.
text: MED. FULL SHOT. MacFarlane and Fettes descend the steps
text: leading to the alcove. MacFarlane, with his hand on the
text: elbow of the younger man, guides him to the curtain.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: You know how we get the specimens
dialog: we use for dissection?
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: From the Municipal Council --
dialog: they're the bodies of paupers --
text: The CAMERA BEGINS TO DOLLY SLOWLY TOWARD them.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: That's what the law stipulates but
dialog: there are not enough of them,
dialog: Fettes -- there are not enough of
dialog: them --
text: MacFarlane pulls aside the curtain. He and Fettes pass
text: through and the curtain falls into place behind them. The
text: CAMERA CONTINUES TO TRUCK SLOWLY TOWARD the curtain.
speaker_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. GREYFRIAR'S KIRKYARD -- NIGHT
text: CLOSE SHOT. The little dog, Robbie, is lying on his master's
text: grave. He lies with his muzzle on his forepaws but his eyes
text: are open and alert. Out of the scene comes the plodding beat
text: of a horse's hoofs and the rumbling of iron-shod wheels. The
text: dog lifts his head.
text: The horse comes to a stop. There is the creak of springs as
text: someone alights. The dog's hackles rise. He growls.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE. The great black shadow of a man in a caped
text: overcoat and top hat with a spade over his shoulder is thrown
text: onto the wall of Greyfriar's Kirk by the street lamp. The
text: huge shadow looms high over the tiny dog. Robbie rises
text: valiantly to his feet, snarling. As he does so, the actual
text: figure of the man, as black and indistinct as his own shadow,
text: comes past the camera, blacking out the little dog. There is
text: a deeper growl from Robbie. The man swings his spade down.
text: As the spade drives home there is a little weak sound from
dialog: the dog.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE. With his foot, Gray pushes the dead body of
text: the little dog to one side, strikes the spade into the ground
text: and starts to dig.
scene_heading: INT. FETTES' ROOM -- NIGHT
text: In a little attic room, Fettes is sleeping fitfully. The
text: room is flooded with moonlight which comes in through a
text: skylight window.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- Fettes sleeping. Far away can be heard
text: the plodding hoofbeats and creaking wheels of Gray's cab.
text: There is a loud squeak as the cab takes the turn into the
text: alleyway. Fettes wakens. He listens. There is a sound of
text: the hoofbeats, the wheels and then silence when the horse
text: comes to a stop. He sits up. From downstairs comes a
text: stealthy knocking at the door. He gets up sleepily and
text: starts to put on his worn bathrobe, crosses to the window and
text: looks out.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAY -- NIGHT
text: HIGH ANGLE SHOT from Fettes' window. Gray, his cab and the
text: white horse present a weird and funereal spectacle. Gray is
text: fumbling with something inside the cab.
scene_heading: INT. FETTES' ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Fettes has turned from the window and starts toward the door.
text: He opens it and goes out.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAY
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Gray is pulling a long, canvas-colored object of considerable
text: weight from the cab. With a grunt he gets it up into his
text: arms and starts across the sidewalk toward the postern door.
scene_heading: INT. ANATOMY ROOM -- NIGHT
text: It is dark except for a small oil lamp left burning as a
text: nightlight. This casts its dim rays over a small portion of
text: the room near the entrance door. Fettes comes through the
text: door on the landing. He peers over the bannisters and then
text: somewhat slowly, as if not too easy at the prospect before
text: him, he begins to descend the stairs.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE. Fettes crosses the anatomy room looking
text: apprehensively into the darkness at either end. At the door
text: he pauses a moment, then passes through into the darkness of
text: the entry and is lost to view.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRYWAY -- NIGHT
text: It is so dark that Fettes can barely be seen. The clank of
text: the chain as he throws it off and the snap of the bolt are
text: loud and frightening in this small enclosed space. He pulls
text: the door open. Before him silhouetted against the dim
text: radiance of the cab lamps is Gray. In his arms is a long,
text: cloth-covered object.
text: CLOSE SHOT -- Fettes as he opens the door wider to give Gray
text: entrance. Without a word, Gray carries the body past him
text: into the anatomy room. Fettes closes the door and follows
dialog: him.
scene_heading: INT. ANATOMY ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Gray comes in and stands waiting for Fettes to come up to
text: him. Fettes comes out of the entry and takes a few steps
dialog: toward Gray.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Here -- give me a hand -- this is
dialog: heavy.
text: Fettes helps him. Gingerly he takes hold of the corpse and
text: together they lay it down on a long marble-topped table in
text: the center of the room, almost directly under the nightlight.
text: Gray heaves a sigh of relief to be relieved of the weight.
speaker_heading: GRAY (cont'd)
dialog: You'll find the specimen in good
dialog: condition. He was bright and
dialog: cheerful as a thrush not a week
dialog: long gone. A likely lad, I'm told.
dialog: (glances at Fettes)
dialog: You're the new assistant?
text: Fettes nods.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: (trying to remember his
dialog: manners)
dialog: I'm Donald Fettes.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I'm very pleased to know you,
dialog: Master Fettes.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Mr. Gray?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: That's right. Gray, the cabman.
dialog: I've had a bit of dealing with
dialog: MacFarlane in the past, you know.
text: Fettes nods.
speaker_heading: GRAY (cont'd)
dialog: And I've always gotten along with
dialog: his assistants -- providing they
dialog: understood my humble position.
text: He puts one hand on Fettes' arm. Fettes moves away from him.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Dr. MacFarlane said I should pay
dialog: you --
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Of course -- it's the soul of the
dialog: business -- the pay --
text: Fettes shifts uneasily, confused and seemingly uncertain of
dialog: his next step.
speaker_heading: GRAY (cont'd)
dialog: (prompting him)
dialog: I have no doubt you have the key in
dialog: your pocket --
text: Fettes reaches into his pocket and brings out a big iron key.
speaker_heading: GRAY (cont'd)
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: And there is the box.
text: They start over toward it. Fettes opens the box.
speaker_heading: GRAY (cont'd)
dialog: My fee is as usual -- ten pounds.
text: Fettes counts out the money to him. Gray flips the last coin
text: into the air and catches it with a gamin gesture which is
text: surprising in a man of such sinister appearance. As Fettes
text: still stands rather stupidly, Gray prompts him again.
speaker_heading: GRAY (cont'd)
dialog: And now, although it's none of my
dialog: business, I would make the proper
dialog: entry if I were you. “One specimen
dialog: -- ten pounds -- received from --
dialog: let us say -- "MacDuff" -- a royal
dialog: name.
text: Fettes looks toward the desk.
speaker_heading: GRAY (cont'd)
dialog: (still prompting him)
dialog: It's the little cloth-covered book
text: in the drawer.
text: Fettes brings it out. Gray watches him while he writes. The
text: pen scratches and squeaks over the paper. Then both turn and
text: start toward the entry.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Good night, Mr. Gray.
text: As the door Gray tips his hat elegantly to Fettes.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: My respects, Master Fettes, and may
dialog: this be the first of many
dialog: profitable meetings.
text: He leaves, disappearing in the darkness of the entryway. A
text: second later the door can be heard closing behind him.
text: Fettes stands for a long moment looking at the dark entry,
text: then from behind him comes a chuckle of laughter. He whirls
text: abruptly.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE -- Fettes in the b.g. and above him on the
text: landing, holding a candle, is Dr. MacFarlane in an elegant
dialog: dressing gown.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Well, well, my boy. Your first
text: meeting with the redoubtable Gray.
dialog: You may count it as a milestone in
dialog: your medical career.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- Fettes as he looks from MacFarlane to the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: My medical career --
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. ANATOMY SCHOOL DAY
text: CLOSE SHOT -- skeleton. It is facing the camera, its stance
dialog: a parody of that prize fighter of the period; left well
text: extended, right held high, both knees bent. Over the shot
text: comes a clamor of men's voices, cutting across which,
text: suddenly, comes Fettes' voice.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: All right, gentleman -- that will
dialog: do! Settle down!
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK to show the interior of the school. In
text: the f.g. is the dais, at one side of which is the skeleton.
text: Fettes steps up onto the dais at the other side of the
text: passing some dozen students, all young men in their early
text: twenties. Two students, Gilchrist and Richardson, are
text: prominent. Richardson is lean and sardonic.
speaker_heading: FETTES (cont'd)
dialog: Dr. MacFarlane has asked me to
dialog: review the points he has just
dialog: discussed with you.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- dais. The skeleton is to one side in the
text: f.g. facing the students, o.s. Fettes has his back to it.
speaker_heading: FETTES (cont'd)
dialog: He started with the construction of
dialog: the ribs and the haemapophyses --
text: He turns toward the skeleton, then reacts sharply as he
text: notices its ludicrous stance.
speaker_heading: FETTES (cont'd)
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: I suppose this was your doing,
dialog: Richardson.
text: He starts rearranging the skeleton's limbs. Richardson
text: grins. It is at this moment that Joseph comes sidling up to
dialog: the group.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Mr. Fettes --
text: Fettes looks over at him.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH (cont'd)
dialog: A lady is asking for you.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: What lady, Joseph?
text: Joseph shrugs. Fettes, seeing that he'll get no
text: enlightenment from him, turns to the students.
speaker_heading: FETTES (cont'd)
dialog: If you gentleman will excuse me --
text: He starts for the stairs. There is a snicker of laughter.
text: Richardson leans over and with two deft movements brings the
text: arms of the skeleton back into fighting position.
scene_heading: INT. MACFARLANE HALLWAY -- DAY
text: Mrs. Marsh sits there. Broad beams of sunlight flood in from
text: the front windows. She is speaking with Meg Cameron. Meg is
text: standing looking down at her.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Why do you come here? The Doctor
dialog: said he wouldn't operate.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: I've already told you I didn't come
text: to see Dr. MacFarlane.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Then whom do you wish to see in
dialog: MacFarlane's own house?
text: It is at this moment that the door opens and Fettes comes in.
text: Meg takes one glance at him.
speaker_heading: MEG (cont'd)
dialog: (almost under her breath)
dialog: So it is in that direction that the
dialog: wind blows, eh? It will get you
dialog: nothing.
text: With that she turns on her heel and goes off to a little door
text: on the left.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Good morning, Mr. Fettes.
text: Fettes bows formally. It is obvious he is pleased, yet very
text: puzzled to see her. He comes down and takes her hand.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: You asked to see me, ma'am?
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: (impulsively)
dialog: I want you to help my little girl.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: I'm only a student.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: Georgina told me how kind you were
dialog: to her. It gave me hope you might
dialog: intercede for us with Dr.
dialog: MacFarlane.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: I don't know that I can do that,
dialog: Mrs. Marsh.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: Did he tell you about Georgina?
text: Fettes nods.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH (cont'd)
dialog: Then he must have told you that
dialog: this disease is progressive -- that
dialog: it will grow worse -- that soon she
dialog: will not be able to move at all.
text: Fettes nods again. Mrs. Marsh lays her hand on his arm and
text: looks directly into his eyes.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH (cont'd)
dialog: And you won't ask him to help?
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: I didn't mean it that way. I meant
dialog: only that I am not in a position to
dialog: ask favors.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: Ask this one favor --
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: (very much moved)
dialog: Of course I will.
text: Mrs. Marsh smiles at him.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: Georgina was right. You are a kind
dialog: man.
text: She extends her hand and Fettes takes it.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: I'll do what I can.
text: He walks with her to the door, lets her out, closes it behind
text: her and then turns and starts back the way he came.
scene_heading: INT. THE ANATOMY ROOM -- DAY
text: MacFarlane is present and now in contrast to the disorder
text: under Fettes the students are busy and absorbed. They are
text: working at their tasks. MacFarlane, with two or three around
text: him, is helping one of the students, Gilchrist.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (enthusiastically)
dialog: In an adult this muscle can apply
dialog: more than one hundred seventy-five
dialog: pounds of pressure? Double that
dialog: and you get the full strength of
text: the human jaw.
dialog: (jocularly)
dialog: That, gentlemen, is to chew our
dialog: food and bite our enemies.
text: The students laugh; that peculiar laugh common to students
text: and soldiers when a superior makes a joke. It is at this
text: moment that Fettes starts down the stairs. MacFarlane looks
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: Here, Fettes, life can't be all
dialog: skittles and ladies --
text: This sally provokes a low murmur of appreciative laughter
text: from the students. Fettes, discomfited, joins the group.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
text: (pulling a watch from his
dialog: pocket)
dialog: It's time for our luncheon. I've a
dialog: bit of beef to discuss and --
dialog: (bowing slightly)
dialog: I leave you all to whatever
dialog: arrangements you have made to serve
text: the inner man.
text: FULL SHOT -- Fettes as he takes up a small bundle wrapped in
text: a handkerchief and starts for the door.
text: MED. SHOT -- MacFarlane as he starts for the stairs. He
text: passes a table where Richardson is bent over his work, which
text: is out of scene.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: Well, I see you have that arm
dialog: you've been yearning for,
dialog: Richardson.
speaker_heading: RICHARDSON
dialog: Yes, sir. This fellow must have
dialog: been a great one at hurling the bar
text: -- beautiful biceps. Burke and
dialog: Hare would never have got the best
dialog: of this fellow.
text: MacFarlane's head jerks up and he looks directly at
dialog: Richardson.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: RICHARDSON
dialog: I was making a joke, sir.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (passing on)
dialog: It's a poor subject for jest,
dialog: Richardson -- particularly for a
dialog: medical student.
text: He turns abruptly away and starts toward the stairs.
speaker_heading: GILCHRIST
dialog: (to Richardson)
dialog: What did you say to His Imperial
dialog: Highness?
speaker_heading: RICHARDSON
text: Nothing but a merry word about
dialog: Burke and Hare --
speaker_heading: GILCHRIST
dialog: That's nothing for him to get upset
dialog: about. They're dead and buried --
text: Richardson shrugs.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. GREYFRIAR'S CHURCHYARD
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DAY
text: Fettes comes along the street toward the gateway. Suddenly
text: he stops and looks at a small crowd which has gathered around
text: the gate, all talking very excitedly and peering in over each
text: other's shoulders. He stands and looks.
text: MED. FULL SHOT -- the crowd at the gate. The people draw
text: back making way for Mrs. MacBride who comes out.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- Mrs. MacBride as she makes her way through
text: the crowd. She is crying and in her arms she carries the
text: dead body of the little dog.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE -- SHOOTING FROM behind Fettes. Mrs. MacBride
text: comes through the crowd and starts across the street toward
dialog: him.
text: CLOSE SHOT -- Mrs. MacBride and Fettes. Fettes looks at her.
scene_heading: MRS. MACBRIDE
dialog: (as she passes him)
dialog: They killed his wee doggie too --
dialog: little Robbie.
dialog: (passes on)
text: CLOSE SHOT -- Fettes as he watches Mrs. MacBride. From
text: behind him comes the sound of the street singer's song.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. MACFARLANE'S STUDY -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: MacFarlane is seated on a high stool at a work table. He has
text: before him two large bones and is measuring these with a pair
text: of dividers and marking down notations in a notebook. While
text: he works he whistles "The Blue Bells of Scotland." There is
text: a knock at the door.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Come in!
text: He looks over his shoulder to see Fettes as he enters then
text: turns back to his work. Fettes comes up and stands beside
text: him. MacFarlane makes a notation in the notebook and then
text: looks up.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: Well, Fettes where have you
dialog: been? I didn't see you at the
dialog: afternoon session.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: I don't think I can go on, sir.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
text: (whirling around on the
dialog: stool)
dialog: What the devil do you mean? You
dialog: have your lodgings, a certain
dialog: stipend -- I thought I had arranged
dialog: everything for you --
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: I saw the woman whose son's body
dialog: was delivered last night.
text: MacFarlane nods.
speaker_heading: FETTES (cont'd)
dialog: That man took the body from
dialog: Greyfriar's. I knew the woman.
dialog: I knew the little dog on the grave.
text: He killed the dog.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: And that's why you don't want to be
dialog: a doctor, Fettes?
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Not if I have to be party to things
dialog: like that, Dr. MacFarlane.
text: MacFarlane studies him for a moment. He then gets up from
text: the stool and puts his hand on the boy's shoulder.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Fettes, I was an assistant once. I
dialog: had to deal with men like Gray. Do
dialog: you think I did it because I wanted
dialog: to? Do you think I want to do it
dialog: now? But I must and you must.
text: Fettes shakes his head. MacFarlane puts his other hand on
text: Fettes' other shoulder.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: Ignorant men have dammed up the
dialog: stream of medical progress with
dialog: stupid and unjust laws. If that
dialog: dam will not break, the other men
dialog: of medicine have to find other
dialog: courses. You understand me,
dialog: Fettes?
text: Fettes nods.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: But this woman -- and her son --
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: I'm sorry for the woman, Fettes.
dialog: But her son might be alive today
dialog: had more doctors been given the
dialog: opportunity to work on more human
dialog: specimens. As for me, Fettes, I
dialog: let no man stop me when I know I'm
dialog: vight -- when I know that I need
dialog: those lifeless subjects for my
dialog: student's enlightenment and for my
dialog: own knowledge. And if you're a
dialog: veal man and want to be a good
dialog: doctor, you'll see it as I see it.
text: There is a long pause. MacFarlane lets his hands drop to his
dialog: sides.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: Well, boy?
text: Fettes nods. MacFarlane claps him jovially on the back.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: You're a good lad, Fettes.
dialog: (looking at Fettes more
dialog: closely)
dialog: But you look a bit pale to me. I'm
dialog: dining at Hobbs. Come along with
dialog: me and have a bit of the joint and
dialog: a glass of ale. It will put new
dialog: life in you.
text: He takes the boy's arm and they start from the room.
scene_heading: EXT. EDINBURGH STREET -- NIGHT
text: The pavement is glistening from a recent rain and there is a
text: hint of fog in the air. It is the dinner hour and the street
text: is fairly well peopled. On one corner by the light of a
text: flaring torch a pamphleteer is selling his wares. On the
text: other corner the street singer stands chanting her ballad;
text: the dolorous phrases reciting the tale of a dead knight
text: deserted by his horse, his hound and his leman fair.
text: MED. FULL SHOT -- the singer. MacFarlane, with top hat, cape
text: and carrying a cane swings briskly past her with Fettes, more
text: soberly dressed, at his side. They stride out of scene.
scene_heading: EXT. HOBBS PUBLIC HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: MacFarlane with Fettes in tow comes breezing up. With a
text: lordly gesture he ushers Fettes before him into the public
dialog: house.
scene_heading: INT. HOBBS PUBLIC HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: It is bright, warm and cheerful. A huge fire is roaring in
text: the fireplace and before it is a rack spit turned by a spit
text: boy who sings as he turns. (Song to be supplied.) On the
text: spit is a young porker with forelegs and hind legs stretched
text: to elongate him before the fire. The porker has just
text: recently been put on the spit so that he gleams pale white in
text: the warm glow of the fire.
text: MED. FULL SHOT -- at the door. Fettes, followed by
text: MacFarlane comes in. Fettes looks shyly around him while a
text: man servant takes his hat. MacFarlane boldly flings his hat
text: and cape to the attendant and strides forward toward the
text: fireplace. He extends his hands and looks at the slowly
dialog: turning porker.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (to Fettes)
dialog: We'll have a stiffener or two of
dialog: hot rum and by then we will be able
dialog: to meet this fellow on fairly equal
dialog: terms of warmth, eh Fettes?
text: From behind them comes an insinuating voice.
speaker_heading: GRAY'S VOICE
dialog: A fine “specimen” isn't he, Toddy
dialog: MacFarlane?
text: They both twist around quickly.
text: REVERSE SHOT -- on the opposite side of the room where he has
text: hidden from them by the high walls of the divan, a sort of
text: inglenook built away from the fireplace, is Gray. This is
text: "common" section of the inn. He sits with a loaf of coarse
text: bread before him and a glass of stout at his elbow. He is
text: grinning. Without rising, Gray beckons.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Come, Toddy -- come. Sit down here
dialog: with me.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Don't call me that confounded name.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (still grinning)
dialog: Well, then, Doctor MacFarlane --
dialog: although I've known a time, Today,
dialog: when you liked the name. Aye, and
dialog: many are dead now who called you by
dialog: it; rough and wild ones they were,
dialog: too. But come Toddy, sit down here
dialog: with your young friend.
text: Fettes looks in surprise from the doctor to the cabman,
text: utterly confused at the familiarity of this man's address.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Mr. Fettes and I have professional
dialog: matters to discuss.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Medicine? That'll keep. Sit down.
text: As MacFarlane hesitates, angry and most anxious to refuse,
text: Gray lowers his tone to a sly confidential murmur.
speaker_heading: GRAY (cont'd)
dialog: You wouldn't want it said of you
dialog: that you refused a glass to an old
dialog: friend.
text: MacFarlane shrugs.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: We'll buy you a glass, Gray.
text: He motions to Fettes to sit down. Fettes takes a seat and
text: MacFarlane sits down beside him. As Fettes sits down beside
text: him, Gray turns to him in a confidential manner.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I'm a pretty bad fellow myself, but
dialog: MacFarlane is the boy -- Toddy
dialog: MacFarlane --
text: He chuckles, shaking his head as if in appreciation of the
text: most sinister sort of villainy. MacFarlane is angry. Fettes
text: is confused and unable to orient himself in this strange
dialog: relationship between the great anatomist and the lowly
text: cabman. Gray turns to MacFarlane.
speaker_heading: GRAY (cont'd)
dialog: Come, Toddy, order for your friend.
text: MacFarlane lifts his hand to beckon to the waiter.
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D
dialog: No, on second thought, let me
dialog: order.
dialog: (as the waiter comes up)
dialog: We'll have a bowl of hot punch and
dialog: a cut off the loin from that fine
dialog: porker.
text: The waiter looks at Gray dubiously, unused to such a
text: sumptuous order from so humble a customer.
speaker_heading: GRAY (cont'd)
dialog: (catching the look)
dialog: You needn't worry, waiter, I'm with
dialog: my friend -- the great Dr.
dialog: MacFarlane -- he wants to sit here
dialog: with the commonality.
text: The waiter nods, looks from MacFarlane's tense and angry face
text: to Gray's grinning countenance, turns and makes off to the
text: kitchen. For a moment the three men sit silently, MacFarlane
text: encircled in the iron ring of his anger;
text: Fettes tongue-tied and abashed and Gray gloating over the
text: doctor's discomfiture. Finally Gray breaks the silence.
speaker_heading: GRAY (cont'd)
dialog: (to MacFarlane)
dialog: Well, you were going to talk of
dialog: medical matters. Don't let my
dialog: humble presence stop you. Speak
text: up, Toddy.
text: MacFarlane, goaded beyond the point of endurance, pounds his
text: fist on the table.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: I will not have you use that name
dialog: to me.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: You will not have it?
text: The two men glare at each other, then very slowly MacFarlane
text: averts his gaze. Fettes looks from one to the other and then
text: trying to cover the defeat of his teacher, begins to speak.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Dr. MacFarlane -- you remember the
dialog: lady who came to see you yesterday --
dialog: the lady with the little girl?
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: I remember her.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: She came again today. She wanted
dialog: me to ask you if you would not
dialog: break your rule and operate. She
dialog: feels you are her only hope.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: So she told me. I'ma teacher --
dialog: not a practitioner.
text: MacFarlane shrugs as if this aspect of the conversation were
text: closed. Gray looks over at him quizzically.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: You're a teacher, eh? Maybe you're
text: afraid to be a doctor, Toddy.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Afraid of what?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Afraid you are not as good a doctor
dialog: perhaps as you make out to be.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: I am the best man for the job.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Why don't you do it then?
text: He pauses and looks slyly at MacFarlane.
speaker_heading: GRAY (cont'd)
dialog: I'd like you to do the operation,
dialog: Toddy.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: You? Why? Since when have you
dialog: become the protector of little
dialog: children?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I'm not concerned about the child,
dialog: Toddy. It's you I'm thinking of,
dialog: I'd like to see you prove that a
dialog: lot of things I know haven't hurt
dialog: Toddy MacFarlane any.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: I'll not do it, Gray.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Oh, yes, you will. You'll do it to
dialog: oblige Fettes and myself.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Maybe there's some private reason
dialog: between you and me which will make
dialog: you -- some long lost friend of
dialog: ours.
dialog: (dropping his voice)
dialog: Say that you'll do it for me and my
dialog: friend, Mr. Fettes, here.
text: The two men exchange glances for a moment.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (trying to cover up)
dialog: It might be an interesting case.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: That's a good boy, Toddy.
dialog: NOTE: The following line to be shot as protection for the
dialog: content of this scene.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: You only want me to do it because I
dialog: don't want to. That's it, isn't
dialog: it, Gray?
text: MacFarlane glares at him with hatred. Gray grins and turns
dialog: to Fettes.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Toddy hates me.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: Don't call me that confounded name,
dialog: I tell you.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Hear him? Did you ever see the
dialog: lads play knife?
text: He picks up the table knife and puts it across his knuckles,
text: then with a sweep of his fist, tosses it into the loaf of
dialog: bread.
speaker_heading: GRAY (cont'd)
dialog: He would like to do that all over
dialog: my body.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: (trying to make a joke)
dialog: We medicals have a better way than
dialog: that. When we dislike a friend we
text: dissect him.
text: MacFarlane looks up sharply. Gray glances at him and smiles.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: You'll never get rid of me that
dialog: way, Toddy. You and I have two
dialog: bodies -- aye, very different sorts
dialog: of bodies -- but we're closer than
dialog: if we were in the same skin -- for
dialog: I saved that skin of yours once and
dialog: you'll not forget it.
text: The waiter comes, bearing a steaming bowl of punch. He
text: ladles out a glassful and puts it before MacFarlane.
text: MacFarlane drinks thirstily, glad of this excuse to avoid
text: Gray's penetrating glance.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. THE RAMPARTS -- DAY
text: The ramparts of the castle of Edinburgh are about thirty feet
text: wide and overgrown with the grass of centuries. This forms a
text: narrow lawn between two crenellated stone walls. From these
text: battlements only a distant horizon line, a few spires and
text: fleecy clouds above the town can be seen.
text: LONG SHOT -- a small group of children. The CAMERA PANS WITH
text: these children as they run, laughing and shouting, across the
text: lawn of the ramparts. When they run past the little
text: wheelchair in which Georgina is seated, the CAMERA HOLDS ON
text: Georgina. She turns her head to watch the children run off.
text: Then she turns and looks the other way to where her mother
text: and Fettes are standing by the ramparts, deep in
text: conversation. The CAMERA PANS WITH her gaze. They are out
text: of earshot of the child talking in low, confidential tones.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: You have his promise, then?
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Yes.
text: Mrs. Marsh looks over at Georgina, then back to Fettes.
text: Fettes turns and looks over at Georgina.
speaker_heading: FETTES (cont'd)
dialog: There will be great pain connected
dialog: with it, matam. During the
dialog: operation and afterward -- great
dialog: pain and shock --
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: (almost breathing the
dialog: words)
dialog: -- pain -- and shock. She's brave
dialog: enough, but I don't know about
dialog: myself. Now that it seems so
dialog: close, I wonder if I dare trust my
dialog: child into any but God's hands.
dialog: Maybe He knows best.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Ma'am, is you'll allow me, I'd like
dialog: to give you cause for courage --
dialog: Dr. MacFarlane is a great man -- I
dialog: think he's the greatest man in
dialog: medicine. God would not have given
dialog: him such gifts if they were not
dialog: meant for Georgina's cure.
text: Mrs. Marsh looks at him gratefully.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Fettes.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- Georgina. Seated in her little wheel
text: chair, she is cuddling a porcelain-faced doll of the period.
text: Suddenly she hears something in the street far below. It is
text: the clop-clop of horse's hoofs and the ringing of wheels on
text: the cobble stones. She looks up and tries to raise herself
text: in her wheel chair to see over the parapet. She is unable to
text: do so. She calls out to her mother.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: Mommie! Mommie!
text: MED. FULL SHOT -- Georgina in the f.g. Fettes and Mrs. Marsh
text: turn to go toward her.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA (cont'd)
dialog: Push me to the wall, Mommie. I
dialog: think I hear him.
text: Fettes takes a few long steps and comes up to the wheel
dialog: chair.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Hear him?
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
text: The white horse. The horse that is
text: going to greet me when he sees me.
speaker_heading: FETTES
text: (as he starts to wheel the
dialog: chair toward the parapet)
dialog: An old acquaintance, eh?
text: Georgina nods. He gets her as far as the wall and she looks
text: over. She peers down, then turns back with a look of
text: disappointment on her face.
text: DOWN SHOT -- from the Ramparts. On the street below a
text: carriage is passing drawn by a brown horse.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- Georgina and Fettes.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: (disappointed)
text: It was a brown horse.
text: Mrs. Marsh comes up.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
text: A cabby told her his horse would
dialog: say "hello" to her the next time he
text: saw her. Georgina has been looking
dialog: everywhere for that horse.
text: Fettes looks at the child, smiling, then leans down so as to
text: bring himself on a level with her.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Why do you want the white horse to
dialog: bid you "good-day"?
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: He was a nice horse.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Maybe there's another reason.
dialog: Maybe you haven't friends enough.
dialog: Could that be it, Georgina?
text: Georgina looks at him, thinks a moment, then nods her head.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: Of course -- I don't have friends.
dialog: That's because I can't walk. I try
dialog: to make myself used to it.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: One shouldn't get used to the wrong
dialog: things, Georgina. You want to walk
dialog: and run and play.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: (not knowing the direction
dialog: or purpose of Fettes'
dialog: conversation; breaks in)
dialog: Really, Mr. Fettes -- I thought you
dialog: at least would know how much
dialog: Georgina wants that.
text: Fettes nods.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Aye, but I still wonder how much.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: (with dreadful sincerity)
dialog: I want it --
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: But you'll have to stand great
dialog: pain, Georgina. Greater pain than
dialog: you ever dreamed of in the worst
dialog: time of your sickness. Do you want
dialog: it that much?
text: Georgina nods.
speaker_heading: FETTES (cont'd)
dialog: Then, Dr. MacFarlane will make you
dialog: well,
text: He smiles at her and although this direct conversation about
text: her illness has brought tears to her eyes, Georgina smiles
text: back at him and Mrs. Marsh, looking down at them, smiles too.
text: In her eyes also are tears.
speaker_heading: WIPE DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. MACFARLANE'S LIVING ROOM
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DAY
text: MacFarlane is seated in a wing chair before the fire.
text: Although it is near noon, he still wears dressing gown and
text: slippers. His hair is rumpled and his eyes bloodshot. He
text: has a glass in his left hand and holds a poker in his right.
text: With the poker he tries to push a big piece of cannel coal
text: into the flames. It eludes the point of the poker and rolls
text: back against the hobb. Again he pushes it forward. Again it
text: rolls back. Suddenly, and with almost maniacal rage, he
text: lifts up the poker and brings it crashing down on the coal.
text: The soft coal splinters into a hundred pieces. Suddenly,
text: from behind him comes a woman's soft and teasing laughter.
text: He turns. Meg Cameron stands in the doorway behind him. She
text: comes quickly across the room to him.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (as she walks)
dialog: Gray's head -- is that it, Teddy?
dialog: Is that what broke just now under
dialog: the poker. Broken it -- and have
dialog: done with him forever.
text: By the time and she has finished her speech, Meg has reached
text: him and before he has had a chance to even react to her
text: teasing, mocking tones, she has flung herself down on her
text: knees beside his chair, thrown her arms about his neck and
text: kissed him passionately.
speaker_heading: MEG (cont'd)
dialog: My poor lad -- my poor, poor lad
dialog: that can never be free of him.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: You're daft. What's Gray to me.
dialog: He's only a man from whom I buy
dialog: what I need when I need it -- the
text: rest is forgotten.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: You may deny the devil, Toddy, but
dialog: you'll not rid yourself of him by
text: saying the devil is dead.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Nonsense. You're a fey creature
dialog: with mad ideas. But you have a
dialog: wildness that holds me to you,
dialog: lass.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (quite sure of her ground)
dialog: No great lady will ever take my
dialog: place?
text: MacFarlane shakes his head. He kisses her. She clings to
text: him. It is at this moment that there is a knocking at the
text: door. Meg rises quickly and adjusts her clothing.
text: MacFarlane tries to seem more at ease.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Come in.
text: Fettes comes in.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: I didn't expect to see you on
dialog: Sunday, Fettes. What do you want,
dialog: some powders for your aching head?
dialog: That was a furious lot we drank
dialog: last night -- and in bad company.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: It was about last night I wanted to
dialog: talk to you -- about the operation
text: on the little Marsh girl.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (loftily)
dialog: You're a man of the world, Fettes,
dialog: you wouldn't hold me to promise
dialog: given in drink.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: But I -- well, you see, sir, I met
dialog: Mrs. Marsh and told her.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (beginning to lose
dialog: patience)
dialog: Really, Fettes, you irk me with
dialog: your lack of understanding.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: But you did promise.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Look here, Fettes. Not I nor
dialog: anyone else knows enough about the
dialog: spinal column and its intricacies
dialog: to insure success in such an
dialog: operation. I would have to study
dialog: the matter. Have we any
dialog: "subjects"?
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Wilmont used up the last spinal
dialog: section.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: You see, it is completely out of
dialog: the question.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: (very disappointed)
dialog: Yes, I suppose so.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Now you run off and see that pretty
text: Mrs. Marsh and explain to her.
text: Fettes, dejected and disappointed, nods and slowly leaves the
text: room. MacFarlane watches him go.
scene_heading: INT. ANATOMY ROOM -- DAY
text: CLOSE SHOT -- Joseph at the desk. He has the account book
text: open before him and with index finger moving from letter to
text: letter, he is laboriously but silently spelling out the
text: words. Suddenly, he hears footsteps behind him on the stairs
text: and quickly slams the book and begins dusting the desk.
text: FULL SHOT -- The anatomy room from Joseph's ANGLE. Fettes is
text: coming down the stairs and crosses toward him.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Joseph --
text: Joseph looks up.
speaker_heading: FETTES (cont'd)
dialog: Would you know a spinal column if
dialog: you saw one?
text: Joseph nods and grins.
speaker_heading: FETTES (cont'd)
dialog: Do we have one?
text: Joseph shakes his head. Fettes shrugs. He stands thinking
text: for a moment, then speaks to Joseph again.
speaker_heading: FETTES (cont'd)
dialog: Joseph --
text: Joseph looks up again.
speaker_heading: FETTES (cont'd)
dialog: -- do you happen to know where
dialog: Gray, the cabman, lives?
text: Joseph nods.
speaker_heading: FETTES (cont'd)
dialog: Well, tell me.
text: Joseph leans meditatively on the desk.
speaker_heading: FETTES (cont'd)
dialog: What do you want me to do, bribe
dialog: you? I'm cursed if I do. Tell me
dialog: straight out. Where does he live?
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: I'd gladly run with a message, sir,
dialog: for a florin. It's not much,
dialog: considering it's Sunday.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: I only want his address.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: He lives in the Westport --
text: Fettes nods.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH (cont'd)
dialog: (in a last desperate
dialog: effort)
dialog: I'd gladly go.
text: But Fettes has already passed into the entry way.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT
scene_heading: EXT. DARK ALLEYWAY
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: It is a crooked, narrow alley. The only light comes from the
text: ends. Fettes can begin to hear the ballad of the street
text: singer from the street toward which he is going. He pauses a
text: moment, listens, then walks forward into the darkness; the
text: song almost seeming to guide him through the dark alley.
text: He comes to the darkest portion of the alley. A sound from
text: the left attracts his attention. He comes to an abrupt halt
text: as something white and mysterious moves on a window sill at
text: his eye level. He takes a half step backward as a white cat
text: leaps down and scurries noiselessly across his path. Fettes
text: grins at his own fright and goes on. He passes through the
text: darkness and comes out into the dim light of the other
text: street. He comes to the street corner and on the corner
text: stands the street singer. She is singing her little song and
text: jingling a few coins in her begging bowl to attract the
text: attention of the few people passing by in this dismal street.
text: Fettes goes up to her. She stops singing.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Do you know where Mr. Gray lives --
dialog: Gray, the cabman?
text: The girl shakes her head.
speaker_heading: FETTES (cont'd)
dialog: Well, thanks anyhow.
text: He takes a coin from his pocket and drops it into her bowl.
text: He goes off and the CAMERA MOVES IN to a BIG CLOSEUP of the
text: girl as she resumes her song.
text: LONG SHOT -- Fettes as he walks. This alley, like the other
text: grows darker toward the center. There is an arch leading to
text: a court. Fettes turns left under this arch.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAY'S DWELLING AND STABLE -- NIGHT
dialog: 
text: It is a tiny, narrow squalid building. He looks at it, sees
text: the name, "John Gray -- Cabman" written on a board across the
text: door, goes up to it and knocks. As there is no answer, he
text: pushes the door open and steps into almost Stygian darkness.
scene_heading: INT. GRAY'S STABLE
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Fettes gropes his way along the wall toward the stairs.
text: Suddenly from the darkness looms a tremendous white figure.
text: It is the cabman's horse. His first momentary fright over,
text: Fettes pats the horse's nose, passes on to the stairs, climbs
text: the brief flight of steps leading to a door from under which
text: comes a ray of light. Again he knocks. A voice shouts out
text: to him.
speaker_heading: GRAY'S VOICE
dialog: Come in -- come in.
text: Fettes thrusts open the door and looks around to see the room
text: in which he finds himself. It is a large loft-like room,
text: furnished with odds and ends of poor furniture. The best
text: pieces in the room are two dilapidated easy chairs that have
text: obviously seen better days. On one wall some spare harness
text: is hung. A great battered wardrobe contains Gray's clothes.
text: The floor is covered with two worn Turkey carpets. There is
text: a bed on which the bedclothes are untidily tumbled. There is
text: a washstand and pitcher. Quite evidently Gray uses this
text: chamber as a combined living, dining and bedroom as well as a
dialog: kitchen. This last is the purpose to which it is being put
text: as Fettes enters. Gray, in shirt sleeves, is crouched over
text: the embers of the fire in the hearth, stirring some sausages
text: in a frying pan. The kettle steams busily on the hob. Ona
text: small table near the fire is a loaf of bread, a jug of ale, a
text: wooden trencher, a clasp knife and a fork. As Fettes enters,
text: Gray rises and goes to meet him with the frying pan still in
text: his left hand.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: So it's the young doctor come to
dialog: see me. I'm honored -- honored --
text: There is a curious, almost triumphant undertone in his voice.
speaker_heading: GRAY (cont'd)
dialog: Here, take this. It is the most
text: comfortable chair.
text: He guides Fettes to a chair and Fettes, without removing his
text: coat, sits down.
text: With quick servile civility he crosses to the taboret, gets a
text: glass and bottle and brings it back with him. He pours a
dialog: glass for Fettes.
text: Fettes takes a swallow.
speaker_heading: GRAY (cont'd)
dialog: And to what do I owe this honor of
dialog: this visit? Some business, was it,
dialog: of Dr. MacFarlane's?
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Dr. MacFarlane didn't send me. I
dialog: came of my own accord.
text: He breaks off, taking another swig from his glass.
speaker_heading: FETTES (cont'd)
dialog: What are the chances of your being
dialog: able to get us a "subject"?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: It would be difficult -- very
dialog: difficult. There was a dog that
dialog: bothered me during the last job --
dialog: people seem so concerned about dogs
dialog: -- all in all it raised the very
dialog: mother and father of a row. I'm
dialog: told the kirkyards are to be
dialog: guarded.
dialog: (pausing)
dialog: But I would not like to say that it
dialog: would be impossible to get a
dialog: "subject".
text: A look of relief comes over Fettes' face. He picks up his
text: glass and drinks again.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: (leaning forward)
dialog: But how soon, man? Dr. MacFarlane
dialog: is engaged in some very urgent
dialog: research at present. He can't wait
dialog: very long.
text: Again Gray smiles.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I fear he may have to.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: But can't you give me any idea?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: How could I? I will do my best.
dialog: After all, you see, I am
dialog: financially interested.
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK to a WIDER ANGLE as Fettes gets to his
text: feet abruptly. Where comes very faintly over the shot from
text: somewhere outside, the voice of the street singer, singing
text: the same melody.
speaker_heading: GRAY (cont'd)
dialog: You may tell Toddy that I will do
dialog: what I can, when I can -- as he
dialog: knows I will.
dialog: (sighing)
dialog: But he must wait and see as the
dialog: children do.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: If that's your answer -- it'll have
dialog: to do.
text: Fettes turns abruptly away and goes quickly out of scene
text: toward the door. Gray sits for a moment, reflecting, then
text: gets to his feet. The CAMERA PANS WITH him as he goes to the
text: door and out.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: MED. FULL SHOT -- at the far side of the street, Fettes can
text: be seen striding. At the nearer side, approaching slowly, is
dialog: the street singer.
scene_heading: INT. GRAY'S STABLE -- NIGHT
text: CLOSE SHOT -- Gray. His head is turned in the direction of
text: the voice. His hand comes up to his chin as he rubs at it
text: reflectively, obviously seized by an idea. He makes up his
text: mind and turns into the stable.
text: MED. SHOT. It is dark. In the f.g. is the white horse. It
text: turns as Gray comes into scene and nuzzles him affectionately
text: as he pats it.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Ah, Friend! There's bad news for
dialog: you, boy -- bad news --
text: He pulls out a lump of sugar and gives it to the horse.
speaker_heading: GRAY (cont'd)
dialog: We have to go out again, Friend.
text: He turns away into the darkness, but is back in a moment
text: bearing the horse's collar. As he slips the collar over the
dialog: animal's head --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. STREET -- NIGHT
text: It is a long deserted street. At the near end a lantern on a
text: house wall casts a sphere of dim radiance. The CAMERA is
text: FOCUSED DOWN the street which ends in Stygian darkness. From
text: behind the camera comes the street singer, walking slowly,
text: singing and rattling her begging bowl. She walks on. Just
text: before her figure is lost in the darkness, from behind the
text: camera can be heard the clop-clop of hoofs, the creak of
text: carriage springs, and the rolling wheels of Gray's cab. As
text: the singer disappears completely into the darkness, the cab
text: goes past the camera. It, too, disappears into the darkness.
text: The CAMERA HOLDS. The sound of the carriage ceases. A
text: moment later, the song of the street singer comes to an
text: abrupt, choked end.
speaker_heading: LONG DISSOLVE OUT
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN
scene_heading: INT. FETTES BEDROOM
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: At a small table, seated on a high stool, is Fettes. A
text: little lamp burns dimly at his elbow and by its light he is
text: studying. He turns the pages, checks some point in his
text: reading with an anatomical chart spread over the table and
text: with his pencil still poised over the anatomical chart, he
text: pauses, listening. From some distance away comes the sound
text: of a horse's hoofs and the banging of wheels. Fettes rises
text: and crosses to the window. He draws the curtains aside and
text: pushes open the casement. With the window open and sound of
text: the horse's hoofs is louder. He looks down.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAY -- NIGHT
text: SHOOTING DOWNWARD as if from Fettes' viewpoint. Gray's cab
text: pulled by the white horse comes into the scene and stops.
scene_heading: INT. FETTES BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: Fettes turns away from the window and starts for the door.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAY -- NIGHT
text: Gray gets off the cab.
scene_heading: INT. ANATOMY ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Fettes passing through.
scene_heading: INT. THE ENTRY WAY -- NIGHT
text: Fettes opens the door, admitting Gray. He comes in carrying
text: the usual canvas-colored body, but this burden is lighter
text: than the last. Without any difficulty he takes it into the
text: adjoining room.
scene_heading: INT. ANATOMY ROOM -- NIGHT
text: Gray lays his burden down upon the table.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: There, Master Fettes. Sooner than
dialog: we had expected. A stoke of luck
dialog: one might say.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Good.
text: He is still almost half asleep as he starts over toward the
text: desk pulling the key from his pocket as he goes. As he does
text: so, his eyes light on the face of the corpse, revealed on his
text: side by the drooping canvas. He is startled; takes two steps
text: nearer and looks again.
speaker_heading: FETTES (cont'd)
dialog: That's the street singer.
text: Gray says nothing; merely looks at him calmly.
speaker_heading: FETTES (cont'd)
dialog: (very much excited)
dialog: I know her, I tell you! She was
text: alive and hearty only this evening.
text: It's impossible she can be dead.
text: He pauses. Then in a lower voice.
speaker_heading: FETTES (cont'd)
dialog: You could not have gotten this body
dialog: fairly.
text: Gray looks at him with a cold, hard look.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: You are entirely mistaken.
text: The two men stand facing each other. There is even a hint of
text: physical violence in Gray's stooped crouch.
speaker_heading: GRAY (cont'd)
dialog: You had better give me my money and
dialog: make the proper entry.
text: He stares Fettes down and the boy crosses over to the desk
text: and hurriedly gets out the money. He crosses over and gives
text: it to Gray. Gray looks at it and then at the boy.
speaker_heading: GRAY (cont'd)
dialog: Good night, Dr. Fettes.
text: He tips his hat and is quickly gone. Fettes goes back to the
text: body and looks down at the dead face of the girl. He
text: shudders.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. ANATOMY ROOM -- DAY
text: CLOSE FULL SHOT -- the stairway. The door at the top of the
text: stairs opens and MacFarlane comes through with an early
text: morning shine upon his countenance; his hair sleek from
text: brushing. He is adjusting his tie and is whistling a
text: Scottish tune as he descends the stairs. He suddenly breaks
text: off as he sees someone below him on the floor level of the
dialog: anatomy room.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (heartily)
dialog: Well, well, good morning to you,
dialog: young Master Fettes.
text: REVERSE SHOT. Fettes is completely dressed, but his haggard
text: face and rumpled hair give evidence of a sleepless night.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Dr. MacFarlane, have you ever seen
dialog: a street singer who sang "The Twa
dialog: Corby"?
text: They start toward the table where the body lies. The CAMERA
text: BEGINS TO TRUCK WITH them.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
text: Every street singer with a cracked
text: voice gives tongue to that one.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: This girl was beautiful
dialog: lassie from the Highlands.
dialog: 
dialog: a wild
text: MacFarlane shrugs.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Beautiful, you say? It's a wonder I
dialog: have not remarked her.
text: They have reached the table and both me look down.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: Oh, this girl.
text: He whistles a bar or two of her song.
scene_heading: INT. RECESS NEAR BRINE VAT -- DAY
text: Joseph, comfortably seated on a three-legged stool near the
text: brine vat and contentedly sucking at an old clay pipe, hears
text: the doctor's whistled tune. He leans forward without rising,
text: parts the curtain to look out.
speaker_heading: FETTES' VOICE
dialog: She was murdered.
text: Joseph softly rises from his stool, taking care to let the
text: legs of this seat go back quietly onto the floor. He puts
text: himself into an attitude of intense listening.
scene_heading: INT. ANATOMY ROOM -- DAY
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT on MacFarlane and Fettes.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: I went to see Gray last night. I
dialog: asked him to bring us a specimen.
dialog: On my way I saw this girl. I gave
text: her alms money. She was alive and
dialog: singing.
text: He points to her temple. MacFarlane looks down.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Well --
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Gray killed her.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: We can't be sure of that.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: I am sure. I mean to report it.
dialog: It's like Burke and Hare all over
dialog: again.
text: MacFarlane studies him for a long moment.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (very quietly)
dialog: I wouldn't do that, Fettes. I
dialog: wouldn't report it.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Grave robbing is one thing -- this
dialog: is murder.
text: CLOSE SHOT -- Joseph at the curtain. He is turning away. He
text: has heard enough, and the calculating look in his eyes has
text: been replaced by one of triumphant decision.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT -- Fettes and MacFarlane.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: I don't know that -- neither do
dialog: you. This subject may have been an
text: epileptic -- thrown a fit -- fallen
text: out of bed -- cracked her skull and
dialog: killed herself -- there is
dialog: everything explained -- the bruise
dialog: on her head --
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: I can't believe that.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Believe it or not. It's best for
dialog: you to pretend that you do. After
dialog: all, it was you who ordered this
dialog: specimen, received it here, and
dialog: paid for it. That makes you a
dialog: party to murder.
text: Fettes looks at MacFarlane. The truth of what the doctor has
text: said is borne in upon him. He is confused and bewildered.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: But, I didn't ask him to kill.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Who would believe that? And you
dialog: know, someone else might recognize
dialog: her. She was as well known as the
dialog: Castle Rock.
text: MacFarlane looks over at him.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: I should advise complete
dialog: dissection.
text: MacFarlane starts to pull back the canvas from the body.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: I'll help you, of course.
text: Fettes hesitates. MacFarlane throws back the canvas sheet.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE TWO SHOT -- Fettes and MacFarlane.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: I want the whole centrum myself for
dialog: spinal work -- you know why --
text: Fettes understands, smiles and moves forward to help the
text: doctor lift the body.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. MACFARLANE'S LIVING ROOM -- DAY
text: It is a bright afternoon and there is no fire on the hearth.
text: Mrs. Marsh is seated on the sofa and Meg sits beside her. A
text: tea service on a small table is between them. Georgina's
text: empty wheel-chair is in evidence.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (pushing a cup of tea
dialog: toward Mrs. Marsh)
dialog: Have a drop -- it'll help.
text: Mrs. Marsh shakes her head. Between her hands is a
text: handkerchief which she is twisting nervously.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: I couldn't swallow it.
text: She makes a nervous desperate gesture with her handkerchief;
text: glances wildly at the clock.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH (cont'd)
dialog: How long has it been?
text: Meg Cameron also glances at the clock.
speaker_heading: MEG
text: Only twenty minutes.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: (desperately echoing)
text: Only twenty minutes.
scene_heading: INT. ANATOMY ROOM -- DAY
text: LONG SHOT. The room no longer has its ordinary arrangements.
text: The tables and benches have been pulled up around the central
text: marble-topped table for use as an impromptu grandstands.
text: Students are standing on the tables and benches, peering down
text: in tense and silent excitement at something on the table.
text: There is the sound of a child's groan; a gasp of pain.
text: CLOSE FULL SHOT -- the circle around the table. Georgina
text: partially covered by a sheet, lies on the slab. MacFarlane
text: in shirt sleeves and apron bends over her. Richardson and
text: some other students are close around him. Fettes crouches at
text: the head of the table; his face near that of the child. This
text: is a very low camera setup which hides the actual business of
text: the operation from the audience, but which allows them to see
text: the reactions to it on the faces of the students.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Here is where you must watch
dialog: closely, gentleman -- closely -- it
dialog: is the very heart of the matter --
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Wait, Doctor -- wait! The child's
text: fainting.
text: The two big students who are holding the tiny thin arms of
text: the girl to hold her down look questioningly at MacFarlane.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Give her some brandy if you want.
text: Fettes shakes his head.
speaker_heading: FETTES
text: She's unconscious.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Pulse?
speaker_heading: RICHARDSON
text: Slow -- but not too alarming.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Let us proceed.
text: He bends to his work again.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: Fettes loo
speaker_heading: FADE IN
dialog: It is late
text: his desk.
text: He gets up
dialog: (commenting as he goes)
dialog: -- and the final step -- we push
dialog: the ganglia to one side -- then we
dialog: make the actual osseous incision
dialog: here -- so -- it is done the
dialog: 
text: repair is effected and nothing left
dialog: to do but replace the tissue and
dialog: let nature heal what is no longer a
dialog: defect -- merely a wound --
speaker_heading: RICHARDSON
dialog: (softly; but with feeling)
dialog: Bravo!
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (to Fettes)
dialog: I'll be finished with her in an
dialog: instant. Then you can consider her
dialog: your patient, Fettes.
dialog: ks his gratitude.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: INT. ANATOMY ROOM -- DAY
text: afternoon and only MacFarlane is there working at
text: Suddenly Joseph comes in from the entry on tiptoe.
text: to within a few feet of MacFarlane before
text: announcing himself.
speaker_heading: MacFarlane
text: Behind him
dialog: entry way
dialog: presence.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Doctor --
text: wheels around.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: What the devil is the matter with
dialog: you -- forever creeping about.
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Mr. Gray --
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: I don't wish to see Mr. Gray.
text: Gray, grinning, comes out from the darkness of the
text: and stands listening. The doctor is unaware of his
text: He turns back to his work.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: You tell him that there will be no
dialog: more business between us.
text: Gray grins even more broadly, then he clears his throat with
text: a rumbling couch. MacFarlane turns around.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: Oh -- well, Joseph, it seems I will
dialog: have the pleasure of speaking to
dialog: Mr. Gray myself. You can go.
text: Both men wait for Joseph to go into the alcove.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Now that wasn't a friendly thing I
dialog: heard, Toddy. Not at all friendly.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: That has nothing to do with it.
dialog: We've decided to do more lecturing
dialog: and less dissection -- it's better
dialog: for the students -- that's all
dialog: there is to it.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (starting to leave)
dialog: You know what you want and don't
dialog: want -- so that's an end of
dialog: business between us -- but we'll
dialog: still be friends, Toddy. I'll be
dialog: dropping by to see you and Meg once
dialog: in a while -- for auld lang syne,
dialog: you know.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: I suppose we can't prevent that,
dialog: Gray --
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: -- for auld lang syne.
text: Gray turns very humbly and goes to the door, then he turns
text: again and he is laughing.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: And do you think you're getting rid
dialog: of me, Toddy?
text: MacFarlane, who has turned back to his desk, whirls about,
text: but Gray has already disappeared into the darkness of the
text: entry way and from thence comes his loud crowing laughter.
text: The doctor's face clouds in anger. He turns back to his
text: desk. The street door can be heard closing.
scene_heading: EXT. MACFARLANE'S CLOSE -- DAY
text: Gray, still laughing, comes out on the sidewalk to find
text: Joseph waiting for him. Chuckling to himself, Gray starts
text: to cross to his cab. Joseph stops him.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: I would like to speak to you.
text: Gray looks at him.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I presume you shall. This won't be
dialog: my last visit here.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: I want to speak to you alone. I
dialog: saw something. I heard.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: What did you hear?
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: I know --
text: He looks off and sees Fettes coming down the alley. Fettes
text: is whistling to himself.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH (cont'd)
dialog: Maybe some other time --
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (beginning to laugh again)
dialog: Oh, you'll have ample opportunity --
dialog: ample --
dialog: (to Fettes)
dialog: Good morning, Dr. Fettes.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Good morning.
scene_heading: INT. ANATOMY ROOM -- DAY
text: The doctor turns as Fettes comes in.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: I just saw Gray. What was he
dialog: laughing at?
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
text: He has his own idea of a joke.
text: Perhaps his horse tickled him in
text: the ribs.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: I've just been to see Mrs. Marsh.
dialog: Georgina is doing splendidly. The
dialog: incision has healed -- clean and
text: fine -- but she doesn't seem to
dialog: have any desire to walk.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: When she's ready you bring her to
dialog: me -- I'll show her how.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Dr. MacFarlane, I wonder if you
dialog: know what happiness you've brought
dialog: those people.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: That's only our duty, Fettes --
dialog: that's the end at which we aim with
dialog: all this nasty business.
text: He makes a gesture to include the anatomy room.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: (very sincerely)
dialog: I suppose one must pass through
dialog: this purgatory to the heaven of
dialog: being a good doctor.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (turning to his desk)
dialog: That's the way of it, Fettes. You
dialog: bring the lassie to me.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. DR. MACFARLANE'S STUDY -- DAY
text: The doctor, Fettes, Mrs. Marsh and Georgina are all together.
text: Georgina is seated in her little wheelchair. The doctor
text: stands before her, looming above her, glowering with ill
text: concealed rage. Fettes kneels at the side of the wheelchair,
text: while Mrs. Marsh sits nervously perched on the sofa.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Don't you want to find the white
dialog: horse, Georgina? You can't find
dialog: him from a wheelchair. You have to
text: walk and run to find him.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (thundering)
dialog: You can't -- can't!
dialog: (to Fettes)
dialog: Stop trying to bribe her with
text: childishness about white horses.
dialog: Let the child stand and walk -- her
dialog: spine's all right. I know it's all
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: But she must want to stand. She
dialog: must want to walk.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (still in a towering rage)
dialog: Confound me, the child's a cripple,
dialog: of course she wants to walk.
dialog: (to Georgina)
dialog: Child, I say to you get up out of
dialog: that chair and walk.
text: Georgina bursts into tears. MacFarlane makes a disgusted
dialog: gesture.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: (trying to control
dialog: himself)
dialog: I ask you, child, to do a simple
dialog: thing -- raise yourself with your
text: hands to a standing posture -- then
dialog: step out with your left foot -- try
dialog: it.
text: Georgina shakes her head.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: I say, try it! Lift yourself up
dialog: now!
text: Georgina lifts herself up by her hands to a semistanding
dialog: posture.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: Good. Now step out.
text: The child stands still.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: Step out!
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: I can't! I can't! My legs won't
dialog: move.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (almost screaming)
dialog: Nonsense!
text: Mrs. Marsh rises from the sofa and comes to join them.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: I'm sorry, Doctor. Georgina's a
dialog: good child -- a brave child -- you
dialog: saw how she was during the
dialog: operation -- but if she can't move,
text: she can't move.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
text: But she must be able to move.
text: Everything is in place.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: She would if she could.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Then all my surgery is no good.
dialog: There's something wrong with the
dialog: child -- something I don't know --
dialog: something I can't define -- can't
dialog: diagnose.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I can do nothing for her.
text: When he finishes his speech there is a long, dead silence.
text: MacFarlane is the first to break it.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (cont'd)
dialog: You see Mrs. Marsh home, Fettes,
dialog: I'm going to Hobbs’. You can join
dialog: me there if you like.
text: Fettes nods. Picking up his hat MacFarlane starts from the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN
scene_heading: INT. HOBBS' PUBLIC HOUSE - NIGHT
text: It is quite late and there are only a few patrons in the
text: public house. At the bar, with his hat on his head and his
text: whip in one hand, Gray sits on a stool drinking some hot
text: liquid from a pewter tankard. The drawing-waiter is leaning
text: on the bar talking to him.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (setting down the mug)
dialog: Well, I'll be off -- unless you
dialog: have a fare for me here -- some
text: gentleman a little taken with wine.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Wait a bit and MacFarlane will
dialog: be wanting to be freighted home.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: The Doctor MacFarlane?
speaker_heading: WAITER
text: Aye. In the other room and
text: getting stiffer than the bodies he
dialog: demonstrates.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I'll look in on him.
text: Gray slouches across the room to the divan. He peers in.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- MacFarlane in the divan FROM GRAY'S ANGLE.
text: There is a squat bottle before him and two small glasses. He
text: is hunched over. His hair is rumpled. He is brooding. From
text: the entrance of the divan, Gray speaks to him.
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D
dialog: Toddy --
text: MacFarlane looks up.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (with drunken
dialog: friendliness)
dialog: Oh, it's you, Gray. Well, come in.
dialog: Sit down. Have a glass with me.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (removing his hat and
dialog: sitting down)
dialog: You're uncommon friendly tonight,
dialog: Toddy. More like the old days.
text: MacFarlane drunkenly nods his head.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: I want someone to talk to. That
dialog: Fettes -- all taken up with the
dialog: widow. He never came back here.
text: He looks up at Gray.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (CONT'D
dialog: You know something about the human
dialog: body, Gray.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I've had some experience.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Then you can understand that the
dialog: backbone is a lot of little
dialog: blocks and those little blocks are
text: all held together, so that it works
dialog: like that whip of yours. You know
dialog: that, don't you?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I've never had it all explained
dialog: that way to me by so learned a man.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (disregarding the sarcasm)
dialog: I set those blocks together,
dialog: patched the muscles. I put the
dialog: nerves where they should be -- I
dialog: did it and I did it right -- and
dialog: she won't walk --
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (beginning to understand)
dialog: Oh, it's the bit of a girl Fettes
dialog: was talking about.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
text: (thumping his hand on the
dialog: table)
dialog: The same. Look here, Gray --
text: He picks up two glasses.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (CONT'D)
dialog: I fitted them together like this --
text: (he puts the two glasses
dialog: together)
dialog: -- so that it was right. Yet she
dialog: won't walk.
text: Gray looks at him. He is grinning his malicious grin. With a
text: sudden sweep of his hand across the table he knocks down the
dialog: glasses.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: You can't build life like you put
text: together blocks, Toddy.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: What are you talking about? I am an
dialog: anatomist. I know the body. I know
dialog: how it works.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: And you're a fool, Toddy -- and no
dialog: doctor. It's only the dead ones
dialog: that you know.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: I am a doctor. I teach medicine.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Like Knox taught you? Like I taught
dialog: you? In cellars and graveyards? Did
dialog: Knox teach you what makes the blood
dialog: flow?
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
text: The heart pumps it.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Did he tell you how thoughts come
dialog: and how they go and why things are
dialog: remembered and forgot?
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: The nerve centers -- the brain --
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: But what makes a thought start?
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (fuzzily)
dialog: In the brain, I tell you. I know.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: You don't know and you'll never
dialog: know or understand, Toddy. Not from
dialog: me or from Knox would you learn
dialog: those things. Look --
text: He points to a mirror behind MacFarlane's head. MacFarlane
text: looks into it.
text: MIRROR SHOT showing MacFarlane looking at his own face and
text: the evil face of Gray just behind him.
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D
dialog: Look at yourself, Toddy, could you
dialog: be a doctor -- a healing man --
dialog: with the things those eyes have
dialog: seen? There's a lot of knowledge in
dialog: those eyes, but there's no
dialog: understanding. You'd not get that
dialog: from me.
text: MacFarlane whirls around.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE - MacFarlane facing Gray.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: I am a doctor - a good doctor. I
dialog: could make her walk, but she won't
dialog: - she won't --
speaker_heading: GRAY
text: (almost kindly, as he
dialog: pours a drink)
dialog: Here, have another glass,
dialog: MacFarlane. I'll take you home and
dialog: we'll be friends again -- now that
dialog: you know that you're Knox's man and
dialog: my friend -- aye, forever.
text: MacFarlane swallows the drink at a single draught.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: I'm my own man and I'll have no
dialog: more to do with you, Gray.
text: Gray lifts his eyebrows quizzically.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (CONT'D
dialog: Why should I be afraid of you? What
dialog: are you holding over me?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I'll tell you what, Toddy. It's
dialog: because I ran down the streets with
dialog: the mud and the stones around my
dialog: ears and the mob yelling for my
dialog: blood. It's because you were afraid
dialog: to face it -- and you're still
dialog: afraid.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: No, I'm not afraid. Tell!
dialog: Shout it from the housetops!
dialog: (dropping his voice)
dialog: And remember this -- they
dialog: hanged Burke -- they mobbed
text: Hare -- but Dr. Knox is living
text: like a gentleman in London.
text: MacFarlane rises drunkenly to his feet, There is a threat of
text: physical violence in his manner.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (somewhat placatingly; for
dialog: the first time not
dialog: completely master of the
dialog: situation)
dialog: Aye, Toddy, there is something
dialog: in what you say.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: There is much in what I say, Gray,
dialog: and if you have any regard for your
dialog: neck you'll leave now and stay away
dialog: from my house, my school, and from
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I have no wish for a rope cravat.
dialog: I've never liked the smell of hemp,
dialog: so I'll bid you good night, Doctor
dialog: MacFarlane.
text: Gray picks up his hat and starts off out of scene. MacFarlane
text: slumps back into his seat. His hand reaches out for the
text: whiskey bottle. He starts to pour another drink.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. GRAY'S STABLE - NIGHT
text: By the light of a single lantern, Gray is unharnessing his
text: horse. He leads it out from between the shafts and into its
text: stall. There is a furtive sound before him as the door to the
text: street slowly moves open. He wheels quickly as a slight,
text: hunched figure sidles through the door. Gray waits until the
text: figure walks into the range of the lamp and is revealed as
text: Joseph. Then he speaks.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Ah -- Dr. MacFarlane's man -- A
dialog: surprise visit, but come in -- come
dialog: in.
text: He steps aside, and Joseph slowly moves over toward the
text: stairway, looking around him.
text: MED. SHOT as Gray leads Joseph into the living quarters and
text: looks curiously at Joseph, who returns the look with a sort
text: of determined belligerence.
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: You're welcome to my little
dialog: nest, Joseph -- is it not? That's
dialog: xight -- you have something to say
dialog: to me -- something very private.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Now that is very interesting --
dialog: (with a gesture)
dialog: Take a chair, Joseph,
text: Joseph seats himself and Gray sits down opposite him. No
text: sooner has he seated himself than the big white cat, his pet,
text: comes and jumps upon his knee. Gray strokes it fondly.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Can anyone hear what we say?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (indicating the cat)
dialog: Only Brother.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: (bending toward him)
dialog: I know that you kill people to sell
text: bodies.
text: Gray sits motionless except that the hand which rests upon
text: the arm of his chair slowly tenses and that other hand which
text: strokes the cat, stops at the cat's head. For a long moment
text: he is silent, then he speaks very softly.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: You say you've come here on your
dialog: own account? No one knows you are
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Give me money or I'll tell the
dialog: police you murder the "subjects."
text: Again there is a silence as Gray studies him. By now, Gray's
text: right hand relaxes. His left hand begins to stroke the cat.
text: Finally, he smiles.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Well, you shall have money, Joseph.
dialog: Why should you not?
text: Still smiling, he very carefully takes the cat from his lap,
text: sits it on the floor and rises. Joseph follows him with his
text: eyes.
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: (crossing to the taboret
dialog: for a bottle and two
dialog: glasses)
dialog: I don't suppose the great Dr.
dialog: MacFarlane is too free with his
dialog: pay, is he?
text: He has come back with the bottle and filled a glass with
text: brandy for each. He passes a glass into Joseph's hands.
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D
dialog: Here -- have some of this.
text: They both drink. Immediately, Gray refills Joseph's glass.
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D
dialog: (as he pours)
dialog: You want money and you shall have
dialog: it.
text: He pulls a purse from his pocket and begins to count out
dialog: notes and coins.
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Let me see -- five and five -- then
dialog: in gold -- six all together. Shall
dialog: we say sixteen pounds, Joseph?
text: Joseph, with the glass still at his lips, nods his head. Gray
text: looks about as if seeking a point of vantage; then carefully
text: sets himself in a straight-backed chair, facing and a little
text: to the side of Joseph's chair. Joseph is in a low-cushioned
text: chair. Gray, being above him, almost seems to hover over him.
text: Gray leans forward to give him the money.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: I have made you give me money, but
dialog: you smile. Aren't you angry?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: No, Joseph. I'm not angry -- here --
dialog: another glass of brandy --I'll
dialog: wager it's better than the
dialog: doctor's.
text: This time Gray fills Joseph's glass and drabbles a few drops
text: into his own, but doesn't bother to pick it up.
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D
dialog: Drink up, man!
text: The liquor has begun to affect Joseph. He takes the third
text: glass eagerly and drains it while Gray watches him in
text: silence. As he puts the glass down, Gray begins to speak.
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D
dialog: I have an idea -- a splendid idea --
dialog: such an excellent idea that we must
dialog: drink on it.
text: He fills the fourth glass. Joseph takes it but does not
text: drink, as he is interested to hear Gray's proposition,
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D
dialog: You see -- I admire you, Joseph.
dialog: Coming here shows courage. I'm
dialog: looking for such a man -- but --
dialog: drink, Joseph, drink..
text: Joseph drinks. Again Gray keeps silent while he swallows the
text: liquor. As Joseph puts down the glass, Gray hitches his chair
text: forward an inch or two. Again he refills the glass; puts it
text: into Joseph's unsteady hand.
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D
dialog: You and I should work together.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: You mean we would sell the bodies
dialog: to the doctors together? Dig them
dialog: up?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: No digging Joseph. The churchyards
dialog: are too well guarded. We will
dialog: "Burke" them,
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Burke them?
speaker_heading: GRAY
text: He begins
dialog: You are lately come to Scotland,
dialog: Joseph?
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: I come from Lisbon.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: But still you may have heard the
text: peddlers of verse cry out their
text: names on the streets.
text: to sing in a rough croaking voice.
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D
dialog: “The ruffian dogs, the Hellish
text: pair. The villain Burke, the
dialog: meager Hare --"
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: I never heard that song. But what
dialog: did they do?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Eighteen persons they killed and
dialog: sold the bodies to Dr. Knox at ten
dialog: pounds for a large and eight pounds
dialog: for a small. That's good business,
dialog: Joseph.
text: Joseph nods appreciatively, then looks concerned.
dialog: He mimics,
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: But where did they get those
dialog: people?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: That was Hare's end. Ah, you should
dialog: have seen him on the streets, when
text: he saw some old beldam deep in
dialog: drink how he cozened her!
text: tipping an imaginary hat.
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D
dialog: "RA good-day to you Madame Tosspot,
dialog: and would you like a little glass
dialog: of something before you take your
dialog: rest? Come with me to my house and
dialog: I'll make you my guest. You shall
dialog: have quarts to drink if you like."
dialog: (appreciatively)
dialog: Ah, how he cozened them.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: We could do that. But when he had
dialog: them there, then what?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (beginning to sing again)
dialog: “Nor did they handle axe or knife
dialog: To take away their victim's life --
text: No sooner done than in a chest
dialog: They crammed their lately welcome
dialog: guest."
text: Gray rubs his hands together.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: I don't understand the song. Tell
dialog: me plain how they did it.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (rising)
dialog: I'll show you how it was done,
dialog: -- I'll show you how they
dialog: them.
dialog: 
text: He reaches out for Joseph's face. Joseph interposes his arm.
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: No, put your hand down. How can I
dialog: show you, man!
text: Joseph lets his hand swing to his lap. Gray clasps Joseph's
text: nose between thumb and forefinger, cupping Joseph's chin hard
text: against the heel of his palm.
text: CLOSE SHOT - Joseph with Gray's hand holding his nose and
dialog: mouth.
speaker_heading: GRAY'S VOICE
dialog: This is how they did it, Joseph.
text: Suddenly his hand tenses. Joseph's eyes dilate with terror
text: and his head jerks to one side violently as he attempts to
text: tear his face from the grasp of Gray's hand.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT - Gray steadily clutching Joseph's face. He
text: throws himself upon the other man and the chair slowly goes
text: backward. ANOTHER ANGLE. The two men are on the floor. Gray
text: is lying across the body of his victim, his hand still
text: clutching Joseph's nose and mouth. Joseph struggles
text: convulsively, throwing his arms and legs about, trying to get
text: at Gray's body which lies athwart him. With his free hand
text: Gray pins down Joseph's right hand. The man is helpless. The
text: violence of his movements grows less and less. For a moment
text: he is still; then he struggles again.
text: CLOSE SHOT - Joseph. He is making a final desperate effort
text: to pull away from Gray's hand, then his face muscles relax.
text: His eye's close.
text: CLOSE FULL SHOT - Gray and Joseph. Gray looks down at his
text: victim. Joseph is at last unconscious. Gray gets to a
text: kneeling posture, but still keeps his hand on Joseph's nose
dialog: and mouth.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE. The cat walks up and rubs itself against
text: Gray's left arm. He lets go of Joseph's hand and pats the
text: cat, still keeping his grip on Joseph's mouth and nose.
text: CLOSE SHOT - Gray as he examines Joseph. Evidently, Joseph is
text: dead enough to suit him and he lets go his grip.
text: FULL SHOT as Gray gets to his feet. He crosses the room to a
text: cupboard, opens it and takes out a square of folded canvas.
text: He starts back toward Joseph and stops on the way to pick up
text: Joseph's glass from the taboret. He drinks the remainder of
text: the liquor in it. Gray kneels down beside Joseph and begins
text: to wrap the canvas about the body. Suddenly, a thought
text: strikes him, and he puts his hand in Joseph's coat pocket. He
text: fishes out the money he had given him. He begins wrapping the
text: canvas around the body again.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. ANATOMY SCHOOL - NIGHT
text: FULL SHOT. The School is in darkness -- except for thin
text: moonlight which filters through the shutters, making strange
text: pattern with the shadows. There is no sound until, abruptly,
text: a key turns in the lock of the outside door. It opens and
text: through it comes the figure of Gray in his stove-pipe hat and
text: caped coat. Over his shoulder he carries a long, limp and
text: apparently heavy bundle wrapped in sacking. Cautiously,
text: without a sound he carries his grim burden toward the
text: curtained recess.
text: MED. SHOT at recess. Gray comes into shot. He pushes his way
text: through the curtain, which falls back into place, hiding him
text: from view. Sounds come from behind the curtain; bumping,
text: shuffling sounds. Then Gray's hand appears momentarily as it
text: throws out a bundle of sacking. After a grunt of effort
text: comes a heavy splash as something is dropped into the big vat
dialog: o.s.
text: FULL SHOT - Gray as he comes from the recess and starts
text: across the anatomy room. When he reaches the stairs he pauses
text: a moment, and then, instead of going toward the door, turns
text: and starts up the stairs.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN
scene_heading: INT. MACFARLANE'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: A single lamp is burning. Meg, in negligee and mob cap, sits
text: in an arm chair busily knitting. Opposite her, in a low chair
text: sits Gray, his whip in his hand and his hat on the back of
text: his head. He is lounging in the chair and he has a glass of
text: ale on the floor beside him. He drinks from it and puts it
text: back on the floor. Meg looks up.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: You've no need to be so anxious,
text: Meg, MacFarlane's been drunk and
dialog: away before. He'll be home in good
dialog: time. Meanwhile, you've got me to
dialog: keep you company.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: I'd call that no good fortune.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: There was a time, lassie -- a time
dialog: when I used to bring the dashing
dialog: young doctor to your door -- when
dialog: you didn't feel so uncommon cold to
dialog: your old friend Gray.
dialog: Why must
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: you be on him all the
dialog: time? Why does it please you?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: He's my friend. I like to see my
dialog: friends -- I like to visit them --
text: There is the sound of the front door opening. Both look up.
text: Heavy dragging footsteps sound in the hall.
dialog: Well, he!
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: s come home -- you've no
dialog: excuse now to bear me company.
text: Gray makes no move
text: in the doorway. He
dialog: What are
dialog: told you
text: to get out of his chair. MacFarlane stands
text: sees Gray.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: you going here? Have I not
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Would you grudge me a glass with my
dialog: old crony, Meg?
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Crony indeed!
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: You can get out.
text: Gray rises leisurely..
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I brought you something tonight,
dialog: MacFarlane -- an interesting
text: specimen -- in very good condition.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: I've ordered nothing from you.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: This is a gift.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: I take no gifts from you.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: This is a gift you'll not return.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Get out of here!
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Wait, Toddy. That's not hospitable.
dialog: I want to discuss business.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: You are not to set foot in here
dialog: again, Gray, for business or any
dialog: other reason. And you're going out
dialog: now!
text: He seizes Gray by the shoulder. Gray merely looks at him.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: I wouldn't do it, Toddy. I wouldn't
dialog: be rough handed.
text: MacFarlane, somewhat taken aback by the calm and effrontery
text: of the man, lets go of him.
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: If you were to throw me out, it
dialog: might become known that when the
dialog: great Dr. MacFarlane finds his
dialog: anatomy school without "subjects" --
dialog: he provides them himself and from
dialog: the midst of his own household ---
text: ANGLE - THREE SHOT - Gray's manner, fully as much as his
text: ambiguous speech, has put an end to all thought of violence.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: What the devil are you talking
dialog: about?
text: Gray rises slowly.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Take a look downstairs. Toddy. Take
text: a look.
text: He turns and walks quietly out of the room. MacFarlane
text: stares after him; than slowly a thought comes to him.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Fettes -- where is Fettes?
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: I'll get him.
text: She leaves quickly. When she has left, MacFarlane passes his
text: hand over his eyes, trying to clear his whiskey-muddled
text: brain; then he turns and starts for the door of the anatomy
dialog: room,
scene_heading: INT. ANATOMY ROOM -- NIGHT
text: The school is dark and empty; only moonlight enters from the
text: windows. The night light is out. MacFarlane comes slowly down
text: the stairs. As he reaches the foot of the steps, Fettes, in
text: his bathrobe, comes to the head of the stairs, bearing a
text: candle. MacFarlane turns to look at him.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Fettes, were you down here when
dialog: Gray came?
text: Fettes shakes his head. MacFarlane starts for the alcove,
text: and Fettes follows him. MacFarlane pulls the curtain aside.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (CONT'D)
dialog: Bring that candle over here.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT - in the recess. It is very dark. The curtain
text: is drawn back, and MacFarlane appears. The scene is suddenly
text: illuminated as Fettes follows him, carrying the candle. The
text: great vat is clearly visible as both men peer down into it.
text: CLOSE SHOT - the vat, SHOOTING DOWNWARD. Something is
text: floating just beneath the liquid which comes nearly to the
text: top of the vet. Light from the candle o.s, comes over the
text: scene, and the thing below the surface is revealed as the
text: dead face of Joseph.
text: TWO SHOT - MacFarlane, as he takes the candle from Fettes'
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (CONT'D)
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: -- a member of his household --
text: MacFarlane turns to Fettes.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (CONT'D)
dialog: Fettes, the more things are wrong,
dialog: the more we must act as if
dialog: everything were right. You must do
dialog: with Joseph as you did with, the
dialog: street singer -- complete
dialog: dissection -- a proper entry in the
dialog: book --
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: What do you mean, Fettes?
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: I'll have no more to do with it.
dialog: I'll not put my neck into the
dialog: noose, not even for your sake, Dr.
dialog: MacFarlane.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Don't be a fool. One can't begin
dialog: and then stop -- and because that
dialog: entry of the girl's body is in your
dialog: hand, you'll do as I say. As for
dialog: me, I'll tend to Gray.
text: MacFarlane turns and starts for the main portion of the
text: anatomy room. At the curtain he stops, Meg is standing
text: there, her eyes wide as she looks at the body of Joseph.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: You're not going to Gray.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: He must leave me alone.
text: He starts past her. She seizes hold of his arm, crying out.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: No! No!
text: With a swoop of his arm he frees himself. Meg almost falls.
text: She strikes against the wall, but recovers herself and starts
text: after MacFarlane, but it is already too late. He is in the
text: entryway, and a moment later there is the slam of the door.
text: Meg stands trembling. Fettes comes up to her and takes her
text: elbow to support her.
speaker_heading: MEG (CONT'D)
dialog: Come, Mistress Cameron -- this is
dialog: no place for you. I'll help you
dialog: upstairs.
text: She lets him lead her to the stairway. CLOSE TWO SHOT -- on
text: the stairway as Meg and Fettes start to ascend. Fettes is
text: helping Meg. Suddenly she stops dead and stares into his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: MEG (CONT'D)
dialog: She makes
dialog: You must leave this house.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: I can't do that -- you heard
dialog: MacFarlane.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Save yourself. Master Fettes look
dialog: at MacFarlane and be warned.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: He's a great doctor -
dialog: 
dialog: a great man --
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Is it a great man whom Gray can
dialog: order to his bidding? Is it a great
dialog: man who for very shame dare not
dialog: acknowledge his own wife so that I
dialog: must play maidservant for the
dialog: world's sake and his success?
text: a contemptuous gesture and goes on.
speaker_heading: MEG (CONT'D)
dialog: He could have been a great man -- a
dialog: good man and a fine doctor, but
dialog: there was always the shame of the
dialog: old life and the old ways to hold
dialog: him back -- and always Gray -- Gray
text: to hound him to his death.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: You're over-excited, Mistress
dialog: Cameron.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: I'm cold as ice.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: But Gray's only a cab driver -- a
text: Resurrection Man who robs graves to
dialog: make a bit of money now and again.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: If he were only that. The man's
dialog: evil himself. Some day you'll know
text: him as MacFarlane knows him -- for
dialog: MacFarlane he was to Knox as you
dialog: are to him. That brought him close
text: to Gray, he roistered with him and
dialog: drank with him. Aye, and Gray even
dialog: brought him to my door and my love.
dialog: There is all that between them and
dialog: more -- Burke and Hare and Knox -
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: But that's long since. Gray can't
dialog: threaten him with that.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Gray has no need to threaten. You
dialog: remember the trial?
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: I heard my parents speak of it in
dialog: Thrums. It was a famous case.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: And did you hear them speak of the
dialog: porter who testified against Burke?
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Aye.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: They did not tell you how that
text: porter cried out in the witness box
dialog: when the Kings Counselor pressed
text: him hard -- how he cried out that
text: he was shielding a gentleman of
dialog: consequence.
text: Fettes shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MEG (CONT'D)
dialog: That porter was Gray and the
dialog: gentleman of consequence who
dialog: couldn't swallow the shame of
dialog: it -- who took my last paltry
dialog: savings to hire Gray --
speaker_heading: FETTES
speaker_heading: MacFarlane
text: They stand for a moment looking at each other then she turns
text: wildly toward Fettes and seizes his coat lapels.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: Listen to me, Fettes, I'm one
dialog: part befuddled with drink, one part
text: over-heels in love with MacFarlane,
dialog: and one part fey. You're a
dialog: lowlander, Fettes, and you have no
dialog: way of knowing what we Highlanders
dialog: call the second sight.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: I've heard of it.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: It's a gift to my people -- and I
dialog: see MacFarlane and Gray-- the pit
text: yawns for them and the flames --
dialog: and I would have you away from them
dialog: and safe out of the torment.--
text: The two stand facing each other, Meg crushing the boy's coat
text: lapels in her hands.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. GRAY'S LIVING QUARTERS - NIGHT
text: It is very dark as Gray opens the door. For a moment his
text: distinctive silhouette is in the doorway. Then he closes the
text: door behind him and the room is again plunged into darkness
text: except for a glow from the embers in the hearth. Gray crosses
text: to the hearth. He takes a spill from the mantle, blows on the
text: coals and lights the spill. Its flaring light reveals
text: MacFarlane standing watching him. After a first momentary
text: check of surprise, Gray, without a word, transfers the flame
text: from the spill to a candle. He blows out the spill and sets
text: it back on the mantle.
text: MED. SHOT with Gray in the f.g. and MacFarlane coming toward
text: him. Gray has recovered his composure.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (very softly)
dialog: This is unexpected, Toddy.
text: MacFarlane comes to a halt facing Gray. The CAMERA BEGINS TO
text: CHEAT IN ON the pair.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (toneless)
dialog: I wanted to see you. You weren't
dialog: here -- so I waited.
text: The two men survey each other in absolute silence. From o.s.
text: near at hand, the cat mews.
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK TO SLIGHTLY WIDER ANGLE as Gray turns
text: away, seating himself upon the arm of a chair. The cat comes
text: into the shot and jumps up beside him.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE.
dialog: (drawing closer)
dialog: What do you want of me. Gray?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Want of you, Toddy? I want nothing
dialog: of you.
text: TWO SHOT - Gray and MacFarlane. MacFarlane is tense,
text: motionless. He stares down at Gray who sits at his ease
text: stroking the cat, now purring on his knee.
text: MacFarlane makes an obvious effort to control himself, to
text: speak calmly.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Gray, I must rid myself of you --
dialog: you've become a cancer -- a
dialog: malignant, evil cancer -- rotting
dialog: my mind.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (pouring a drink
dialog: for MacFarlane)
dialog: So, Toddy, you've made me a
dialog: disease, eh?
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (disregarding this
dialog: sarcasm, but taking the
dialog: proffered glass)
dialog: I can't understand your hurt to
dialog: me -- but I must cut you out.
text: He drinks, sets down the glass. Gray watches him, gets up
text: from his chair and stands before him.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (CONT'D
dialog: I will not leave here until I have
dialog: finished with you. Gray. One way or
dialog: another -- I must be sure that I am
dialog: rid of you.
text: He pauses and looks at Gray.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (CONT'D
dialog: And if there is no other way --
text: Gray looks at MacFarlane, big and bulky in the small chair.
text: He moves nervously.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Surely you are not threatening an
dialog: old friend, Toddy.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: We have never been friends.
text: Gray moves over to the chair on which he sat when he "Burked"
text: Joseph. He bends forward over the taboret and refills the
text: doctor's glass.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Have another glass of something
dialog: good, Today.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: I've drunk enough tonight.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: (putting the glass down on
dialog: the taboret)
dialog: Another little drop'll never do you
dialog: any harm.
text: Almost as if unconscious of his action, MacFarlane picks up
text: the glass, sips, then drinks. Gray smiles. MacFarlane sets
text: down the glass. Gray immediately refills it. And again
text: MacFarlane reaches for it, takes it into his hand.
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Drink --
text: MacFarlane, without thought, brings the glass to his lips.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: You're getting old, Gray, and it's
text: a hard life driving a cab through
text: these wet and windy streets of
dialog: Edinburgh --
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: I have other means of sustenance.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: The Resurrection business? That may
dialog: end sooner than you think. New laws
dialog: may come.
text: Gray shrugs.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (CONT'D)
dialog: What I was going to say is this --
dialog: wouldn't you be more comfortable at
dialog: Leith in a neat little house?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Would you bribe me to leave you be?
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: I would make you rich.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: It wouldn't be half so much fun for
dialog: me. Toddy, as to have you come here
dialog: and beg --
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (cutting in)
dialog: Beg -- beg of you! You crawling
dialog: graveyard rat!
text: He chokes off the last speech and glares at Gray. He is
text: almost trembling with the effort to control himself.
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Aye -- that is my pleasure.
text: As he speaks he is refilling MacFarlane's glass.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Well then -- I beg you -- I beseech
dialog: you --
speaker_heading: GRAY
text: (shaking, his head and
dialog: grinning)
dialog: But then I wouldn't have the fun of
dialog: having you come here and beg again,
dialog: Toddy.
text: They look at each other. MacFarlane bends over in his chair.
text: Gray hitches himself forward a little on the table, ready,
text: waiting, then relaxes as MacFarlane begins to speak.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: But why, Gray? Why?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: Because it would be a hurt to me to
dialog: see you no more, Toddy. You're a
dialog: pleasure to me.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: A pleasure to torment me?
speaker_heading: GRAY
dialog: No -- a pride to know that I can
dialog: force you to my will. I'ma small
dialog: man -- a humble man -- and being
dialog: poor, I've had to do much that I
dialog: did not want to do. But so long as
text: the great Dr. MacFarlane jumps at
dialog: my whistle, that long am I a man --
dialog: and if I have not that, I have
dialog: nothing. Then I am only a cabman
text: and a grave-robber.
text: MacFarlane looks at him. As he looks, he realizes he has
dialog: heard the truth and that Gray will never leave him in peace.
text: Now he, in turn, attempts cunning. He moves forward in his
text: chair as if wishing to put forth a convincing argument.
text: MacFarlane starts to rise; his mind made up. Gray sees there
text: is no longer any hope of forestalling violence. He throws
text: himself forward and seizes him as he seized Joseph.
text: MED. FULL SHOT - MacFarlane and Gray. As MacFarlane rises
text: Gray clings to him and gets his other arm about MacFarlane's
text: neck. MacFarlane tries to shake him off; tries to twist away
text: from him. The effort makes him lose his footing. They fall
dialog: together.
text: CLOSE SHOT - MacFarlane and Gray on the floor near the
text: hearth. Gray still clings to him, every muscle tense.
text: MacFarlane, with his hands under Gray's shoulders, heaves up
text: trying to push the man off. He heaves once, twice, a third
text: time and then lets his arms relax from the futile, enormous
dialog: effort.
scene_heading: TWO HEAD CLOSEUP - Gray and MacFarlane.
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Let be, Toddy. Let be. I have no
dialog: wish to hurt you.
text: MacFarlane's eyes grow huge and fierce with anger. Now he
text: tries to pummel Gray in order to free himself; raining blows
text: on his back, his head and into his side, Gray grunts with
text: each punishing blow, but never for a moment relaxes his grip.
text: Finally the piston-like blows grow weaker, the flailing arms
text: fail and MacFarlane drops his hands to the floor at his side,
text: limp and relaxed.
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- MacFarlane and Gray as MacFarlane, with
text: great effort, throws his body to the left, toward the
text: fireplace. The boiling kettle is upset and the steaming
text: water thrown on both of them.
text: CLOSE SHOT -- MacFarlane in agony as the water spurts over
dialog: him,
text: CLOSE SHOT -- Gray. His face is twisted in torment and steam
text: rises from his scalded flesh.
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Stay, Toddy -- don't force me to
dialog: kill you -- I have need of you --
dialog: the great need of my pride.
text: TWO SHOT -- Gray and MacFarlane. MacFarlane's arms again
text: relax. Gray smiles through the pain of his scalding.
speaker_heading: GRAY (CONT'D)
dialog: That's better Toddy. That's more
dialog: reasonable,
text: He lets go his grip on MacFarlane's face. No sooner has he
text: done so than MacFarlane throws him off with a violent
text: movement. Both men scramble to their feet and face each
dialog: other.
text: THE CAMERA SWINGS AWAY FROM the two men and FOCUSES ON the
text: wall above a lowboy on which the white cat is sitting. The
text: cat's great, round eyes seem to be surveying the struggle
text: while above its head the shadows of the two men can be seen
text: meeting, struggling, breaking off, rushing together again,
text: and all the while there can be heard the sound of blows,
text: hoarse breathing, gasps and hard ejaculations of breath. Then
text: one indistinguishable figure picks up a chair. The chair
text: breaks with a crash over the head of the other figure and
text: that figure falls out of scene. Only one upright shadow
text: remains above the head of the cat. That shadow picks up a
text: cloak and top hat, puts them on and bends to pick up a body.
text: The shadow of one man carrying the body of the other comes
text: toward the cat, the shadow growing huge and out-figure on the
text: wall. The cat's fur bristles. It arches its back and snarls.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. ANATOMY SCHOOL - NIGHT
text: Only the night light is burning over the door at the entry
text: way. The school is lit by its swinging light.
text: Out in the street can be heard the familiar clop-clop of
text: Gray's horse and the ringing of the iron wheels on the
dialog: roadway.
text: The CAMERA on DOLLY TRACK MOVES SLOWLY TOWARD the entry door.
text: The outer door can be heard opening. There is rustle and
text: noise in the dark entryway. By this time the CAMERA is
text: CLOSEUP on the door as MacFarlane with a canvas-wrapped
text: bundle on his shoulder comes through the doorway, and goes to
text: a FULL CLOSEUP of his face. He starts forward.
text: MED. FULL SHOT - MacFarlane as he throws the body down onto
text: the table. He stands there for a moment looking down at it,
text: then the noise of a door opening on the stair landing causes
text: him to turn and look up.
text: MED. FULL SHOT - the stairway. Meg is seen at the head of
text: the stairs, looking down.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE - MacFarlane is seen from Meg's viewpoint.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Where is Fettes?
text: MED. FULL SHOT - the stairway as Meg begins to descend.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: He's gone. I sent him away. I'll
text: not see another boy harried
text: and torn and made miserable like
dialog: you, Toddy.
text: MacFarlane looks at her as she descends the stairs. There is
text: silence as she crosses the room. She comes to stand beside
dialog: the table.
speaker_heading: MEG (CONT'D)
dialog: (pointing to the bundle)
dialog: You've been with Gray again.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Aye.
text: Meg turns away as if to start for the stairs. He stops her.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (CONT'D)
dialog: You'd better look at the face.
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (CONT'D)
dialog: You'd, better.
text: Meg resolutely walks up to the table, lifts the canvas and
text: looks down at the face.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm rid of him forever.
text: Meg looks at him.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (CONT'D)
dialog: He'll not come here again --
text: sneaking and whining and bullying.
text: Meg is still silent.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (CONT'D)
dialog: Now he'll serve a good purpose --
dialog: and tomorrow when the last bit of
text: him is dissected, demonstrated and
text: detailed in the students’
text: notebooks, then at last there's an
dialog: end to him.
text: Meg still looks at him silently and thoughtfully, then with a
text: slight shake of her head she starts away.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (CONT'D)
dialog: (rubbing his hands
dialog: together)
dialog: Next day I'll take his horse and
text: cab to sell at the Pennycuick fair.
dialog: (pauses; then makes an
dialog: expansive movement with
dialog: his hands)
dialog: Then not a trace left -- rid of him
dialog: forever.
text: At the foot of the stairs, Meg turns to him.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: You're not rid of him.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. THE RAMPARTS -- DAY
text: A little boy rolling a hoop goes past the camera. Behind him
text: come running a little convoy of children, laughing and
text: shouting. When they have passed the camera, Fettes enters the
text: scene. He is dejected. His hands are in his pockets and his
text: head is down as he walks toward Georgina and her mother.
text: Georgina is in her wheelchair. Her head is turned as she
text: watches the children run out of sight.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Good morning, Mrs. Marsh.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: Good morning, Mr. Fettes.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: I thought this was a school day.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: I am not at the school anymore.
dialog: I left last night.
text: Mrs. Marsh looks at him.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: Left Dr. MacFarlane?
text: Fettes nods. Mrs. Marsh looks at him and then takes his
dialog: elbow.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Georgina)
dialog: Play by yourself a little. I'd
dialog: like' to speak to Mr. Fettes.
text: DOLLY SHOT - as Fettes and Mrs. Marsh walk slowly away from
dialog: Georgina.
speaker_heading: MRS. HARSH
dialog: This is serious, Donald. What has
dialog: happened?
text: Fettes shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: It's not because of Georgina --
dialog: because of Dr. MacFarlane's
dialog: failure?
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: It's not the failure. I feel that
dialog: MacFarlane has taught me nothing.
dialog: He taught me the mathematics of
dialog: anatomy but he couldn't teach me
dialog: the poetry of medicine.
text: MED. FULL SHOT -- Georgina. She is playing with her doll.
text: Suddenly, from far below her she hears the clop-clop of a
text: horse's hoofs and the rumble of iron wheels. She looks up and
dialog: listens.
text: MED. FULL SHOT - Fettes and Mrs. Marsh.
speaker_heading: FETTES (CONT'D)
dialog: That's why I don't want to go on. I
dialog: feel MacFarlane had me on the wrong
dialog: road --a road that led to knowledge
dialog: but not to healing. If there had
dialog: been any healing in the man,
dialog: Georgina would be walking now.
text: SHOT - Georgina. She is listening intently. The hoof beats
text: are right underneath her at the base of the castle wall. She
text: tries to look over the parapet; cannot. She calls out.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: Mommie! Mommie!
text: FULL SHOT - Mrs. Marsh and Fettes. They are talking intently
text: together. Mrs. Marsh is holding her parasol in such a way
text: that it is between her and Georgina. Georgina's call comes
text: very faintly over their conversation. Neither of then turns
text: toward the child.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: I think it was the pain of the
dialog: operation more than anything else --
dialog: she's afraid that if she stands the
dialog: pain will come again. Nothing Dr.
dialog: MacFarlane could ever do would take
dialog: that out of her mind.
text: CLOSE SHOT - Georgina. The hoof beats are beginning to
text: recede. There is a slight wind blowing. She turns around to
text: look at her mother and calls again.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: Mommie! Mommie!
text: There is no answer. She turns her head back toward the
text: battlements; tries to peer over them and fails. Then, placing
text: a hand on each arm of her little chair, she lifts herself to
text: a sort of standing-sitting position. She tries to look over
text: the wall again. Again she fails. She turns to call to her
dialog: mother.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Mommie -- the white horse --
dialog: I'm sure it's the white horse --
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT - Fettes and Mrs. Marsh.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Even so, I could never think of
dialog: going on -- I've got to find some
dialog: other profession.
speaker_heading: MRS. MARSH
dialog: It is a pity.
text: SHOT - Georgina. She has gotten herself to the same semi
text: erect position she had been before and now in her desperate
text: effort to see over the battlement, she suddenly straightens
text: her knees; her hands lift off the arms of the chair. Without
text: knowing it, she is standing. She tries again to look over the
text: wall and again the height and distance is too much for her.
text: Completely unconscious of what she is doing, she takes a
text: forward step and from this vantage point she can look over
text: the wall. She turns back with disappointment on her face. She
text: calls to her mother.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: Mommie! It was another horse.
text: CLOSE FULL SHOT -- Fettes and Mrs. Marsh with the child in
text: the b.g. They see the child standing. Mrs. Marsh makes a
text: wordless exclamation of joy. She doesn't even dare to move
dialog: for fear this might be a vision.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE -- Fettes, Mrs. Harsh and Georgina. Mrs. Marsh
text: and Fettes run in. CLOSE FULL SHOT-- of the three.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: You're standing, Georgina.
text: The child looks down, sees that she is standing and almost
text: instantly grabs at the chair for support. Very gently Fettes
text: pulls it away.
speaker_heading: FETTES (CONT'D)
dialog: You'll not need that again,
dialog: Georgina.
speaker_heading: GEORGINA
dialog: (excited and almost in
dialog: tears)
dialog: I wanted to see the white horse --
text: Fettes and Mrs. Marsh kneel down close to the child. Mrs.
text: Marsh takes her into her arms. Fettes rises to his feet, his
text: face is full of enthusiasm and excitement. His voice trembles
text: with the keenness of accomplishment.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: (wildly excited)
dialog: I've got to tell Dr. MacFarlane.
dialog: I've got to tell him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. MACFARLANE'S HALLWAY
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DAY
text: There is the ringing of a doorbell. Meg comes down the
text: stairs. She crosses the hall and opens the door. Fettes
text: stands there. Meg holds the door open for him to
text: closes it behind him.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Mistress Cameron -- you'll not
dialog: believe it, but the child has
dialog: walked -- stood and walked. I must
dialog: tell Dr. MacFarlane.
text: He starts forward as if to go on into the study.
text: him with her hand on his arm.
speaker_heading: MEG
text: He's not home.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Where can I find him?
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: You don't went to find him. Your
dialog: news will keep until I tell him.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: But I must tell him -- he must know
dialog: of it. Please -- tell me where he
dialog: is.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: There's no standing between a fool
dialog: and his folly. If you must babble
dialog: your news to him he's at the
text: Fisherman's Tryst. It's the inn at
dialog: Pennycuik. You can use MacFarlane's
dialog: horse and gig to get there. He'll
dialog: welcome the ride back.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: (already starting to turn;
dialog: still very much excited)
dialog: At Pennycuik. I know the inn. I
dialog: can be there in an hour.
speaker_heading: MEG
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: And back with MacFarlane and all
text: that he stands for the next day.
dialog: enter and
text: Meg stops
text: She opens the door for Fettes and closes it after him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN
scene_heading: INT. INN OF THE FISHERMAN'S TRYST -- NIGHT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OUT
text: It is a long, low-raftered room with a fire of logs burning
text: on the hearth. Outside the wind can be heard blowing and
text: shrilling. A considerable company has gathered for warmth
dialog: and food.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT -- an amiable rustic, a horse dealer, who
text: stands, booted with whip in hand, talking to several fellow
text: bumpkins while the maidservant of the inn serves them ale
text: from a large wooden tray. Their wet clothes are steaming from
text: the heat of the fire.
speaker_heading: HORSE DEALER
text: A sound horse and a closed carriage
dialog: -- and after I'd talked with him a
dialog: bit I had his price down to four
dialog: pounds and then.
text: He laughs.
speaker_heading: HORSE DEALER (CONT'D)
dialog: And worth every bit or ten pounds.
text: He lifts a tankard from the tray.
speaker_heading: MAIDSERVANT
dialog: Surely, Angus, a man who had won so
dialog: great a victory in a horse deal
dialog: would buy the poor loser a drink.
speaker_heading: HORSE DEALER
dialog: (taking it big as he
text: throws a coin onto the
dialog: tray)
dialog: Take him a pot of ale.
speaker_heading: MAIDSERVANT
dialog: Ale for a Gentleman? It's only
dialog: French brandy he'd be drinking, and
dialog: that will be two more shillings,
dialog: Angus.
text: very reluctantly Angus takes out the additional money. The
text: girl starts out of scene and the CAMERA PANS WITH her to show
text: MacFarlane seated at a small table at the other side of the
text: hearth. He has just finished dinner and is pushing his plate
text: away from him. The maidservant comes up to him.
speaker_heading: MAIDSERVANT (CONT'D)
dialog: The man who bought your horse
dialog: would like you to have a glass
text: of French brandy at his charge.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Now that's very civil of him.
text: At the other side of the hearth the louts around the horse
text: dealer strike up a song. Outside there is the sound of a
text: horse clattering into the courtyard, then the muffled shouts
text: as the driver reins the horse in and the hostler goes to his
text: head. Both MacFarlane and the maidservant listen and look
text: toward the door. The door swings open and Fettes stands
text: there, his clothes drenched with rain. As he enters, he
text: shakes the water from his hat. He sees MacFarlane and goes
text: over to him quickly, excited and smiling.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Doctor -- the little Marsh girl
dialog: stood and walked -- really stood
dialog: and walked --
text: MacFarlane makes way for Fettes on the settle -- Fettes sits
text: down quickly.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: What's that you say?
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: The little girl -- she couldn't
dialog: walk far -- the muscles are too
dialog: weak -- but she did stand and she
dialog: took a step or two.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (very excited)
dialog: I know it -- I know it -- The
dialog: moment I was rid of him --
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Gray -- I'm rid of him --
text: Fettes looks at him, puzzled.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (CONT'D)
dialog: (guarding his thoughts)
dialog: Just that -- just that -- I've
dialog: managed to get him to leave
dialog: Edinburgh -- he'll bother me no
dialog: more.
text: He rubs his hands together.
text: The maidservant has returned with a bottle of brandy and two
text: glasses. MacFarlane pours one for himself and Fettes.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (CONT'D)
dialog: Drink.
text: Fettes picks up his glass.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (CONT'D)
dialog: Here's to a good riddance.
text: They both drink.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (CONT'D)
dialog: Now that he's gone I'll be a new
dialog: man, Fettes, and a better teacher.
dialog: The doctors from my school will
dialog: perform miracles --
text: The door opens and a party of five people dressed in rough
text: mourning come in out of the weather. The maidservant, with a
text: show of solicitude, ushers them to a table at the far end of
text: the inn, then crosses quickly to where the horse dealer is.
speaker_heading: MAIDSERVANT
dialog: Sh-h-h! still your song, lads --
dialog: the MacCreadys are here and they've
dialog: come from burying the old woman in
dialog: Glencorse Kirkyard.
text: They stop singing and look over with sympathetic glances at
dialog: the burial party.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT - Fettes and MacFarlane. MacFarlane looks
text: from the boys around the fire to the burial party.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: See that, Fettes?
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: A burial party -- poor people --
dialog: it's hard to bury a loved one on a
dialog: rainy day when the churchyard is so
text: cold and lonely.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Glencorse -- that's a lonely
dialog: cemetery, Fettes, not a soul
text: around for miles.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: They'll be thinking of that, too.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Tosh! Fettes! It's not their
dialog: grief I'm worrying about -- I'm
dialog: talking of our own end --
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: You've no thought of going there?
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Did you think Gray was the only one
dialog: who could handle a mattock and
dialog: shovel? I've had some practice in
dialog: the art.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: (protesting)
dialog: You couldn't do that, Doctor.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (rising)
dialog: I pass up no opportunities, I've a
dialog: whole course of lectures in mind
dialog: for you fellows. We'll need
dialog: subjects to demonstrate. Come
dialog: along.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Why not? I must have subjects. It's
dialog: the only way I can teach. It's the
dialog: only way you can learn. The
dialog: stupidity of the people the idiocy
dialog: of their laws will not stop no --
dialog: nor will they force me to deal with
dialog: such reptilian creatures as Gray.
dialog: We can do our own dirty work -- and
dialog: we must.
text: Fettes shakes his head. MacFarlane starts for the door and
text: after a little pause, Fettes rises and follows him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY GRAVEYARD - NIGHT
text: FULL SHOT. The thunder increases in volume throughout the
text: scene. In extreme b.g. two figures can be seen
text: intermittently.
text: CLOSE SHOT - grave. The headstone is brand new but the mound
text: beneath it has been demolished, leaving a ragged gaping hole.
text: A spade comes down into picture with vicious force. As it is
dialog: raised with its burden of earth:
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE'S VOICE
dialog: (triumphant)
dialog: So we can't do without Mister Gray
dialog: - So I'd never be rid of him, eh?
text: CLOSE SHOT - MacFarlane and Fettes as they work over the
text: grave. MacFarlane's spade thumps against wood.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: A-ah!
text: He jumps down into the grave, the CAMERA TILTING DOWN CUTTING
text: OUT Fettes. MacFarlane is levering up the edge of the coffin
text: with his spade. As the wood gives, there is a tremendous
text: clap of thunder immediately overhead, followed by a solid
text: deluge of rain.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NEAR CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: MED. FULL SHOT. The storm is raging. In the f.g. is
text: MacFarlane's carriage, the horse tethered to the fence.
text: Whickering, intensely nervous, he is looking o.s. toward the
text: cemetery. Shuffling footsteps come over shot and the horse's
text: fear increases.
text: MED. SHOT - at side of carriage is MacFarlane and Fettes come
text: into scene carrying a heavy burden, wrapped in canvas.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: (hoarsely)
dialog: Where shall we put it? In the back?
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: No room there. We'll have to set it
dialog: between us.
speaker_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE ROAD - NIGHT
text: FULL SHOT - The storm is continuing unabated. A narrow,
text: twisting road runs down the hillside, and the terrain is
text: desolate and rocky. Horse's hooves are heard and MacFarlane's
text: carriage comes into the scene, going down the hill.
scene_heading: INT. CARRIAGE -- NIGHT -- (PROCESS)
text: CLOSE SHOT - MacFarlane. He is driving, his head thrust
text: forward to see the road. The CAMERA PANS, VERY SLIGHTLY to
text: show what is next to him; something wrapped in a thin sheet
text: of canvas; something which sits limply; something which shows
text: the unmistakable shape of a human body beneath its covering.
text: It is held by Fettes' hand which is just in shot. The CAMERA
text: PANS again to show Fettes. His teeth are clenched; his eyes
dialog: closed.
text: MED. SHOT - showing both men and the thing between them. The
text: horse is trotting fast and as the carriage turns a bend, the
text: thing lunges heavily against MacFarlane's shoulder.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (savagely)
dialog: Keep it off me, will you!
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE ROAD - NIGHT
text: FULL SHOT - Still the storm - even fiercer. MacFarlane's
text: carriage, the horse galloping, comes down the hill, swaying
text: and lurching. The pace is much too fast for the going.
scene_heading: INT. CARRIAGE - NIGHT - (PROCESS)
text: MED. SHOT. It is very dark. MacFarlane is hauling at the
text: veins with all his strength.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (savage)
dialog: What's got into this animal!
text: CLOSE SHOT - Fettes. He is still holding the thing o.s.
text: THREE SHOT. The carriage sways violently and the thing
text: between the men, its outlines barely distinguishable, seems
text: to twist out of Fettes' grip. It sags against MacFarlane.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (CONT'D)
dialog: Keep it off me!
text: Forced to keep both hands on the reins, MacFarlane tries to
text: thrust the thing away with his shoulder. But it still keeps
text: falling against him.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (CONT'D)
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Keep it off me, I say!
text: Fettes makes an effort to hold on to the corpse.
text: MED. FULL SHOT -- the carriage going along the road; the
text: horse proceeding at a hard trot. The hoof beats ring out
text: rhythmically.
scene_heading: THREE SHOT -- PROCESS -- Fettes, MacFarlane and the corpse.
text: The rhythmic hoof beats sound very loud as the two men drive
text: on in silence. Fettes makes a desperate effort to hold the
text: corpse away from MacFarlane, but it keeps bumping into the
text: doctor. Through the hoof beats and in the same rhythm comes
text: the voice of Gray on the sound track.
speaker_heading: GRAY'S VOICE
dialog: You'll not get rid of me that way --
dialog: that way -- that way -- that way --
text: MacFarlane shakes his head as if to clear it of this
dialog: remembered voice; these well-remembered words.
text: CLOSE SHOT -- MacFarlane. His eyes are wide with
text: apprehension and fear. He glances down at the wrapped corpse
text: as it bumps against him. He draws away, shivering. Over the
text: sound track Gray's voice still sounds beating on the ear with
text: the same rhythm as the hoofs on the road. MacFarlane pulls
text: up on the reins.
text: THREE SHOT - as MacFarlane turns to Fettes the carriage comes
text: to a halt.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (making an effort to
dialog: arrive at speech)
dialog: Fettes -- for Mercy's sake, let's
dialog: have a light!
text: Fettes looks over at his companion. He has never seen
text: MacFarlane in this state before and the younger man is
dialog: puzzled.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: All right.
text: He climbs over the sill into the roadway.
text: MED. FULL SHOT - the carriage as Fettes tries to strike a
text: light in the pouring rain and howling wind. He finally gets a
text: taper going and touches it to the lamp wick. The lamp flares
text: for a moment.
text: TWO SHOT -- MacFarlane and the corpse.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: It's changed! I swear it!
dialog: It's changed, Fettes!
text: REVERSE SHOT - Fettes as he looks up puzzled.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Changed? Changed, to what?
text: HIGH ANGLE SHOT - MacFarlane and the corpse with Fettes at a
dialog: lower level.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Let's have that lamp.
text: Fettes undoes it from the dashboard and lifts it up over his
text: head to cast a light on the corpse.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE (CONT'D)
dialog: (looking down at the
dialog: bundle)
dialog: This is not a woman!
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: (matter-of-factly)
dialog: It was a woman when we put her in.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: (somewhat wildly)
dialog: Hold that lamp up -- I must see her
dialog: face.
text: He tears open the sacking.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE - CLOSE SHOT of Fettes. He is looking up
text: holding the lantern high over his head, but is unable to see
text: anything over the high dashboard except MacFarlane's face.
text: Suddenly, MacFarlane pulls back and on his face there is such
text: a look of anguish and terror that Fettes cries out in alarm.
speaker_heading: FETTES
dialog: Dr. MacFarlane?
text: REVERSE SHOT - Now the face of the dead woman can be seen
text: with MacFarlane looking down at it in horror as slowly it
text: turns to the dark, well-moulded features and smooth-shaven
text: cheeks of the familiar countenance of Gray. A wild yell
text: breaks from MacFarlane's lips.
speaker_heading: MACFARLANE
dialog: Gray -- Gray --
text: MED. FULL SHOT - the horse and carriage. The nervous horse
text: bolts. Fettes tries to dodge out of the way. The lamp falls
text: and breaks and in the darkness the carriage goes bounding
text: past his and away. He stands looking after it, then breaks
text: into a run, following the runaway.
text: CLOSE SHOT - MacFarlane. He is fighting to control the
text: horse. But, as the carriage rocks, the thing against his
dialog: shoulder moves; either by reason of the violent motion or of
text: some frightful volition of its own.
text: The canvas wrapping slips, slides away and reveals again the
text: head and naked torso of Gray.
text: The pace increases even more. MacFarlane sees the dreadful
text: metamorphosis and a strangled cry breaks from his throat.
text: The carriage sways again and the arms come free from the
text: canvas. Another swerve, another lurch and they have fallen
text: limply around MacFarlane's neck.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE ROAD - NIGHT
text: FULL SHOT - a hairpin turn, with cliff-wall to one side, a
text: sheer drop to the other. The carriage, the horse beyond
text: control, cannot take it at the speed. It strikes the cliff, a
text: wheel breaks loose, the braces tear apart, the horse
text: staggers, runs on free, the carriage tilts sickeningly,
text: stands on end, rolls over the edge and plunges down to
dialog: destruction.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLSIDE ROAD - NIGHT
text: Fettes has managed to get the lamp going again and is running
text: along the road, following the wheel tracks in the rain-soaked
text: earth. He comes upon a bit of wreckage and stops. He listens,
text: then walks over to the edge of the cliff. He holds his
text: lantern well over the edge and peers down. Then he starts
text: down the cliff side.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CLIFF SIDE - NIGHT
text: MED. FULL SHOT - Fettes as he scrambles down, holding the
text: lantern at arm's length to protect it from the rough rocks
text: and the heather. He comes to a slightly more level space and
text: stops. He looks down.
text: MED. SHOT - SHOOTING DOWNWARD FROM Fettes' viewpoint.
text: MacFarlane's body, obviously without life, is lying flat on
text: its back, arms and legs outspread. And, lying against his
text: chest, is something wrapped in canvas.
text: The CAMERA MOVES SLOWLY DOWN UNTIL IT IS CLOSE, showing
dialog: beyond all doubt that not only has the canvas never been
text: disturbed, but also that it is the woman's body which it
dialog: covers.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
