speaker_heading: BODY HEAT
dialog: An Original Screenplay
dialog: by
dialog: Lawrence Kasdan
scene_heading: FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY
speaker_heading: THIRD DRAFT
dialog: October 6, 1980
scene_heading: Converted to PDF by SCREENTALK
dialog: www.screentalk.org
dialog: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 1.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. NIGHT SKY
text: Flames in the night sky. Distant SIRENS. PULLING BACK,
text: we see that the burning building is mostly hidden by dense,
text: black shapes that define the oceanside skyline of Miranda
text: Beach, Florida. We're watching from across town. The
text: sound of a bathroom SHOWER comes to a dripping stop at
text: about the same time we see the naked back and head of NED
text: RACINE. We continue to PULL BACK INTO --
scene_heading: RACINE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Racine, dressed in undershorts, is standing on the small
text: porch off his apartment on the upper floor of an old house.
text: Racine lights a cigarette and continues to stare off at
text: the fire. We've passed him now, into the bedroom of the
text: apartment, and the shape of a young woman, ANGELA, flashes
text: by, drying her body with a towel.
speaker_heading: ANGELA (O.S.)
dialog: My God, it's hot. I stepped out of
text: the shower and stared sweating again.
dialog: ... It's still burning? Jesus, it's
dialog: bigger! And I thought you were making
dialog: me hear those sirens.
dialog: (she giggles)
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: The Seawater Inn. My family used to
dialog: eat dinner there twenty-five years
dialog: ago. Now somebody's torched it to
text: clear the lot.
text: Angela reappears briefly, gathering her clothes. She
text: sits on an unseen bed to get dressed.
speaker_heading: ANGELA (O.S.)
dialog: That's a shame.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Probably one of my clients.
speaker_heading: ANGELA (O.S.)
dialog: I'm leaving.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (back still turned)
dialog: It's four a.m.
text: On the bed, Angela snaps on her bra.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: I go on duty at Miami Airport at
dialog: seven.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 2.
speaker_heading: ANGELA (CONT'D)
dialog: I wouldn't mind having breakfast...
dialog: What do you care? You're watching
dialog: the fire. You're done with me. I'm
dialog: just getting into my uniform here...
text: She is, in fact, slipping on the blouse of her Avis Rent-
text: a-Car uniform. There's a smile on her lips as she buttons
text: up, watching Racine.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: You've had your fun. You're spent.
dialog: (trying for a
dialog: straight face)
dialog: I'll just slip into my uniform here
text: and slip away.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: My history's burning up out here.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Hey, I don't mind. I'm leaving.
dialog: Why do they make these damn skirts
dialog: so hard to zip...
text: Now, for the first time, Racine turns to look at her.
text: She is sitting on the edge of the bed, half into her
text: uniform. Racine smiles broadly at the sight and moves
text: into the room. He pushes her back and they both disappear
text: from sight, fabric rustling.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Where's your hat?
speaker_heading: ANGELA (O.S.)
dialog: Hey... hey...
dialog: (giggling)
dialog: ... don't wrinkle it!
speaker_heading: RACINE (O.S.)
dialog: 'You're spent.' Where'd you hear
dialog: that?
text: We are left looking out over the porch at the night. And
text: we go back there, across the rooftops, to the flames.
scene_heading: INT. COURTROOM - DAY
text: An Assistant County Prosecutor named PETER LOWENSTEIN has
text: been conferring at the bench with JUDGE COSTANZA and now
text: they both wait as Racine comes into view to join them.
text: The Judge is irritated.
speaker_heading: JUDGE COSTANZA
dialog: Mr. Racine, I do no longer care
dialog: whether these alleged toilets were
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 3.
speaker_heading: JUDGE COSTANZA (CONT'D)
dialog: ever actually en route from Indiana
dialog: or not. I think we're wasting our
dialog: time here. It's pretty clear your
dialog: client has attempted to defraud the
text: county in a not very ingenious manner.
text: (he nods at
dialog: Lowenstein)
dialog: The Assistant Prosecutor has made
dialog: what I consider a generous offer.
dialog: And given that you've failed to
dialog: generate even the semblance of a
dialog: defense --
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Judge Costanza, perhaps when I've
dialog: presented all --
speaker_heading: JUDGE COSTANZA
dialog: Yeah, yeah. If I were you, I'd
dialog: recommend to your client that held
dialog: quickly do as Mr. Lowenstein here
dialog: has suggested -- plead nolo
dialog: contendre, file Chapter Eleven and
dialog: agree never to do business with
text: Okeelanta County again.
text: Racine is surprised and pleased.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: You would look favorably on that?
speaker_heading: JUDGE COSTANZA
dialog: (nods)
dialog: He can walk. But don't test my
dialog: patience for even five more minutes.
dialog: If he hesitates, I'll nail him.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I'll talk to him.
text: Racine starts to turn.
speaker_heading: JUDGE COSTANZA
dialog: Mr. Racine. Next time you come into
dialog: my courtroom I hope you've got either
dialog: a better defense or a better class
dialog: of client.
text: Lowenstein smiles.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Thank you, Your Honor.
text: Racine goes back to his client, a Businessman of enormous
text: confidence and extravagantly untrustworthy appearance.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 4.
scene_heading: INT. STELLA'S COFFEE SHOP - FIRST STREET - DAY
text: Racine and Lowenstein are seated at the counter. Racine
text: drinks beer while Lowenstein drinks a tall iced tea very
text: rapidly and signals for another. This place is across
text: the street from the courthouse/police station and there
text: are plenty of lawyers and cops around, several of whom
text: acknowledge Lowenstein and Racine with pats or nods.
text: A single unit air conditioner is blowing away above the
text: door, but it can't compete with the blasts of hot air
dialog: that come in with each new patron. All of these people,
text: like the pedestrians outside the window, have stripped
text: down to essentials In the infernal heat. The lawyers all
text: carry their Jackets, but even so their shirtsleeves are
text: sweaty. The town is sizzling.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: -- I think I've underestimated you,
dialog: Ned. I don't know why it took me so
dialog: long. You've started using your
dialog: incompetence as a weapon.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: My defense was evolving. You guys
dialog: got scared. Costanza doesn't like
dialog: me. What'd I do to him?
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: He's an unhappy man, Thinks he should
dialog: be Circuit Court by now. Here he is
dialog: in a state with really top-notch
dialog: corruption and he's stuck with the
dialog: county toilets.
dialog: (he drinks)
dialog: I'm surprised you weren't in on that
dialog: toilet caper. Could have been that
dialog: quick score you've always been
dialog: searching for.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Maybe Costanza was in on it. That's
dialog: why he was mad.
text: STELLA, the owner of the coffee shop, writes and places
text: separate checks in front of the two men.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: What's the word from the hallowed
dialog: halls of justice? Anything juicy?
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: Maybe Stella was in on it.
dialog: (finished his tea)
dialog: Stella, when you gonna get a real
dialog: air conditioner in here.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 5.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: You don't like it there's lots of
dialog: other places.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: They don't have you. Gotta go.
text: He stands fishing for change, but Racine takes his check
text: and places it with his own. Lowenstein nods and moves for
text: the door.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: You can't buy me. No sirree, I don't
dialog: come cheap.
text: Just before he reaches the door he does a strange thing --
text: he takes several graceful dance steps in the Astaire
dialog: manner.
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: Lowenstein, you're a fag.
text: Lowenstein spins out the door, where he is blasted by the
text: heavy air. His body droops as he disappears.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Why does he do that?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: He's pretty good, that's the weird
dialog: part.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Did you hear about Dr. Block?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: No. Do I want to?
speaker_heading: STELLA
text: (leans toward him,
dialog: confidential)
dialog: Agnes Marshall.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (the thought
dialog: disgusts him)
dialog: That must have been Mrs. Block's
dialog: idea, some kind of punishment.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: It was! How'd you know? Christ,
dialog: you're plugged in better than me.
dialog: So you must know about Mrs. Block's
dialog: friend in Ocean Grove.
text: Racine winces, gets up, and puts money on the counter.
text: He lights a cigarette.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 6.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Stella, this is beneath even you.
dialog: Things must be slow.
text: Stella agrees with a shrug as Racine heads for the door.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: It's the heat.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST STREET AND MAIN STREET - DAY
text: Racine makes his way up First to the corner of Main and
text: crosses diagonally to his building on Main. He is well-
text: known here, greeted through glass by many of the shop
text: owners. The heat dominates much of the pantomimed
text: conversation. Racine goes in a doorway and heads up the
text: stairs to his office.
scene_heading: INT. RACINE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Racine's secretary, BEVERLY, is behind the desk in the
text: modest reception room. She's a pretty girl barely past
text: twenty. She pushes some phone message slips toward Racine
text: and nods toward the sofa. A middle-aged woman client,
text: MRS. SINGER, sits there clutching a walking stick. Her
text: face suddenly is contorted in pain. Racine glances
text: meaningfully at Beverly then turns his full solicitous
text: charm on Mrs. Singer.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Mrs. Singer, I would have gladly
dialog: come to the house.
text: He helps her up and leads her slowly to his office.
scene_heading: MRS. SINGER
dialog: No. no, the doctor says I should
dialog: walk and I had some shopping. Not
dialog: that that quack knows what he's
dialog: talking about. I tell you, Mr.
dialog: Racine, I'm not sure his testimony
dialog: is going to be very useful.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Don't worry about it. I'll find you
text: a doctor who's more understanding.
dialog: Is it bad today?
scene_heading: MRS. SINGER
dialog: Oooh, you can't imagine. Nothing
dialog: can make up for the pain they've
dialog: caused me.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: How well I know. We'll sue those
dialog: reckless bastards dry. Excuse my
dialog: language.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 7.
text: As Mrs. Singer disappears into the office, Racine flashes
text: a grin at Beverly.
scene_heading: MRS. SINGER
dialog: Don't apologize. That's the kind of
dialog: attitude you've got to have these
dialog: days...
scene_heading: EXT. THE BEACHFRONT - NIGHT
dialog: The hottest January in fifty years has brought the crowds
text: to the beach in search of relief. But they've been
text: disappointed. Even the breeze off the ocean seems blown
text: from a hair dryer. Still, the nights are a trifle better
text: and the Beachfront, the penny arcades, the ice cream stands
text: and bars are busy, even now in the middle of the week.
text: Racine comes out of a bar and lights a cigarette, idly
text: watching the passing parade. There is a free band concert
text: in progress at the band shell. Racine wanders in that
dialog: direction.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BAND SHELL - NIGHT
text: The Miranda Beach High School Orchestra is playing to a
text: full, sweating house; the audience is a sea of orange
text: programs fluttering away as fans. People come and go
dialog: frequently.
text: The atmosphere is as innocent and informal as the music
text: the band is playing now.
text: Racine leans against the back rail, smoking, his eyes
text: playing over the scene with no expectations.
text: Then, down near the center aisle, a WOMAN rises. As the
text: band plays on, this extraordinary, beautiful woman, in a
text: simple white dress, moves down the aisle. She moves
text: wonderfully. The dress clings to her body in the heat.
text: Racine watches, mesmerized, as she walks directly toward
text: him. She passes within a few inches of him, her eyes
text: lowered. Racine's body sways a moment as she goes by, as
text: though buffeted by some force. But they do not touch.
text: She goes out onto the Beachfront walkway.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BEACHFRONT WALKWAY - NIGHT
text: The Woman, MATTY, has walked to the rail. She stands
text: there now lighting a cigarette. She presents her face
text: to the ocean, hoping for a breeze. We move in on her,
dialog: with Racine.
text: Racine lights a new cigarette and smiles at her. She
text: looks at him and, for an instant, her eyes race over his
text: body, then she looks back at the ocean.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 8.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: You can stand here with me if you
dialog: want, but you'll have to agree not
dialog: to talk about the heat.
text: She looks at him, and there is something startling about
text: the directness of her gaze. When she speaks, she is cool
text: without being hostile.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I'm a married woman.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Meaning what?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Meaning I'm not looking for company.
text: She turns back toward the ocean.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Then you should have said -- 'I'm a
dialog: happily married woman.'
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: That's my business.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: How happy I am.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: And how, happy is that?
text: She looks at him curiously. She begins walking slowly
text: along the rail. He walks too.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: You're not too smart, are you?
text: Racine shakes his head "no."
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I like that in a man.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: What else you like -- Ugly? Lazy?
dialog: Horny? I got 'em all.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: You don't look lazy.
text: Racine smiles.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 9.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Tell me, does chat like that work
dialog: with most women?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Some. If they haven't been around
dialog: much.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I wondered. Thought maybe I was out
dialog: of touch.
text: She stops again at the rail as a small breeze blows in
text: from the ocean. She turns her back to it and, with her
text: cigarette dangling from her lips, she uses both hands to
text: lift her hair up off her nape. She closes her eyes as
text: the air hits her. Racine watches very closely.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: How 'bout I buy you a drink?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I told you. I've got a husband.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I'll buy him one too.
speaker_heading: MATTY
text: He's out of town.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: My favorite kind. We'll drink to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MATTY
text: He only comes up on the weekends.
text: Matty lets her hair fall and again begins moving down
text: walkway. She drops her cigarette and steps on it.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I'm liking him better all the time.
dialog: You better take me up on this quick.
dialog: In another forty-five minutes I'm
text: going to give up and walk away.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: You want to buy me something? I'll
dialog: take one of these.
text: They have come upon a Vendor selling snow cones.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: What kind?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Cherry.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 10.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (to Vendor)
dialog: Make it two.
text: The Vendor scoops and pours as Racine lays some change on
dialog: the cart.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (to Matty)
dialog: You're not staying in Miranda Beach.
dialog: (she shakes her
dialog: head "no")
dialog: I would have noticed you.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Is this town that small?
text: Racine hands her a snow cone. They walk over to the rail.
text: Racine watches her eat the snow cone with enormous
dialog: interest.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Pinehaven. You're staying up in
text: Pinehaven, on the waterway.
dialog: (she gives him a
dialog: look, surprised)
dialog: You have a house.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: How'd you know?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: You look like Pinehaven.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: How does Pinehaven look?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Well tended.
text: She looks out at the ocean.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Yes, I'm well tended, all right.
dialog: Well tended. What about you?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Me? I need tending. I need someone
dialog: to take care of me. Rub my tired
dialog: muscles. Smooth out my sheets.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Get married.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I just need it for tonight.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 11.
text: For the first time, Matty laughs. A moment later, she
text: spills the snow cone over the front of her dress. It
text: makes a bright red stain against the white. The thin
text: material clings to the line of her breast.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Good. Nice move, Matty.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Matty. I like it. Right over your
dialog: heart.
speaker_heading: MATTY
text: At least it's cool. I'm burning up.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I asked you not to talk about the
dialog: heat.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Would you get me a paper towel or
dialog: something? Dip it in some cold water.
text: Racine starts toward the restroom nearby.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Right away. I'll even wipe it off
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: You don't want to lick it?
text: This causes a momentary hitch in Racine's retreat, but
text: then he hurries off.
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S ROOM
text: Racine comes in, snaps some paper towels from the rack
text: and turns on the water. The room is full of smoke. A
text: fifteen-year-old Boy is leaning against the wall. After
text: looking Racine over a second, he brings the smoking joint
text: he's been holding behind his back into view and takes a
text: toke. He nods at Racine, who nods back and stands up
text: with his wet towels. As he walks out, Racine takes a
text: deep breath.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BEACHFRONT - NIGHT
text: Racine comes out of the structure. And stops. Matty is
text: gone. Racine looks around without much hope. Finally,
text: he puts a wet paper towel to the back of his neck. We
text: begin to HEAR a strange, measured thumping, and then --
scene_heading: EXT. THE BOARDWALK (82ND STREET) - DAWN
text: Racine is running. The THUMPING is the sound of Racine's
text: battered running shoes hitting the weathered wooden planks
dialog: of the Boardwalk.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 12.
text: Racine wears old gym shorts and a torn tee-shirt with
text: "F.S.U." fading from the front. The raised wooden walk
text: works its crooked way through lush, tropical vegetation,
text: first coming close to the wide, white beach, then jutting
text: back inland, swallowed by greenery, then shooting out
text: again toward the sea. Racine hits this last stretch at
text: top speed and launches himself flying out onto the gleaming
dialog: sand.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAWN
text: Racine is running on the sand now, on a raised, hardened
text: section that bisects the beach. His shoes make a weird
text: whooshing SOUND each time they break the compacted surface
text: and sink an inch below. The sun is just rising from the
text: ocean to his right, yet the day is already broiling.
text: Racine's shirt is drenched. The WHOOSHING is hypnotic,
text: steady; his expression indicates that it is just this
text: sound which keeps him going.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BAND SHELL/THE BEACH - DAY
text: Further on, Racine runs by the Band Shell where he'd seen
dialog: Matty.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PIER - DAY
text: The THUMPING returns, as Racine runs the long, straight
text: pier directly out to sea, toward the rising sun. A
text: lifeguard boat with an outboard motor is on the left of
text: the pier. Racine watches it as he runs until it disappears
text: beneath him, then reappears on his right and turns out to
text: sea, so that it is running beside him. Racine speeds up,
text: really kicking, racing the boat to the end of the pier.
text: The Lifeguard on board isn't even aware of Racine, but he
text: beats the runner nonetheless, then veers off to continue
dialog: his business.
text: Racine pulls up, breathing hard. He walks it off a bit,
text: watching the boat, then turns and starts walking back
text: along the pier. He reaches into the waistband of his
text: shorts and takes out a pack of cigarettes.
scene_heading: INT. RACINE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Racine is behind the desk. Occupying the two seats in
text: front are a married couple rapidly approaching divorce.
text: They are arguing now, each trying to convince Racine of
text: their view. Racine nods occasionally, looking from one
text: to the other. But he is also looking between them, through
text: the open door out to the reception room, where his
text: secretary Beverly is kneeling before the lowest drawer of
text: a filing cabinet. Her back is turned and her jeans are
text: tight across the bottom. There's nothing especially
text: provocative about her pose. She's just there. Working
dialog: away.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 13.
text: Racine walks across his office and closes the door. He
text: goes back to his seat. The couple continues.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BAND SHELL - NIGHT
text: Another concert going on, a trio of musicians. Racine
text: moves down the sidewalk away from the audience. He looks
text: around as he lights a cigarette. She is nowhere in sight.
text: Racine opens the door to his car, a nicked-up red '64
dialog: Stingray.
scene_heading: EXT. PINEHAVEN - DAY
text: Racine drives past a neat sign --
dialog: "You are entering
speaker_heading: PINEHAVEN
dialog: Please drive carefully"
text: There's money here. Many of the homes are not visible
text: from the street -- only their gates announce their
text: presence. Those that can be seen are sprawling and lavish.
text: The Waterway appears to the left. A large white yacht
text: cruises slowly by.
scene_heading: INT. RACINE'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Racine sits in bed smoking a cigarette. At the mirror, a
text: Nurse in a fresh white uniform steps into her white shoes
text: and begins attaching her cap with bobby pins.
scene_heading: INT. COCKTAIL LOUNGE - PINEHAVEN - NIGHT
text: Dark. Almost classy. The place is half full. Matty is
text: drinking at the end of the bar, her cigarettes next to
text: her glass. The bar chairs near her are empty.
text: Racine comes in, looks around, walks over and sits in the
text: seat next to her. She looks up, surprised.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Look who's here. Isn't this a
dialog: coincidence?
text: Racine looks at her, almost as though he can't place her.
text: But he doesn't push that effect hard. He lights a
dialog: cigarette.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I know you.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: You're the one that doesn't want to
dialog: talk about the heat. Too bad. I'd
dialog: tell you about my chimes.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: What about them?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 14.
speaker_heading: MATTY
text: The wind chimes on my porch. They
dialog: keep ringing and I go out there
dialog: expecting a cool breeze. That's
dialog: what they've always meant. But not
dialog: this summer, This summer it's just
text: hot air.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Do I remind you of hot air?
text: The Bartender has come up.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Bourbon, any kind, on the rocks.
dialog: (to Matty)
dialog: Another?
text: She thinks, then nods her agreement. The Bartender moves
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: What are you doing in Pinehaven?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I'm no yokel. Why, I was all the
dialog: way to Miami once.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: There are some men, once they get a
dialog: whiff of it, they'll trail you like
text: a hound.
text: The Bartender brings their drinks and leaves.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I'm not that eager.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: What is your name, anyway?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (offers his hand)
dialog: Ned Racine.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Matty Walker.
text: She takes his hand and shakes it. Racine reacts strangely
text: to her touch and doesn't let go right away. She gently
text: frees it, then refers to his look as she picks up her
dialog: drink --
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Are you all right?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 15.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Yes. My temperature runs a couple
text: degrees high. Around 100 all the
dialog: time I don't mind it. It's the engine
dialog: or something.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Maybe you need a tune-up.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Don't tell me -- you have just the
dialog: right tool.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I don't talk that way.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: How'd you find me, Ned?
text: Racine gives her a look.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: This is the only joint in Pinehaven.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: How'd you know I drink?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: You seemed like a woman with all the
dialog: vices.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You shouldn't have come. You're
text: going to be disappointed.
text: Racine looks out over his drink. Several of the Men in
text: the place are looking at them.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (referring to the
dialog: men)
dialog: What'd I do?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (indicating Racine's
dialog: chair)
dialog: A lot of them have tried that seat.
dialog: You're the first one I've let stay.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (spotting a few
dialog: more)
dialog: You must come here a lot.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Most men are little boys.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 16.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Maybe you should drink at home.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Too quiet.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Maybe you shouldn't dress like that.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: This is a blouse and a skirt. I
dialog: don't know what you're talking about.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: You shouldn't wear that body.
text: Natty leans back in her seat and glances down at herself.
dialog: She's magnificent.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I don't like my body much. It's
dialog: never been right.
text: Racine has been looking at her body too. With her line,
text: he just laughs. Matty watches him, then leans over her
text: drink. Her tone is different.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Sometimes, I don't know. I get so
dialog: sick of everything, I'm not sure I
dialog: care anymore. Do you know what I
dialog: mean, Ned?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (he's not sure)
dialog: I know that sometimes the shit comes
dialog: down SO heavy I feel like I should
dialog: wear a hat.
text: Matty laughs, studies him.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Yeah, that's what I mean.
text: Ratty drains her glass and stubs out her cigarette.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I think I'll get out of here now.
dialog: I'm going home.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I'll take you.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I have a car.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 17.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I'll follow you. I want to see the
text: chimes.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: You want to see the chimes.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I want to hear them.
text: She looks at him a long time.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: That's all. If I let you, that's
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (gestures his
dialog: innocence)
dialog: I'm not looking for trouble.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (very serious)
dialog: I mean it. I like you. But my life
dialog: is complicated enough.
text: Racine again accepts.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: This is my community bar. I might
dialog: have to come here with my husband
dialog: some time. Would you leave before
dialog: me? Wait in your car? I know it
dialog: seems silly...
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I don't know who we're going to fool.
dialog: You've been pretty friendly.
text: She gives him a look and then slaps him hard! Everyone
text: turns toward them.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (steadily)
dialog: Now leave me alone.
text: She stands up, takes her purse and her cigarettes, and
text: walks to the other end of the bar, where she sits down.
text: Racine watches her with amazed eyes. He stands up and
text: throws some money on the bar.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Lady, you must be some kind of crazy!
text: He stalks out of the bar.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 18.
scene_heading: INT. RACINE'S CAR - NIGHT
text: CLOSE on his face as he drives. His look is intense,
text: expectant. He's feeling lucky as he watches up ahead.
text: RACINE'S POV out the windshield. Matty's shiny Mercedes
text: 450 SEL is gliding down the road ahead of him. She puts
text: on the blinker, slows and turns into a gated drive. The
text: drive is canopied by heavy trees, the vegetation crowding
text: the road with a primeval lushness. The headlights create
text: sinuous welcoming shadows. It is as though Racine were
text: entering some separate, parallel, jungle world. Eventually
text: the house comes into view.
speaker_heading: RACINE (O.S.)
dialog: Jesus.
text: Matty's car swings around in the parking area and stops.
text: Racine pulls the Stingray up next to it, facing the other
text: way. He watches Matty slide her long legs out of the
text: car. She glances at Racine and for an instant there is a
text: hint of self-consciousness under the weight of his gaze.
text: We begin to HEAR the soft tinkling of chimes.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WALKER HOUSE - FRONT TERRACE - NIGHT
text: Racine follows closely behind Matty as they go up the
text: stairs. At the door, Matty turns suddenly and looks at
dialog: Racine.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Remember your promise.
text: Racine agrees. Matty looks him over a moment, then turns
text: to unlock the door.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY HALL/SECOND FLOOR HALL - NIGHT
text: Matty comes in and puts her purse on a hall table as Racine
text: moves forward to look around. Despite the night gloom,
text: it's clear the place is expensively decorated in a manner
text: entirely consistent with the exterior of the house. Fine
text: antiques, carefully chosen fabrics, and a meticulous
dialog: selection of accessories have given the place the look of
text: an affluent home of Thirties America. And yet the overall
text: effect is almost contemporary, so burnished are the woods,
dialog: so fresh all the elements. It works.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Just like my place.
text: Matty gives him a searching look, then leads him up the
text: stairs, flipping on only an occasional light in their
text: path. In the second floor hall, Matty moves to the front
text: of the house. Racine glances into the gloom that hides
text: Matty's bedroom.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 19.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: No help?
speaker_heading: MATTY
text: She goes home nights.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: You're not nervous alone?
text: Matty pauses at the doors to the porch, unlocking them,
text: and looks at Racine as though she barely understands the
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: No.
scene_heading: EXT. SECOND FLOOR PORCH - NIGHT
text: The TINKLING is distinct out here. Matty and Racine come
text: out onto the porch. There are about thirty wind chimes
text: of various, lovely designs -- crystal, metal, wood hanging
text: at intervals from the rim of the wide porch awning,
text: completely encircling Matty and Racine.
text: Halfway down the long lawn is a white gazebo. Beyond it,
text: the waterway is shimmering in the moonlight. At the edge
text: of the water is a small boat house.
text: Racine walks along under the chimes, looking up at them.
text: A smile plays across her face. He looks back at Matty,
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: You do have chimes.
text: He looks out at the boat house.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: A gazebo
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: No, out there.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Boat house.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: What is in there?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Boat.
text: Racine moves back and stands very close to her. He looks
text: at her in the moonlight, but she concentrates on the
text: distant water.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 20.
speaker_heading: MATTY
text: It's a mess. There's a row boat, a
dialog: lot of lounge chairs... things like
dialog: that.
text: Racine puts his hand up under her hair, on her nape. She
text: closes her eyes at his touch, then moves away, as though
text: by an act, of will, to the door, half opening it.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I think you should go now.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I just got here.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: You've seen them. Please go.
text: Racine steps toward her, but she ducks inside and moves
text: through the intermittent light of the hall and down the
text: steps. Racine follows her.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY HALL
text: Matty stops at the entry hall, leaning against the wall.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: You didn't bring me here to see your
text: wind chimes.
text: He puts an arm on each side of her, caging her against
text: the wall. She looks up at him.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Yes, I did. I said what I meant.
dialog: Do you ever do that?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: No. not very often.
text: He kisses her light on the forehead. Again she reacts,
text: but fights it.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I don't think you want me to go.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Yes... Please.
text: He kisses her lightly on the nose.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: There's nothing to be afraid of.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: There is for me.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 21.
text: Matty slips under his arms and quickly steps out the front
text: door. She stands just outside watching him. Racine shakes
text: his head, goes out there.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT TERRACE - NIGHT
text: Racine stops next to Matty. She doesn't move away.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Thank you. I'm sorry, I shouldn't
dialog: have lot you come.
text: Racine looks at her a long time.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: You're not so tough after all, are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: No... I'm weak.
text: She kisses him on the lips and steps quickly inside the
text: front door. She closes it, looks through the window at
text: him, then moves away.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING AREA - NIGHT
text: Racine stands looking at the door a few moments. Then he
text: walks to his car. Again he stops. He looks back at the
text: house. The wind picks up a bit and the TINKLING of the
text: wind chimes gets louder. And then louder.
text: Racine goes back up onto the porch fast. He goes to the
text: front door and looks through the window.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT TERRACE - NIGHT
text: RACINE'S POV. Matty is standing at the bottom of the
text: stairs in the hall. She is looking directly at the front
text: door. Frozen in the spot.
text: Racine tries the door. It's locked. He shakes it hard,
text: but it's solid. He looks to his left. There are windows
text: down the wall there. He moves to them. They go into the
text: living room but their shutters are closed. He looks
text: through a broken slat at Matty, who watches him from the
text: same spot, through the living room door. Racine tries
text: them. They won't budge. Racine moves to his right past
text: the front door, to the windows off the dining room. He
text: pushes at them as his eyes lock with Matty, who watches
text: from the hall. The windows won't move, Racine spins and
text: picks up the nearest object, a wooden rocking chair. He
text: lifts it, turns and smashes the big window. Glass showers
text: into the dining room.
text: Matty watches. She hasn't moved.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 22.
text: Racine pushes the broken window out of his way. He comes
text: in, like a violent gust of wind.
scene_heading: INT. HALL
text: Racine crosses the dark living room fast. As he reaches
text: Matty, she lifts her arms to match his embrace. They
text: come together hard and tight. They kiss. And kiss again.
text: Her hands travel over his body, as though she's wanted
dialog: them there for a long time.
text: They turn once slowly along the wall, into the dimness of
text: the central hall. Then he rotates her body away from
text: him, holding her close.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Yes, yes...
text: Then she is just nodding. Racine puts his face deep into
text: her hair, closing his eyes as the smell of her washes
text: over him.
text: Matty turns in his arms and kisses him hard. Racine pulls
text: her close to him and they sink to the floor.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: That's right... that's right.
text: CLOSE ON Matty's face, a look that might be anguish. She
text: bites her lip in expectation. Racine moves over her.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Please, please ...
text: She pulls him tightly to her, clinging like a drowning
dialog: woman.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MATTY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Racine and Matty lie under a sheet on her big bed. Her
text: eyes are closed. There are more wind chimes on the second
text: floor of the verandah, which is off this room, and Racine
text: is listening to their TINKLING. Racine looks over in
dialog: that direction.
text: RACINE'S POV. The moonlit, sheer white curtains on the
text: window roil to a light breeze. Racine's gaze travels
text: over the luxurious bedroom; here too, it is in the Thirties
text: style. Their clothes are haphazardly thrown across a
text: divan and on the floor nearby. A delicate fern sways in
text: the wind. Finally, he is looking at a lovely writing
text: desk against the far wall. Some tissue-thin stationery
text: flaps in the breeze, kept in place by the weight of a
text: pen. Then, as he looks, the paper stops flapping and the
text: chimes gradually STOP TINKLING. Racine looks toward the
text: window. It is still open, but the air had died.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 23.
text: The curtains hang still.
text: Racine's face. The world has stopped.
speaker_heading: MATTY (O.S.)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I didn't want this to happen. But I
dialog: didn't try hard enough to stop it...
dialog: Because I wanted you. I wanted you
dialog: here, like this ... This is bad for
dialog: me. I know it. Now nothing's going
dialog: to be the same anymore.
text: FROM ABOVE THEM, we see them framed by the bed.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF WALKER HOUSE - DAY
text: Near the front gate of the Walker place, a heavyset, middle-
text: aged woman, BETTY, THE WALKER'S HOUSEKEEPER, has been
text: waiting on a bus stop bench. Now she lifts her tired
text: body to board a public bus.
text: Down the Street, just around a corner, Racine watches her
text: go. He puts the Stingray in gear and drives to the
dialog: Walkers.
scene_heading: EXT. WALKERS' BOAT HOUSE - SUNSET
text: Lights are going on across the waterway, sending shimmers
text: toward the boat house.
scene_heading: INT. WALKERS' BOAT HOUSE - SUNSET
text: We're looking out a dusty window at the waterway. We
text: HEAR Racine and Matty disentangle and roll apart o.s.,
text: Racine grunting his exhaustion. After a moment, Racine
text: rises up into frame, looking happy. He looks down to
text: where he was and rests against the wall.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I like this place. It's got a nice
dialog: feel.
speaker_heading: MATTY (O.S.)
dialog: You were on top.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: So it could use a better mattress.
dialog: See to it, will you?
speaker_heading: MATTY (O.S.)
dialog: Yes sir.
text: Racine turns and stares out at the ocean. Matty rises up
text: behind and hugs him from the back. She kisses his shoulder
text: blades and presses her cheek against his spine.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 24.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (reacting)
dialog: Hey, gimme a break here. It takes a
dialog: little while.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (ignoring him,
dialog: laughs)
dialog: It's your fault.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (smiling)
text: It takes me a good thirty seconds.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Are you sure? I just want to make
dialog: sure here.
text: She pulls him down.
text: On the lounge cushions that are spread across the floor,
text: Matty rolls on top of Racine. Racine reacts with
text: exaggerated pain to the roughness of the cushions.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Jesus, I think you're right --
dialog: (he rolls over her)
dialog: -- you better be on the bottom.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: No, you misunderstood --
text: (she rolls over
dialog: him)
dialog: -- this is my new saddle, and I just
dialog: want to --
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Wow! No, I must object --
text: Laughing, they roll again and we're on Racine's face as
dialog: we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MATTY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Racine's face; he is still rolling, but he is alone. He
text: has just rolled off the bed. He lies there like a dead
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (finally, breathless)
dialog: Enough.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Racine is at the sink, having just washed his tired face.
text: He opens the medicine cabinet and looks at all the
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 25.
text: toiletries of Matty's husband. He selects a cologne, is
text: impressed by its expensive look, and slaps a little on
text: his jaw. He doesn't like the smell. He closes the cabinet
text: and moves back into the bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. MATTY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Matty, wrapped in a thin white terrycloth robe, is
text: stripping the bed of its sheets. Racine watches from
text: across the room.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I've got to wash these.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: You're afraid of your maid?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: That's right. My mother told me
dialog: "knowledge is power."
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: This is an interesting interpretation.
dialog: Is that why you've started smoking
dialog: my brand?
text: Matty straightens with an armload of sheets.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: No one must know. Promise me, Ned.
dialog: No one.
text: He promise with a gesture.
scene_heading: INT. RACINE'S APARTMENT - DAWN
text: Racine comes in, beat. He throws his jacket across a
text: chair. Out the windows to the porch, the sun is rising
text: out of the Atlantic. Racine goes there and closes the
text: curtains. In the gloom he walks to his bed and sits on
text: the edge, kicking off his shoes. He picks up his alarm
text: clock and begins setting it.
scene_heading: EXT. WALKER HOUSE - LAWN/GAZEBO - NIGHT
text: Racine has just parked his car and is walking back across
text: the lawn. Matty is standing in the gazebo, her back
text: turned, looking out at the Waterway.
text: She is dressed in white and from here she looks very much
text: as she did when they first met. There are wind chimes
text: hanging from the gazebo.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Hey, lady, wanna make love?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 26.
text: The lady in question turns around, surprised. It is not
text: Matty at all. It is MARY ANN. She's attractive, but a
text: little cheap-looking. She looks him over.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: I don't know. Maybe This sure is a
text: friendly town.
text: Racine is nonplussed. He doesn't know what to do.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: (mock hurt feelings)
dialog: You are? You mean the offers no
dialog: good?
text: Racine comes up on the porch.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I feel like a jerk.
text: Mary Ann gives him a salacious smile.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: Maybe you were supposed to deliver
dialog: it next door?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You must be looking for the lady of
dialog: the house.
text: Unbeknownst to either of them, Matty has been watching
text: from the lawn. Now she moves up into the gazebo. In her
text: right hand she has an envelope, well-filled and sealed.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSECTION
text: A block away from the station, the patrol car races toward
text: an intersection. Suddenly, a WOMAN steps into the street,
text: pushing a baby buggy. Pat slams on the brakes, and the
text: car skids sideways toward the intersection, where it rocks
text: onto two wheels and stops just a few yards short of the
text: buggy. Sam sticks his head out the window.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Are you crazy, lady? Didn't you
dialog: hear the siren?
text: The woman dives to the ground as the BABY sits up in the
text: buggy -- he is a midget with a cigar in his mouth and a
text: tommy gun in his hands. Pat jerks Sam to the floor just
text: as the midget opens fire.
text: The midget riddles the car with bullets. Headlights
text: explode, windows are smashed, the grill is torn to shreds,
text: and steam mushrooms into the air.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 27.
text: All four tires are flattened, a bumper is sheared off,
text: and still the blasting goes on.
text: There's almost nothing left of the patrol car as a dark
text: sedan wheels into the intersection to pick up the woman
text: and the midget. The sedan speeds away, and Pat and Sam
text: climb out of the rubble, unhurt but very shaken.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TRACY'S CAR
text: Siren off, Tracy cuts the motor and silently glides into
text: Cullen Park, stopping just under a low-hanging weeping
dialog: willow.
scene_heading: EXT. BOATHOUSE
text: Approaching the boathouse carefully, Tracy takes out his
text: pistol. The front door is ajar. Tracy pushes it, and it
text: creaks open. He enters cautiously.
scene_heading: INT. BOATHOUSE
text: The boathouse is dark, lit only by moonlight and park
text: lights that shine through the windows. Tensely, Tracy
text: listens for sounds, then moves very carefully past stacked
text: up rowboats and canoes.
text: Traced against a window at the far end of the boathouse,
text: Tracy sees the silhouette of a man. Gripping his pistol,
text: he moves silently toward that silhouette, closing in on
text: it while keeping alert for movement.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Ned, this is Mary Ann.
text: Matty hands the envelope to Mary Ann, who puts it in her
dialog: purse.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: We were just meeting. Ned made me
dialog: feel very welcome.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I'm an idiot. Nice to meet you.
dialog: Are you staying in town?
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: No, no, just passing through. Nice
dialog: area. A little hot for my tastes.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: It's unusual. We're famous for our
text: cool breezes.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 28.
text: There is a pregnant pause as Mary Ann looks him over,
text: fighting some private amusement.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (to Mary Ann)
dialog: Do you want to stay for dinner?
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: (negative)
dialog: Got to go, got to go.
text: She pecks Matty on the cheek, then steps close to Racine
text: to shake his hand.
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: You two have fun now.
text: She's smiling as she leaves the gazebo and walks across
text: the lawn. Matty takes Racine's arm as they watch Mary
text: Ann get into her little sports car, which has been pulled
text: up close to the house. She pulls out waving.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I didn't see her car. I'm sorry. I
dialog: got to be more careful.
text: Matty turns to him and puts her arms around his neck.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Mary Ann's an old friend. She's
dialog: like a sister to me. She wants me
dialog: to be happy.
scene_heading: EXT. LAWN/LAGOONS - WALKER HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Matty's Mercedes has been pulled out onto lawn next to
text: the lagoons which border the grass. Racine and Matty can
text: be seen, intermittently rising into view in the back seat,
text: grappling, then disappearing again. Matty is giggling.
speaker_heading: RACINE (O.S.)
dialog: (not in a jovial
dialog: mood)
dialog: You know, this has never been one of
dialog: my pleasures. Car. I considered
dialog: the time I spent making it --
dialog: (grunts, sits up)
dialog: -- like this ... penance for some
dialog: sin.
speaker_heading: MATTY (O.S.)
dialog: What sin?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I never knew. Maybe worshipping
dialog: women instead of God. But it never
dialog: did anything for me.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 29.
speaker_heading: MATTY (O.S.)
dialog: Not even a Mercedes?
dialog: (Racine shakes his
dialog: head)
dialog: With genuine calf skin upholstery?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MATTY (O.S.)
dialog: Not this?
text: Matty rises up, wraps her arms around his neck and kisses
text: him deeply. She pulls him out of sight.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MATTY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: An ashtray, full to overflowing, on the rug next to Matty's
text: bed. And, above it, Matty's hand, clutching the sheets
text: on the side of the bed.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BATHROOM
text: Racine and Matty lie together in the full bathtub. On
text: the floor beside the tub is the container that catches
text: the ice from a refrigerator's automatic icemaker.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: You're killing me.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Is there any more ice? I'm burning
dialog: up.
text: Racine gropes for the ice container and dumps the remaining
text: ice cubs Into the tub with them. Matty snatches one out
text: of the water and holds it to her forehead.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: He's coming up tomorrow.
dialog: Racine knows.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I can't stand the thought of him...
text: He's small and mean... and weak.
text: Racine watches some water run through his fingers. He
text: cradles her head in an embrace that has nothing to do
text: with sex. She looks sad.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 30.
scene_heading: EXT. GROUNDS - WALKER'S PLACE -- NIGHT
text: The Middle of the Night. A light FOG has rolled in.
text: Racine is walking slowly through the shadows of the heavy
text: foliage. He stops beside a rubber tree.
text: RACINE'S POV. The Walker House. In front sits a huge
text: white Cadillac. All the lights in the house are out.
text: The wind chimes TINKLE softly.
text: Racine lights a cigarette.
scene_heading: INT. RACINE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Racine stands at the window staring down at the busy Main
text: Street. He is far away.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY HALL - WALKER HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Racine has just entered. Matty is calling from somewhere
text: out of sight.
speaker_heading: MATTY (O.S.)
dialog: Just do what I say! Go into the
dialog: living room.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Come on! It's been three days. I
dialog: want to see you --
speaker_heading: MATTY (O.S.)
dialog: I'm going to make it up to you
dialog: tonight. But you must behave. Now
dialog: go!
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I'm going. I'm going.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: Racine goes into the living room and sits down on the
dialog: couch.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I'm here.
speaker_heading: MATTY (O.S.)
dialog: Good.
text: Matty comes in carrying a tray with two drinks on it.
text: And she is dressed in the uniform of an airline stewardess,
text: complete all the way to her little cap. She cannot keep
text: a straight face, despite her efforts. Racine begins to
dialog: laugh.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 31.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (choking back her
dialog: giggles)
dialog: Good evening, sir... welcome to...
dialog: to Flight 413 ... nonstop to ...
text: She hands him a drink, but he takes it and the tray and
text: puts them on the floor. He pulls her down across his
text: lap. They are both laughing hard. He kisses her.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: What do you take me for?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Don't you like it?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: You think I'm a kid?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: You don't like it? I thought you
dialog: went for this stuff.
text: He pushes her back across the sofa.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Wait ... wait ... I want to tell you
dialog: about the thing... the thing that
dialog: will drop from the ceiling... in
text: case the cabin suddenly depressurizes --
dialog: oho...
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVING RANGE - NIGHT
text: A dozen Golfers are practicing, spotted along the row of
text: hitting pads under floodlights. Most are drenched with
text: sweat from their exertion in the muggy air. Their randomly
text: timed swings send streaking white bullets into the
text: darkness. But what is hypnotic, what so captures a hot
text: night in sound, is the irregular CRACKING of clubs meeting
text: balls: CRACK, CRACK-CRACK-CRACK, CRACK-CRACK!
text: In the darkness of the overlooking parking lot, behind a
text: high fence, sits the Stingray, with Racine in the driver's
text: seat and Matty close beside him. They sit in silence.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (finally)
dialog: What are we doing here?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (hushed)
dialog: Listen!
speaker_heading: (CRACK, CRACK)
dialog: I love that sound.
text: Matty listens, but her eyes are on Racine.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 32.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I want to be in bed.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Is that all you ever think about?
text: Racine watches the Golfers, listening intently. Then he
text: sees that Matty is crying. He comforts her.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Hey! I'm kidding.
text: Matty looks straight ahead and her tone is somber.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Yes ... that's all I ever think about
dialog: ... You and me. Your body near mine,
dialog: close. I'm not right when you're
dialog: not with me. I get the shakes. And
dialog: each time, when I first see you, I
text: shake even more. For a while. And
dialog: then I get calm. I feel safe ...
dialog: I've never been this way. I can't
dialog: remember how I lived before.
text: He knows it's true. It's the same for him. He wipes her
text: cheeks with his hand. CRACK, CRACK-CRACK, CRACK.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. WALKER HOUSE (SERIES OF SHOTS) - NIGHT
text: WATERWAY/BOAT HOUSE -- The water laps against the pier.
text: Gently. The quiet sound almost overpowered by the
text: insistent buzz of the night insects. The CAMERA MOVES
text: toward the house.
text: LAGOON/GAZEBO -- A giant palmetto bug leaps from a lily
text: pad into the water, creating a tiny ripple. The CAMERA
text: MOVES toward the house.
scene_heading: STAIRWELL/HALLWAY -- Quiet and dark. The CAMERA MOVES
text: along the shiny white posts of the stairs. Upward.
scene_heading: INT. MATTY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Racine and Matty are in bed. Matty is sound asleep, her
text: back close to Racine. But he is not asleep. He is propped
text: up, looking down at her. We've never seen his face like
text: this before. Never this open, never so much in repose.
text: She stirs, and then is still again. He touches her hair
text: lightly. She sleeps.
scene_heading: INT. STELLA'S COFFEE SHOP - DAY
text: Same courthouse/cop crowd as before. Racine finishes a
text: sandwich at a table as Lowenstein sits down with two tall
text: glasses of iced coffee, both of which he drinks down.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 33.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: You look terrible. Don't you sleep?
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: I had a dream last night that was so
dialog: boring it woke me up. I was afraid
dialog: to go back to sleep. Where the hell
dialog: have you been?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: What do you mean, I been around.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: I've barely seen you for a month.
dialog: Wait a minute -- it's some new quiff,
dialog: isn't it? What's wrong with me.
text: Racine dismisses this with a gesture.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: You've never been shy about that
dialog: stuff.
text: At this moment, DETECTIVE OSCAR GRACE, a big, powerful
text: black man comes in. He's a plainclothes cop in shirt
text: sleeves, his jacket in his hand. As he passes Racine on
text: his way to the third seat at the table, he squeezes
text: Racine's shoulders with his huge hands, by way of greeting.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Oscar.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Hey. You weren't at the Y last week.
dialog: We lost.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: (about Racine)
dialog: He's getting discreet. I can't
dialog: believe it.
text: Stella comes over.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Whatcha got in pie today, Stella?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (glancing behind
dialog: her)
dialog: Cherry, cherry... and cherry.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What do you recommend?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I like the cherry.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 34.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Bring it on. And a gigantic Coke.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: I'm really disappointed, Racine.
dialog: I've been living vicariously off you
dialog: for years. If you shut up on me,
dialog: I'll have just my wife.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: There's nothing to tell. I lead a
dialog: lonely life.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Right. And it's gonna snow later
dialog: today --
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: ... And people are basically decent..
dialog: (looking around
dialog: the restaurant)
dialog: ... Must be someone I know. Let's
dialog: see -- someone in uniform...
text: Grace laughs. Racine shakes his head in mock exasperation.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: ...no Army personnel around.
dialog: Waitress... Could it be...
dialog: (like Brando in
dialog: "Streetcar," but
dialog: soft)
dialog: ...Stella!
text: Stella arrives with Grace's order. Lowenstein looks her
text: over as a possible for Racine, but shakes his head. Stella
text: lingers. Lowenstein spots someone, speaks to Racine in a
text: loud, excited whisper.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: I know, I know -- you finally got to
dialog: Glenda.
text: Across the restaurant, GLENDA, a Meter Maid, is talking
dialog: with some other women.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: How was it? Did she let you into the
dialog: no parking zone?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: I'll have you know Glenda is seriously
text: involved with a narc from Palm Beach.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (smiling his
dialog: innocence)
dialog: There you are.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 35.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: A narc from Palm Beach? Is that his
dialog: hobby?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: How's the cop business, Oscar?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Real good. Always starts hoppin' in
dialog: weather like this. When it gets hot,
text: people try to kill each other.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: It's true. I could tell you some
dialog: people who'll be dead if we don't
dialog: get a break soon.
text: She leaves. The three men exchange amused looks.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: We've got more of everything bad
dialog: since the wave started. It's the
dialog: crisis atmosphere. People dress
dialog: different, feel different, sweat
text: more. They wake up cranky and they
dialog: never recover. Look at Lowenstein.
dialog: (a flash of smile)
dialog: Things are just a little askew. Pretty
dialog: soon people think the old rules aren't
text: in effect. They start breaking them.
dialog: Figure no one'll care, cause it's
dialog: emergency time... time out.
text: He takes a big bite of pie.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: Oscar, I just don't understand how
dialog: you could be doing advanced
dialog: theoretical thinking like that and
dialog: still be stuck working in our little
dialog: town.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (good-humored)
dialog: Lowenstein dreams of bigger things.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: Assistant County Prosecutor isn't
dialog: the end for me, fellows.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Hell, no. Someday -- Deputy County
dialog: Prosecutor.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: When the truth comes out about some
dialog: of the dirt I've been involved in,
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 36.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN (CONT'D)
dialog: my future in this state will be
dialog: unlimited.
text: Glenda the Meter Maid passes their table on her way out.
text: She has eyes only for Racine.
speaker_heading: GLENDA
dialog: Hello, Ned.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Hi, Glenda.
text: She goes out. Lowenstein and Grace look at Racine, then
text: at each other. Grace smiles hugely.
scene_heading: EXT. LIGHTHOUSE/SAND DUNES - NIGHT
text: The big beacon turns in the distance, throwing an
text: intermittent bridge of light across the water toward us.
text: The undulating dunes stretch off as far as we can see.
text: Racine's Stingray is parked on the dirt access road. Below
text: it, Racine and Matty sit close in the warm sand.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Don't say it, if you don't mean it.
dialog: Please, Ned, don't.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I do. I want you with me.
text: She looks at him a long time. There is real joy in her
text: face. And tears in her eyes. We're very close to those
text: eyes as she wipes the tears away. Racine puts an arm around
text: her. She looks out at the lighthouse.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I'm going to tell Edmund I want a
dialog: divorce. I won't stay any longer. I
dialog: would have, if you hadn't come along.
dialog: The life is comfortable. I was
dialog: willing to go on. But you've reminded
dialog: me of what it can be... I know now
dialog: that these last three years I've
dialog: been living half a life. It's my
dialog: fault, I don't deny it. You have to
dialog: let yourself be bought. I did. I
dialog: let it happen. I've lived so much of
dialog: my life with nothing. When you have
dialog: no money, you have no choices. I
dialog: don't care what they say -- money is
dialog: freedom. That's something they don't
dialog: teach you in school. But I found
dialog: out. And when Edmund came along when
dialog: I saw a chance to stop struggling I
dialog: took it. I'm not ashamed.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 37.
speaker_heading: MATTY (CONT'D)
dialog: He got what he wanted... he has a
dialog: knack for that. But no more. I'm
text: ready to walk away from the money.
dialog: I have to be with you.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (kisses her, smiles)
dialog: It is conceivable I'll make a buck
dialog: someday.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (hugs him closer)
dialog: Oh, I know you will, darling. I didn't
dialog: mean that. I know you will. But it
dialog: doesn't matter. It's you I want.
dialog: That's all.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Anyway, you'll come out all right.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Of the divorce?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Yeah. He's ripe.
text: Matty is silent for a long beat.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: No. I signed a pre-nuptial agreement.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: He insisted. He blamed it on his
dialog: sister Roz -- she's always hated me --
dialog: but I know he wanted it too.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: How is it?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Bad. I get some money for a year.
dialog: Not much. That's it. But I don't
dialog: care, Ned. Not if I can be with you.
text: She searches his face, almost frightened.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Does it matter, Ned? Tell me the
dialog: truth please. I'll understand, I
dialog: swear to you.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: The truth? I wish you were going to
dialog: be loaded. Does it matter? No. No.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 38.
text: They kiss.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: God, you've made me happy.
dialog: (she pulls away)
dialog: It's time for your present.
text: She jumps up and runs back to the car. Racine walks back
text: there as Matty takes a wrapped package out of the car.
text: She hands it to Racine, who leans against the car to unwrap
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: From now on, when it starts coming
dialog: down on you, I'll be there to protect
dialog: you.
text: Racine opens the box and smiles broadly. It is a hat a
text: fedora in the classic style.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Put it on! I'll bet I guessed the
dialog: size right.
text: Racine puts on the fedora. It fits. He looks simultaneously
text: old-fashioned, a visitor from the Forties, and also very
text: chic, a present-day fashion plate. But most of all, he
text: looks exactly right. Matty squeals in glee at the sight.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I love it.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I want to see.
text: Racine tries to see his reflection in the car's side view
text: mirror but he has trouble. Matty, very animated in her
text: delight, steps up and kisses him quickly.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Look in my eyes. Can you see yourself?
text: Racine tries for a moment, then gives up with a laugh.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Here!
text: Matty opens the door of the Stingray and sits in the
text: passenger seat with her legs out. She rolls up the window
text: in that door as Racine stands before it. The glass capture
text: the moonlight to make a perfect mirror. As the window
text: goes up, Racine's reflection appears on the glass, posing
text: in his hat. At the same time, Matty's face disappears
dialog: from view.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 39.
scene_heading: INT. RACINE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Racine lies on the couch. He spins the fedora Matty gave
text: him on his finger, Beverly comes up and leans against the
text: doorjamb. She's wearing a tee-shirt and tight slacks; she
text: looks good. She watches him for a moment.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: Big weekend planned?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Nope, Small weekend. Tiny little
dialog: weekend.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: There's jazz tonight at the beach...
dialog: if you're not doing anything...
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Beverly, do yourself a big favor and
dialog: forget it.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: Forget what?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Whatever you're thinking.
text: She shrugs.. She turns back to her desk, unconvinced.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - NIGHT
text: Busy weekend crowd. Racine sits drinking alone at the
text: bar. He signals for another.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF WALKER PLACE - NIGHT
text: Racine drives slowly by, head craning to peer into the
text: darkness. We begin to HEAR the thumping again --
scene_heading: EXT. THE PIER - DAY
text: Racine has been running. Walking now, breathing hard, he
text: takes his cigarettes from his shorts. At the end of the
text: pier he folds his body over the rail so that it looks as
text: though he will topple over the edge. But he does not; he
text: lights up and looks down there.
text: RACINE'S POV. The water following against the thick
text: pilings. Then, TILTING UP, UP, AND OVER, past the ocean's
text: horizon to the perfect blue sky, which fills the screen.
text: Racine is looking straight up, blowing his own clouds.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 40.
scene_heading: INT. RACINE'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Racine lies smoking in bed, bathed in sweat, a beer nearby.
text: A fan is pointed at him, but it's blowing hot air. He
text: looks at the telephone.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH OF RACINE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Fog. Thick and heavy. Racine's cigarette glows in it as
text: he sits in the gray limbo. The phone in the apartment
speaker_heading: RINGS.
scene_heading: INT. RACINE'S APARTMENT
text: Racine comes in from the porch and picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Come to me.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Did you tell him?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (filtered, after a
dialog: pause)
dialog: No... I couldn't.
text: Racine's face relaxes. He looks relieved.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Okay, I'm coming.
scene_heading: EXT. SECOND FLOOR PORCH - WALKER PLACE - NIGHT
text: Same thick fog. The wind chimes TINKLE softly. Light
text: seeps out from Matty's bedroom windows, half-revealing
text: Racine and Matty lying together on a lounge. Matty is in
text: her white terrycloth robe, Racine just shorts.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I saw the will once. He showed it
dialog: to me. He was trying to prove
dialog: something ... how much he loved me
dialog: or something.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: How'd he get so fat?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 41.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: The stock market, investments, real
dialog: estate. He doesn't tell me anything,
dialog: but I've picked up a little. I know
dialog: they own a lot of land along the
dialog: shore here.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Who's "they"'
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (she doesn't know)
dialog: He's never introduced me to anyone.
dialog: I'm not sure if they're all
dialog: legitimate.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (snorts at the
dialog: odds of that)
dialog: I wonder what they call themselves.
dialog: Maybe I've heard of them.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: They own that old place in Miranda
dialog: Beach, The Breakers... I know that.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: The Breakers? I thought Hermie Fisher
dialog: owned that land.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Edmund mentioned it once.
text: Racine lights another cigarette and gazes off into the
text: fog, thinking. Matty presses her cheek against his chest
text: and closes her eyes tight.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Ned, it scares me to talk about these
dialog: things.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: You know.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: No. I don't.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Let's just not, okay? Let's not
dialog: think about all he's got.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 42.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (pressing)
dialog: What is it, Matty? Tell me exactly
dialog: what frightens you.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I'm afraid... because when I think
dialog: about it, I wish that he'd die. That's
dialog: really what I want. It's horrible
dialog: and ugly and It's what I most want.
text: Racine looks off into the night for a few beats, then he
text: lifts her face so he can look into her eyes.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: That's where we're at, isn't it,
dialog: Matty?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: That's what we're both thinking --
dialog: how good it'd be for us if he were
dialog: gone. It'd be real sweet for us.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Don't talk about it, Ned. Please
dialog: don't. Talk is dangerous. Sometimes
dialog: it makes things happen, it makes it
dialog: real.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Don't let it scare you. Because he's
dialog: not gonna die. There's nothing wrong
dialog: with him, is there? There's no reason
dialog: to think he's gonna die, is there?
text: Matty shakes her head "no," lays it in his chest again.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: That's right. So we might as well
dialog: forget about it, It's not gonna just
dialog: happen to make things nice for us...
dialog: It won't just happen.
text: Racine lifts her head and kisses her on the mouth.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I'm afraid, Ned.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Maybe that's a smart way to be now,
dialog: Matty. Maybe we both should be.
text: Racine takes a last drag on his cigarette and flicks it
text: out into the fog,
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 43.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: The only thing wrong with your husband
dialog: right now... is us.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - PAY PHONE AT BACK
text: Again, Racine is getting no answer. He gives up, goes
text: back to his seat at the bar.
scene_heading: EXT. TELEPHONE BOOTH - MAIN STREET - DAY
text: Late afternoon. Racine, sportcoat slung over his shoulder,
text: listens to repeated ringing at the other end of his call.
text: He's surprised there's no answer. People drag by, making
text: their way home from work in the heat. Finally, Racine
text: hangs up.
text: Racine comes out of the phone booth. He has nowhere to
text: go. He ambles down the street. A few people say hello.
text: He walks diagonally across the street toward a restaurant
dialog: called "Tulio's."
scene_heading: INT. TULIO'S RESTAURANT - DUSK
text: The best restaurant in Miranda Beach. Racine slips on
text: his jacket as he comes in the door. He waves to the
text: Hostess across the dining room, indicating he'll be alone
text: tonight. She signals a short wait. He steps toward the
text: bar, bringing him suddenly face to face with Matty.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Well, well. Hello to you --
text: The panic which shoots across her face, cuts him off in
text: mid-sentence, a split second before EDMUND WALKER appears
text: behind her. Matty's face goes calm and she smiles
dialog: politely.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (to Racine)
dialog: Hello.
text: She turns to her husband. He is not what Racine expected.
text: He may, in fact, be mean, as Matty described him, but he
text: looks neither small nor weak. A handsome man, he is bigger
text: than Racine and in terrific shape. Dressed in an expensive
text: summer suit, he radiates vigor and controlled physical
text: power. He wears sleek, metal-framed glasses.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Darling, I'd like you to meet Mr.
dialog: Racine. I'm sorry. I don't know your
dialog: first name.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Ned.
text: He offers his hand and Walker encloses it firmly in his.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 44.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Edmund Walker. Nice to meet you.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Mr. Racine is the lawyer I told you
dialog: about.
dialog: (Walker doesn't
dialog: remember)
dialog: You remember. He had a client who
dialog: wanted to buy the house. I told him
dialog: we weren't selling.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: That hasn't changed, has it?
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: No, we're very happy with it.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (nods)
dialog: I can understand that. It's a
dialog: terrific place.
text: Walker nods, looking at Racine carefully. He motions
text: toward the dining room.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Are you going in?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I was just going to grab a bite.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Join us.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: No. Thanks very much, but I don't
dialog: want to interfere with --
text: The Hostess has come toward them.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Don't be silly. Come on.
dialog: (to Hostess)
dialog: We have room for three, don't we?
text: The Hostess nods and leads the way. Walker gestures Matty
text: ahead, then puts a big hand behind Racine's elbow and
text: ushers him into the dining room.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: I've heard this place is great. But
dialog: you can't get near it on the weekends
dialog: and I don't get down during the week
dialog: much.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 45.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Is that right?
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
speaker_heading: LATER
text: They have finished their salad at a table toward the back.
text: A Waiter comes and takes away their dishes. Walker has
text: taken off his glasses and is cleaning the lenses with a
dialog: lovely handkerchief. He does this cleaning with enormous
text: care and inordinate relish. His manner is a mix of gruff
dialog: charm and hinted menace. There's something dangerous
text: about the man and it's perfectly distilled in his smile,
text: which is quick, frequent and vaguely threatening.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: I was a lawyer. Still am, I guess.
dialog: But I don't practice. Went to
dialog: Columbia. You?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: F. S. U.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Good school. I got bored with it
dialog: quick. I guess I didn't have the
dialog: temperament. I wanted to make the
dialog: money faster. Is there a living in
dialog: it here?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I can afford to send my shirts out.
dialog: And eat here once a month, if I don't
dialog: order an appetizer.
text: Walker smiles, re-folds his handkerchief carefully and
text: puts it back in the cheat pocket of his jacket.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: I figured an honest lawyer doesn't
dialog: make much and the other kind was too
dialog: slimy for me. I'd rather be upfront
dialog: about shafting somebody.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Edmund, really. It's Mr. Racine's
dialog: profession.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: That's all right. I don't like it
dialog: much.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: What's to like. That's the way of
dialog: the world. Most people despise their
dialog: jobs.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 46.
text: Walker picks up a wine bottle and pours more into each of
text: their glasses, emptying it.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Do you?
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: No. I love it. But it's not a job.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: What is it, exactly?
text: Walker signals to a distant Waiter for another bottle of
text: wine. He does it with a small flick of his finger.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Various things. This and that.
dialog: Here and there.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: You don't have to be specific.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: (that smile again)
dialog: Finance, basically. Venture capital,
dialog: Investments, real estate. We're
dialog: into a few things.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Yeah? Around here?
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Some. We own some things here.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Edmund's company owns The Breakers.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Is that right?
text: For a second, Walker's eyes flick over Matty like a whip.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: It's not that simple. We have an
dialog: interest in a few places along the
dialog: shore. For the land. You know.
dialog: Someday. There's no explaining it
text: to her.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (to Racine)
dialog: I'm too dumb. Woman, you know.
text: She picks up her purse and stands up with a good-humored
text: smile. The men rise.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I'll be right back.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 47.
dialog: Then maybe we can talk about pantyhose or something
dialog: interesting.
text: She walks away. Walker watches her go with a satisfied,
text: possessive grin. They sit.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: She's something, isn't she?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (nods)
dialog: A lovely lady.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Yes, she is. I'm crazy about her.
dialog: If I ever thought she was seeing
dialog: another guy... I don't know.
text: (he takes a sip of
dialog: wine)
dialog: I'd understand how it could happen.
dialog: Her being the way she is. I'd
dialog: understand it. But I think I'd kill
text: the guy with my bare hands.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: That's understanding.
text: Walker looks at Racine and laughs. As he begins to speak,
text: he focuses intently on Racine. He seems to be trying to
text: communicate something other than what he's saying.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: You wouldn't believe the dorkus she
dialog: was with when I met her. The guy
dialog: came to us with a business
dialog: proposition. We're always looking
dialog: for opportunities. If the conditions
dialog: are right. We're willing to take an
dialog: occasional risk, if the downside
dialog: isn't too steep. But this guy hadn't
dialog: done his homework, he didn't know
dialog: the bottom line. That's how I knew
dialog: he was full of shit. You've got to
dialog: know the bottom line. That's all
dialog: that really counts.
text: Again Walker takes off his glasses. He holds them up to
text: the light and then rubs them again with his handkerchief.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: He didn't have the goods, this guy.
dialog: He was like a lot of guys you run
dialog: into -- they want to get rich, they
dialog: want to do it quick, they want to be
dialog: there with one score.
text: He puts his glasses back on, stares at Racine.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 48.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: But they're not willing to do what's
dialog: necessary. Do you know what I mean?
text: Racine looks at him in silence for a moment.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I'm not sure. You mean, lay the
dialog: groundwork? Earn it?
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: No. I mean do what's necessary.
dialog: Whatever's necessary.
text: The two men stare at each other a few beats.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Yeah. I know that kind of guy. I
dialog: can't stand that. It makes me sick.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I'm not like that.
text: Walker ROARS with laughter. A huge, powerful burst that
text: shakes the table. And Racine laughs with him.
scene_heading: EXT. WALKER HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Matty's bedroom window, from a distance. The light goes
text: out, Racine is watching from the shadows of the gazebo.
text: He stares up there. The TINKLING of the wind chimes rises
text: and rises. It crests and begins to fade, replaced by the
speaker_heading: WHOOSHING.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAWN
text: Racine runs south along the beach. The WHOOSHING slows.
text: He is looking at something. He takes out his cigarettes
text: as he slows to a walk. When he is directly across from
text: what he's staring at, he sits in the sand, He lights up.
text: RACINE'S POV - "THE BREAKERS," an ancient wooden beach
text: hotel, of medium size, sits at the edge of the beach. It
text: is closed down, boarded up, deteriorating horribly in the
text: ocean air.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - DAY
text: Lunchtime. Racine is headed toward his office, briefcase
text: in hand. Beverly appears out of the noon crush; she's
text: going the other way in a hurry.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: There are some messages on your desk.
dialog: Be back in an hour. Got to run.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 49.
scene_heading: INT. RACINE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Racine comes into the reception room from the hall. He's
text: surprised the door is unlocked. He crosses the room and
text: opens the door to his office.
text: Matty is sitting in one of the chairs in front of his
text: desk. She jumps up at the sight of him and moves up to
dialog: embrace him.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Jesus! Did Beverly see you?
text: Matty kisses him on the mouth, then shakes her head "no."
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I waited till I saw her leave. Please
dialog: don't be angry with me.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Angry? I'm not angry -- How'd you
dialog: get in?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: It didn't lock. Oh. Ned, hold me.
dialog: Please just hold me, God, I love
dialog: you.
text: Racine reaches over and locks the door to his office.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: He left this morning. I had to see
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (kissing her)
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I couldn't call. I'm afraid to call.
dialog: I was afraid you wouldn't let me
dialog: come.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Yes, that's right. You can't call.
dialog: Never call. We have to be very
dialog: careful now about the phone. The
dialog: phone company keeps records.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I'm careful. I hated it, Ned. I
dialog: hated sitting there with the two of
dialog: you. I thought I was going to scream.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 50.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (distracted,
dialog: thinking)
dialog: You did good.
dialog: (finds his thought)
dialog: You've called my apartment from the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: No, never.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: No? Those two times --
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I went to phone booths. I'm afraid
dialog: of him, Ned. I'm always afraid.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: That's good. We have to be careful
dialog: about the phones now.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Why, Ned, why do you say this now?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (in his own thoughts)
dialog: We could account for a couple calls.
dialog: We've had some contact. That would
dialog: make sense.
text: Matty grasps his face in her hands and looks into his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Why, Ned? What's happened?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Because we're going to kill him. We
dialog: both know that.
text: Matty's face looks different than we've seen it. There's
text: a fire burning behind there and the heat it's throwing is
text: bringing her equal portions of dread and relief. She
text: stares at him,
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: That's what you want, isn't it? We
dialog: knew it was coming. It's the only
dialog: way we can get everything we want,
dialog: isn't it?
text: Matty's nod is barely perceptible.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: The man's gonna die for no reason
dialog: but we want him dead.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 51.
speaker_heading: RACINE (CONT'D)
dialog: He doesn't deserve it. Let's not
dialog: ever say that. We're doing it for
dialog: us. And you're going to inherit
dialog: half of everything he owns. That's
dialog: what the will says, right?
text: Again, the tiny nod. He pulls her head close, so he
text: doesn't have to look into her eyes anymore.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: That's it then. We're gonna kill
dialog: him. And I think I know how.
text: Matty reacts to this.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: It's real, then?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Yeah, it's real all right, and if
dialog: we're not careful, it's gonna be the
dialog: last real thing we do.
scene_heading: EXT. FISHING HARBOR - STREET ACROSS FROM DOCKS - NIGHT
text: Matty sits at the wheel of her Mercedes at the curb. She
text: smokes her cigarette nervously. Racine walks over to the
text: car from the docks and leans down to the window.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I know where he is. It's not far
dialog: from here. I don't want you with
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I thought we settled that. I'll
dialog: wait in the car, but --
text: (she puts a hand
dialog: on him)
dialog: -- I want to take the risks with
dialog: you. We're both doing this.
text: Racine gives her a look of resignation and moves around
dialog: the car.
scene_heading: INT. TEDDY LAURSEN'S WORKSHOP - NIGHT
text: TEDDY LAURSEN, rock'n roll arsonist, is keeping the beat
text: and mouthing the words along with the Bruce Springsteen
text: tape on his workbench. Teddy is in his mid-twenties,
text: dressed in a black T-shirt and jeans. His arson workshop
text: is located in the basement of an old building. All around
text: him are the tools and supplies of his trade: wire, rope,
text: cans, vises, alarm clocks, chemical containers, and a
text: huge assortment of mechanical implements. He keeps all
text: his small accessories in dozens of cigar boxes, unlabeled.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 52.
text: He knows where everything Is. Teddy is watching Racine,
text: who is kneeling on the floor before a compact incendiary
text: device. Teddy winces at the way Racine clips two wires
text: together. He reaches over to turn down the tape slightly,
text: then squats down next to Racine to demonstrate the proper
dialog: method.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Whatsa matter, you can't think with
dialog: a little music?
dialog: (demonstrating)
dialog: Like this, I said.
text: Racine nods then duplicates the clipping. Teddy goes
text: back to his stool, slapping the beat of the music on his
text: thigh. Racine pulls out the alarm lever on the clock
text: attached to the device and stands up. He throws a look
text: to Teddy and Teddy nods that, yes, the device is now set.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: That's it?
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: (nods to the music)
text: It's fast. It's hot. It's simple.
dialog: You can use the clock or rig it to
text: something that moves. It starts big
dialog: and it'll go with just the mag clips.
dialog: If you want more, splash a little
text: accelerator around.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Just regular gasoline?
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Regular, unleaded, supreme -- whatever
dialog: you like, counselor. I got to tell
dialog: you, though, this mama has a big
dialog: drawback.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: It's easy to spot, even after the
dialog: meltdown. They'll know it's arson.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I don't care about that.
dialog: (looks at Teddy)
dialog: That's all there is to it?
text: Teddy is offended.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: No. No-no-no-no. That ain't all
dialog: there is to it.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 53.
speaker_heading: TEDDY (CONT'D)
dialog: You gotta get in, you gotta get out.
dialog: You gotta pick the right spot and
dialog: the right time. And you gotta try
dialog: not to get famous while you're in
dialog: the act.
dialog: (gestures at the
dialog: device)
dialog: If that was all there was to it, any
dialog: idiot could do it.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Hey, now I want to ask you something,
dialog: Are you listening, asshole, because
dialog: I like you?
dialog: (Racine nods)
dialog: I got a serious question for you.
dialog: What the fuck are you doing? This
dialog: is not shit for you to be messing
dialog: with. Are you ready to hear
dialog: something? See if this sounds
dialog: familiar. Anytime you try a decent
dialog: crime, there is fifty ways to fuck
dialog: up. If you think of twenty-five of
dialog: them you're a genius. And you're no
dialog: genius. You know who told me that?
text: Racine remembers telling Teddy that.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Listen, man, maybe you should let me
dialog: do it for you. Gratis. I'll do it.
dialog: I wouldn't even be on the street if
dialog: it weren't for you.
text: Racine looks him over, shakes his head "no."
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: I hope you know what you're doin'
dialog: you better be pretty damn sure about
dialog: it. If you ain't sure, don't do it.
dialog: Of course, that's my recommendation
dialog: anyway -- don't do it.
text: (he puts a hand on
dialog: Racine's shoulder)
dialog: Because I tell you, Counselor, this
dialog: arson, this is serious crime.
text: Racine looks at him.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 54.
scene_heading: INT. ENCLOSED SIDE VERANDAH - WALKER HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Racine sits smoking, watching Matty fill their tall
text: highball glasses with ice at the bar.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I don't know why he's so crazy about
dialog: her. Maybe because he never had any
dialog: of his own. She's a cute little
dialog: girl, all right, but other than
dialog: that... I know this, though, her
dialog: mother has worked plenty hard to
dialog: keep Heather on Edmund's mind, Always
dialog: bringing her around, reporting
dialog: everything she does in school. That
dialog: Roz is a smart one. And you know
dialog: that anything Heather inherits goes
dialog: straight to Roz. Heather won't even
dialog: get a look at it. That's the part I
dialog: can't stand. That's why it seems so
dialog: wrong to have half of it go to her.
text: She hands him his glass and stands next to him, her hand
text: playing with his hair.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: That's the way it is. There's nothing
dialog: we can do about it.
text: She kneels beside him.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Are you sure, Ned? I've been thinking
dialog: about it. Maybe there is. The will
dialog: is with his lawyer in Miami I know
dialog: that. What if I could get him to
dialog: bring it home? He did it once, he'd
dialog: do it again. If I could swing it,
dialog: couldn't we rewrite it? Change it.
dialog: Then when he dies, I could find the
dialog: new one. We could just change it a
dialog: little. Every little change would
dialog: mean a lot to us, End. You're a
dialog: lawyer. You know how to write it.
dialog: It wouldn't seem so odd. I could
dialog: say he brought it home and we talked
dialog: about it and decided to make some
dialog: changes up here. And I knew you
dialog: already --
text: Racine is shaking his head.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: No. Forget it.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I just don't see why Heather should
dialog: take half --
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 55.
text: Racine puts down his drink and turns to look down at her.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Listen to me, Matty. Nothing strange
dialog: can happen in his life right now,
dialog: not one thing out of the ordinary.
dialog: That's vital, that's the main thing.
dialog: If anything does, the chances double
dialog: that we get caught. You and I are
text: walking out there on the edge every
dialog: second now. One false move and we're
dialog: gonna fall off. It'll be all over.
dialog: You've got to remember that all the
dialog: time.
dialog: (he studies her
dialog: face)
dialog: You'll get half of everything and
dialog: it'll be plenty. No matter what it
dialog: is, we're gonna be satisfied. We're
dialog: not gonna get greedy. If we do,
dialog: we'll get burned. You gotta believe
dialog: me, baby, the odds that we'll get
dialog: burned are good enough without looking
dialog: for trouble.
text: She studies him with frightened eyes, then nods her
text: agreement and lays her hand in his lap.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: You're right, darling. I'm sorry.
dialog: I know you're right.
scene_heading: EXT. "THE BREAKERS" - NIGHT
text: Middle of the night. No one in sight. Now comes the only
text: movement -- a Miranda Beach Police Patrol Car drives slowly
text: up the street next to the old hotel and turns south on
text: Ocean Avenue. When it is gone, all is dead again.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BEACH - NIGHT
text: Racine has watched the patrol car from the darkness of
text: the beach. Now he sits in the sand again, his back against
text: the raised bank of sand on which he runs. He lights a
text: flashlight and makes a notation in a small notepad.
scene_heading: INT. "THE BREAKERS" - NIGHT
text: Racine's footsteps creak through the blackness. Then his
text: flashlight reveals a corridor in the crumbling basement
text: of the old hotel. Racine is not the first to have violated
text: the premises -- scattered about are beer cans, whiskey
text: bottles, beds made of newspapers, the remains of food.
text: Rats CHITTER and scamper in the shadows. A lizard scoots
text: over the pipes.
text: Racine goes through a doorway and is in what used to be a
text: supply area at the bottom of a stairway.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 56.
text: Scattered about are empty wooden food crates. The walls
text: are lined with tall wooden shelves; one of these units is
text: tipped over across the room, Racine shines his light in
text: that direction and sees what caused the shelves to fall.
text: One of the beams which cross the ceiling has rotted loose
text: and dropped one end to the floor.
dialog: Racine has found what he wanted.
scene_heading: EXT. WALKER HOUSE - PARKING AREA - MIGHT
text: We're CLOSE ON RACINE'S WATCH; it reads 2:30.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Okay. Gotta go.
text: Racine, at the wheel of the Stingray is looking at his
text: watch. Matty is leaning down to the window dressed only
text: in a robe.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Be careful.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I'm just going for a ride. I wish
dialog: it was all this dangerous.
text: She kisses him deeply.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I love you.
text: He looks at his watch again and pulls away. Matty stands
dialog: watching.
scene_heading: EXT. FROM PINEHAVEN TO "THE BREAKERS" - SERIES OF SHOTS -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Racine drives his murder route. The roads are almost
text: totally deserted. Intermittently he passes signs welcoming
text: him to the towns as he travels south.
text: A. The first stretch of his trip, Racine travels on a
text: deserted back road with overhanging trees. A Teenage
text: Hotrodder passes him and he is alone again. As he turns
text: off the road, he checks his watch.
text: B. He drives through a neighborhood of neat houses. No
dialog: life.
text: C. He turns onto a four line interstate. More traffic
text: here -- long haul truckers, late night drinkers.
text: D. He drives across a graceful drawbridge, rimmed by
text: lights, over a canal.
text: E. He drives toward the ocean beside a pretty lake in a
text: park. A patrol car passes the other way. Racine checks
dialog: his watch.
text: F. At "The Breakers." Racine follows the same path as
text: the police car he'd watched.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 57.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTY JAIL - CORRIDOR OUTSIDE VISITING ROOM - DAY
text: A seedy-looking Thief is brought out of the visiting room
text: by a Uniformed Deputy, followed by Racine, briefcase in
text: hand. Racine shakes the Thief's hand. The Deputy leads
text: the Thief away down the hall. Racine glances at his
text: departing client, then heads in the other direction.
text: Before he has gone too far a heavy, metal, barred door at
text: the other end swallows up the Thief with a piercing CLANG!
text: Racine jumps. He puts a hand against the wall.
scene_heading: INT. BED - MATTY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Racine and Matty, just their heads on one pillow, inches
text: apart. They look at each other in silence. Finally --
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: MATTY
text: The side door.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: MATTY
text: Two A.M. I send him down.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: We won't talk again after I leave
dialog: here tonight. I'll be in Miami by
dialog: noon Friday. You won't be able to
dialog: reach me. When I see you again,
dialog: he'll be dead.
text: Matty nods. She begins to cry. Racine touches her.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I'm so frightened.
dialog: So is Racine.
scene_heading: INT. RACINE'S STINGRAY - INTERSTATE 95 - DAY
text: Racine looks off to his left. Miami rises out of the
text: flat horizon.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE 95 - DAY
text: The red Stingray whips off the Interstate toward the
text: skyscrapers of Miami.
scene_heading: EXT. BUDGET RENT-A-CAR OFFICE - DAY
text: Racine, on foot now, comes down the sidewalk and enters
dialog: the office.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 58.
scene_heading: INT. WALKER HOUSE - DAY
text: Matty unlocks the door side of the house. She tests it
text: once from the outside.
scene_heading: EXT. EMPTY LOT - MIAMI - DAY
text: A Real Estate Agent leans against his car reading a
text: newspaper at the front of a huge, empty lot beneath a
text: causeway. There's a big "For Sale" sign up.
text: Racine pulls up in the Stingray. The Real Estate Agent
text: throws his paper in his car and goes over to shake hands
text: with Racine. They turn to look at the lot.
scene_heading: EXT. ENTRANCE - SHERATON HOTEL (MIAMI) - DAY
text: Racine pulls up in the Stingray. He takes an overnight
text: bag from the car and goes inside as a Parking Attendant
text: wheels the Stingray into an underground garage.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT TERRACE - WALKER HOUSE - DAY
text: Matty sits on the porch drinking a highball. She stubs
text: out another cigarette in the overflowing ashtray and looks
text: at her watch. Her foot swings nervously.
scene_heading: EXT. ROUTE ALA - NEXT TO BEACH - DUSK
text: Edmund Walker's big white Cadillac zips north.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT DESK - SHERATON HOTEL (MIAMI) - NIGHT
text: Racine jokes with the female clerk at the desk. She likes
dialog: him; she'll remember him.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR WINDOWS - WALKER HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Matty watches the lights of Edmund's Cadillac come up the
dialog: drive.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT TERRACE - WALKER HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Matty comes to the end of the porch, a big, welcoming
text: smile on her face.
text: Edmund is getting out the driver's side.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Hello, sweetheart. Have I got a
dialog: nice present for you.
text: The passenger door of the Cadillac swings open. Pretty
text: nine-year-old HEATHER KRAFT pops out with a grin.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: Hi, Aunt Matty!
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 59.
text: Matty's smile fades for an instant, but she manages to
dialog: put it back.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Heather. What a surprise.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - WALKER HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Matty, Edmund and Heather have a late dinner. Edmund and
text: Heather joke together, Matty joins in.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - SHERATON HOTEL (MIAMI) - NIGHT
text: A "DO NOT DISTURB" sign is still swinging on Racine's
text: hotel room door as he slips into the stairwell at the end
dialog: of the hall.
scene_heading: INT. SIDE DOOR - WALKER HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Matty appears, quickly looks and tests the door, then
text: hurries away.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE STREET - MIAMI - NIGHT
text: Racine unlocks a rented, gray Oldsmobile and gets in.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR HALLWAY - WALKER HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Through an open door, Edmund can be seen kissing Heather
text: goodnight in the guest room. He gets up, comes to the
text: door and switches off her light. He starts to close her
text: door, but she speaks to him. He nods and leaves the door
text: half open.
scene_heading: INT. RACINE'S RENTED OLDSMOBILE (INSERT CU) - NIGHT
text: Racine's face, intermittently lit by the road lights, is
text: set, intense. We MOVE IN on it and --
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MATTY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Matty's face, her head on a pillow, turned away from her
text: husband, away from the bedroom door. Her look is just as
text: intense as Racine's. Her eyes are focused on -
text: An alarm clock on the nightstand -- 1:15.
text: There is the SOUND of a car somewhere outside and Matty
text: reacts to it silently. She listens with her whole being.
text: The wind chimes TINKLE.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE DOOR - WALKER HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Racine's hand takes hold of the doorknob. He tries it. It
dialog: won't open.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 60.
text: Racine's face. Puzzled. He gives an irritated glance
text: upward. Then he moves along the wall.
scene_heading: INT. MATTY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: The alarm clock -- 1:42.
text: Matty watches. Matty listens. She tries to confirm that
text: Walker is sleeping without looking there. Matty begins to
text: move her legs slowly toward the side of the bed, to get
dialog: out.
text: Suddenly, the bed lurches. Matty gasps and whips her head
text: around to look. Edmund is standing next to his side of
text: the bed in his undershorts. He puts on his glasses and
text: looks at her.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Jesus, take it easy. I thought I
dialog: was tense.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: I can't sleep. I'm going down and
dialog: get something to drink.
text: Matty watches with panicky eyes as Edmund moves toward
text: door. When she speaks, her voice is different, husky.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Edmund.
text: He turns to look at her. She moves once on the bed,
text: languidly.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I can't sleep, either.
text: He peers at her in the darkness.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Lock the door, darling.
text: Edmund studies her, then walks over and locks the door.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MATTY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Edmund's alarm clock - 2:05. Edmund rolls into view, his
text: breath ragged. Matty's hand is on his chest.
text: Edmund looks at her and laughs.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: You trying to kill me?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 61.
text: Matty, flat on her back, smiles weakly and looks at the
text: ceiling. Again, the mattress moves. She looks at Edmund.
text: He has pulled on his shorts and is walking toward the
dialog: bathroom.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: I'm going downstairs. Do you want
dialog: anything?
text: He disappears into the bathroom. Matty slips out of bed.
text: She is wearing a silky nightgown. She hurries to the
text: bedroom door.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (calling softly to
dialog: him)
dialog: I'll go down with you.
text: She opens the door and steps into the hall.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR HALL - NIGHT
text: Matty looks across the hall toward the open door to the
text: guest room; it is dark. She hurries to the stairs, peering
text: down into the darkness. She starts down the steps.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST FLOOR HALL - NIGHT
text: MATTY'S POV as she comes down the steps. Each shadow,
text: doorway, and alcove threatens to erupt with life.
text: Matty reaches the bottom of the stairs and peers around.
text: She starts back along the dark hall of the house just as
text: Edmund comes out of the bedroom upstairs; he is still in
text: his undershorts. He reaches the top of the stairs as Matty
text: moves back along the hall. The alcove under the stairs is
text: in black shadow. Matty is focused on it.
text: Just as she reaches it, the lights in the hall snap on.
text: Racine is standing under the stairs, poised to strike the
text: figure in the hall with a heavy wooden plank about two
text: feet long. Matty gasps at the sight, but it is covered by --
speaker_heading: WALKER
text: (at the top of the
dialog: stairs)
dialog: Christ, woman, did you ever hear of
dialog: turning on the lights?
text: Racine doesn't breathe. Matty is frozen in the spot,
text: directly in front of Racine and five feet below Edmund,
text: who now starts down the steps.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Edmund... wait!
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 62.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: (stops)
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (whispering up at
dialog: him)
dialog: Put on a robe or something. What if
text: Heather wakes up and comes down.
text: Edmund frowns, goes back up the stairs.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: (grumbling)
dialog: Damn. She's not going to wake up at
dialog: 2 o'clock in the morning...
text: Racine and Matty lock eyes. Racine slips back through
text: the alcove door.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING AREA - WALKER HOUSE - DAY
text: Matty watches Heather give Edmund a big goodbye kiss and
text: run off to talk to Betty, the Walker's Housekeeper, who
text: is sweeping the front terrace. Edmund gets in the
text: Cadillac. Matty leans down and kisses him goodbye.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: You don't really mind, do you?
dialog: (Matty shakes her
dialog: head)
dialog: Roz will pick her up on Friday. And
dialog: don't worry, Roz won't stay overnight.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: She can do whatever she wants.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: (gives her a
dialog: skeptical look)
dialog: Listen, I don't know if I'll be able
dialog: to come up next weekend. I'll know
dialog: more later. I'll call you.
text: He gives her a once-over, proprietary look and drives
text: away, honking once to Heather, who waves.
scene_heading: HEATHER'S STAY/RACINE'S WEEK - SERIES OF SHOTS
text: A. Matty sits on the dock dangling her feet in the water
text: as Heather plays in an inner tube.
text: B. Racine stands at his office window, staring down at
text: the traffic on Main Street. He wipes the sweat from his
text: brow with his finger.
text: C. At night, Matty comes upstairs with a highball in her
text: hand. She pauses and looks across the hall to the half-
text: open door of the guest room. There is just blackness
text: there; no way to know if Heather is asleep or watching.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 63.
text: Matty goes out the hall door to the verandah and sits
text: down with her drink. The wind chimes TINKLE.
text: D. At night, Racine runs sweating along the Boardwalk,
text: footsteps THUMPING.
text: E. Daytime. Matty is in a phone booth in a gas station,
text: speaking urgently. She hangs up.
text: F. In his office, Racine hangs up, disgruntled. His
text: feet up on his desk, he has been toying with the fedora
text: Matty gave him. Now he sails it across the office at the
text: hook of a coatstand. It hits and bounces off onto the
text: floor. Racine gets up, walks over and picks it up. He
text: walks away from the coatstand, then turns and floats the
text: hat through the air to land on the hook. From his new
text: position, he can see out into the reception area. Beverly
text: is working at her desk. Racine watches her small
text: movements. Beverly looks up and sees him.
text: G. Evening. Heather is happily watching television in
text: the enclosed side verandah in the Walker house. Matty is
text: in a big chair. She watches Heather, not the television.
text: She puts a cigarette in her mouth then reaches out to
text: strike a wooden match against the rough surface of the
text: porcelain match holder. As it bursts into flame, it
dialog: becomes --
text: H. The flame at the end of Racine's match. He is drinking
text: alone at a bar and now lights another cigarette.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT TERRACE - WALKER HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Matty comes out. She's wearing a light, simple shift.
text: She walks over to a small table and begins putting some
text: dirty dishes and glasses on a small tray. Suddenly, Racine
text: takes her into his arms from behind. She GASPS in terror;
text: he turns her to him. He is wearing only cut-off blue
text: jean shorts and his body is wet, glistening. His hair is
text: soaking, slicked straight back. He looks different. She
text: sees who it is and kisses him deeply. They whisper --
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: My God, you scared me. You shouldn't
dialog: be here. Heather's still here.
text: She's upstairs.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: -- Asleep.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I miss you so badly. But it's too
dialog: dangerous.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: She won't wake up now.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: You're all wet.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 64.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I've been out there waiting for two
dialog: hours.
speaker_heading: HEATHER (O.S.)
dialog: (sleepy)
dialog: Aunt Matty?
text: The door from the house squeaks open and Heather puts one
text: foot onto the porch; she looks only half-awake as she
text: peers into the gloom. Racine has turned at the SOUND and
text: for one moment he is sideways to her, his head turned in
dialog: her direction.
text: Heather's eyes suddenly discern the scene. Racine turns
text: away at the same instant that Heather stumbles backwards
text: through the door and out of sight. Heather's FOOTSTEPS
text: patter swiftly away.
text: Matty and Racine look at each other.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR HALL - NIGHT
text: Matty comes up the stairs and looks toward the guest room.
text: The door is closed.
scene_heading: INT. TERRACE BREAKFAST AREA - WALKER HOUSE - DAY
text: Morning. Matty sits with coffee and toast at the table.
text: The Walker's Housekeeper moves about in the kitchen.
text: Heather comes in and takes her place opposite Matty. She
text: seems perfectly normal. But she doesn't look Matty in
dialog: the eye.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: Good morning, Aunt Matty.
dialog: (to the Housekeeper)
dialog: Hi, Betty.
text: Matty watches over her coffee as Heather butters a muffin.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: Is there any more of that strawberry
dialog: stuff?
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING AREA - WALKER HOUSE - DAY
text: ROZ KRAFT, Edmund Walker's sister, closes the passenger
text: door of her station wagon behind Heather. Matty stands
dialog: nearby.
speaker_heading: ROZ
dialog: What do you say?
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: I did.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 65.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: She did.
text: Roz gives Heather a look.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: Thank you, Aunt Matty.
text: Roz walks around the car and gets in.
speaker_heading: ROZ
dialog: Thanks, Matty. We appreciate it.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Any time, Roz. She's a pleasure.
text: Roz smiles, waves and pulls away. Matty watches them go,
dialog: worried.
scene_heading: INT. RACINE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: The lights are out. There's enough moonlight pouring in
text: the open windows to see Racine sitting on the bed in his
text: shorts, his back propped against some pillows at the
text: headboard. A fan WHIRS on a table. He lights another
text: cigarette and takes another drink; a bottle of bourbon
text: sits on his nightstand. From where he sits, he can see
text: the ocean. There is a KNOCK at the door.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: MATTY (O.S.)
dialog: It is me.
speaker_heading: RACINE
text: It's open.
text: Matty comes in. She peers into the darkness until she
text: sees him. She locks the door and turns to face him. She
text: is dressed in a pale silk suit and blouse, very carefully
text: put together. She looks as good as she ever has; she
text: seems to create her own light.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Why haven't you answered your phone?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: You took a chance coming here.
dialog: Where's Edmund?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: He's not coming up this weekend.
dialog: Why haven't you answered?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I didn't want to talk. I just wanted
dialog: to think.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 66.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (nods; then, after
dialog: a moment)
dialog: Can I get in with you?
text: Racine just stares at her.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I don't know what Heather will tell
dialog: Roz. Maybe nothing. Maybe she'll
dialog: be embarrassed or afraid. Maybe
dialog: she'll think she imagined the whole
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (chuckles without
dialog: humor)
dialog: Maybe we all did.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: We'll know if she does tell. Roz
dialog: will report to Edmund quick enough.
dialog: It's exactly what she's always wanted.
text: Matty disappears for a moment into the shadows.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I've been thinking, too.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: And what have you got?
text: Matty emerges from the darkness and sits on the edge of
text: the bed next to Racine. She looks into his eyes.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I think we should give it up. We
dialog: haven't done anything criminal, yet.
text: Racine has been thinking along the same lines. He stubs
text: out his cigarette.
speaker_heading: RACINE
text: It's not too late to back out.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: That's right. I don't think we can
dialog: do it.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Things have already started to go
dialog: wrong. I feel like we got to the
dialog: edge and looked over and, well, it
dialog: was too much. We'll just have to
dialog: live with that.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 67.
text: She sits down on the bed.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I'll divorce him. And we won't have
dialog: his money. Part of me wants it so
dialog: bad. I'd be lying if I said I didn't.
dialog: But it's the worst part of me, the
dialog: weakest part.
text: She leans back against him.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: All that matters is that we're
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: You don't think I can pull it off.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: It's not you, it's us. I'm sure
dialog: I'll make some mistake.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: That's not what you really mean, is
dialog: it, Matty?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Yes it is.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (very calm, flat)
dialog: No, it isn't. You think he's too
dialog: much for me. You think I'll fuck it
dialog: up, get us caught.
text: Matty turns toward him.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: No, darling. Don't talk that way.
dialog: It's not true.
text: Racine studies her face.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: No? Well that's what I've been
dialog: thinking.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: You're wrong. Don't think that,
dialog: ever! I know you could do it.
dialog: (moving closer)
dialog: But all I care about is you. The
dialog: money doesn't matter.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: It does in this world, the one we're
dialog: living in.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 68.
text: Matty presses her head against his chest.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Why torture ourselves about it?
text: Racine laughs; he doesn't know what's funny.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: When's he coming back?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Friday.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: That'll be it, then. Nothing will
dialog: stop us.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Is that what you really want? Are
dialog: you sure?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Yeah. I wasn't before, but I am
dialog: now.
text: Racine reaches over her, gets another cigarette and lights
text: it. After he takes a deep drag, she takes it from him
text: and takes a puff too.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: This time you're going to know how
dialog: to reach me. I don't want any more
dialog: surprises.
scene_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - MIAMI - DAY
text: Racine locks up a rented Ford on a side street and walks
text: back two cars to where his Stingray is parked. As he
text: bends to unlock the Stingray, he looks around and a passing
text: car catches his attention.
text: RACINE'S POV, PANNING with the car as it drives by him.
dialog: There is only one thing extraordinary about this particular
text: car. The driver, hunched and intent on the road ahead,
text: is a Clown, in full costume and makeup.
text: Racine watches as the car disappears. For a moment, Racine
text: looks like a dead man.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BATHROOM - WALKER HOUSE - DAY
text: Matty is reclining in the soapy water, slowly scrubbing.
text: She HUMS to herself.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 69.
scene_heading: EXT. HILTON HOTEL - MIAMI - DUSK
text: A Parking Attendant takes Racine's Stingray, as Racine
text: goes into the lobby.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT TERRACE - WALKER HOUSE - DUSK
text: Matty is leaning against one of the posts that flank the
text: porch stairs. Headlights pass across the front of the
text: house and Matty's body. She smiles a welcoming smile to
text: the unseen Edmund.
scene_heading: EXT. TWO-LANE HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: A light fog is settling into the dips of the road. Now
text: Racine's rented Ford appears out of one such depression
text: and moves into a clear stretch.
scene_heading: INT. RACINE'S RENTED FORD - NIGHT
text: Racine eyes the fog with concern.
scene_heading: EXT. WALKER HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The FOG is much heavier here. It rolls in past the house
text: in thick waves. The only light burning is on the front
text: porch. The wind Chimes TINKLE softly.
scene_heading: EXT. SECOND FLOOR PORCH - NIGHT
text: The wind chimes TINKLE, nudged by the same breeze that
text: floats the FOG around them.
scene_heading: INT. MATTY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: The alarm clock -- 1:50.
text: Again, Matty lies on her side, turned away from Edmund,
text: eyes wide, watching the clock. Again, the bed moves
text: suddenly! Matty rolls over to look.
text: Edmund is sitting up in bed, putting on his glasses.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: What's wrong?
text: Edmund motions for her to be silent.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I think there's someone downstairs I
dialog: heard something.
text: He swings out of bed; he is in his undershorts.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Are you sure?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 70.
text: Again he silences her. He walks silently over to his.
text: closet and disappears inside.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Should I call the police?
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: (low, from the
dialog: closet)
dialog: Will you be quiet? I'm going to
dialog: nail the bastard.
text: Edmund comes out of the closet checking the safety on a
text: shiny nickel-plated .38 revolver.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: Edmund, what's that?
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Will you be quiet?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I've never seen that.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: (at the bedroom
dialog: door)
dialog: I've got a surprise for this fucker.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Edmund, be careful!
text: But he is already out the door, silently. For a moment
text: Matty is frozen, then she slides out of bed.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND FLOOR HALL - NIGHT
text: Edmund has stopped at the top of the stairs. He listens
text: for sounds from below. He starts down the steps in the
text: dark.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - NIGHT
text: Edmund comes slowly down the steps, his gun pointing here,
text: then there in his perfectly steady grip. The thrill of
text: the hunt is in Edmund's eyes. The downstairs is thick
text: with ominous shadows. At the bottom of the steps, he
text: stops and listens again. He moves in two quick steps to
text: the entry hall and looks into the living room and dining
text: room. He seems to hear something at the rear of the house.
text: He turns and moves back along the central hall, very
text: slowly. The alcove under the stairs is pitch black.
text: Edmund points his gun at that approaching space and stops.
text: He listens. The TINKLING of the wind chimes rises weirdly,
text: making it hard for him to hear.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 71.
text: Edmund's hand reaches out to the wall. His fingers find
text: the light switch. He flips it.
text: For a second, we are blinded by the glare. In the next
text: Instant, as we see that the space below the stairs is
text: empty, Matty screams from the top of the stairs --
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: He has a gun!
text: Edmund thinks she is warning him. He spins to look.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Where?
text: Suddenly, Racine bursts from the hall closet, the wooden
text: plank raised above his head. He brings it down fast toward
text: Edmund's head.
text: Edmund reacts instinctively, raising his arm, the arm
text: that holds the gun, to protect himself. The wooden plank
text: smashes down -- half its force taken by Edmund's forearm,
text: half by his head. The gun BLASTS once.
text: One small window in the front door shatters and the bullet
text: continues into the night.
text: Edmund's revolver slides across the hall floor into a
dialog: corner.
text: Edmund is on the floor, blood pouring from his scalp.
text: But he is coming on like a crazed beast. His glasses
text: askew, but still on his head, he has grasped Racine around
text: the legs. With a powerful lunge, he pulls Racine's legs
text: out. Racine crashes to the hall floor, losing the wooden
text: plank.
text: Matty, frozen at the stair railing, cries out.
text: Edmund is pulling Racine toward him with all his might,
text: crawling up Racine's body as they both slide on the wood
text: floor. Edmund reaches out one huge hand, and pulls Racine
text: even closer.
text: Racine puts his left hand into Edmund's face, his thumb
text: flat against the lens of Edmund's glasses and pushes his
text: head back. The glasses fly away and Racine loses his
text: hold. Edmund comes on.
text: Racine's right hand gropes -- gropes -- finds the wooden
text: plank. He swings it up.
text: The wooden plank describes a perfect arc into our view,
text: and then out, finding its mark with a HORRIBLE THUD.
text: Matty, up the stairs, turns away.
text: Racine falls back on the floor.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 72.
scene_heading: EXT. TRUNK OF WALKER'S CADILLAC - NIGHT
text: The trunk is open like a giant maw. A sheet of plastic
text: has been spread across the inside. Edmund's body flops
text: down inside. He has been dressed, his shoes and watch
text: put on. Racine drops the blooded wooden plank beside the
text: body, then throws a blanket over the corpse and slams the
text: trunk. Racine turns to Matty who stands, fully dressed,
text: shaking in the foggy air.
speaker_heading: RACINE
text: The cars at the end of the drive.
dialog: Spend the fifteen minutes cleaning
dialog: up inside, then come. You're gonna
dialog: have to be careful in this fog.
dialog: (he looks at her)
dialog: Are you all right?
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: RACINE
text: Fifteen minutes.
text: Racine gets in the Cadillac and pulls away.
scene_heading: INT. CADILLAC - ON DESERTED BACKROAD - NIGHT
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
text: The first stretch of Racine's route to "The Breakers"
text: looks different in the dense FOG. Racine has to take it
text: slowly.
text: He consults his watch. A branch from one of the
text: overhanging trees looms up abruptly in the windshield,
text: like a grasping arm. Racine flinches.
scene_heading: EXT. NEIGHBORHOOD - NIGHT
text: Racine drives through the silent neighborhood. The houses
text: are invisible in the FOG, their presence indicated only
text: by an occasional glowing light. Suddenly, a police SIREN
text: pierces the night, followed by the appearance of a flashing
text: red light on the street behind the Cadillac.
scene_heading: INT. CADILLAC - NIGHT
text: Racine's eyes jump to the rear view mirror and the flashing
text: red light growing in it. Racine pulls over. The police
text: car slows as it reaches the Cadillac, pulls alongside,
text: and then speeds on ahead, SIREN squealing. A light goes
text: on in the house in front of which Racine has stopped. He
text: pulls away.
scene_heading: EXT. FOUR-LANE INTERSTATE - NIGHT
text: The Cadillac pulls up to the interstate from the side
dialog: street.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 73.
text: As on the other night, there is more traffic here. But
text: it is moving slowly in the FOG.
scene_heading: INT. CADILLAC - NIGHT
text: Racine has to cross two lanes of traffic to go south. He
text: peers out through the misted windshield. He starts to
text: pull out and a sports car appears from nowhere, doing
text: fifty, sitting on his HORN. Racine hits the brakes. As
text: soon as it has passed, there is a lull. Racine fishtails
text: across the road just ahead of a truck and moves south.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. CADILLAC - INTERSTATE - NIGHT
text: The traffic on Racine's side of the interstate has slowed.
text: There's an accident up ahead. The police car that passed
text: Racine is on the scene, but the lone Cop is not enough.
text: Some Passing Motorists have pulled over to help with the
text: wreck and direct traffic. The FOG is aglow with flashing
text: red and white lights and burning flares. A Man signals
text: for Racine to stop. The cars in the opposite lanes are
text: allowed to pass through. Racine keeps his head down.
text: A STOCKY TRUCKER comes out of the glowing FOG and walks
text: up to the Cadillac. He leans down into the driver's
dialog: window.
scene_heading: STOCKY TRUCKER
dialog: Hey, man, do you have any flares?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Uh -- no. I don't think so.
scene_heading: STOCKY TRUCKER
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Could you check your trunk? We got
dialog: kinda of a mess here.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I don't have them. I told you.
text: The Stocky Trucker gives him a disgusted look and stands
dialog: up.
scene_heading: STOCKY TRUCKER
dialog: Don't put yourself out.
text: The Man in the road ahead signals for Racine to pull around
text: into the opposite lanes and move on.
text: TRACKING along beside the Cadillac, Racine moves slowly
text: through the nightmare scene. Figures move by carrying
text: lights and tools. The Injured CRY OUT in pain. Three
text: cars are meshed in crumpled steel. A clutch of Onlookers
text: are outlined against the beams of headlights... Racine
dialog: might as well be driving into Hell.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 74.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE OVER CANAL - NIGHT
text: Here is relief. The Cadillac moves all alone across the
text: bridge. The lights penetrate the FOG at orderly intervals,
text: barely illuminating the bridge. A huge FOG HORN fills
text: the air from not far way.
scene_heading: EXT. "THE BREAKERS" - DELIVERY DRIVEWAY - NIGHT
text: The deserted hotel looms ghostly in the FOG. The Cadillac,
text: lights out, rolls silently to a stop in the half-hidden
text: delivery driveway.
scene_heading: INT. "THE BREAKERS" - SUPPLY AREA - NIGHT
text: Racine, carrying only a flashlight, has made his way to
text: the supply area he visited before. His beam probes dark
text: corners, responds to random CREAKING. Satisfied that he
text: is alone, he moves a wooden crate and reaches into the
text: hole in the wall which it hid. He brings out Teddy's
text: incendiary device and places it on the floor in the middle
dialog: of the room.
scene_heading: EXT. "THE BREAKERS" - DELIVERY DRIVEWAY - NIGHT
text: Racine grunts under the weight of Edmund's corpse, flung
text: over his back. He stumbles back toward the hulking hotel.
text: The trunk of the Cadillac is closed.
scene_heading: INT. "THE BREAKERS" - CORRIDOR - SUPPLY AREA - NIGHT
text: Racine sits down hard. He is streaming with sweat under
text: the enormous dead weight. He adjusts the plastic sheet
text: so that Edmund's bloody skull won't contact the wall.
text: Racine gathers his strength and half-lifts, half-drags
text: the body down the corridor, his silhouette that of a
text: twisted, double-headed monster. His flashlight glows
text: from ahead at his destination.
text: IN THE SUPPLY AREA, Racine has dropped Edmund's body over
text: some tipped shelves. Now he lifts the heavy ceiling beam
text: he spotted earlier. He has to change its angle only two
text: feet in order to let it drop -- now -- on Edmund's head.
text: Racine walks over to the incendiary device. He pulls out
text: the lever and straightens up. As he does he looks down a
text: connecting hallway. He sees movement. He snatches up
text: the flashlight and the wooden plank and rushes down that
dialog: hallway.
text: AT THE END OF THE HALLWAY, Racine slides to a halt,
text: breathing hard. Again he sees the movement. A horrible,
text: sweaty figure confronts him -- there is a broken mirror
text: attached to the wall. Racine looks at himself a long
text: moment and the tension seems to drain away...
dialog: Someone speaks in the shadows!
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 75.
text: Racine jumps and spins toward the sound, which is only a
text: little more than a MOAN. His flashlight seeks out the
text: source - a RAGGED BUM is stirring in his sleep on a bed
text: of newspapers. He wears an old baseball cap.
text: Racine looks at him a long time, trying to decide what to
text: do. He looks back in the direction of the supply area.
text: He looks at the Bum settling again into a deep sleep. He
text: looks for one final second at himself in the mirror.
scene_heading: EXT. "THE BREAKERS" - BEACH - NIGHT
text: Racine appears at a run from the fog. He has the Bum
text: with him, grasped firmly at the neck of the collar and
text: the seat of his pants. Racine is forcing the Bum to run
text: along with him. The Bum is mightily confused, not least
text: by the fact that Racine has jammed the baseball cap all
text: the way down over his nose -- he can see nothing. Racine
text: lets go, hurtling him across the sand.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (a low growl)
dialog: Get the hell out of here and don't
dialog: come back.
text: The Bum is sprawled in the sand. The baseball cap has
text: come off. He watches Racine's dark figure recede in the
text: fog.
speaker_heading: RAGGED BUM
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Come on back here and fight like a
dialog: man!
scene_heading: INT. RENTED FORD - SIDE STREET - NIGHT
text: Matty sits fidgeting in the front seat, trying to peer
text: through the soupy FOG. She sucks on an unlit cigarette.
text: Racine appears at the driver's window. Matty gasps. He
text: is a horrible sight. He gets in the driver's seat.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Thank god. I thought --
text: Racine grabs her and pulls her down out of sight, bending
text: his body low over her.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Shh!
text: The windows are suddenly illuminated by the beams of
text: headlights. They grow brighter and a police patrol car,
text: red light slowly revolving on the top, passes next to the
text: Ford and moves off quietly in the FOG.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 76.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (whisper)
dialog: They're right on time and I'm running
dialog: late.
text: He rises slowly and watches the patrol car disappear.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET IN FRONT OF WALKER HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The Ford stops at front of the drive.
scene_heading: INT. RENTED FORD - NIGHT
text: Racine and Matty break from a kiss. He moves her away
dialog: from him.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: We won't talk for a long time.
text: She nods. They look at each other. She gets out.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE 95 - SERIES OF SHOTS - NIGHT
text: The rented Ford speeds through the foggy night.
scene_heading: INT. RENTED FORD - NIGHT
text: Racine's face. He knows that for the first time in his
text: life, he's really done it. There's no turning back.
text: Racine does something that he's going to be doing for the
text: rest of his life. He looks in the rear view mirror.
scene_heading: INT. "THE BREAKERS" - SUPPLY AREA - NIGHT
text: Everything is as Racine left it. Edmund's body lies
text: beneath the beam. It is barely discernible in the gloom.
text: The only bright spot in the room is the incendiary device,
text: its shiny surface catching some errant sliver of light.
text: And then it explodes with a harsh SHRIEK. And the light
text: of the magnesium chips is white, blinding. The chips are
text: out in all directions to the waiting puddles of gasoline.
text: The light goes from white to yellow as huge flames engulf
text: the room. The flames ROAR. We watch them for a few
dialog: moments and then --
scene_heading: SLOWLY DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SECOND FLOOR PORCH - WALKER HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Matty stands in the FOG, one arm wrapped around a post of
text: the porch. Above her the wind chimes TINKLE. She
text: struggles to hear something else. Finally she does hear
text: it and her face relaxes and she looks at peace. Listening
text: to soft, distant SIRENS.
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK:
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 77.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. RACINE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The fedora hangs on the coatstand. Racine works at his
text: desk, reading over a long contract. The sun is cutting
text: through the Venetian blinds behind him in glaring strips
text: and, as he leans back in his chair, he finds it impossible
text: to read his document. He gets up, goes to the window and
text: adjusts the blinds so that his desk goes dark in the shade.
text: As it does, the PHONE RINGS. Beverly answers out in the
text: reception room, her conversation muffled through the
text: slightly cracked door. She hits a hold button and yells,
dialog: as is her informal custom.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: Ned. Miles Hardin. Do you want
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Who is he?
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: She says he's a lawyer from Miami.
text: Racine picks up his phone.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: Mr. Ned Racine?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
text: Miles Hardin calling.
text: The Secretary goes off and Racine is left holding. He
text: waits five long beats and seems about to hang up when a
text: Voice comes on, very dry and cold.
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: (filtered throughout)
dialog: Mr. Racine.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: This is Miles Hardin of Morris and
dialog: Dale in Miami.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Yes.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 78.
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: As you know, we represented Edmund
dialog: Walker.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Yes.
text: Hardin seems to expect more of a response. Racine is
dialog: silent.
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: Yes, well, Mrs. Walker has submitted
dialog: the new will you wrote up there.
text: Racine closes his eyes for a moment. The blood drains
text: out of his face. He puts a hand out toward his desk.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Yes... I see.
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: And frankly, Mr. Racine, I think we
dialog: may have a problem.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Uh-huh. What problem is that?
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: Well, I'd rather discuss it in person.
dialog: In fact I think it might be best if
dialog: we could all get together down there.
dialog: That is, if you wouldn't object.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: No no, that would be all right.
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: Good. We have a relationship with a
dialog: firm in West Palm -- Shiller,
dialog: Hastings.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I know of them.
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: I've arranged to have the use of
dialog: their offices. I thought we might
dialog: try to make it tomorrow, say ten
dialog: o'clock. Would that be possible for
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Yes, I think so.
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: Good. Mrs. Walker told me she would
dialog: be back down there by then.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 79.
speaker_heading: HARDIN (CONT'D)
dialog: And I've asked Mrs. Kraft, Mr.
dialog: Walker's sister, to join us, also.
dialog: I'll see you then.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: Good-bye.
text: Hardin clicks off. Racine hangs up slowly. He stares at
text: the phone a long time. He gets up, his mind racing. He
text: goes to the window and parts two of the blinds with his
text: fingers. The sun makes him squint.
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION AREA - DAY
text: Racine opens the door from his office.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (to Beverly)
dialog: Will you get me Mrs. Edmund Walker,
dialog: please.
text: Beverly wrinkles her brow, spins her Rolodex.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: I don't have her. Should I?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I thought the temporary put her in.
dialog: She came in while you were on
dialog: vacation. Look it up. They were in
dialog: Pinehaven, I think.
text: He closes the door to his office.
scene_heading: INT. RACINE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Racine sits at his desk. The phone BUZZES. He picks it
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: (filtered)
dialog: I get no answer at the Pinehaven
dialog: number.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Okay. Try again later.
scene_heading: INT. SHILLER, HASTINGS LAW OFFICES (WEST PALM BEACH) -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: A Secretary leads Racine DOWN A HALLWAY of the richly
text: appointed offices and ushers him into a --
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 80.
text: LARGE CONFERENCE ROOM, opulent, with a big skylight.
text: Seated around the room are Matty, Roz Kraft, and much to
text: Racine's surprise, his friend Peter Lowenstein, Matty is
text: dressed in chic black, MILES HARDIN comes around the big
text: desk to shake Racine's hand. Hardin is an impressive guy
text: in a $500 suit. He greets Racine with icy eyes and a
text: cordial look.
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: Miles Hardin, Mr. Racine.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: How are you?
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: I don't think you know Mrs. Kraft.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (shakes her head)
dialog: No. I don't. My condolences.
speaker_heading: ROZ
dialog: Thank you.
text: Racine comes up to Matty and takes her hand.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Mrs. Walker, I'm very sorry about
dialog: your husband.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Racine.
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: You know Mr. Lowenstein.
text: They shake and Lowenstein gives him a cheerful grin.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Hello, Peter.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: Hi, Ned.
text: Racine shakes his hand. Hardin motions Racine into a
text: chair and moves back around the desk.
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: I asked Mr. Lowenstein to join us
dialog: because he's handling the inquiry
dialog: into Edmund's death for the County
dialog: Prosecutor's office. He and I have
dialog: discussed this matter and he's made
dialog: is possible for us to speak very
dialog: frankly here today. Off the record,
dialog: so to speak.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 81.
speaker_heading: HARDIN (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Racine)
dialog: As I've told Mrs. Walker, I was more
dialog: than a little surprised by the
dialog: existence of this new will. Edmund
dialog: hadn't mentioned anything about it
dialog: to me.
text: Hardin looks at Racine a beat, but Racine has nothing to
dialog: say.
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: Mrs. Walker explained to me that
dialog: when she and her husband decided to
dialog: make some minor changes, they just
dialog: took care of it up here for
dialog: simplicity's sake. And, indeed, as
dialog: you know, the new will is almost
dialog: identical to the old but for the
dialog: disposition of a few items.
dialog: (to the group in
dialog: general)
dialog: At the risk of oversimplifying, the
dialog: thrust of the will is to divide the
dialog: estate in almost equal parts between
dialog: Heather Kraft and Mrs. Walker. Would
dialog: you agree with that assessment, Mr.
dialog: Racine?
text: Racine nods.
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: Mmmm. And you witnessed the signing
dialog: by Edmund Walker along with this
dialog: Miss --
dialog: (glancing at papers
dialog: on the desk)
dialog: -- Mary Ann Simpson on July twenty-
dialog: first. Apparently, it will be
dialog: impossible for us to contact Miss
dialog: Simpson.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Mary Ann is a lifelong friend of
dialog: mine. She happened to be visiting
dialog: on her way to Europe. I'm sure when
dialog: she returns she'll get in touch with
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (eyeing Hardin)
dialog: Although it's certainly not required.
text: The witnesses to the signing of a
dialog: will are not commonly available when
text: the will is entered into probate.
dialog: It's not standard by any means.
text: Hardin glances at Lowenstein, who watches impassively.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 82.
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: Edmund Walker's death was not
dialog: standard.
speaker_heading: ROZ
dialog: (to Hardin)
dialog: Pardon me. I'm sorry. I'm confused.
dialog: Is there some question about the
dialog: authenticity of the will?
text: Racine would like to kiss Roz; instead he turns with a
text: questioning look to Hardin.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I'm confused, too. Do you have a
dialog: problem with the witnessing or the
dialog: signatures? What is it you're getting
dialog: at?
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: (almost wistful)
dialog: No, there doesn't seem to be any
dialog: problem here. This is Edmund Walker's
dialog: last will and testament. I'm afraid
dialog: the problem is elsewhere.
text: He reaches into his coat and brings out a gold cigar case.
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: Would anyone mind if I smoked?
text: No one does. In fact, Racine, Matty and Roz all
text: immediately produce their own packs of cigarettes. The
text: effect is comical and everyone in the room laughs at the
text: group reflex. Roz notices that Lowenstein is not lighting
text: up and offers him one of hers.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: I don't need my own. I'll just
dialog: breathe the air.
text: Roz smiles and tilts her head to blow a stream of smoke
text: toward the ceiling. We TILT UP with it as the white smoke
text: intrudes the clear air and --
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
text: The same space, thick with smoke, and TILT DOWN to the
text: assembled group, all of whom are focused on Hardin, except
text: for Lowenstein, whose glance dances about the rapt faces.
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: Everything's in order up to there.
dialog: The problem comes in the language of
dialog: the bequest to Heather. It's a
dialog: technical matter.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 83.
speaker_heading: HARDIN (CONT'D)
dialog: In writing the will, I'm afraid Mr.
dialog: Racine violated what's known as "the
dialog: rule against perpetuities.
text: Hardin watches Racine, who reacts minutely.
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: It's a small thing, but it's the
dialog: law. It forbids an inheritance to
dialog: be passed down indefinitely for
dialog: generations. Many general
dialog: practitioner lawyers don't fully
dialog: understand it. It doesn't come up
dialog: much for them, because wills this
dialog: complex are usually handled by estate
text: departments in larger firms. Handled
dialog: by lawyers who specialize in this
dialog: type of work.
text: Matty turns a confused look to Roz who returns it
text: sympathetically. Hardin notes it.
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: I know this is terribly confusing,
dialog: but if you'll bear with me... I
dialog: spotted the problem right away, but
dialog: since Edmund's intent was clear, I
dialog: thought it in everyone's best interest
dialog: to try and get the will admitted
dialog: into probate anyway, even though it
dialog: was technically incorrect. I knew
dialog: that a probate judge in Miami would
dialog: spot the mistake right away. That's
dialog: all they do all day, they're expert.
dialog: So I thought I'd bring it up here to
dialog: Okeelanta County -- since Edmund had
dialog: the residence here -- and see if I
dialog: could get lucky with a judge who
dialog: didn't know estate law quite so
dialog: well...
dialog: (dryly, he can't
dialog: resist)
dialog: Perhaps find one with the same kind
dialog: of training as Mr. Racine.
text: Racine watches him, his mind racing ahead too fast to
dialog: bother being insulted. Lowenstein can't help a small,
text: wincing smile. Now Hardin gets to his payoff and there
text: is no amusement in his tone.
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: Unfortunately, my plan backfired. I
dialog: ran into a judge who'd had other
text: dealings with Mr. Racine. A Judge
dialog: Costanza.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 84.
speaker_heading: HARDIN (CONT'D)
dialog: In fact, it seems there were problems
dialog: with an estate in a case four years
dialog: ago. Very different problems, it's
dialog: true. But on a will Mr. Racine
dialog: prepared. It was quite a mess.
dialog: Accusations of carelessness, a
dialog: malpractice suit...
dialog: (to Racine)
dialog: I think he called it the Gourson
dialog: case?
text: Racine watches him dully, then concentrates on taking out
text: a cigarette.
speaker_heading: ROZ
dialog: Once again, Mr. Hardin, you've lost
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Yes, what does all this mean?
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: It means, I'm afraid, that Edmund's
dialog: will is invalid. Edmund Walker died
dialog: interstate, as though there were no
dialog: will at all.
text: Roz looks at Matty with panicky eyes.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: So... what happens now?
text: Hardin looks her over coldly. He doesn't believe she
dialog: doesn't know,
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: You don't know?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: No, I don't.
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: Perhaps Mr. Racine would like to
dialog: tell you.
text: Racine is recovering. He gives Hardin a quick, ugly look,
text: then turns toward Matty, and speaks quietly.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: In the state of Florida, when a person
text: dies without a will, and there are
dialog: no children and no surviving parents,
dialog: then the spouse inherits everything.
text: It seems to take a long moment for Matty to fully digest
text: this. It takes not quite as long for Roz.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 85.
text: Her face goes through several transformations: confusion
text: to disbelief to despair, then on in the direction of
dialog: outrage.
text: Lowenstein's eyes are flashing around at the faces. He
text: seems genuinely amused.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: My god. You mean... it's all mine?
text: Hardin is an unconvinced audience. He nods.
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: Though that was clearly not your
dialog: husband's intention.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: My god.
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: He intended Heather to benefit --
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (looking between
dialog: Hardin and Roz)
dialog: Of course, of course, I understand.
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: HARDIN
dialog: As you can imagine, Mrs. Walkers
dialog: given the circumstances of Edmund's
dialog: death, none of this is going to
dialog: happen... how should I say it...
dialog: simply.
text: Matty seems still in shook.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: ... Of course...
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT BEHIND SHILLER, HASTINGS (WEST PALM
scene_heading: BEACH) - DAY
text: Matty, Racine, Roz, Lowenstein and Hardin stand talking
text: in a little cluster near the building. They say their
text: good-byes with much handshaking. Matty lays a reassuring
text: hand on Roz's arm and kisses her on the cheek. As she
text: breaks from the crowd, Racine walks with her. The others
text: stand talking a little longer. Racine takes off his jacket
text: in the blazing Heat. He is very aware of the little group
text: behind them as he walks with Matty to her Mercedes. When
text: they are out of earshot --
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: You look good in black.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 86.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I've missed you so badly. I need
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: At first I couldn't figure out when
dialog: you got ahold of my stationery and
dialog: stuff. It finally came to me...
dialog: Edmund's signature must have been a
dialog: snap. And you knew I wasn't gonna
dialog: challenge mine --
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Please stop. I don't blame you for
dialog: hating me right now.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: You've really done it, Matty. You
dialog: really have.
text: Behind them the group breaks up, Hardin goes back into
text: the building and Lowenstein walks Roz the short distance
text: to her car. Matty reaches the door of her car and turns
dialog: to Racine.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Will you come to the house tonight?
text: She takes his hand and shakes it for show.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I want you more right now than I
dialog: ever have. I know how you must feel
dialog: about me. But please come tonight.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I hope you haven't done us in.
text: Matty gets into her car.
text: At the far end of the parking lots Lowenstein has been
text: watching them as he makes his way to his car. Now, as he
text: moves between two rows of cars, he executes a few nifty
text: dance steps, just like Fred Astaire.
scene_heading: EXT. RACINE'S BUILDING - DAY
text: Racine, jacket over his shoulder and briefcase in hand,
text: leaves the Stingray at the curb and goes into the big
text: house of which his apartment is the top floor.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY - RACINE'S BUILDING - DAY
text: Racine trudges up the dark steps in the heat. As he
text: approaches the door to his place, he senses that someone
text: is there. He tries the knob and the door swings open
text: slowly, revealing Peter Lowenstein, reading a book at the
text: bookcase and, lounging out on the porch, Detective Oscar
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 87.
text: Grace. The three look at each other a beat and then Racine
dialog: comes in,
scene_heading: INT. RACINE'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Racine gets rid of his briefcase and jacket as Grace comes
text: in from the porch.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Hi, guys. Just come on in, make
dialog: yourself at home.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Sorry about that.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: Not me. The door was unlocked,
dialog: inviting illegal entry. It's behavior
dialog: like that makes Oscar's job so hard.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Sorry, Oscar. Would you guys a beer?
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: No thanks, I already had one.
text: Oscar indicates "no" as Racine takes one from the
text: refrigerator for himself and begins unbuttoning his shirt.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I've gotta bring my wife up here.
dialog: She thinks our house is the hottest
dialog: place in the county.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: It ain't great this time of day.
text: There is a pregnant pause as Racine takes off his shirt
text: and leans against the refrigerator.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Ned, how did you get involved with
dialog: this Matty Walker?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (takes a drink)
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I mean she's poison, man. Tell me
dialog: what you know about her old man's
dialog: death.
speaker_heading: RACINE
text: What read in the paper. He died in
dialog: the fire. Looks like arson--
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 88.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: Was arson.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Okay, was arson. You don't know if
dialog: he was setting it and messed up...
dialog: or if that's just what someone wanted
dialog: it to look like.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Nah, he didn't set it. Somebody
text: offend him.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: His people owned the place or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (nods)
dialog: That's right. A very rough group of
text: fellows, too. They're arguing with
dialog: the insurance company right now.
dialog: It's possible they wanted to cut old
dialog: Edmund out. I'm sure they're not
text: too broken up over his departure.
dialog: (grimaces)
dialog: But this just doesn't seem like a
dialog: neat way to handle something like
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: It's not their style. They're very
dialog: smooth. They'd rather destroy you
dialog: than kill you. And they hate
dialog: publicity.
text: Racine takes it in, sucks on his beer.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Course guys like that make a lot of
dialog: enemies. Coulda been a grudge match
dialog: from the outside, I suppose.
dialog: (he looks at Racine)
dialog: But me, I'm kinda interested in the
dialog: grieving widow.
text: Racine looks a little skeptical. He thinks about it as he
text: moves to a chair.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: Her sister-in-law's got plenty of
dialog: ideas along that line, too. She
dialog: could barely contain herself today,
dialog: I could tell.
dialog: (he cackles)
dialog: But she wants to wait and see how
text: Matty treats her on the estate. She
dialog: doesn't want to blow it.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 89.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: How'd you get involved?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: They asked me to re-do the will. I
dialog: met with her and Edmund. It was
dialog: pretty simple. This Mary Ann Simpson
dialog: witnessed it with me. Walker didn't
dialog: seem to think it was any big deal.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: That's it?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: That's it.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What was this Simpson's story?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I don't know... old friend of theirs,
dialog: good-looking broad. She was just
text: passing through.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: On her way to Europe?
text: Racine shrugs, he doesn't know.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: The passport people can't find any
dialog: record of that.
text: Lowenstein and Grace look at him a long time.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What do you think? About the wife?
text: Racine considers a moment.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I suppose it's possible. I don't
dialog: know much about her, except --
dialog: (he grins)
dialog: -- what I've seen. Wouldn't shock
dialog: me, either way.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: I've got a feeling she's very bad
dialog: news. Take some incredibly
dialog: intelligent advice and stay away
dialog: from her.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: He's right for once.
text: They both get up to leave. Racine watches from the chair.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 90.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Well, I'm sorry, guys. I'm afraid I
dialog: can't do that.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: First of all, did you get a look at
dialog: her?
text: They did. Racine grins. He stands up and comes right up
dialog: to them.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: That wouldn't be quite so meaningful,
dialog: except that today she started coming
dialog: on to me. And maybe you haven't
text: heard but the lady is about to come
dialog: into a great deal of money.
text: They look at him with some concern.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: The fact is, she's invited me out to
dialog: her place tonight. And I'm going.
dialog: And I'll keep on going as many nights,
dialog: or days, or weekends, as she'll have
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: Ned, that lady may have just killed
dialog: her husband.
text: Racine smiles cheerfully and puts a reassuring arm around
text: Lowenstein's shoulder, leading him to the door.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Peter, she's not gonna inherit
dialog: anything by killing me.
text: Lowenstein is out the door now. He looks at Racine in
text: wonder. He shakes his head and goes down the steps.
text: Racine turns, smiling, to Grace, but Oscar is grim.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Ned, you've messed up before. You'll
dialog: mess up again. That's your nature.
dialog: But they've always been small-time.
dialog: This might not be. She's trouble,
dialog: Ned. The real thing. Big-time, major
dialog: league trouble. Watch yourself.
text: Racine reassures his friend with touch and Oscar leaves.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 91.
scene_heading: INT. WALKER HOUSE - ENTRY HALL - NIGHT
text: Matty closes the front door behind Racine and wraps her
text: arms around him. She kisses him hard and long on the mouth,
text: then starts on his neck. He begins to push her away but
text: she clings to him, eating him up.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I know. I know. I know you'd
dialog: probably like to kill me. I know.
dialog: But please... you can hate me...
dialog: punish me... hurt me if you want,
dialog: but don't talk yet.
text: She takes his hand and drags him to the steps and leads
text: the way up, her eyes on him always.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Please, Ned.
text: He lets her lead him up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. MATTY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: They lie in bed. The wind chimes TINKLE outside.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: ... Mary Ann and I left Wheaton
dialog: together and went to Chicago. We
dialog: didn't know what we were doing. I
dialog: got in bad trouble with drugs. Speed.
dialog: Really bad. I did things...
text: (she looks up at
dialog: him)
dialog: Whatever's the evilest thing you can
dialog: think of me now, I did worse things
dialog: then. There's nothing lower than
dialog: the animal I was then. Worse than
dialog: you can imagine. I thought I would
dialog: die. I prayed I would... And then
dialog: a man helped me. He got me clean.
dialog: He didn't want much in return,
dialog: either... He was a lawyer and he
dialog: put me to work in his office. I
dialog: learned a lot there. One time I
dialog: even thought I might go to law school.
dialog: ... That's where I picked up the
dialog: business about making a will invalid.
dialog: That happened to him once. I swear
dialog: I would never have used that if I'd
dialog: known about your case... I was afraid
dialog: to tell you, Ned. I knew you wouldn't
dialog: let me do it. I'm greedy, like you
dialog: said. I wanted us to have it all.
text: She moves up over him and looks into his face.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 92.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I don't blame you for thinking I'm
dialog: bad. I am. I know it. I'd
dialog: understand if you just cut me off
dialog: now. If you never trusted me again.
dialog: You'd probably be smart. But you
dialog: must believe one thing. I love you.
dialog: I love you and need you. I want to
dialog: be with you forever.
text: She puts her head on his chest as Racine lights a
dialog: cigarette.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: They already think you're involved.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I don't care.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Great.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: There's nothing we can do about it
dialog: now. In a little while we'll either
dialog: have the money or we won't. It's
dialog: out of our hands.
text: Racine thinks about this awhile. He exhales a stream of
dialog: smoke.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I fired the housekeeper. We can
dialog: stay together as long as we want.
dialog: We're all alone here now.
scene_heading: SLOW, SLOW DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM - DETECTIVE BUREAU - DAY
text: Lowenstein makes Heather and Roz comfortable in the waiting
text: room, then goes through the gate partition, nods at the
text: Cop Clerk on duty, and goes into Oscar Grace's office, re-
text: closing the door behind him.
scene_heading: INT. GRACE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: It's cramped, hot, cluttered. There is one other door
text: out of the office. Grace has his feet up on his desk.
text: He's nursing a bottle of Coke and looking at Racine, who
text: stands across the office, leaning on a file cabinet and
text: glaring between sentences. Racine gives Lowenstein an
text: ugly look then returns his attention to Grace. Racine is
text: angry, but in control.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 93.
speaker_heading: RACINE (CONT'D)
dialog: I've been down there a lot lately.
dialog: Isn't that amazing? Miami. Jesus.
dialog: I'm handling the purchase of some
dialog: property down there. I'll be going
dialog: back in the future... if that's all
dialog: right, if it's still legal to go to
dialog: Miami.
text: There is silence. Lowenstein looks between them, speaks
dialog: to Grace.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
text: He is mad.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Nooo. No, I'm not mad. Why should
dialog: I be mad just because my friend here,
dialog: who I've know for years, wants to
dialog: know of my whereabouts on the night
dialog: of our recent local murder?
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: It's not so recent anymore. Maybe
text: he's feeling some pressure.
text: Grace is pained by all this, but his tone is scolding,
dialog: defensive.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: You brought this on yourself, man!
dialog: I don't run this department, you
dialog: know. There are people watching
dialog: this thing. They hear you're out
dialog: there banging the widow every night;
dialog: it tends to call attention to you.
dialog: So don't give me shit.
text: Lowenstein goes to Oscar's desk and takes a pull from the
text: bottle of Coke.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: That's my business!
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: This whole damn case is getting crazy.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: (to Grace)
dialog: Did you tell him about the glasses?
text: Grace, exasperated, indicates that he didn't.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: Seems Walker always ware glasses --
text: steel-rimmed glasses. He was a real
dialog: fanatic about them.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 94.
text: Racine is still staring at Grace. He barely seems to pay
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
text: But there were none on the scene.
dialog: Coroner says they should've been
dialog: there. He says that even after the
dialog: fire the frames should've been seared
dialog: into his -- well, you don't want to
dialog: hear the details.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: So what?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: So it's looking more and more like
dialog: he was killed somewhere else and
dialog: brought there in his own car. Your
dialog: honey, his wife, says he left the
text: house in the middle of the night
dialog: driving himself to some mysterious
dialog: meeting. Is that vague enough for
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Look, what is this? What do you
dialog: want? Am I supposed to be an
dialog: undercover agent for you guys, or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: Interesting choice of phrase.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: How 'bout tonight I ask her? 'Say,
dialog: did you kill your husband? My friends
dialog: were just wondering...'
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: Hey, that's an idea. Ask her where
dialog: the glasses are, where she did it...
dialog: Anything else I'm forgetting, Oscar?
speaker_heading: OSCAR
dialog: Just one thing.
text: Lowenstein looks at him a long moment. Racine watches
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: Oh, yeah! Right, right. You'll
dialog: love this, Ned, this latest
dialog: development. Maybe you'll be able
dialog: to work up a little sympathy for us,
dialog: see why Oscar here has a tendency to
dialog: get carried away. Tell him, Oscar.
dialog: This is rich.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 95.
speaker_heading: OSCAR
dialog: This is from the sister-in-law, the
dialog: Kraft woman. She's been driving me
dialog: batty lately. She's convinced she
dialog: ain't gonna be out into the will.
dialog: It seems that a couple weeks before
dialog: the murder, Walker's niece stayed up
dialog: there for a while with your friend
text: Matty. One night she waxes up, goes
text: to see her aunt and catches the lady
dialog: with some guy.
text: The three men look at each other. Lowenstein breaks into
dialog: laughter.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: Do you get it? In the act or some
dialog: fucking thing!
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: We haven't got all the details yet.
text: Mrs. Kraft is bringing the little
dialog: girl up here today to tell us her
dialog: story.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: (to Grace)
dialog: Oh, they're here. I ran into them
text: on the way in. They're waiting
text: outside.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Christ. I'm not sure I'm up to
text: dealing with this scene.
text: There is a long pause. The other two look at Racine.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (to Racine)
dialog: Listen, you probably don't want to
dialog: see the Kraft woman right now. She's
dialog: a little wild. Why don't you slip
dialog: out the back way here?
text: Racine looks first at Lowenstein, then at Grace.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Are we done here?
speaker_heading: GRACE
text: (nods, looking at
dialog: his notes)
dialog: I've got it all here. And, Ned, I'm
dialog: sorry I had to ask.
text: Racine is neutral. He indicates the front entrance.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 96.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I'll go out this way. I've had a
dialog: lot of experience with disgruntled
dialog: people.
dialog: (to Lowenstein)
dialog: I'll be over to Stella's, if you
dialog: want to have some lunch.
text: Lowenstein nods. Racine opens the door and goes out of
dialog: the office.
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM - DETECTIVE BUREAU - DAY
text: Racine walks out of Grace's office. Lowenstein watches
text: him go. Heather is absorbed in a magazine and Roz is
text: distracted with her cigarette. Racine could keep on
text: walking, but instead he walks over to Roz. She jumps
text: when he speaks to her.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Hello, Mrs. Kraft.
text: She seems confused about how to act toward him. Heather
text: looks up casually. Racine shakes Roz's hand.
speaker_heading: ROZ
dialog: Hello, Mr. Racine.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: How are you making out?
speaker_heading: ROZ
dialog: We're all right, I guess.
text: Racine crouches in front of Heather and smiles at her.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: You must be Heather.
text: She nods. He shakes her hand.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I'm Ned Racine, Heather. I've heard
dialog: a lot about you. It's nice to meet
dialog: you.
text: Heather nods uncertainly.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I'm sorry our town is so hot for
dialog: your visit.
speaker_heading: HEATHER
dialog: It sure is.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 97.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (smiles, stands)
dialog: Goodbye.
speaker_heading: ROZ
dialog: Goodbye.
text: Racine walks away. Heather watches him go. Roz turns to
dialog: Heather.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - DAY
text: Racine walks down the sidewalk and enters Stella's Coffee
dialog: Shop.
scene_heading: INT. STELLA'S COFFEE SHOP - DAY
text: As Racine comes in the front door, Stella is leaning over
text: the counter in a gossipy huddle with a Cop and Glenda,
text: the Meter Maid. When Stella notices Racine, she breaks
text: off suddenly and moves away. The Cop and Glenda see Racine
text: and go back to their food with great deliberateness.
text: Racine takes all this in and settles at the other end of
text: the counter.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (too boisterous)
dialog: Hi, Racine. How you doing today?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I'm fine, Stella. I'm fine. What's
dialog: the latest? Any hot news?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Nothing much doing. What'll it be?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: What's the special?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Veal outlets.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: What day'd you cook 'em?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: They're fresh this month.
text: Racine signals for her to bring it on. He swivels around
text: and looks out at the Court House.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
speaker_heading: LATER.
text: Same shot. Lowenstein appears on the sidewalk across the
text: street. He crosses over to Stella's and comes in.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 98.
text: He spots Racine and comes over to the counter with a light
text: dance-walk, breaking into actual dance only as he
text: Pirouettes before landing in the stool beside Racine.
text: Racine is almost done with his lunch.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: (to Stella)
dialog: The usual, my sweet.
speaker_heading: STELLA (O.S.)
text: Two ice teas for Fred Astaire.
text: Lowenstein looks at Racine and smiles.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: Are you ready to hear something wild?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I don't know. I may have had my
dialog: share for the day.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: No, this is right up your alley.
text: Stella puts the two ice teas in front of Lowenstein.
text: Lowenstein has to give her a look before she backs away.
text: Lowenstein leans in confidentially toward Racine.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
text: Little Heather comes out onto the
dialog: back porch, and this dude is out
dialog: there with her aunt, see? And he's
text: turned away with his pants or shorts
text: or whatever dropped, so he's mooning
dialog: the little girl, right. And he and
dialog: your friend are going at something
dialog: which Heather couldn't quite figure
dialog: out.
text: Lowenstein begins to shake with laughter; he almost falls
text: off the stool. Racine is confused. Lowenstein recovers
text: his balance and lowers his voice again. There are tears
text: in his eyes.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: Poor little Heather! She's never
dialog: seen one angry before. But it made
text: quite an impression on her.
dialog: Yessirree! That's all she can
dialog: remember.
text: Lowenstein starts to choke with laughter. He takes a
text: drink. Racine is smiling now, too.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: That's it?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 99.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: One other thing. She says the guy's
text: hair was greasy. He wore it slicked
text: back. "Like a Cuban," she says. I
dialog: loved that!
dialog: (he laughs again)
dialog: Can you imagine poor Heather? She
text: hustled back to bed after getting a
dialog: gander at that. And listen to why
dialog: she got up in the first place, this
dialog: is the capper. She had a nightmare!
dialog: Christ, can you imagine what kinds
dialog: of dreams she had the rest of the
dialog: night?
text: Lowenstein rocks with laughter. And Racine does too.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRY HALL - WALKER HOUSE - DAY
text: Matty has been pushed roughly across the entry hall. Her
text: back hits hard against the wall at the front of the central
text: hall. She rubs her wrist where the skin is red and looks
text: with frightened eyes at Racine.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Don't say that. Don't say you don't
dialog: have them.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I swear to you, I don't. What's
dialog: wrong with you?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: They had to be here when you cleaned
dialog: up that night. Think about it, think
dialog: hard. They've probably got my prints
text: on them.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I must have missed them. I wasn't
dialog: looking for them. I thought they
dialog: were on Edmund.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: So where could they have gone?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I don't know.
text: (suddenly, a look)
dialog: Betty!
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: The housekeeper?
dialog: (Matty nods,
dialog: thinking)
dialog: Where would she have put them? You've
dialog: been through his things.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 100.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: She might have taken them.
dialog: Racine thinks that's crazy.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Listen to me. That's why I fired
dialog: her. After Edmund's death she started
dialog: acting strange. She was always
text: watching me, listening to my calls.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: That's crazy. You imagined it. I
dialog: know, I've been imagining things,
dialog: too. Plenty.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: No, Ned, not with her I wasn't. I
dialog: could tell there was a difference.
dialog: Maybe she know about us. Maybe she
dialog: wants something.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Don't you think we would have heard
dialog: from her by now?
text: Matty walks over and sits at the bottom of the steps.
text: She looks up at him.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I don't know what to think. I'm
dialog: worried. But it's not about the
dialog: glasses. Or your friends. It's us.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Your first reaction is to accuse me.
dialog: What's happening to you? I don't
dialog: know if we can hold on like this.
text: Racine sits next to her. He rubs his eyes.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Hardin called today. He said
dialog: everything should be cleared up by
dialog: next week. I'll get the money
dialog: (a caustic smile)
dialog: He apologized for the delay.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: They've been stalling. They're
dialog: draggin it out, hoping they'd come
dialog: up with some way to implicate you.
text: Matty turns and leans against him, looking into his face,
dialog: full of love.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 101.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: But they haven't been able to. Soon
dialog: it'll be all ours. That's why we've
dialog: got to hold together, Ned. It won't
dialog: be long, then we'll get away from
dialog: here. Out from under all this.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: All we have is each other. I'd kill
dialog: myself if I thought this thing would
dialog: destroy us. I couldn't take it.
text: His arms enclose her.
scene_heading: INT. REGISTRATION DESK - HILTON HOTEL - MIAMI - DAY
text: Oscar Grace has been talking to the Desk Clerk, who now
text: disappears and returns with the Hotel Manager.
scene_heading: INT. BOOKKEEPING OFFICE - HILTON - DAY
text: Oscar and the Hotel Manager watch as a Data Clerk extracts
text: a sheet of freshly-printed billing information from a
text: computer. He points to a section of the read-out.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING STRUCTURE - HILTON HOTEL - DAY
text: Oscar talks to the Parking Attendant who handled Racine's
text: Stingray. Oscar looks around the structure.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - HILTON HOTEL - DAY
text: The door to a hotel room is open in the foreground, but
text: Oscar is down the hall looking at the door to the
dialog: stairwell.
scene_heading: INT. MIAMI POLICE DEPARTMENT - DETECTIVE BUREAU - DAY
text: Oscar sits across the desk from a Plainclothes Cop, who
text: is talking on the phone. The Plainclothes Cop hears what
text: he wants on the phone and nods to Oscar, tapping a spot
text: on a list that lies before him. Oscar gets up and looks
text: to see where he's pointing.
scene_heading: EXT. HERTZ RENT-A-CAR OFFICE - DAY
text: Oscar can be seen inside, talking to the Attendant on
dialog: duty.
scene_heading: EXT. REAL ESTATE OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Oscar, totally beat, sits in his car. The Real Estate
text: Agent we saw with Racine comes up, unctuously ushering
text: Two Businessmen. As he shows them inside, Oscar approaches
text: him, getting out his I.D. He and the Real Estate Agent
text: shake hands.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 102.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MOON AND THE OCEAN - NIGHT
text: It's the middle of the night. Bright under a full moon.
text: And very quiet. The surf can be heard LAPPING at the beach.
text: And then we hear HUMMING.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PIER - NIGHT
text: No sign of life. Still the HUMMING; it's a Broadway show
dialog: tune.
scene_heading: EXT. END OF THE PIER - NIGHT
text: Lowenstein is there, all alone, silhouetted in the
text: moonlight. He uses the rail like a ballet bar, returning
text: to it each time he finishes a small combination of dance
text: steps. The moves are not extravagant, there is not
text: highkicking. Just a nice, smooth little combination that
text: Lowenstein is repeating, again and again.
text: He HUMS his own accompaniment. Then, softly at first,
text: from the distance, comes the THUMPING of running shoes on
text: old wood. It grows as Lowenstein completes another
text: repetition. When the THUMPING has gotten close, it slows,
text: then stops raggedly. Lowenstein looks that way.
speaker_heading: RACINE (O.S.)
dialog: (out of breath)
dialog: Peter?
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: Hi, Ned.
text: Racine walks up, dripping sweat, already extracting his
text: cigarettes from his shorts.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: I've been looking for you.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: Yeah. You always run this late?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Nah. I'm going to Miami tomorrow.
dialog: I'm not gonna have time.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: What's in Miami?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I'm closing this real estate deal
dialog: I've been working on.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 103.
text: Lowenstein nods and turns to lean over the rail. Racine
text: offers him a cigarette. Lowenstein accepts and Racine
text: lights both of theirs. Lowenstein glances at Racine's
text: pack as Racine puts it away.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: You're some kind of health nut.
dialog: (Racine smiles)
text: Matty Walker smokes that same brand.
dialog: I noticed that.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Is this gonna be one of those
dialog: conversations? Maybe I should have
dialog: my lawyer present.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: Buddy, your lawyer is present.
text: They look at the ocean.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: You know, that Edmund Walker was a
dialog: bad guy. The more I find out about
dialog: him, the happier I am he's dead. I
dialog: figure it's a positive thing for the
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: You're not known for being a
dialog: hardliner.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: Mmm. I have my own standards. I try
dialog: to keep them private.
text: (he looks at his
dialog: cigarette)
dialog: As far as I'm concerned, I don't
dialog: care who killed him. And I don't
dialog: care who gets rich because of it.
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: But Oscar, Oscar's not like that.
dialog: His whole life is based on doing the
dialog: right thing. He's the only person I
dialog: know like that. Sometimes it's a
dialog: real pain in the ass. Even for him.
text: Lowenstein glances at Racine, but only for a moment.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: Oscar's unhappy right now. He's in
dialog: pain.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Why is that?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 104.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: Because he likes you. He likes you
dialog: even better than I do.
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: That's why he's been busting his
dialog: butt trying to locate this Mary Ann
dialog: Simpson. They finally found her
dialog: place in Miami yesterday, but the
dialog: woman herself was gone... looked
text: like she left in a hurry.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Oscar thought any story she could
dialog: tell might help you. He thinks you
dialog: need help.
text: Racine turns around, drapes his arms back along the rail
text: and lets his head loll, like a tired runner.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: Someone's putting you in deep trouble,
dialog: my friend. From about three thirty
dialog: to five AM on the night Walker was
dialog: killed, someone called your hotel
dialog: room repeatedly. The hotel didn't
dialog: want to put them through, but whoever
dialog: was calling convinced them it was an
text: emergency. The phone rang and rang,
dialog: but you didn't answer.
text: Racine looks at him.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: Don't say anything. Save it for some
dialog: Other time. It gets worse.
text: (he stamps out his
dialog: butt)
dialog: Now someone's trying to give us
dialog: Edmund's glasses. We don't know who.
dialog: We don't know what the glasses will
dialog: tell us. But our negotiations are
dialog: continuing.
text: Lowenstein steps away, toward the street. He looks sad.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: I wish I knew what to tell you, Ned.
dialog: But I don't have any good ideas.
text: He turns and walks away.
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: I'll see ya.
text: Racine watches him go. He takes out his pack of cigarettes
text: and extracts one. He stares at the pack in his hand.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 105.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT TERRACE - WALKER HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The house is dark. Racine tries the door a last time.
text: (He's still in his sweaty running clothes.) No good. No
text: one here. Racine peers inside one final time. He is looking
text: through the new glass in the same little window shot out
text: by Edmund's gun. The wind chimes TINKLE loudly.
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE 95 - DAY
text: Racine's Stingray whips south in the morning light.
scene_heading: INT. RACINE'S CAR - DAY
text: Racine is shaved and showered and wearing a tie, but he
text: doesn't look fresh. His mind is elsewhere. He looks off
text: to his left. Miami sits on the horizon.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - SKYSCRAPER - DAY
text: The elevator is packed with lawyers. They're heading out
text: to lunch. They wear expensive suits. Racine is backed
text: into a corner. He watches them, as though from a distance.
text: He looks different from them.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - SKYSCRAPER - DAY
text: The lawyers pile out of the elevator. A few carry
text: briefcases. Racine finally appears. He too carries a
text: briefcase. He looks across the huge lobby at the entrance
text: to a restaurant/bar.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT/BAR - SKYSCRAPER - DAY
text: Racine sits at the bar with a drink. Once more, he glances
text: diagonally to the end of the bar, at a guy in a three-
text: piece suit. The guy seems to be looking at Racine whenever
text: he isn't watching the front entrance. Finally the guy can
text: control himself no longer. He picks up his drink and walks
text: around the bar to the space next to Racine. His name is
text: MICHAEL GLENN and he's bright, successful and irritating.
text: The two men are on the edge of remembering each other.
speaker_heading: GLENN
dialog: We know each other, don't we?
dialog: (Racine smiles,
dialog: uncertain)
dialog: I'm Michael Glenn. With Bashford,
dialog: Hillerman.
text: The smile fades from Racine's face.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Ned Racine.
text: It comes back to Glenn in a flash. He wishes he hadn't
dialog: come up.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 106.
speaker_heading: GLENN
dialog: Christ, I've done it again.
dialog: (embarrassed,
dialog: indicates the
dialog: entrance)
dialog: I'm just meeting some people.
text: Racine nods. Glenn looks him over, smiles; he's
dialog: ingratiating.
speaker_heading: GLENN
dialog: Hey, this is silly. You're not still
dialog: mad about that Gourson business?
dialog: (Racine shrugs,
dialog: takes a drink)
dialog: We had to do it. Costanza practically
dialog: insisted we sue you. Listen, nobody
dialog: at our place likes malpractice against
dialog: other lawyers.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Forget it.
text: Glenn remembers something. He smiles confidentially.
speaker_heading: GLENN
dialog: I tried to make it up to you.
text: Racine looks at him blankly.
speaker_heading: GLENN
dialog: Did you ever meet a lady named Matty
dialog: Walker? You'd remember her. A very
dialog: hot number.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Matty Walker?
speaker_heading: GLENN
dialog: (glances at the
dialog: entrance)
dialog: Yeah. I met her at a party. She said
dialog: she was going up there and she wanted
dialog: to know about lawyers. I gave her
dialog: your name.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: When was this?
speaker_heading: GLENN
dialog: (trying to remember)
dialog: I don't know... long time. Maybe
dialog: September.
text: Racine stares at him. Glenn sees his party at the entrance.
text: He offers his hand.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 107.
speaker_heading: GLENN
dialog: Oops, gotta go.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Did you tell her about the Gourson
dialog: case?
speaker_heading: GLENN
dialog: (a slimy grin)
dialog: Hey, I was trying to get you work.
text: He starts to move away. Racine grabs him by his tie and
text: pulls him back hard. The people nearby turn in alarm.
text: Racine speaks very quietly to the startled Glenn.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Did you tell her about Gourson?
speaker_heading: GLENN
dialog: Jesus, are you nuts?
text: Racine twists his grip on Glenn's tie. Glenn starts to
dialog: choke.
speaker_heading: GLENN
dialog: Maybe I told her how we met. Yeah,
dialog: maybe.
text: Racine lets him go.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF WALKER HOUSE - DUSK
text: Racine's Stingray tears up the drive and SQUEALS to a
text: stop in the parking area. Racine looks at the house from
text: the car. It looks deserted as before. He pulls the Stingray
text: onto the lawn and drives all the way around the house,
text: then out the drive through his own dust.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH - RACINE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Racine stares out at the ocean. He lights another cigarette
text: and lifts a glass of bourbon to his lips. Suddenly, he
text: laughs, short and harsh. But the smile fades quickly.
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION AREA - RACINE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Racine comes in carrying his briefcase. Beverly looks him
text: over critically; he doesn't look so good.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: Is there something wrong with your
dialog: phone?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Just off the hook. What?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 108.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: Teddy Laursen is in County. He's
dialog: very anxious to talk to you. He
dialog: sounded bad.
text: Racine nods, turns back to the door.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: Hey, are you all right?
text: Racine stops for a moment and looks at her. He smiles and
text: goes out.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTY JAIL - VISITING ROOM - DAY
text: Teddy Laursen sits across the table from Racine. Teddy,
text: too, looks a little ragged. Nervous.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: I don't know. It's a thing in
dialog: Lauderdale. Something must've gone
dialog: wrong, but they're not telling me.
dialog: I'm a little worried.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I'll find out.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: No, no. That's not why I called you.
dialog: In fact, I got me another lawyer.
text: Racine watches him.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: I think it would be better. You know
dialog: Schlisgal.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: (nods, confused)
dialog: He's good.
text: Teddy looks around nervously. Racine waits.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: This broad came to me last week. A
dialog: real looker. She said you told her
dialog: how to reach me, I figured you musta,
dialog: she knew all about it.
dialog: (Racine nods)
dialog: She said you wanted another one.
text: Teddy searches Racine's face, trying to see if the story
text: was true. He's not surprised that it's not.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Yeah, I was afraid of that. But I'm
text: a slow thinker.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 109.
speaker_heading: TEDDY (CONT'D)
dialog: (lowers his voice
dialog: even more)
dialog: She had me show her how to rig it to
dialog: a door, with a little delay. Does
dialog: any of this mean anything to you?
text: Racine looks at him blankly.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Then I'm glad I told you. Watch your
dialog: step.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Thanks, Teddy.
text: Racine pushes his chair back. Teddy seems torn about saying
dialog: more. He forces himself to --
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Racine... Don't thank me yet. These
dialog: guys here, they've been asking me
dialog: about The Breakers.
dialog: (reads Racine's
dialog: look)
dialog: I haven't told 'em shit. But I don't
text: like the look on their faces.
text: Racine gets up.
scene_heading: INT. RACINE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Racine listens to the endless ringing on the other end of
text: his call and slowly hangs up. The phone rings in the
text: reception room and Beverly picks it up, then hits the
dialog: hold button.
speaker_heading: BEVERLY
dialog: (yells)
dialog: Ned. It's Mrs. Walker. Do you want
dialog: her?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (he picks up)
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (filtered throughout)
dialog: Hello, Ned. Can we talk?
text: Racine swivels in his chair so that he can see Beverly in
text: the reception room. Beverly is just replacing the receiver
text: on the hook and for a moment, she gives Racine a strange,
text: ambivalent look. Racine watches her as she goes back to
text: work and speaks quietly into the phone.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 110.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Okay. Where are you?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I'm in Miami. I've been running around
dialog: like crazy and I could reach you
dialog: before I left.
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: Ned, everything's going to be all
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I've got the money. I've taken it
dialog: and sent it somewhere safe. It's all
dialog: ours now.
dialog: (Racine says nothing)
dialog: But that's not the best part.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: What's the best part?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: The glasses. I got them back. That
dialog: is, they should be ours by now.
dialog: Betty had them. She wanted money.
dialog: That's why I had to come down here.
dialog: She made it all very difficult, but
dialog: I think it worked out.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Do you have them?
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: No. She wouldn't do that. She's
text: putting them in the boathouse. In
text: the top drawer of the dresser in the
dialog: boathouse. They should be there
dialog: now, if she's kept up her end.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I think you'd better get them right
dialog: away. I don't trust her.
speaker_heading: RACINE
text: In the boathouse.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: That's right. The top drawer of the
dialog: dresser. Oh. Ned, we're going to be
dialog: all right. I'll leave here as soon
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 111.
speaker_heading: MATTY (CONT'D)
dialog: as I can. I should be there by seven-
dialog: thirty. I can't wait to see you,
dialog: darling. We've made it.
text: Racine is silent.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Good-bye, sweetheart.
text: She clicks off. Racine puts down the phone and stares at
dialog: it.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - COUNTY JAIL - DAY
text: Teddy Laursen watches as Oscar Grace and another Detective
text: come into the room. They look grim.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Teddy, this is Detective Knapp from
dialog: the Fort Lauderdale Arson Squad.
dialog: He's brought some very bad news about
dialog: that fire. Seems there were two people
text: who didn't get out.
text: Teddy reacts. It's the first time for him.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I know, Teddy. It's not like you.
dialog: And I'm willing to make that clear
dialog: to anybody who'll listen. But you're
dialog: going to have to help me out on this
dialog: Breakers business.
text: Teddy looks at him. Teddy is hurting.
scene_heading: INT. RACINE'S CAR - DUSK
text: Racine drives. The Stingray passes the sign --
dialog: "You are entering
speaker_heading: PINEHAVEN
dialog: Please drive safely"
text: The town looks well tended.
scene_heading: EXT. BOAT HOUSE - WALKER HOUSE - DAY
text: Racine comes down the lawn. He walks slowly toward the
text: boathouse. His walk is unsteady. Racine moves around to
text: the front of the boathouse and steps onto its wooden porch.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 112.
text: Racine's focus is on the doorknob of the closed door.
text: But he moves past it to the window. The curtains have
text: been carefully drawn across it; it is impossible to see
text: beyond them into the boathouse. Except... except for one
text: little slice at the bottom of the window where the curtains
text: are held apart a fraction of an inch by something. Racine
text: crouches down to look through the crack.
text: WHAT RACINE SEES. The curtains are being held apart this
text: little bit by a wire. A wire which is attached to the
text: window and runs tautly back into the gloom of the
text: boathouse. Racine shifts his head an inch and he can see
text: another wire. It originates from that same spot back in
text: the gloom and runs toward the door, although Racine, with
text: this limited view, cannot actually see where the wire is
dialog: attached. But Racine is not really trying --
text: Racine has rocked back on his heels away from the window.
text: He stands up and steps away from the boathouse. You might
dialog: call it a stagger.
scene_heading: INT. GRACE'S OFFICE - POLICE STATION - NIGHT
text: Lowenstein is in a chair. Grace is turned away, looking
text: out the window at the dark street. They both look dejected.
dialog: After a long silence --
speaker_heading: LOWENSTEIN
dialog: Stupid. That's always been the
dialog: problem.
dialog: (a beat)
text: Her mind encompasses his.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I better go get him.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR OF WALKER HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The house looms darkly. Racine has packed the Stingray in
text: the black shadows of the big tree behind the house, hiding
text: it. He starts to walk back around the driveway side of
text: the house when something catches his eye at the other end
text: of the house. He walks over there.
text: Close to that far wall, in shadow as deep as the one he
text: has just used is, to Racine's surprise -- Matty's
text: Mercedes. Racine stares at the car.
scene_heading: EXT. RACINE'S BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Grace comes out of the house and walks to his car,
dialog: thinking.
scene_heading: INT. EDMUND'S CLOSET - MATTY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Racine pushes aside some clothes and reaches up to a high
text: shelf. He feels around until he's got what he wants.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 113.
text: He pulls down the wooden case and opens it. Inside is
text: Edmund's .38 revolver.
scene_heading: EXT. DRAWBRIDGE ACROSS THE CANAL - NIGHT
text: Grace's car is among a dozen held up by the raised
text: drawbridge. A sailboat is gliding slowly through. Grace
text: is outside his car, leaning against it.
scene_heading: EXT. GAZEBO -- WALKER HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Close on Racine's watch -- ten-o-five.
text: The wind chimes on the gazebo TINKLE. Racine sits smoking
text: in the shadows. He takes another drink from a glass of
text: liquor. All the lights on the lawn, gazebo and boathouse
text: are off. Racine hears something and peers toward the
text: driveway. Headlights move very slowly up the drive toward
text: the house. It is Edmund's Cadillac, glowing in the
dialog: moonlight.
text: The Cadillac stops in front of the house and for several
text: moments nothing happens. Then Matty gets out of the car
dialog: Waterway.
text: She is wearing the same white dress she was wearing when
text: Racine first saw her and she is luminous in the moonlight.
text: Racine watches from the blackness of the gazebo. Silently.
text: Matty walks twenty feet past the gazebo and stops when
text: she can make out the boathouse in the gloom. She stares
text: at it a moment then turns back toward the house.
text: Racine steps to the edge of the gazebo. Matty seems
text: startled for only a split second.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Hello, darling.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Hello, Matty.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Where's your car?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: In the back. With yours.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Why haven't you turned on the lights?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I could see.
text: Matty comes up the steps and puts her arms around him.
text: She closes her eyes as she hugs him. They are one figure
text: melded in the gloom.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 114.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: It's all ours now, Ned. We could
dialog: leave tonight if we wanted. It's
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Yes, it is.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: (voice changed)
dialog: What's this --?
text: Suddenly she backs away from him, down the steps, her
text: white dress moving back into the bright moonlight from
text: the shadow of the gazebo. She looks up at Racine.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: It's Edmund's gun. You remember it,
dialog: don't you?
text: He has it in his hand now. He looks it over casually, but
text: the barrel is toward her.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: What is it, Ned? What's happened?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I think you know.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: No. I swear to you, I don't!
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: It's the glasses, Matty.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Weren't they there? Didn't she bring
dialog: them?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I didn't see them.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: She promised she'd bring them.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Maybe I missed them. The way you
dialog: missed them that night.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Ned, I don't know what you think,
dialog: but you're wrong. I haven't done
dialog: anything to hurt you. I love you.
dialog: You've got to believe me.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Keep talking, Matty. Experience shows
dialog: I can be convinced of anything.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 115.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET NEAR WALKER PLACE - NIGHT
text: Grace's car moves up the street past the gated drives.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK LAWN - NIGHT
text: Racine is at the bottom of the gazebo steps now. Matty
text: has backed away, toward the Waterway.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I did arrange to meet you. But, Ned,
dialog: it all changed. You changed it. I
dialog: fell in love with you. I didn't plan
dialog: that...
text: Racine laughs, short and bitterly.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: You never quit, do you? You just
dialog: keep on coming.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: How can I prove it to you? What can
dialog: I say?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: The glasses, Matty. Why don't you go
dialog: down there and get them?
text: Matty is silent. She starts to speak, but nothing comes
text: out. Now there is real fear in her eyes.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: But you said they weren't there.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I said I didn't see them.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY - WALKER HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Grace's car moves down the drive.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK LAWN - NIGHT
text: Racine has moved closer to Matty, away from the house.
text: They are only six feet apart. Tears are now rolling down
text: Matty's cheeks.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: I'll go, Ned. I'll go and look for
dialog: them.
text: She turns and starts walking toward the ocean. Just as
text: she is about to disappear into the shadows, she turns
text: back to him.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 116.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Ned... no matter what you think, I
dialog: do love you.
text: AT THE CORNER OF THE HOUSE
text: Grace has gotten out of his car. He starts toward the
text: front door, but sees Racine out on the lawn. He heads out
text: in that direction, but stops as Racine steps into a bright
text: spot of moonlit lawn and the gun's shiny silverplate glints
text: in the light. The gun is pointed at the retreating Matty.
text: Grace pulls his own gun from a shoulder holster and raises
text: it. He is about to call out, when Matty disappears
text: completely in the gloom. Racine lowers the revolver wearily
text: and stares out toward the boathouse. Grace lowers his
text: gun and looks out there too. He moves slowly forward.
text: Close on Racine's face. It's changing now. It's not just
text: that he's very tired. The hardness is going out of his
text: look. As the seconds tick by, and Matty does not reappear,
text: he begins to lose faith in his view of the world. He begins
text: to be afraid. Afraid for Matty. Even now.
text: A sudden breeze starts the wind chimes TINKLING loudly.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: No, Matty! Stop! Don't go in! Matty.
text: Racine breaks into a run, dropping the revolver on the
dialog: grass. He has taken two big strides when --
text: There is a sound like the ROAR of a dragon, and the roof
text: of the boathouse lifts and then disappears in a huge BALL
text: OF FLAME. The air is sucked around Racine's body, whipping
text: at his clothes, as he stumbles on the lawn and falls
dialog: forward.
text: Grace steadies himself against the side of the gazebo.
text: Racine knows horror. He struggles to his feet and stumbles
text: toward the fire. His body is silhouetted against the
text: leaping, ROARING flames in the night sky.
scene_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. RACINE'S CELL BLOCK - FLORIDA STATE PENITENTIARY -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Absolute quiet. We move above cell after cell, dark with
text: sleeping convicts.
text: We stop at Racine's cell. It is dark like the rest. Racine
text: is in there alone. We move down close to his sleeping
text: form. He looks thinner.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 117.
text: Suddenly he wakes with a start! His eyes snap open wide;
text: he is totally and instantly awake. He talks to himself,
text: with true amazement.
speaker_heading: RACINE
text: She's alive.
scene_heading: INT. VISITORS CENTER - FLORIDA STATE PENITENTIARY - DAY
text: Grace sits on the other side of the glass from Racine.
text: They talk on telephones. Grace's eyes are sad; they say
text: he thinks Racine is going crazy.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: But what if that was someone else's
dialog: body in there? What if it was already
dialog: there when I got there -- dead and
dialog: waiting for me. Maybe her friend...
dialog: Mary Ann.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Her teeth were left, man. We sent
dialog: them back to Illinois. The
dialog: identification was positive. That
dialog: was her, that was Matty Tyler Walker.
dialog: That was her and she's dead.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: You're not listening to me. What if
dialog: she's been using this other girl's
dialog: name? Since she met Walker three
dialog: years ago, since she first spotted
dialog: him and decided to take him... one
dialog: way or another. Maybe Walker -- or
dialog: any of us -- never knew her real
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Why would she want to hide her
dialog: identity?
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: I don't know. Maybe there was
text: something in her past, something so
dialog: bad she was afraid it would queer it
dialog: with Walker if he found out -- that
dialog: he'd never marry her.
text: Grace is unreceptive to this. But Racine is charged.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Let's say she's living as the other
dialog: girl, this girl from her past. Someone
dialog: whose history she knew and could use
dialog: any way she wanted. And there's only
dialog: one person in the world who knows
dialog: the truth.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 118.
speaker_heading: RACINE (CONT'D)
dialog: (he leans in)
dialog: And then just when Matty's got me on
text: the line, when she's finally going
dialog: to collect, that one person shows
dialog: up. That girl. Finds her. And
text: threatens to expose her. So Matty
text: starts paying her off. Maybe she
dialog: even promises to cut her in on
dialog: Edmunds' money. Now she's got to
text: share it with two people.
text: Racine peaks, tapping the glass between them as though it
dialog: were all there for Grace to see.
speaker_heading: RACINE
text: But when Matty sees a way to get rid
dialog: of both of them at once. A way to
dialog: solve all her problems and get clear,
text: with no one looking for her. At the
dialog: boathouse. You find two bodies, me
dialog: and this girl. Two killers dead.
dialog: Case closed.
text: Oscar isn't buying.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: You can't find the money, can you,
dialog: Oscar? Doesn't that tell you
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: It tells me she moved it and we can't
dialog: find it. And that don't mean shit.
dialog: It could be sittin' in any bank in
text: the world waiting for a dead lady to
dialog: come for it.
text: Racine, calmer now, shakes his head "no."
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Do you hear what you're saying? It's
dialog: crazy. This Matty would've had to
dialog: been one quick, smart broad.
text: Racine confirms Grace's fears with a look that can only
text: be called half-crazed. There's the glimmer of a rueful
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: RACINE
dialog: Oscar, don't you understand? That
dialog: was her special gift she was
dialog: relentless.
dialog: (much quieter)
dialog: Matty was the kind of person who
dialog: could do what was necessary. Whatever
dialog: was necessary.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 119.
text: These words have no special import to Grace. He looks at
text: Racine without hope.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Racine, you got to face something.
dialog: You killed Edmund Walker, man. And
dialog: you're going down for it. Two people
dialog: are dead. And no matter how you want
dialog: to figure it, you ain't bringin'
dialog: either of 'em back to life.
text: Grace gives him a long look, then hangs up the phone. He
text: stands up and walks away. Racine sits and stares.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. RACINE'S CELL BLOCK - DAY
text: Racine, bearded now, comes to the front of his cell to
text: get his mail. A Trustee hands through a book-size manila
text: envelope, which has been neatly opened by the prison
text: authorities. Racine looks at the return address and becomes
text: very intense. He sits on his cot and slides out a book. A
text: letter is clipped to the front. Racine scans it quickly
text: and begins looking through the book.
text: It is an old high school yearbook. Racine's fingers are
text: shaking slightly as they leaf quickly past black and white
text: scenes of youthful innocence among the Wheaton High School
dialog: Cougars of 1966.
text: He reaches the individual pictures of the seniors and hi
text: hurries through the O's and R's to the T's.
text: Racine's eyes are darting over the pages. Suddenly they
dialog: stop. He has found her entry. We see it too --
scene_heading: MARY ANN TYLER
dialog: Home Economics "Matty"
scene_heading: TRI-Y 29 39 4. CHORUS
dialog: Ambition -- "To Graduate"
text: The picture is not great. The pretty face is a little
text: cheap-looking. It is not the Matty he knew. It is her
text: friend from the back verandah, Mary Ann.
text: Racine's eyes dart. He thinks. Then, he flips back a few
dialog: pages. He finds what he wants --
scene_heading: MARY ANN SIMPSON
dialog: English
scene_heading: TRI-Y 2, 3, 4; CHORUS 2, 3, 4
scene_heading: HOMECOMING PRINCESS 3, 4; SWIMMING 2, 3
dialog: Ambition-- "To be rich and live in an exotic land."
dialog: We're very close on the type of her ambition when we pan
text: up the page to her smiling face. Her smile is so big, she
text: seems almost to be laughing.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 120.
text: Racine's face. That's the woman he loved.
text: Back to her picture. We're moving in on it. Closer. Closer.
dialog: And then through it --
text: To her real face, this Matty, this Mary Ann, alive and
dialog: fine in the sun of --
scene_heading: EXT. A HIGH PATIO - AN EXOTIC LAND - DAY
text: One shot, very close on that lovely face, moving around
text: it in a tight half-circle that barely lets us glimpse the
text: sun-drenched, foreign town far below and the tropical
text: foliage that surrounds the patio. For one brief moment,
text: she seems to be crying. But no, it is not a tear. It is a
text: little drop of sweat. She wipes it from her cheek as she
text: turns to an unseen male COMPANION, who has spoken to her
text: in Spanish. She wipes her eyes and looks off at him.
speaker_heading: COMPANION (O.S.)
dialog: Hace Calor.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: COMPANION (O.S.)
text: It is hot.
speaker_heading: MATTY
dialog: Yes.
text: She turns her face to the sun.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
