dialog: 
scene_heading: "BONNIE &amp; CLYDE"
dialog: by
dialog: David Newman &amp; Robert Benton
speaker_heading: FADE IN.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM. CLOSE-UP OF BONNIE PARKER. DAY
text: Blonde, somewhat fragile, intelligent in expression. She is
text: putting on make-up with intense concentration and
text: appreciation, applying lipstick and eye make-up. As the
text: camera slowly pulls back from the closeup we see that we
text: have been looking into a mirror. She is standing before the
text: full-length mirror in her bedroom doing her make-up. She
text: overdoes it in the style of the time: rosebud mouth and so
text: forth. As the film progresses her make-up will be refined
text: until, at the end, there is none.
text: The camera pulls back and continues to move very slowly
text: throughout the first part of this scene. As the camera
text: continues to move away, we see, by degrees, that BONNIE is
text: naked. Her nudity is never blatantly revealed to the
dialog: audience, but implied. That is, she should be "covered" in
text: various ways from the camera's P.O.V., but the audience must
text: be aware of her exposure to CLYDE later in the scene. This
dialog: is the only time in the film that she will ever be this
text: exposed, in all senses of the word, to the audience. Her
text: attitude and appraisal of herself here are touched with
dialog: narcissism.
text: The bedroom itself is a second-story bedroom in a lower-
text: class frame house in West Dallas, Texas. The neighborhood
text: is low income. Though the room reveals its shabby
text: surroundings, it also reveals an attempt by BONNIE to fix it
text: up. Small and corny objets d'art are all over the tops of
text: the bureaus, vanity tables, etc. (Little glass figurines and
dialog: porcelain statuettes and the like.)
text: BONNIE finishes admiring herself. She walks from the mirror
text: and moves slowly across the room, the camera moving with
text: her, until she reaches the screened window on the opposite
text: wall. The shade is up. There are no curtains. She looks
text: out the window, looking down, and the camera looks down with
dialog: her.
scene_heading: EXT. BEDROOM. BONNIE'S P.O.V. DAY.
text: Over her shoulder, we see the driveway leading to the garage
text: connected to the house. There is an old car parked in the
text: driveway, its windows open. We see a man walking up the
text: driveway, somewhat furtively. He is a rather dapper fellow,
text: dressed in a dark suit with a vest, a white collar, and a
text: straw boater. It is CLYDE BARROW. Obviously, he is about
text: to steal the car. He looks it over, checking around him to
text: make sure no passers-by are coming. He peers inside the
text: front window to see if the keys are in the ignition. He
text: studies the dashboard. BONNIE continues watching, silently.
text: Finally she calls out.
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Hey, boy! What you doin' with my
dialog: mama's car?
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY. DAY.
text: CLYDE, startled, jumps and looks to see who has caught him.
text: Obviously frightened, he looks up and his face freezes at
text: what he sees.
scene_heading: EXT. WINDOW. CLYDE'S P.O.V. DAY.
text: We now see what he is looking at: at the open window,
text: revealed from the waist up, is the naked BONNIE. She looks
text: down, an impudent half-smile on her face. She doesn't move
dialog: or make any attempt to cover herself.
scene_heading: EXT. CLOSE-UP OF CLYDE - DAY -
text: -- whose face changes from astonishment to an answering
text: smile of impudence. (Seeing what he has, he realizes that
text: this girl is clearly not going to scream for the police.
text: Already they are in a little game instigated by BONNIE,
text: sizing each other up, competing in a kind of playful
text: arrogance. Before they speak, they have become
dialog: coconspirators.)
text: Close-up of BONNIE, still smiling. Finally she speaks.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Wait there!
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM. DAY.
text: Running from the window, she flings open a closet and grabs
text: a dress, and shoes. She slips on the shoes, and flings the
text: dress on, running out the door as she does. The camera
text: tracks with her, moving as fast. As she runs down the
text: stairs she buttons up the dress.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY. DAY.
text: She flies out the door, slamming it behind her, runs off the
dialog: porch (all this has been one continuous movement since she
text: left the window, in great haste) and continues quickly into
text: the driveway. Four feet away from CLYDE, she stops on a
text: dime. They stand there, looking at each other, smiling the
text: same challenge. For a few seconds, no one speaks, then:
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (putting her on)
dialog: Ain't you ashamed? Tryin' to steal
text: an old lady's automobile.
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (with the same put-on)
dialog: I been thinkin' about buyin' me one.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Bull. You ain't got money for
dialog: dinner, let alone buy no car.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (still the battle of
dialog: wits going on)
dialog: Now I got enough money for cokes,
dialog: and since it don't look like you're
dialog: gonna invite me inside--
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: You'd steal the dining room table
dialog: if I did.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (he moves from his spot)
dialog: Come to town with me, then. How'd
dialog: that be?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (starting to walk
dialog: onto the sidewalk)
dialog: Goin' to work anyway.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. MOVING SHOT. DAY.
text: The camera tracks. It is a hot Texas afternoon, all white
text: light and glare. As they walk the block to town in this
text: scene, their manner of mutual impudence is still pervading.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Goin' to work, huh? What do you do?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: None of your business.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (pretending to give
dialog: it serious thought)
dialog: I bet you're a...movie star!
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: No...A lady mechanic?...No...A
dialog: maid?--
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (really offended by that)
dialog: What do you think I am?
dialog: 4.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (right on the nose)
text: A waitress.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (slightly startled by
dialog: his accuracy, anxious
dialog: to get back now that
dialog: he is temporarily
dialog: one-up)
dialog: What line of work are you in? When
dialog: you're not stealin' cars?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (mysteriously)
dialog: I tell you, I'm lookin' for suitable
dialog: employment right at the moment.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: What did you do before?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (coolly, knowing its effect)
dialog: I was in State Prison.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: State Prison?
dialog: (she shows her surprise)
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (herself again)
dialog: Guess some little old lady wasn't
dialog: so nice.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (tough)
dialog: It was armed robbery.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: My, my, the things that turn up in
dialog: the driveway these days.
text: They reach the corner and turn. They are on:
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET. DAY.
text: --a small-town street of barber shops, cafes, groceries, etc.
text: At the moment, it is deserted. They continue walking down
text: the empty street. CLYDE looks the place over. Tracking.
dialog: 5.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: What do y'all do for a good time
dialog: around here, listen to the grass
dialog: grow?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Guess you had a lot more fun up at
dialog: State Prison, huh?
text: CLYDE laughs, enjoying her repartee. They continue walking.
text: At a hydrant, CLYDE stops.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (showing off, but seriously)
dialog: See this foot?
dialog: (pointing at his
dialog: right foot)
text: I chopped two toes off of it. With
text: an axe.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: What? Why?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: To get off the damn work detail,
dialog: that's why.
dialog: (stopping)
dialog: Want to see?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (a lady of some sensitivity)
dialog: No!...
dialog: (turning a cute)
dialog: I surely don't intend to stand here
dialog: and look at your dirty feet in the
text: middle of Main Street.
text: They continue walking in silence past a few stores, each
dialog: planning what next to say.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Boy, did you really do that?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: You must be crazy.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 6.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION. DAY.
text: Gas station up the block. BONNIE and CLYDE are seen leaning
text: against the soft drink chest, their profiles silhouetted by
text: the bright sun. They are drinking cokes. As they begin to
text: talk, the camera moves in closer to them. CLYDE takes off
text: his hat and rubs the cold coke bottle across his forehead.
text: BONNIE watches him.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: What's it like?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Prison?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (very interested)
dialog: No, armed robbery.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (he thinks it a silly question)
dialog: It's...I don't know...it isn't like
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (thinking she's heard
dialog: proof that he's a liar)
dialog: Hah! I knew you never robbed bo
dialog: place, you faker.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (challenged)
dialog: Oh, yeah?
text: (studies her, then
dialog: makes up his mind to
dialog: show her)
text: Close-up. Gun. Day. He reaches in his jacket and pulls
text: out a gun. The camera moves to a closeup of the gun,
text: glinting in the sunlight.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. DAY.
text: The camera pulls back to show BONNIE looking at it with
text: fascination. The weapon has an immediate effect on her.
text: She touches it in a manner almost sexual, full of repressed
dialog: excitement.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (goading him on)
dialog: Yeah, well you got one all right, I
dialog: guess...but you wouldn't have the
dialog: gumption to use it.
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (picking up the
dialog: challenge, proving himself)
dialog: You just keep your eyes open.
scene_heading: EXT. LITTLE GROCERY STORE ACROSS THE STREET. DAY.
text: The camera remains just behind BONNIE's shoulder so that
text: throughout the following scene we have BONNIE in the picture,
dialog: looking at what we look at.
text: CLYDE goes into the little store. We remain outside with
text: BONNIE watching. For a minute nothing happens. We can
text: barely see what is going on in the store. Then CLYDE comes
text: out, walking slowly. In one hand he holds the gun, in the
text: other a fistful of money. He gets halfway, to BONNIE and
text: smiles broadly at her, a smile of charm and personality.
text: She smiles back. The moment is intense, as if a spark has
text: jumped from one to the other. Their relationship, which
text: began the minute BONNIE spotted him in the driveway, has now
text: really begun. CLYDE has shown his stuff and BONNIE is
dialog: "turned on."
text: Suddenly the old man who runs the grocery store comes
text: running out into the street, completely dumbfounded. He
text: stands there and says nothing, yet his mouth moves in silent
text: protest. CLYDE points the gun above him and fires. It is
text: the first loud noise in the film thus far and it should be a
text: shock. The old man, terrified, runs back into the store as
text: fast as he can, CLYDE quickly grabs BONNIE's hand. The
text: camera swings with them as they turn and begin to run down
text: the street. A few yards and the stores disappear entirely.
text: The landscape turns into that arid, flat and unrelieved
text: western plain that begins where the town ends.
scene_heading: EXT. STORE. AT THE EDGE OF TOWN. DAY.
text: A car is parked at the back of the store. As soon as they
text: reach it, CLYDE motions and BONNIE gets in. CLYDE runs to
text: the front, lifts up the hood and crosses the wires to make
text: it start. As he stands back, BONNIE calls to him:
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Hey, what's your name, anyway?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (he slams the hood)
dialog: Clyde Barrow.
text: He runs over to the door, opens it, shoves her over, and
text: starts up the engine. The entire sequence is played at an
text: incredible rapid pace.
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (loud, to make
dialog: herself heard over
dialog: the gunning motor)
dialog: Hi, I'm Bonnie Parker. Please to
dialog: meet you.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD. DAY.
text: VROOM! The car zooms off down the road, doing 90. The fast
text: country breakdown music starts up on the sound track, going
text: just as fast as the car.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR. DAY.
text: The car, still speeding, further down the road. We zoom
text: down and look in the rear window. CLYDE is driving, we see
text: from behind. BONNIE is all over him, biting his ear,
text: ruffling his hair, running her hands all over him--in short,
text: making passionate love to him while he drives. The thrill
text: of the robbery and the escape has turned her on sexually.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR. ANOTHER ANGLE. DAY.
text: The camera pulls back and above the car. The car starts to
text: go crazy in a comical fashion, manifesting to the audience
text: just what is happening to the driver controlling it. The
text: car swerves all over the road. The car comes to a sudden
text: halt. The car starts again. It swerves this time almost
text: right off the road before it straightens out. It jumps and
text: jerks. Another car comes down the road the other way and
text: CLYDE's car swerves so much as to make the other guy drive
text: right off the road into the dirt. It is almost Mack Sennett
dialog: stuff, but not quite that much.
scene_heading: INT. CAR. BONNIE AND CLYDE. DAY.
text: BONNIE grabs the wheel and turns it sharply.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR. DAY.
text: It hairpins off the road onto a shoulder beneath some trees.
scene_heading: INT. CAR. BONNIE AND CLYDE. DAY.
text: --still settling to a stop. BONNIE and CLYDE appear to be
text: necking heavily now, punctuated by BONNIE's squeals of
text: passion as she squirms and hops about like a flea, trying to
text: get to CLYDE. The floor gear-shift is keeping their bodies
text: apart, however. In exasperation, BONNIE takes the gear
text: shift and shoves it forward out of their way. She plunges
text: onto CLYDE, burying him from view.
dialog: 9.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (kissing, biting)
dialog: ...You ready?...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (muffled, laughing)
dialog: ...Hey, wait...
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (giggling herself)
dialog: Aren't you ready? Well, get ready!
text: BONNIE has obviously touched him. With savage coquetry she
text: tears into her clothes and his.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (muffled)
dialog: C'mon, honey, c'mon, boy...let's
dialog: go...let's...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (muffled)
dialog: Hey...hey, wait a minute...quit
dialog: that now, cut it out.
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: I said, cut it out!
text: He shoves her rudely away, slamming her into the far car
text: door. Suddenly it looks as if they've been fighting. Both
text: unbuttoned and unglued, they stare silently at one another,
text: breathing heavily. CLYDE gets out of the car, clearly
text: shaken. Despite the fact that he may have encountered this
dialog: situation many times before, it's one that no twenty-one-
text: year-old boy in 1932 is sophisticated enough to dismiss
text: easily with bravado.
text: BONNIE remains seated in the car. She seems terribly
text: vulnerable. She fumbles about for a cigarette, too confused
text: to figure out what didn't happen. CLYDE turns back and
text: reaches through the car window from the driver's side,
text: lighting it for her. BONNIE casts CLYDE a fishy stare, then
text: accepts the light.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (trying to be casual,
dialog: even insouciant)
dialog: Look, I don't do that. It's not
dialog: that I can't--
text: (his voice cracks,
dialog: the match burns his
text: fingers, and he bangs
text: his head onto roof of
dialog: car, and he goes
dialog: right on)
dialog: --it's just that I don't see no
dialog: percentage in it.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CLYDE (CONT'D)
dialog: I mean there's nothin' wrong with
dialog: me, I don't like boys.
text: BONNIE doesn't know what she thinks, and CLYDE is trying to
text: gauge her reaction--whether she feels rejected or repelled.
text: In fact, it's both--along with a little latent fascination.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
text: (finally, spitting
dialog: out smoke)
dialog: Boy...boy...boy...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (a little annoyed)
dialog: Boy, what?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Your advertising is dandy. Folks'd
dialog: just never guess you don't have a
dialog: thing to sell.
dialog: (a little afraid)
dialog: You better take me home, now.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (getting back into car)
dialog: Wait!
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Don't touch me!
text: She gets out of car, leaving CLYDE draped across the front
text: seat, reaching after her.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (almost shouting)
dialog: If all you want's stud service,
dialog: then get on back to West Dallas and
dialog: stay there the rest of your life!
text: This stops her. Now CLYDE pours it on, with an almost
text: maniacal exuberance that becomes more controlled as he gets
text: control of BONNIE.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: But you're worth more'n that, a lot
dialog: more, and you know it, and that's
dialog: why you come along with me. You
dialog: could find a lover boy on every
dialog: corner in town and it doesn't make
dialog: a damn to them whether you're
dialog: waiting on tables or picking
dialog: cotton, so long as you cooperate.
dialog: But it does make a damn to me!
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (turning, intrigued)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Why? Because you're different!
dialog: You're like me and you want
dialog: different things.
text: BONNIE is hooked now.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You and me travelin' together, we
dialog: could cut clean acrost this state,
dialog: and Kansas, too, and maybe dip into
dialog: Oklahoma, and Missouri or whatnot,
dialog: and catch ourselves highpockets and
dialog: a highheeled ol' time. We can be
dialog: somethin' we could never be alone.
dialog: I'll show you...when we walk into
dialog: the Adolphus Hotel in San Antone',
dialog: you wearin' a silk dress, they'll
dialog: be waitin' on you and believe me,
dialog: sugar, they're gonna know your last
dialog: name.
text: He stops, having begun to woo her to something more intense
text: than a casual, physical coupling.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: When'd you figure that all out?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: First time I saw you.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: How come?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (intensely, with real honesty)
dialog: 'Cause you may be the best damn
dialog: girl in Texas.
text: Close-up. BONNIE.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Who are you, anyway?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: INT. ROADSIDE CAFE. BONNIE AND CLYDE. DAY.
text: BONNIE and CLYDE seated in booth, now C.U. CLYDE. The sound
text: track bridges the scene: the question that BONNIE has just
text: asked is now suddenly rebutted by CLYDE, as he points a
text: finger at her.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (not answering her,
dialog: preferring to lead
dialog: the conversation)
dialog: I'll tell you about you.
dialog: He loves doing this and he does it well. The more he
text: envisions BONNIE's life, the more instinctively accurate he
text: becomes. She grows more and more fascinated, like a child
text: watching a mind reader.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Lessee...You were born somewheres
dialog: around East Texas...got a big old
dialog: family, right?...You went to
dialog: school, of course, but you didn't
dialog: take to it much 'cause you was a
dialog: lot smarter than everybody else
dialog: anyway. So you just quit. Now...
dialog: (thinking, playing it
dialog: for all it's worth)
dialog: ...When you were sixteen...no,
dialog: seventeen, there was a guy who
dialog: worked in...uh...
text: Pull back taking in BONNIE, favoring CLYDE.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (fascinated)
dialog: Cement plant--
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Right. Cement plant. And you
dialog: liked him 'cause he thought you was
dialog: just as nice as you could be. You
dialog: almost married that guy, but
dialog: then...you thought, no, you didn't
dialog: think you would. So you got your
dialog: job in the cafe...
dialog: (getting closer to
text: home now, hitting
dialog: them right in there)
dialog: And every morning you wake up and
dialog: you hate it. You just hate it.
dialog: And you get down there and you put
dialog: on your white uniform--
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (enthralled)
dialog: Pink.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: And the truck drivers come in to
dialog: eat greasy burgers and they kid you
dialog: and you kid them back, but they're
dialog: stupid and dumb, boys with big
dialog: tattoos all over 'em, and you don't
dialog: like it...And they ask you for
dialog: dates and sometimes you go...but
dialog: you mostly don't, and all they ever
dialog: try is to get into your pants
dialog: whether you want to or not...and
dialog: you go home and sit in your room
dialog: and think, when and how will I ever
dialog: get away from this?...And now you
dialog: know.
text: BONNIE is half-mesmerized by his talk. A waitress comes
text: with their food. A cheap, gaudy dame, she has spit curls on
text: each temple in the style of the times. CLYDE looks at her
text: and at BONNIE, who also wears spit curls. As soon as the
dialog: waitress leaves:
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (pointing at her hair)
dialog: Change that. I don't like it.
text: Without a word of protest, BONNIE immediately reaches in her
text: bag and takes out a mirror. She holds it up and with the
text: other hand, brushes back her spit curls into her hair. She
text: never again wears them. When she has pushed them back she
text: looks at CLYDE for his approval. He nods his okay. She
text: smiles, puts back her mirror and begins to eat her food.
text: She's ravenously hungry and eats with total concentration on
text: her plate. CLYDE doesn't touch his food, just watches
text: BONNIE eat for a minute.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: God, you're a knockout.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE CAFE. DAY FOR DUSK.
text: CLYDE and BONNIE emerge from the cafe into the early evening.
text: They move toward the car they have stolen. Just beyond sits
text: a newer model car. BONNIE is surprised to see CLYDE head
text: toward the newer car.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Hey, that ain't ours.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Sure it is.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: But we came in this one.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Don't mean we have to go home in it.
text: She walks amazed around the new car and gets in beside him.
text: He turns the key and they pull away from the cafe.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED FARM HOUSE. A WIDE SHOT OF THE PARLOR LIVING
scene_heading: ROOM. DAY.
text: The room is bare. In the middle BONNIE is waking, having
text: slept on a couple of car seats covered with an old piece of
text: tattered blanket. There are windows behind her. She looks
text: about bewildered.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Clyde...
text: She starts to panic and runs to the window.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Clyde...
text: At another window CLYDE appears.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Hey, lady.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (chagrined at her fear)
dialog: Where you been keeping yourself?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
text: Slept out by the car.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Oh...These accommodations ain't
dialog: particularly deluxe.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: No...If they're after us, I want
dialog: the first shot. Come on, you got
dialog: some work to do.
text: BONNIE moves to the door and out of the house.
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: EXT. FARM HOUSE. FRONT YARD. DAY.
text: On the door is a sign which reads:
speaker_heading: INSERT:
scene_heading: PROPERTY OF MIDLOTHIAN CITIZENS BANK -- TRESPASSERS WILL BE
speaker_heading: PROSECUTED.
text: Wide angle. Across fence. Day. On the dilapidated picket
text: fence six old bottles have been placed. As BONNIE joins
text: CLYDE he turns and fires six quick shots. The bottles
dialog: disappear.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: You're good.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: The best.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: And modest...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Come on. Got you all set up over
dialog: here.
text: Wider angle. They move around to the side of the building
text: where CLYDE points to a tire hanging by a rope from a tree.
text: He means that to be BONNIE's target. He hands her a gun.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Set her spinnin'.
text: BONNIE fires. She misses.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Again. Come down slow with it...
text: BONNIE fires again and hits the tire. She smiles and blows
text: the smoke from the barrel in pride and self-mockery.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Ain't you something? I tell you
dialog: I'm going to get you a Smith and
dialog: Wesson, it'll be easier in your
dialog: hand. Now try it again once...
text: BONNIE sights. As she is about to fire, a man appears
text: around the corner of the building. A FARMER. She fires and
text: hits the tire.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: Heighdo.
dialog: 16.
text: CLYDE whirls at the sound. He grabs gun from BONNIE because
text: his is empty. He aims at FARMER.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: No sir...no sir. You all go right
dialog: ahead.
text: CLYDE watches him warily.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Used to be my place. Not any more.
dialog: Bank took it.
text: CLYDE and BONNIE start to move toward the farmer. All three
text: move around to the front of the building. At a distance we
text: see an Okie car loaded with belongings. A WOMAN with a BABY
text: in arms sits in front. A smaller BOY stands outside the car.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: Yessir, moved us off. Now it
dialog: belongs to them.
text: (He points at the
dialog: foreclosure sign.)
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Well, that's a pitiful shame.
text: CLYDE shakes his head sympathetically. He loads the empty
dialog: gun.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: You're damned right, ma'm.
text: He looks up to see an OLD NEGRO who has come from a distance
text: shack and now stands near CLYDE's car.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: (nodding toward Negro)
dialog: Me and him put in the years here.
dialog: Yessir. So you all go right ahead.
dialog: We just come by for a last look.
text: He stands a moment looking at the house and then turns
text: around toward his family in the car. CLYDE and BONNIE look
text: after him. CLYDE spins and fires three fast shots into the
text: fore-closure sign. The FARMER stops and turns, looking at
text: CLYDE. CLYDE offers the gun to the farmer. He looks at it,
text: then accepts it. He slowly takes aim at the sign and fires.
text: It pleases him. He looks at CLYDE and BONNIE who smile.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: You all mind?
text: BONNIE and CLYDE are puzzled.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: Hey, Davis! Come on over here.
text: The NEGRO moves toward them. Now BONNIE understands. She
text: takes the second gun from CLYDE and hands it to DAVIS.
text: DAVIS looks from BONNIE to the FARMER and toward the house.
text: The FARMER fires again. This time at a window. He nods to
text: DAVIS. DAVIS slowly raises the gun and fires at another
text: window. It shatters and they can't keep from laughing. The
text: FARMER returns the gun as does DAVIS.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Much obliged.
text: He extends his hand. CLYDE shakes it.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: Otis Harrison. And this here's
dialog: Davis. We worked this place.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (formally)
dialog: Miss Bonnie Parker. And I'm Clyde
dialog: Barrow.
text: Across farmer's car. Wide shot. Day. The FARMER turns and
text: moves toward his people. DAVIS moves toward his shack.
text: CLYDE and BONNIE in the b.g.
text: Close angle. BONNIE and CLYDE.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: We rob banks.
text: BONNIE turns quickly to look at CLYDE. He smiles and nods.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN.
scene_heading: EXT. A LONG, COUNTRY ROAD. DAY.
text: A car is driving down it. It is the next day. BONNIE is
text: driving, CLYDE beside her.
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: INT. CAR. DAY.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: You just stay in the car and watch
dialog: and be ready.
dialog: (he is playing it
dialog: cool, knowing she is
text: scared. He thinks
dialog: he's James Cagney)
dialog: Okay now?
text: (he hands her a gun
dialog: from the glove compartment)
dialog: You just be ready if I need you.
text: BONNIE's hands are tense on the wheel. Her face shows how
text: nervous she is now that the time has come.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Scared?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: No.
text: They drive in silence.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: What are you thinkin' about?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Nothin'.
scene_heading: EXT. BUSINESS STREET OF A LITTLE TOWN. DAY.
text: We are still in the car. BONNIE pulls over and stops by the
text: bank. CLYDE is frozen in his seat. We can see that, for
text: all his talk, he is scared, too.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: What are you waitin' for?
text: That gets him. CLYDE throws the door open and jumps,
text: practically dives out the door. The camera follows his
text: motion right inside the bank, tracking very fast.
scene_heading: INT. BANK #1. DAY.
text: Something is very screwy here. The bank is dark, the TELLER
text: is half asleep over his books. CLYDE approaches, thrusts
text: the gun at him.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (with a swagger)
dialog: This is a stickup. Just take it
dialog: easy and nothin' will happen to you.
dialog: Gimme the money.
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: (looking up with no
text: fear, his voice calm
dialog: and conversational)
dialog: Heighdy.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (nonplussed at this)
dialog: Gimme the money!
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: What money? There ain't no money
dialog: here, mister.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (totally befuddled at
dialog: the turn of events)
dialog: What do you mean there ain't no
dialog: money? This here is a bank, ain't
dialog: it?
text: The camera pans around the bank. We see that it is empty,
text: dusty and shuttered.
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: This was a bank. We failed three
dialog: weeks ago.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (furious)
dialog: What? What??
text: In a rage, he goes behind the partition, grabs the teller
text: and pushes him ahead with the gun. CLYDE is fuming. He
text: forces the teller out the front door.
scene_heading: EXT. BANK #1. DAY.
text: --showing BONNIE in the car. She is terrified as she sees
text: CLYDE and the TELLER coming at her. She doesn't understand
dialog: what is happening.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (shoving the teller forward)
dialog: Tell her! Tell her!
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: (acting like a man
dialog: who has had his sleep
dialog: interrupted by lunatics)
dialog: As I was tellin' this gentleman,
dialog: our bank failed last month and
dialog: ain't no money in it. I sure am
dialog: sorry.
text: BONNIE's reaction is one of hysterical relief and
text: appreciation of what's funny in the situation. She laughs
text: uproariously, she can't stop laughing. This makes CLYDE
text: madder than ever. He shoves the teller to the ground.
scene_heading: INT. CAR. DAY.
text: Completely humiliated, CLYDE gets in the car, shoving BONNIE
text: over. She is still laughing. BONNIE starts the car. CLYDE
text: points his gun out the window.
text: Close shot. Bank window--whereon is lettered: ASSETS-$70,000.
scene_heading: INT. CAR. CLYDE AND BONNIE. DAY.
text: Angle to include bank window. CLYDE aims and puts a bullet
text: through each of the zeros. We see each zero shot through.
text: Then the entire window hangs there for a second and suddenly
text: crashes. On the soundtrack, BONNIE's laughter.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CAR. DAY.
text: --still driving. BONNIE has still not fully recovered from
text: her mirth, but is quieting down because she sees that CLYDE
dialog: is really mad and can't be pushed too far.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (steaming)
dialog: We got $1.98 and you're laughin'.
text: She tries to stop.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. DAY.
text: The car pulls down another street of shops in another little
text: hick town. A grocery store ahead.
scene_heading: INT. CAR.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Keep it running.
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: INT. GROCERY STORE. DAY.
text: There is an old CLERK behind the counter, and standing in
text: the b.g., almost out of our vision, is a BUTCHER--an enormous
text: giant of a man. CLYDE steps up to the counter.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Give me a loaf of bread, a dozen
text: eggs and a quart of milk.
text: The CLERK gets the order and puts it in a bag. He rings
text: open the cash register preparatory to asking CLYDE for the
text: money. CLYDE pulls his gun.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: This is a stickup. I'll take all
dialog: the money in that drawer now.
text: He reaches over the counter into the cash drawer and grabs
text: the bills. He smiles. Suddenly looming beside CLYDE is the
text: BUTCHER, brandishing a meat cleaver. Camera looks up at
text: this formidable sight as the cleaver comes crashing down,
text: missing CLYDE and sticking in the wooden counter. He grabs
text: CLYDE around the chest in a bear hug and actually lifts him
text: off the ground. The struggle is in silence. CLYDE is
text: terrified, fighting wildly to get free. The gun in CLYDE's
text: hand is pinned, because the man has CLYDE's arm pinned to
text: his thigh. CLYDE tries to raise the barrel at an upward
text: angle to shoot, finally he is able to do so. He fires. The
text: bullet enters the BUTCHER's stomach. The BUTCHER screams,
text: but reacts like a wounded animal, more furious than ever.
text: He still holds CLYDE in a fierce hug, staggering around the
text: store, knocking into shelves and spilling cans. CLYDE is
text: hysterical with fear. He shoots the BUTCHER again. The
text: BUTCHER falls to his knees, but still he doesn't release
text: CLYDE. In a panic, CLYDE drags the man to the door, trying
dialog: to get out.
scene_heading: EXT. GROCERY STORE. DAY.
text: BONNIE sees CLYDE and the BUTCHER holding his legs. She is
text: terrified. CLYDE drags him out on the street. The BUTCHER
text: won't let go. CLYDE, in real panic, aims the gun at his
text: head and fires. Click. Out of bullets. In blind fury, he
text: pistol-whips the BUTCHER's head with two terrific swipes.
text: Finally the BUTCHER lets go. Hysterical, CLYDE jumps away
text: and leaps into the car on the other side. BONNIE still at
dialog: the wheel.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Get the hell out of here!
text: They drive-off at top speed.
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: INT. CAR. DAY.
text: CLYDE is shaken. He speaks haltingly, panting; trying to
dialog: get control of himself.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Damn him, that big son of a bitch...
dialog: He tried to kill me... I ain't got
dialog: eyes in back of my head... I didn't
dialog: want to hurt him. It wasn't a real
dialog: robbery... Some food and a little
dialog: bit of dough. I'm not against him.
dialog: Damn!
scene_heading: EXT. SPEEDING CAR. DAY.
text: The car is speeding down an open road. Suddenly it begins
text: to buck and cough. There is something wrong with the motor.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT. C.W. MOSS. EXT. FILLING STATION.
text: His cherubic cheeks are puffed up as he blows into the fuel
text: lines of CLYDE's car. There is a distinctly flat sound.
text: Reaction: CLYDE and BONNIE. CLYDE stands by the hood.
text: BONNIE remains seated in the car. CLYDE is covered with
text: sweat and grease--clearly he has gotten in his licks on the
text: engine without success. Neither he nor BONNIE seems
text: impressed by the noise C.W. is making.
text: Another angle. C.W.--as he screws back the fuel line and
text: moves between BONNIE and CLYDE to the ignition, turning the
text: engine over. It purrs beautifully. CLYDE is astonished.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: What was wrong, anyway?
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (moving back to screw
dialog: on gas cap)
text: Air bubble--clogged the fuel line.
text: C.W. now stands between BONNIE and CLYDE.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I just blowed her away.
text: CLYDE still can't get over it.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: You just blowed it away.
text: C.W. belches. He is embarrassed before BONNIE.
dialog: 23.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: 'Scuse me, ma'm... Anythin' else I
dialog: can do for you?
text: CLYDE nods vigorously, looking across C.W.'s back to BONNIE.
text: BONNIE gets the message.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Well...I'm not sure...
dialog: (she looks around)
dialog: Say, them little red things there
dialog: stickin' up? Are they gas pumps?
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (he's not too bright)
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Isn't that interesting? How does
dialog: that there gasoline get in my
dialog: little old car?
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (trying to be helpful)
dialog: Well, y'see, there's this tank
text: underground, and the gas comes up
dialog: this tube into the pump and into
dialog: your car, M'am.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: My, you're a smart fellow. You
dialog: sure know a lot about automobiles,
dialog: don't you?
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (he has no idea he's
dialog: being toyed with)
dialog: Yeah, I do.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Well, would you know what kind of a
dialog: car this is?
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (touching it)
dialog: Yeah, it's a Chevrolet 8-cylinder
dialog: coupe.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: No, no.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: Sure it is.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: No, this is a stolen Chevrolet 8-
text: cylinder coupe.
text: C.W. jerks his hand off it as if he touched a hot stove.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (getting in the conversation)
dialog: You ain't scared, are you?
dialog: (to Bonnie)
dialog: I believe he is. What a pity. We
dialog: sure coulda used a smart boy who
dialog: knows such a great deal about
dialog: automobiles.
dialog: (suddenly business-
dialog: like, to C.W.)
dialog: You a good driver, boy?
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (getting quite confused)
dialog: I guess so.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (pretending to cool
dialog: on him)
dialog: No, I don't think so. He's better
dialog: off here...
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: What's your name, boy?
dialog: C.W.
dialog: C.W. Moss.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: What's the C.W. for?
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: Clarence Wallace.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: I'm Miss Bonnie Parker and this is
dialog: Mr. Clyde Barrow. We... rob...
dialog: banks.
dialog: (C.W. reacts with
dialog: wide eyes)
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (swiftly, testing his mettle)
dialog: Ain't nothing wrong with that, is
dialog: there, boy?
dialog: 25.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Uh, nope--
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (with a put-on sigh)
dialog: No, he ain't the one.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Unless, Boy, you think you got
dialog: enough guts for our line of work?
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (affronted in his
dialog: dumb way)
dialog: What do you mean? I served a year
dialog: in the reform school.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Oh, a man with a record!
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Now look here, I know you got the
dialog: nerve to short-change old ladies
dialog: who come in for gas, but what I'm
dialog: askin' you is have you got what it
dialog: takes to pull bank jobs with us?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Mr. C.W. Moss?
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (anxious to prove himself)
dialog: Sure, I could. Sure I could. I
dialog: ain't scared, if that's what you
dialog: think.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Prove it.
text: C.W. walks away from the car. Camera remains where it was.
text: We see him walk inside the gas station office, open the cash
text: drawer, close it and come out. He emerges with a fistful of
text: money. He walks over to BONNIE's window, sticks his hand
text: inside and drops the money on her lap. We see the bills
text: flutter down. Not a word is spoken. BONNIE moves over into
text: the middle. C.W. opens the door and gets in behind the
text: wheel. For a moment we see them all sitting there, each
text: smiling their little smile. CLYDE starts to hum a hillbilly
text: tune quietly. The sound track picks it up (banjo and
text: violin, etc.) and as the music swells, they drive off down
dialog: the road.
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM. DAY.
text: A small room with a bed. On it, covered by a sheet which
text: humps like a mountain over his enormous stomach, is the
text: BUTCHER. His head is propped up on a pillow and he sips a
text: liquid through a bent glass straw. Camera is on the left
text: side of the head of the bed, seeing the BUTCHER in a three-
text: quarter profile. On the opposite side of the bed stands a
text: uniformed patrolman who is in the act of flashing mug-shot
text: photos for the BUTCHER to identify his assailant. The
text: lawman holds a stack of them in front of them, swiftly
text: changing the cards like a grade-school teacher with her
text: flash cards. At each picture, the BUTCHER grunts negatively
text: and goes on sipping from his glass straw. One picture, two,
text: three go by. The fourth picture is a mug shot of CLYDE.
text: Again the BUTCHER grunts 'no,' without hesitation. As the
text: next picture comes into view, we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MOTEL. NIGHT.
text: --on a painted wooden sign, lit by one attached light, which
text: reads: "MOTOR COURT".
scene_heading: INT. ROOM IN MOTOR COURT. NIGHT.
text: --in darkness. Camera is close on BONNIE. She is awake and
text: restless. O.S. comes the measured snoring that we will
text: think comes from CLYDE. BONNIE raises up and kneels over
text: Clyde. She needs him. Clyde seems to snore on. Camera
text: drops between them and we see that the snoring actually
text: comes from C.W. BONNIE drops back on her pillow. We cut
text: close on CLYDE. He is awake.
scene_heading: INT. CAFE. DAY.
text: BONNIE, CLYDE and C.W. seated in a booth in a cafe. The
text: Waitress brings the food and serves everybody. We see C.W.
text: With great concentration, as he does everything by relating
dialog: to the immediate action he happens to be involved with, he
text: takes the sugar shaker and begins methodically sprinkling
text: sugar over all his food. He sugars the meat, the beans, and
text: the beets. BONNIE and CLYDE watch this performance with
text: first, amazement and second, disgust. They can't believe
dialog: what they see.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (incredulously)
dialog: C.W., what are you doing? Why do
dialog: you do that?
dialog: 27.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (beginning to eat it)
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: It's just disgusting, that's why.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (chewing)
dialog: Not to me it ain't.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: But...but it makes everything sweet!
dialog: C.W.
dialog: Yeah, I know.
text: With a resigned expression, BONNIE turns away and begins to
text: eat. Suddenly a look of consternation crosses C.W.'s face.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: Damn! No mayonnaise!
text: He gets up and goes down to the counter on the other end of
text: the restaurant, out of our vision, apparently planning to
text: put mayonnaise over the sugar. The minute he is out of
text: earshot, BONNIE gets CLYDE's attention.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Clyde, why does he have to stay in
dialog: the same room as us?
text: CLYDE seems not to have heard the question. He takes up the
text: sugar shaker and spreads a thin field of sugar on the dark
text: table surface. He will sketch his plan in the sugar.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Lemme show you about tomorrow.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Now C.W.'ll be waitin' right
text: outside in the car. Here is the
text: teller's cage. Four of them and
dialog: over here the desks and what have
dialog: you...
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Why, Clyde...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Hmmm??
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: In the same room with us?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Hell, where else? Ain't gonna
dialog: spread out all over the state...
text: The harshness of his tone concerns him and he recovers with
text: a smile.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Not yet, anyway. Now, the door to
dialog: the bank is here now. You cover me
dialog: from there.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
text: (takes his hand to
dialog: her face)
dialog: Just that I love you so much.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: You're the best damn girl in Texas.
text: C.W. comes back with the mayonnaise; looks at the table.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: Hey, you spilled the sugar.
text: Three shot.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (eating)
dialog: The layout for tomorrow up in
dialog: Mineola.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: Mineola? Gosh, that's four, five
dialog: hundred miles from here!
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: So what? We take U.S. 85 to Willis
dialog: Point, don't you know, and cut over
dialog: on State Highway 28 at Kaufman,
dialog: keep on goin' till we hit the farm-
dialog: to-market road that connects to 105
dialog: and that's right up by Mineola. On
dialog: a Saturday afternoon...
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL KANSAS TOWN.
text: The car driving into a small Kansas town. It is Saturday
text: afternoon, sunny. The streets are filled with people, cars,
dialog: wagons. C.W.
dialog: 29.
text: is driving, BONNIE is in front with him, CLYDE is in the
text: back. C.W. looks scared to death at the idea of robbing a
text: bank. The car pulls up in front of the bank, double-parked.
text: BONNIE and CLYDE get out.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR. DAY.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Keep it running.
text: BONNIE and CLYDE enter bank.
scene_heading: INT. BANK #2. DAY.
text: Cut to the interior of the bank. BONNIE and CLYDE come in,
text: assume the class positions--she at the door where she can
text: cover the bank, CLYDE at the first teller's cage.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (in a very quiet voice)
dialog: This is a stickup.
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: This is a stickup.
text: This time everyone in the bank hears it. The people gasp
text: and pull back. CLYDE slowly edges toward the door and prods
text: BONNIE forward. She carries a paper sack. CLYDE motions
dialog: her to go from cage to cage and get all of the money.
text: BONNIE begins doing so, while CLYDE keeps his gun trained on
dialog: everybody. We see BONNIE get the money from the first
dialog: teller, the second teller, then...
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL TOWN STREET. DAY.
text: A car parked in a tight spot has just pulled out.
text: Close-up C.W. Day--who suddenly looks delighted to see a
dialog: parking space.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR - STREET. DAY.
text: Immediately he methodically begins to back in. It's a tight
text: spot and he has to cut the wheel, pull forward, cut some
text: more, pull back and so on. The scene, for the audience,
dialog: should be nervous and funny.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: INT. BANK #2. DAY.
text: Inside the bank, BONNIE and CLYDE have filled the sack.
text: They run out the door, the camera tracks with them.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL TOWN STREET. DAY.
text: They run for where the car was, but it isn't there. Then
text: they see C.W. has parked it.
scene_heading: INT. CAR. DAY.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Let's go! Let's go!
text: C.W. suddenly realizes what a stupid thing he's done.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR. STREET. DAY.
text: C.W. tries to shoot out of the parking spot, but he can't.
text: He has to go through the business of backing up, cutting the
text: wheel and all of it. The scene is one of pure pandemonium
dialog: and chaos.
scene_heading: INT. CAR.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Come on! Get it out!
scene_heading: EXT. CAR. DAY.
text: A policeman arrives and begins firing at car. C.W. gets the
text: car halfway out of the spot, scraping fenders in the process,
text: and the car is almost out when suddenly a face looms up at
text: the window--a dignified, white-haired, celluloid-collared
text: man, obviously a bank official who has leaped onto the
text: running board. His screaming can barely by distinguished
text: from all the noise.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Stop!
text: CLYDE fires through the window.
text: Close-up (special effects). The face of the man explodes in
text: blood. Then he drops out of sight.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR. DAY.
text: The car shoots off down the road, doing ninety. Police are
text: firing at the escaping car; BONNIE and CLYDE are shooting
text: out the back window; C.W. is almost having a nervous
text: breakdown at the wheel.
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. A MOVIE HOUSE. DAY.
text: A police car that had been chasing CLYDE and BONNIE's car
text: comes down the street. It is obvious that the cops have
text: lost them. They are searching the street for a sign of
text: CLYDE's car. They pass a movie house whose marquee reads:
text: "GOLDDIGGERS OF 1933." They slow for a moment, decide that
text: is not a probable place to look. They drive off.
scene_heading: INT. MOVIE HOUSE. WIDE ACROSS AUDIENCE AT SCREEN.
text: The opening musical sequence of "Golddiggers" is on the
text: screen. Ginger Rogers sings "We're In The Money." Among
dialog: the audience we cannot make out our three people. It is a
text: small audience and thinly dispersed.
text: Tight shot at audience. Camera pans the audience while on
text: the track we hear the music of the song. First of our group
text: who becomes visible is C.W. He is staring at the screen and
text: eating bites from a candy bar in each hand. Camera pans
text: further and we see that CLYDE is in the row behind C.W. and
text: a few seats to one side. CLYDE is nervous and keeps watching
text: the entrance doors. He is in a rage. He shifts in his seat.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Boy, you gotta be poor in the head.
dialog: You...! Count of you I killed a
dialog: man. Murder...you too.
text: Shot from behind CLYDE. Shooting toward screen.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Dumb ass stupid.
text: C.W. turns to CLYDE and nods agreement. This infuriates
text: CLYDE even more. He slaps the back of C.W.'s head.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Ever do a dumb thing like that
dialog: again, I'll kill you boy!
text: Angle at BONNIE. She has been watching the movie; is now
text: disturbed by the noise. She turns back to CLYDE from her
text: seat on the aisle.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Ssshh! If you boys want to talk
dialog: why don't you go outside?
text: She smiles at her joke and turns back to the screen to the
text: movie which she is obviously enjoying enormously.
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: INT. CHEAP MOTEL BATHROOM. CLOSE-UP BONNIE. DAY.
text: On the right of the screen, f.g., BONNIE stands at the sink
text: fixing her make-up in the mirror. The make-up has become
text: more conservative. On the left, further back, is a bathtub
text: and in it sits C.W. His head and knees peek over the gray,
text: soapy water. He is engaged with his usual single-minded
text: concentration, in washing himself, carefully scrubbing his
text: arms, not a thought in his head. BONNIE finishes her make-
text: up and regards herself quizzically, tilting her head to look
text: at herself at different angles. She is smoking a cigarette,
dialog: and really, studying herself.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: What do you think of me, C.W.?
dialog: C.W.
dialog: Uh...well, you're just fine, I
dialog: guess. Uh, well, course you're a
dialog: real good shot...and...uh...well,
dialog: sometimes you look pretty as a
dialog: painting.
text: Camera stays with BONNIE during all this, watching her look
text: at herself as she listens to C.W.'s evaluation. She has a
text: narcissistic concern at the moment and as she hears him
text: enumerate her values, she thinks about each in turn and
dialog: decides yes, that's true.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: Hey, uh, Bonnie...could you get me
dialog: that washrag there?
text: Responding automatically, BONNIE turns and walks to a towel
text: rack, pulls the washcloth off and starts toward C.W. when
text: suddenly she stops with a smile on her face and a sudden
text: motion. Teasingly, she holds the washcloth out at arm's
dialog: length.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (coyly)
dialog: Why'nt you come get it?
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (not even realizing
dialog: what's on her mind)
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (wiggling the
dialog: washcloth like a
dialog: bull-fighter's cape)
dialog: Whyn't you come get it, C.W.?
dialog: 33.
text: Suddenly C.W. looks mortally embarrassed as he realizes what
dialog: that would entail.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: Aw, Bonnie, come on, gimme it.
text: BONNIE tries another tack. She begins sauntering over
text: slowly, teasingly, still holding out the treasured washcloth.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (pertly)
dialog: All right, I'll bring it myself.
text: As she moves closer to the tub, C.W. realizes that she will
text: be able to peer down into the tub and see him and he
text: frantically reaches up with one hand and yanks the washcloth
text: into the tub, causing a great splash. BONNIE, somewhat the
text: victim of the splash, jumps back and away. Recovering her
text: composure, she looks at C.W. who is slunk down in the tub
text: like a gross September Morn. She has tried him and he has
text: failed; she realizes now that he was no choice for her; no
text: real man, even if he might perform sexually. He is a lump.
text: This irritates her; his very presence is demeaning to
text: herself and CLYDE.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (irritated with
dialog: herself for even
dialog: thinking of such a thing)
dialog: You simpleton, what would you do if
dialog: we just pulled out some night while
dialog: you was asleep?
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (trying to give the
dialog: right answer, but
dialog: obviously faking it)
dialog: Oh, I wouldn't know what to do.
dialog: But you wouldn't do that. You
dialog: couldn't now.
text: BONNIE realizes, with some weariness, the inevitable truth
text: of what he's said; thus resigned, she says patronizingly:
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: That's right, C.W. We'll always be
dialog: around to take care of you.
text: Pointedly, she throws her cigarette in his bath-water,
text: "Sssssssssss." She turns and leaves the bathroom, slamming
text: the door behind her.
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM.
text: Camera goes with her into the connecting bedroom. CLYDE is
text: sitting on the edge of the bed cleaning the guns and oiling
text: them. He is quiet and preoccupied and takes no note of
text: BONNIE's present condition. The moment she enters, he looks
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Bonnie, I want to talk to you. Sit
dialog: down.
text: BONNIE sits, a little taken off balance by his serious
text: manner. But she listens quietly.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: This afternoon we killed a man and
dialog: we were seen. Now nobody knows who
dialog: you are yet, but they're going to
dialog: be after me and anybody who's
dialog: runnin' with me. Now that's murder
dialog: now and it's gonna get rough.
scene_heading: (BONNIE nods. CLYDE
dialog: continues speaking
dialog: carefully and gently.)
dialog: Look, I can't get out, but right
dialog: now you still can. You say the
dialog: word and I'll put you on the bus to
dialog: go back to your Mother. 'Cause you
dialog: mean a lot to me, honey, and I
dialog: ain't going to make you run with me.
dialog: So if you want, you say the word.
text: BONNIE, moved by his offer, has tears in her eyes.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (as he pauses)
dialog: Why? We ain't gonna have a minute's
dialog: peace.
text: BONNIE doesn't like him in this mood. She tries to josh him
text: out of it.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Oh, pshaw.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (trying to make her
dialog: see the seriousness
dialog: of it)
dialog: Bonnie, we could get killed.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (death has no reality
dialog: for her)
dialog: Who'd wanna kill a sweet young
dialog: thing like me?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (amused in spite of himself)
dialog: I ain't no sweet young thing.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Oh, Clyde, I can't picture you with
dialog: a halo, and if you went to the
dialog: other place you'd rob the Devil
dialog: blind, so he'd kick you right back
dialog: to me.
text: Close-up. CLYDE--touched deeply, realizes that this was a
dialog: lovely thing to say to him.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL BEDROOM.
text: They kiss. They are near the bed on which are some guns
text: that CLYDE has been cleaning. The kiss moves toward real
text: love making. They are on the bed and push the guns aside.
text: Some fall to the floor. CLYDE breaks the embrace after it
text: has reached a high pitch. He moves away from the bed toward
text: the window. BONNIE follows him and embraces him from the
text: rear. They are miserable. BONNIE frees him and returns to
text: the bed. She falls on it face down. A gun presses into her
text: face. CLYDE sits in the window, the light silhouettes him.
text: He turns his face toward the glass and rests his head on the
text: window pane. BONNIE turns to him from bed. She smiles a
text: comforting smile at him. She rolls over onto her back. The
text: gun is now under her head and moves it. She sits up and
text: gestures to CLYDE. He remains at the window. She stares at
text: him. She looks toward the bathroom. She looks back at
text: CLYDE. She is moved and pained for him. She touches her
text: cheek with the gun and waits for him to be able to look at
text: her. Finally he does. Her look eases him and he almost
text: smiles.
scene_heading: INT. BUCK'S CAR. DAY.
text: Shot of little fuzzy doll tied by a white shoestring to the
text: rear-view mirror of a car. The car is moving; the doll is
text: bouncing up and down. In the front seat are BUCK and
text: BLANCHE BARROW. BUCK is a jovial, simple, big-hearted man.
text: A little chubby, given to raucous jokes, knee-slapping and
text: broad reactions. He is, in many ways, the emotional opposite
text: of his brother. It doesn't take much to make him happy.
text: BLANCHE, his wife, is the direct opposite of BONNIE.
dialog: 36.
dialog: She is a housefrau, no more and no less, not terribly
text: bright, not very ambitious, cuddly, simpering, madly in love
text: with BUCK and desirous of keeping their lives on the straight
text: and narrow. As the scene begins we hear and then see BUCK,
text: driving, singing "The Great Speckled Bird." BLANCHE is
text: sitting next to him looking at a movie magazine, appearing
dialog: fairly miserable.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (singing)
dialog: "What a beautiful thought I am
dialog: thinking
dialog: Concernin' that great speckled
dialog: bird,
dialog: Remember his name is recorded
dialog: on the pages of God's Holy word..."
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: All right, now you did foolish
dialog: things as a young man, honey-love,
dialog: but you went and paid your debt to
dialog: society and that was right. But
dialog: now you just gettin' back in with
dialog: the criminal element.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Criminal element! This is my
dialog: brother, darlin'. Shoot, he ain't
dialog: no more criminal than you are,
dialog: Blanche.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: Well, that ain't what I heard.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Now word of mouth just don't go,
dialog: darlin', you gotta have the facts.
dialog: Shoot. Why he and me growed up
dialog: together, slept and worked side by
dialog: side.
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: God, what a boy he was!
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: He's a crook.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (chidingly)
dialog: Now you stop bad-mouthin' him,
dialog: Blanche. We're just gonna have us
dialog: a little family visit for a few
dialog: weeks and then we'll go back to
dialog: Dallas and I'll get me a job
text: somewheres.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: BUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: I just ain't gonna work in your
dialog: Daddy's church--That's final.
dialog: (laughing it off, singing)
dialog: "What a beautiful thought I am
dialog: thinking
dialog: Concernin' that great speckled
dialog: bird..."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CABIN. THE FRONT OF THE MOTEL. DAY.
text: BUCK's car drives up to the cabin, honking the horn wildly.
text: The door of the cabin opens and CLYDE comes running out. He
text: is overjoyed to see his brother. BUCK jumps out of the car,
text: equally delighted. They hug each other.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (hugging him)
dialog: Buck!
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Clyde! You son of a bitch!
text: They laugh happily and begin sparring with each other,
text: faking punches and blocking punches--an old childhood ritual.
text: There is a great feeling of warmth between the two brothers.
text: CLYDE is more outgoing than we have ever seen him before.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: How's ma? How's sister?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Just fine, just fine. Send their
dialog: best to you.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (patting Buck's stomach)
dialog: Hey, you're fillin' out there.
dialog: Must be that prison food.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Hell no!
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: It's married life. You know what
dialog: they say, it's the face powder that
dialog: gets a man interested, but it's the
dialog: baking powder that keeps him at
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: BUCK (CONT'D)
text: (he explodes with
dialog: laughter and so does
dialog: Clyde, who loves
dialog: Buck's jokes)
dialog: Hey! you gotta meet my wife. Hey,
dialog: honey, c'mon out here now and meet
dialog: my baby brother.
text: Camera swings to car. We see BLANCHE still sitting there,
text: her face obscured by the glint of sun on the windshield.
text: Slowly, she gets out of the car, still carrying the movie
dialog: magazine.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: (suspiciously, quite
dialog: the grand lady)
dialog: Howdy-do.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (shaking her hand)
dialog: Howdy-do. It's real nice to know
dialog: you.
text: BUCK beams with pleasure, thinking they must like each other.
text: BONNIE comes out of the cabin, standing on the steps. The
text: screen door slams behind her.
text: Close-up. BONNIE. Day--expressionless, looking it all over.
scene_heading: EXT. CABIN.
text: BUCK and CLYDE notice nothing of this. BUCK bounds over to
dialog: BONNIE, all jollity.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (grabbing her)
dialog: Well! You must be Bonnie! Now I
dialog: hear you been takin' good care of
dialog: the baby in the family. Well sis,
dialog: I'm real glad to meet you!
text: (he hugs her; BONNIE
dialog: just lets herself be hugged)
dialog: Say...
dialog: (breaking the hug)
dialog: I'd like you to meet my wife,
dialog: Blanche.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (stiffly)
dialog: Hello.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: (stiffly)
dialog: Hello.
text: There is an awkward pause. Suddenly the screen door opens
text: and C.W. comes out, dressed in his long underwear. BLANCHE
dialog: can hardly stand it.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Everybody, this is C.W. Moss.
dialog: C.W., my brother Buck and his wife,
dialog: Blanche.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (friendly)
dialog: Heighdy, y'all.
text: He pumps BUCK's hand vigorously and then goes to BLANCHE.
text: With his characteristic one-track intensity, he decides to
text: act just as friendly as he can with BLANCHE, ignoring the
text: fact that he's standing there in his underwear. BLANCHE,
text: however, is not ignoring it.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: Well how do, Mrs. Barrow. Or can I
dialog: call you Blanch? I sure am pleased
dialog: to meet you.
dialog: (shaking her hand;
text: Blanche is slowly
dialog: going crazy with mortification)
dialog: Did you have a hard time findin' us
dialog: here in this neck of the woods?
dialog: Well, you sure picked a good day
dialog: for it. Say, you got a Screenland
dialog: there! Any new photos of Myrna Loy?
dialog: She's my favorite picture star.
text: BLANCHE is starting to edge over to BUCK in sheer panic at
text: this strange, young man in his BVD's but C.W. takes no
dialog: notice of it.
text: BLANCHE finally grabs BUCK's arm. BONNIE watches it all,
text: smirking.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Hey, lemme get the Kodak!
text: BUCK goes to his car and gets a folding Brownie camera.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (lighting up a cigar)
dialog: Hey, C.W., go put your pants on.
dialog: We're gonna take some pictures.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Y'all hear about the guy who
dialog: thought Western Union was a cowboy's
dialog: underwear?
text: BUCK and CLYDE and C.W. laugh heartily. C.W. goes into the
text: cabin. BUCK pushes BLANCHE and CLYDE together, posing them
dialog: for a picture.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Lemme get one of my bride and my
dialog: brother.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: (getting kittenish,
dialog: and overdoing it)
dialog: Buck! Don't take my picture now.
dialog: I'm just a mess from driving all day.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Oh honey, now you look real fine.
text: BONNIE watches BLANCHE's behavior with hardly-veiled disgust.
text: BUCK snaps the picture as BLANCHE is just about to move out
dialog: of it.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: (with unbecoming
dialog: girlish outrage)
dialog: Did you take my picture? Oh Buck!
dialog: I declare--
text: BUCK laughs and goes to BONNIE, takes her by the arm and
text: moves her next to CLYDE and BLANCHE. He lines them up,
text: steps back and takes their picture. CLYDE is the only one
text: smiling.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
text: (pulling out his gun
dialog: and posing like a
dialog: movie tough)
dialog: Hey, Buck, get one of this.
text: BUCK does.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (giving Clyde the camera)
dialog: Clyde, you do one of me and my
dialog: missus.
text: He puts his arm around BLANCHE. CLYDE takes the picture.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (throwing her a challenge)
dialog: Let me take on of Bonnie.
text: BONNIE grins at him and responds with amused arrogance.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
text: (she yanks the cigar
dialog: from Clyde's mouth,
dialog: smokes it and poses)
dialog: Okay.
text: CLYDE snaps the picture. Everyone but BLANCHE laughs. C.W.
text: comes out dressed.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (drawing Clyde aside)
dialog: Hey, brother, let's you and me do a
dialog: little talkin'.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (handing C.W. the camera)
dialog: Here, C.W., take the girls' picture.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN. DAY.
text: They walk into the cabin. Camera goes with them. Bedroom
text: is dark, shades pulled down. There is an aura of boys'
text: clubhouse secret camaraderie in the following scene:
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (as soon as the door
dialog: is shut; conspiratorially)
dialog: It was you or him, wasn't it?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: That guy you killed. You had to,
dialog: didn't ya?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (they are protecting
dialog: each other)
dialog: Yeah, he put me in a spot, so I had
dialog: to. He didn't have a Chinaman's
dialog: chance.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: But you had to--
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Yeah. I had to.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (like two kids
dialog: keeping a secret from Mom)
dialog: Don't say nothin' to Blanche about
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Hey, that time you broke out of
dialog: jail, she talk you into goin' back?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (it is obvious he had
dialog: hoped Clyde hadn't
dialog: known about it)
dialog: Yeah, you hear about that?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I won't say nothin' to Bonnie about
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: I appreciate it.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Yeah...say, what d'ya think of
dialog: Bonnie?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: She's a real peach.
text: There is now a long pause--a lull in the conversation, as if
text: they asked each other all the questions and are now out of
dialog: things to say. It is too much for BUCK, the natural enemy
text: of silence, who suddenly claps his hands together and bursts
text: out animatedly:
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Boy, are we gonna have us a good
dialog: time!
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (matching his merriment)
dialog: We surely are!
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Yessir!
dialog: (a pause, then:)
dialog: What are we gonna do?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Well, how's this--I thought we'd
dialog: all go to Missouri. They ain't
dialog: lookin' for me there. We'll hole
dialog: up someplace and have us a regular
dialog: vacation. All right?
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: No trouble, now?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: No trouble. I ain't lookin' to go
text: back to prison.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Hey, what's this I hear about you
dialog: cuttin' up your toes, boy?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (ironically)
dialog: That ain't but half of it. I did
dialog: it so I could get off work detail--
dialog: breakin' those damned rocks with a
dialog: hammer day and night. Sure enough,
dialog: next week I got paroled. I walked
dialog: out of that god-forsaken jail on
dialog: crutches.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Shoot--
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Ain't life grand?
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD. DAY.
text: We see the two cars, one behind the other, driving down a
dialog: main road.
scene_heading: INT. FIRST CAR. DAY.
text: CLYDE is driving. BUCK sits next to him. No one else is in
dialog: the car.
speaker_heading: BUCK
text: And the doc, he takes him aside,
dialog: says, "Son, your old mama just
dialog: gettin' weak and sickly layin'
dialog: there. I want you to persuade her
dialog: to take a little Brandy, y'know, to
dialog: pick her spirits up." "Why, doc,"
dialog: he says, "you know my mamma is a
dialog: teetotaler. She wouldn't touch a
dialog: drop." "Well, I tell you what," the
dialog: doc says, "why don't you bring her
dialog: a fresh quart of milk every day
dialog: from your farm, 'cept you fix it up
dialog: so half of it's Brandy and don't
dialog: let on!" So he does that, doctors
dialog: it up with Brandy, and his mamma
dialog: drinks some of it.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: BUCK (CONT'D)
dialog: And the next day he brings it again
dialog: and she drinks some more--and she
dialog: keeps it up every day. Finally,
text: one week later, he brings her the
dialog: milk and don't you know she just
text: shallows it all down, and looks at
dialog: her bag and says, "Son, whatever
dialog: you do, don't sell that cow!"
text: CLYDE and BUCK explode in laughter.
scene_heading: INT. SECOND CAR. DAY.
text: At the top of the laugh, cut to the int. of the second car,
text: riding right in back of them. The atmosphere is completely
text: unlike the cozy and jolly scene preceding. We have dead
text: silence. BONNIE is driving, smoking a cigarette, grim.
text: BLANCHE--seated as far away as she can get from BONNIE
text: without falling out of the car--makes a face at the cigarette
text: smoke, rolls down the window for air. C.W.'s in the back
text: seat, just staring.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE APARTMENT. DAY.
text: A residential street in Joplin, Missouri, showing a garage
text: apartment above a double garage. Camera sees BUCK talking
text: to a dapper gent with keys in his hand. BUCK pays him. The
text: man tips his hat and walks off. BUCK gestures and Clyde
text: drives a car into the driveway. C.W. follows, driving
text: BUCK's car with BLANCHE. CLYDE stops beside BUCK. BUCK
text: leans into CLYDE's car and says:
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: I give him a month's rent in
dialog: advance. We're all set. Let's get
dialog: inside.
text: CLYDE calls back to C.W. in the following car.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Pull up and unload the stuff.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (on the running board
dialog: of moving car)
dialog: Honey-love, I'm taking you into our
dialog: first home.
text: BLANCHE giggles. The two cars pull up before the garage and
text: the people start to descend.
dialog: 45.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE APARTMENT. DAY.
text: A winded BUCK enters and puts down BLANCHE. As others
text: behind him carry in their things and disperse throughout
dialog: apartment.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: Oh look, it's so clean, Buck. And
dialog: a Frigidaire...not an icebox!
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: He give me the grocery number.
text: He goes to the phone.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Lemme see, eh 4337...Operator...
dialog: please ma'm, may I have 4337...if
dialog: you please?
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: Oh...they got linoleum on the
dialog: counter. Ain't that clever!
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Hello, Smitty's grocery...I'd like
dialog: to order a mess of groceries. Oh
dialog: yeah...eh 143 Hillsdale Street.
text: Lessee, about 8 pounds of porkchops,
dialog: 4 pounds of red beans...a can of
dialog: Chase and Sandborn...uh.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: Oh, isn't this something, Daddy!
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Sshh. Uh...quart of milk...uh 8
dialog: bottles of Dr. Pepper and that's
dialog: it, I guess. No...no. Uh...a box
dialog: of Rice Krispies...Bye now.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM. DAY.
text: Open on BONNIE and CLYDE. He is cleaning guns. She is
text: watching something off screen. We hear a clicking sound.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE (O.S.)
dialog: My, you need a haircut, Daddy. You
text: look like a hillbilly boy.
dialog: 46.
text: A look of disgust crosses BONNIE's face. CLYDE, who has
text: been watching her, smiles. The clicking sound increases
text: suddenly.
speaker_heading: BUCK (O.S.)
dialog: Gotcha!
text: BLANCHE whoops. Camera cuts to see that BUCK and C.W. are
text: playing checkers and BUCK has just beaten him.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: Again.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Boy, you ain't never gonna beat me
dialog: but you keep tryin' now.
text: He starts to set up the game again.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: Jest like an ol' man. Plays
dialog: checkers all the time and doesn't
dialog: pay any attention to his poor
dialog: lonely wife.
text: She ruffles his hair again.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Cut it out now, honey. I'm gonna
dialog: teach this boy a lesson he'll never
dialog: forget.
text: Camera cuts to BONNIE, watching with disgust. Then slowly,
text: a wicked little smile edges across her face. She watches
text: for a moment more, then she rises and with the most ingenuous
text: look she can muster up, beckons to CLYDE to follow her into
text: the bedroom. A little puzzled, CLYDE follows.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM.
text: BONNIE closes the door and immediately begins fussing with
text: CLYDE's hair, doing a scathing imitation of BLANCHE. Though
text: her miming expresses her irritation at being closeted with
text: the Barrow menage, it is also a peach doing an imitation of
text: a lemon--and it is disarmingly sensual... Indeed the mimicry
text: allows BONNIE to be physically freer with CLYDE, and allows
text: CLYDE to respond without anxiety, without self-consciousness.
dialog: We should have the distinct--if momentary--feeling that
text: CLYDE could suddenly make it with BONNIE.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (doing an unmerciful imitation)
dialog: Oh, Daddy, you shore need a haircut.
dialog: You look just like a little old
dialog: hillbilly boy, I do declare.
dialog: (she has her other
text: hand toying with the
text: buttons on his shirt,
dialog: her hand slipping
text: under, fluttering
text: across his bare chest)
dialog: Oh mercy me, oh my stars!
text: CLYDE laughs, and BONNIE tugs at the shirt--she kneels on
text: the bed over CLYDE, who quite easily drapes across it.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (a little louder)
dialog: Oh, Daddy! Yore such a slowpoke!
text: She's letting her hair fall loose, its golden ends brushing
text: up and down CLYDE's body.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (amused, but cautionary)
dialog: Hush up a little. They're in the
dialog: next room.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
text: (a mock-pout, but
dialog: with an edge to it)
dialog: Shoot, there's always somebody in
dialog: this room, the next room and ever'
dialog: other kind of room.
text: CLYDE has his arm around BONNIE, and she's almost draped
text: across him--but in the direction of the length of the bed,
text: so their bodies almost form a crooked cross. She digs an
text: elbow into his stomach.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Oof!...now that ain't no nice way
dialog: to talk about my brother.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (imitating Blanche
dialog: again with baby talk)
dialog: I ain't talking about your brother.
text: Suddenly BONNIE straightens up to a kneeling position again,
text: and cocks her head. When she speaks now it is with a simple
text: plaintiveness.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Honey, do you ever just want to be
dialog: alone with Me?
dialog: (sensing Clyde's
dialog: sensitivity to the
dialog: sexual implication)
dialog: I don't just mean like that...I
dialog: mean do you ever have the notion of
dialog: us bein' out together and alone,
dialog: like at some fancy ball, or, I
dialog: don't know, where we walk in all
dialog: dressed and they announce us and
dialog: it's fancy and in public, but we're
dialog: alone somehow. We're separate from
dialog: everybody else, and they know it.
text: CLYDE looks up to BONNIE, affectionately. He runs his hand
text: carelessly down her body.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I always feel like we're separate
dialog: from everybody else.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (it's terribly
dialog: important to her)
dialog: Do you, baby?
text: Suddenly there is a ring at the door. BONNIE and CLYDE
dialog: freeze.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM.
text: BONNIE and CLYDE run out into the living room, camera going
dialog: with them.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (to all)
dialog: Quiet! I'll get it.
text: BONNIE goes down the stairs and reaches the front door.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Groceries, M'am.
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE APARTMENT.
text: She opens the door. A young man is there with the two big
text: sacks of groceries.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Six dollars and forty-three cents.
text: BONNIE pays him and goes to take the bags from him.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: Here, M'am, them bags is heavy.
dialog: Let me carry 'em up for you.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (curtly)
dialog: No thanks, I'll take 'em.
text: She takes the heavy bags and hefts them up and turns and
text: walks up the stairs. They are obviously very heavy for her.
text: Closeup the delivery boy's face, looking puzzled at this
text: behavior. BONNIE reaches the top steps, and voices are heard.
speaker_heading: BUCK'S VOICE
dialog: What was it?
speaker_heading: CLYDE'S VOICE
dialog: Quiet. Open the door.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: C'mon, c'mon...
text: Close-up. The DELIVERY BOY. A look of suspicion comes
text: across his face.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE APARTMENT.
text: Close-up of BONNIE--seated in the living room.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (reading from a pad;
text: in a recital voice)
dialog: It's called "The Ballad of Suicide
dialog: Sal."
dialog: (she pauses for
dialog: effect; then begins:)
dialog: "We each of us have a good alibi
dialog: For being down here in the 'joint';
dialog: But few of them really are justified
dialog: If you get right down to the point.
dialog: You've heard of a woman's glory
dialog: Being spent on a downright cur'."
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: BUCK'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: You write that all by yourself?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: You want to hear this or not?
text: As she reads, the camera pans around the room picking out
text: everyone's reaction. CLYDE is looking and listening
text: seriously. BUCK is grinning. C.W. is blank. BLANCHE is in
text: the kitchen cooking.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: "Still you can't always judge the
dialog: story
dialog: As true, being told by her.
dialog: Now 'Sal' was a gal of rare beauty,
dialog: Though her features were coarse and
dialog: tough--"
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Yeah, I knew her. She was cockeyed
dialog: and had a hare-lip and no teeth!
text: BONNIE flashes him a look that could kill. He shuts up fast.
dialog: She continues:
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: "Now 'Sal' was a gal of rare
dialog: beauty,
dialog: Though her features were coarse and
dialog: tough;
dialog: She never once faltered from duty
dialog: To play on the 'up and up'."
text: Still listening, CLYDE gets up from his chair and walks
text: slowly past the living room windows. The camera angled
text: slightly above him, sees down the street. We see two police
text: cars quietly pulling up. One of them parks sideways in the
text: driveway to block escape from the garage, the other stays on
text: the street. CLYDE turns and looks out the window.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (o.s. as we see out
dialog: the window)
dialog: "Sal told me this tale on the
dialog: evening
dialog: Before she was turned out free,
dialog: And I'll do my best to relate it
dialog: Just as she told it to me--"
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (seeing it)
dialog: It's the law.
dialog: 51.
text: As soon as CLYDE calls out, BLANCHE drops the frying pan on
text: the floor and begins screaming. Camera cuts back to the
text: living room. Everyone else leaps into action. Guns begin
text: blazing from everywhere; we rarely see who is shooting at
dialog: whom.
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE APARTMENT. DAY.
text: The police, down the stairs into the garage--we follow them
text: with a hand-held camera tracking rapidly.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. DAY.
text: BLANCHE, however, in utter panic, just runs right out the
text: front door, and begins running down the quiet residential
text: street, going nowhere, anywhere.
scene_heading: EXT. GARAGE APARTMENT. DAY.
text: BUCK, crouching, shooting with one hand, gets the garage
text: door open. A policeman fires. BUCK fires back and the cop
text: falls dead in the street. BUCK, firing, dashes to the
text: police car blocking their escape and releases the hand brake.
text: CLYDE, BONNIE and C.W. leap into their car, gun the motor,
text: still shooting madly. Two more police fall dead or wounded.
text: One policeman is hurled through a fence by the blast of a
text: sawed-off shotgun. BUCK jumps into the car with the others.
text: They now begin to bump the police car with their car. The
text: police car picks up speed as they push it and it tears into
text: the street right at the group of firing police. The gang's
text: car turns into the street toward the running BLANCHE.
text: BONNIE and CLYDE are in front; BUCK and C.W. in the back
text: seat firing back at police. The car pulls alongside the
text: wildly running BLANCHE; the back door is flung open and in
text: almost the style of a cartoon, two hands reach out and lift
text: her off her feet and pull her into the car. They speed away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CAR. DAY.
text: The inside of the car, still speeding. BLANCHE is hysterical.
text: C.W. is still firing out the window. The pursuing police
text: car's driver is shot and the car crashes into a tree. The
text: gang is not being pursued now, but CLYDE is driving at 90.
text: BLANCHE is moaning and crying. BONNIE, in front, turns
text: around furiously.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Dammit, you almost got us killed!
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: (crying)
dialog: What did I do wrong? I s'pose
dialog: you'd be happier if I got shot.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (at her bitchiest)
dialog: Yeah, it would of saved us all a
dialog: lot of trouble.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: Buck, don't let that woman talk to
dialog: me like that!
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (caught in the middle
dialog: of a bad situation,
dialog: knowing Blanche is
dialog: wrong, but trying to
dialog: soothe her)
dialog: You shouldn't have done it, Blanche.
dialog: (quietly, cont.)
dialog: It was a dumb thing to do.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: (switching tactics)
dialog: Please, Buck, I didn't marry you to
dialog: see you shot up! Please, let's go!
dialog: Let's get out of here and leave.
dialog: Make him stop the car and let us out!
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (still quietly)
dialog: Can't. I killed a man. We're in
dialog: this now.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: (loud and shrill)
dialog: Please! Please!
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (exploding)
dialog: Shut up! Just shut up your big
dialog: mouth! At least do that, will ya,
dialog: just shut up.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Cut it out, Bonnie.
text: BONNIE is affronted. BLANCHE continues sobbing.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (curtly)
dialog: Stop the car. I want to talk to you.
dialog: 53.
text: Without a word, CLYDE stops the car.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE. DAY.
text: BONNIE and CLYDE get out and walk fifteen feet away from the
text: car. Both are irritated and touchy. Camera follows them.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Get rid of her.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Can't do that. She's Buck's wife.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (snapping her words)
dialog: Get rid of both of them then.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Why? What's the matter with you
dialog: anyway?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: She's what's the matter with me, a
dialog: damn stupid back country hick
text: without a brain in her head.
dialog: (contemptuously)
dialog: She ain't nothin' but prunes and
dialog: proverbs.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (really pissed-off at Bonnie)
dialog: What makes you any better? What
dialog: makes you so damn special? You're
dialog: just a West Dallas waitress who
dialog: spent half your time pickin' up
dialog: truck drivers!
text: This hits home with BONNIE. He has said the unforgivable.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (raising her voice)
dialog: You talk to me like that! Big
dialog: Clyde Barrow, just the same as your
text: brother, an ignorant uneducated
dialog: hillbilly.
dialog: (with deadly archness)
dialog: Only special thing about you is
dialog: your peculiar ideas about
dialog: lovemakin'--which is no love makin'
dialog: at all.
dialog: 54.
text: CLYDE stiffens. The two of them stand silent and tense,
text: almost quivering with anger. They have stripped each other
text: raw. CLYDE turns and looks back at the car. Everyone is
text: waiting, watching them. He breathes a deep sigh, like a man
text: counting to 10 to hold his temper.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Look, Bonnie--
text: He can't finish.
text: Close. BONNIE. She drops her head into her hand for a
text: moment, comes up a little more relaxed. She looks at CLYDE
text: and her eyes reflect the realization of the pain she has
text: inflicted on him. She softens.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Clyde...honey...I didn't mean all
dialog: that, honey. Blame it on all that
dialog: shootin', I just felt so bad...sure
dialog: enough...Clyde?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Okay...Okay, hon...let's get
dialog: movin'...
text: He turns and begins walking back to the car. BONNIE walks
text: alongside him. On the few steps back, she regains all her
text: dignity and acts aloof from the others waiting for her. She
text: reaches the car. CLYDE opens her door for her and she gets
text: in like a great lady. He walks around to his side, gets in,
text: and they drive off.
scene_heading: WIDE SHOT. EXT. CAR. DAY.
text: A very wide shot. We see CLYDE's car driving along a wooded
dialog: road. For a moment that is all we see, then we should
text: become aware that far in the distance another car is
text: following CLYDE's.
text: Close. Rural mail box. On the opposite side of the road,
text: CLYDE's car swings across the road and CLYDE, who is driving,
text: snatches a newspaper which protrudes from the box and hands
text: it into the car. They drive out of the shot. Camera holds
text: and soon the following car enters the shot. The man driving
text: is a Texas ranger. He drives slowly. He drives out of the
dialog: shot.
scene_heading: INT. CLYDE'S CAR.
text: BUCK is reading from the paper.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (jubilantly)
dialog: Hey, y'all, listen to this here:
dialog: Law enforcement officers throughout
dialog: the Southwest are frankly amazed at
dialog: the way in which will-of-the-wisp
dialog: bandit Clyde Barrow and his yellow-
dialog: haired companion, Bonnie Parker,
dialog: continue to elude their would-be
text: captors. Since engaging the police
text: in a gun battle on the streets of
text: Joplin Missouri and slaying three
dialog: of their number...
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: Oh, Lord...
text: We notice CLYDE is wincing.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: ...the Barrow gang has been reported
dialog: as far West as White City, New
dialog: Mexico, and as far north as Chicago.
dialog: They have been credited with
dialog: robbing the Mesquite Bank in the
dialog: aforementioned White City, the J.J.
dialog: Landry Oil Refinery in Arp, Texas,
dialog: the Sanger City National Bank in
dialog: Denton, Texas on three different
dialog: occasions. In addition to these
dialog: robberies, the fast travelling
dialog: Barrows have been rumored to have
text: had a hand in the robbing of two
dialog: Piggly Wiggly stores in Texas, and
dialog: one A&amp;P store in Missouri, though
dialog: Chief Percy Hammond, who first
dialog: identified Clyde Barrow's brother,
dialog: Buck, as a member of the gang,
dialog: expressed some doubt that these
dialog: last robberies were committed by
dialog: the Barrow Gang alone.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Go on.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (finally)
dialog: Clyde, we ain't goin' to see a
text: restroom for another thirty miles.
dialog: Why don't you just stop here?
text: CLYDE looks relieved.
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED AREA. DAY.
text: He pulls the car to a stop, gets out and goes off into the
text: woods. We watch him vanish behind the trees.
scene_heading: INT. CAR.
text: BUCK still scanning the newspaper.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (with a laugh)
dialog: Hey now, here's something! Listen
dialog: here: Lone Cop Arrests Two Officers
dialog: In Hunt For Barrow. Police Officer
dialog: Howard Anderson's heart turned
text: faster than his motorcycle when he
text: forced to the side of the road a
text: roaring black V-8 sedan in which
text: were three men and a blondheaded
dialog: woman yesterday afternoon.
text: Everybody laughs. As BUCK continues to read, his voice
text: remaining on the soundtrack.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR.
text: The camera goes outside the car and pulls back, way back, to
text: reveal a police car quietly driving up behind the car. The
text: car stops a good distance away and one man gets out, the
text: only occupant of the car. He is tall, dressed in the
text: uniform of the Texas Ranger. He draws his gun and slowly
text: approaches the car from the rear. On the soundtrack BUCK's
text: voice continues; as we see all this taking place.
speaker_heading: BUCK
text: When he saw several machine guns in
dialog: the car he was certain he'd caught
dialog: Clyde Barrow, Bonnie Parker, and
dialog: maybe Buck Barrow and the third
text: unidentified member of the gang.
dialog: It took a lot of telephoning and
dialog: explaining to convince the
dialog: motorcycle cop that his captives
dialog: were two highway patrolmen and a
dialog: blonde-haired stenographer from the
dialog: Highway Patrol--. Haw! Haw!
dialog: (everybody busts up
dialog: with laughter)
text: In the meantime, on screen, the lawman is slowly approaching
text: the back of the car. Suddenly, cut to shot of CLYDE coming
text: out of the woods, behind the lawman. His gun is tucked in
text: his pants. In a second, he sees what is happening.
dialog: 57.
text: BUCK's voice is continuing:
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Anderson was held up as an example
dialog: for every other Texas peace officer
dialog: today. "That was a mighty brave
dialog: thing," explained Highway Patrol
dialog: Chief L.C. Winston.
text: CLYDE whips out his gun. The following scene is played
text: exactly like a classic fast-draw in an heroic Western.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Sheriff!
text: BRYCE spins around. Both men fire instanteously, but CLYDE
text: has the draw on him, and the aim. The gun goes flying from
text: the SHERIFF's hand. A really razzle-dazzle display of
text: grandstand marksmanship from Clyde.
text: Immediately the gang leaps from the car and surrounds the
text: man, guns drawn.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: Boy! What a shot, Clyde!
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Sweet Jesus, I never seen shootin'
dialog: like that!
text: The gang grabs the man and takes his handcuffs from his belt.
text: CLYDE makes him lean on the car's hood, arms extended, legs
text: spread, while he frisks him. In general, everyone is
text: excited over the capture. BONNIE takes the sheriff's gun
text: and delicately places it on the radiator grill like an
dialog: object d'art.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (examining the man's
dialog: wallet, really surprised)
dialog: Well, now, getta load of this. I
dialog: want y'all to know we are in the
dialog: custody of Cap'n Frank Bryce, and
dialog: Frank here is a Texas Ranger.
text: Rev. angle across hood--so BRYCE's face, not visible to
text: CLYDE or anyone else behind him, is in foreground. His
text: gnarled, powerful hands tremble slightly on the hood, as tho
text: they might crinkle the metal like so much tissue paper. His
text: eyes stare toward camera relentlessly, unblinking, but
text: without passion. They are shark's eyes. They have witnessed
text: much carnage, devoured it, and are still wide open for more.
dialog: 58.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: Sure 'nough, Clyde?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Say there, peacemaker. I believe
dialog: you got your spurs all tangled up.
dialog: You're in Missouri, you know that?
text: CLYDE has been going thru the man's credentials. Not so
dialog: pleasantly:
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: You didn't know you was in Missouri?
dialog: C.W.
dialog: He's lost, this here Texas Ranger.
text: CLYDE claps BRYCE's hands behind his back, handcuffs him,
text: spins him around.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (a little pissed)
dialog: --he ain't lost...them banks are
dialog: offerin' extra reward money fer us,
dialog: and Frank figured on easy pickin's,
dialog: didn't you?
text: (he suddenly knocks
dialog: Bryce's hat off)
dialog: Didn't you?
text: BRYCE flinches involuntarily. BUCK suddenly grows wary at
text: CLYDE's mood. CLYDE leans into BRYCE, looking up.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: --Now you ain't hardly doin' your
dialog: job, Texas Ranger. You oughta be
dialog: home lookin' after the rights of
dialog: poor folks, not out chasin' after us.
text: He suddenly hefts BRYCE's huge bulk onto the fender.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (trying to be casual)
dialog: Easy there, Clyde. Why take is so
dialog: personal.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (to Bryce)
dialog: Reg'lar laws is one thing. But
dialog: this here bounty hunting, we got to
dialog: discourage that.
text: BLANCHE looks very uncomfortable. She starts to say
text: something, but BUCK intervenes.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Like how, Clyde?--
text: A tense moment. CLYDE can't think of anything right away.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (trying to be helpful)
dialog: Shoot him.
text: BONNIE shoots C.W. an angry glance--it's just what the gang
dialog: doesn't want.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (trying again)
dialog: ...hang him?...
text: Reaction--BONNIE carefully gauging the moment to intervene.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: --uh-uh. Take his picture.
text: CLYDE's not sure he's heard right. Neither is C.W.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: Take his picture?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (pointedly ignoring
dialog: C.W., brightly)
dialog: Then we'll let the newspapers have
dialog: it--so's everyone can see Captain
dialog: Frank Bryce of the Texas Rangers
dialog: with the Barrow gang--
dialog: (moving demurely to Bryce)
dialog: --and all bein' just as friendly as
dialog: pie.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (grasping
dialog: possibilities immediately)
dialog: ...yeah, yeah...
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (continuing right on,
dialog: coyly picking up
dialog: Bryce's gun from grill)
dialog: --why we 'bout the friendliest
dialog: folks in the world. Texas Ranger
text: waves his big ol' gun at us, and we
dialog: just welcome him like he's one of
dialog: our own.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (grinning widely)
dialog: Buck, get the Kodak!
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (relieved and excited)
dialog: Hot dog!
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (to Bryce)
dialog: We're mighty proud to have a Texas
dialog: Ranger in the family.
text: BRYCE is obviously not pleased with this turn of events.
text: Following dialogue is overlapped, ad-libbed, etc. A sense
text: of mounting glee at the kind of vengeance they are going to
dialog: exact.
text: New angle. BUCK is fiddling with the camera, setting up the
text: shot with CLYDE. BUCK's following speech should be heard,
text: b.g., to CLYDE's speech below it.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: ...keep him set on the hood,
dialog: there...more to the sun, like
dialog: that...yeah...when all his ranger
dialog: friends see this...I bet he's gonna
dialog: wish he was dead!
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (to Bryce)
dialog: ...see what come o' your
dialog: mischief?...not doin' your job?
dialog: Down in Duncanville last year poor
dialog: farmers kepts the laws away from us
dialog: with shot guns...you're s'posed to
dialog: be protectin' them from us, and
dialog: they're protectin' us from you.
dialog: (giggling)
dialog: --don't make sense, do it?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: C'mon, now, Clyde, you and Bonnie
dialog: first. Move into him, right close,
dialog: right friendly.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: All righty
dialog: (to Bryce, whose
text: hands are tied,
dialog: hemmed in by them both)
dialog: Don't move, now, hear?
dialog: 61.
text: CLYDE grandly puts an arm on BRYCE's shoulder, BONNIE,
text: looking up admiringly from the other side. BUCK takes the
text: picture. BONNIE immediately hops onto the hood, next to
speaker_heading: BRYCE.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: How's this? "Captain Bryce and new
dialog: found friend."
text: She coyly loosens his tie, tousles his hair, and plants a
text: big kiss on him while still ogling camera.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: ...yeah, yeah...quick, Buck, get
dialog: it...
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: ...I'm gettin' it, I'm gettin' it.
dialog: Quite suddenly BRYCE, whose simmering intensity we should be
text: more sensitive to than the gang is, spits on Bonnie. BONNIE
text: half-screams in disgust, but CLYDE is on top of BRYCE in a
text: flash, half-strangling on his own fury. He pulls BRYCE off
text: the fender by the handcuffs, spinning him around crazily
text: like a lasso. BRYCE is literally ricocheted off the car by
text: the force, and, with CLYDE hanging on by the cuffs, plummets
text: down the embankment to the sandy beach below, both men
text: falling, spinning. BRYCE rises shakily. He tries to walk
text: away. CLYDE grabs him again by the handcuffs and hurls him
text: out into the water. BRYCE smacks into a tree stump poking
text: out of the shallows and goes down. CLYDE is on top of him.
text: Meanwhile, BUCK has rushed down into the water, tries to
text: pull CLYDE off BRYCE.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (frantic)
dialog: I got the picture. I got the
dialog: picture...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (oblivious)
dialog: Lemme be, lemme be...
text: BRYCE reaches the surface and CLYDE tries to throw him into
text: deeper water. He hitches BRYCE over a moldy skiff, knocking
text: aside one of the oars. BUCK upends BRYCE into the skiff and
text: kicks it spinning. CLYDE picks up an oar and hurls it like
text: a boomerang, ass over end at the skiff. It kicks up a spray.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (holding tightly to
dialog: Clyde, yelling)
dialog: I got the PICTURE!
dialog: 62.
text: Reaction. CLYDE waist deep, breathing heavily.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: ...All right, all right...
dialog: (to Bryce, yelling)
dialog: WE GOT YOU...HEAR?... REMEMBER...
dialog: YOU... YOUR FACE...WE GOT IT...WE
dialog: GOT YOU...WE GOT YOU...WE GOT YOU...
text: BRYCE, battered and handcuffed, stares back with mindless
text: malice from the lazily spinning skiff to the hysterical
text: spectre of CLYDE, screaming his madness across the water.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. BANK.
text: Inside the bank. In contrast to the previous inept bank
text: robbery scene, this one goes admirably well, the gang
text: performing slickly and without a hitch. As they enter,
text: dripping wet, CLYDE makes a general announcement to everyone
text: to the bank.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: This is the Barrow gang.
dialog: (the people turn and freeze)
dialog: Everybody just take it easy and
dialog: nobody will get hurt.
text: CLYDE covers the door. BONNIE and BUCK go to the tellers'
text: cages and get money. BUCK goes inside, emptying out the
text: cash drawers. Cut to BONNIE filling the sack.
text: Cut to a close-up of a burglar alarm button. Slowly a hand
text: crawls up the wall and a finger slowly moves to push the
text: button. When the finger is about one inch away, suddenly a
text: gun appears in the frame and gently taps the hand away. The
text: camera pulls back to reveal BUCK smiling at a lady teller.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Don't do nothin' silly now.
text: Cut to CLYDE standing near the door, training his guns on
text: the entire bank. A farmer stands a few feet away, some
text: bills clutched in his hand.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: That your money or the bank's?
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: Mine.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Keep it, then.
dialog: 63.
text: Across the floor, the bank guard in the corner takes
text: advantage of CLYDE's distraction to go for his gun. CLYDE
text: spots it and fires a shot that just knocks the bank guard's
text: hat off without harming him.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (to the guard, who
dialog: has practically
dialog: frozen in fear)
dialog: Next time I'll aim a little lower.
text: They finish robbing the bank. They start to exit. Near the
text: door stands a guard with his hands raised. He wears sun
text: glasses of the period. As they leave BUCK snatches the sun
text: glasses from the guard's head.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Get a good look at us! We're the
dialog: Barrow boys.
scene_heading: EXT. BANK. DAY.
text: The gang runs wildly into the street where the car waits,
text: motor running. As they leap into car, BUCK throws the sun
text: glasses into BLANCHE's lap.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Happy birthday.
text: They zoom off. Shots are heard. BONNIE, BUCK and CLYDE
text: begin firing at the bank guards who are pursuing them. The
text: guards fire back.
text: Close-up. BLANCHE sitting in the back seat with her fingers
text: stuck tightly in her ears, eyes shut, trying to overcome her
text: panic. A funny image, but one that also awakens pity. The
text: next sequence is carried out in cross-cutting.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: The street in front of the bank. Police car pulls up and
text: the excited crowd gestures in the direction of the departed
text: gang. The siren starts.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GANG CAR. DAY.
text: The siren heard now in the far distance.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (to C.W. at the wheel)
dialog: Kick it in the pants, C.W.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: We got to make that state line!
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (driving like a wild
dialog: man, but adlibing loudly)
dialog: Can't get more'n this out of a
dialog: Plymouth!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BANK.
dialog: The gang has left a legacy of celebrity behind. We see the
text: bank guard whose hat was shot off being interviewed by a
text: reporter. He is seated in a chair, his shirt open at the
text: collar and a woman teller is fanning him.
speaker_heading: BANK GUARD
dialog: (enjoying the limelight)
dialog: Then he saw me goin' for my gun.
dialog: Clyde Barrow himself, I mean. And
dialog: suddenly I was starin' into the
dialog: face of death!
speaker_heading: WOMAN TELLER
dialog: Tsk, tsk.
text: A photographer steps in.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Just look this way, Mr. Hawkins.
text: The bank guard hurriedly buttons up his collar and smiles as
text: the flashbulb goes off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GANG CAR.
text: Still speeding along, the siren more distant.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BANK.
text: The bank president and a policeman are posing for that
text: classic picture where both stand flanking a bullet hole in
text: the wall and point proudly at it. The flashbulb goes off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR.
text: Two men in police uniforms following BONNIE and CLYDE.
speaker_heading: FIRST POLICEMAN
dialog: Step on it, Randolph. We gotta
dialog: catch 'em 'fore they reach the
dialog: state line!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BANK.
text: FARMER is describing BONNIE and CLYDE to passersby who dote
text: on him as though he'd just had contact with a portion of the
text: true cross. FARMER is aware of his position.
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: Clyde?...he looked like, well he
dialog: looked real...clean...and Bonnie,
dialog: she's too much a lady ever to be
text: caught with a cigar in her mouth...I
dialog: don't care what you heard before.
dialog: I saw 'em right here, not twenty
dialog: minutes ago...
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: --and all's I can say is, they did
dialog: right by me, and I'm bringin' me a
text: mess of flowers to their funeral.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GANG'S CAR.
text: Car slows up perceptibly as CLYDE says:
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Okay, relax. We're in Oklahoma now.
dialog: Slow down.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CAR.
speaker_heading: FIRST POLICEMAN
dialog: Turn around. Don't waste no more
dialog: gas.
speaker_heading: SECOND POLICEMAN
dialog: (a young eager beaver type)
dialog: Ain't we gone to catch 'em?
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: FIRST POLICEMAN
dialog: Hell, they're over the State line.
dialog: That's out of our jurisdiction.
speaker_heading: SECOND POLICEMAN
dialog: Why don't we get 'em anyway?
speaker_heading: FIRST POLICEMAN
dialog: I ain't gone to risk my life in
dialog: Oklahoma. That's their problem.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CAR.
text: Now the gang's car is seen traveling down a long, narrow
text: country road surrounded by cornfields.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE BY WOODS. DAY.
text: They get out, taking the various bags of money with them,
text: and dump the lot on the hood. There is not an impressive
dialog: amount of money.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: Hell. That ain't much, is it?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (commiseratingly)
dialog: Times is hard,
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Well, let's get to it.
text: He begins dealing and splitting the money out on the hood of
text: the car, as they gather around.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: This is Clyde Barrow.
dialog: (lays down a bill)
dialog: Buck Barrow...
dialog: (lays down a bill)
dialog: Bonnie Parker...C.W.
dialog: (goes back to the
dialog: first again and lays
dialog: out another round)
dialog: Clyde, Buck...Bonnie...C.W. Clyde,
dialog: Clyde again...Buck...Bonnie...C.W.
text: BUCK and BLANCHE stand watching. BLANCHE looks fretful.
text: She nudges BUCK and whispers to him.
dialog: 67.
text: BUCK whispers something back to her. Meanwhile, CLYDE's
text: counting still goes on.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Bonnie...C.S....Clyde...
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (very ill at east in
dialog: this position he has
dialog: been forced into)
dialog: Um...eh...Clyde?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Hah?
text: BUCK is clearly embarrassed.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Uh, Clyde...well...what about
dialog: Blanche?
text: Everyone reacts with stunned amazement at BLANCHE's nerve in
dialog: wanting to get her cut.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (incredulous)
speaker_heading: WHAT?
text: BLANCHE sees she has to rise to her own defense, and she
text: rises to the occasion with spirit and verve.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: Well, why not? Say I earned my
dialog: share! Same as everybody. I
dialog: coulda got killed same as everybody,
dialog: and I'm wanted by the law same as
dialog: everybody. Besides I coulda got
dialog: snake bit sleepin' in them woods
dialog: every night!
dialog: (building it up)
dialog: I'm just a nervous wreck and that's
dialog: the truth. And I have to listen to
dialog: sass from Miss Bonnie Parker all
dialog: the time. I deserve mine!
text: Close. BUCK. Day--looking at CLYDE, his face full of weak
text: smiles and embarrassment at his wife.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (with a sigh)
dialog: Okay...okay...hold your horses,
dialog: Blanche. You'll get your share.
dialog: 68.
text: BONNIE is livid but says nothing. CLYDE, the leader has
text: decided. C.W. looks indignant, like a hog who's just been
text: given a bath. CLYDE begins counting all over again in near
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Married a preacher's daughter and
dialog: she still thinks she's takin' the
dialog: collection.
text: Everyone now laughs, but BLANCHE. CLYDE continues counting.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (to Blanche)
dialog: Well, don't spend it all in one
dialog: place now, hear?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: She'll be doin' right well to spend
dialog: it at all.
text: BONNIE turns and ambles away from the car. After a moment
text: CLYDE stops counting and moves after her. He's prepared for
text: a fight, stands behind BONNIE's arched back trying to gauge
dialog: the degree of hostility there.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Bonnie?
dialog: No answer.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (a little defensive)
dialog: Look, Bonnie, I've said it and I
dialog: guess I'll keep sayin' it before
dialog: we're thru--Blanche is Buck's wife
dialog: and Buck is family.
text: He waits expectantly.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (finally, utterly
dialog: without malice)
dialog: --she's such a silly-Billy...
text: BONNIE looks plaintively to CLYDE.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: My family could use some of that
dialog: money.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Them laws have been hangin' round
dialog: your mamas house 'til all hours,
dialog: Bonnie. It's just too risky to go
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (exploding)
dialog: Well, where can we go? We rob the
dialog: damn banks, what else do we do?
text: CLYDE cannot really answer. Suddenly C.W. starts yelling:
dialog: C.W.
text: CLYDE! CLYDE! CLYDE!
text: CLYDE flinches at the sound. C.W. comes bounding over, as
text: rude an assault on their sensibilities as he can be.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (wincing as they are
dialog: nose to nose)
dialog: I hear you, C.W.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: This ol' heap's gushin' oil! We
dialog: got to swipe us another set of
dialog: wheels right away, or we won't get
dialog: anywhere. Look here.
text: He reaches down under the pan of the car and scoops a gooey
text: handful of slick black oil which he holds before their faces.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: See?
text: CLYDE nods slowly. He looks back to BONNIE. He sees.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET.
text: A residential neighborhood on a suburban street. A rather
text: well-to-do neighborhood. The camera is up on a porch of a
text: white frame house, looking toward the street. On the porch,
text: sitting in the swing in the left f.g. are a MAN and a WOMAN.
text: She is about twenty-nine, he is about thirty-six. He is
text: sitting with his back to us, embracing the WOMAN. They are
text: spooning, making low, loving murmurs.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Oh, now...now, dear...
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Mmmm...sweet thing...
text: We see in the distance two cars parked in front of the house.
text: His and hers. Suddenly we see another car drive up (BONNIE
text: and CLYDE) and somebody gets out. Then the whole gang gets
text: out, ditches the one car and gets in one of the parked cars.
text: All the while the couple on the porch is busy spooning. The
text: car begins to roll slowly into the street. The WOMAN notices.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Say, isn't that your car, Eugene?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (still nuzzling her)
dialog: Mmmmmm...huh?
text: (he looks, leaps from
dialog: the swing)
dialog: That's my car! Hey!
text: The MAN and WOMAN run down the front steps and front walk to
text: the second car. They jump in and take off, giving chase.
scene_heading: INT. CAR. DAY.
text: The WOMAN is driving (it's her car). The MAN is furious.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: I'll tear 'em apart! Those punks!
text: Steal a man's car right out from
dialog: under him! Wait till I get my
dialog: hands on those kids, Velma, I'll
dialog: show 'em!
text: They continue driving, furious, the man cursing and muttering.
text: We see through their windshield the other car way in the
dialog: distance.
speaker_heading: VELMA
dialog: What if they have guns, Eugene?
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: (realizing the
dialog: possibility, he
text: suddenly stops being
dialog: mad and turns chicken)
dialog: We'd better get the police and let
dialog: them handle this.
speaker_heading: VELMA
dialog: Right.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: Turn around and let's get back to
dialog: town. We'll go get the sheriff.
text: They are by now on a narrow dirt road and the WOMAN has to
text: execute a U-turn. It takes her about seven cuts to turn the
text: car around in the narrow space. They start back to town.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BONNIE AND CLYDE'S CAR.
text: BUCK looks out the rear window.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: They stopped chasin' us. They
dialog: turned around.
text: Close-up. CLYDE grinning mischievously.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Let's take 'em.
text: BUCK and C.W. laugh appreciatively at the reversal. CLYDE
text: turns the car around. He performs the U-turn in the same
text: narrow space in one, swift, smooth, beautiful turn.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE OTHER CAR.
text: VELMA looks in the rear view mirror and sees that now she is
text: being chased.
speaker_heading: VELMA
dialog: Oh, my Lord, they're comin' after us.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: (in a panic)
dialog: Step on it, Velma, step on it!
text: Close-up. Accelerator. VELMA jams it down to the floor.
text: The car speeds.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD. THE CHASE. DAY.
text: BONNIE and CLYDE's car gaining on them, gaining on them,
text: gaining on them and finally overtaking them, coming up and
text: ahead, forcing them to the side of the road.
text: Med. shot. The MAN and WOMAN's car. Terrified, they roll
text: up their windows, lock their doors and huddle together.
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD.
text: The Barrow gang piles out of their car and walks over,
text: having a merry time. They surround the car and press their
text: faces against the window, flattening their features, making
text: menacing gestures at the shaking pair inside. We see this
text: from the point of view of the MAN and WOMAN inside the car.
text: CLYDE pulls out a gun, makes as if to shoot, but he is
text: kidding. They all laugh uproariously, especially BUCK who
text: is delighted with CLYDE's prank. All of this we see in
text: pantomime from inside the trapped car.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: C'mon, get out! Get out of there,
dialog: I said.
text: They come out, hands held high, shaking with fear. They
text: have practically turned to jelly.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (ordering them into
dialog: the other car)
dialog: Get in here.
scene_heading: INT. OTHER CAR. DAY.
text: They get in and the gang gets in. Seven people are now
text: jammed inside. CLYDE drives, BONNIE next to him, C.W. next
text: to her. In back, BLANCHE, then EUGENE with VELMA (of
dialog: necessity) sitting on his lap, and then BUCK. As will be
text: seen, the reason the Barrows have kidnapped the couple is
dialog: simply that they wanted company. Living as they do, seeing
text: only each other day after day, they long for diversion and
text: new faces. So the atmosphere in the car will shortly change
dialog: to one of friendliness and jollity, and it will get
text: progressively more so in the series of cuts which advance
text: the time. As the car starts up at the beginning, however,
text: the MAN and WOMAN are terrified.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: (hesitantly)
dialog: I'm Eugene Grizzard.
speaker_heading: VELMA
dialog: I'm Velma Davis.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (just as friendly as
dialog: he can be)
dialog: Well, howdy! We're the Barrow gang.
dialog: That there is Clyde drivin' and I'm
dialog: Buck.
text: The MAN and WOMAN almost faint from fear; clutch at each
text: other. The gang all laugh at this. VELMA and EUGENE begin
dialog: to realize that they are not going to get hurt and that the
dialog: Barrows are friendly to them.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Look, don't be scared, folks. It
dialog: ain't like you was the law. You're
dialog: just folks like us.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: (agreeing over-enthusiastically)
dialog: Yeah, yeah, that's the truth.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I expect you been readin' about us.
text: The MAN and the WOMAN answer simultaneously with what they
dialog: think is the right thing to say under the circumstances.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: VELMA
dialog: No.
text: They glare at each other.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: (meaningfully)
dialog: Yes, Velma, we have too.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (laughing at the contretemps)
dialog: Well, you two must be in love, I bet.
text: EUGENE and VELMA blush, get shy for a second. BONNIE smiles.
speaker_heading: BUCK
text: (gleefully, clapping
dialog: his hands)
dialog: Well, when you gonna marry the
dialog: girl, boy?
text: Everyone chuckles heartily.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: INT. CAR. LATER.
text: --still driving, same positions, but some time has elapsed.
text: The atmosphere is now completely convivial and the captives
text: are enjoying their new friends. As the scene starts, BUCK
text: is finishing his joke.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
text: So then she drinks her milk down
text: again, every drop. And she looks
dialog: over at her son and says, "Son,
dialog: whatever you do, don't sell that
dialog: cow!"
text: The couple laughs with great amusement, but everyone else in
text: the car doesn't laugh--this is the tenth time they've heard
dialog: the joke.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. OF CAR.
text: --getting on toward evening. All are thoroughly relaxes and
dialog: chatting.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (to Velma)
dialog: How old are you, honey?
speaker_heading: VELMA
dialog: Thirty-three.
text: A sudden look of surprise registers on EUGENE's face.
scene_heading: INT. OF CAR. NIGHT.
text: It is now night. Everyone inside the car is eating.
text: Apparently they stopped somewhere along the way for food.
text: In the crowded interior, it is like a party--food is being
text: passed back and forth, laughter and gaiety, increasing
text: warmth between the couple and the Barrows. The car has
text: become a little society on wheels, dashing through the black
text: night down the highway. Inside there is a small world of
dialog: happiness and fun.
text: BUCK is unpacking the food and passing sandwiches and drinks
text: around the car.
speaker_heading: VELMA
dialog: Now I ordered some French fries,
dialog: didn't I?
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (passing her some)
dialog: Yeah, here you go.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Take it easy on those French fries,
dialog: Velma. Ain't that right, Eugene?
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: (studying his hamburger)
dialog: This isn't mine. I ordered mine
dialog: well done. Who's got the other
dialog: hamburger?
text: Close-up. C.W. who has already taken a bite of the other one.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: Oh, is this supposed to be yours?
text: He extends the bitten burger out to EUGENE.
dialog: Full shot.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: That's okay, forget it.
text: CLYDE laughs at this.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (chewing)
dialog: Haw! I sure am havin' a good time!
dialog: How 'bout you folks? Ain't you
dialog: glad we picked you up?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Hey, maybe y'all ought to join up
dialog: with us.
text: That idea strikes everyone as being very amusing.
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Ha! Wouldn't they be surprised
dialog: back home to hear that?
speaker_heading: VELMA
dialog: Yeah. What would Martha and Bill
dialog: say if they heard that?
text: (she roars with laughter)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: VELMA (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: EUGENE
dialog: Lordy! They'd throw a fit!
dialog: (roars with laughter)
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: What do you do, anyway?
speaker_heading: EUGENE
text: (as his laugh begins
dialog: to fade)
dialog: I'm an undertaker.
text: Suddenly everyone freezes. A shudder, as if the cold hand
text: of death had suddenly touched the occupants of the car. The
text: atmosphere changes to cold, deadly, fearful silence in
text: exactly one second. It is a premonition of death for the
text: Barrows, and they react accordingly, BONNIE especially.
text: Close-up. BONNIE.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
text: (tautly, in a flat voice)
dialog: Get them out of here.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD. NIGHT.
text: The car brakes to a sudden stop. The rear down is opened,
text: the MAN and WOMAN flung out into the darkness. The car
text: drives off into the lonely night.
dialog: From this point on, the audience should realize that death
text: is inevitable for the Barrow gang, that it follows them
dialog: always, that it waits anywhere. It is no longer a question
dialog: of whether death will come, but when it will.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS. MORNING.
text: Moving with CLYDE he tears through the brush, snagging his
text: clothes, calling BONNIE's name. CLYDE's search is so
dialog: desperate here that for a moment we might think he is
text: fleeing from something rather than looking for something.
text: In a moment he emerges onto the road. The car, with C.W.
text: driving, and BUCK and BLANCHE beside him, is patrolling
text: slowly up ahead of him.
text: CLYDE spots it and runs toward it. Hold on this angle until
text: he catches up with it and leaps onto the running board.
dialog: 77.
text: Moving shot. Car. Morning. CLYDE, now on the running
text: board, his head poked into the car, his face apple red and
dialog: sweating.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (breathing heavily)
dialog: ...see anythin', Buck?
text: BUCK is shocked at his brother's desperation, but makes no
text: overt comment on it.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: --not yet, boy.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (with an edge of
dialog: paranoia, as if the
dialog: three of them might
dialog: be withholding
dialog: something from him)
dialog: --and nobody saw her leave, or
dialog: heard anythin'
dialog: (almost a threat)
dialog: ...C.W....?
scene_heading: EXT. CAR. MOVING SHOT. DAY.
text: CLYDE gets the point. For the very first time we see CLYDe,
text: the leader, helpless as he hangs onto the running board.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (lamely)
dialog: ...Well, where do you think she
dialog: could've gone?...Buck?...Buck?
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (amazed and a little frightened)
dialog: Jesus, I don't know...
text: CLYDE looks helplessly at his brother, then drops off the
text: running board and continues on foot, running along, scanning
text: the fields--the car keeping up beside him as he runs and we
text: truck before both car and CLYDE.
text: Angle on car through windshield. Reaction shot. Day. BUCK
text: turning to BLANCHE, shrugging his shoulders, speechless.
text: Reverse angle through the windshield. Day--at CLYDE, who
text: has suddenly seen something begins gesticulating wildly,
text: almost--from car's POV, a little comically.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: There! There! There!
dialog: 78.
text: He starts running off into a cornfield.
text: Another angle--picking up CLYDE as he kicks his way into the
text: cornfield, knees pumping high, knocking down the stalks. He
text: stops and picks up the stocking he had spotted, takes it and
text: moves on.
text: Still another angle as CLYDE has picked up a freshly beaten
text: trail through the cornfield. He picks up one of BONNIE's
text: scarves, now. As he runs on, he clears a knoll and BONNIE,
text: her yellow hair unmistakable even at this distance, comes
text: into view. She's far off in the cornfield, stalking off,
text: looking neither to right nor left, carrying a brown paper
text: sack that has split, from which she has occasionally lost
text: clothing. CLYDE screams, "BONNIE." She apparently doesn't
dialog: hear.
text: Angle on cornfield. Day. As CLYDE gets closer. BONNIE
text: herself suddenly breaks into flight, the paper bag splitting
text: completely, the remaining clothes spilling out. There is a
text: real chase where they each try to get the advantage. CLYDE
text: is so exhausted from his run that he has real trouble
text: cornering her as they maneuver up and down the rows of corn.
text: Finally CLYDE catches up.
text: Extreme close-up. BONNIE &amp; CLYDE. Day. As they tumble
text: into the stalks of corn, mowing them down.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Leave me alone! Leave me alone!
speaker_heading: CLYDE
text: (holding her, kissing
dialog: her frantically)
dialog: Hey...hey, hey, baby, hey, Bonnie,
dialog: hey baby...
dialog: (calming her down)
dialog: ...Hey, hey now...just where did
dialog: you think you were goin'?...
text: BONNIE doesn't answer.
text: Up angle. POV CLYDE. As he's momentarily distracted by
text: BUCK's laughter as he's in the cornfield picking up BONNIE's
text: clothing. CLYDE waves an impatient it's all-right-wave. He
text: turns back to BONNIE who he still holds tightly.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (still frantic)
dialog: --Huh. Bonnie? Where? Where?
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: I don't know! You're hurting me, I
dialog: was just scared is all...and my
dialog: mama's been on my mind, and she's
dialog: gettin' so old...
text: BONNIE hesitates, beginning to feel a little foolish now.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Boy, don't ever leave without
dialog: sayin' somethin'. You really
dialog: scared me, Bonnie.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: But I mean it, though. I want to
dialog: see my mama. Please, Clyde.
text: Two shot. BONNIE and CLYDE. Day.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (enormously relieved,
dialog: kissing her)
dialog: Okay, sweetheart.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE OF A ROAD. VERY LONG SHOT. DAY.
text: --of three or four cars parked on the side of a road in
text: Texas. A light rain is falling. There are a lot of people
text: gathered around, but the sound is an indistinct mixture of
dialog: talk, laughter, etc.
text: There follows a quick montage of cuts which isolate specific
text: moments in the family reunion, thereby implying the entire
text: tone of the proceedings. The sense of family pervades.
text: Montage. BONNIE and MOTHER. BONNIE's mother, an old woman,
text: grabs her and hugs her and cries.
text: Montage. BONNIE, CLYDE, MAN. A man, an uncle perhaps,
text: stands with BONNIE and CLYDE, arms around them both, hugging
text: them to his sides tightly.
text: Montage. BONNIE and sister. BONNIE's sister hands them a
text: scrapbook of clippings.
speaker_heading: SISTER
dialog: Here you are, we been cuttin' and
dialog: pastin' everything we could find
dialog: about you in the papers.
dialog: 80.
text: CLYDE, BONNIE, BUCK and BLANCHE all look at the scrapbook.
text: We see a page of it, showing newspaper articles with the
text: photographs the gang took back at the motel.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: Hey look, here's that one I took of
dialog: you, Clyde. That came out just fine!
text: Montage. BONNIE, CLYDE, MAN. BONNIE and CLYDE are posing
text: for a comic snapshot. A silly looking male relative is
text: posing, pointing a gun at them. They have their hands in
text: the air and are grinning broadly. (The effect should be
dialog: funny and simultaneously frightening.)
text: Montage BUCK, SMALL BOY. BUCK is sitting with a little
text: four-year-old on his knee, bouncing him up and down and
text: singing. Both are having a fine time.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Oh, Horsey! keep your tail up, keep
dialog: yer tail up, keep yer tail up, Oh,
dialog: Horsey! keep yer tail up, Why don't
dialog: you make it rise.
text: Montage--C.W. A hand off camera thrusts a sandwich at C.W.
text: He opens the bread to see what's inside it, then eats it.
text: Montage--BONNIE &amp; SISTER. BONNIE sits stock-still while her
text: sister gives her a permanent in the back seat of a car. He
text: sister pauses, setting down the curling iron. She strokes
text: BONNIE's yellow head with her hand, as though she were a
text: wild animal that had paused long enough to be petted.
text: BONNIE turns to see her sister's expression. They embrace.
text: Montage--Family picnic--Favoring CLYDE, MOTHER &amp; BONNIE.
text: CLYDE, in his best theatrical manner has been playing host
text: in the sand pile, perhaps using some sort of towel across
text: the arm or around the middle. The party is beginning to
text: break up now as used paper plates and crumpled napkins are
text: blowing across the sand and the group is finishing up on
dialog: Eskimo pie.
speaker_heading: BONNIE'S UNCLE
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Where y'all headed from here?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (right back)
dialog: I don't know, what y'all got in
dialog: mind? At this point we ain't
dialog: headin' to anywhere, we're just
dialog: runnin' from.
dialog: 81.
text: CLYDE laughs, in fine spirits.
text: Reaction--BONNIE. She doesn't.
scene_heading: BONNIE'S SISTER'S VOICE
dialog: C'mon, down, Litte Tom! We're
dialog: goin' home. Little Tom? Mathew,
dialog: fetch Little Tom.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Don't go yet, Mama.
speaker_heading: UNCLE'S VOICE
dialog: (cutting in)
dialog: C'mere, c'mere you little corn
dialog: roller.
text: Wide angle. As Uncle sweeps up the laughing little Tom.
text: Reaction--BONNIE. BONNIE turns with increased urgency to
text: her MOTHER, who, having been hefted to her feet by BONNIE's
text: sister, has turned to CLYDE, who gives her a big, boyish hug.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: ...you know, Clyde, I read about
dialog: y'all in the papers and I'm jes'
dialog: scared.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (to Clyde)
dialog: Sugar, make mama stay a while yet.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (ignoring Bonnie, as
dialog: does Mother,
text: ebulliently, even joshing)
dialog: Now Mrs. Parker, don't y'all
dialog: believe what you read in the papers!
dialog: That's the law talking there. They
dialog: want us to look big so's they'll
dialog: look big when they catch us.
text: He knows he's stumbled onto the wrong thing, but he bounces
dialog: right along--it's his style.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: --and they can't do that. Why, I'm
dialog: even better at runnin' than robbin'
dialog: banks--aw shoot, if we done half
dialog: the stuff they said we did, we'd be
dialog: millionaires, wouldn't we, old
dialog: sugar.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: CLYDE (CONT'D)
dialog: (he turns to Bonnie
dialog: who continues to
dialog: stare at her Mother)
dialog: And I wouldn't risk Bonnie here
dialog: just to make money, uncertain as
dialog: times are. Why one time I knowed
dialog: of a job where we could of make
dialog: $2000 easy, but I saw the law
dialog: outside and I said to myself, why
dialog: Bonnie could get hurt here. So I
dialog: just drove right on and let that
dialog: money lay.
text: He waits for a response, as does BONNIE. BONNIE's MOTHER
text: smiles, a little abstractedly.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: ...Maybe you know the way with her,
dialog: then. I'm just an old woman and I
dialog: don't know nothin...
text: She trails off, looking nowhere in particular. CLYDE takes
text: her reaction to mean that he's overwhelming her with his
text: confidence, and continues to pour it on.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: We'll be quittin' this just as soon
dialog: as the hard times is over, Mother
dialog: Parker, I can tell you that. Why
dialog: me and Bonnie were just talkin' the
dialog: other day and we talked about when
dialog: we'd settle down and get us a home,
dialog: and Bonnie said, "I couldn't bear
dialog: to live morn'n three miles from my
dialog: precious mother." Now how'd you
dialog: like that, Mother Parker?
text: BONNIE's MOTHER has undergone a funny sort of transformation
text: during CLYDE's speech--as if something had suddenly come
text: into focus before the old woman's eyes.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Don't believe I would. I surely
dialog: don't.
dialog: (to Bonnie)
dialog: You try to live three miles from me
dialog: and you won't live long, honey.
dialog: (to Clyde)
dialog: You'd best keep runnin' and you
dialog: know it, Clyde Barrow.
dialog: (matter of fact)
dialog: Bye, baby.
dialog: 83.
text: She hugs BONNIE who can barely respond. We move in for a
text: closeup of BONNIE as her various relatives, young and old
text: come by to squeeze, kiss and hug her with a chirpy little
dialog: chorus of Bye, Bonnie! Bye, Bonnie, bye, bye, bye.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. PLATTE CITY MOTEL. PLATTE CITY, IOWA. DAY.
text: Hold on the outside long enough to see the unusual
text: structures: two little motel cabins connected by two
text: identical garages, an entirely symmetrical structure.
scene_heading: INT. PLATTE CITY MOTEL BEDROOM. WITH BONNIE. DAY.
text: --as she tries, against heavy odds, to file and trim her
text: nails in a corner of the room. The odds are; CLYDE on a
text: uke, b.g., BUCK, and BLANCHE--gathered around C.W. who sits
text: in the only stuffed chair in the room. Their o.s.
text: raucousness is clearly shattering to BONNIE who, at a key
text: moment in the scene, ends up spearing her cuticle with a
text: file, spurting a little board and a lot of temper.
scene_heading: Other angle. CLYDE--BUCK--BLANCHE--C.W. Day. A naked
text: lightbulb (the lampshade has been removed) glares down on
text: C.W.'s chest--where a pair of bluebirds have been tattooed
text: with a rocco flourish. BUCK and BLANCHE are vastly amused--
text: rather BLANCHE takes delight in BUCK's delight.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: How long have ya had it?
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (like some docile
dialog: animal submitting to inspection)
dialog: --just got it.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (to Blanche, who
text: stares fascinated as
text: one of C.W.'s pectoral
dialog: muscles contracts and
dialog: the wings flutter)
dialog: Touch it, honey! Go on!
text: BLANCHE squeals with amusement. BUCK takes BLANCHE's hand
text: and places it on the bluebirds.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: (titillated with delight)
dialog: Oh, no, Daddy! No!
text: Reaction BONNIE. Day--as the file digs into her cuticle on
text: BLANCHE's squeal. With barely controlled rage:
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: What are you all doin'?
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL BEDROOM. GROUP SHOT. FAV. BONNIE. DAY.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (insensitive to
dialog: Bonnie's stare)
dialog: Playin' with my tattoo, Bonnie.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Well, why don't you all go play
dialog: with it somewhere else?
text: New angle. Motel bedroom. Day.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: What's bothering her?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (sees something coming)
dialog: Not now, Blanche.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (who doesn't want to
dialog: be victimized by
dialog: Bonnie's temperament)
dialog: What's bothering her, Clyde?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (exploding)
dialog: I said go somewhere else!
text: She picks up the first three objects she can find on the
text: dresser and hurls them--an ashtray, a Gideon Bible, and a
text: flower pot--at the little group. The pot goes shattering
text: into the wall. Everyone ducks.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (straightening up,
dialog: matter-of-fact)
dialog: Bonnie's hungry, C.W. I saw a
text: chicken place a few miles back.
dialog: Who all wants to go get some food?
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL BEDROOM. GROUP SHOT. DAY.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: (rising from her
dialog: chair, a little
text: shaken at Bonnie's outburst)
dialog: I sure do. I'm plenty tired of
dialog: sittin' around here anyway.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (not making a move to
dialog: get up)
dialog: You can't drive, honeylove.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: I'll go.
text: CLYDE makes a face to BONNIE pretending there's something
text: going on between C.W. and BLANCHE. BONNIE tries to keep
text: from being amused. C.W. moves out with BLANCHE. BUCK rises
dialog: to go next door.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: What's everybody want?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Just five chicken dinners, and get
dialog: somethin' for dessert.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: See if they got peach ice cream.
text: (he grins and pats
dialog: his stomach)
text: All finally exit, leaving BONNIE and CLYDE alone.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR AND STREET. DUSK.
text: C.W. and BLANCHE go out. We go with them. They get in the
text: car and drive off. BUCK enters his cabin.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL BEDROOM. BONNIE AND CLYDE. DUSK.
text: CLYDE reaches her, and for a moment both stare with fanatic
text: intensity at each other, BONNIE trying desperately to keep a
text: straight face. They are nose to nose, unblinking. CLYDE
text: gives her a big raspberry, waggling his fingers in his ears
text: like a kid. She laughs.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: I hate you all.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I hate y'all, too.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: no, I really hate you.
text: She turns away from him, wilts onto the bed.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (eyes brimming)
dialog: Oh, baby, I've got the blues so
dialog: bad...
text: CLYDE moves behind her, begins to massage her back. There
dialog: is something very delicate about the way he touches her; it
text: suggests CLYDE's sensitivity to her mood rather than any
dialog: degree of physical intimacy.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Bonnie?...is it your mama, what
dialog: your mama said?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: What mama?...she's just an old
dialog: woman now...I have no mama...
text: BONNIE rolls over on her back, stares up at CLYDE, tears
text: splaying across her face from the move.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: ...so funny...I thought when we
dialog: first went out, we were really
dialog: goin' somewhere...but this is it--
dialog: we're just goin', huh?
text: She has addressed this last directly to CLYDE, but there is
dialog: nothing rhetorical about it--it is a real question. CLYDE
text: doesn't answer for a moment. Then:
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Do you care about where we're goin'?
text: BONNIE clearly finds this hard to say:
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Not as long as you care about me.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (quite simply)
dialog: Why I love you, sugar.
text: It's the first time he's said it to her, and BONNIE is
text: overwhelmed. She wraps her arms around CLYDE's middle, and
text: snuggles into him, like a child. Neither we nor CLYDE can
text: see BONNIE's face now, and her voice is muffled by his chest.
speaker_heading: BONNIE'S VOICE
dialog: --enough to die with me, baby?...
dialog: 'cause I think that's where we're
dialog: goin'...I surely do.
dialog: 87.
text: CLYDE is both touched and amused by the plea. He strokes
text: her head lightly. Really meaning it.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: --wherever.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. CAR.
text: BLANCHE, her tense and agitated self growing increasingly
text: more so lately, lights a fresh cigarette off the butt of the
text: one she has been smoking.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (conversationally)
dialog: You sure smokin' all the time lately.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: (quick to take
dialog: offense, snaps)
dialog: So what?
dialog: C.W.
dialog: Nothin'.
text: BLANCHE, sick of it all, drops her head in her hand with a
dialog: sigh.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: Oh, God...
text: C.W. looks at her, finally decides to say something that
text: occurs to him.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: Whyn't you go back home to your papa?
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: (it's been her dream)
dialog: Oh, if I could! If I could just do
dialog: that one thing! Oh, there's no
dialog: tellin' why this all happened. I
dialog: was a preacher's daughter.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: When church is your pa affiliated
dialog: with?
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: (much more interested
dialog: in talking about herself)
dialog: Baptist...oh, and he thought the
dialog: world of Buck, my daddy did, even
dialog: knowing that Buck was serving time
dialog: in jail. He forgave him for that
dialog: 'cause he paid his debt to society.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: We were Disciples of Christ.
scene_heading: INT. FRIED CHICKEN CAFE.
text: The camera remains stationary in this scene, in this position.
text: A lunch counter sweeps down the center of the screen. We
text: are at one end of the counter. In the f.g., a DEPUTY sits
text: drinking coffee, absorbed in his cup. In the b.g., at the
text: other end of the counter, by the Exit door, BLANCHE and C.W.
text: are being handed their order by the counterman.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: Hey, C.W., I ain't got my money.
dialog: Give me some, will you?
text: The DEPUTY turns his head and looks over there. C.W. opens
text: his jacket to reach in his pocket for money. As he opens
text: his coat, his gun is clearly seen tucked in his pants.
text: Camera zooms in to tight close-up of gun.
text: Close shot. DEPUTY--his face tense. Sound of door closing
text: shut, as C.W. and BLANCHE leave.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: (to counterman)
dialog: Get Sheriff Smoot on the phone.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PLATTE CITY MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT.
text: On C.W.'s moonlit chest and face, tattooed bluebirds heaving
text: and occasionally snoring in the night. Behind him the room
text: is dimly lit by flickering candles that are placed out of
text: sight on the floor. The shapes in the room--the bed is
text: gutted and only the box mattress remains--dresser, lamp
text: shades, etc., are grotesque in the flickering light. O.s.
text: sounds of BONNIE and CLYDE, BONNIE giggling and CLYDE
text: whispering something we can't quite hear.
text: Move across the room toward the gutted bed. Move giggling
text: from the floor beneath the box mattress--for a moment it
dialog: should appear as if something perversely sexual may be going
text: on between BONNIE and CLYDE.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: BONNIE'S VOICE
dialog: Ready?
speaker_heading: CLYDE'S VOICE
dialog: (a little embarrassed)
dialog: Aw Bonnie--
speaker_heading: BONNIE'S VOICE
dialog: (coaxing)
dialog: C'mon!
text: CLYDE's arm wielding a Tommy gun, clears the bed. With the
text: muzzle, CLYDE knocks the swivel mirror on the dresser
text: overhead, bringing BONNIE and CLYDE into view.
text: Closer angle mirror--BONNIE and CLYDE. Night. BONNIE lies
text: stiff as a statue on the white mattress, impeccably dressed
text: for her funeral. Candelabras made of empty beer bottles lie
text: at her head and feet. BONNIE's hands and face are powdered
text: and painted a waxen white. She wears a garish silk bow in
text: her hair which it, for this occasion, curled like a little
dialog: girl's.
text: CLYDE sits up, beer bottle in one hand, Tommy gun in the
text: other, derby hat cocked--and just a little unsure of the
text: whole thing. He takes a swig--BONNIE stops him, trying
dialog: terribly hard not to change her position.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Lie down now, honey.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I've done enough!
text: Angle on mirror--BONNIE and CLYDE. Night.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (with patience, to a child)
dialog: You have to lie down...it's the
dialog: only way we can tell what we'll
dialog: look kike together.
text: She giggles again, more than a little gassed herself. CLYDE
text: clamps a big cigar between his teeth and abruptly lies down
text: beside her. CLYDE is both amused and annoyed.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (staring up at
dialog: himself talking with
dialog: cigar clenched
dialog: between his teeth)
dialog: Whatta you think?
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (it suddenly strikes her)
dialog: That's not the right tie!
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (rising, weaving a little)
dialog: You can't wear polka-dots on an
dialog: occasion like this.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Well what--
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Stripes. Don't go away now.
text: She weaves her way over to the dresser, takes a swig from a
text: bottle there herself, checks her makeup, and returns with
text: the tie. Holding against his chest to try it out she almost
text: falls into him. CLYDE steadies her.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Perfect.
text: She tries to tie it for him, and clearly has trouble with
dialog: the knot.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: OK, o.k. If we're gonna do this,
dialog: at least I can tie it myself. Lie
dialog: down before you fall down.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL BEDROOM--BONNIE AND CLYDE. NIGHT.
text: She does, with some play-acting, exaggerated obeisance to
text: CLYDE's command--reaching up at the last moment like a
text: zombie and snatching an artificial flower from BLANCHE's hat
text: which still lies on the dresser. CLYDE lies down now. They
text: look into the mirror again.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (grudgingly)
dialog: Better?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Much.
text: This tickles CLYDE despite himself and he laughs--BONNIE
text: begins to sing to him--performing for both CLYDe and her own
text: image in the mirror--like some hoydenish vaudevillian.
dialog: 91.
text: During the course of the song she will rise and take CLYDE
text: with her who finally joins in when they tip-toe over and
text: begin to serenade C.W.
speaker_heading: BONNIE &amp; CLYDE
dialog: (to the lugubrious
dialog: strains of the Death March)
dialog: "Did you ever think when a hearse
dialog: went by,
dialog: That somebody you or I may die?
dialog: They'll wrap you up in a big white
dialog: sheet
dialog: and bury you down just about six
dialog: feet,
text: The worms crawl in, the worms crawl
dialog: out,
dialog: The worms play penuckle on your
dialog: snout.
dialog: Your eyes fall in, your teeth fall
dialog: out,
dialog: Your face turns green and the pus
text: runs out.
text: During this last they have been hovering over C.W.'s
text: twitching face, like a couple of tipsy ghouls, whisper-
text: singing into his ears. C.W. finally blinks, doesn't even
dialog: bother to look at them.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: I'm gonna die if I don't get some
dialog: sleep. Quit singing that.
text: Reaction--BONNIE and CLYDE. Night. They smile, go back and
text: lie down. Looking at their images:
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: All right, shut your eyes now.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (playing along with her)
dialog: No, you first.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: One for the money.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Two for the show.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Three to get ready--
scene_heading: CLYDE &amp; BONNIE
dialog: Four to Go.
dialog: 92.
dialog: As they approach four we should feel that somehow when they
dialog: shut their eyes, they really will die. They shut them on
text: GO, and screen goes black.
scene_heading: EXT. PLATTE CITY MOTEL. NIGHT.
text: Ranged across the lawn are six police cars, loaded with
text: peace officers. Four men come out and, guns drawn, walk
text: cautiously over to the room on the right--BUCK and BLANCHE's.
scene_heading: INT. PLATTE CITY MOTEL. BUCK'S CABIN. NIGHT.
text: There is a knock on the door. They sit bolt upright in bed.
text: Before BUCK can say anything, BLANCHE puts her hand over his
text: mouth to shut him up.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: (calling out)
text: The men are on the other side.
scene_heading: EXT. PLATTE CITY MOTEL. NIGHT.
text: The four lawmen, among them the DEPUTY from the cafe, edge
text: their way across the lawn, past the first garage, past the
text: second. Before they reach the door of BONNIE and CLYDE's
text: cabin, the window smashes and there are blasts of gunfire.
text: One cop is hit and falls, the others run back to the cars
text: for cover. BONNIE and C.W. are at the window, firing
dialog: steadily.
text: CLYDE--running into the garage to get the car. They must
text: escape. All they can do is escape, and all they have is
text: that one car in the closed garage.
text: Outside. Two of the lawmen fall to the ground, shot. As
text: the remaining two run back for cover, we see a blinding
text: light rolling up in a space between the six cars. It is an
text: armored truck, with mounted guns and and spotlight, advancing
text: toward the cabin.
text: Inside the armored truck. Two men in the seat. Sounds of
text: gunshots coming from everywhere, piercing light. From
text: inside the truck, we suddenly see the windshield shattered
text: from bullets fired by BONNIE and C.W. The driver is hit,
text: and he slumps over the wheel. His body hits the horn, which
text: starts blasting and continues throughout the battle. The
text: other man, quickly, ducks under the dashboard for protection.
text: Inside the garage. CLYDE standing by the car. He holds the
text: Browning Automatic. The garage door is shaking from the
text: impact of bullets, shattering. His gun already firing
text: (automatic clip) before he gets there. CLYDE in a crouch
text: runs to the garage door, flings it up, and runs back inside
text: the car. Now the door is open and he can get the car out.
dialog: 93.
text: One hand on the wheel, one hand shooting, he rolls the car
text: out onto the driveway. The battle is raging from all sides.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET.
text: The car stops. CLYDE keeps shooting. The door of the cabin
text: flies open and BONNIE and C.W. come charging out, guns
text: blazing away. C.W. fires the Thompson sub-machine gun,
text: BONNIE fires two pistols with automatic clips. They run in
text: a crouch, tryingto get inside the car in front of their door.
dialog: They make it.
text: Camera pans across the motel to the other door. It opens,
text: BUCK and BLANCHE come out, holding a double bed mattress in
text: front of them for protection. This makes their running
text: awkward--the mattress is heavy. BLANCHE carries the front
text: end, BUCK the back with one hand, the other firing his gun.
text: They get halfway to the car and then BUCK is hit, shot in
text: the head. He falls to the ground; BLANCHE and the mattress
text: fall too since she has lost balance. Both are under the
dialog: mattress.
text: CLYDE dashes out of the car and drags BUCK into the back
text: seat. BLANCHE follows, hysterical. All guns on all sides
text: are still firing. They fling themselves into the car and
text: from a standing start, the car starts out at 60 mph down the
text: driveway. One of the lawmen stands blocking the way with a
text: double-barrele rifle, but the car keeps coming, about to run
text: him down. He jumps out of the way and fires at the side.
text: The glass cracks and we see BLANCHE fling a hand to her
text: face, which is bloody. A piece of glass has lodged in her
text: eye. We hear her scream. The horn is still blasting.
scene_heading: INT. THE CAR SWERVING MADLY.
text: CLYDE manages to keep it on the road. They drive away.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET.
text: The police run back to their cars to give chase, calling out
text: to each other, unable to believe that the gang could possibly
dialog: have gotten away.
scene_heading: INT. CAR. NIGHT.
text: as it is speeding down the highway. Crazy, mad hillbilly
text: music on the soundtrack. Packed inside this car right now
text: is more sheer human misery and horror than could be believed.
text: It is hell in there, hell and suffering and pain. The car
text: is a complete mess. C.W. is sobbing. Everyone is hysterical.
text: BLANCHE is shrieking with pain and concern for BUCK. BUCK
text: is alternating between groaning and passing out completely.
text: BONNIE is yelling at everybody to shut up.
dialog: 94.
text: Only CLYDE, driving with both hands clenched on the wheel,
text: is silent. The car is doing 90.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET. NIGHT.
text: The car from the outside, a half hour later. They have
text: eluded the police. They are barreling down the road at top
text: speed on a nice suburban street with proper homes. It is
text: the middle of the night, utter silence. CLYDE stops the
text: car, points to ca car in a driveway--it is a beautiful,
text: shiny new and expensive automobile. C.W. runs out, runs up
text: the driveway, peers inside, gets in, quietly backs it down
text: the driveway and pulls behind the gang's bullet-riddled
text: getaway car. Suddenly they both zoom off down the road
dialog: together.
scene_heading: INT. OF THE NEW CAR. NIGHT.
text: C.W. driving alone. He is crying, mumbling, wiping his eyes
text: and nose with one hand while he controls the wheel with the
dialog: other.
scene_heading: EXT. RING OF FIRS. NIGHT.
text: A wide field in the country. This is Dexter, Iowa. It is
text: quiet. We see, in a long shot that takes in everything,
text: that this is a meadow surrounded by a ring of trees, a dense
text: forest that circles them. The meadow, however, is large.
text: The two cars drive into the middle of the field, headlights
text: on. They stop and the Barrow gang gets out. They are in
dialog: horrible shape--we can finally have a look at them. Half-
text: dressed in their pajamas, bloody, dirty, in tatters. Those
text: that can stagger out do so, others are carried. A far shot
dialog: of all this.
text: Closer shot. Moving closer to them, we see CLYDE and C.W.
text: lay BUCK down on the ground. CLYDE begins to administer to
text: his wounds as best he can, mostly just wiping him off. BUCK
text: is semi-conscious. All are in a semi-daze. BLANCHE falls
text: to her knees, still clutching her eyes. She is totally
text: hysterical.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: Oh, God, please help us! Dear
dialog: Father in Heaven, get us out of
dialog: this and Buck will never do another
dialog: bad thing in his life!
dialog: (she continues
text: moaning, praying, sobbing)
text: BONNIE walks over to the group, looking at BUCK, C.W. goes
text: over to her. Two shot--BONNIE and C.W.
dialog: 95.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: He ain't got a chance. Half his
text: head blown off.
text: Camera pulls back to take in BLANCHE.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: My eyes!
speaker_heading: (she SCREAMS)
dialog: God, I think I'm blind.
dialog: (in the headlights)
dialog: ...light hurts so bad...
text: BONNIE walks over to the car and comes back with the
text: sunglasses BUCK had given BLANCHE. Moving her out of the
text: glare, she helps BLANCHE put them on. BONNIE now has an arm
text: around BLANCHE, and BLANCHE shivers into BONNIE gracefully.
text: BONNIE is a little repelled by BLANCHE, but comforts her out
text: of genuine feeling for her.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: (clinging)
dialog: Please, please get us to a doctor!
dialog: Tell Clyde to get us to a doctor.
dialog: We'll die here.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (helping with glasses)
dialog: --here, hon'.
text: BONNIE looks silently up to CLYDE. CLYDE is looking dumbly
text: down at his mangled brother.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: (going on)
dialog: Clyde, Clyde, please get us to a
dialog: doctor.
text: Though BLANCHE cannot see it, CLYDE has knelt down to the
text: side of BUCK, taking BUCK's hand and with his other hand has
text: begun smoothing BUCK's hair back, away from the wound.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: He's your brother!
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (gently, knowing
speaker_heading: CLYDE will not and
speaker_heading: cannot answer BLANCHE)
dialog: Buck can't be moved, now, hon'.
text: BLANCHE's answer to this is hysterical sobbing, burying
text: herself into BONNIE, mumbling half-coherent, muffled prayers
text: between the sobs.
dialog: 96.
text: With BUCK and CLYDE.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Clyde?...Clyde?...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Right here, boy.
speaker_heading: BUCK
dialog: I believe I lost my shoes...maybe
dialog: the dog hid 'em...
dialog: (he lapses into
dialog: unconsciousness again)
text: CLYDE has begun to cry a little, continues to smooth back
text: BUCK's hair with ritualistic regularity.
text: Wide angle. Night. Camera pulls away, way back to wide
text: shot of the entire field, showing the group in the center of
text: the darkness, lit by the headlights.
text: Match dissolve into early dawn, camera still on the wide
text: shot. The field is lighter, though the trees still loom
text: blackly around it. The two cars, one almost a shattered
text: wreck, the other bright and shiny and new, are parked in the
text: center. The sky is light, but the trees cast a dark shadow
text: on the field. The gang is just sitting around. BLANCHE
text: weeping next to BUCK, C.W. sitting on the running board of a
text: car, staring. BONNIE standing and smoking. CLYDE still
text: with BUCK.
text: All is quiet.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS. DAY.
text: From the edge of the woods, a man in a white shirt emerges
text: from behind a tree. The camera swings abruptly to get him.
text: He calls out to the gang.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Surrender!
text: It is a total surprise. BONNIE, CLYDE and C.W. all grab
text: their guns and fire several shots; they are not firing the
text: big guns now, but the pistols. The man lingers there for a
text: moment--he looks strange, white, luminous, like an
text: apparition--and then he vanishes into the woods. Silence,
dialog: long enough to make you think it was perhaps an illusion.
text: Then there is a volley of gunfire--a noise so large as to be
text: almost an impossible sound--coming from the woods, all
text: around, everywhere.
dialog: 97.
text: A ring of little white puffs of smoke emerge from the woods;
text: from every tree a puff of smoke. The camera pans in a
text: circle. Behind every tree is a man with a gun. There are
text: at least 150 people out there--peace officers, farmers with
dialog: hunting rifles, kids with squirrel guns, everyone who wanted
text: to come along and catch BONNIE and CLYDE. Their number is
dialog: so large because this time they want no possibility of the
text: gang making what seemed by them supernatural escapes.
text: From this point on, the sound of guns is unnaturally muffled
text: on the sound track. We hardly hear them at all..it is like
text: a dream.
text: Without a word, all of the gang including the half-dead BUCK
text: making his final effort, scramble for the nearest car. They
text: run, throughout this battle, crouched, like animals--their
dialog: only thought, to get away, to escape. To fight it out would
dialog: be ludicrous.
text: From the moment the Barrows start in motion, there is
text: shooting again from the edge of the woods. We see them
text: scrambling towards the car, in an extreme long shot,
text: surrounded by the ring of smoke.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. OF THE CAR.
text: All of them inside. CLYDE is at the wheel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CAR.
text: Med. Long shot of the car moving. The sound track goes to
text: complete silence. We see the car looking for an avenue of
text: escape. It veers towards a tree, a man steps out from
text: behind the tree and fires, the car jerks and veers toward
text: another tree, again a man steps out and fires and so on.
text: The car performs its eccentric dance, all in utter silence
dialog: (no sound of the motor, nothing). The film should have the
text: feeling of slow motion, as the car swerves and loops along
text: the edge of the woods. Not once do any of the Barrows fire
text: back. Another man steps out and aims.
scene_heading: INT. CAR.
text: Close-up. CLYDE. At the wheel-shot in the arm. He grabs
text: his arm in pain, loses control of the wheel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR.
text: --out of control (still silent). It smashes into a tree
text: stump. The picture stops, freezes for three beats. We hold
text: the image of the moment of crash, with pieces of metal
text: crumpling and flying into the air, suspended there by the
dialog: stop-film.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CAR.
text: Sound partly up again, but never at its realistic volume.
text: From inside the smashed car, we peer out the window across
text: the field and see the other car. The thought strikes the
text: audience at the same time it strikes the gang--they must get
dialog: to that car.
text: Med. shot of the second car, sitting in the field, shining
text: in the sun. The lawmen also realize what must be done--cut
text: off this escape. Though BONNIE, CLYDE and the others are
text: heading toward it, they suddenly train all their fire on the
text: car rather than the gang.
text: The car fills the frame of the screen. Bullets begin to hit
text: it. It starts to quiver under the impact. For the next
text: minute, we see the car die in front of our eyes. We see the
text: beautiful machine fall to pieces--windows smash, tires torn
text: apart, body riddled. The death of the car is as painful to
text: watch as the willful death of a human being. The execution
text: is paced deliberately to show the ritualistic tempo of the
dialog: destruction.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS.
text: The camera pulls back, way back and slightly above everything
text: to reveal the entire field. On the left of the screen,
text: BONNIE, CLYDE and C.W. are scrambling toward the edge of the
text: woods. In the center BUCK and BLANCHE have taken cover
text: behind a fallen log. In the foreground, police begin to
text: emerge from the woods. The camera zooms rapidly in with
text: them toward BUCK. BLANCHE is screaming.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: Don't kill him! Don't kill him!
dialog: He's dying!
text: BUCK is making a last feeble attempt. The zoom continues
text: past BUCK until it comes tight on his hand, a lawman's foot
text: steps on his hand. BUCK falls over. He dies. BLANCHE
dialog: screams.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: Don't die, Daddy. Don't die!
dialog: 99.
text: She goes berserk. Five men, one hardly a teen-ager, grab
text: her and hold her as she writhes and cries. She is still
text: wearing the sunglasses.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS AND STREAM. BONNIE, CLYDE, AND C.W. DAY.
text: They have reached the edge of the woods. Camera tracks with
text: them as they run. From all around come the sounds of the
text: posse. The three get in through the pines and come finally
text: to a deep stream. They jump in and start across, running
text: awkwardly in chest-deep water. They are half way across
text: when the police appear on the bank behind them, shooting.
text: Close-up. BONNIE. Day--as she is struggling through the
text: water. A bullet hits her in the shoulder. We must see this
dialog: bullet clearly, we must see it go in her flesh so that we
dialog: can feel it.
text: Tight close-up of BONNIE's face as she screams. It is the
text: first time she has been hurt, and the scream is pure animal
text: pain. She cries out.
scene_heading: EXT. STREAM AND CORNFIELD. DAY.
text: CLYDE, who has almost reached the other side, comes back and
text: gets her. He drags her out of the water and into a cornfield
text: that starts growing on the opposite bank, C.W. helping. He
text: half-carries half-runs with her into the cornfield, as the
text: field gets deeper and thicker.
text: They stop for a second.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (panting, to Bonnie)
dialog: Saw...saw a farm...up ahead...gotta
dialog: get...a car...
text: He starts to give over the wounded BONNIE to C.W.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Baby, no...
dialog: But CLYDE has not heard this last. Working on pure
text: adrenaline now, he struggles onward. Camera tilts up
text: slightly so we can see CLYDE as he essays his way toward a
text: farmhouse with a car in the distance. After a few moments
text: he disappears and we can hear only the cracking of the
text: stalks as that sound too diminishes,
text: Full shot. Cornfield. Day. Silence.
dialog: 100.
text: Close. C.W. and BONNIE. Obviously some time later. They
text: both lie prostrate in the field, listening. C.W. licks his
dialog: lips.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: Maybe--
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Shhh!
text: They wait for another long moment, picking up only the
text: tiniest sounds.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (finally)
dialog: Oh, no.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: What? What?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (as though it were
dialog: the most logical
dialog: thing in the world)
dialog: I can't die without Clyde. I just
dialog: can't.
text: C.W. looks at her as if she's gone crazy. After another
text: moment the corn begins to tremble, and we hear the o.s.
text: sound of an approaching car.
text: With C.W. Day--tentatively lifting his head up to clear the
text: corn stalks. With him we see the car looming larger,
text: bearing down on us, splitting the corn stalks. The car
text: finally comes to a stop a few feet in front of C.W. BONNIE
text: is on her feet, and CLYDE tumbles out of the car, practically
text: before it's stopped, sweeping BONNIE into him. For a moment
text: both are in their knees a few feet from the running board of
text: the car, simply holding onto each other and not moving.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (tugging at both of
dialog: them frantically)
dialog: C'mon! C'mon! C'mon!
speaker_heading: ABRUPT CUT:
scene_heading: INT. CAR. ABOUT A HALF HOUR LATER. DAY.
text: They have gotten away, but are still escaping. C.W. is
text: driving. He is bare-chested. CLYDE is beside him in front,
text: his arm bleeding. He falls in and out of consciousness.
text: BONNIE is stretched out in back.
dialog: 101.
text: Her shoulder has been bandaged with C.W.'s shirt. She is
text: unconscious.
scene_heading: INT. CAR. LATE DAY.
text: CLYDE comes half-awake and looks over at C.W.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Head out, C.W.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (determinedly)
dialog: I'm goin' home to my daddy's farm.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD WITH CAMPSITE. THE SAME EVENING.
text: C.W. is driving down the road, hell for leather. Nearing a
text: campsite, where there are about six Okie cars and pick-up
text: trucks all loaded down, with a number of poor families
text: seated around a campfire, cooking. C.W. jams on the brakes.
text: He gets out, looking totally exhausted.
text: Reaction shot. The faces of the Okies, looking at this
text: sudden presence in their midst.
dialog: Back to C.W.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (about to drop)
dialog: Can y'all spare me a little water?
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPSITE. FULL SHOT.
text: One man, the leader of the group, dips a cup of water and
text: approaches C.W. suspiciously. He comes close enough to make
text: C.W. reach out for the water, but withholds it from him.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Who are you, boy?
dialog: C.W.
dialog: Name's Moss.
text: This seems to be enough for the man, who gives him the water.
text: As C.W. gulps it down, the man begins to circle the car,
text: peering into it suspiciously. Suddenly he starts and his
text: eyes open wide.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (in really hushed and
dialog: reverent tones)
dialog: It's Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow.
dialog: 102.
text: He stands there struck dumb, staring. Those of the others
text: who have heard him begin to come over. Without a word they
text: move quietly to the car and stare in.
scene_heading: INT. CAR.
text: BONNIE is out in the back seat; CLYDE is semi-conscious in
text: the front seat. He looks up through half-closed eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR.
text: We see a woman pour a bowl of soup at the campfire and bring
text: it to C.W. He accepts it.
text: A man rolls a cigarette and lights it. Then, very gingerly,
text: as if afraid to really touch him, he reaches through the
text: window and places it in CLYDE's lips. It hangs there, CLYDE
text: unable to drag on it or remove it.
text: Children peer through the back window.
text: C.W. finishes his cup of soup. He hands it and the cup of
text: water back to a woman in the crowd.
text: Quietly, moving together, the Okies step back. C.W. walks
text: to the driver's seat, gets in and shuts the door. He starts
text: up the car.
text: The people push a bit closer for a last look. CLYDE, unable
text: to do more, nods his head in a barely perceptive gesture by
dialog: way of saying "thank you" t ot the people. The cigarette is
text: still dangling from his lips.
text: The car moves off. A YOUNG BOY pulls on his FATHER's shirt.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Who was they, Pa?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: That was Bonnie and Clyde, the bank
text: robbers.
text: A woman, nearby, smiles sweetly.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MOSS FARM. MIDDLE OF THE NIGHT.
text: The car pulls up outside the slightly ramshackle farm of
text: MALCOLM MOSS, C.W.'s father, in Arcadia, Louisiana. It
text: sits, for a moment, in the dark. Then C.W. honks the horn.
text: A few seconds pass, and the porch light comes on. OLD MAN
text: MOSS comes out in his pajamas and peers into the darkness.
text: He is a fat man with gray hair.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Who's there?
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (calling back)
dialog: Daddy?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Who's there? Who is it?
dialog: C.W.
dialog: It's C.W. It's Clarence.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Clarence!
text: He runs down the steps, down the path to his son. They
text: greet each other, hugging for a second, looking each other
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: God, it's good to see you, boy!
text: He holds C.W. at arm's length to study him, and suddenly he
text: scowls at something he sees by the light of the porch.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: What's that on your chest?
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Huh?
dialog: (realizing what he means)
dialog: It's a tattoo...I'm in trouble.
dialog: I'll tell you about it later. My
dialog: friends are hurt. Help me get 'em
dialog: in.
text: MALCOLM goes to car and looks inside for a moment. He walks
dialog: back to C.W.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Jesus, what happened to them? You
dialog: in trouble, son?
dialog: C.W.
dialog: Yeah. That's Clyde Barrow and
dialog: Bonnie Parker.
dialog: (reaction from Malcolm)
dialog: We been shot. Help me get 'em
dialog: inside. We gotta help 'em.
text: They go to the car and drag the unconscious BONNIE out and
text: begin carrying her up to the house.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Why'd you get yourself marked up?
dialog: A tattoo! What in hell made you do
dialog: a damn fool thing like that?
text: They reach the house.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: C'mon, Pa, open the door.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF'S OFFICE IN DEXTER. DAY.
text: Although the scene begins with a full-screen close-up of a
text: newspaper clipping with a photo, it is just a blurry-gray,
text: crowded scene of BLANCHE's capture. Really impossible to
text: make anybody out in the crowd. Camera stays on photo as we
text: hear voice over of two men talking: a sheriff and his deputy.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I was in the bunch that took 'er.
dialog: See here? Can you make me out?
dialog: Here I am, see here, right behind
dialog: Joe Boyd here.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Sure enough, Billy, is that your
dialog: head there?
text: Camera pulls away, BILLY, a young deputy--cold, intense,
text: humorless and square, carefully folds up the clipping and
text: puts it in his wallet.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Still can't figure how we let them
text: other two get away.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (an older, more
dialog: genial type)
dialog: Yeah, seems as how nobody can get
dialog: 'em somehow.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (sullen)
dialog: Yeah...well, maybe this boy'll be
dialog: the one to do it, this Hamer guy.
dialog: Boy if he can't do it, Sheriff,
dialog: ain't nobody but the whole U.S.
dialog: Army can do it.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (with a new note of
dialog: enthusiasm, gets up
dialog: and walks to the
dialog: window--turning to Billy)
dialog: You hear he quit the Rangers on
dialog: account of Texas got that woman
dialog: governor. Said he wouldn't work
dialog: under no woman.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (respectfully)
dialog: Yeah, that's somethin' all right.
dialog: Say, how many they say he shot
dialog: anyway in his day?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Sixty-five they say.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Son of a sea-cook!
text: The door opens. We see, full shot and then fast close-up
text: FRANK HAMER. It should be a complete shock to the audience--
text: this is the man kidnapped by the gang earlier and partially
speaker_heading: destroyed by BONNIE.
text: HAMER is dressed in his Ranger outfit and hat, and again he
text: has that quality of sinister frenzy beneath his calm manner.
dialog: His attitude toward these lawmen is sheer condescension,
dialog: friendly only out of convention, really superior and
text: contemptuous of lesser workers in his field.
speaker_heading: HAMER
dialog: (with politeness
dialog: arising from condescension)
dialog: Excuse me, am I in the right place?
dialog: Is this Sheriff Smoot?
text: PETE and BILLY jump up from the chairs and walk over to
text: HAMER, hands extended. They are quite impressed by meeting
text: in the flesh.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (mispronouncing his name)
dialog: Frank Hammer. I sure am pleased to
dialog: meet you!
dialog: (shakes his hand)
speaker_heading: HAMER
dialog: Hamer.
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: EXT. MOSS FARM. CLOSE SHOT NEWSPAPER. DAY.
text: A coil of rope snaps into and through the paper, splitting
text: it and revealing C.W.'s startled face. CLYDE strides the
text: porch angrily, snapping the rope.
text: BONNIE and MALCOLM are seated along with C.W. Through
text: BONNIE has her arm supported by a sling and CLYDE has his
text: shoulder bandagedm it is evident by CLYDE's heady indignation
text: and BONNIE's attentiveness that both are well on the way to
dialog: recovery.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (still snapping rope)
dialog: FLED? What do they mean, fled?
dialog: How in the nama God could I leave
dialog: my brother to die when he was
dialog: already dead when I left him?
dialog: (livid)
text: He was shot in too many pieces to
dialog: pick off the ground! Fled...what
dialog: do they know, the papers or the
dialog: police?...
text: Suddenly he moves upon MALCOLM with enormous intent, as if
dialog: by pounding the point home to the one relative stranger
text: among them, he will justify it all. MALCOLM momentarily
text: flinches, then listens with intense deference.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Why, while we were all lyin' around
dialog: here, near dead, they had us
dialog: holdin' up the Grand Prairie
dialog: National Bank! They hung that one
dialog: on us just for luck, I guess.
text: CLYDE shakes his head, still thinking this over. Abruptly,
text: to BONNIE, with deadly seriousness:
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Tell you what. Soon's we get well,
dialog: we're gonna take that bank!
text: He breaks into a wicked grin, but then reels, catching
text: himself on the porch railing. He's obviously dizzy from
text: exertion and anger. BONNIE starts--then sees CLYDE is in
dialog: control.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (remarking on his own dizziness)
dialog: Whooooooo, boy...
dialog: (kneeling, to Bonnie)
dialog: They don't know nothin'--do they,
dialog: sugar?
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (assuring him)
dialog: You did all you could, hon'.
dialog: Nobody coulda done more.
text: C.W. has been studying hard on the torn paper, b.g. Suddenly:
dialog: C.W.
dialog: Hey. How come I'm always called
dialog: the "Un-identified sus-spect?"
text: Group shot. Porch. C.W. has trouble with this last phrase.
text: BONNIE laughs. This picks up CLYDE's spirits once more.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (to C.W.)
dialog: You can just thank your lucky stars
dialog: that's all you are. So long's they
dialog: don't have your last name, you're
dialog: home safe.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: (toadying to Clyde,
dialog: talking to Clarence)
dialog: Mr. Barrow's lookin' out for your
dialog: interests, boy.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: Oh...Hey, Pa, how you like havin' a
dialog: coupla big deals stayin' with you?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: (friendly as can be)
dialog: Ain't that somethin' for me?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (back in good mood, expansive)
dialog: Well now, you been real nice to us,
dialog: and I tell you what, let us pay you
dialog: forty dollars for your hospitality,
dialog: what do you say?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: (protesting vehemently)
dialog: No, no, no. I don't want your
dialog: money. I'm just pleased to have
dialog: your company. Any friend of my
dialog: boy's...
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (abruptly)
dialog: Hey, Pa, let's have supper. I'm
dialog: hungry.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Yeah...okay, Clarence...
dialog: (to Clyde)
dialog: You're welcome here, now you know
dialog: that.
scene_heading: INT. MOSS HOUSE.
text: They go into the house. Camera goes with them. As soon as
text: they are out of earshot from BONNIE and CLYDE, MALCOLM turns
text: on C.W. displaying an entirely different demeanor from the
dialog: one he presented outside.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: (indicating tatto
dialog: which flutters
text: through C.W.'s open shirt)
dialog: You look like trash, boy, marked up
dialog: like that. Cheap trash.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (protesting)
dialog: Bonnie says it looks good.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Bonnie, what does she know. She's
dialog: just cheap trash herself. Look
dialog: what they do to you, and you don't
dialog: even get your name in the paper--
dialog: just pictures put on your skin, by
dialog: "Bonnie and Clyde"--
dialog: (more to himself)
dialog: --why they're a coupla kids.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: But, Daddy--
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: I'm just glad your ma ain't alive
dialog: to see that thing.
text: C.W. peeks at it, peering down at his chest, trying to bring
text: the bluebirds into focus, puzzled.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: I don't see what's so bad about it...
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL. MED. SHOT OF THE ROOM.
text: Seated in a soft chair, looking directly at us, is BLANCHE
text: BARROW. Her eyes are completely covered with a white
text: bandage. She wears a hospital gown. The room is white and
dialog: bright.
dialog: 109.
text: Med. shot. HAMER in the doorway. The nurse leaves. He
text: reaches in his pocket and pulls out a white handkerchief.
text: He puts it over his mouth to disguise his voice, afraid she
text: will remember it from the kidnap. Quietly, almost on
text: tiptoes, HAMER walks over to BLANCHE. He gets inches away
text: from her face. She still doesn't know he is there.
speaker_heading: HAMER
dialog: (quietly, but
text: suddenly, his voice
dialog: muffled by the handkerchief)
dialog: Blanche Barrow.
text: She starts to her feet, then adjusts to his presence. She
text: is a bit panicked. BLANCHE is now a defeated human being.
text: Her voice and manner bespeak great weariness, sorrow and
text: still a touch of her old high-strung hysteria. But most of
dialog: that is gone now, like everything else that was really vital
dialog: in her life.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: What? What? Who is it?
speaker_heading: HAMER
dialog: (in a monotone, a
dialog: relentless questioner)
dialog: You know your husband's dead.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: (her voice flat and expressionless)
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: HAMER
dialog: You're going to prison.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: I know it.
speaker_heading: HAMER
dialog: Where's the rest of 'em?
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: HAMER
dialog: Where's the rest of 'em?
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: I just don't know. I don't know.
speaker_heading: HAMER
dialog: How'd you get in with them?
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: (starting slow, but
dialog: warming up to the
dialog: subject, she begins
dialog: to talk and talk for
dialog: the sake of airing
dialog: her troubles)
dialog: I didn't mean to. I didn't. Buck
dialog: said we was just goin' to visit, we
dialog: wouldn't be doin' no robbin' and
dialog: stealin', and then we went to
dialog: Joplin and all of a sudden they
dialog: started shootin'.
dialog: (hysteria begins to
dialog: creep into her voice
text: as she relives it all)
dialog: And we run off, God, I was scared.
dialog: And then it was run all the time,
dialog: and I wanted to go, I begged to go,
dialog: but Clyde and Bonnie and C.W.--
speaker_heading: HAMER
dialog: (seizing on it)
dialog: C.W. C.W. who?
speaker_heading: BLANCHE
dialog: C.W. Moss.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: EXT. CAR ON THE MOSS FARM. A DIRT PATH NEAR THE BARN. DAY.
text: It is pouring rain, middle of the afternoon, BONNIE and
text: CLYDE are inside the car, sitting. They have lived so much
text: in cars that they tend to still spend much of their time in
text: it rather than in a room. There they are themselves.
scene_heading: INT. CAR.
text: BONNIE is in the back seat, her legs wrapped in a plaid
text: blanket, writing poetry. She looks like Elizabeth Barrett
text: Browning. With one essential difference--her arm is in a
text: sling and she is wearing bandages on the shoulder. CLYDE is
text: in the front seat, reading a newspaper. He is also partially
text: bandaged. On the dashboard is a box of ginger-snaps which
text: he eats while he reads. They look domestic.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Want a ginger-snap, Bonnie?
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (busy, absorbed)
dialog: No, hum-umm.
dialog: (then she realizes
dialog: his nice gesture and
text: smiles warmly at him)
dialog: But thanks anyway, Clyde.
dialog: (she takes it all in,
dialog: her situation, and
dialog: looks content and cozy)
dialog: It's real nice here, just the two
dialog: of us like this.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (more interested in
dialog: his paper)
dialog: Uh-huh.
dialog: (something in the
dialog: paper catches his interest)
dialog: Look here, honey, remember this?
text: He holds up the paper; there is one of the photos from the
text: motel, the one showing BONNIE smoking. She looks up at it
text: with mild interest.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Yeah, at the motel.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (studying the picture)
dialog: You sure don't resemble that no more.
text: Close-up BONNIE. She doesn't. She has become totally
text: fragile, the essence of herself. She is writing on a pad.
text: CLYDE and BONNIE.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: What you writin' this time?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (intensely)
dialog: I'm writing a poem about us. I'm
dialog: writing our story.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (this appeals to his ego)
dialog: Oh, are you? Let's hear it. If
dialog: it's good, I'll mail it in to the
dialog: Law and it'll be printed in all the
dialog: papers again.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Just let me finish this line.
dialog: 112.
text: She does so. CLYDE munches a cookie.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Okay, here it is.
text: Close-up. BONNIE--as she reads intensely. At the beginning
text: of this montage, the camera remains on her face. Behind her
text: we see the rain on the window.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "The Story of Bonnie and Clyde"
dialog: You've heard the story of Jesse
dialog: James--
dialog: Of how he lived and died:
dialog: If you're still in need
dialog: Of something to read
dialog: Here's the story of Bonnie and
dialog: Clyde.
dialog: Now Bonnie and Clyde are the Barrow
dialog: Gang
dialog: I'm sure you all have read
dialog: How they rob and steal
dialog: And those who squeal
dialog: Are usually found dying or dead.
dialog: They call them cold-hearted killers;
dialog: They say they are heartless and
dialog: mean;
dialog: But I say this with pride,
dialog: That I once knew Clyde
dialog: When he was honest and upright and
dialog: clean.
dialog: But the laws fooled around,
dialog: Kept taking him down
text: And locking him in a cell,
dialog: Till he said to me,
dialog: "I'll never be free
dialog: So I'll meet a few of them in
dialog: hell."
text: The road was so dimly lighted;
dialog: There were no highway signs to
dialog: guide;
dialog: But they made up their minds
dialog: If all roads were blind,
dialog: They wouldn't give up till they died.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION. DAY.
text: The manuscript is lying on the police blotter. HAMER picks
text: it up and continues reading it. He reads it in a halting
dialog: way:
speaker_heading: HAMER
text: The road gets dimmer and dimmer;
dialog: Sometimes you can hardly see;
dialog: But it's fight man to man,
dialog: And do all you can,
dialog: For they know they can never be
dialog: free.
dialog: From heartbreak some people have
dialog: suffered;
dialog: From weariness some people have
dialog: died;
dialog: But take it all in all,
dialog: Our troubles are small,
dialog: Till we get like Bonnie and Clyde.
text: Close-up of a newspaper page. The poem is printed all the
text: way down the length of one column. On the sound track,
text: BONNIE's voice picks up the recitation:
speaker_heading: BONNIE'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: If a policeman is killed in Dallas,
dialog: And they have no clue or guide;
dialog: If they can't find a fiend,
dialog: They just wipe their slate clean
dialog: And hang it on Bonnie and Clyde.
scene_heading: INT. CAR. CLOSE-UP OF BONNIE. DAY.
text: The day is sunny and we see it through the car window. She
text: continues reading, but now she reads it directly from the
dialog: newspaper:
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: If they try to act like citizens
dialog: And rent them a nice little flat
dialog: About the third night
dialog: They're invited to fight
text: By a sub-gun's rat-tat-tat.
dialog: Some day they'll go down together;
dialog: They'll bury them side by side;
dialog: To few it'll be grief--
dialog: To the law a relief--
dialog: But it's death for Bonnie and Clyde.
dialog: 114.
text: BONNIE finishes the poem, as camera pulls back slightly to
dialog: show that it is a different day, different clothes and the
text: bandages are gone. As she stops, she has an expectant and
text: somewhat self-satisfied look.
text: Close-up of CLYDE. His eyes are wide, his mouth open, his
text: face shows surprise and delight and he is on the verge of a
text: giant laugh.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (in gleeful wonder)
dialog: Damn! That's me!
text: A great laugh comes bursting from him. Camera widens to
text: take in BONNIE. She is both startled and delighted by his
dialog: response.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: In that poem!
text: BONNIE giggles.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (continuing; it is
dialog: all starting to come
dialog: out now--his
dialog: realization that he
dialog: has made it, that he
dialog: is the stuff of
dialog: legend, that he is an
dialog: important figure)
dialog: A sub-gun's rat-tat-tat!
text: (he begins to laugh loudly)
dialog: Right in the paper!
text: Close-up BONNIE. Now laughing too, with a great feeling of
dialog: joy.
text: Two shot. BONNIE and CLYDE.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Jesse James! You hear 'bout old
dialog: Jesse, now you goin' to hear 'bout
dialog: Clyde!
text: He puffs up with air and explodes like a steam valve.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Pshhhhhh!
text: He grabs BONNIE and chuckles delightedly.
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Damn, Bonnie! You musta been one
dialog: hell of a waitress!
text: Close-up. BONNIE--laughing, her eyes filled with tears.
text: CLYDE's hand wipes them away.
text: Two shot.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (shaking his head
text: back and forth like a
dialog: puppy, just so much
text: glee in him that he
dialog: can't hold it)
dialog: Oooooh, that Clyde! That's my boy,
dialog: that Clyde!
text: He looks at her with love and delight, hugs her tightly.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Bonnie...
dialog: (she hugs him back)
dialog: The Poem of Bonnie and Clyde!
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (laughing at the
dialog: mistake, happy)
dialog: The Story.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: The Story of Bonnie and Clyde! Oh,
dialog: child, you really did tell that
dialog: story!
text: He pulls her to him, his face inches away from hers, about
text: to kiss her. She is waiting, expecting... Suddenly, he lets
text: out one wild laugh almost into her mouth.
text: He kisses her. She kisses back. They are chuckling,
text: giggling. They grow more ardent; they pull back and laugh
text: again. They begin to make love.
scene_heading: EXT. ARCADIA STREET. ICE CREAM PARLOR. DAY.
text: Bright afternoon. Camera across the street from an ice
text: cream parlor. Sign about it: "EVA'S HAND-PACKED ICE CREAM."
text: A large plate glass window fronts the store, and through it
text: we can see the people inside seated at tables and booths.
text: Prominent in our vision is MALCOLM MOSS, seated, facing
text: camera. He is seated across from another man, but we see
text: him from the back.
dialog: 116.
text: MALCOLM is obviously doing a lot of talking and then some
text: hard listening; gesticulating and looking disturbed. After
text: a bit of this, he rises from the table and begins walking
text: toward the door. The other man rises and turns. We now see
text: that it is FRANK HAMER.
text: MALCOLM and HAMER come out onto the sidewalk, squinting in
text: the sunlight. MALCOLM mimes some social pleasantries by way
text: of saying "goodbye," but HAMER's face shows no emotion of
text: recognition of the gesture. He turns and walks away,
text: walking out of the frame.
text: MALCOLM stands where he is, in front of the ice cream parlor.
text: By the expression on his face, we can see that he is rather
text: disturbed by what he has heard and that he is still grappling
dialog: with the problem.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: BONNIE and CLYDE. They lie where they were with one
text: difference--they are now wrapped in the blanket. CLYDE's
text: pants are wadded up and tangled with his shoes at the base
dialog: of the blanket.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (chuckling, apparently
dialog: quite pleased)
dialog: Damn!...damn...damn!
text: He casts a sidelong glance to BONNIE, wanting some sort of
text: overt reaction from her. She's just smiling slightly.
text: CLYDE's underlying anxiety begins to surface.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (not looking at her)
dialog: Hey, listen, Bonnie, how do you feel?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (watching him
text: steadily, her slight
dialog: smile growing)
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I mean you feel like you're s'posed
dialog: to feel after you've uh...
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Just.
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (doesn't know what
dialog: the fuck to say,
dialog: desperately wants her approval)
dialog: Well, that's good, ain't it.
dialog: Reason I ask is, I uh... Well, I
dialog: figger it's a good idea to ask. I
dialog: mean how else do I tell if I did it
dialog: the way...
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (stopping him, with
dialog: great warmth)
dialog: Hey. You done just perfect.
text: CLYDE looks at her for the first time, tremendously relieved.
text: He can see she means it. Now his buoyancy, utterly,
text: unchained breaks through:
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I did, didn't I? I mean I did, I
dialog: really did. I did it, I did, I
dialog: mean this was my first time and it
dialog: was just like rollin' off a log
dialog: when it comes right down to it, it
dialog: was easy, I mean I didn't even have
dialog: to try...
text: Lovingly, laughing, altogether overwhelmed with himself,
text: CLYDE pulls BONNIE into him. He kisses her, wants to make
text: love again, but then pulls back and keeps chattering at
dialog: sixty miles a minute. He's waited twenty-three years to
dialog: talk about this, and he's got the perfect audience.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN. MOSS FARM. TWILIGHT.
text: After dinner. There are four empty plates, but only C.W.
text: and MALCOLM in the kitchen. C.W. is scraping the bottom of
scene_heading: a wilted "EVA'S HAND-PACKED ICE CREAM" carton. MALCOLM
text: studies his son's quiet intensity in this direction for a
text: moment, then moves very close, whispers when he speaks.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Boy, they expect you to go downtown
dialog: with 'em tomorrow?
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (out loud, licking
dialog: his ice cream)
dialog: Who?
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: (raising his own
text: voice, infuriated by
dialog: his son's obtuseness)
dialog: Bonnie and Clyde!...
text: (he slaps the carton
text: out of C.W.'s hands;
dialog: whispering again)
dialog: Bonnie and Clyde.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: Sure, I always go with them.
text: MALCOLM thinks hard about this.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: ...better go then, you better go,
dialog: better go...
dialog: (forcing C.W. to sit
dialog: at table)
text: --but when they get back in the car
dialog: to come on home, don't get in with
dialog: them.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (genuinely puzzled)
dialog: Why, Daddy?
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: You just listen to your Pa fer once!
dialog: Cain't you do that? I'm yore
dialog: Daddy, I'm your kin, not Clyde.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (still confused)
dialog: Well, what should I tell 'em? "I
dialog: can't get back in the car with you?"
text: MALCOLM is ready to kill--his son's obtuseness and his fear
text: of CLYDE is whipping him into a quiet frenzy.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: (squeezing C.W.'s arm)
dialog: No, you tell them nothin', hear?
dialog: (hesitates, then)
dialog: I made a deal and got you off with
dialog: a coupla years!
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (a piercing treble)
dialog: Made a deal with who, Daddy?
dialog: 119.
text: MALCOLM hauls off and whacks C.W. across the top of his head
text: with the flat of his hand, then momentarily holds his hand
text: over C.W's mouth.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: (we can see his own fear)
dialog: ...the law. Just don't get back in
dialog: that car.
dialog: (eyeball to eyeball)
dialog: And whatever you do, don't let onto
dialog: them, hear?
text: C.W. suddenly smiles, as if he knew something.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (expletive)
dialog: Whew!... You think them laws are
dialog: gonna catch Bonnie and Clyde in town?
text: C.W. returns to the ice cream carton--MALCOLM lets him,
text: figuring he better find out what he can.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: What do you think, Clarence?
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (matter of fact)
dialog: They ain't gonna catch 'em. Don't
dialog: matter whether I let on or not.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: (playing along)
dialog: Mebbe. Just you be off'n the
dialog: streets of that town when they go
dialog: to get in their car.
dialog: C.W.
dialog: (looking directly at Malcolm)
dialog: Nobody catches Clyde. Clyde's got
dialog: a sense, don't you know that, Daddy?
dialog: Nobody catches Clyde.
text: MALCOLM knows better, but for just a moment he stares at his
text: son, fearing that maybe C.W., for all his limitations, has a
text: sense about CLYDE's sense. C.W. has finished with the
text: carton and crumples it, licking the last remnants of cream
text: off his fingers.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM. MOSS FARM. NIGHT.
text: BONNIE and CLYDE's bedroom, the middle of that night. Both
text: are wide awake, lying on opposite sides of the double bed.
text: Both are staring into the night, disquiet.
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Bonnie? Bonnie, will you marry me?
text: There is a silent gasp from BONNIE, a barely perceptible
text: stiffening. Then she talks in a voice falsely formal, still
text: staring up at the ceiling.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: How could I do that, Clyde? You
dialog: know it's impossible. We'd have to
dialog: go to a Justice of the Peace and
dialog: the Justice of the Peace is a
dialog: lawman. We couldn't even take out
dialog: a license.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (with a chuckle)
dialog: Hey now, you sound like you been
dialog: givin' it some thought on your own.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (with a grim irony,
dialog: her voice getting
dialog: more and more emotional)
dialog: Oh no, I never gave it thought. I
dialog: haven't thought about it at least
dialog: ten times a day, I haven't thought
dialog: about it every minute of my life
dialog: since I met you.
text: (suddenly her voice
dialog: cracks into tears)
text: She flings herself violently across the bed and buries
text: herself into CLYDE's chest, her knees drawn up, her head
text: tucked down into him, her body shaking with sobs.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (a bit startled by
dialog: this, attempting to
text: hold her, awkwardly,
text: and placate her. He
text: puts his arm around her)
dialog: Bonnie...are you crying, honey?
text: BONNIE nods yes and slowly gets control over her tears.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (her face still
speaker_heading: buried in CLYDE's
dialog: chest, she whispers)
dialog: Clyde, why do you want to marry me?
dialog: 121.
text: CLYDE thinks a minute and then grins.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (in an attempt to be humorous)
dialog: To make an honest woman out of you.
speaker_heading: BONNIE is silent.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
text: (finally, in a voice
dialog: charged with
dialog: anticipation and dream)
dialog: Clyde...what would you do, what
dialog: would you do it some miracle
dialog: happened and we could walk out
dialog: tomorrow morning and start all over
dialog: again, clean, with no record, with
dialog: nobody after us?
text: CLYDE thinks about it a minute.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Well...I guess I'd do it all
dialog: different. First off, I wouldn't
dialog: live in the same state where we
dialog: pull our jobs. We'd live in one
dialog: state and stay clean there, and
dialog: when we wanted to take a bank, we'd
dialog: go to another state...and...
text: Suddenly he realizes that he has said the worst thing he
dialog: could have, that it was not the answer BONNIE wanted to hear.
text: He looks down at her, his voice anxious.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Bonnie?
text: She is silent.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Hey, Bonnie?
text: But she does not answer.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE. EARLY MORNING.
text: We see MALCOLM jacking up the back wheel of his pickup truck
text: which is parked on the side of the road in a wooded area.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 122.
scene_heading: EXT. ARCADIA STREET. MID-MORNING.
text: A street in Arcadia. The car is parked. BONNIE and CLYDE
text: walks toward the car carrying big bags of groceries and
dialog: supplies and put them inside.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: What happened to C.W.?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: He stopped off in that hardware
dialog: store to get light bulbs for his
dialog: daddy.
text: CLYDE opens the door of the driver's seat and sits down.
scene_heading: INT. CAR. ARCADIA STREET. DAY.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Boy, my feet are sweatin'.
text: He takes off his shoes.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (kidding around)
dialog: You plannin' to drive with your
dialog: shoes off?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Sure, why not?
text: He reaches in his shirt pocket and takes out his sunglasses.
text: As he goes to put them on, one of the lenses falls out.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Damn!
text: He puts them on.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You gonna wear 'em?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Sure, drive with one eye shut.
text: BONNIE gets in the car, rummages around in one of the bags
text: and pulls out something wrapped in tissue paper. She
text: unwraps it and puts it up on the dashboard, displaying it.
text: It is a little porcelain shepherdess holding a crook in her
dialog: hand, worth about thirty cents.
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (admiring it)
dialog: Isn't that the prettiest thing, hon?
dialog: Just look here, you can see every
text: little fingernail on her hands.
text: She shows him.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: It is a pretty thing, honey.
text: CLYDE turns on the radio and gets some hillbilly music.
text: They are singing "Little Church in the Valley." He beats
text: time on the steering wheel, getting a little impatient.
text: BONNIE puts her shepherdess away and begins looking in the
dialog: grocery sack.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: We got any peaches? I sure could
dialog: go for a peach right now.
text: She burrows in the bag and comes out with a peach. She
text: takes a big bite. The juice drips down the side of her
text: mouth. She looks beautiful.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (he stops drumming
text: his fingers, suddenly
dialog: has an idea)
dialog: Whyn't we do it tomorrow?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Do what?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Tomorrow's Sunday, ain't it? We
dialog: could drive all night and be on
dialog: that golf course tomorrow morning!
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: You sure you feel up to it?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (enthused)
dialog: Yeah, why not?
dialog: (now feeling anxious
text: and excited, he is
dialog: impatient to move)
dialog: Where is that boy? He's gone too
dialog: long.
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: (humming to the radio)
dialog: He'll be here.
dialog: (holding the peach to him)
dialog: You take a bite, hon.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (getting worried)
dialog: No, it's takin' too long. What if
dialog: something happened?
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: Nothin' happened.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (more urgently)
dialog: Go take a look, see what's keepin'
dialog: him.
text: Not too delighted with the chore, BONNIE goes off. We
text: remain with CLYDE, getting anxious. The music plays on.
text: BONNIE comes back, hurriedly, now anxious herself.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: He ain't there.
text: CLYDE jumps into action, slams his door.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: C'mon, let's go.
text: BONNIE gets in. They drive off.
scene_heading: INT. STORE. CLOSE-UP C.W. DAY.
text: --hiding inside a store, peering out through a curtained
text: window at them driving away. His expression is disturbed;
text: his face half in shadow.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD. DAY.
text: BONNIE and CLYDE's car coming down the road. Camera sees
text: from CLYDE's P.O.V. MALCOLM standing in the road, waving
text: him down. The pickup truck, its back jacked up, is parked
text: beside him on a shoulder of the road.
scene_heading: INT. CAR. DAY.
speaker_heading: BONNIE
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: I don't know.
dialog: 125.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD.
text: CLYDE reaches the spot, pulls off the road and stops the car.
text: He gets out. Camera pulls back. CLYDE talks to the old
text: man, BONNIE stays in the car. Cut to a shut down the trench
dialog: of the law, tense.
text: Suddenly, a truck loaded with chickens comes riding down the
text: road from the opposite direction. HAMER sees it from a long
text: way away and realizes that he cannot afford to let anything
text: pass between him and his quarry. He decides the time is now.
text: He leaps up from the trench and yells at CLYDE.
speaker_heading: HAMER
dialog: Barrow!
text: The OLD MAN dives under his truck to hide. The shooting
text: starts.
text: We see the chicken truck. Two men in the front seat. They
text: see ahead of them an incredible shooting match and, in
text: terror, they jam on the brakes and leap out of the truck.
text: They run as fast as they can into the meadow, away from the
dialog: trouble.
text: The gun fight takes just seconds during which law fires
text: eight-seven shots at BONNIE and CLYDE, giving them absolutely
text: no chance. The sound is rapid, deafening.
text: At no point in the gun fight do we see BONNIE and CLYDE in
text: motion. We see, instead, two still photographs cut into the
text: sequence: one of Clyde, half out of the car, taking careful
text: dead aim with his gun, just as he did in the teaching scene:
text: one of BONNIE, in terror, a pack of cigarettes in her hand
text: clutched tight, looking as fragile and beautiful as she can
dialog: be.
text: The noise stops at once. Utter silence. It has been a
text: massacre. BONNIE and CLYDE never had a chance to return the
text: gunfire. We see the car, a complete shambles. We never see
text: BONNIE and CLYDE dead, though for a moment we discern their
text: bodies slumped in the car.
text: The camera pulls above the car until it is on a level with
text: the opposite side of the road. Then, slowly, the six lawmen
text: stand up in the trench. On the faces of the five deputies,
text: horror and shock at what they have just done. HAMER,
text: however, registers no emotion. His face is a blank. He
text: lights a cigarette. Slowly, slowly, the five men begin to
text: edge closer to the car to see the result. Music, the wild
text: country breakdown music, begins on the sound track.
dialog: 126.
text: Before they reach the car, the camera swings away from them,
text: past them, and zooms out and above into the meadow where the
text: two truck drivers are standing--tiny, distant figures.
text: The truck drivers begin to walk toward the camera, coming
text: back to the road to see what happened. They get closer and
text: closer to the camera until they have reached a middle
text: distance and, as they continue to walk at us, it is--
speaker_heading: THE END
text: CUT TO BLACK.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
