speaker_heading: BOY ERASED
dialog: Screenplay By
speaker_heading: JOEL EDGERTON
text: Based on the memoir written by Garrard Conley
scene_heading: EXT. MEMPHIS SKY / CARPARK, 2004 - DAY
text: We hold on a big slice of MEMPHIS BLUE SKY. The only sound is
text: the out of focus American flag whipped by wind in the
text: distance. Soon after we hear, but don’t see -
text: A car pull up on the gravelled asphalt and -
text: The beeping of the door as it opens. From it spills the radio
dialog: sounding out the ‘90s country hit -
dialog: ‘Check Yes or No’ by George Strait.
speaker_heading: GEORGE STRAIT
dialog: I think this is how love goes.
dialog: Check yes or no.
text: And - a fresh faced young man, 18, stands up filling the
text: frame, looking out into the distance.
text: This is JARED EAMONS.
text: He wears an ultra crisp white shirt buttoned to the neck with
text: no tie. He is slim and wears his hair cropped short.
text: The camera moves slightly to take in an out of focus church
text: cross atop a basic baptist steeple ahead of him. All the
text: while - that distant American flag, flapping in the breeze,
text: flanks him from behind.
text: A second door opens 0.S., spilling out that music again -
speaker_heading: GEORGE STRAIT (CONT'D)
dialog: Now we're grown up, and she's my
dialog: wife. Still like two kids and stars
dialog: in our eyes.
dialog: - and now -
text: Jared's mother NANCY steps into frame. She is made up to the
text: nines: bottle blonde voluminous hair, hoop earrings and thick
text: Mascara. Underneath her heavy make-up we can see concern.
text: She slides on Jackie O sunglasses and looks out toward the
text: steeple as Jared turns toward the flag. They both seem lost.
text: Nancy hides her concern behind the shades, tries a bright
text: smile and, out comes her chirpy southern voice -
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Are you ready, honey?
text: Jared looks away for a beat, then turns with a convincing
text: smile and starts walking. They leave frame.
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. FOYER -— CONTINUOUS
dialog: L.I.A. is an acronym for ‘Love In Action’ -- But we should
text: not know that yet. There is no signage.
text: Grey-blue carpet covers an expansive floor space. Stark white
text: walls with no hangings or decorations. Some empty basic
text: chairs lining one section of wall. Heavy doors lead off to
text: unknown rooms. A potted plant in a corner seems an
dialog: afterthought.
dialog: N.B.: For now we should see it as a dry, clinical facility.
text: It should feel like a juvenile detention center of some kind.
text: -- Through the glass of the aluminum framed doors we see
text: Jared and Nancy approach uncertainly - then enter.
text: Nancy’s ensemble is elegant, if not a little gaudy and
text: mismatched: a Southern Belle dress and a shoulder padded
text: coat. She wears heels and clutches a white bedazzled purse.
text: Jared's white shirt is tucked into a pair of brand new khakis
text: with no belt. He wears rubber soled black shoes and holds a
text: book in a blue plastic shopping bag.
text: They look an odd pair: A tall ‘Tammy Baker’ mother escorting
text: her awkward, ultra conservative, son.
speaker_heading: MALE VOICE O.S
dialog: I help you? What’s your name?
text: Nancy turns, taking her sunglasses off.
text: AARON (40s) stands inside a reception booth: Stocky, with a
text: severe hair-cut, he puts a clipboard on the reception ledge.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Nancy.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: The kid I mean. Unless you’re the
text: one checking in.
text: Jared and Nancy, side by side at the reception desk, sign the
text: clipboard document. Aaron stands erect with his authority
text: inside the booth. He too wears khakis and a white shirt,
text: along with a blue tie and a name badge. He sizes Jared up.
speaker_heading: AARON (CONT'D)
dialog: Let’s get you checked in properly
dialog: Jared. Wanna say your good-byes?
text: He comes out from the door of his reception booth.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Can I see the place?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Afraid you won't be allowed beyond
dialog: the reception area Missus Eamons.
dialog: You can pick him up at five P.M.
dialog: On Nancy, uncertain --
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: It’s okay mom.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Call me if you need anything. I’1l
dialog: be at the hotel and on my cell ph--
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: We'll be holding his cell-phone. If
dialog: there are any emergencies we will
dialog: contact you. Otherwise, five P.M.
text: Aaron punches a code into the door and the door mechanism
text: releases with a mechanical buzz.
text: Jared and Aaron pass through the secure door to a hallway,
text: leaving Nancy waving nervously goodbye.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Jared walks ahead as Aaron follows him. When Jared turns, the
text: blank expression on Aaron’s face troubles him a little.
speaker_heading: AARON
text: Door on the right.
text: They stop in front of the third door and Aaron knocks. Soon —
text: A tall, skinny blonde man (Michael, 24) answers the door. His
text: shark grey, piercing eyes are almost permanently set ina
text: judgmental frown, giving him a mean-streak air.
speaker_heading: AARON (CONT'D)
dialog: Newbie. Eamons.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - CONTINUOUS
text: Michael picks through Jared’s possessions, scrutinizing each
text: thing placed down: coins; cash; gum; a plastic hotel key-
text: card; the bag containing the book, and; his wallet.
text: He starts going through the wallet, while throwing the gum in
text: the trash. Jared reacts.
text: Jared holds out his cell phone unsure who to give it to.
text: Aaron takes it from Jared and puts it with the pile.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Do you have any numbers or photos
dialog: we need to be concerned about?
text: On Jared. Thinks. Shakes his head slowly. It reads like he is
text: not convinced. Michael’s eyes drill into him.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL (CONT'D)
dialog: We will check this daily for any
dialog: ‘False Imaging’ and call any
dialog: numbers we want to at random. So
dialog: best you be straight with all this.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: There is nothing... And yeah, call
dialog: whatever numbers if you need to.
text: Michael, now back in the wallet, holds up a business card.
text: And flips it... a handwritten cell number on the back.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Who will answer if I call this
dialog: number?
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Umm. It is my doctor.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It’s her off hours number. I forgot
dialog: it was even there.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Anything else?
text: Aaron starts to pat Jared down. He finds something --
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Oh. Yeah. This. It’s...
text: From his back waistband he pulls a moleskin notebook. Michael
text: takes it and flicks through. It feels like a personal
text: intrusion to Jared, who leans forward.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s just... I write stories
dialog: sometimes. I’m at college studying
dialog: and... I forgot cause it’s --
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You have to start getting a better
dialog: memory. Trust is one of the key
dialog: words around here. No journaling.
dialog: We'll need to read this. Again, for
dialog: any false imaging.
dialog: (to Aaron)
dialog: It’s almost nine. -
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Sure. Will I get this stuff back?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Most things you get back at the end
dialog: each day.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: That's fine. It’s just stuff I -
text: Aaron starts to usher Jared out.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL O.S
dialog: Forgetting something else?
text: Hold. Jared already feels in trouble. Then Michael takes
text: Jared's L.I.A. handbook from the plastic bag. On it we see a
text: logo: an upside down triangle with a red heart in it.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You need the handbook at all times.
dialog: Good luck.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Thank you.
text: It’s the only warmth Michael has offered thus far. Meager.
scene_heading: INT/EXT L.I.A. HALLWAYS - DAY
text: Jared is led by Aaron. As he turns the corner he looks back
text: and sees another young person being led to the check in area.
text: - They walk out a door and under an awning toward a larger
dialog: building.
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. MAIN AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: Jared, wearing a name tag, finds a seat and settles into a
text: semi circle of chairs with TEN OTHERS: a half dozen teens and
text: young people; a few in their twenties and thirties, and; one
text: guy in his forties. Three women. Mostly boys. They all take
text: out their handbooks. We take in their faces as we hear -
dialog: - The rules read out, starting with Carl: super conservative
text: (25), likely taking time out his retail managerial position.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: ‘Sobriety. No smoking. No alcohol,
dialog: or drugs.’
dialog: And the CREDITS will appear over -
dialog: -- during the rules we will intercut with various historical
dialog: religious paintings and other images --
text: The Last Supper by Dagnan-Bouveret, Jesus holds up a wine.
text: And now to Sarah... (tomboy-ish teenager - all of 16)
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: ‘Off hours. All clients to remain
dialog: within the ‘Safe Zone areas as
dialog: designated.’
dialog: Les Romains de la Décadence, Thomas Couture.
text: Credits continue over -- An aerial shot of Memphis. Then -
text: shots of basic, boring diners and hotels.
text: Family Portrait by Gillis van Tilborgh. NB: The withering
text: look of the central bored male pilgrim facing the viewer.
text: Now - Cameron. Cropped hair. All of 17, he is a hulking line-
text: backer in the making with a baby face. He reads nervously.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: ‘Hygiene. Men to shave facial hair,
dialog: and women to remove underarm and
text: leg hair daily.’
text: Toilette der Esther - Théodore Chassériau, depicting an
text: immoral woman with outstretched arms. No hair visible.
text: CREDITS continue as we move to LEE. Lee is the SLIM BOY who
text: peeked at Jared in hall. Well: Lee is actually gender fluid.
dialog: Non-Binary. Most people, in fact, would have a hard time
text: being certain of Lee’s gender. Lee’s voice is no guide either
dialog: way. It is soft and intelligent.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: ‘Attire. Men to wear long sleeves
dialog: and pants at all times.’
text: Portrait of Jesus by Del Parson, where a blonde Jesus has his
text: hands outstretched in an almost ‘you dig my robe?’ gesture.
speaker_heading: LEE O.S
dialog: ‘Women’s skirts must extend below
dialog: the knee and bras are to be worn at
dialog: all times.’
dialog: The Virgin Mary in the Rose Garden - Albert Edelfelt
text: We see a flash of a brassier catalogue: dry but sexual.
text: Now PHILLIP (30s. Balding and short. The guy from the hallway
dialog: when Jared first arrived.)
speaker_heading: PHILLIP
dialog: ‘Visitations and phone calls to be
dialog: pre-approved by L.I.A. staff.’
text: The Religious imagery continues. Credits too.
dialog: And over to SIMON (40. I.T. Worker type)
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: ‘Confidentiality. All matters
dialog: discussed in therapy are to remain
dialog: private.’
text: The Last Supper: Leonardo Da Vinci. Close on whisperings.
text: ANDERS, 17, is fidgety and freckled.
speaker_heading: ANDERS
dialog: ‘Restrooms. Members must be
dialog: supervised by staff during rest-
text: room visits.’
text: GARY (20s). Even under the crisp khaki and white uniform we
text: can still tell he is a ‘Goth’: dyed black hair; pale
text: complexion, and; black converse. He is slight of frame,
dialog: handsome and super smart.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: ‘Sexual misconduct. No viewing of
text: pornographic material.’
text: His reading carries a thinly veiled cynicism that tells us he
dialog: does NOT believe L.I.A. and does NOT want to be here.
dialog: Jan Breughel & Marshall Paul Rubens: The Garden of Eden. Then
text: A flash of male pornography.
speaker_heading: GARY (CONT’D)
dialog: ‘No masturbation. No physical
dialog: contact with any members or non
dialog: members at any time apart from the
text: briefest of handshakes.’
text: The Last Judgement by Michelangelo depicting men kissing men.
dialog: Push in. We may keep returning to this image -
text: TINA, 27 - super conservative librarian’s hairstyle. Glasses.
speaker_heading: TINA
dialog: ‘False Imagery. Cell phones will be
dialog: checked in and out each day.
dialog: Without exception.’
text: We see flashes of pornographic images PLUS innocent images of
text: men in modern society with their arms around each other.
text: As the credits wind up it is Jared’s turn now.
speaker_heading: JARED
text: “Sinful, salacious and extraneous
dialog: materials. All reading material,
dialog: films and television are off limits
text: while inside the program.’
dialog: Hold on Jared --
speaker_heading: SYKES 0O.S
dialog: Very good. Let’s leave it there.
text: Jared and the rest of the group respond to the voice. Someone
text: new has entered.
dialog: Closer on The Last Judgement - Michelangelo.
speaker_heading: CREDITS END --
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. MAIN AUDITORIUM
text: Tight on the various faces as they listen to --
speaker_heading: SYKES 0O.S
dialog: ‘IT am using sexual sin and
dialog: homosexuality to fill a God shaped
dialog: void in my life.’
speaker_heading: GROUP
dialog: (repeating)
dialog: ‘IT am using sexual sin and
dialog: homosexuality to fill a God shaped
dialog: void in my life.’
text: Jared looks around to see the DOZEN or more people that have
text: entered and line the back walls. Various men and women of all
text: ages. Mostly young. A similar cross section to the seated
dialog: group.
speaker_heading: SYKES 0O.S
dialog: ‘But... I am not broken and God
dialog: loves me.’
dialog: They repeat.
speaker_heading: SYKES O.S (CONT’D)
dialog: Somebody tell me what this is.
text: And finally Sykes steps into frame. A man in his mid-forties.
text: Greying cropped hair. Piercing eyes. A blue shirt and black
text: pleated trousers. The only one deviating from the dress code
text: here. He holds up a dollar bill.
speaker_heading: SIMON
dialog: A dollar.
speaker_heading: SYKES 0O.S
dialog: No matter how much you crumple up a
dialog: dollar bill, you can never take
dialog: away its value. Even if you rip it,
dialog: which would represent our being
dialog: severed from Christ, you can tape
dialog: it back together.
text: Jared following the logic, soaking up all wisdom.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Jesus puts us back together, and
dialog: even though there is a scar, our
dialog: value does not change.
text: Behind Sykes is the only signage: The same ‘heart’ logo from
text: the handbook cover.
text: Jared looks across at the androgynous boy, Lee. Out of
text: everyone Lee seems the most terrified.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: You are somebody. You are worth
dialog: something. And that’s a fact.
text: The door opens, interrupting Sykes, and in jogs a young,
text: attractive boy in his late teens. Breathless.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: Nine-O-five Jon.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Sorry. Had to run here. Apologies.
text: Jon takes a seat. Dressed the same as the rest of the group,
text: his cowboy boots are the only thing that sets him apart.
text: Jared can’t help but steal a look as Jon slouches in his
text: chair. As Sykes continues, Jon hurriedly fixes the last
text: couple of high buttons on his shirt. Sweat has rendered
text: patches of the shirt see-through. Jon catches Jared looking,
text: who turns away guiltily.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Thank you Jon.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Well, I want to welcome all you
dialog: brave souls. I know the road here
dialog: wasn’t easy for many of you, but I
dialog: promise you a smoother ride now
dialog: that you are here. Welcome to ‘The
dialog: Refuge’ program.
text: All of the men and women lining the walls follow Sykes’s lead
text: in applauding the NEWCOMERS that are Jared's group.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, you guys. Get back to your
dialog: schedules.
text: And with that, all of the men and women lining the walls
text: start to file out. Jared watches them.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Jared’s group)
dialog: So we can get down to business.
text: He crumples the dollar bill and throws it to Cameron, who
dialog: catches it.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t spend it all at once.
text: Jared feels buoyed by Sykes’s rhetoric and light energy in
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: This may be the toughest but the
dialog: most rewarding twelve days many of
dialog: you will ever face.
dialog: (Jared and four others)
dialog: We have only one task. Simply to
dialog: bring ourselves back to God. To
dialog: invite Him back in. T’understand
dialog: how he truly meant to create us.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT’D)
dialog: Before those pieces got torn away.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ‘What sinful things have you done?’
dialog: And to ask God's forgiveness.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Discover who made you this way.
dialog: ‘Who led you into sin?’
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And get you on the right path to a
dialog: life restored.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I tell you, we are all about to go
dialog: on a wonderful journey together.
dialog: Who’s ready?
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: That was a question.
text: Everyone either raises their hands, nods, or utters ‘yes.’
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: If you are ready, say ‘Amen.’
speaker_heading: EVERYONE /JARED
dialog: Amen.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: If you know you’re worth a dollar,
dialog: say ‘Amen.’
text: Jared feels suddenly good and swept up in the new atmosphere
text: in the room. For the first time we see him smile.
scene_heading: SNAP TO BLACK:
speaker_heading: EVERYONE O.S
text: As the title disappears, a more personal silence develops.
speaker_heading: JARED O.S
dialog: Please Lord, make me pure.
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A MAIN AUDITORIUM - MID MORNING
text: It’s tea break. Jared sips tea as he looks around.
text: - Sykes speaks to a fellow staff member.
dialog: 12.
text: - Sarah sits alone, eating cut carrots and celery.
text: - Lee sits doing nothing. Totally lost.
text: - Nearby, Jon talks with Carl; the super conservative
text: managerial type. Then Jon salutes him in a casual, military
text: style. During this Jon and Jared catch eyes.
text: Sykes claps his hands together.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Okay. Bring it in.
text: Jared approaches his chair. Next to him is the VERY large and
text: very young, linebacker-type, CAMERON. A gentle giant.
text: The sneakers, the calloused hands, and the crew cut suggest
dialog: he was probably blocking a touchdown rush last Friday night
text: to the roar of his high school home crowd. Now, for reasons
text: that he seemed to be puzzling in his head, he had found
text: himself locked in at L.I.A.: The roaring stadium bleachers
text: now replaced by a prison.
text: Jared and Cameron acknowledge each other. He is painfully
text: shy, clutching his L.I.A. handbook, wishing it was just his
text: team’s playbook. Something he fully understood.
text: Jared catches eyes again with Jon, who gives him a mini
dialog: salute.
speaker_heading: SYKES O.S.
dialog: Who can tell us what a Genogram is?
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. MAIN AUDITORIUM - AFTERNOON
text: On the group. Finally, Phillip raises his hand.
speaker_heading: PHILLIP
text: A Genogram is like a family tree.
dialog: Only, one that shows patterns of
dialog: family behavior as well. But, like,
text: an illustrated one.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Someone read the handbook. Thank
dialog: you, Phillip.
text: Michael moves through the room with big sheets of butcher
text: paper and plastic tubs of colored sharpies for each member.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT’D)
dialog: A Genogram shows hereditary
dialog: patterns and behavioral clues in
dialog: our families. It traces the history
dialog: behind our sinful behavior.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Be as expressive as you will, but
dialog: write a list or draw these folk in
dialog: your family. Anyone of influence to
dialog: you as you grew up too. Blood or
dialog: otherwise. First sexual partners
dialog: even. Teachers. Coaches.
text: Jared looks across at the other members, curious of their
dialog: various stories and histories.
text: Sykes goes to a board where Michael is furiously writing up a
dialog: list of ‘behaviors.’
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: Then write next to these people,
dialog: their sins --
text: All members, old and young, start to sprawl out on the ground
text: like children drawing. Jon and Sarah, already familiar with
text: the task, are writing out family names and drawing etc...
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: Michael --
text: Michael’s sounds out the codes.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL O.S.
dialog: A. Alcoholism. P. Promiscuity. H
dialog: for homosexuality. D for drugs. A
dialog: Money sign for Gambling. M for
dialog: mental illness. Big A little b for
dialog: abortion. G slash C for gang or
dialog: crime involvement. Big P little o
dialog: for pornography.
text: Jared looks to big Cameron as he writes slowly -- M..o..m
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: You're forgetting... oh ‘Dv.’
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Oh, sorry. Big D little v for
dialog: domestic violence.
text: Cameron now adds ‘Dv’ next to his Dad.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Call them out in your Genogram.
dialog: Because I can guarantee, and you
dialog: may not even realize it yet but,
dialog: one or some of these people are to
dialog: blame for why you are here.
text: Jared looks down at his page. He has listed - Dad, Mom,
text: Grandpa W, Grandma W. Nan. Poppy. Uncle Chris. Aunt Minny.
text: Now, his hand wavers over what to mark any of them as.
text: Sykes’s feet step before Jared’s poster.
speaker_heading: SYKES O.S.
dialog: Search your mind and you'll find
dialog: something.
text: Sykes crouches down. Jared, out of fear of coming up blank,
text: writes ‘A?’ Next to Uncle Chris.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: You know or you don’t know. ‘Uncle
text: Chris is an alcoholic.’
text: Jared erases the ‘?’. He looks at Sykes’s feet, thinks, and
dialog: then writes Chloe... ‘P’ - (promiscuous)
text: PRE-LAP - The roar of a crowd.
scene_heading: INT. ST. MARTIN'S AUDITORIUM - NIGHT (FLASHBACK - 2003)
text: Packed bleachers out of focus. Then in poetic slow motion we
text: see a BEAUTIFUL YOUNG CHEERLEADER fly into frame. A sequined
text: red, white and blue uniform with a big ‘M’ on the chest. She
text: throws a shape in slow motion, beaming a THOUSAND WATT smile.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Title card : CHLOE
text: Gravity takes her away again, but soon she is back, bending
text: into an even more brilliant and dynamic shape.
speaker_heading: WAYNE O.S
dialog: Chloe wants to have sex with you.
text: She lands now,_in real time and the sound returns to normal.
dialog: 
text: Jared sits on the bench, leaning into his friend Wayne. He
text: didn’t hear. Basketball players press in front of them.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: I said Chloe is down to do it.
dialog: She's been asking Mindy and Mindy
dialog: has been positive for obvious
dialog: reasons. So you can thank me.
text: Before Jared can respond - The buzzer rings sounds and the
text: St. Martin’s Colonels, basketball team are in a GROUP HUG.
text: Soon, friends and family members are among them offering
dialog: congratulations.
text: Jared's parents approach. We recognize Nancy but his dad we
text: will now meet: MARSHALL. He limps over in a mismatched blazer
text: and pants. A sturdy man in his 50s.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Yay!!! You set up so many points. I
dialog: saw -
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: - Most underrated component of the
dialog: game, assists. And you scored some
dialog: too. Congratulations.
text: A handshake turns into a hug. A rare commodity.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: That's victory sweat.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Eww.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I only played five minutes.
dialog: Chloe approaches --
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Yay!! Congratulations!!! Woo-hoo!!!
text: She hugs Jared still holding her pom-poms.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: (lights up re: Chloe)
dialog: And weren’t you something. Another
text: underrated component of the game.
text: Nancy playfully hits her husband.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Moral support. Seriously. How high
dialog: up were you just now?
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: We were worried. What if they
dialog: dropped you?
text: Chloe takes Jared’s hand.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: You kids going to celebrate?
text: Marshall holds up a Ford key. It’s a big deal, his father
text: giving him the keys to the car.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s yours.
dialog: (off Jared's surprise)
dialog: The dealership are putting me ina
dialog: new Explorer Sport. You deserve it.
dialog: Have fun.
text: Jared launches in to hug his dad. Chloe joins.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: It was going to be for your
dialog: birthday. Congratulations.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Wayne!!
text: He holds up the keys to his teammate and friend, Wayne.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: No more people than it has seat
dialog: belts.
scene_heading: INT. JARED’S ‘02 FORD MUSTANG - NIGHT. ARKANSAS. SUMMER.
text: A JAMMED CAR. Just the opposite of what his father ordered.
text: Jared and Chloe ride up front. In the back are two couples:
text: Wayne and Mindy, along with Lance and Cheryl.
text: As they pass parked cars, and kids walking, we see a LAKE in
text: the B.G. KIDS are already stripping down and jumping in.
text: They park and everyone goes to get out. Chloe pulls Jared
text: back for a kiss. After a couple of attempts he pulls away.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Come on.
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE - NIGHT
text: A sprawl of wet, undressing youth all in bathers or
dialog: underwear.
text: Jared strips down and heads for his teammates who are already
text: splashing in the water. He passes -
text: A flat-bed truck that is reversed close to the water’s edge.
text: A couple of guys are trying to set up speakers. Meanwhile -
text: Chloe and the girls undress more carefully, hanging clothes
text: in trees or folding them into neater piles.
text: Then the music BLARES, received with a victorious cry. Bring
text: Me to Life - Evanescence. Another cheer rings out simply for
text: the choice of song. Through the opening riff -
text: The girls continue to undress while -—
text: In the lake other kids start to ‘air-drum’ to the song.
text: Jared and his mates tune in too, all playing their air
text: guitars. Then, as the song shifts gear, Wayne splashes Lance
text: and the others and they start to wrestle and play-fight -
text: Jared jumps into the fray, grappling with Wayne, fully
text: committing to the camaraderie. Then - Wayne breaks free.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Holy.... Dude. Check it out.
text: And then Jared turns to see -
dialog: - what would normally make any teenage boy quiver
text: immediately: Chloe in a white bra and panties, semi see-
text: through when wet. She is full breasted and wading, barely hip
text: deep, in the water. The boys all stare - at the trio of
text: girls: pure teenage fantasies wading in the lake. Jared turns
text: back to the guys.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT'D)
dialog: Bro. What’s wrong with you? Go. Go.
dialog: That’s the trophy.
text: The guys all push Jared toward Chloe. It’s a slow approach.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT'D)
dialog: You know white is see through when
dialog: it’s wet Chloe?
text: A few chuckles from the boys.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: I heard that laugh before. I think
dialog: on a documentary about hyenas...
dialog: that were retarded. And their
dialog: retarded friends.
text: Jared laughs like a goof at Chloe’s joke.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: You may as well take it off, cause
dialog: we can pretty much see it all.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Shall I..? Okay...
dialog: (she teases)
dialog: Oh, But I wouldn’t want you guys to
dialog: pollute the water with all your...
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Say it. You can’t even say it.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Cum.
text: Shock. Off Wayne’s expression she turns to the girls.
speaker_heading: CHLOE (CONT'D)
dialog: See. He just did I bet. You guys
dialog: actually have hard-ons right now
dialog: don’t you?
text: Blank expressions. Wayne gives an ‘as if’ response.
speaker_heading: CHLOE (CONT'D)
dialog: Prove it?!
text: Long pause. Jared certainly doesn’t have a hard-on but
text: wonders if he should. Chloe won’t let up.
speaker_heading: CHLOE (CONT'D)
dialog: Stand up properly. All of you.
text: None of them are willing. Finally Lance goes up on his tip-
text: toes. We don’t see it but Chloe must be right because Mindy
text: stifles a laugh and Cheryl turns away with an ‘Ewwww.’ Lance
text: drops back down into the water. He doesn’t care.
speaker_heading: LANCE
dialog: Damned if you do. Damned if you
dialog: don’t.
text: Then - Chloe splashes Jared, breaking the tension and they
text: all start to wrestle, thrashing in the water.
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE-SIDE BEACH BONFIRE - NIGHT
text: Jared and Wayne by the bonfire. Lance and Nick dress close
text: by. Wayne offers sage advice on sex -—
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: What’s it like?
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: We've done it four times now.
text: Jared nods. His friend is an expert.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s pretty awesome dude. I have to
dialog: say. I mean, I’m sure it’d be even
dialog: better just relaxing on a nice bed
text: instead of in the corner of a barn
dialog: or in some dark closet with an
dialog: actual real fear of getting caught
dialog: and shot by Mr. Riggs. But -
text: Even still, it’s a-mazing.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It’s like being in a place you've
dialog: been told over and over is bad and
dialog: then you get in there and you are
dialog: like - ‘how is this bad? I wanna be
dialog: in here forever.’
speaker_heading: LANCE
dialog: Like White Castle.
speaker_heading: NICK
dialog: Like eating a burger??
speaker_heading: LANCE NICK (CONT'D)
dialog: Like shut up. You compared sex with a girl
dialog: to eating shitty food.
text: Lance punches Nick and Nick returns fire. Soon they are up
text: wrestling each other. Wayne and Jared.
speaker_heading: LANCE O.S.
dialog: Get off me, fag. Faggot!!
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: It’s warm. And it gives you this
dialog: amazing great feeling.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I bet yeah
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Plus, man. Listen. This whole no
dialog: sex before marriage thing... would
dialog: your dad expect a customer to buy a
dialog: car without test-driving it? See.
dialog: You almost have to try it.
dialog: (good point)
dialog: You won’t wanna stop dude.
dialog: Seriously. Try it. You'll see.
text: This lands with Jared. The thought that maybe sex with Chloe
text: could make him snap out of his thoughts aimed at men. He
text: looks across at her on opposite side of the fire. She has
text: finished dressing and wears his hoody.
scene_heading: INT/EXT JARED'S FORD / CHLOE’S FAMILY HOME - NIGHT
text: Elton John's - “Sad songs said so much" plays as Jared pulls
text: up to Chloe’s family home. Their hair is still wet.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: Go back behind the tree.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I should get home. I -
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: We are fifteen minutes early.
text: He reverses so a large maple tree blocks the view from the
text: house to the car. She immediately starts to kiss him. Jared
text: engages. Then his eyes open, looking down --
text: A hand, Chloe’s hand, is on his thigh. He stops her.
speaker_heading: CHLOE (CONT'D)
dialog: What? I just wanna touch it.
dialog: (beat)
text: On the outside.
text: Jared keeps his hand on hers.
speaker_heading: CHLOE (CONT'D)
dialog: If it’s not hard, I can make it
dialog: hard.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: We should wait for that kind of -
dialog: 20A.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: I’m not asking you to put it inside
dialog: me, Jared. I just wanna feel it
dialog: through your jeans
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CHLOE (CONT'D)
dialog: . Wayne and Mindy have gone all the
dialog: way and they didn’t get struck by
dialog: lightning or put in prison. Cheryl
dialog: has put at least three in her mouth
dialog: that I know of.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Cheryl?
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: I just wanna feel it.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: If we start that, then it’s gonna
dialog: be hard to stop. I want to but
dialog: shouldn't we wait until, you know -
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: You asking me to marry you?
dialog: (beat. Silence)
dialog: That's what my parents think should
dialog: happen. To keep us together through
dialog: college.
text: Jared is at a loss for words. Then Chloe tries one more time.
text: He stands his ground. She sits back defeated and opens the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: CHLOE (CONT'D)
dialog: What is wrong, Jared?
text: Jared is left alone, aware this is an escalating issue.
scene_heading: INT. EAMONS FAMILY HOME - JARED’S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Jared, shirtless, staring at a screen. He types something
text: quickly and bites his nails and checks the door.
dialog: Circa 2004 downloads were not so fast so it starts with the
text: top inch of a man’s face then, five seconds later, the neck
text: and bare shoulders. A slow motion strip tease.
speaker_heading: NANCY O.S
dialog: Jared honey?
text: Jared tries to shut the screen but gets the ‘spinning wheel’
text: The image is stuck halfway. He tries again but the image
text: downloads one bar further. Nancy approaches. Thinking quick
text: he turns the screen to black.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: I'm starting a new painting. Which
dialog: one do you like best
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
text: She holds up two images (both of the family). He picks one
text: She stays there continuing to look at the photos.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Mom, I’m getting dressed.
text: On her way out.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Make sure you pack for Dallas. I
dialog: think your father wants to go
dialog: straight from church tomorrow.
text: Nancy leaves. Did she see or not see the glistening muscular
text: man in the underpants ad? He brings the screen up again. The
text: image, no longer enjoyable, is a just source of guilt.
scene_heading: INT. EAMONS FAMILY HOME - LATER
text: Marshall sits at the breakfast table. Jared shuffles in
text: dressed in a similar shirt. Jared goes to the fridge.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: We'll detail that car today.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Dad, seriously, it’s so awesome.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Are you ready? I’1l ride with you --
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Why are we actually going to
dialog: Dallas?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: The architect has updated the
dialog: remodelling plans for the ministry
dialog: and we are taking a tour of two
dialog: similar churches there.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Do you think I could stay at
dialog: Chloe’s when you go instead?
dialog: (Off Marshall’s look)
dialog: It’s okay. I can stay at Wayne’s or
dialog: I‘1l just come. I’1l just come.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: I’m okay with you staying there, if
dialog: they are. I think it’s a good idea
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
scene_heading: EXT. EAMONS FAMILY HOME - DAY
text: Jared and his father get in Jared's car as Nancy waves to
text: them. She is setting up her easel and paints beside
text: Marshall's other hobby: a restored ‘65 Chevy Pick-Up.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL O.S.
dialog: You are both mature kids.
scene_heading: EXT. INDUSTRIAL COUNTRY ROAD - DAY
text: Jared's car turns into the Ford dealership.
scene_heading: INT. EAMONS’S FORD DEALERSHIP - DAY
text: Jared walks through the dealership following his father.
text: Jared shakes Big Jim’s hand and is greeted by other workers.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL O.S.
dialog: Who know how to conduct themselves -
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Big Jim. Lead us in prayer today?
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Be proud to Captain. Jared.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL O.S.
dialog: - and who know by now how the world
dialog: works.
scene_heading: INT. DEALERSHIP FLOOR - LATER
text: There among the display cars Jared, Jim, AND FOUR OTHER CO-
text: WORKERS, lock arms in prayer.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Dear Heavenly Father. Thank you for
dialog: this day filled with sunshine --
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. LUNCH ROOM - DAY
text: Jared devours ‘To Kill a Mockingbird’ over lunch --
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL O.S.
dialog: You gotta learn to take small steps
dialog: toward manhood, so that you don't
dialog: have to run, panicking, when it
text: suddenly arrives.
text: Across the table, a voluptuous female employee eats lunch
text: reading a magazine. Jared shares an awkward smile with her.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. FIRST NATION BAPTIST MINISTRY - DAY
text: On Jared, flanked by Nancy, watches Marshall preach.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Let’s see a show of hands --
text: Wayne, who sits next to Jared, palms him something. A condom.
text: He winks. Jared is mortified.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Who knows they are imperfect?
text: Everyone’s hands go up. Jared swaps the condom in his hands
text: to comply with all the hands firing up in the air.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: And those that are?
text: No hands - a polite chuckle from the congregation —
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Well, that seems like the perfect
dialog: segue to my introduction. Jesus
dialog: spoke to me the day I saw this man
dialog: first speak, and said ‘listen to,
dialog: and learn from, this man.’ Which I
dialog: have done every week in this very
dialog: church. He has helped me immensely
dialog: and given me the strength to start
dialog: my own mission at Mountain Home.
text: Jared catches eyes with Chloe -
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s about as perfect as any man
dialog: can get in this world and in his
dialog: true service to the Lord. My
dialog: mentor, Pastor Lynn Marks.
text: He passes the mic to the elder Pastor. Marshall then sits in
text: front of Jared and turns with a smile and a weird high-
text: five/handshake. Pastor Wilkes climbs the stairs.
speaker_heading: PASTOR
dialog: Everybody stand up. On your feet.
dialog: And such is Pastor Wilkes’ power: the congregation stand.
scene_heading: INT. CHLOE’S FAMILY HOME - NIGHT
text: Jared sits for dinner with Chloe, her parents ERIC and BRANDY
text: and her fifteen-year-old brother CHRISTOPHER. Secretly, Chloe
text: reaches her leg out to touch Jared’s thigh.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: So a semester at Lyon, and then
dialog: Chloe was saying you hope to bridge
dialog: over to U.N.C by next year?
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Yes, sir. They have a great writing
dialog: program. Journalism really
dialog: interests me -
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Well. We'll have to find ways to
dialog: keep you guys connected.
text: Looks all around. The conversation is loaded.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. CHRISTOPHER'S BASEMENT BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: It’s dark. Jared sits up to check on a sleeping Christopher.
text: His phone receives a vibrating text -—
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: ‘??? come up’
dialog: 25A.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: (texting back)
dialog: ‘okay.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL - NIGHT
text: Jared moves ever so quietly up the stairs. But then -
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER O.S.
dialog: Where you think you're going?
text: Jared frozen, turns to see Christopher. Sprung.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: Jared plays Dynasty Warriors III with Christopher. The music
text: is synthesized and upbeat. The character, Zhang, looks like
text: an Asian rock prince, clad in purple silks, wearing a slick
text: hair topped by a tiara. He swings a four pronged sword.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER
dialog: What do you think of him? What’s-
dialog: his-face, Zhang He, there with his
text: girly crown and pony tail in the
text: purple outfit moving around like a
dialog: dancer.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Yeah. It’s a bit much.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER
dialog: A bit gay don’t you think?
text: Jared looks at Christopher.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Don’t you think?
text: They stare at each other. Something shared in the look.
dialog: Dangerous and also tender. There is a wisdom to Christopher
text: for a younger kid. The silence broken only by a text message.
speaker_heading: CHRISTOPHER (CONT’D)
dialog: You wanna go and fool around with
dialog: my sister, I ain’t gonna stop you.
dialog: Hold.
dialog: 26A.
scene_heading: INT. CHRISTOPHER'S BASEMENT BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Jared stares at the ceiling, then finally turns to fall
text: asleep. He’s given up the attempted mission.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. MAIN AUDITORIUM - AFTERNOON (PRESENT)
text: Jared stands back from his Genogram and stretches. He making
text: some notes on his L.I.A. notebook.
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. ADMIN OFFICE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Jared is handed a zip-lock bag containing his possessions by
text: Michael. Jared opens his phone, just to check it.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Tomorrow at nine.
text: Jared starts to walk toward the exit, as Michael moves back
text: down the bowels of L.I.A. Jared turns, holding his Moleskin.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Um. Hey. You tore out the pages -
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: False Imaging.
text: Jared looks at the book with the pages crudely ripped out.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: They're just... stories.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Sykes will decide that.
scene_heading: EXT. L.I.A. - AFTERNOON
text: Jared comes out quietly fuming, holding his bag of items. Jon
text: is on the steps waiting. Jared sits a little way off.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Whatever they took, you’ll probably
dialog: get it back. Don’t sweat it.
text: Jared tries to let it go.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Were you in the military? I saw you
dialog: salute. I thought --
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Oh. That. No. I could do the whole
dialog: handshake thing. I’m just trying
dialog: zero contact what-so-ever.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 27A.
speaker_heading: JON (CONT'D)
dialog: Twenty-three days now. So I -
dialog: (he salutes)
dialog: Salute instead
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: JON (CONT'D)
text: Jared nods awkwardly.
speaker_heading: JON (CONT'D)
dialog: Sure it don’t feel like it right
dialog: now maybe but you’1ll love it here.
dialog: You get all sorts but this group
dialog: seems good.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Have you been here before?
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: It’s my second go round in the
dialog: Refuge Program. I started a couple
dialog: days late last time and -
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm actually waiting for a place to
text: open up in one of the houses.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: What houses?
speaker_heading: JON
text: Down the back there, past the fence
dialog: they got a couple houses for the
dialog: long-stayers. New Hope house for
dialog: the men. One for the women too.
dialog: (points)
dialog: Those others you saw earlier today,
dialog: most of them stay there.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Meanwhile, I’m at the Best Western
text: while I wait for my spot. Assuming
dialog: you're staying at one of the local
dialog: ‘safe zone’ hotels with a relative
dialog: too?
text: Jared takes this in.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: How long will you stay for?
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: That’s not really up to me. Sykes
dialog: decides - sometimes six months. Or
dialog: else a year. You eighteen?
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Just. Yeah.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Then you can stay at the houses.
dialog: 28A.
dialog: Off Jared’s look -
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: JON (CONT'D)
dialog: Nobody explained that to you? This
dialog: is just an assessment program, The
dialog: Refuge. To see what to do with you
dialog: next.
text: Just then - the doors open and out walks Sarah flanked by
text: Aaron on one side and an older man, possibly a stepfather, on
text: the other. Everyone watches as she gets ‘put’ in the car like
text: an escorted prisoner. Jon takes it in.
speaker_heading: JON (CONT'D)
dialog: Should’a seen her arrive this
dialog: morning. She’ll be fine. Like I
dialog: said: ‘all sorts.’ Some are ready
dialog: for it. Some not.
text: This hangs. Is Jared there by choice or by force? He catches
text: eyes with Gary who leans against the fence.
speaker_heading: JON (CONT'D)
dialog: Lean into it man. It’s the only way
dialog: to do it and win. S’only way it’s
dialog: possible. Just lean in.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And it is possible. If you’re on
dialog: your heels you’ll lean too far away
text: and fall backwards into hell again.
dialog: No point not leaning in when you
dialog: get given the chance.
text: Jared absorbs Jon's optimism. He already has identified him
dialog: as someone to look up to.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Yeah. No. I’m excited to be here.
text: Suddenly Nancy pulls up and leans out the window -
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Hey! How was it? Was it fun and
dialog: interesting?
text: Jared stands up, a little embarrassed. She waves to Jon -
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hi. I’m the Mom.
dialog: (no response)
text: I’1l1 turn around.
text: Nancy starts the turn as Jared gets set to leave -
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: You need a ride? I think we’re just
dialog: near the Best Western.
speaker_heading: JON
text: Someone's on their way to grab me.
dialog: Thanks though. And don’t sweat the
dialog: things they took. Lean in. Think of
dialog: the bigger picture.
text: He salutes from his perch and Jared starts off -
text: Jared passes Cameron who gets into his Dad’s suburban S.U.V.
text: At a first glimpse, CAMERON’S DAD, a wealthy man, looks like
dialog: an ex-football player.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: See ya Cameron.
text: Cameron turns sweetly, flattered to be acknowledged. But his
text: father turns sharply to assess Jared.
scene_heading: INT. NANCY'S CAR - AFTERNOON
text: Nancy’s car pulls onto the highway, into the dimming Memphis
text: sunlight, toward the glowing row of cheap hotel lights.
text: Jared winds down the window and puts his arm out, dancing in
dialog: the breeze.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Please don’t do that. I’ve told you
dialog: that makes me nervous. What if a
dialog: truck comes and...
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: That is never going to happen.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: It’s happened before. It has.
text: He pulls his arm back in and winds the window up.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON INN AND SUITES RESTAURANT - DUSK/NIGHT
text: Jared and his mother eat. She keeps looking at him. Jared
text: puts his fork down decisively as if to say ‘what?’ --
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Well? I wanna know about your day
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: We're not meant to talk about it
dialog: outside of group.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: I don’t need gossip. You can speak
dialog: generally.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I’m going to lean into it. And
dialog: there are some good people, and
dialog: yeah. I like it.
text: They go back to eating, Nancy relieved. He seems happy. Jared
text: thinks a beat and finally takes a piece of paper from his
text: pocket and places it beside Nancy’s plate.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: Do we have people in the family who
dialog: had issues with any of this stuff.
text: Nancy examines it, getting her reading glasses.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: ‘Pornography?’
text: The people at the booth behind turn and she lowers her voice.
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘Drugs.’ ‘Gang affiliations?!’ What
dialog: is this?
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I need to know for homework.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Gang affiliations?
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON INN AND SUITES HALLWAY - DUSK/NIGHT
text: Jared and his mother walk the long hall to the room.
speaker_heading: NANCY O.S.
dialog: Why does the family matter? Our
dialog: family is so... normal.
text: As Nancy enters the room, Jared clocks Sarah and her
text: stepfather a little way down the hall
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON INN AND SUITES ROOM - NIGHT
text: Jared puts his schedule on the wall. He takes his L.I.A.
text: handbook and homework and piles them on the nightstand. He
dialog: weighs his own books he brought for the stay -- now certainly
text: ‘off limits.’ About to place them in the trash, he thinks
text: better of it and piles them over on his mother’s nightstand.
dialog: 
text: Nancy enters from the bathroom and places a piece of paper on
text: the top of his L.I.A. handbook: Jared’s Genogram homework.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Sleep well. Big day tomorrow.
text: As she walks away, he examines the paper.
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
dialog: I was only with the gang for a year
dialog: or so... Until I went down for
dialog: drugs, and got sent to prison.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Ha ha.
text: Jared leans over and switches off the lamp. Then after a
text: pause in the near darkness we hear -
speaker_heading: NANCY O.S.
dialog: I put your Uncle Victor down there.
dialog: We never see him. He moved to
dialog: Louisiana. We always figured he
dialog: might have been... well, he was
dialog: very feminine-like you might say.
text: Jared stares at the ceiling, the traces of light outlining
text: his face.
speaker_heading: SYKES O.S.
dialog: What is a real man?
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. MAIN AUDITORIUM - MORNING
text: CLOSE ON JARED’S GENOGRAM. It now has a handful of ‘A’s added
text: and ‘Dm’ in both grandparents lines. And a new BOLD
scene_heading: addition... UNCLE VICTOR -- ‘H.’ (Homosexuality)
speaker_heading: SYKES O.S.
dialog: What defines a ‘real’ man?
text: Close on Cameron’s child-like drawing of his dad: Brutish.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: SYKES O.S. (CONT’D)
dialog: Perhaps being close to the flames
dialog: of hell and finding your way back
dialog: forges a great strength --
text: Jared and the others pin their work to the back wall. From
text: his position near the big open door, Jared can see the fence
text: line outside: A big black Chevy pickup parks outside.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. MAIN AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: Close on the members of the group as they keenly watch the
dialog: ‘newcomer.’
speaker_heading: SYKES O.S.
dialog: And if so... if this isn’t a real
dialog: man, I don’t know what is.
text: Sykes is almost too excited to introduce their guest staff
dialog: member. And we finally see him -
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Meet Brandon Ellis.
dialog: There is no mistaking, Brandon is a hard man, who’s lived a
dialog: hard life, and walked a hard road. That 1% that makes most
dialog: self-proclaimed men feel ‘less than.’
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: Over to you Brandon.
text: Sykes tries a tough-guy handshake. It is comfortable on
dialog: Brandon. Not with Sykes.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Thanks Sykes. Mighty kind of you
dialog: and... God bless.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: A ‘real man’ to me is a man of God
dialog: first and foremost. I’m a man of
dialog: God no doubt. But, I wasn’t once.
dialog: If I was ever listed on my own
dialog: son's Genograms - God forbid I was
dialog: and that he were here -
text: In that comment we see not just Brandon’s thinly veiled
dialog: disgust for homosexuality
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: BRANDON (CONT'D)
dialog: - But if I was: Drugs. Violence.
dialog: Prison time. Gang crime... I'd
dialog: have so many letters next to my
dialog: name, it would look like
dialog: qualifications from some
dialog: university.
dialog: (pause for effect)
dialog: And I actually believe that to be
dialog: true. I’m qualified to be here, not
dialog: Maybe because I have ever had the
dialog: kinds of thoughts and feelings that
dialog: y'all are wrestling with. Or that
dialog: your other guidance counselors have
dialog: overcome.
text: There is the disgust again. PLUS it dawns on Jared that most
text: of the staff may be ex-gay. He steals a look at Sykes.
speaker_heading: BRANDON (CONT'D)
dialog: But I’ve had all sorts of my own
dialog: trials that took me so far from the
dialog: Lord, it is a true miracle that I
dialog: am standing here before you. But I
dialog: am.
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. SHORT BUS - DAY
text: Jared and the gang all ride the short bus. Brandon and Sykes
text: flank the aisles near the front. Aaron drives. We are not
text: sure where they are headed. Jared turns for a moment and
text: looks down the aisle - perhaps to see Jon.
scene_heading: INT. OUTDOOR FOOTBALL FIELD - DAY
text: The whole group are in a line. Brandon moves along spreading
text: the guys’ stances wider, and correcting posture while Sykes
text: and Aaron and the girls sit on the concrete bleaches.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
text: Standing. Leaning. Sitting. It’s
dialog: all the same idea. Triangles are
dialog: the strongest shape. This.
dialog: (he shows a wide stance)
dialog: Not this.
dialog: (a narrow one)
dialog: Okay, hand or hands on hips. Go.
text: Brandon claps and each boy/man lifts their hands to hips in
text: their own manner. It’s a drill they’re being subjected to
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: BRANDON (CONT'D)
dialog: (to what he sees)
dialog: Fingers forward not backwards
dialog: S'just the way it is. Elbows out.
dialog: Not back. S’just the way it is.
text: Triangles. Triangles.
text: Sykes watches with his hands on his hips. Not exactly the
text: picture of manliness, he adjusts his own elbows out a little.
speaker_heading: BRANDON (CONT'D)
dialog: Think of the shapes you are making
dialog: and ask yourself... ‘Is this a
dialog: manly shape I am making?’ Or, ‘is
dialog: this a girly or a feminine shape?’
text: On Sarah frowning. She is sitting this one out. But she’ll
dialog: serve another purpose.
speaker_heading: BRANDON (CONT'D)
dialog: Sarah? I want you to arrange these
dialog: guys in a line in terms of
dialog: masculinity if you will. Least to
dialog: most.
text: Jared and the others look around, wondering where they might
text: fall on the line. Sarah tentatively starts in on the task.
speaker_heading: BRANDON (CONT'D)
dialog: Myself, and other alcoholics and
dialog: addicts put their faith in AA. Get
dialog: familiar with this phrase -
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ‘Fake it until you make it.’
text: Sarah struggles in deciding who is on what side of the MANLY
dialog: evolutionary chain of L.I.A.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Do it Sarah. Don’t think. Just do.
text: Sykes’s authority seems diminished by the mere presence of
dialog: Brandon, the clear biological ruler here.
text: Jared is moved along by Sarah. He is placed somewhere in the
text: middle next to Gary. They share an awkward friendly nod.
text: Sarah has placed Lee at one end and Jon and then Cameron at
text: the ‘Most’ end. Cameron gets the crown.
text: Sarah stands back and Brandon steps forward. He walks the
text: line starting with Lee... his face hides nothing in his
text: confused assessment of Lee. As he completes the line -
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Perrrr-etty good.
text: Brandon moves to face Cameron, who stands at least five
text: inches taller than him. He reads his ‘sticker’ name tag.
speaker_heading: BRANDON (CONT'D)
dialog: So. You think ‘Cameron’ here wins?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You think being big and tall and
text: overeating immediately just puts a
text: guy at the front of the line?
text: Brandon lets it hang then moves away addressing the group.
text: Cameron, relieved to have Brandon out of his personal space.
speaker_heading: BRANDON (CONT'D)
dialog: In prison I knew men who could shop
dialog: at Gap for Kids, by that I mean
dialog: little guys, who were pound for
dialog: pound tougher than any linebacker.
dialog: Swear to the mighty Lord.
dialog: (aside)
dialog: Now, Jesus was a tough dude. Don’t
dialog: get me started on that.
text: He looks up at Cameron. Tries to make eye contact.
speaker_heading: BRANDON (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s more than triangles and
dialog: posture and genetics.
text: He offers to shake Cameron’s hand, to which Cameron offers a
text: ‘limp’ shake. Brandon casts it aside with disgust.
speaker_heading: BRANDON (CONT'D)
dialog: Firm handshakes. Eye contact. Not
dialog: too much. Looking at women at the
dialog: right times. The wrong times too.
text: Meanwhile he pushes Cameron fourth down the line.
speaker_heading: BRANDON (CONT'D)
dialog: No offense son. All a process. Fake
dialog: it. Make it.
text: Jon now takes the prize of ‘manliest.’ Brandon offers a hand
text: shake. Jon wants to... but he’s on his ‘no-touch’ promise.
text: After a tense pause, he offers one of his salutes.
speaker_heading: BRANDON (CONT'D)
dialog: Military man. G’bless son
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: BRANDON (CONT'D)
scene_heading: EXT. BASEBALL BATTING CAGE — DAY
text: Jared and the others line up outside of a batting cage fence.
text: We hear the ball being shot out and the grunt of -
dialog: 
text: Simon, who misses the ball, then miserably hits the second.
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: Who you are on the inside can be
text: affected by the outside. Next.
text: Lee look bewildered, realizing it’s time to step up to the
text: plate. Simon hands Lee the helmet.
speaker_heading: BRANDON (CONT'D)
dialog: Outside in. Fake it till you make
dialog: it. Adapt to survive.
text: Lee enters as Brandon slides another coin into the slot.
text: There is a terrible anticipation and the first ball comes
text: SHOOTING out. Lee startles.
speaker_heading: BRANDON (CONT'D)
dialog: And you kids and folk, being what
dialog: you are afflicted with --
text: Lee spins disoriented by the second. Then the third makes
text: awful body contact, tilting the helmet from Lee.
speaker_heading: BRANDON (CONT'D)
dialog: - better learn how to survive.
dialog: Become the man you are not.
text: Jared sees Brandon smirk, amused, and unwilling to turn off
text: the machine. Lee is swamped and scared. Gary goes in to help.
speaker_heading: BRANDON (CONT'D)
dialog: When you are in a prison, you would
dialog: surprise yourself --
dialog: On Jared absorbing all this as we hear -
text: METALLIC NOISES. GUNS in fact. Guns being loaded. CHK.CHK.
text: Magazines being locked. CHK. Firing bolts being racked.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. FLAT BED TRUCK - DAY (FLASHBACK - 2002)
text: An array of HUNTING RIFLES placed on the flatbed tray. There
text: are four in total, laying side by side.
dialog: 37A.
speaker_heading: BRANDON O.S.
dialog: What you can do to fit in
speaker_heading: (MORE )
scene_heading: BRANDON 0.S. (CONT'D) 38-39.
text: The rifles are grabbed by their various owners.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY (2002)
text: Big Jim, Marshall, Jared and a FOURTH MAN edge along a river,
text: deeper into the woods. They split into two groups.
text: - Later, Jared following Marshall, pulls up to rest. Marshall
text: urges him on. A SHOT volleys out over the valley. Jared looks
dialog: back.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DAY
text: Jared helps Jim and his father winch a DEAD BUCK onto the
text: back of one of Jim’s trucks
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: INT. CARMEN’S STOP - AFTERNOON
text: Jared, dressed in his hunting gear, finishes off his fries as
text: he sits alone. Marshall is at the counter with his glasses on
text: paying the check and using easy charm with the WAITRESS.
text: Beside Jared's table is A YOUNG MAN, barely 25, his three
text: KIDS and young wife. There is also two men sitting at a
text: window booth that Jared particularly notices. Just then -
text: CHERYL, who works in the diner, comes up to the table.
speaker_heading: CHERYL
dialog: Hey Jared.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Oh. Cheryl. Hey.
speaker_heading: CHERYL
dialog: Y'daddy’s pickin’ up everyone's
dialog: checks again. So sweet. He’s even
dialog: paying for those two queers -
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: You think they’re...?
speaker_heading: CHERYL
dialog: They have to be. Actually quite
dialog: nice though.
text: Marshall, now shaking hands with the OLD MAN, calls Jared
text: over. He’s ready to leave. Jared passes the male couple,
text: making eye contact with one of them. An awkward smile.
scene_heading: EXT./INT CARMEN’S STOP / MARSHALL'S TRUCK - DAY
text: Once in, Marshall takes a pile of religious pamphlets from
text: the glove compartment. On one he writes a bible reference
dialog: Romans 1:27.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
text: There are two men sitting by the
dialog: window. I just paid for their
dialog: lunch. Tell them I'd appreciate
dialog: them taking a look at this paper
dialog: and this verse. For their sake.
text: Jared wants to ask why, but is unable. He knows.
dialog: 40A.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Men committed shameful acts with
dialog: other men and received in
dialog: themselves the due penalty for
dialog: their error.
scene_heading: INT. CARMEN’S STOP - DAY
text: Jared walks back into the diner. He looks to where the men
text: enjoy their lunch. Jared looks out the window to where his
text: father’s truck is in clear view, watching. He moves in their
text: direction holding the pamphlet behind his back.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: You guys travelling?
speaker_heading: MAN 1
dialog: We are on our way to a wedding in
dialog: New Orleans.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Oh. Cool. Um... My father... my
dialog: father just paid for your lunch.
text: The two men look strangely at this kid in hunting gear.
speaker_heading: MAN 1
dialog: What’s the catch?
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Nothing. Just... He’s out there -
text: The two men wave out the window. He pockets the flyer.
speaker_heading: MAN 1
dialog: Well. Tell him thank you.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Yes Sir. Safe travels.
speaker_heading: MAN 1
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: INT. MARSHALL'S TRUCK - LATER
text: Jared gets back into the truck. Marshall is staring at him.
dialog: After a long silence --
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: What did they say?
dialog: 40B.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: They said to say thank you.
text: The moment hangs. Does he know that Jared failed the task?
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEL ROAD/L.I.A. COMPOUND - DAY
text: Feet hit gravel. Jared and the new group run in a somewhat
text: military formation with Brandon as their commander. Aaron
text: follows them driving the short bus.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON INN AND SUITES - DAY
text: Jared brushes his teeth - his shirt is off. He examines a
text: bruise on the back of his shoulder: a baseball strike? But he
text: enjoys the wound, like a new sense of his manhood.
text: Then - he catches himself with one hand on his hip. He clamps
text: down on the tooth brush and stands ala Brandon: two hands on
text: hip; hand back; legs wide - proudly faking it. Soon Nancy
text: joins and they both brush side by side.
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. MAIN AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: The words “Fake it till you Make it” written on the board.
text: Then - Sykes steps into frame, perusing -
text: The bewildered faces of the group staring back.
speaker_heading: SYKES O.S.
dialog: Moral Inventory.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now the real work starts. Catalogue
dialog: your sins and ask God’s forgiveness
dialog: for your wrongs. Sarah --
text: Sarah hesitates to get out of her chair. She finally does and
text: passes Aaron who is setting a video camera on a tripod. His
dialog: secondary task here seems to record significant events.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Sarah facing the group, reading from a handful of papers. She
text: is mid-flow. It is painfully awkward hearing her read. She is
text: trying to motor through it as fast as humanly possible.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: .-..and it was there that I had
dialog: sinful thoughts of other girls
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: SARAH (CONT'D)
dialog: - I would look at other girls in
dialog: the changing rooms before gym. And
dialog: in the showers. My biggest sin is
dialog: one that I am also thankful for
dialog: because it has led me to Love In
dialog: Action.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I had run away from my uncle’s
dialog: house and stayed with some girls I
dialog: knew whose parents were away. And
dialog: it was there that for a few days I
dialog: finally acted on my homosexual
dialog: thoughts.
dialog: (breathes )
dialog: I renounce these sinful thoughts
dialog: and actions and I ask God to
dialog: forgive me all these things -
text: Jared watches. He knows that he’ll be up there soon
text: cataloging his own sins.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. MAIN AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: Sykes sets up the ‘LIE CHAIR’ exercise. Two empty chairs
text: facing each other: a role-playing exercise.
text: Sarah takes one of the seats, waiting with dread.
speaker_heading: SYKES O.S.
dialog: Go Sarah. There he is in that chair --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: We smash right into the exercise. Jared watches Sarah be
text: BERATED by Sykes to engage with an invisible family figure.
text: Sarah grips the side of her chair. White knuckles.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: - staring right back at you.
text: He isn’t. Opposite her is literally an empty chair.
text: Jared turns to check on Jon, who leans forward in his chair.
text: Gary beside him, leans back biting his nails.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: There he is. Use your words. Spit
dialog: them out with purpose. Personal
dialog: pronouns like I said. ‘You’ wronged
dialog: me. ‘YOU’ showed me sin.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
text: But Sarah keeps thinking. Paralyzed.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t over think it. Nobody’s
text: judging Sarah. But God is watching.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'm trying...
speaker_heading: SYKES
text: He’s watching. And He’s waiting.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I’m trying to find the right words.
text: Sykes unleashes a trial mock tirade on the empty chair.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: ‘You wronged me. You wronged me
dialog: Uncle...’ what was his name?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Joe.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: ‘You wronged me Uncle Joe -- You
dialog: took me into the care of your home
dialog: and locked me up for ---
speaker_heading: SARAH
text: It was two of them. Joe and Leila.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: ‘You wronged me Uncle Joe and Aunt -
dialog: (stops himself)
dialog: Aaron? Bring me that empty chair.
text: Aaron hustles and Sykes puts it next to the other empty
text: chair. Two chairs for two imaginary people. Behind him we
text: hear a laugh. He swivels, catching Tina with a smirk.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT’D)
dialog: You think this is funny Tina? You
dialog: think the reason y’all are here is
dialog: funny? Take these exercises
dialog: seriously. Do not waste my time.
dialog: Each other’s time. God’s time. We
dialog: are trying to help you.
text: He clicks his fingers in front of Sarah.
dialog: 42a.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘You wronged me Uncle Joe and Aunt
dialog: Leila.’ Go!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
text: We wait for Sarah to GO... Instead she starts to tear-up.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT’D)
dialog: Yes. Yes. Let it out.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Leila wasn’t my aunt. She was my
dialog: cousin that lived with Uncle Joe.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Alright. Let’s take a break.
text: He checks his watch. Aaron turns off the camera.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: Sarah can try again tomorrow. Every
dialog: day, two of you will walk into the
dialog: arc like Noah’s animals. And get
dialog: refuge from damnation. This is the
dialog: ticket of entry. No free rides.
text: He taps the empty chair and meets with Michael who has an
text: urgent issue. Sykes turns, concerned.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. MAIN AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: It’s tea break, Jared walks over to a shaken Sarah.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: You want anything? I’m making a cup
dialog: of tea.
text: She shakes her head, and as he walks away she stops him -
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: You're at the Hampton right? I seen
dialog: you there.
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: Seven o’clock can you meet me by
text: the ATM in the dining area. Bring
dialog: your phone. Please.
text: Jared nods and moves away, conflicted by the encounter.
text: Through the open door Jared sees Sykes with two PARENTS. It’s
text: somewhat heated: admonishment by the father. Then we see Lee,
text: backpack on. The father turns on Sykes --
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: LEE’S DAD O.S.
dialog: We told you that!! Unacceptable.
text: As Sykes moves back toward the door, everyone disperses.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON INN AND SUITES RESTAURANT - NIGHT (PRESENT)
text: Jared and Nancy eat dinner, Jared scarfing down food while
text: doing his L.I.A. homework and referring to the HANDBOOK.
text: Headphones on, he flicks through his Moleskin with the ripped
dialog: out pages. We see his notes --
dialog: Moral Inventory and... Without going into ‘graphic detail,’
dialog: catalogue all immoral and sexual experiences & He adds...
dialog: ‘How you came to be at L.I.A.?'
dialog: 
text: He checks his watch. Almost seven --
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jared walks into the hallway leading to the bathrooms. It is
text: empty apart from the ATM. Then the bathroom door opens up and
text: Sarah peeks through. Seeing Jared she marches over covertly
text: and puts her hand out. He hands her his phone and just as
text: quickly she disappears into the bathroom. He waits.
text: Awkwardly. That’s when he sees -
text: Sykes, with a woman and kids, ages six and four. They move
text: into the restaurant. Seemingly, an average American family.
text: Jared nervously hides behind the ATM and waits guiltily. What
dialog: is he doing? What if he gets caught?
text: Finally Sarah emerges wiping her eyes. She hands Jared the
dialog: phone and utters -
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Don’t you dare tell anyone.
text: Jared watches her sneak away like she was never even there.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON INN AND SUITES DINING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jared gathers his things, aware of Sykes’s presence.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I'll finish this in my room. You
dialog: ready?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 44a.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The head guy is here
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
text: And Jared is gone. Nancy follows but looks around wondering:
dialog: ‘Why is that a bad thing?’
text: Sykes, hearing clatter, looks up. Did he see Jared?
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON INN AND SUITES - NIGHT
text: In the room, Jared sits on his bed. We push in on him,
dialog: knowing what his homework is.
text: The building intro of - The Red Hot Chili Peppers - ‘Can't
speaker_heading: Stop.’
text: We see Jared's pen move over a fresh page. He writes ‘HENRY.’
speaker_heading: HENRY O.S.
dialog: Yo. I got you pal.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL, LYON COLLEGE - DAY (FLASHBACK, FALL 2003) 55
text: Music, emanating from a nearby room continues over --
text: Jared is struggling up some stairs with two full drawers.
text: Things have started to fall and topple when a fit and tanned
text: guy, Henry, bounds up the stairs toward him. Perfect timing.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Here. I can take the top stuff.
text: Jared accepts the help with an awkward thanks. Henry looks in
text: a drawer as he carries it. It is mainly full of books.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Which room? Just learned a bunch of
dialog: things about you in half a second
dialog: looking in this drawer by the way.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Oh yeah? I’m in three-four-six.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I’m in two-three-seven. You run?
dialog: People who run know about Asics.
text: There are Asics on Jared's feet.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: I saw you unloading from that car
dialog: with the Razorbacks sticker. You
dialog: from Arkansas? I’m there a lot
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT’D)
scene_heading: INT. JARED’'S DORM ROOM 346 - MOMENTS LATER
text: The room has a double bunk beds. There is no one else there.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: First one in gets to choose. You
dialog: got a girl? If so you might wanna
dialog: apply for a room without bunks.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Just broke up.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (winks )
dialog: Good timing. Before college.
text: They head for the door.
speaker_heading: HENRY O.S.
dialog: I got cousins in Mountain Home.
scene_heading: EXT. LYON COLLEGE, ARKANSAS - DUSK
text: Jared and Henry go for a run. We are behind them.
scene_heading: TITLE CARD: HENRY
dialog: 
text: Jared and Henry at one end of the run, sweat heavily and gasp
text: for air. They occasionally look at each other.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: We're a good fit. Hate running with
text: slow pokes. Or speed freaks.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Tell you what. Race you on the way
dialog: back. Last one back has to go to
text: the other one’s church. Serious.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Why? What kind of church is it?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You game or not?
text: Jared smiles goofily
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Ready? After three. One, two,
dialog: Three, GO!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE HEALING HANDS PENTACOSTAL CHURCH - DAY
text: The opening POWER CHORDS of a Christian Rock band’s opener.
text: Jared and Henry sit among many YOUNG PEOPLE who throw their
text: hands in the air, CHEERING. A Pentecostal Church meeting in
dialog: full swing. More a party than a service.
speaker_heading: LEAD SINGER
dialog: Get on your feet for Jesus.
text: Everyone stands and Henry does too. Jared is a beat behind
dialog: like a guilty outside observer. His dad would HATE this kind
text: of worship. Henry offers Jared a hand to stand. Jared stands
text: and watches as Henry, euphoric, cuffs the young TEEN in front
text: of him and lets out a ‘whoop.’
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: (beaming)
dialog: Radical huh?
text: The minister, the YOUNG charismatic FRANK, 35, on the stage —
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Let's sing it for Jesus --
speaker_heading: HENRY / EVERYONE
dialog: Amen/Amen!
text: Henry puts his manly arm around Jared who allows himself to
text: smile and start to enjoy it. He relaxes and puts his arm
text: around Henry too. It’s a brotherly embrace that feels safe in
dialog: this environment. But --
text: The music turns to something synthesized and ominous.
scene_heading: EXT. LYON COLLEGE CAMPUS - NIGHT
text: Jared and Henry on a run, jog around trees, deflecting cherry
text: blossom tree branches to cut a smoother line.
dialog: Later -
dialog: 47A.
text: At the end of their run, they stare at each other as they
text: stretch and search for oxygen. Jared tries a smile. But it’s
text: a little long and Henry frowns, a tad suspicious
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: INT. JARED’S DORM ROOM 346 - LATER
text: That ominous music is a SYNTHETIC LOOP from TOM CLANCY’S
scene_heading: SPLINTER CELL.
text: Jared and Henry are still dressed in sweats. We see from
text: behind as Jared controls the game and Henry watches, sipping
text: a beer. A lone player makes his way through the green and
text: blue glow of an underground concrete facility. Jared steals
text: a look at Henry’s face, glowing in the screen’s light.
text: Henry checks his watch. Sips his beer. He’s tired.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Y’said your roommate’s not coming
dialog: back till tomorrow?
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: On some golf trip. You wanna crash?
text: Jared moves to turn off the game.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: You keep playing.
text: Henry gets up and we hear the sounds of Henry climbing up the
text: bunk ladder.
text: Jared watches, turns down the sound and then goes back to his
text: game, conflicted. He’s attracted it’s clear. But Henry is
text: straight and Jared has ZERO experience with ANYONE.
speaker_heading: JARED O.S.
dialog: Am I in trouble?
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. ADMIN OFFICE - DAY (PRESENT)
text: Tight on Jared’s face as a door opens and shuts 0.S.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Have I done something wrong?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL O.S.
dialog: Here he comes now.
speaker_heading: SYKES O.S.
dialog: Morning Jared.
dialog: 48A.
text: Sykes sits carrying a file. His demeanor is supremely casual
text: and friendly. Not the ‘man on show’ he is in the group
text: sessions. The only sound is a ticking clock
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: No reason to be worried. Around day
dialog: three I just check in with the new
dialog: recruits. See how they’re getting
text: along. Little private chat.
text: A poster behind Sykes linking AIDS to homosexual deviant
text: behavior draws Jared’s attention for a moment.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT’D)
dialog: So, how is it going for ya?
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: It’s good. I’m finding it all...
dialog: helpful, yeah.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: How is your Moral Inventory coming
dialog: along? Are you ready? You wanna go
dialog: today? Dive right in?
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Oh... I, um.. I’d like to watch a
dialog: couple more people do theirs I
dialog: think, if that’s okay. I haven’t
dialog: completed everything yet.
text: Sykes pulls out a handful of papers from his file: Jared's
text: journal stories. He selects a page and holds it up.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: It’s a story.
speaker_heading: SYKES
text: It’s a love story about a boy and a
dialog: girl. Were you thinking about two
dialog: boys when you wrote this?
dialog: (hold)
dialog: Is this a true story?
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: No. It’s just a story.
dialog: (off Sykes)
dialog: Will I be able to get them back?
dialog: They're assignments for college.
dialog: 49a.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Yes, I noticed your list of books
dialog: here. A reading list I assume.
dialog: (holds it up
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: Some of these books -- considering
dialog: everything that’s going on for you,
dialog: I wonder if this is really the
dialog: right thing for you to be pursuing
dialog: at all. Perhaps a year with us is a
dialog: better use of your time. Something
dialog: to think about.
text: This troubles Jared, but he nods. Sykes reads him, his eyes
text: narrowing a little and then the smile returns -
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen. I want you to know, I've
dialog: had conversations with your parents
dialog: in the lead up to you being here,
dialog: and I know a little of your story
dialog: somewhat.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I know there are discrepancies from
dialog: what your parents were told and
dialog: what you have said to them. And
dialog: they are really unsure what to
dialog: believe. But, I know there is a
dialog: bigger story. Or stories. Right?
dialog: We’re not here based on mere
dialog: thoughts alone.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know, the ones that get the
dialog: most out of this, are the ones who
dialog: are brave. The ones who fess up to
dialog: what God already sees, Jared.
text: His friendly concern has somehow taken on the air of threat.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT’D)
dialog: You really gotta put it all on the
dialog: table here. That way we can really
dialog: assess what is the best future for
dialog: you.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. HALLWAY/SYKES’S OFFICE - DAY
text: SLOW MOTION: Jared walks out. We read his disappointment -—
speaker_heading: GARY O.S.
dialog: Dear heavenly father, today I ask
dialog: your forgiveness for my sins.
text: Jared takes the corner
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: GARY 0.S. (CONT’D)
dialog: For a year we lived under the cover
dialog: of being ‘roommates’ though we
dialog: weren't using separate rooms.
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. MAIN AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: Gary goes through the process of reading his Moral Inventory.
text: He has tears streaming his face. To the side - Aaron is
text: filming with his small mounted camera.
speaker_heading: GARY
dialog: Much like a normal couple we lived
dialog: that way and for a time... it felt
dialog: normal... Until my family
dialog: discovered the truth. But I was
dialog: fooling myself. Being fooled. I was
dialog: seduced into sin... by all sorts of
dialog: sinful people... I knew in my heart
dialog: I had forsaken Jesus for Satan.
text: Jared listens, frowns. This just seems like a regular, caring
text: relationship being described. He looks across to Jon who we
text: can see has a minor black eye. Jon won’t engage.
speaker_heading: GARY (CONT'D)
dialog: But I am awake to my sins. I can’t
dialog: believe the disgusting person that
dialog: I once was. I ask --
text: The haunting SYNTHETIC music of ‘SPLINTER CELL’ Pulses --
speaker_heading: SYKES O.S.
dialog: Lesbian. Gay. Bi --
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: On the board is a circle with several WORDS inside of it:
dialog: Marriage, Children, family, support, caring. In an opposing
dialog: circle is another list: Rape, child molestation, promiscuity,
dialog: AIDS , loneliness, zero children --
text: Sykes writes Heterosexual over the ‘Good/LIFE’ circle, and
text: ‘Homosexual’ and LGBTQ over the other. He adds ‘D’ and ’P’ as
dialog: well, literally as a joke.
dialog: 51a.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Transgender, Queer... Dolphins...
dialog: Pandas, Unicorns. Cupcakes. So much
dialog: choice over here
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s designed to make everyone laugh, and most don’t but
text: Jared and Jon do. Sykes adds ‘DEATH’ above the circle.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: Talk about one way to ruin your
dialog: dollar bill. To burn it by falling
dialog: right back into hell. Inviting this
dialog: behavior into your life --
text: Move in on Jared as the ‘SPLINTER CELL’ theme riffs. We will
dialog: recognize it and it will take us back to -
scene_heading: INT. JARED’'S DORM ROOM 346 - NIGHT (FLASHBACK)
text: We are taken back to the night Henry crashes in Jared’s dorm.
text: Jared plays alone for a beat but then finishes a game and
text: turns the console off, casting the room into darkness.
text: Later - Jared is lying on his bunk, still awake. Noises come
text: from the springs above: Henry moving. Turning. After a while
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Can’t sleep, huh?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Probably shouldn’t run so late at
dialog: night.
text: Then the figure of Henry jumps down in the darkness. A weird
text: moment of pause as Jared turns to look at his silhouette.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Um...
text: Jared frowns. Something in the air. Then -
text: Suddenly, Henry lunges forward and clamps a hand over Jared's
text: mouth. Almost gently the command comes -
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Shhhh. Shut up.
text: In a weird and almost silent flurry, Jared is forced to flip
text: over by Henry. His sweats are pulled down and Henry is on
dialog: him.
text: During the rapid and silent rape Jared’s head is knocked
text: against the upright strut arm of the bunk. Then it is over.
text: Henry recedes. And all we hear is -
dialog: 52A.
speaker_heading: HENRY O.S.
dialog: Damn it.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: HENRY 0.S. (CONT'D)
text: Hold on Jared. Paralyzed. His forehead trickles blood.
text: -- We hear Henry climb back up on the top bunk.
dialog: 
text: Jared is confused. What the hell just happened? We hold on
dialog: this for the longest time. Until -
text: Henry starts to cry. Finally, Jared moves ever so slightly.
speaker_heading: HENRY 0.S. (CONT'D)
dialog: What is wrong with me? What the
dialog: hell is wrong with me?
text: Jared rolls over onto his back. He listens to Henry cry.
speaker_heading: HENRY 0.S. (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m going to be in so much trouble.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Oh man.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Henry?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Have you done that before?
dialog: Silence. Long.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: I need to confess. I’m going to
dialog: have to... will you hear me? Can
dialog: you keep this between us?
text: Jared thinks and utters ‘Mmhmm.’ And Henry jumps down. He
text: sits on Jared’s bed. Jared doesn’t move.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m so sorry.
dialog: Hold.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Remember that kid from church. The
dialog: one in front of us..?
scene_heading: INT. JARED’S DORM ROOM 346 - MORNING
text: Jared wakes. Cautiously he stands to see -
dialog: 54.
text: Henry has gone. The bunk is neatly made, and there’s a note -—
text: when Jared unfolds it, it merely says - “Run @ 6?"
text: The door opens, startling him: The ROOMMATE, carrying golf
text: clubs, back from his trip. They exchange ‘hellos’.
scene_heading: INT. LYON COLLEGE, AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: Jared sits in a class as it is filling up. We push in on him.
text: Later - he sits alone in the now empty space.
text: Later - he sits outside against a wall, alone.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. TRACK, LYON COLLEGE - DUSK
text: Henry limbers up. Stretches for his run. He looks around for
text: Jared: a no-show. He begins texting. Then -
speaker_heading: JARED O.S.
dialog: Hey. Sorry.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Thought you weren't coming.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I nearly had to head home.
text: Henry - curious. Jared starts to stretch.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s all good. My aunt’s a bit
dialog: sick. I'll probably head back in
dialog: the morning for a couple days.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Let’s stretch and pray.
dialog: (off his expression)
dialog: Why not? For your Aunt.
text: Henry takes a knee, but it doubles as a quad stretch.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Dear Heavenly Father...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: HENRY (CONT’D)
scene_heading: EXT. LYON COLLEGE, CAMPUS - NIGHT
text: Jared and Henry run at a medium jog. We follow behind.
speaker_heading: HENRY V/O
dialog: We pray that you remove all
dialog: obstacles from our path.
text: They take a bend.
speaker_heading: HENRY V/O (CONT'D)
dialog: And we give thanks for our freedom,
dialog: for our youth, and our health,
dialog: whereas others are less fortunate.
text: We continue to lead them now as Henry looks across to Jared.
text: It is clear he is concerned for Jared's withdrawal.
speaker_heading: HENRY V/O (CONT'D)
dialog: We pray for Jared's aunt, that she
dialog: May be restored to health and we
dialog: dedicate this run to her recovery.
scene_heading: INT. JARED’S FORD MUSTANG - DAY
text: Jared drives his car. We are behind him.
speaker_heading: HENRY V/O
dialog: We run guided by your love and
dialog: lifted by your spirit. Each step a
dialog: prayer that all of your children
dialog: share the same abundance.
text: The pair move down a rise and disappear into darkness.
scene_heading: INT. LYON COLLEGE, HALLWAY - DAY
text: Henry moves with a purpose. A swagger. We follow as he raises
text: a flip cell phone to his ear.
speaker_heading: HENRY/JARED V/O
dialog: Amen. Amen.
scene_heading: EXT. JARED’S FAMILY HOME - DAY
text: Jared gets out of his car and moves to the house where he is
text: greeted with great warmth by his mother
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: INT. LYON COLLEGE, HALLWAY - DAY
text: Henry on the phone -—
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Yo. Hey, you remember a kid called
dialog: Jared Eamons? Ginger haired kid.
dialog: Your year at St. Martins?
scene_heading: INT. EAMONS FAMILY KITCHEN - DAY
text: Jared dumps his bag as he moves through the house.
speaker_heading: HENRY O.S.
dialog: I'm looking to get a hold of him.
scene_heading: INT. LYON COLLEGE, HALLWAY - DAY
text: Henry walks the hall dialing a new number.
scene_heading: INT. JARED'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Jared takes his sneakers off and turns on his computer. The
text: faint 0.S. sounds of a phone ringing.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. EAMONS FAMILY KITCHEN - DAY
text: The phone rings in the kitchen. We follow Nancy as she wipes
text: her hands and moves to answer.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: INT./EXT. HALLWAY / LYON COLLEGE COURTYARD - DAY
text: Henry opens the wide doors to the college courtyard where
text: hundreds of kids enjoy the sun.
speaker_heading: HENRY
dialog: Hi. Is that Missus Nancy Eamons?
scene_heading: INT. EAMONS FAMILY KITCHEN - DAY
text: Nancy is chirpy but somehow senses something ominous.
dialog: 56A.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: This is she. Who am I speaking to
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
text: We hear Henry's mumbled voice on the other end of the line.
dialog: 
text: We move in on Nancy’s ‘not so great’ portrait of the family,
text: now hanging on the wall.
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes? What about him?
scene_heading: INT. EAMONS FAMILY HOME/JARED'S ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Jared sits on his bed reading. A knock comes to the door.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL O.S.
dialog: Jared?
text: Something in the tone of his voice makes Jared concerned.
scene_heading: INT. EAMONS FAMILY LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: We SMASH INTO A FIERCE FAMILY ARGUMENT. Jared IS AT WAR with
text: his father. Under interrogation. Nancy is the bystander.
speaker_heading: JARED MARSHALL
dialog: Did he give you a name? Answer my question?!
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: If he gave you a name... I’m just
dialog: saying, why wouldn’t he give you -—
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Answer me. Are you doing all the
dialog: things he says?
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Did he give you his name?
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Enough. I command you -
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: - command me all you want. I’m
dialog: asking questions too.
text: Marshall makes a move toward Jared.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: He didn’t give me his name.
dialog: (wavers )
dialog: I don’t think.
dialog: 57A.
text: They both look to Nancy
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: The guy is full of shit!
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
text: Nancy. Leave the room.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I'll leave the room.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: No. You sit down.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: It’s bullshit, dad.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
speaker_heading: LANGUAGE !
speaker_heading: NANCY MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: He just said ‘counselor’. I (a warning)
dialog: asked for his name -- -- Nancy.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: --- and a number but...
speaker_heading: JARED MARSHALL
speaker_heading: See. NANCY!
text: Nancy starts to retreat. Finally she leaves.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I can’t believe this.
text: Marshall tries a new tactic, trying to focus the conversation.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Okay son... Let’s sit and talk
dialog: calmly. Man to man.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: No. Dad, because it’s --
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: -- Is it true? He said you've
dialog: been... that you are a homosexual.
text: Jared sighs deeply. He gets up and moves for the door.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey. We are not finished.
dialog: 58A.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I am. Because you won’t listen
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
text: Jared tries to go to his room. Marshall tries to intercept
text: him. Nancy watches from the hallway.
text: Jared tries to force the door shut which results in a
text: physical battle now with his father. The door hits Marshall's
text: face, knocking him backwards and bringing renewed fury.
text: Marshall forces Jared against the wall.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: Answer me! What this man (correcting)
dialog: says... - What this full-of-shit guy
dialog: who is not a counselor and -
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Is it true?
speaker_heading: JARED MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Who didn’t have the spine to Son!!
dialog: give his own name -
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Who raped a kid at his Pentacostal
dialog: church group. And... God knows who
dialog: else.
text: Marshall, still grips his son, but is rattled into stillness.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: Dad, you're hurting me.
text: Questions rage in his father’s grip. But the thought of
text: hurting his son wakes him from the attack.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: Dad. It’s not true. The guy is
dialog: lying. I can tell you --
text: As Marshall slowly releases, Jared steps forward. He takes in
text: his mother and father flanking him.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: His name is Henry Wallace. He’s not
dialog: a counselor. He’s a student too. He
dialog: told me he did some bad things.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I think he thinks I’m going to tell
text: on him.
text: Pause. The dust settles finally. But, Marshall’s radar is
dialog: tuned to the fact that he doesn’t have ALL the information
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM —- NIGHT
text: Jared is playing a game on his PLAYSTATION 2: FINAL DOOM -
text: Level 9 with its dread filled pipe-organ theme track. Roaming
text: the pit, he blasts demon soldiers and fiery skulls with a
text: double barrel shotgun. Computer blood flows freely. He is
text: deep in burying his reality when his father walks in.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Your mother is making dinner.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I’m okay. I’m not hungry.
text: He pauses the game as Marshall sets down a note pad and pen.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: I want you to write down this boy’s
dialog: name and the name of this
dialog: Pentecostal Church. If he did what
dialog: you say then it needs to be
dialog: reported.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I don’t want you to talk to him.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: I think this matter is a little too
dialog: important for us to get into the
dialog: business of protecting anyone.
text: Jared looks at the paper and pen. Marshall moves to leave.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Eric is coming over tomorrow to
dialog: discuss rewiring for the new
dialog: ministry.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I extended the invitation to Chloe
dialog: and Brandy too. I'd appreciate it
dialog: if you stuck around another -
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I really should get back.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: If you can miss one day of classes,
dialog: I’m sure one more is not going to
dialog: end the world.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 60A.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Why did you come back in the first
dialog: place? Mid-week?
text: The way he asks it still feels like he mistrusts his son
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: You know there is nothing like the
dialog: feeling of... being with a woman.
dialog: If you knew what it was like -
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Dad. It’s not true.
text: Jared goes to put his head phones on.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: You know what I think about those
dialog: kind of games too.
text: Marshall leaves. Distracted, Jared is swamped by soldiers.
text: Game Over. He sits in silence for a moment and then -
text: Jared explodes. The closest thing we have seen to rage. He
text: rips the cord from the controller out of the system and
text: throws it across the room.
scene_heading: INT. EAMONS FAMILY KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Marshall looks at his ministry architectural plans while
text: Nancy preps dinner. A somber mood. Broken as -
text: Jared enters and drops the ENTIRE gaming system on the table,
dialog: 
text: cords and all. BAM.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: You want me to stop with the games?
text: His parents are puzzled.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: Ok... I’1l stop with them.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t want to see Chloe.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We broke up.
text: And he exits, leaving his parents confused. But then -
text: Moments later he is back ---
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: We broke up because... I think I’m.
dialog: In fact, I’m pretty sure that I’m -
dialog: 61A.
text: Jared is trying to find the words. It’s hard, but he’s going
text: to stay until the message gets across. Finally
dialog: 62.
text: Marshall swoops up his architect plans, and leaves the room.
text: There is a long pause. Until Nancy awkwardly pipes up.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Are you sure honey?
scene_heading: INT. JARED’S ROOM - FAMILY HOME - NIGHT
text: Jared is watching through a crack in the door. He sees -
text: In the kitchen his father sitting, embracing his mother. Then
text: he hears a car and moves to the window. He is alarmed to see -
text: Two men approach the house: Big Jim and Pastor Wilkes.
text: Marshall walks to greet them. It’s definitely conspiratorial.
text: And it’s definitely something to do with Jared. He moves to
text: the landing to watch them enter the house, careful to avoid
dialog: being seen.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Thanks for coming Jim. Pastor.
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. OFFICE - AFTERNOON (PRESENT)
text: The daily pick-up. Jared goes to collect his cell phone as
text: Jon is leaving the pick-up area, already having taken his. We
text: see that bruised eye more closely. Jon nods goodbye.
scene_heading: EXT. HAMPTON INN AND SUITES PARKING LOT - AFTERNOON
text: Jared and Nancy in profile shuffle back after a long day.
text: Jared's eye catches something and he stops briefly.
text: The BEST WESTERN sign. He and Jon are neighbors.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON INN AND SUITES ROOM - NIGHT
text: Jared stands at the window staring at the blue and yellow lit
text: tower of the BEST WESTERN: Jon’s temporary home.
speaker_heading: NANCY O.S.
dialog: We are trying a new place.
scene_heading: EXT. HAMPTON INN AND SUITES, PARKING LOT - MORNING
text: We follow Jared and Nancy toward the BEST WESTERN. Nancy,
text: always dressed like it’s dinner, even when it’s breakfast.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: NANCY O.S.
dialog: - in search of the perfect soft-
text: boiled egg.
scene_heading: INT. THE BEST WESTERN, BUFFET ROOM — MORNING
text: Nancy holds a bedazzled phone in overly manicured hands.
text: Bangles rattle and rings knock against bigger rings.
text: Meanwhile, Jared scans the room, looking for Jon.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: We're about to find out.
text: As Jared cracks the top off a soft-boiled egg, Nancy
text: stretches out those hands in suspenseful expectation: The
dialog: pantomime of ‘Did they get it right?’ One of their many
text: ‘games.’ Off Jared’s reaction, she clenches her fists:
text: ‘foiled again.’
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Overcooked.
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: If they have an office in Memphis,
dialog: I could check the color swatches
dialog: down here. I think a muted green is
dialog: a good match with oak. Blue is
dialog: always a little dominant,
dialog: regardless of shade.
text: Jared goes back to scanning the room. Then he finds -
text: Jon. Trailed by a guy (20s). An older brother Jared guesses:
text: an even manlier version of Jon. The brother hangs back to
text: talk on his cell, as Jon hits the buffet.
scene_heading: INT. THE BEST WESTERN - MORNING
text: Jared plants himself at the buffet waiting to be seen.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Plate?
text: Jared almost answers but then realizes it’s not an offering
text: for him. Instead - Jon’s brother brushes past.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: I said I'll look after myself.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: You want a juice?
dialog: 63A.
text: And so it comes to be that Jon COMPLETELY IGNORES JARED
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: BROTHER
dialog: Look after yourself. I got mine.
text: Jared hangs, self-consciously filling his plate, until it’s
text: safe to walk back to the table.
scene_heading: INT. THE BEST WESTERN, BUFFET ROOM — MORNING
text: Jared sits back down at the table, stung. He is handed the
text: phone by Nancy.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Hey Dad. How’s the remodeling
dialog: going?
text: He looks across one last time for Jon. No luck.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry I’m not there to help.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Huh? Oh yeah. Good. It’s fun.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I said it’s fun.
text: PRE-LAP: the SOUNDS OF A GROWN MAN WEEPING. DEEP PAIN.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A MAIN AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: Tight on Aaron’s video camera. Its red light on. Recording.
text: Phillip sits crying while Aaron films him.
text: The faces of Jared and others as they react to the LIE CHAIR
text: exercise and catharsis. Cameron bites his nails.
speaker_heading: PHILLIP
dialog: (in between sobs)
dialog: I hate you. I hate you. I --
text: Phillip gives his last bit of energy and SOBS now,
text: uncontrollably. Broken. Sykes tentatively helps him up.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Good job Phillip. We love you.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: We love you Phillip.
dialog: 64a.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: See. Good job. Go wash up if you
dialog: need. Michael -
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
text: Michael steps forward to escort him. They walk out together
dialog: with Aaron.
text: Jared looks across at Jon, who won’t make eye contact with
text: him. He looks pissed. He then sees an empty chair. He looks
text: around. Jared turns to look around. Sarah is missing.
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. MAIN AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: Jon is grabbing a boxed lunch. Jared come up beside him.
speaker_heading: JARED
text: No one knows where Sarah is.
dialog: Have you heard anything?
text: He eyeballs Jared briefly. Jared feels scolded.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Is this all a game to you? What
dialog: were you doing over there anyway?
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: We got sick of the breakfast at our
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: (moving off)
dialog: Okay. You tell yourself that.
text: MOMENTS LATER, Jared sits drinking tea on his own.
speaker_heading: JON O.S.
dialog: Listen, man -
text: Jon plants himself in another chair.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: You gotta think about why you went
dialog: there. Seriously. You don’t think I
dialog: wasn’t fishing for where you were
dialog: staying when I told you my hotel.
dialog: These are the urges we gotta stamp
dialog: out. Whole reason we’re even here.
dialog: Gotta control this.
text: He taps his head too hard. Admonishing.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: We were just looking for somewhere
dialog: that could do boiled eggs properly.
dialog: Seriously.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: True ownership man. That’s what
dialog: Moral Inventory’s about. Owning
dialog: your shit. If you want a boiled egg
dialog: then tell your place how long you
dialog: want them cooked. They got a
dialog: kitchen and eggs and a chef. Don’t
dialog: come to my place pretending. Or
dialog: else you gotta add it to your M.I.
text: Jon gives a ‘sure you were’ grunt then jumps up seeing
text: Cameron is throwing a football inside with Tina. He joins. We
text: sees Cameron, suddenly relaxed and happy to have a football
text: in his hands.
text: Jared stands too... beside Jon. They take turns throwing back
text: to Cameron who is now joined by Tina. The group keep
text: throwing, but suddenly STOP when they hear the door open.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: You don’t have to stop.
text: In the B.G., Sykes starts re-arranging chairs with Michael.
speaker_heading: SYKES O.S.
dialog: Football is okay. S’long as you
dialog: don’t break anything. In fact --
text: Sykes jumps in and starts throwing with them. It becomes
text: awkward but sort of fun. The whole group encouraged to join
text: in. Some do. Some don’t. Jared watches the madness. Then --
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Cameron! !
text: He throws the ball to Cameron, who catches it happily as --
speaker_heading: SYKES 0O.S
dialog: You're up. Moral Inventory and Lie
dialog: Chair.
text: And the carefree smile turns to paralyzing fear.
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. MAIN AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: Cameron is in the chair now. He is doing the Lie Chair
text: exercise. Cameron reads from a piece of paper --
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: You wronged me dad and I hate you --
dialog: 66A.
text: It’s so quiet that everyone has to lean in to hear him.
text: Aaron, behind the camera, gestures to Sykes: ‘volume’
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: We can’t hear you Cameron!
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: - hate you for the way you have
dialog: treated me since you found out
dialog: about my problems.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: ‘About my sins.’ Say it Cameron.
text: Cameron looks like he wants to disappear. Jared intervenes.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I can go. I don’t mind -
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: (shutting him down)
dialog: Everyone gets a turn. This is
dialog: Cameron’s turn. Cameron? ‘Found out
dialog: about my sins’ --
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Found out about my sins.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Louder.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: (trying, still soft)
dialog: -- I hate you because you never
dialog: listen to me, or acknowledge me. Or
dialog: if you do acknowledge me it’s to
dialog: make fun of me --
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: ‘IT’S TO MAKE FUN OF ME!!’
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: -- in front of other people, or -
dialog: You just yell at me --
text: Sykes decides to let Cameron work at his own volume.
speaker_heading: CAMERON (CONT’D)
dialog: When you told me you wished I
dialog: hadn’t been born, that really hurt.
text: Cameron stops reading from his notes. He looks at Sykes.
dialog: 67A.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Well, you say that you are angry,
dialog: but frankly I don’t see it. ‘That
dialog: really hurt.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: (nothing from Cameron)
dialog: I wanna see you express it.
text: Cameron sighs. Something is definitely inside of him -
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: Only then can we have a chance to
dialog: tell these people in the real world
dialog: how they have affected us.
text: Cameron’s wraps his arms around himself.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: Where is that anger Cameron? You
dialog: wanna learn and grow? Well?
dialog: (turns away)
dialog: I guess not. Oh, well.
dialog: (to the group)
dialog: S'up to you.
text: Sykes urges the others to go on break and they all file
text: around Cameron who sits, feeling a failure in the chair -
text: But then - they hear an almighty noise and turn to see -
text: - Cameron bring the chair crashing down like a pick-axe, on
text: the empty chair opposite, POUNDING it repeatedly. Everyone is
text: in_shock. When the dust settles, they all stare at Cameron,
text: and Cameron back at them --
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Um. Sorry.
text: Cameron looks around like he has made a mistake. He retreats
text: into apologies, and starts to pick up what he’s broken.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: It’s okay. It’s okay. Take a break
dialog: Cameron. I’1ll get that.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I’m sorry. That’s just how I
dialog: express my anger so --
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: That’s on me. It’s okay. Good job.
dialog: We love you Cameron.
speaker_heading: GROUP
dialog: We love you Cameron.
text: Cameron passes by, watched by Brandon and applauded by Jon.
dialog: 68A.
text: Jared watches Cameron retreat back into his massive shell
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. BATHROOM - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Jared steps up to pee. Unbuttoning, he sees a shape pass the
text: high window. Curious, he hoists himself up, and can see -
text: Sykes, alone and in the magical afternoon light staring at
text: the tree line. Hands on his hips. Jared immediately wonders
text: about him. Then the door swings open and Jared steps down -
speaker_heading: BRANDON O.S.
dialog: You're meant to attend bathroom
text: breaks with a staff member.
text: Brandon eyes him cautiously, and Jared goes to exit --
speaker_heading: BRANDON
dialog: What, you not gonna pee now?
text: Jared realizes his mistake. Looks at his unbuttoned pants.
speaker_heading: BRANDON (CONT'D)
dialog: Or were you gonna do something
dialog: solo? That’s why they make the
dialog: rules.
text: Jared turns back to pee. It’s a fearful stop-start pee.
speaker_heading: BRANDON (CONT'D)
dialog: Sounds like Morse code. You sending
dialog: me a message, faggot?
text: Finished, Jared goes to walk out. Brandon turns on the tap to
text: for him to wash. He complies. Now Brandon gets awful close
text: and hands him a paper towel.
speaker_heading: BRANDON (CONT'D)
dialog: I do not get you guys at all. Too
dialog: much mothering and not enough
dialog: fathering. I can’t be both for you.
text: Finally Jared is allowed to leave.
scene_heading: INT. NANCY'S CAR — DAY
text: Jared rides back from L.I.A. deep in his head. Nancy drives
dialog: wondering if she should respect the silence or probe --
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: It’s still early. Do you want to
dialog: watch a movie
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I got homework still. Plus,
dialog: I can’t anyway. The rules say all
dialog: movies contain ‘sinful content.’
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: What about an animation?
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: ‘What’d you do last night?’ ‘I was
text: hanging at the Hampton Inn watching
dialog: The Lion King with my mom.’
text: Jared winds his window down. Nancy turns off the air -
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: You want fresh air?
text: Jared reaches out his hand and his hand dances with the air.
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
dialog: You know I don’t like -
dialog: Honey...
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Mom! Who did that happen to and
dialog: when? Seriously!? Do you know!?
text: Nancy retreats into silence. But Jared is spoiling for a
dialog: fight.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: Seriously. Do you actually know who
dialog: that happened to? Do you? For real?
dialog: After another silence -
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: It was Nobody. From Nowhere Town.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: On Highway Zero. It never happened.
text: Now she feels the right to bite back.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Parents want to protect their kids.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: So they feed them lies.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: I think those are okay lies.
dialog: 70A.
text: Jared, realizing he’s been unfairly combative, pulls his hand
dialog: back just a little bit
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: You know the whole thing you and
dialog: Dad are paying for here is all
dialog: about how messed up we are by our
dialog: parents. They want to know about
dialog: you. That’s why you can’t know all
dialog: about it. Cause then they wouldn’t
dialog: get their money out of you.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: What have I ever done to you? I’m
dialog: not a drunk or a divorcee. Your
dialog: father and I don’t fight. We barely
dialog: even raise our voices.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Talk about me however you want, my
dialog: conscience is clean.
text: Nancy stops. She hit ‘my’ a little too hard. Silence.
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
dialog: I think I should read the book too.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: See what it’s all about. Read these
dialog: rules and what not.
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: They get to discuss us. I think we
dialog: should know about them too. We are
dialog: paying for it, and trusting them
dialog: with your care.
text: Jared winds his window up: Happy? He leans against the glass.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON INN AND SUITES - NIGHT
text: Jared and his mother schlep down the hallway. Five steps
text: behind his mother Jared’s step is heavy and tired.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON INN AND SUITES - ROOM - NIGHT
text: Jared sits on his bed as his mother showers in the bathroom -
text: Jared flips open his phone and finds the number Sarah dialed
text: two days before. He presses dial after a moment of
dialog: deliberation. Waits... Then -
scene_heading: YOUNG FEMALE VOICE
dialog: Hello? Sarah?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Sarah is that you??
dialog: 71A.
text: Jared hangs up. Soon he turns to find Nancy there
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Honey. Is everything okay?
text: He nods. She holds up the handbook. That’s when he notices
text: she has taken it from the nightstand.
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm reading it. No debate. I need
dialog: to know what’s inside of it.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I don’t see why anyone would read
dialog: it unless you absolutely had to.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON INN AND SUITES - NANCY’S ROOM
text: We push slowly toward Nancy’s room as -
speaker_heading: JARED O.S.
dialog: You can read it at night when I’m
dialog: here if you seriously want to.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There are tons of spelling errors
dialog: in it. I almost wanna mark up a
dialog: copy for them. But -
text: Nancy reads the Love In Action handbook with interest by her
text: bedside light. She frowns as we hear -
speaker_heading: JARED O.S. (CONT'D)
dialog: - that would take away the only
dialog: real enjoyment you get from reading
dialog: it. Cause, I guess, it's actually
dialog: not much fun to be there.
dialog: Whatever she has read - a rule, a task, or an ideology - it
text: troubles her. She looks across at her son.
speaker_heading: JARED O.S. (CONT'D)
dialog: At least if you turn to page ‘87'
dialog: you can enjoy that the goofball
dialog: that transcribed it was typing so
dialog: fast -
text: Nancy, remembering, guiltily turns the page to eighty-seven --
speaker_heading: JARED O.S. (CONT'D)
dialog: - he wrote ‘Dog' instead of God.
text: We read the line as Nancy’s manicured finger runs along it.
dialog: “,..and so we always come back to Dog’s true design..
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: JARED O.S. (CONT'D)
dialog: It'd be a shame to ruin the next
dialog: poor kid's fun.
text: Tight on Nancy as she smiles ruefully and whispers --
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Almighty Dog.
scene_heading: INT. THE EAMONS FAMILY HOME KITCHEN - NIGHT (FLASHBACK)
text: Nancy washes dishes. We move in on her slowly from behind.
text: The clatter of dishes. Then she stops, rock still.
text: She is crying.
text: And we pull back - there behind her on the table is Jared's
text: gaming console. It’s the night Jared declared himself.
text: She hears men entering the house and turns so we see her
text: mascara stained cheeks. She leaves the room.
text: O.S. Sounds of Nancy vomiting.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Nancy post vomit, steps up to the mirror and, redoes her eye-
text: liner. With each application she calms herself with -
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Everything. Is. Going. To. Be --
text: Hearing noise she puts on her happy voice.
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
text: One minute.
speaker_heading: JARED O.S.
dialog: Mom?
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Oh. Yes honey?
speaker_heading: 73A.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Why are Pastor Wilkes and Jim
dialog: Picard here
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: I think your father is having a
dialog: meeting.
dialog: (no point lying)
dialog: Because of that call today and what
dialog: you just told us.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Pastor Wilkes has dealt with this
dialog: kind of thing before. Jim’s son
dialog: Sam. When you were just a boy.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: What did they do to him?
text: Nancy smiles and then laughs. She embraces him.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Oh, silly. They didn’t do anything
dialog: to him. They did things for him.
dialog: Just like your father is wondering
dialog: what to do for you. To help you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You go to your room. Everything is
dialog: going to be okay. I promise.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL LANDING - NIGHT
text: Jared sits on the stairs, listening to murmured conversation
text: but not being able to hear clearly. Suddenly Marshall appears
text: at the base of the stairs.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Can we see you in the kitchen
dialog: please.
scene_heading: INT. EAMONS FAMILY KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Jared, led by his father, enters the kitchen -
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: You know Pastor Wilkes and Jim
dialog: obviously.
text: Jared says his ‘hellos’, curious about the stack of brochures
text: of a ‘Christian Nature’ that are piled on the table. The
text: L.I.A. logo of the heart in a triangle is prominent here.
text: His father seems strung out and tired, but there is a
text: paternal care and gentleness that still exists, despite
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: We have one question and then I'11l
dialog: let you sleep. It’s been a big day.
dialog: I've shared our conversation with
dialog: these two fine and trustworthy men
dialog: and asked for their guidance. Now,
dialog: we don’t have all the answers but
dialog: you hold the key to the next step.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: In your heart, do you wanna change?
dialog: Hold. It is a big question.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: And I have to be forthright here
dialog: before you answer. I don’t think
dialog: continuing to live and be part of
dialog: things at home is going to be easy
dialog: for you if the answer is ‘no.’ I
dialog: don’t wanna make that a more bitter
dialog: pill to swallow, but, if the answer
dialog: is ‘no’ then I have to be tough and
dialog: protect my needs with the ministry
dialog: taking flight and my commitment to
dialog: my whole flock.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Your mother and I can’t see a way
dialog: to have you under this roof and
dialog: attending service and working at
dialog: the dealership and driving that car
dialog: if you go against the grain of our
dialog: beliefs.
text: There it is - an ultimatum. Jared looks at his mother, who
text: can’t bear to look at him. In that moment he feels alone.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Well son?
speaker_heading: LONG Pause.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Yes. Yes, I wanna change.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: I was hoping for a quicker answer.
dialog: But, okay.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Can you be free in the morning for
dialog: your mother to take you to see Dr.
dialog: Muldoon?
dialog: (Jared frowns/nods
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: Then Pastor Wilkes has invited us
dialog: to accompany him to the jail
dialog: tomorrow.
dialog: (the Pastor’s steely look)
dialog: Take a seat -
text: They all link hands.
speaker_heading: PASTOR WILKES
dialog: Heavenly Father. Look down on us
dialog: now with your wisdom and unleash
dialog: your power for one of your flock
text: Jared, who has lost his way. We
dialog: pray Lord that you make _him pure.
text: Sound starts to fade out --
speaker_heading: PASTOR WILKES (CONT’D)
dialog: And deliver him safely back to us.
dialog: See the errors of his mind as
dialog: nothing more than what it is - a
dialog: momentary straying...
scene_heading: EXT. ARKANSAS STRIP MALL — MORNING
text: Jared and his mother walk. We follow them. Nancy puts on her
text: dark glasses. She turns to look over her shoulder, like she
dialog: is nervous they are being watched. That people know.
scene_heading: INT. DR. MULDOON’S WAITING ROOM —- MORNING
text: Jared sits in a waiting room with a couple other folk. The
text: door opens and Nancy and Dr. Beverly Muldoon (45) come out.
speaker_heading: DR. MULDOON
dialog: Jared.
dialog: (to Nancy)
dialog: I'll see him alone if that’s okay.
text: Nancy takes Jared’s seat.
scene_heading: INT. DR. MULDOON’S OFFICE - DAY
text: Jared sits opposite doctor Jane.
speaker_heading: DR. MULDOON
dialog: Your father has asked me to take
dialog: some of your blood and check for
dialog: testosterone levels Jared. Is that
dialog: okay with you
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: DR. MULDOON (CONT'D)
text: He shrugs.
text: He nods.
speaker_heading: DR. MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: You know, anything we discuss here
dialog: is just between you and me. Both
dialog: ways. I hope that’s okay?
text: She leans forward with kindness.
speaker_heading: DR. MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m in a little bind here Jared.
dialog: And I said this to your mother too.
dialog: Now I’m a religious woman no
dialog: question, but I’ve also been to
dialog: medical school. So I guess you
dialog: could say I hold science in one
dialog: hand and God in the other. And
dialog: that’s not always an easy balance.
text: Jared seems confused so she drops the round-a-bout speak.
text: On Jared.
speaker_heading: DR. MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: We won't find any answers in your
dialog: blood Jared. I wish I could say
dialog: otherwise. And then send you to the
dialog: pharmacy for a pill that will
dialog: magically fix you. But that’s not
dialog: going to happen.
speaker_heading: DR. MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m going to take your blood and I
dialog: know what it will tell me. That you
dialog: are a perfectly normal and very
dialog: healthy teenage boy. It’s not my
dialog: place to tell you your parents are
dialog: wrong. But...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: There is a different opinion - a
dialog: medical one - that says that they
dialog: are wrong. And well -
dialog: (it hangs)
dialog: What happens next is still your
dialog: choice. It may not feel that way,
dialog: but it is. That’s all.
text: Jared hears what she is saying. He’s just not sure yet
dialog: exactly what the ‘next’ is.
speaker_heading: DR. MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: Do you have any questions for me
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: DR. MULDOON (CONT'D)
text: He doesn’t. She looks at him with a maternal air and then,
text: knowing what may be ahead of him, offers him this -
speaker_heading: DR. MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: Well, just know you can call me any
dialog: time. Now or anytime in the future.
text: She slides her card writing her cell number on the back. (We
dialog: saw this card during Jared's induction into L.I.A.)
speaker_heading: DR. MULDOON (CONT’D)
dialog: Okay. Which arm you want me to
dialog: excavate?
scene_heading: INT. CAR DEALERSHIP/LUNCH ROOM - DAY
text: Jared, alone, eats. His sleeves are rolled up and a cotton
text: bud taped in the crook of his left arm. He watches -
text: Through the glass, Nancy and Marshall in conversation with
text: Big Jim. Jim heads for the lunch room.
speaker_heading: JIM
dialog: Hey pal. Your father wanted me to
dialog: show you something.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I think your mom told you about my
dialog: son Sam. Ten years ago he was in
dialog: the same spot you’re in pretty
dialog: much. Here -
text: Jared looks at the photo Jim hands him. A happy family
text: portrait. A smiling middle-aged guy, a slightly overweight
dialog: woman and their three children: a girl 8, and twin boys 5.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
text: This is him today. Happy as a clam.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Don’t know if that helps. But...
dialog: it’s all possible my friend.
text: Marshall knocks on the door. ‘Ready?’ Jim tucks the photo
text: back in his pocket, and pats Jared on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: JIM (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m rooting for ya pal.
dialog: 78A.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON - DAY
text: Jared trails Pastor Wilkes and Marshall as they go through
dialog: the prison security check
dialog: 79.
text: . A big multi-bag of peanut M&M’s gets scanned along with
text: three King James Bibles and pamphlets.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Candy to anyone who can recite at
text: least two verses from the bible.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If a want for candy tricks them
dialog: into finding truth in the gospel,
dialog: then -- We have to appeal to their
dialog: lower natures before we can appeal
dialog: to their higher ones.
text: Jared nods. Marshall, seeing Jared's fear, offers hima
text: reassuring pat on the shoulder.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON HALLWAY - DAY
text: Jared, terrified and wary, stands carrying the M&M bags. He
text: watches as his father consoles a prisoner with truly great
text: compassion. Then he hears his name called. Pastor Wilkes
text: needs a bag of M&M’s. Jared steps closer to the cell he is
text: in, trying not to make eye contact with the prisoner.
speaker_heading: PASTOR WILKES
dialog: This is where the fallen land. You
dialog: see? Look around you son.
scene_heading: INT. MARSHALL'S CAR - DAY
text: Marshall and Jared approach the car. Marshall eats M&M’s.
text: Then hands the bag to Jared, who is still deep in memory of
text: the pastor’s warning. They get in -
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: You going to stay for dinner? Or --
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I should probably make a start
dialog: today.
text: Hold. Marshall puts his hand on Jared’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: We'll get through this son.
text: Then Marshall turns on the radio: Credence Clearwater revival
text: blasts out: There’s a Bad Moon on the Rise
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. JARED'S CAR/HIGHWAY - DAY
text: Jared on the side of the highway, where people only usually
text: stop because their car has broken down. He is in the midst of
dialog: a_ panic attack: trying to regulate his breathing.
dialog: 
text: He gets out and closes the door, leaning against the car. He
text: manages to calm himself a little.
text: VRrrrmmm. The sounds of trucks racing past by catches his
text: attention. Soon he steps forward, until -
dialog: 
dialog: He is very close to the edge. Might he just step forward and
text: solve all his problems on the grill of a speeding semi? One
text: driver HONKS a warning. Finally -
text: Jared walks back to the car, kicking out at the side mirror,
text: breaking it. He gets back in the car and starts the ignition.
text: His complicated life must keep going.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON INN AND SUITES - MORNING (PRESENT)
text: Nancy wakes up. She looks around. Jared is gone.
text: On his freshly made bed, she finds a note -
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Decided to walk x c u @ 5. Sorry I
dialog: was mean.
text: She finds a screwed up paper on the floor and unfurls it.
speaker_heading: PAPER
dialog: ‘Moral Inventory.’ ‘Henry’ and
dialog: ‘Xavier.’
text: Henry has been scratched out. Nancy seems concerned. She
text: moves to the bed and covers herself entirely with the sheet.
dialog: Hold.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - MORNING
text: Jared walks along the gravelled edge of the highway. He reads
text: a handful of pages, rehearsing for his Moral Inventory.
text: Then - A pick-up pulls next to him. Jon’s brother's car.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: Yo. Need a ride?
dialog: 80A.
text: Jared sees Jon’s brother in the driver’s seat, eyes front
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Thanks, but I got a little while. I
dialog: thought I'd walk. Looking through
dialog: my stuff for today.
text: Jon understands: ‘Okay.’ The pick-up pushes on. Then -—
text: Up ahead, it slows and stops. Then Jon gets out, slamming the
text: door. His brother blasts the horn and completes a screeching
text: U-turn as Jon walks toward Jared. Shrugs it off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PATHWAY/PARK - DAY
text: Jared and Jon have taken a short cut through a park. Jared
text: waits as Jon finishes peeing behind an old abandoned car.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: So, I got all these feelings in me,
text: obviously. Toward men and so on.
dialog: Have since I was thirteen or so.
dialog: But I never did anything about it.
dialog: Then, when I got older and
dialog: discovered booze, I’d get real
dialog: drunk and I’d let my guard down.
dialog: Basically I’d wrestle guys and
dialog: fight just to get the contact ina
dialog: way that seemed okay. But, you
dialog: know, people started to notice and
dialog: talk. Guess I’d go too far too
dialog: often.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Then, one party, I get real drunk,
dialog: I mean like super crazy drunk and,
text: while a bunch of people are
text: cheering me and watching me wrestle
dialog: this kid, I kiss this dude, like
text: full on, on the mouth.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I think in my haze I thought it was
dialog: okay ‘cause I figured it would look
text: like a domination over a kid
dialog: everyone was already suspect over.
text: Jared listens, deeply curious.
speaker_heading: JON (CONT'D)
dialog: Then I guess, I realized in the
dialog: moment how it looked to everyone
dialog: and I tried to start the wrestling
dialog: charade again
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 81a.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: JON (CONT'D)
dialog: .- But when I saw it wasn’t working,
dialog: I had to do something and so --
dialog: (He sighs deeply)
dialog: I really started to whale on this
dialog: kid... like choked him out and beat
dialog: his face in... like bad, bad, bad,
dialog: bad, bad. Bad.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And when it was done I remember I
dialog: stood up all messy, and put my fist
text: in the air like I’d just won at the
dialog: U.F.C or something whack... and I
dialog: was waiting for the cheers, and --
dialog: Jared waits - walks -
dialog: Pause.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: JON (CONT'D)
dialog: Everyone's faces were like... dead
dialog: still. Like -‘What the fuck just
dialog: happened! ?!?'
speaker_heading: JON (CONT'D)
dialog: I haven't been home since.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm sorry for it. But it’s also
dialog: what got me to where I am. So...
speaker_heading: JON (CONT'D)
dialog: And I’m committed, I’m not here to
dialog: waste anyone’s time, don’t get me
dialog: wrong, but -
dialog: (beat)
dialog: - I am what I am. I don’t think
dialog: there is any changing me and my
dialog: thoughts and whatnot. But I do know
dialog: by staying off the drink and making
dialog: certain choices, I can just choke
dialog: that side of me away. Put it aside.
dialog: There is a difference. Whether you
dialog: can actually change or just choose
dialog: different things.
text: Jared absorbs this. Jon knows he can’t change. He just
text: believes he can put his desires in a drawer.
speaker_heading: JON (CONT'D)
dialog: Haven’t touched another guy since.
dialog: That’s why I don’t even shake hands
dialog: you know. I’ve just decided that’s
dialog: it for me. Whatever it takes
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: JON (CONT'D)
text: Jon kicks a rock.
speaker_heading: JON (CONT'D)
dialog: What you got?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What’s your big crazy story?
text: Jared absorbs what he has on his meager pages...
speaker_heading: JON (CONT'D)
dialog: Sykes’s gonna decide you know,
dialog: based on what you say today,
dialog: whether you stay another month,
dialog: three months, six. A year.
text: Finally, Jared stops.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I don’t really have a crazy story.
dialog: We, ah, probably shouldn’t walk in
dialog: together.
text: And they walk in silence for some time --
scene_heading: EXT. L.I.A. HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Jared approaches to see Sykes on the steps conferring with
text: two OLDER MEN. One, a striking man with silver hair and sharp
text: features and, a shiny-bald stocky man. Both in their fifties.
text: Sykes sees Jared.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Today's going to run a little
dialog: differently. I’1l be inside soon.
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. MAIN AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: There is trash bag in the center of the room and, from it,
text: the members of the group are trying on black and dark-blue
text: blazer coats as instructed by Michael and Aaron.
speaker_heading: JON
dialog: What’s going on Michael?
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Sykes can tell you. Try this on.
text: Jon and Jared try on coats. They are handed ties too as -
text: Sykes enters looking troubled
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: SYKES
text: Everybody sit down. Michael. Aaron.
dialog: You can start on the windows.
text: Jared sees a MASSIVE roll of black material. Duct tape etc...
text: He wonders: “what the hell is going on?!?”
text: And then the door opens and a couple of STAFF lug a funeral
text: casket into the room. Aaron runs to help.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay. We haven’t got much time and
dialog: I need your help.
text: Sykes signs for the casket. Then he turns to the group.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s been a situation with
dialog: Cameron overnight.
dialog: Everyone sinks. Is Cameron dead?!?!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: Cameron has broken some serious
dialog: rules and in conference with his
dialog: father and their church elders,
dialog: we've decided to offer hima
text: chance. To shock him into recovery.
text: Jared is confused.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: Today Cameron is going to choose to
dialog: be dead to his life and to his
dialog: family or to truly surrender.
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. MAIN AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: The room is now cast in darkness, the windows blacked out.
text: Candles flicker and dim lamps otherwise illuminate the room.
text: The centerpiece is the casket. Slivers of sun infiltrate.
text: Jared, Simon, Jon, Carl... all are in attendance.
text: Jared looks across to a handful of NEW PEOPLE: CAMERON’S
text: FAMILY and CLOSE FRIENDS: An OLDER BROTHER and SISTER. And
text: TWO YOUNGER SIBLINGS. The two younger ones are confused and
text: are teary-eyed. CAMERON’S MOTHER also attends along with
text: Cameron’s LOCAL MINISTER (the balding man we saw earlier.)
text: Plus a couple of FOOTBALL TEAMMATES, along with their COACH.
dialog: 84a.
text: Sykes enters. He gestures for everyone to stand. He grabs a
text: chair and sets it down beside the casket, facing the group
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Here?
text: The BALD MAN nods approval. Sykes is not in control here.
text: Then a knock at the door alerts him --
text: Sykes opens the door. Cameron, BLINDFOLDED, is led by his
text: FATHER and Rev. Neil, the silver haired man.
text: Jared looks deeply concerned: It looks more backyard,
text: improvised and pagan-like than truly Christian.
text: Brandon starts a classic funeral dirge on the Hi-fi system:
dialog: OPUS 35 - Chopin.
text: Cameron is taken to his seat by the casket. They unmask him
text: and, when he sees his family gathered together plus the
text: casket, his weeping deepens. Understandably, he is scared.
text: Jared squirms.
speaker_heading: REVEREND NEIL
dialog: Sadly, we are gathered here today
dialog: to say farewell to our son, our
dialog: brother and friend Cameron Van
dialog: Huessen who, by his own making,
dialog: last night fell prey to Satan’s
text: wishes, falling farther away from
dialog: God.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But, the Heavenly Father in the
dialog: wisdom of his mercy hasn't had his
dialog: last word on this boy’s soul -
dialog: Jared watches as --
text: -- Music starts drowning out the ‘service.’ The beatific -_
dialog: Moonlight Sonata by Beethoven.
dialog: ----- as it plays, we see -----
text: Various images in slow motion to the music.
text: - Cameron wraps himself in his big arms and folds over. Sykes
text: attends him, holding him in place.
text: - Cameron's sisters hug each other.
text: - The bald Minister opens the coffin as Cameron is led there
text: by Sykes and Rev. Neil. A pantomime where the message is
text: clear. Does Cameron want to DIE or BE REBORN.
dialog: 85A.
text: - Cameron shakes his head fervently. He doesn't want to die
dialog: 86.
text: - They crowd around Cameron, offering an ultimatum. He nods
text: his head, still in tears, fully submitting.
text: - Sykes gestures to Aaron and Michael who rip the black
text: material off the walls letting the light in.
text: - Cameron kneels, eyes shut, hands up, surrendering himself.
text: Rev. Neil places a hand on Cameron's head. In a wild, jolting
text: gesture he PUSHES to CAST the demons out.
text: - Others join him, doing the same.
text: - Cameron's Father pushes Cameron's head aggressively.
text: Cameron falls backwards to the ground.
text: - Cameron's brother is handed a bible. He strikes Cameron
text: with it. Cameron's anguished face as he rolls over, tears
dialog: streaming.
dialog: - Various people are encouraged to strike Cameron with bibles
text: and other books. Harder and harder they strike.
text: - Later: Cameron vomits in a trash can held by Brandon. Rev.
text: Neil brings him back to his knees.
text: - Jon is handed a bible. He stands, Jared watching him.
text: - Jon strikes Cameron with the bible.
text: - Cameron stands with the help of those around him. His
text: sisters are close.
text: The music carries through -
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY/STREETS — LATER
text: - Cameron walks the street, propped up by his father and
text: others. The full congregation snakes behind.
text: Jared is right up the back. Sarah near him. They share a
dialog: look.
text: - They walk up the path toward a house: New Hope House. The
dialog: Men’s ‘long stay’ house we have been hearing of. Follow into -
scene_heading: INT. NEW HOPE HOUSE - DAY
text: Seen, through Jared's P.O.V.: A suburban house with all doors
text: removed and closed circuit surveillance cameras in the corner
text: of EACH ROOM. HE notices, as they pass -
speaker_heading: 86A.
text: The ONLY DOOR in the house. It has two PADLOCKS securing it.
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: INT. NEW HOPE HOUSE, BATHROOM -— DAY
text: Jared watches through the crowd as Cameron is placed in the
text: basic shower bath-tub of the small bathroom.
text: There he is baptized with his father and mother close,
text: encouraged by Rev. Neil to place their hands on him.
text: His big body shudders and his strong arms reach out for the
text: water. Like a massive baby. Full surrender.
text: Jared watches mute.
dialog: The only thing that makes this even remotely bearable is that
text: Cameron, seems ecstatic and accepting of his REBIRTH. His
text: arms clawing for God, reaching for a loving embrace.
text: Beethoven's music underpins the whole horrible, beautiful
dialog: scene.
dialog: 
text: Jared sees Sykes on the edge of the action, involved but not
text: really. Jared turns to go, unable to watch anymore.
text: Interestingly, Sykes doesn't try and stop him. But -
text: Jon does. He grabs for Jared's arm. Jared shakes him off.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW HOPE HOUSE, HALLWAY - DAY
text: Jared moves into the hall, escaping the horror. He is alone.
speaker_heading: GARY O.S.
dialog: Starting to see it for what it is?
text: Gary is standing by the corner.
speaker_heading: GARY
text: They catch him with another boy in
dialog: a steam room and what do they do?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You seem smart. You want my advice?
dialog: Tell them everything they need to
dialog: hear and play the part. You’re up
dialog: any day now. Let them know you’re
dialog: understanding your mistakes,
dialog: getting better, that it’s working.
dialog: Think all my stories and my tears
dialog: were real? ‘Fake it to make it’.
dialog: None of this is going to help any.
dialog: The sooner you are out of here and
dialog: home the better.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 87A.
speaker_heading: GARY (CONT'D)
dialog: And the sooner we are all out of
dialog: home and somewhere else the better -
dialog: (that hangs
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: GARY (CONT'D)
dialog: You don’t want to end up at one of
dialog: these houses for any amount of
dialog: time. I’ve heard the stories and
dialog: they are not good.
text: A muffled chorus and shout comes from the bathroom.
speaker_heading: GARY (CONT’D)
dialog: Unless you really think you can
dialog: change. Or want to.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON INN AND SUITES - NIGHT
dialog: The music continues as -
text: Jared walks the hall with his mother. Seen from behind they
text: walk away and enter the room, leaving an empty hallway. Hold.
text: And the music ends on a deep base note -
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. MEMPHIS MOTEL MILE - NIGHT
text: Jared runs, exorcising the days events. Hood up, he pounds
text: the pavement past the various motels. The rushing oncoming
text: cars WHOOSH past like his dark thoughts.
text: Later: As he passes a bus shelter he comes to a stop. A strip
text: mall in the background. Not a soul about. He takes a seat on
text: a bench to catch his breath and when he looks back he sees -
text: On the outside of the bus shelter: a beatific advertising
text: image of a SHIRTLESS GUY, lit and inviting. Jared looks away
text: but something draws him back. His nature.
text: Then, something fierce wells up in him, and he gets up as if
text: he is looking around for something. Leaves frame. Hold. We
text: hear noises of effort.
text: He soon returns with a heavy paving stone. He is about to
text: launch the missile at the advertising image. However --
text: On the approach, the poster slides to the NEXT ad... a woman
text: in a swim suit. It railroads his intentions.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Arghhhh.
text: He throws the paver anyway and it bounces off the Perspex
text: shield, doing minimal damage. He sits down drained. Defeated
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: Fuck.
dialog: (turning skyward)
dialog: Fuck you. I hate you. Fuck you.
speaker_heading: FUUUUUUCK!
text: He waits. Nothing. Then -—
text: The advertising image slides back, to the beatific male
text: image. But, now buckled by the assault, its mechanism falters
text: and sticks halfway. We move in on Jared. Recognition. Memory.
text: The man, the face, albeit obscured with fracture glass,
text: reminds him of something. Someone.
scene_heading: SNAP TO BLACK:
scene_heading: INT./EXT. JARED'S CAR/COLLEGE DORM BUILDING - LATE
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON (FLASHBACK)
text: Jared parks the car. He is dressed as he was the day of the
dialog: prison visit. The day he had his panic attack on the highway
dialog: and had thoughts of suicide. We know this too because when he
text: gets out, he inspects the freshly broken side window.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. COLLEGE DORM BUILDING - EARLY EVENING
text: Jared lugs his overnight bag, dragging his feet. Depleted.
text: He lumbers past a bulletin board, then stops. Backs up.
text: An image of Christ. It’s a western depiction of Jesus where
dialog: the man himself could have signed with a California modeling
text: agency. The words ‘God vs. Science’ pop out.
text: He steps closer and takes the flyer in his hands. It is
text: advertising for a college art exhibition.
scene_heading: EXT. JARED’S DORM ROOM 346 - NIGHT
text: Jared unlocks his room. He notices, behind him, TWO STUDENTS
dialog: whisper gossip about him. Has word gotten around somehow?
text: Then he looks into the room -
scene_heading: INT. JARED’S DORM ROOM 346 - NIGHT
text: Inside, his room has been trashed. He enters cautiously.
dialog: 890.
text: Then he stops - Just above his bunk bed mattress is a crudely
text: spray-painted message: ‘DIE HOMO.
dialog: 90.
text: - He corrects a fallen chair and finds a bottle of wine.
text: - Room fixed up, Jared sits on his bed holding the bottle. He
text: turns over the flyer in his hands then puts it aside. He
text: opens the bottle sniffing the booze: ‘Die Fag’ behind him.
scene_heading: INT. LYON CAMPUS, ARTS BUILDING FOYER - NIGHT
text: A section of the Fine Arts building turned gallery space.
text: People mill about. A decent crowd. Jared steps into frame.
text: He raises a glass of wine to his lips. He is staring at -
text: The Mormon style image of Jesus. The same ultra-color Blonde
text: depiction as the flyer. The actual artwork is five feet by
text: six. HUGE. We see that in Jesus’s hand is an image of a CELL
text: PHONE. It’s controversial in a playful way.
text: To Jared it is distasteful and somewhat irrelevant. Trite. He
text: turns and places his drink down and suddenly stops, seeing --
text: A BEAUTIFUL BOY (20), gesturing to a small group about an
text: image: MARY. Arms in offering, a Virtual Reality system on
text: her face. Someone in the group shakes his hands in
text: congratulations, and he nods humbly in thanks. This is the
text: ARTIST. Xavier.
text: Jared is transfixed. Not by the image, but by Xavier.
text: And then Xavier catches him and looks right back. He steps in
text: front of the image so that he appears Jesus-like. Divine:
text: Mary's offering arms seem to be his.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Jared does not turn away. Xavier gestures ‘cheers’ with his
text: wine and moves away. Jared keeps staring.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Jared walks an expansive hallway alone. Soon -
text: Xavier comes into frame, following. Then he takes the lead.
dialog: 90A.
scene_heading: INT. XAVIER'S STUDIO ROOM - NIGHT
text: They walk in together. As the door closes the music stops
dialog: gl.
text: There is minimal improvised and eclectic furniture in this
text: studio space. Beyond it Jared can see at the far end, a bed
text: room lit by warm lamp light.
text: Xavier puts on Otis Redding - Change is Gonna Come. Vinyl.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: XAVIER O.S
dialog: I’m having some wine. Do you want
dialog: some more?
text: When Xavier speaks he has a slight European accent: French.
dialog: Swiss? It is hard to tell.
text: Jared looks around at the motley pictures hanging: Subversive
dialog: religious images; magazine cut-outs, plus; sketches of people
text: and shapes. Curated by a novice, yet somehow captivating.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Where are you from Xavier?
speaker_heading: XAVIER O.S
dialog: I lived in thirteen countries
dialog: before I left high school. Born in
dialog: Vienna. Ended up in Canada. Now
dialog: here.
text: He approaches with a red wine. Jared takes it.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Do you believe in God?
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Serious.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Why is that serious?
text: Jared is buoyed by drink. It is a bold side of him we have
dialog: never seen. Perhaps some things are possible with booze that
dialog: otherwise are not, as we may remember from Jon’s tale.
dialog: Like with that - this encounter should carry an edge that
dialog: carries the possibility of that same danger.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you believe in God or not? Your
dialog: whole art thing is --
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: I do. I was raised with religion
dialog: and I question it, but I still
dialog: believe in God
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: XAVIER (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Who created the earth?
dialog: Xavier laughs. That’s a BIG question?
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: You like a little small talk, huh?
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I don’t think you can believe in
dialog: science and religion equally.
text: Xavier frowns, not ready to engage in the seriousness.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t you think you have to pick a
dialog: side? Don’t they cancel each other
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Well, paper beats rock. Then no one
dialog: can believe in God.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Because science has shown itself
dialog: and God has not.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Sure he has.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Not all the time. Science shows
dialog: itself all the time. It’s always
dialog: around us developing. Does God show
dialog: himself enough? Where is He?
dialog: (off Jared's expression)
dialog: Wait till you really suffer.
text: Jared seems to be getting either angry now or emotional. He
text: may lash out, physically OR sexually... or totally crumble.
dialog: It is hard to tell.
text: Xavier walks away.
text: When he comes back, he has a joint. He lights it. Jared has
dialog: never been this close to drugs.
speaker_heading: XAVIER (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you believe in the devil?
dialog: 92a.
text: Jared's silence is a yes
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: XAVIER (CONT'D)
dialog: Does he look like me?
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Because he also doesn’t show
dialog: himself.
text: Jared surprises us by taking the joint. He takes a toke.
text: After a long beat.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: You know Job? From the Bible.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Not personally.
text: Jared sees the humor in it.
speaker_heading: XAVIER (CONT'D)
dialog: I hear he’s not great company.
dialog: Always complaining.
text: Jared cracks up. Then gets real. He has to make his point.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I imagine I’m him sometimes. That
dialog: God and the Devil are having a bet
dialog: over me. That one day he’1ll show
dialog: himself to me and let me in on the
dialog: experiment he was having to test
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: You just summed it all up.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: People hoping someone is watching
dialog: over them. That hard times are part
dialog: of a design.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I think we are our own test. Our
dialog: own judgement. Our own god. Meaning
dialog: I think he is in us. All of us. Not
text: somewhere watching and hiding.
text: Jared thinks about this.
speaker_heading: XAVIER (CONT'D)
dialog: Stay with me.
dialog: 93A.
text: Jared is not flinching
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: XAVIER (CONT'D)
dialog: Nothing needs to happen. I swear.
dialog: Nothing from Jared.
speaker_heading: XAVIER (CONT'D)
dialog: I’1ll prove to you that God won’t
dialog: strike you down.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: What if you are the devil?
speaker_heading: XAVIER
dialog: Then you are too.
text: He backs away.
speaker_heading: XAVIER O.S.
dialog: We are the same. I could be you or
dialog: you could be me.
text: Soon, Jared looks back for the door, but instead he watches
text: Xavier who disappears into the warm glow of his bedroom den.
scene_heading: INT. XAVIER'S BEDROOM DEN - NIGHT
text: From above, Jared and Xavier lie down. The music filters in
text: from the other room.
text: They look at each other.
text: They hold hands. And that’s it.
scene_heading: INT. XAVIER'S DEN - MORNING
text: Jared wakes up to full sunlight. Xavier is facing him asleep.
text: Jared looks down. They are still holding hands, and still
text: fully clothed. Jared slowly releases his hand from Xavier's.
text: He stares for some time then finally moves out of frame.
scene_heading: INT. ARKANSAS STREET - DAY
text: Jared walks the street and lifts his phone to his ear.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Dad. I’m ready. I’m coming home.
dialog: I’1ll go wherever you need me to
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
scene_heading: EXT. LYON COLLEGE, LAKE PONTOON - DAY
text: Jared naked from the waist up.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Please Lord, make me pure.
text: And falls backward, right into the icy college lake. His
text: clothes left piled on the shore nearby.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON INN AND SUITES, BATHROOM - NIGHT (PRESENT)
text: Jared, dripping wet, stands before the mirror in his running
text: gear, staring at himself. The shower runs in the B.G. Then we
text: realize that he is looking at a card. It is the business card
text: of Dr. Beverly Muldoon. He turns it over in his hands.
text: Contemplating. Phone poised he actually starts to dial. Then
text: he thinks better of it and takes off his shirt, walking into
dialog: the steam.
scene_heading: INT. HAMPTON INN AND SUITES HALLWAY - MORNING
text: Behind: Nancy, in her Jackie O’s, and Jared walk the hall.
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. HALLWAY - DAY
text: Behind: Jared walks the L.I.A. hallway.
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. MAIN AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: Jared sits in his chair, clutching his papers and handbook, a
text: purposeful steely look in on his face. He looks across and -
text: Cameron slowly eases himself into an empty seat. He
text: acknowledges no one and sits, arms across his massive torso.
text: Sykes moves to his podium.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: I don’t know about y’all, but today
dialog: I feel invigorated. I feel hopeful
dialog: that so much is possible.
text: Jared steals a look at Cameron. Cameron does not seem to be
text: sharing the same vigor. He seems truly sunk.
dialog: 95A.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: Cameron. How do you feel
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: I feel great, Sir.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Do you feel the true presence of
dialog: God in your heart?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: It feels great don’t it?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Yes sir. It does for sure.
text: Jared catches Gary’s eye. A shared skepticism. Then he
text: catches Jon’s eye, but Jared turns away almost coldly. Things
text: have shifted between the two of them. Broken.
speaker_heading: SYKES O.S.
dialog: Ready when you are, Jared.
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. MAIN AUDITORIUM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jared's hands squeeze his papers for his Moral Inventory.
text: We hold on Jared's face through --
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I had thoughts of men.
dialog: (beat)
text: Boys at school. On T.V. On the
dialog: street. In my imagination. At
dialog: college I held the hand of a boy
dialog: and I stayed through the night. In
dialog: his bed.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: For these thoughts and this action,
dialog: for which I felt regretful, I -
speaker_heading: SYKES O.S.
dialog: Hold on. And..?
text: The faces of others. Of Jon. Aaron filming.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I never... I stayed the night with
dialog: the boy from college but we never
dialog: did anything more. That’s the only
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Come on Jared. Don’t hide your
dialog: sins. God sees everything. What
dialog: else?
text: Jared stews. He really is telling the truth. What happened
dialog: with Henry was Henry’s sin.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I lied on my Genogram. My uncle
dialog: Chris wasn’t an alcoholic.
text: Sykes sighs.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s true. How do you know?
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: You want to waste everyone’s time?
speaker_heading: JARED SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m not. And mock everyone who has got
dialog: up here being honest and
dialog: brave.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I could make something up. Is that
dialog: what you want me to do? Isn’t that
dialog: a sin too?
text: He eyeballs Sykes. A new strength of defiance.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: If thoughts are a sin, I ask God’s
dialog: forgiveness for that, but I’m not
dialog: making anything up.
text: On Sykes. He eyes Jared: It seems like a stand off.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Okay then.
text: He moves off to get the lie chair. He sets it down in front
text: of Jared. And places another chair beside Jared.
speaker_heading: SYKES 0O.S
dialog: There’s your father. Sit down.
text: Jared sits, albeit reluctantly.
speaker_heading: 97A.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Tell him how he’s affected you.
dialog: Tell him how angry you are
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: (hold)
dialog: Tell him you hate him for --
text: Jared stands back up again.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: Sit down.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: But, I’m not angry and I -
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Yes you are -
speaker_heading: JARED SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: - he’s done things that upset - you are angry and -
dialog: me and he’s let me down, but -
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Why do I have to be angry?
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Sit down Jared. Sit.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I’m not a dog.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And I don’t think anyone is
dialog: responsible for me. So -
text: Jared continues to hold his ground.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t see how it’s going to help.
dialog: Picking someone to blame or hate.
dialog: Pretending we’re angry at someone.
dialog: (to Aaron)
dialog: Can you stop filming me -
text: Aaron, tracking him, does not stop filming.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t hate anyone.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Then why all this anger -
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Because, you are making me angry.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Then use it
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: You are not listening to me.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: No! Stop!! You are not listening to
dialog: him! You are not taking this
dialog: seriously.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I am taking it seriously.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: You're not. You're pathetic, and a
dialog: liar. And you don’t wanna change at
dialog: all. He doesn’t want to change -
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I do. I am. I just don’t agree. I’m
dialog: not going to pretend to be angry. I
dialog: love my father.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: I don’t think you do.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: You don’t know me. You are all
dialog: crazy. All of you.
text: Tina’s jaw is wide open. Gary smirks. Cameron is raising his
dialog: eyebrows.
text: Jared moves a few steps toward the door.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Where are you going? You’re not
dialog: going anywhere until --
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: You're in my chair. There you go. I
dialog: hate you. But how does that help?
text: Jared is starting to breath heavily. Panic.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: I really want to go.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Just take a minute.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I mean, how does any of this help?
dialog: It’s crazy.
speaker_heading: 99A.
text: And he walks out
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: EXT. L.I.A. HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: The office door is locked. He knocks. Panic rising.
text: Sykes comes from the main auditorium. He is oscillating
dialog: between tender and hard tactics. Tender it is -
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Jared? Son?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Don’t open -
text: A FEMALE CLERK opens the door. Jared moves past.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I want my things.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: We'll get your things, just come
dialog: back and have a talk with me first.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I want my things now. And I want -—
text: Jared just walks around and opens a drawer and finds various
text: bags of people’s belongings. At one stage Michael rushes in
text: and tries to intervene and Jared scuffles with him.
text: Finally, Jared finds his bag and grabs his cell phone from
text: it. He leaves the room -
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Sykes blocks his way to the exit. Jared retreats.
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. MEN'S BATHROOM —- MOMENTS LATER
text: Jared storms into the bathroom and finds a stall and locks
text: himself in. His breath is short now. Panicked.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: Mom. It’s me. I need your help.
dialog: Come get me please. Like now.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Please. I’m in trouble.
text: He waits. For a long time there is silence. Then voices on
text: the other side of the door. Soon the door opens.
dialog: 100A.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: Go away
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Jared?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Jared.
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Michael, get Brandon.
text: Jared is scared now. Shit. He has to get out.
dialog: 101.
dialog: He prepares
text: himself and then storms out past Sykes back into --
scene_heading: INT. L.I.A. HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Jared's way to the exit is blocked by Brandon
text: Behind Jared are the other group members, all
dialog: help or comment in any way. It’s a stand off:
text: side, blocking the exit. Clients on the other
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I wanna leave, okay? Please.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: You are just having a rough moment.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: ‘A moment?!’ A moment?
dialog: and Aaron.
dialog: too scared to
dialog: staff on one
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: SYKES JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: Steady on. I know it feels - I don’t wanna talk. I wanna
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: SYKES JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t want you to. I read the rules and none of
dialog: them say you can stop me from
dialog: leaving.
text: Sykes turns to Brandon. Mutters something. It’
dialog: s certain he is
text: asking Brandon to use his muscle to contain Jared.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: And if you or anyone puts their
dialog: hands on me. I have witnesses.
dialog: (phone rings)
dialog: Mom? Where are you? If I put him on
dialog: they might take the phone.
dialog: (listens)
dialog: How far away?
text: Heavy screeching outside and a minor collision. Then a door
dialog: slam and -
dialog: 101A.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Jared!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
text: Heavy POUNDING comes from the other side of the exit door.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NANCY O.S.
speaker_heading: (breathless and LOUD)
dialog: JARED!!! Honey? What’s happening?
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Mom!! They won’t let me out.
speaker_heading: NANCY O.S.
dialog: What!? Why? Who’s there with you?!
text: Sykes walks toward the door. Jared tries to too but Brandon
text: blocks his way.
speaker_heading: SYKES
text: Jared is having a moment born out
text: of a role-play task. He thinks he
dialog: wants to go because it brought up
dialog: some issues for him but I think
dialog: it’s best for his development that
dialog: he doesn’t --
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: No. That’s not... Mom? Tell him he
text: has to open the door.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: I’1l call Mr. Eamons, and you and I
dialog: and Jared can all sit down to --
speaker_heading: NANCY O.S.
dialog: Who exactly am I speaking to?
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: This is Victor Sykes. We spoke on
dialog: the phone a few weeks back.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Missus Eamons. I think the thing to
dialog: understand here --
speaker_heading: NANCY O.S.
dialog: Open the door Mr. Sykes. Now!
dialog: Before I call the police.
text: Hold. Jared waits. Sykes remains unmoved.
text: Then Cameron steps forward.
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Open the door.
dialog: 102A.
text: It’s a HUGE moment: Cameron rebelling. He moves forward and -
dialog: 103.
text: Puts his MASSIVE FRAME between Brandon and Jared, challenging
text: the tough guy who once belittled him.
speaker_heading: CAMERON (CONT’D)
text: He wants to leave.
text: Hold. Brandon stands his ground. But then something shifts.
text: He knows, in this moment, he is the weaker of the two men.
speaker_heading: NANCY O.S.
dialog: Jared!?
speaker_heading: CAMERON
dialog: Come on.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: We're coming.
text: Cameron escorts Jared all the way to the exit door.
text: Sykes too steps aside, having been overpowered by forces on
text: both sides, allowing Cameron to open the door,
text: The reveal of Nancy is AMAZING. She wears sweats and no make-—
text: up or jewelry. This is what Nancy looks like when she doesn’t
text: have to present. The real her. Naturally beautiful.
text: Jared shakes Cameron’s hand and then hugs him tight: Thanks.
text: He eyeballs Sykes: ‘You got a problem with this?’
text: Now Jared joins Nancy as they start to move for the door.
text: Then she turns sharply -
speaker_heading: NANCY O.S.
dialog: What actual qualifications do you
dialog: have Mr. Sykes? I never asked.
dialog: Hold. Great question. It hangs.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Are you a doctor? A psychologist? A
dialog: real proper one?
dialog: Nothing --
speaker_heading: NANCY O.S.
dialog: Just as I thought. Shame on you.
dialog: Shame on you.
text: It’s true. No disputing it. Nancy and Jared continue to exit
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: EXT. L.I.A. HEADQUARTERS - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jared and Nancy walk fast from the door to the car.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: They following?
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Don’t look at me. I’m a mess.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You said hurry.
text: They get in the car. And they drive away as fast as Nancy
dialog: will drive. Maybe one spin of the tires.
dialog: Music starts -
scene_heading: INT. THE PEABODY HOTEL, MEMPHIS —- EARLY EVENING
text: Jared sits alone in the affluent, green and cream dining hall
text: of the famous hotel. It is early and almost empty.
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I’m not sure if I’m staying or
dialog: going.
text: Then Nancy arrives. Jared waits expectantly. She is done up
text: again now, albeit a conservative version of herself.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Your father wants you to go back.
text: Hold. We can see Jared's crest fall. Nancy sits.
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
dialog: I told him... we’ll see him at
dialog: home. I told him you are not going
dialog: back.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That night Pastor Wilkes and Jim
dialog: came to the house?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Those men decided what to do with
dialog: you, and I just fell into line like
dialog: I usually do. Sometimes they say
dialog: you gotta hurt a child in order to
dialog: help them
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 104A.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
dialog: . And that may be so with some
dialog: things, but a mother knows when
dialog: something isn’t right, and I knew
dialog: in my bones it wasn’t hurting to
dialog: help. I was just letting you down
dialog: and I kept my mouth shut. I’11
dialog: always regret that.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So I’m going to do a different
dialog: thing now I have a chance. I'1l
dialog: handle your father. He can fall
dialog: into line with me for a change.
text: Jared allows his mother’s embrace. Now she lifts the mood.
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
dialog: I bet this hotel is “off limits?”
dialog: Out of the “safe zone.”
text: He smiles at her use of the L.I.A. jargon.
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
dialog: We may as well have a drink.
dialog: (small laugh)
dialog: One of my ideas, one of my many
dialog: ideas, that I know would have made
dialog: a lot of money... ‘Minister’s Wives
dialog: Gone Wild.’
text: She gets up heroically, not an ounce of fear, and turns as if
dialog: the brave should follow the brave - ‘come on’
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Let’s go to the bar.
text: Jared smiles and stands, buoyed by her support.
scene_heading: INT. EAMONS FAMILY HOME - DINING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Jared and his mother and father eat.
dialog: Given what's happened you would think that there would be
text: much discussion. Instead there is none. Maybe it’s already
dialog: been had. Maybe it is to come. Or maybe not.
text: Finally, Marshall takes his plate and leaves. Nancy and Jared
text: share a look, and she keeps eating unperturbed.
dialog: Music continues
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: INT. JARED'S ROOM/EAMONS LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Jared sits on his bed. He unzips his L.I.A. bag. He raises
text: his white shirt. Throws it in the trash. Behind him now as he
text: unpacks, we hear _a doorbell ring. He turns to register it but
text: doesn’t pay too much mind. Moments later he hears a knock at
dialog: his door.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: (knocking)
dialog: Honey.
dialog: Jared turns -—
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you know a boy by the name of
dialog: Cameron Van Huessen?
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Is he here?
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: No honey. That’s a sheriff. He’s
dialog: come to ask you some questions.
dialog: Apparently this Cameron boy killed
dialog: himself today.
text: The world drops away. And much like Cameron's fake funeral,
text: we absorb his death in a similar fashion: slowly --
text: -- Jared sits to talk to a young sheriff. The sheriff takes
text: Jared's statement. Behind the sheriff -
text: -- Jared sees him father move away up.
text: -- The Sheriff is seen to the door and the whole family
text: disperses into separate rooms.
text: - Jared walks into his room. He turns and sees his father
text: watching him. Jared closes his door.
scene_heading: SNAP TO BLACK:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: FADE TO BLACK
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: EXT. BROOKLYN STREETS - NIGHT (THREE YEARS LATER)
text: We follow Jared. A black coat. If it isn’t apparent, it will
text: be as we take in his profile, and then his face full frontal
text: as he turns the corner, that it is a few years later.
text: It’s not so much that he has aged. More that he wears a new
text: confidence that wasn’t apparent before. Under his arm he
text: carries a six pack of craft beer and a bottle of wine. He
text: approaches a building in an industrial area --
text: Jared puts a phone to his ear. An iPhone 1. (It is 2008)
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I left my keys. They fixed the
dialog: buzzer.
text: He buzzes and is buzzed up. We pull sideways to take in - New
text: York City. The vast skyline.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. JARED'S SHARED APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Jared and friends share a drink, post dinner. They are
text: playing a board game.
dialog: Improvised scene from which --
text: We move back to see this action now in B.G. From a bedroom we
text: discover is Jared's. His phone sits beside his computer and a
text: stack of papers. Perhaps we see certain things in the glow:
text: An article with Jared’s name on it in an open journal
text: magazine; a photo of him and his Mom posted on a board;
text: Another of him and a boyfriend. Then, as we reach his iPhone
text: and push in - it lights up and rings faintly. The vibration
text: moves it toward the desks edge, until it finally stops
text: teetering over the lip. The glow of the ‘unknown number’
text: finally goes away.
text: Back with Jared and his friends. Unaware of who was calling
dialog: him and what it would potentially mean, Jared continues
text: laughing and playing.
speaker_heading: 107A.
text: LATER: The kitchen is empty. The bottles and dishes can wait
dialog: for another day. We hear Jared farewell a friend 0.S
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. JARED'S BROOKLYN BEDROOM - LATER
text: Jared works. Now lit by the screen of his desktop, we see
text: evidence of the writer Jared has become. We pick off various
dialog: things including a post-it note saying ‘write what you
dialog: know!!’
text: Jared types furiously and when an email pings he immediately
text: switches to his email page: an email from - Nancy Eamons:
text: “URGENT -- I WAS RIGHT!!” How could he not open it -
text: A news article: A BOY WHO LOST HIS ARM, HANGING IT OUT OF A
scene_heading: CAR IN IBIZA.
dialog: 
text: Then another PING: He sighs, she has hooked him again,
text: dragging him from work into a text chat.
dialog: MOM: Are you coming for Thanksgiving?
dialog: JARED: I don't know I can.
dialog: MOM: Your dad would love to see you.
dialog: JARED: I'll come when Dad is away at the convention.
text: Then the phone rings. He snatches it up -
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Mom! I’m working.
text: Pause. Then a PING on the computer - Again it is -
dialog: MOM: Okay. Goodnight.
dialog: Then, who is on the phone!
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Is this Jared Eamons?
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Yeah. Who’s this?
text: Jared walks out to the fridge in the darkened kitchen to grab
dialog: another beer --
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: From L.I.A. a few years ago?
dialog: 108A.
text: He stops. Moves back to the bedroom and turns off the music.
dialog: Now there is utter silence
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Who is this?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: It’s ah... It’s Victor Sykes.
dialog: Hold.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Before you hang up. Please hear me
dialog: out. I’ve been contacting as many
dialog: ex-clients as I can...
text: Jared listens and Sykes’ call drowns out. We move behind
text: Jared's head as he listens and we hear faint traces --
text: When we come across to Jared’s other side of Jared we hear a
text: fierce and firm drum snare SNAP!
scene_heading: THEN TO BLACK:
text: Then a drum roll rumbles over -
scene_heading: EXT. BROOKLYN STREET - DAY
text: A truck passing reveals Jared's face cautiously standing on
text: the street keenly watching something. He puts his phone to
text: his ear. Another drum beat and we see - the drumming actually
text: comes from a TEEN BOY right by Jared. Jared looks at him for
text: a moment.
text: Jared's friend, one we saw from the night before steps up.
speaker_heading: FRIEND
dialog: He’s in there. Well, from your
dialog: description, I think he is.
dialog: (Jared tenses)
dialog: You don’t have to do this you know.
text: And with that, Jared moves off.
speaker_heading: FRIEND (CONT'D)
dialog: Call if you need back up.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKLYN CAFE - DAY
text: Jared pokes his head in. He looks around --
text: Jared turns the bend cautiously and looks around.
dialog: 109A.
text: A man stands -- It is Sykes. He looks different. A new
text: haircut. A grey goatee. Loose clothing. Transformed.
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: Jared. Thanks for this.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: How did you get my number?
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: I tried the one I had on file.
text: They sit.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry to jump out of nowhere
dialog: and contact you.
text: Sykes seems interminably nervous. Not his L.I.A. self. He
text: rummages through a shoulder bag.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: I said I had some things for you.
text: Jared is just watching and waiting. Uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT’D)
dialog: There's a few things about me you
dialog: don’t know. And, well, reading the
dialog: article I figured it was about time
dialog: I made contact with you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Try and make some kind of peace.
text: Sykes finds what he wants to give, handing it over: The torn
text: out pages of Jared’s Moleskin from all those years ago.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT’D)
dialog: I kept everything. When I left --
text: Jared is trying to compute everything.
speaker_heading: SYKES (CONT'D)
dialog: I couldn't recognize it at the time
dialog: but they really were... are very
dialog: good. The stories.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You look well. And seem good. So --
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Listen, I don’t know where to start
dialog: but I want you to know that I’ve
dialog: left the ministry and L.I.A. and
dialog: well, I guess you could say I’ve
dialog: turned my back on all of it.
dialog: 110A.
dialog: On Jared, absorbing
dialog: 111.
text: Sykes pushes a picture across the table - Jared picks it up.
text: A picture of - Sykes with his arm around a man.
text: Jared, feelings welling, gets up and heads for the restroom.
scene_heading: INT. RESTROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Jared closes the door. And it is here, of all places, and in
text: this moment that Jared finally releases emotion. His shaking
text: hands wipe a tear and he tries to suppress it. But then -
text: It’s too much and IT ALL COMES OUT.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. BROOKLYN CAFE - CONTINUOUS
text: Sykes waits patiently at the table. He peruses the menu. Then
text: his phone rings.
scene_heading: INT. RESTROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Jared wipes his eyes and speaks on the phone.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: It’s Jared. Hey. I, um... no
dialog: offense, but could we try this some
dialog: other time.
text: INTERCUT WITH Sykes. Empathetic, he listens. Something ironic
text: in the image of him now facing an empty chair.
speaker_heading: SYKES
dialog: I understand. Of course.
scene_heading: INT. BROOKLYN CAFE - CONTINUOUS
text: Sykes slowly gets up from the table and makes his way out.
scene_heading: INT. RESTROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Jared has calmed now. He steadies his breathing, until he’s
text: ALMOST calm again. As we see this, we hear --
speaker_heading: OMMITTED
dialog: 111A.
speaker_heading: OMMITTED
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: EXT. EAMONS FAMILY HOME - DAY
text: Jared's car pulls into the family driveway.
speaker_heading: JARED O.S.
dialog: Where is he?
scene_heading: INT. EAMONS FAMILY KITCHEN - DAY
text: Jared stands in the kitchen table, on a mission. Fierce. (NB:
dialog: Nancy is slightly less ‘made-up’ these days)
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Honey. It’s Sunday. If it’s urgent,
dialog: you'll have to go to the church.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I‘1l wait for him to get back.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: You haven’t even seen it. Not with
text: all the fittings and filled with
dialog: people. He’s so proud of it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Like he’s proud of you.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Mom, he lost part of his
dialog: congregation on account of me.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: You've made that a bigger deal than
dialog: it ever was. Honey -
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What is the matter? Is everything -
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Why aren’t you there? At church.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: I don’t always go. I do to support
dialog: your father sometimes. But, he
dialog: knows. I have my own religion.
dialog: (off Jared's expression)
dialog: Everyone else creates religions to
dialog: suit themselves, so I figured, why
dialog: couldn’t I.
dialog: 112A.
scene_heading: INT. NANCY'S CAR — DAY
text: Nancy at the wheel. The sun sheds a warm glow on Nancy
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: NANCY O.S.
dialog: I love God and God loves me. And I
dialog: love my son.
text: Nancy turns to smile. Jared returns the look.
scene_heading: INT. EAMONS FAMILY KITCHEN - AS BEFORE - DAY
text: Jared listens to his mother’s religion -
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: And if He doesn’t love my son too,
dialog: then I will stop loving Him.
text: Jared wipes a tear, trying not to be drawn into feeling -
speaker_heading: NANCY (CONT'D)
dialog: For your father it is a little more
dialog: complicated than that.
scene_heading: EXT. ARKANSAS HIGHWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Nancy’s car travels the highway. Her car peals left and we
text: continue up the highway.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Your call. Church left. Or right if
dialog: you wanna go see a movie instead.
scene_heading: INT. HOPE SPRINGS FIRST BAPTIST MINISTRY - LATER
text: Jared enters from the podium side with his Mother as The
text: choir belts out the final bars of - ‘Someday’
dialog: 
text: As Jared sits, he catches eyes with Chloe who enters with
text: Wayne (a new couple). Chloe, surprised, offers a small smile.
text: Wayne, however, blanks him. Then the crowd settles: Marshall
text: is heading down the aisle, greeting folk when --
text: He sees Nancy and offers a smile, before spotting Jared. He
text: freezes a beat, but then covers and offers a mini salute.
text: Jared turns back, focusing his eyes to the front as --
speaker_heading: 113A.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
text: The night before the crucifixion.
dialog: Jesus and the disciples are heading
dialog: down the Kidron Valley toward the
text: Garden of Gethsemane. Vines are
dialog: everywhere.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
text: On Jared, aware that his presence has created a stir.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: So Jesus pointed to the vines and
dialog: said these words: ‘Just like those
dialog: grapes depend on the vine, so
dialog: should you depend on me.’
text: On Jared focusing on his father, in his element. You can tell
text: he is charismatic as the congregation hang on his words.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘Be fruitful’ is the subject of
dialog: today’s sermon.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH PARKING LOT - EARLY EVENING
text: Jared and Chloe walk in silence until they reach Nancy's car.
speaker_heading: WOMAN O.S.
dialog: Goodbye, Jared.
text: Jared turns and waves to the WOMAN getting in her car.
speaker_heading: CHLOE
dialog: See? Not everyone wants you to burn
dialog: in hell.
text: She hits him playfully. They hear a car horn BLAST. A large
text: pick-up cruises in the background: Wayne. As Jared and Chloe
text: hug goodbye, Wayne sounds the horn, sharply, one more time.
text: Jared watches Chloe totter to the car. Once she’s in, the car
text: lurches and stops. Then Wayne gets out. He approaches Jared.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Yo. Chloe wanted me to apologize.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: It’s okay Wayne.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Just shake my hand.
dialog: (he does. Wayne grips)
dialog: Stay away from her. Yeah? We don’t
dialog: wanna see you again around here. Or
dialog: you and me got trouble.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: You’re on my father’s property.
dialog: 114A.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Your father agrees with me. You are
dialog: an abomination. Don’t come near us
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: WAYNE (CONT'D)
dialog: (heading for the car)
dialog: Or, I swear to God I’ll get my M-4
dialog: and put one in your skull.
text: True hate right there. But Jared meets it with kindness.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: You know Wayne. You or anyone
dialog: could’a been born just the same.
speaker_heading: WAYNE
dialog: Then I’d shoot myself.
speaker_heading: NANCY O.S.
dialog: We could arrange that Wayne. I'm
dialog: sure there's plenty of guns here.
text: Jared turns to see Nancy has arrived back at the car.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: Okay. Sorry. Sorry.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: It’s okay. Wayne was just leaving.
scene_heading: EXT. EAMONS FAMILY HOME - PORCH - NIGHT
text: The yard is dark and still in the approaching winter. Jared
text: sits alone, ruminating on all things when the door opens.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: I’ve got some work to do and then
dialog: I’m going to turn in.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Ministry looks good, Dad.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Glad you could make it. Well, if I
dialog: don’t see you early, I'll see you
dialog: in a few weeks at Christmas.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: I won't be here for Christmas.
text: Marshall stops. Nods. It is what it is.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you hear about the article in
dialog: the Times I’ve got coming out?
dialog: (hold - he does)
dialog: Do you know what it’s about
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: (he knows )
dialog: Listen I don’t want to get into a
dialog: fight. Your mother told me about -
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: It’s not a fight. I’m just doing
dialog: the right thing. Letting you know.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’ve written more, and the
dialog: publishers are talking about me
dialog: putting together a whole book. You
dialog: don’t need to read any of it, but I
dialog: just needed you to know that it
dialog: might be out there. And --
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Yeah. Well, now I know.
text: Jared is arming up for a confrontation. Hard as it is.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: But, it might be good for you to
dialog: read... because you also never
dialog: really asked what went on there.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You never really knew the staff or -
text: And Marshall continues inside, leaving Jared unresolved.
scene_heading: INT. EAMONS FAMILY HOME KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Marshall makes notes for a sermon, his bible beside him.
text: Suddenly, a newspaper placed down: Jared’s article (A few in
text: fact). Nancy holds Marshall's look. She picks up the bible.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: I think you’ve read that one.
text: He goes to take her hand but she moves off. We see Jared in
dialog: the background, like he did the night Pastor Wilkes and Jim
text: helped determine his fate, peering through the door.
scene_heading: EXT. EAMONS FAMILY HOME - EARLY MORNING
text: Jared loads his car. He closes the trunk. He looks to the
text: house. His dad is not coming to say goodbye. He hugs his mom.
speaker_heading: 116A.
text: Jared is about to drive away. But his mom knocks on the
text: window and Marshall appears at the passenger window.
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: You mind driving me to the
dialog: dealership? Got some stuff to
dialog: organize.
text: Marshall gets in and they pull away. Nancy waves good bye.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. JARED'S CAR —- EARLY MORNING
text: Jared drives and looks across to - Marshall deep in thought,
text: his eyes trained to the front.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR DEALERSHIP —- MORNING
text: Jared gets out of the car as his father moves toward the
text: entrance. His father turns --
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Come on in for a second.
scene_heading: INT. MARSHALL'S DEALERSHIP - MORNING
text: Marshall turns, looking around in the expansive showroom. He
text: seems confused. Agitated.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Is there anything you need help
dialog: with? Otherwise I should --
text: Jared turns hesitantly, to leave. But then -
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: Hold on. This was going to be for
dialog: Christmas.
dialog: (he hands Jared keys)
dialog: It’s an Explorer. Your mother said
dialog: you and your friends drive up --
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Dad. I live in New York. I don’t
dialog: need a car.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don’t want to pretend anymore.
dialog: It’s okay Dad. I’m okay without all
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: 117A.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: Unless we are going to speak to
dialog: each other properly. Like -
dialog: (beat
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: JARED (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m gay. I’m gay and I’m your son.
dialog: And neither of those things are
dialog: going to change.
text: Hold. Marshall breathes. He looks out over the dealership -
speaker_heading: MARSHALL
dialog: This was all going to be yours you
dialog: know?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Still will be. I meant, to run and
dialog: make a living from. But, I know you
dialog: got other fish to fry.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I ran your grandfather’s mill, like
dialog: he wanted, until I had the gall to
dialog: tell him I didn’t want that.
text: He is still looking around, not making eye contact. Then --
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: I stayed up all night trying to
dialog: think of good reasons to convince
dialog: you to keep everything to
dialog: yourself... the book and whatnot...
dialog: but then I thought that would be
dialog: like your grandpa forcing me to run
dialog: the mill.
text: Jared listens.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: I like to do what I want, so who am
dialog: I to get in anybody else’s way?
text: He turns to Jared.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: The truth is I do want you to do
dialog: well and have a good life. I know
dialog: we don’t agree on a handful of
dialog: things. And, I realize by what’s
dialog: happened, I’ve set myself up to
dialog: lose you. I had to ask myself and
dialog: God if I was ready for that.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Your mother said a prayer that she
dialog: got comfort from. Whether it was
dialog: her that needed to change and not
dialog: you... My prayer didn’t so much
dialog: give me comfort. I don’t think I am
dialog: ready to lose you and so I wanted
dialog: to let you know -
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
text: Marshall is not the eloquent man he was in church.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: -- that I am going to try. I’m
dialog: sorry it’s not more, and I
dialog: understand if that is not good
dialog: enough for you. That’s on me.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Son, I tend to be more eloquent in
dialog: front of full congregation than
dialog: this. I guess, I prepare for that.
text: He takes a big breath in and out. Smiles ruefully.
speaker_heading: MARSHALL (CONT'D)
dialog: ‘I’m trying’ is the subject of
dialog: today’s sermon.
text: Marshall hangs his head. Jared steps forward and hugs him.
speaker_heading: JARED
dialog: Mom is coming to New York for
dialog: Christmas. You are welcome to come
dialog: too. Have a think about it.
text: Hold wide as father and son embrace. Then Jared removes
text: himself and sets the keys down.
dialog: If It Be Your Will - by Leonard Cohen as sung by Antony and
text: the Johnsons starts and carries through --
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. JARED'S CAR — DAY
text: Jared drives free and alone along a stretch of Arkansas
text: countryside. He cracks the window to let in the warm breeze.
text: And his hand goes out the window to dance in that breeze.
scene_heading: CUT TO BLACK:
scene_heading: ----- CREDITS -----
text: Footnote. L.I.A. was dismantled in 2012.
dialog: Despite being discredited by the American Psychiatric
dialog: Society, it is still legal in 45 states of America for
dialog: parents to commit their children to conversion therapy.
dialog: Practices of electric shock, solitary confinement, and
dialog: various other forms of physical and psychological abuse have
dialog: been reported
dialog: 120.
text: Sykes left L.I.A. in 2005. He is now openly gay and married
dialog: to a man in Paris Texas, U.S.A.
text: This film is dedicated to all the victims. Alive and dead.
dialog: Leonard Cohen --- If it be your will. If there is a choice.
dialog: Let the rivers fill. Let the hills rejoice.
dialog: 
