dialog: 
dialog: 1992
speaker_heading: BRAM STOKER'S DRACULA
dialog: (Directed by Francis Ford Coppola)
dialog: cast
dialog: Dracula..................................Gary Oldman
dialog: Mina Murray/Elisabeta...................Winona Ryder
dialog: Abraham Van Helsing..................Anthony Hopkins
dialog: Dr. Jack Seward.....................Richard E. Grant
dialog: Lord Arthur Holmwood......................Cary Elwes
dialog: Quincey P. Morris......................Bill Campbell
dialog: Lucy Westenra............................Sadie Frost
dialog: R.M. Renfield..............................Tom Waits
speaker_heading: T R A N S Y L V A N I A
dialog: Prologue
dialog: Castle Dracula
dialog: The Year: 1462 A.D.
text: CONSTANTINOPLE HAD FALLEN. MUSLIM TURKS SWEPT INTO EUROPE WITH
scene_heading: A VAST, SUPERIOR FORCE, STRIKING AT ROMANIA, THREATENING ALL OF
scene_heading: CHRISTENDOM. FROM TRANSYLVANIA AROSE A ROMANIAN KNIGHT, OF THE
text: SACRED ORDER OF THE DRAGON, KNOWN AS DRACULEA. ON THE EVE OF
text: THE BATTLE, HIS BRIDE ELISABETA WHOM HE PRIZED ABOVE ALL THINGS
text: ON EARTH KNEW THAT HE MUST FACE AN INSURMOUNTABLE FORCE FROM
text: WHICH HE MIGHT NEVER RETURN.
dialog: Medieval Romanian Battlefield
text: Draculea kisses a crucifix
dialog: DRACULEA (translation): God be praised! I am victorious!
text: (Elisabeta's face comes into his mind) Elisabeta!
text: THE VENGEFUL TURKS SHOT AN ARROW INTO THE CASTLE CARRYING THE
scene_heading: FALSE NEWS OF DRACULEA'S DEATH. ELISABETA, BELIEVING HIM DEAD,
text: FLUNG HERSELF INTO THE RIVER.
text: Draculea returns to the castle
text: Elisabeta lies dead on the chapel floor
dialog: SUICIDE NOTE FROM ELISABETA (translation): My prince is dead.
dialog: All is lost without him. May God unite us in heaven.
dialog: BISHOP (translation): She has taken her own life. Her soul
dialog: cannot be saved. She is damned. It is God's Law.
dialog: DRACULEA (translation): Nooo! Is this my reward for defending
dialog: God's church?
speaker_heading: BISHOP (translation): Sacrilege!
dialog: DRACULEA (translation): I renounce God! I shall rise from my
dialog: own death to avenge hers with all the powers of darkness!
text: Draculea stabs at the altar cross with his sword
text: Blood pours from the cross, from the eyes of statues,
dialog: and from candle flames
text: Draculea fills a chalice with the blood and drinks it
speaker_heading: DRACULEA (translation): The blood is the life and it shall be
dialog: mine!
text: Blood covers the chapel floor
scene_heading: *******************************
dialog: 1 8 9 7 A.D.
dialog: (Four centuries later)
speaker_heading: E N G L A N D
speaker_heading: LONDON
speaker_heading: LATE EVENING
dialog: Carfax District Lunatic Asylum
dialog: Renfield's Cell
dialog: RENFIELD: I've done everything that you asked, Master. All the
text: preparations are in order. (He reaches for a fly on the
dialog: ceiling.) I await your command for I know that, when the
dialog: rewards are given, I will be one of those who benefits from your
dialog: generosity. (He eats the fly). Thank you.
speaker_heading: THE NEXT MORNING
dialog: The Law Firm of Hawkins and Thompkins
dialog: Mr. Hawkins speaks with law clerk Jonathan Harker
text: HAWKINS: Gone mad. Renfield is deranged. He's lost his greedy
dialog: mind, poor chap. I want you to take over for his foreign
dialog: client, this rather eccentric Count Dracula. He's buying up
dialog: property around London.
dialog: HARKER: Of course, sir. I will tend to the Count. Thank you
dialog: for your confidence.
dialog: HAWKINS: This is a great opportunity for you, Harker, but you
dialog: will have to leave for Transylvania immediately. Opportunities
dialog: such as this come but once in a lifetime.
dialog: HARKER: Yes, of course, sir. If I may inquire, what in fact
dialog: happened to Mr. Renfield in Transylvania?
dialog: HAWKINS: Nothing, nothing. Personal problems. Close these
dialog: transactions and your future with this firm is assured.
dialog: HARKER: Yes, sir. I will give it my full attention.
speaker_heading: KENT
speaker_heading: THE NEXT MORNING
dialog: The Garden at Hillingham Estate (Faversham, Kent)
dialog: Harker speaks with fiancee Mina Murray
dialog: MINA: We've waited this long, haven't we?
dialog: HARKER: We can be married when I return.
dialog: MINA: Of course.
dialog: HARKER: I'll write.
dialog: MINA: Jonathan, Jonathan, I love you.
dialog: HARKER: I love you, Mina.
dialog: They kiss goodbye
scene_heading: *********************************
speaker_heading: SEVERAL DAYS LATER
speaker_heading: T R A N S Y L V A N I A
speaker_heading: MIDDAY
dialog: On a Train
dialog: Harker writes in his journal
scene_heading: JONATHAN HARKER'S JOURNAL, 25th May, Buda-Pesth: Left
dialog: Buda-Pesth early this morning. The impression I had was that we
dialog: were leaving the west and entering the east. The district I am
dialog: to enter is in the extreme east of the country, just on the
dialog: borders of three states--Transylvania, Moldavia and Bukovina, in
text: the midst of the Carpathian Mountains, one of the wildest and
dialog: least known portions of Europe.
text: He opens and reads a letter
text: LETTER FROM COUNT DRACULA TO JONATHAN HARKER: My friend.
dialog: Welcome to the Carpathians. I am anxiously expecting you. At
dialog: the Borgo Pass, my carriage will await you and bring you to me.
dialog: I trust your journey from London has been a happy one and that
dialog: you will enjoy your stay in my beautiful land. Your friend, D.
dialog: MINA MURRAY'S DIARY, 25th May: My dear Jonathan has been gone
dialog: almost a week and, although I was disappointed we could not
dialog: marry before his departure, I am happy that he got sent on this
dialog: important assignment. I am longing to hear all the news. It
dialog: must be so nice to see strange countries. I wonder if we, I
dialog: mean Jonathan and I, shall ever see them together?
speaker_heading: NIGHTFALL
dialog: Borgo Pass
text: Jonathan Harker disembarks from a coach
dialog: HARKER: We're early, driver. No one is here.
text: A fellow passenger hands Harker a crucifix
dialog: GIRL (translation): For the dead travel fast.
text: The passenger coach speeds away as Dracula's coach approaches
text: The coachdriver bids Harker to enter and sit down
text: The coach speeds away, followed by wolves
dialog: HARKER: I say, is the castle far?
speaker_heading: COACHDRIVER: (No answer)
text: The coach speeds up a narrow crag toward Dracula's castle
text: It passes through a circle of blue fire
text: Harker disembarks in the courtyard
text: As Harker approaches the castle doors, they swing open
text: An old man bearing a lantern enters the chamber
dialog: DRACULA: Welcome to my home. Enter freely of your own will and
dialog: leave some of the happiness you bring.
dialog: HARKER: Count Dracula?
dialog: DRACULA: I am Dracula, and I bid you welcome, Mr. Harker, to my
dialog: house. Come in.
text: Harker steps over the threshhold
text: Dracula leads him into the dining room
dialog: DRACULA: You will, I trust, excuse me that I do not join you
dialog: but I have already dined and I never drink...wine.
text: Harker begins to eat
text: He motions toward a portrait on the wall
dialog: HARKER: An ancestor? I see a resemblance.
dialog: DRACULA: The Order of the Dracul...the Dragon...an ancient
dialog: society pledging my forefathers to defend the church against all
dialog: enemies of Christ. That relationship was not entirely
dialog: successful.
text: HARKER (slightly snickering): Oh, yes.
text: Dracula angrily grabs a sword, swings it overhead
text: and points the tip at Harker
dialog: DRACULA: It is no laughing matter. We Draculs have a right to
dialog: be proud. What devil or witch was ever so great as Attila whose
dialog: blood flows in these veins? Blood is too precious a thing in
dialog: these times. The warlike days are over. The victories of my
dialog: great race are but a tale to be told. I am the last of my kind.
dialog: HARKER: I have offended you with my ignorance, Count. Forgive
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: LATER
dialog: The Library at Castle Dracula
text: Dracula affixes his seal to the deed of purchase
dialog: DRACULA: I do so long to go through the crowded streets of your
text: mighty London, to be in the midst of the whirl and the rush of
dialog: humanity, to share its life, its changes, its deaths.
dialog: Harker affixes his signature to the deed
dialog: HARKER: There. You, Count, are the owner of Carfax Abbey in
dialog: Purfleet. Congratulations.
dialog: DRACULA: Your firm writes most highly of your talents. They
dialog: say you are a man of good taste and that you are a worthy
dialog: substitute to your predescessor, Mr. Renfield.
dialog: HARKER: You may rely on me, Count. Forgive my curiosity but
dialog: why 10 houses in such precise locations around London? Is it to
dialog: raise the market value?
text: Dracula picks up Harker's photograph of Mina
dialog: DRACULA: Do you believe in destiny, that even the powers of
dialog: time can be ordered to a single purpose? The luckiest man who
dialog: walks on this earth is the one who finds true love.
dialog: HARKER: You found Mina. I thought she was lost. We're to be
dialog: married as soon as I return. Are you married, Count?
speaker_heading: DRACULA: (no answer)
dialog: HARKER: Sir, are you married?
dialog: DRACULA: I was married once...ages ago it seems. She died.
dialog: HARKER: Oh, I'm very sorry.
dialog: DRACULA: She was fortunate. My life at its best is a mystery.
dialog: She will no doubt make a devoted wife and you a faithful
dialog: husband. Come, write now, my friend, to your firm and to any
dialog: loved ones and say that it should please you to stay with me
dialog: until a month from now.
dialog: HARKER: A month? Do you wish me to stay so long?
dialog: DRACULA: I will take no refusal.
scene_heading: *******************************
speaker_heading: FIVE DAYS LATER
speaker_heading: E N G L A N D
speaker_heading: KENT
speaker_heading: MORNING
dialog: The Parlour at Hillingham Estate
dialog: Mina types her diary
dialog: MINA MURRAY'S DIARY, 30th May: I know that Jonathan does not
dialog: want me to stay here with Lucy while he is away. I thinks that
dialog: if I become accustomed to the wealth and privileges of the
dialog: Westenra family, I will not be content as the wife of a mere
dialog: clerk in a law firm. But Lucy and I have been friends since we
dialog: were children and she has never minded that I'm only a school
dialog: mistress.
text: She sneaks a peek at a drawing from Arabian Nights
dialog: MINA: How disgustingly awful!
dialog: Enter Lucy Westenra
dialog: LUCY: Mina! Mina! Oh, Mina, you're always working. Is your
dialog: ambitious Jon Harker forcing you to learn that ridiculous
dialog: machine when he could be forcing you to perform unspeakable acts
dialog: of desparate passion on the parlour floor?
dialog: MINA: Lucy, really! You shouldn't talk about my fiance in such
dialog: a way. There's more to marriage than carnal pleasure.
text: Mina stands up, knocking the book on the floor
dialog: LUCY: Oh, Mina, so I see--much, much more. Oh? Oh! That's...
dialog: Mina and Lucy page through the book
dialog: MINA: What? What is it, Lucy? I certainly don't understand
dialog: it. Can a man and a woman really do that?
dialog: LUCY: I did only last night.
dialog: MINA: Fibber, you did not.
dialog: LUCY: Yes, I did, well, in my dreams. Jonathan measures up,
dialog: doesn't he? You can tell Lucy.
dialog: MINA: We've kissed. That's all. He thinks he's too poor to
dialog: marry me. And it's all the worst now that I'm here visiting you
dialog: at Hillingham, my rich friend.
dialog: LUCY: Yes, but not even one marriage proposal. Here I am,
dialog: almost 20, practically a hag!
scene_heading: EARLY THAT EVENING
text: Lucy and Mina watch party guests arrive
dialog: BUTLER: Mr. Quincey P. Morris.
dialog: Enter Quincey P. Morris
dialog: MINA: Look. What is that?
dialog: LUCY: A Texan...Quincey P. Morris. He's so young and fresh,
text: like a wild stallion between my legs.
dialog: MINA: You're positively indecent!
dialog: LUCY: I just know what men desire. Watch.
dialog: Lucy approaches Morris
dialog: LUCY: Quincey, darling.
dialog: MORRIS: Miss Lucy. Why you're as fresh as the spring rain.
dialog: LUCY: Oh, thank you. (She runs her hands over Morris) Oh,
dialog: Quincey, please let me touch it. It's so big!
text: Lucy winks at Mina and pulls out Morris's Bowie knife
dialog: MORRIS: Little girl. Oh, my dear sweet little girl. I hold
dialog: your hand and you've kissed me...
dialog: BUTLER: Dr. Jack Seward.
dialog: Enter Dr. Jack Seward
dialog: Lucy runs to Seward
dialog: LUCY: Jack! Oceans of love!
text: Seward trips over a bearskin run
dialog: LUCY: Oh, Jack, my darling! Oh, poor little baby. Come over
dialog: here. Come over here and I'll kiss it better. My poor little
dialog: blossom. My poor little doctor. Really, doctor. What a
dialog: naughty bear. Let me feel...
dialog: BUTLER: Arthur Holmwood, Esquire.
dialog: Enter Lord Arthur Holmwood
text: Lucy runs to Holmwood
dialog: LUCY: Arthur! Oh, my darling. Oh, you look wonderful. Like
dialog: my dress? It's my snake dress.
dialog: Seward and Morris greet each other
text: and sit side-by-side on a couch
dialog: SEWARD: Quincey.
dialog: MORRIS: Jack.
text: Seward stands up and hands Morris his squashed hat
dialog: SEWARD: So sorry about your hat.
dialog: MINA MURRAY'S DIARY: Lucy is a pure and virtuous girl, but I
dialog: admit that her free way of speaking shocks me sometimes.
dialog: Jonathan says it's a defect of the aristocracy that they say
dialog: what they please. The truth is that I admire Lucy, and I'm not
dialog: surprised that men flock around her. I wish I were as pretty
dialog: and as adored as she.
dialog: Enter Dracula's shadow
speaker_heading: LONDON
speaker_heading: LATER THAT EVENING
dialog: Carfax District Lunatic Asylum
scene_heading: DR. SEWARD'S DIARY ON PHOTOGRAPH CYLINDER, 30th May: What
dialog: manner of man is this? R. M. Renfield, successful solicitor in
dialog: the firm of Hawkins and Thompkins, respected member of the Lord
text: Nugent's Wyndham Club. Returns from business abroad in
text: Transylvania. Promptly suffers a complete mental breakdown.
text: He's now obsessed with some bloodlust.
text: Seward enters Renfield's cell
dialog: SEWARD: George, wait here.
text: Renfield holds out a plate of grubs, flies, ants, beetles and
dialog: wireworms
dialog: RENFIELD: Would you care for an hors d'oeuvre, Dr. Seward, or a
dialog: canape?
dialog: SEWARD: No, thank you, Mr. Renfield. How are you feeling
dialog: tonight?
dialog: RENFIELD: Far better than you, my lovesick doctor.
dialog: SEWARD: Is my personal life of interest to you?
dialog: RENFIELD: Of course it is. All life interests me.
dialog: SEWARD: Your diet, Mr. Renfield, is disgusting!
dialog: RENFIELD: Actually, they're perfectly nutritious. You see,
dialog: each life that I ingest gives life to me.
dialog: SEWARD: The fly gives you life?
dialog: RENFIELD: Certainly. (Renfield turns away from Seward) But
dialog: you might as well ask a man to eat a molecule with a pair of
dialog: chopsticks than to interest me in lesser carnivora.
dialog: SEWARD: I shall have to invent a new classification of the
dialog: lunatic for you. What about spiders? Spiders eat the flies.
dialog: RENFIELD: Yes, spiders eat them.
dialog: SEWARD: What about sparrows?
dialog: RENFIELD: Oh, yes. Did you say sparrows?
dialog: SEWARD: Something larger perhaps?
dialog: RENFIELD: Oh, yes, a kitten, I beg you, a little, sleek...a
dialog: playful kitten...something I can teach, something I can feed.
dialog: No one would refuse me a kitten.
dialog: SEWARD: Wouldn't you prefer a cat?
dialog: RENFIELD: Oh, yes, a big cat! My salvation depends upon it!
dialog: SEWARD: Your salvation?
dialog: RENFIELD: I need lives. I need lives for the Master.
dialog: SEWARD: What Master?
dialog: RENFIELD: The Master will come, and he has promised to make me
dialog: immortal.
dialog: SEWARD: How?
text: Renfield suddenly attacks Dr. Seward
text: Guards rush in to subdue Renfield
dialog: RENFIELD: The blood is the life!
scene_heading: *************************
speaker_heading: MEANWHILE
speaker_heading: T R A N S Y L V A N I A
dialog: Castle Dracula
dialog: Harker's Bedchamber
dialog: JONATHAN HARKER'S JOURNAL, 3Oth May, Castle Dracula: I think
dialog: strange things which I dare not confess to my own soul. The
text: Count, the way he looked at Mina's picture fills me with dread
dialog: as if I have a part to play in a story that is not known to me.
text: Harker shaves while looking into a small mirror
text: Harker cuts himself with the razor
dialog: Enter Dracula
dialog: HARKER: I didn't hear you come in.
dialog: DRACULA: Take care how you cut yourself. It is more dangerous
dialog: than you think.
dialog: Dracula breaks the mirror
dialog: DRACULA: A foul bauble of man's vanity. Perhaps you should
dialog: grow a beard.
text: Dracula takes the razor, turns and licks off the blood
dialog: DRACULA: The letters I requested...have you finished them?
dialog: Harker hands Dracula three letters
speaker_heading: DRACULA: Good.
dialog: Dracula shaves Harker
dialog: DRACULA: Should you leave these rooms, you will not by any
dialog: chance go to sleep in any other part of the castle. It is old
dialog: and has many bad memories. Be warned.
dialog: HARKER: I'm sure I understand.
text: Dracula sees a crucifix around Harker's neck
text: He snarls and pushes Harker away
dialog: DRACULA: Do not put your faith in such trinkets of deceit! We
dialog: are in Transylvania, and Transylvania is not England. Our ways
dialog: are not your ways. And, to you, there shall be many strange
dialog: things.
dialog: HARKER: I've seen many strange things already...bloody wolves
dialog: chasing me through some blue inferno!
text: Harker peers out the window to see wolves in the courtyard
dialog: Wolf howl
dialog: DRACULA: Listen to them, the children of the night. What sweet
dialog: music they make.
dialog: HARKER: Music? Those animals?
dialog: Exit Dracula
dialog: Exit Dracula's shadow
text: Harker peers outside the window
text: to see Dracula crawling, like a reptile, up the castle wall
dialog: JONATHAN HARKER'S JOURNAL: I did as Dracula instructed. I
dialog: wrote three letters--to the firm, to my family, and to my
dialog: beloved Mina. I said nothing of my fears as he will read them,
dialog: no doubt. I know now that I am a prisoner.
speaker_heading: LATER THAT NIGHT
text: Harker wanders the castle
text: He finds an unused bedchamber
dialog: VAMPIRESS: Jonathan! Jonathan, come to me! Come! Lay down,
text: lay back into my arms. Lay back, Jonathan.
dialog: Three vampiresses seduce Harker
dialog: They bite and suck him
dialog: Enter Dracula
dialog: DRACULA (translation): How dare you touch him! He belongs to
dialog: me!
dialog: VAMPIRESS (translation): You yourself never loved!
dialog: DRACULA (translation): Yes, I too can love. And I shall love
dialog: again.
dialog: VAMPIRESS (translation): Are we to have nothing tonight?
dialog: Dracula gives the vampiresses a human baby
dialog: HARKER: Noooooo!
speaker_heading: DRACULA: (Laughs)
speaker_heading: SEVERAL DAYS LATER
dialog: In the crypt of Castle Dracula
text: Harker watches gypsies loading boxes of earth onto wagons
dialog: JONATHAN HARKER'S JOURNAL: The letters I have written have
dialog: undoubtedly sealed my doom. The Count's gypsies, fearless
dialog: warriors who are loyal to the death to whatever nobleman they
text: serve, day and night they toil, filling boxes with decrepit
dialog: earth from the bowels of the castle. They are to be delivered
dialog: to his newly acquired Carfax Abbey in London. Why do they fill
dialog: these boxes with earth?
scene_heading: *********************************
speaker_heading: WEEKS LATER
speaker_heading: E N G L A N D
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: The Garden at Hillingham Estate
dialog: Mina reads a letter
text: LETTER FROM JONATHAN HARKER TO MINA MURRAY: Dearest Mina, all
dialog: is well here. The Count has insisted I remain for a month to
dialog: tutor him in English custom. I can say no more except I love
dialog: you. Ever faithful, Jonathan.
dialog: Enter Lucy
dialog: LUCY: I love him, I love him! Oh, Mina. It's so wonderful!
dialog: I've decided! I love him, and I've said yes.
dialog: MINA: Finally! Don't tell me. The Texan with the big knife?
dialog: LUCY: Oh, no, to my dear number three--Lord Arthur Holmwood.
dialog: Lord and Lady Holmwood. Would you want to be my maid of honor?
dialog: Say yes.
speaker_heading: MINA: (No answer)
dialog: LUCY: Mina, what is it? This is the most exciting day of my
dialog: life. You don't seem to care.
dialog: MINA: It's just that I'm so terribly worried about Jonathan.
dialog: This letter I received is so cold. It's so unnatural. It's not
dialog: like him at all.
dialog: LUCY: Oh, Mina, don't worry.
text: A rainstorm suddenly hits
dialog: CAPTAIN'S LOG, THE DEMETER, 27th June: We picked up 50 boxes of
text: experimental earth bound for London, England. Set sail at noon
text: into a storm that seemed to come out of nowhere, carrying us out
dialog: to sea.
text: CAPTAIN'S LOG, THE DEMETER, 3rd July: Second mate is gone
text: missing. Nearing Gibraltar. Storm continues. Crew uneasy,
dialog: believes someone or something is aboard the ship with us.
speaker_heading: LONDON
dialog: Carfax District Lunatic Asylum
text: A storm rages over London
dialog: The patients are in a frenzy
text: Dr. Seward in his office dictating
dialog: RENFIELD (screaming): The Master of all life is at hand!
dialog: Gather round! I am here to do your bidding, Master! I have
dialog: worshipped you long and far off! Now that you are near, Master,
dialog: I am your slave! I await your command!
dialog: SEWARD: The case of Renfield grows more interesting. Yet there
dialog: is method in his madness, with his flies and spiders. Had I the
dialog: secret of even one such brilliant mind, the key to the fantasy
dialog: of one lunatic. (He injects himself with morphine) Lucy! Lucy!
dialog: The Demeter approaches land
text: A wolf jumps to shore and runs down the street
speaker_heading: KENT
speaker_heading: LATE THAT NIGHT
dialog: Hillingham Estate
text: Lucy sleepwalks out her bedroom door into the garden
text: Mina attempts to follows her into the garden maze
dialog: MINA: Lucy! Lucy! Lucy! Lucy! Lucy!
text: Mina finds Lucy lying on bench near the family burial vault
text: being raped and bitten by Dracula in wolfman form
dialog: Dracula sees Mina
dialog: DRACULA: No! Do not see me!
dialog: Mina runs to Lucy
dialog: MINA: Lucy, Lucy!
dialog: LUCY: I couldn't control myself.
dialog: MINA: Lucy, you're dreaming. You're walking in your sleep
dialog: again.
dialog: LUCY (in extreme confusion and agitation): My soul seemed to
dialog: leave my body. There was this agonizing feeling and, when it
dialog: came back to me, I saw you shaking me.
dialog: MINA: You're all right, Lucy.
dialog: LUCY: I had to. It sort of pulled me and lured me and I had no
dialog: control. And those red eyes! I still have the taste of his
dialog: blood on my mouth.
speaker_heading: LONDON
speaker_heading: MORNING
speaker_heading: Carfax Abbey
dialog: Large crates are delivered to the Abbey
text: Renfield peers out the window of Carfax Asylum
dialog: RENFIELD: Master, I am here to do your bidding. Master, I am
dialog: here. I have worshipped you!
scene_heading: CONTRARY TO SOME BELIEFS, THE VAMPIRE, LIKE ANY OTHER NIGHT
text: CREATURE, CAN MOVE ABOUT BY DAY THOUGH IT IS NOT HIS NATURAL
dialog: TIME AND HIS POWERS ARE WEAK.
text: A young-looking Dracula rises from a box of earth
scene_heading: HEADLINES FROM VARIOUS NEWSPAPERS:
dialog: dated July 7, 1897
dialog: The Pall Mall Gazette
speaker_heading: WOLF ESCAPES FROM ZOO
dialog: The Times
scene_heading: STRANGEST STORM ON RECORD
dialog: The Standard
speaker_heading: MYSTERY SCHOONER
dialog: Crew Missing
speaker_heading: EVENING 8 PM
dialog: In the streets of London
text: Dracula walks along the sidewalk
dialog: CRIER: See the amazing cinematograph! A wonder of modern
dialog: civilization! An amazing sensation....
dialog: Enter Mina
text: Dracula sees Mina enter a pharmacist shop
dialog: DRACULA: See me. See me now.
dialog: NEWS HAWKER: Escaped wolf from zoo still at large! Paper, sir?
dialog: (Dracula buys a paper) Thank you, sir.
dialog: Mina exits the pharmacy
dialog: Dracula bumps into Mina
dialog: DRACULA: My humblest apologies. Forgive my ignorance. I have
dialog: recently arrived from abroad and I do not know your city. Is a
dialog: beautiful lady...
dialog: MINA: You may purchase a street atlas for six pence. Good day.
dialog: Mina turns away
dialog: DRACULA: I have offended you. I am only looking for the
dialog: cinematograph. I understand it is a wonder of the civilized
dialog: world.
dialog: MINA: If you seek culture, then visit a museum. London is
dialog: filled with them. Excuse me.
dialog: Mina walks away
text: She rounds a corner, and there stands Dracula
dialog: DRACULA: A woman so lovely and intelligent should not be
text: walking the streets of London without her gentleman.
dialog: MINA: Do I know you, sir? Are you acquainted with my husband?
dialog: Shall I call the police?
dialog: DRACULA: Husband? I shall bother you no more.
dialog: Dracula turns away
dialog: MINA: Sir, it is I who have been rude. If you are looking...
dialog: DRACULA: Please, permit me to introduce myself. I am Prince
dialog: Vlad of Szekely.
dialog: MINA: A prince, no less?
dialog: DRACULA: I am your servant.
dialog: MINA: Wilhelmina Murray.
dialog: DRACULA: I am honored, Madame Mina.
dialog: MINA: This way.
speaker_heading: KENT
speaker_heading: MEANWHILE
dialog: The Foyer at Hillingham Estate
dialog: The butler admits Dr. Seward
dialog: SEWARD: Hello. Mr. Holmwood asked me to stop by to see Miss
dialog: Lucy.
dialog: BUTLER: Yes, sir.
text: Butler leads Seward into parlour
text: where Lucy is being fitted in her wedding gown
dialog: BUTLER: Dr. Seward, Miss Lucy.
dialog: SEWARD: Thank you.
dialog: LUCY: Oh, Jack. Brilliant Jack. Do you like it? (She twirls
dialog: in the dress) Did Arthur put you up to this or did you want me
dialog: alone just once before I'm married?
dialog: SEWARD: Miss Lucy, you are embarrassing me. I am here as your
dialog: doctor. Your fiance is very worried about you, and I assure you
dialog: a doctor's confidence is sacred. I must have your complete
dialog: trust.
dialog: LUCY: Help me, Jack. I don't know what's happening to me. I'm
dialog: changing. I can feel it. I can hear everything. I hear the
text: servants at the other end of the house whispering. I hear mice
dialog: in the attic stomping like elephants. But I'm having horrible
dialog: nightmares, Jack. The eyes! Oh, Jack.
dialog: SEWARD: I'm here, Lucy. Nothing will harm you.
dialog: Seward injects Lucy with morphine
dialog: LUCY: Owww.
dialog: SEWARD: Let it work. Lucy.
dialog: LUCY: Oh, Jack. Kiss me.
text: Seward gives Lucy a peck on the lips
text: Outside, Morris and Holmwood ride up on horseback
dialog: MORRIS: And may I say Miss Lucy is hotter than a June bride
text: riding bareback buck-naked in the middle of the...
dialog: HOLMWOOD: I would watch my colonial tongue, if I were you.
dialog: They get off their horses
text: Dr. Seward exits from the front door
dialog: HOLMWOOD: Hello again. And how is our lovely patient today?
dialog: SEWARD: Well, frankly, Arthur, I'm confounded.
dialog: MORRIS: Oh, Jack, are you still brooding over Miss Lucy?
dialog: SEWARD: I can only conclude it must be something mental.
dialog: HOLMWOOD: How very drole. Did you hear that, Quince? Last
dialog: week he wants to marry her, and now he wants to have her
dialog: committed. Let's go have a look at her, shall we?
text: Holmwood, Seward and Morris enter the parlour
text: Lucy lies on the couch, wheezing
dialog: SEWARD: I'm at a loss, I admit. I've taken the liberty of
dialog: cabling Abraham Van Helsing, a metaphysician philosopher.
dialog: MORRIS: Sounds like a goddam witchdoctor to me, Jack.
dialog: SEWARD: Van Helsing knows more about obscure diseases than any
dialog: man in the world. He's my teacher and mentor.
dialog: HOLMWOOD: Do it, man. Bring him here. Spare no expense.
dialog: Exit Seward, Morris and Holmwood
speaker_heading: LONDON
speaker_heading: MEANWHILE
dialog: The London Cinematograph
dialog: Dracula and Mina watch a cinematomovie
dialog: DRACULA: Astounding! There are no limits to science.
dialog: MINA: How can you call this science? Do you think Madame
dialog: Currie would invite such comparisons? Really! I shouldn't have
dialog: come here. I must go.
text: Mina turns to leave
text: Dracula holds her by the arm
dialog: DRACULA: Do not fear me.
text: He steers her into a back room and makes her lie on a couch
text: He leans over her
dialog: MINA: Stop this! Stop this!
speaker_heading: DRACULA: (speaks in Romanian)
dialog: MINA: God, who are you? I know you!
dialog: DRACULA: I have crossed oceans of time to find you.
text: Dracula's vampire teeth elongate but he resists biting
dialog: Enter white wolf
text: Cinematograph patrons scatter in fear
text: Wolf snarls at Mina
dialog: DRACULA: (Calls to wolf in Romanian) Come here, Mina.
dialog: Mina pets wolf
dialog: DRACULA: He likes you. There is much to be learned from beasts.
speaker_heading: KENT
speaker_heading: LATER THAT NIGHT
dialog: The Front Gate at Hillingham Estate
text: Dracula's carriage drives up
text: Mina exits carriage and reluctantly enters the gates
dialog: TELEGRAM FROM JACK SEWARD TO ABRAHAM VAN HELSING: ...do not
text: lose an hour. A dear friend near death. A disease of the blood
dialog: unknown to all medical theory. I am in desparate need. Jack
dialog: Seward.
speaker_heading: LONDON
speaker_heading: THE NEXT DAY
text: A classroom at a Medical College
text: Dr. Abraham Van Helsing displays a vampire bat to medical
dialog: students
dialog: HELSING: the vampire bat must consume 10 times its
dialog: own weight in fresh blood each day or its own blood cells will
dialog: die. Cute little vermin, Ja? Blood and the diseases of the
dialog: blood such as syphillis will concern us here. The very name
dialog: 'venereal diseases', the 'diseases of Venus', imputes to them
dialog: divine origin. They are involved in that sex problem about
dialog: which the ethics and ideals of Christian civilization are
dialog: concerned. In fact, civilization and syphillization have
dialog: advanced together.
dialog: Enter Assistant
text: He hands an envelope to Van Helsing
dialog: HELSING: What is this?
dialog: ASSISTANT: It's from the telegraph, Professor.
text: Van Helsing reads the telegram
dialog: HELSING: Hmm, thank you. Gentlemen, thank you, that will be
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: MEANWHILE
speaker_heading: T R A N S Y L V A N I A
dialog: Castle Dracula
dialog: JONATHAN HARKER'S JOURNAL: Dawn. These may be the last words I
dialog: write in this journal. Dracula has left me with these women,
dialog: these devils of the pit. They drain my blood to keep me weak,
dialog: barely alive so I cannot escape. I will try one last time today
dialog: to escape to the water. There must be passageway to the river
dialog: and then away from this cursed land where the devil and his
text: children still walk with earthly feet.
speaker_heading: E N G L A N D
speaker_heading: KENT
speaker_heading: THAT EVENING
dialog: Hillingham Estate
text: Dracula arrives at the patio doors to Lucy's bedroom
text: Van Helsing arrives at the front door
dialog: FROM VAN HELSING'S NOTES: For the record, I do attest that at
dialog: this point I Abraham Van Helsing became personally involved with
dialog: these strange events.
dialog: In the foyer
text: Van Helsing is greeted by Jack Seward
dialog: SEWARD: Professor Van Helsing, how good of you to come!
dialog: HELSING: I always come to my friends in need when they call me.
dialog: So, Jack, tell me everything about your case.
dialog: SEWARD: She has all the usual physical anemic signs.
speaker_heading: HELSING: Ja.
dialog: SEWARD: Her blood analyzes normal and yet it is not. She
dialog: manifests continued blood loss but I cannot trace the cause.
dialog: HELSING: Blood loss? How?
speaker_heading: LUCY: (Screams)
text: Van Helsing and Seward run to Lucy's bedroom
dialog: Exit Dracula's shadow
dialog: HELSING: My God, close the door.
text: Seward closes the patio doors
dialog: Helsing examines Lucy
text: HELSING: My God, she's only a child. (He notices bites on
dialog: neck) Ja, my God. There's no time to be lost. There must be a
dialog: transfusion at once. Take off your coat. You remember how to
dialog: tie a tourniquet, don't you, or have you forgotten?
dialog: SEWARD: You've perfected a procedure?
dialog: HELSING: Perfected, no. I've only experimented .
dialog: Animals, goats, sheeps. If hemolysis occurs in the blood or the
dialog: serum, her red blood cells will explode. She will die. Here,
dialog: take this tube.
text: Arthur Holmwood bursts through the bedroom door
dialog: HOLMWOOD: What in God's name is going on up here?
dialog: SEWARD: This is Professor Van Helsing, Art.
dialog: HOLMWOOD: Well, what the hell is he doing to Lucy.?
dialog: SEWARD: He's trying to save her life.
dialog: HOLMWOOD: Good God.
dialog: HELSING: You're the fiance? Please, please, take off your
dialog: coat. This young lady is very ill, she's dying, she wants
dialog: blood, and blood she must have. Take off your coat.
dialog: SEWARD: Roll up your sleeve, Arthur.
dialog: ARTHUR: Oh, God.
dialog: HELSING: Roll it up!
dialog: SEWARD: This may hurt a little, Art.
text: Seward inserts a needle into a vein in Holmwood's arm
dialog: HOLMWOOD: OW! Forgive me, sir. My life is hers. I would give
dialog: my last drop of blood to save her.
dialog: HELSING: Your last drop? Thank you, you are very welcomed
dialog: here. I do not ask as much as that--not yet.
dialog: SEWARD: Hold her hand.
text: Seward inserts needle into a vein in Lucy's arm
speaker_heading: LATER THAT EVENING
dialog: In the garden
dialog: Enter Seward, Holmwood and Morris
dialog: HOLMWOOD: But Jack, that poor creature has had the blood of two
dialog: men put into her already.
dialog: MORRIS: Man alive, her whole body couldn't hold that much
dialog: blood. What took it out?
dialog: Enter Van Helsing
dialog: HELSING: That's a good question, Mr. Morris.
dialog: SEWARD: Those marks on her throat. No disease, no trituration,
dialog: I'm sure the blood loss occurred there.
dialog: HELSING: Oh? Where did the blood go? You were once a careful
dialog: student, Jack. Use your brain. Where did the blood go, tell me.
dialog: SEWARD: The bed clothes would be covered in blood.
dialog: HELSING: Exactly. You do not let your eyes see nor your ears
dialog: hear that which you cannot account for.
dialog: SEWARD: Something just went up there, sucked it out of her, and
dialog: flew away, I suppose?
dialog: HELSING: Ja, why not?
dialog: ARTHUR: That's brilliant. That's absolutely brilliant. Will
dialog: one of you learned doctors, or whatever you are, kindly tell me
dialog: what is going on with my Lucy?
dialog: HELSING: Jack, you are a scientist. You do not think that
dialog: there are things in this universe which you cannot understand
dialog: and which are true--mesmerism, hypnotism...
dialog: SEWARD (turning away): You and Charcot have proved hypnotism!
speaker_heading: HELSING (his voice
dialog: fading):...telekinesis...materialization...astral bodies...
dialog: SEWARD: Professor?
dialog: HOLMWOOD: Where the hell did he go?
speaker_heading: HELSING: See?
dialog: SEWARD: I feel like a blundering novice.
dialog: HELSING: Gentlemen, we're not fighting some disease here.
dialog: Those marks on your dear Miss Lucy's neck were made by something
dialog: unspeakable out there, dead but not dead. It stalks us for some
dialog: dread purpose I do not yet comprehend. To live, it feeds on
text: Lucy's precious blood. It is a beast, a monster.
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
dialog: Lucy's bedroom
dialog: Lucy sleeps
dialog: Mina watches over her
dialog: MINA (to herself): What is happening to Lucy and to me? When I
dialog: was younger, my feelings were never troubled. I wish I were
dialog: myself again, the sensible Mina I've always depended on.
speaker_heading: LONDON
speaker_heading: EARLY EVENING
text: At a private table in a restaurant
text: Dracula pours a drink for Mina
dialog: DRACULA: Absinthe is the aphrodisiac of the soul. The green
dialog: fury who lives in the absinthe wants your soul. But you are
dialog: safe with me.
dialog: MINA: Tell me, Prince, tell me of your home.
dialog: DRACULA: The most beautiful place in all creation.
dialog: MINA: Yes, it must be. A land beyond a great, vast forest
text: surrounded by majestic mountains, lush vineyards, and flowers of
dialog: such frailty and beauty as to be found nowhere else.
dialog: DRACULA: You describe my home as if you had seen it firsthand.
dialog: MINA: It's your voice, perhaps. It's so familiar. It's like
dialog: a...it's like a voice in a dream I cannot place, and it comforts
dialog: me when I am alone. And what of the princess?
speaker_heading: DRACULA: Princess?
text: MINA: There is always a princess with gowns flowing white. Her
dialog: face...her face is the river. The princess, she is the river
text: filled with tears and with sadness and with heartbreak.
dialog: DRACULA: There was a princess...Elisabeta. She was the most
dialog: radiant woman in all the empires of the world. Man's deceit
text: took her from her ancient prince. She leapt to her death into
dialog: the river that you spoke of. In my mother's tongue, it is
dialog: called "Artzeche (or Arges?)", River Princess.
speaker_heading: MEANWHILE
speaker_heading: T R A N S Y L V A N I A
dialog: Castle Dracula
text: Harker climbs out a window, moves along a ledge
text: and plunges into the river below
text: He follows the river upstream and comes upon a convent
speaker_heading: SEVERAL DAYS LATER
speaker_heading: E N G L A N D
speaker_heading: KENT
dialog: Hillingham Estate
text: In the garden, Mina reads a letter
dialog: LETTER FROM SISTER AGATHA TO MINA MURRAY: Dear Madam, your
dialog: fiance is safe and in the care of the good sisters of the
dialog: blessed sacrement. Mr. Harker believes your life is in extreme
dialog: danger, and he desires with all urgency that you join him here
dialog: so that you may immediately be married. Yours with all
dialog: blessings, Sister Agatha.
dialog: MINA: My sweet Prince. Jonathan must never know of us.
text: Mina runs up the stairs to Lucy's bedroom door
dialog: MINA: Lucy! Lucy!
dialog: Van Helsing and Seward intercept Mina
dialog: HELSING: Abraham Van Helsing.
dialog: MINA: Dr. Van Helsing.
dialog: VAN HELSING: You are Madam Mina, dear friend to our Lucy, Ja?
dialog: MINA: How is she, doctor?
dialog: VAN HELSING: She is still very weak. She tells me of your
dialog: beloved Jonathan Harker and your worry for him. Well, I too
text: worry for all young lovers. (He holds her as if to dance) La
dialog: de da da. The darkness is not the Light, my child, and there
dialog: are Lights. You are one of the Lights, dear Mina, the Light of
dialog: all Light. Go now, see your friend.
text: Mina and Seward enter Lucy's room
dialog: Lucy lies in bed
dialog: LUCY: You look different, Mina, you look positively radiant.
dialog: You've heard from Jonathan, haven't you?
dialog: MINA: Yes. He's safe, Lucy. He's in a convent in Romania.
text: He's suffering from a violent brain fever. The good sisters are
dialog: caring for them. They wrote to me and they say he needs me but
dialog: I won't go. I'm not going to leave you.
dialog: LUCY: Mina, you've got to go to him. You've got to love him
dialog: and marry him right then and there. And I want you to take
dialog: this, my sister.
text: Lucy takes off a ring from her finger
dialog: and hands it to Mina
dialog: MINA: No.
dialog: LUCY: It's my wedding gift to you.
dialog: MINA: No, Lucy, no.
dialog: LUCY: Don't worry aout spoiled little Lucy. I'll be all right.
dialog: Tell Jonathan oceans of love.
dialog: Mina kisses Lucy
dialog: Enter Quincey Morris
dialog: MORRIS: How is she?
text: Mina places flowers on Lucy's bedtable
text: LUCY (begins to writhe and pull at garlic cloves tied around her
dialog: neck): Oh, oh. This is why I can't breathe!
dialog: HELSING (springs to Lucy's side): Lucy, Lucy. It's
dialog: medicinal...to help you sleep, Lucy. It's for the bad dreams.
dialog: LUCY: It's garlic! It's nothing but garlic.
dialog: SEWARD: Lucy, Quincey's here. Quincey's here to see you. (To
dialog: Mina) Tell Franz to get some brandy.
dialog: LUCY: Oh, Quincey.
dialog: MORRIS: Now, Miss Lucy, you just rest easy. Arthur sent me to
dialog: take care of you. He said if you don't get better right quick I
dialog: have to put you out of your misery like a lame horse.
dialog: LUCY: Quincey, you're such a beast. Will you kiss me, Quincey?
dialog: Kiss me.
dialog: Morris bends to kiss Lucy
text: She bites at his neck
text: Van Helsing pulls Morris away and holds Lucy down
dialog: MORRIS: You old coot!
dialog: LUCY: Get off me!
dialog: VAN HELSING: Lucy, listen to me. Sleep, sleep now, sleep.
text: There, there. (He looks at the fangs in her gums) Ja.
dialog: Nosferatu.
speaker_heading: LONDON
speaker_heading: LATER
dialog: Van Helsing's study
dialog: Van Helsing reads from the book Vampyre
dialog: HELSING: "Here occurs the shocking and frightening history of
dialog: the wild berserker, Prince Dracula, how he impaled people and
dialog: roasted them, boiled their heads in a kettle, how he skinned
dialog: them alive and hacked them to pieces and then drank their
dialog: blood." Ja, Dracul! Her blood is the life.
speaker_heading: MEANWHILE
dialog: In the restaurant
text: Dracula awaits Mina's arrival
dialog: Enter Waitor
text: He hands a note to Dracula
dialog: NOTE FROM MINA TO PRINCE VLAD: My dearest Prince, forgive me.
dialog: I have received word from my fiance in Romania. I am en route
dialog: to join him. We are to be married. I will never see you again.
dialog: Mina.
speaker_heading: DRACULA: (Cries)
scene_heading: ----------------------------------------------------------------
dialog: On a boat crossing the English Channel
text: Mina throws mementos into the ocean
dialog: MINA (to herself): It's odd but I feel almost that my strange
dialog: friend is with me. He speaks to me in my thoughts. With him, I
dialog: felt more alive than ever I had. And now, without him, soon to
dialog: be a bride, I feel confused and lost. Perhaps, though I try to
dialog: be good, I am bad. Perhaps I am a bad, inconstant woman.
scene_heading: ----------------------------------------------------------------
speaker_heading: LONDON
speaker_heading: MEANWHILE
dialog: In the restaurant
dialog: DRACULA (crying): Winds! Winds!
dialog: Van Helsing's Study
text: Winds blow out the candles
dialog: HELSING: It is the cause. It is the cause, my soul. It is
dialog: Dracula, the undead, the foe I have pursued all my life.
dialog: Helsing rushes to Hillingham Estate
dialog: HELSING: Dracula! Jack, hurry, I have much to tell you.
text: Quincey Morris comes out the front door
dialog: HELSING: Guard her well, Mr. Morris. Do not fail here tonight.
dialog: We are giving the forces beyond all human experience an
dialog: enormous power. So guard her well, otherwise your precious Lucy
dialog: will become a bitch of the devil, a whore of darkness.
dialog: MORRIS: Well you're a sick old buzzard!
dialog: HELSING: Hear me out, young man. Lucy is not a random victim
dialog: attacked by mere accident, do you understand? No, she is the
dialog: willing recruit, a breathless follower, a wanton follower, I
dialog: dare say, a devoted disciple and the devil's concubine, do you
dialog: understand me? Yet we may still save her precious soul but not
dialog: on an empty stomach. Jack?
dialog: SEWARD (from a carriage): Yes, sir.
dialog: HELSING: I starve. Feed me.
dialog: MORRIS: You old coot!
text: Van Helsing and Seward ride off in a carriage
speaker_heading: THAT NIGHT
dialog: R O M A N I A / E N G L A N D
dialog: A Church in Romania/Lucy's Bedroom at Hillingham
text: Mina and Harker stand before the altar
text: Dracula stands before the patio doors to Lucy's bedroom
dialog: DRACULA: Your impotent men with their foolish spells cannot
dialog: protect you from my power. I condemn you to living death, to
dialog: eternal hunger for living blood!
dialog: Mina and Harker drink wine in marriage
dialog: Dracula drinks Lucy's blood in marriage
speaker_heading: THE NEXT DAY
dialog: The Parlour at Hillingham Estate
dialog: Lucy lies in state
text: Relatives, friends, servants, Holmwood, Morris and Seward attend
dialog: Enter Van Helsing
dialog: HELSING: Psst, Jack. Jack, I know how deeply you loved her.
dialog: That is why you must trust me and believe.
dialog: SEWARD: Believe, how can I believe?
dialog: HELSING: I want you to bring me before nightfall a set of
dialog: postmortem knives.
dialog: SEWARD: To autopsy Lucy?
dialog: HELSING: No, no, not exactly. I just want to cut off her head
dialog: and take out her heart.
dialog: Seward off away in disgust
speaker_heading: HELSING: Jack?
speaker_heading: LONDON
speaker_heading: SEVERAL WEEKS LATER
dialog: MINA MURRAY'S DIARY, 17th September: Poor Jonathan, still so
dialog: ill. He is cheered by the familiar streets of London. For me,
text: now that Lucy is dead, it is a sad homecoming. It's as if a
dialog: part of me is dead, too, except for the tiny hope that lives in
dialog: me that I will again see my Prince. Is he here? Now that I am
dialog: married, I begin to understand the nature of my feelings for my
dialog: strange friend who is always in my thoughts.
text: Mina and Harker enter a carriage
text: Harker stares out the window
dialog: MINA: Jonathan, what is it?
dialog: HARKER: It is the man himself! There, look! He's grown young!
dialog: Harker points to Dracula
text: but the carriage drives off before Mina can see him
speaker_heading: KENT
speaker_heading: LATE AT NIGHT
dialog: Lucy's Tomb
dialog: Enter Van Helsing, Morris, Holmwood and Seward
dialog: HOLMWOOD: Gentlemen, must we desecrate poor Lucy's grave? She
dialog: died horribly enough.
dialog: HELSING: If Miss Lucy is dead, no wrong can be done to her.
dialog: But if she's not dead, well...
dialog: HOLMWOOD: What are you saying, man? That she's been buried
dialog: alive?
dialog: HELSING: No. All I say is that she is undead.
dialog: HOLMWOOD: Undead? Oh, this is insane.
dialog: They hammer off the locks
dialog: HELSING: Gentlemen, shall we? 1..2...3!
text: They push the lid off the coffin
dialog: It is empty
dialog: HOLMWOOD: Where is she? Where is she! What have you done with
dialog: her?
dialog: HELSING: She lives beyond the grace of God, a wanderer in the
dialog: outer darkness. She is vampyre, Nosferatu. These creatures do
dialog: not die like the bee after the first sting but instead grow
text: strong and become immortal once infected by another Nosferatu.
dialog: So, my friends, we fight not one beast but legions that go on
dialog: age after age after age, feeding on the blood of the living.
text: Suddenly there is noise outside the tomb
text: They hear a child crying
dialog: HELSING: Quickely, hide! Hide, now!
text: Enter Lucy, carrying a toddler
dialog: HELSING: Lucy! Lucy!
text: Lucy sees Holmwood
dialog: LUCY: Come to me, Arthur. Leave these others and come to me.
dialog: I am so hungry for you, my darling. Kiss me and caress me, my
dialog: darling husband, please!
text: Van Helsing holds up a crucifix
dialog: Lucy recoils
dialog: HELSING: We're strong in the Lord and in the power of His
dialog: might! We're strong in the Lord and in the power of His might!
dialog: Our God is upon us. We're strong in the Lord and in the power
dialog: of His might! We're strong in the Lord and in the power of His
dialog: might!
text: Lucy backs into her coffin
dialog: HELSING: We're strong in the Lord and in the power of His
dialog: might! Ex umbre se lucia.
text: Lucy belches up a stream of blood
dialog: HELSING: I bring you from shadow into light. I cast you out,
dialog: the Prince of Darkness, into hell. (He hands stake to Holmwood)
dialog: A moment's courage and it is done. Take the stake in your left
text: hand, place the point on the heart, and in God's name strike.
dialog: Do it now!
text: Holmwood drives stake through Lucy's heart
text: Van Helsing cuts off her head
speaker_heading: LONDON
speaker_heading: THE NEXT EVENING
dialog: In a restaurant
text: Van Helsing, Mina and Harker dine together on roast beef
dialog: HELSING: Eat. Feast. You need your strength for the dark days
dialog: ahead. Mina.
speaker_heading: MINA: Doctor?
speaker_heading: HELSING: Ja?
dialog: MINA: How did Lucy die? Was she in great pain?
dialog: HELSING: Ja, she was in great pain. Then we cut off her head
dialog: and drove a stake through her heart and burned it and then she
dialog: found peace.
dialog: HARKER: Doctor! Please!
dialog: HELSING: So, Mr. Harker, I must now ask you as your doctor a
dialog: sensitive question. During your infidelity with those
dialog: creatures, those demonic women, did you for one instant taste of
dialog: their blood?
speaker_heading: HARKER: No.
speaker_heading: HELSING: No?
speaker_heading: HARKER: No.
dialog: HELSING: Good! Then you have not infected your blood with the
dialog: terrible disease that destroyed poor Lucy.
text: Mina leans over and kisses Harker
dialog: HARKER: Doctor, you must understand. I doubted everything,
dialog: even my mind. I was impotent with fear.
dialog: HELSING: I know.
dialog: HARKER: But, sir, I know where the bastard sleeps. I brought
dialog: him there to Carfax Abbey.
dialog: HELSING: Vampires do exist, and this one we fight, this one we
dialog: face, has the strength of 20 or more people, and you can testify
dialog: to that, Mr. Harker.
speaker_heading: SUNDOWN
speaker_heading: Carfax Abbey
dialog: Van Helsing, Holmwood, Morris, Harker, Seward and dogs
dialog: prepare to enter
dialog: HELSING: ...But he can also control the meaner things of
text: life--the bat, the rodent, the wolf. He can appear as mist, as
dialog: vapor, as fog, and vanish at will. Now, all these things
dialog: Dracula can do but he is not free. He must rest in the sacred
dialog: dirt of his homeland to regain his evil power, and it is here
dialog: that you must find him and destroy him utterly. Jack...
dialog: MINA: I almost feel pity for anything so hunted as this count.
dialog: HARKER: How can you pity such a creature?
dialog: SEWARD: I'l take Mina to my quarters. You'll be safer there.
dialog: HELSING: Mr. Morris, your bullets will not harm him. He must
dialog: be beheaded. I suggest you use your big Bowie knife.
dialog: MORRIS: Well, I wasn't planning on getting that close, doc.
text: Renfield watches from his cell window
dialog: as the men enter Carfax Abbey
dialog: RENFIELD: Master! Master! Master!
dialog: Seward and Mina enter Carfax Asylum
dialog: RENFIELD: Dr. Jack, I've been promised eternal life!
dialog: MINA: Dr. Seward, who is that man?
dialog: SEWARD: Mr. Renfield. This is no place for you, Madam Mina.
dialog: MINA: Renfield. I must see him.
dialog: SEWARD: Mr. Renfield, behave yourself. This is Mrs. Harker.
dialog: RENFIELD: Good evening.
dialog: MINA: Good evening, Mr. Renfield.
dialog: RENFIELD: It seems that I've been rather naughty. I know you.
dialog: You're the bride my Master covets.
dialog: MINA: I have a husband. I am Mrs. Harker.
dialog: RENFIELD: My Master tells me about you.
dialog: MINA: What does he tell you?
dialog: RENFIELD: That he's coming, that he's coming for you. Oh,
dialog: please, don't stay here. Get away from these men. Please. I
dialog: pray to God I may never see your sweet face again. May the Lord
dialog: bless you and keep you.
dialog: Exit Mina
dialog: RENFIELD: Master! Master, you promised ME eternal life but you
dialog: give it to the pretty woman! Doctor Jack. I'm no lunatic man.
dialog: I'm a sane man fighting for his soul.
text: Seward opens the door to his quarters
dialog: He and Mina enter
dialog: SEWARD: My quarters are spare but I think you will find them
dialog: comfortable. Water and toiletries at your disposal. You'll be
dialog: completely safe here.
speaker_heading: MEANWHILE
dialog: In Carfax Abbey
dialog: HELSING: Destroy every box. Sterilize the earth inside. Leave
text: him no refuge. Let the exorcism begin.
dialog: They break open the boxes
text: Exit Dracula in the form of a bat
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
dialog: Renfield's Cell at Carfax Asylum
text: Enter Dracula in the form of green mist
dialog: DRACULA: Renfield, you have betrayed me.
dialog: RENFIELD: No. No, Master. No, I serve you. I serve only you.
dialog: Dracula kills Renfield
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
dialog: Seward's Quarters at Carfax Asylum
dialog: Enter Dracula as green mist
text: He crawls under the bedcovers
dialog: Mina awakens
dialog: MINA: Yes, my love, you found me.
dialog: DRACULA: My most precious life.
dialog: MINA: I've wanted this to happen. I know that now. I want to
dialog: be with you always.
dialog: DRACULA: You cannot know what you are saying.
dialog: MINA: Yes, I do. I feared I would never feel your touch again.
dialog: I thought you were dead.
dialog: DRACULA: There is no life in this body.
dialog: MINA: But you live! You live! What are you? I must know!
dialog: You must tell me!
dialog: DRACULA: I am nothing, lifeless, soulless, hated and feared. I
dialog: am dead to all the world...hear me! I am the monster the
dialog: breathing men would kill. I am Dracula.
dialog: Mina beats at Dracula
dialog: MINA: No! You murdered Lucy! (She collapses in his arms) I
dialog: love you. Oh, God forgive me, I do. I want to be what you are,
dialog: see what you see, love what you love.
dialog: DRACULA: Mina, to walk with me, you must die to your breathing
dialog: life and be reborn to mine.
dialog: MINA: You are my love and my life always.
dialog: DRACULA: Then I give you life eternal, everlasting love, the
dialog: power over the storm and the beasts of the earth. Walk with me
dialog: to be my loving wife forever.
dialog: MINA: I will. Yes, yes.
dialog: Dracula drinks from Mina
text: He opens a vein in his chest
dialog: DRACULA: Mina! Mina, drink and join me in eternal life.
dialog: Mina drinks
text: Dracula suddenly pushes Mina away
dialog: DRACULA: No, I cannot let this be.
dialog: MINA: Please, I don't care. Make me yours.
dialog: DRACULA: You'll be cursed as I am and walk through the shadow
dialog: of death for all eternity. I love you too much to condemn you.
dialog: MINA: Then take me away from all this death!
dialog: Mina continues to drink
text: The door bursts open
dialog: Enter Harker, Van Helsing, Morris, Holmwood and Seward
speaker_heading: HARKER: Mina!
text: Van Helsing holds up a crucifix and begins an exorcism
text: The crucifix catches fire and he drops it
dialog: DRACULA (in the form of a bat): You think you can destroy me
dialog: with your idols, I who served the cross, I who commanded nations
dialog: hundreds of years before you.
dialog: HELSING: Your armies were defeated. You tortured and impaled
dialog: thousands of people!
dialog: DRACULA: I was betrayed. Look what your God has done to me!
dialog: HELSING: No, your war with God is over. You must pay for your
dialog: crimes.
text: Van Helsing sprinkles Dracula with holy water
dialog: and continues the exorcism
dialog: HELSING: Christ compells you!
dialog: DRACULA: She is now mine!
dialog: HELSING: No!
text: Harker attempts to shoot Dracula but Mina grabs his arm
dialog: MINA: No!
text: Harker's shot hits Dracula in the chest
text: Dracula backs into a dark corner
dialog: HELSING: Lights, all lights!
dialog: Dracula transposes into hundreds of rats
text: which scurry across the floor
dialog: MINA: Unclean! Unclean!
dialog: HELSING: Get them. Get them. They must be found!
dialog: MINA: Unclean!
speaker_heading: LATER THAT NIGHT
dialog: Carfax Abbey burns
dialog: Van Helsing speaks with Mina
dialog: HELSING: We have learned something much. Draculea fears us.
dialog: He fears time for, if not, why does he hurry so?
dialog: MINA: He is calm.
dialog: HELSING: How do you know?
dialog: MINA: He speaks to me.
dialog: HELSING: He has a strong mind connection to you. His heart was
dialog: strong enough to survive the grave.
dialog: MINA: You admire him.
dialog: HELSING: Ja. He was in life a most remarkable man. His mind
dialog: was great and powerful, but greater is the necessity to stamp
dialog: him out and destroy him utterly.
speaker_heading: MINA: Doctor?
speaker_heading: HELSING: Ja?
dialog: MINA: I know that I am becoming like him.
dialog: HELSING: Your salvation is his destruction. That is why I want
dialog: to hypnotize you. I want you to help me find him, Mina. Before
dialog: it is too late, please help me find him. Please. Look into
dialog: this light, the light of all light, into this flame. Your eyes
dialog: are heavy. You want to sleep. Sleep now. Sleep...
dialog: MINA: He calls to me.
dialog: HELSING: What do you hear? What do you hear, child? What do
dialog: you hear?
dialog: MINA: My Prince is calling me. He is traveling across icy seas
dialog: to his beloved home. There he will grow strong again. I am
text: coming to him to partake of his strength.
scene_heading: ******************************
speaker_heading: SEVERAL DAYS LATER
speaker_heading: T R A N S Y L V A N I A
dialog: On a Train
dialog: JONATHAN HARKER'S DIARY, 28th October: We left London by train
dialog: and crossed the English Channel that night in stormy seas, no
text: doubt from the passage of the Count's ship. He commands the
dialog: winds. But we still have the advantage. By train, we can reach
dialog: the Romanian port at Varna in three days. By ship, it will take
dialog: him at least a week. From Paris, we traveled through the Alps
text: to Buda-Pesth. The Count must sail around the rock of
dialog: Gibraltor, where we have posted a lookout, and then on to the
dialog: Black Sea port at Varna where we will meet his ship and burn it
dialog: into the sea.
text: Mina, breathing hard, lies prostrate in her train seat
text: HELSING: The vampire has baptized her with his own blood. Her
dialog: blood is dying, my friend. It's no use.
text: Harker sits next to Mina
dialog: HARKER: I will not let you go to the unknown alone.
text: Mina notices that Harker's hair has turned grey
dialog: MINA: Oh, what have I done to you!
dialog: HARKER: No, I have done this to both of us.
dialog: MINA: He's coming closer. He's calling me to him.
dialog: HARKER: Mina! Mina, stay with me, please.
dialog: MINA: I'm so cold.
text: ABRAHAM VAN HELSING'S JOURNAL: Holmwood received a wire from
dialog: his clerk at Lloyd's: "The Count's ship sailed past us in the
dialog: night fog to the northern port of Galatz." The black devil is
dialog: reading Mina's mind.
dialog: HOLMWOOD: How can we catch him now?
dialog: HARKER (looking at a map): Varna...Galatz. It's about 200
dialog: miles. I think that with the horses we can cut him off, reach
dialog: him before he reaches the castle. I would dispatch Van Helsing
dialog: straight to Borgo Pass. If we fail in our task, you will have
dialog: to finish him.
dialog: JONATHAN HARKER'S DIARY: From Varna, Mina and Van Helsing took
text: a carriage, but we continued on the train towards Galatz where
dialog: we still hope to intercept the Count before he reaches land. I
dialog: am fearful for Mina. She is now our decoy.
scene_heading: SEVERAL EVENINGS LATER
dialog: Borgo Pass
text: Enter Mina and Van Helsing in a carriage
dialog: MINA: I know this place.
dialog: HELSING: The end of the world
dialog: MINA: We must go on.
dialog: HELSING: It is late, child. We must rest here now.
dialog: MINA: No, we must go!
dialog: HELSING: Mina!
dialog: MINA: He needs me. We must go!
dialog: JONATHAN HARKER'S JOURNAL: We are past Bistritza. Dracula has
dialog: outsmarted us again. We learned that his gypsies took charge of
text: the vampire's box at Galatz and are now on the Borgo Pass road.
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Mina and Van Helsing camp outside the castle walls
dialog: HELSING: Here...you must eat.
dialog: MINA: I am not hungry.
dialog: HELSING: Mina!
text: Mina begins to writhe and scream
dialog: Three vampiresses call to Mina
text: Mina suddenly looks hungrily at Van Helsing
dialog: MINA: You've been so good to me, Professor. I know that Lucy
dialog: harbored secret desires for you. She told me. I too know what
dialog: men desire.
dialog: Mina and Van Helsing kiss
dialog: MINA: Will you cut off my head and drive a stake through my
dialog: heart as you did poor Lucy, you murdering bastard?
dialog: Mina attempts to bite Van Helsing
dialog: HELSING: No! Not while I live! I've sworn to protect you!
text: Van Helsing touches a consecrated host to Mina's forehead
dialog: It burns her forehead
dialog: The vampiresses continue to call to Mina
dialog: HELSING: No! We're safe within the circle. I lost Lucy, I
dialog: will not lose you to him. Whores of Satan, this is holy ground!
dialog: Leave this place now! Leave this ground. I command you, in
dialog: the name of Christ.
dialog: The vampiresses attack and kill the horses
dialog: HELSING: No! No! No! Damn you!
speaker_heading: THE NEXT MORNING
dialog: The Crypt at Castle Dracula
text: Van Helsing finds the three vampiresses asleep on their coffins,
text: cuts off their heads and throws them in the river
speaker_heading: SUNDOWN
text: The gypsy wagon approaches Castle Dracula
dialog: DRACULA (in his box of earth): Mina! You and me!
dialog: MINA: My love.
dialog: Harker, Holmwood, Morris and Seward
dialog: race behind the gypsy wagon
dialog: HELSING: They're racing against the sunset. It may be too
dialog: late, God help us!
speaker_heading: DRACULA: Mina!
dialog: SEWARD: Charge!
text: As Seward, Harker, Morris and Holmwood charge the wagon,
dialog: Mina calls up the blue flame
text: The gypsy wagon and its followers enter the castle courtyard
dialog: The sun sinks lower
text: A gypsy stabs Morris in the back
text: Harker attempts to open Dracula's box
dialog: The sun sets
text: Dracula breaks out of his box
text: Harker slits Dracula's neck
dialog: HOLMWOOD: Quincey!
text: Morris leaps forward and stabs Dracula through the heart
dialog: MINA: No!
text: Holmwood and Harker race forward to finish Dracula
dialog: HELSING: No!
dialog: MINA: When my time comes, will you do the same to me? Will you?
speaker_heading: HARKER: No.
text: Holmwood again advances on Dracula
dialog: HARKER: No, no wait. Let them go, let them go. Our work is
text: finished here. Hers is just begun.
dialog: Van Helsing turns to Morris
dialog: being tended to by Dr. Seward
dialog: HELSING: Quincey.
dialog: Morris dies
dialog: HELSING: We've all become God's madmen, all of us.
text: Harker's hair is black again
speaker_heading: MEANWHILE
dialog: In the castle chapel
text: Dracula lies on the floor, dying
text: Mina kneels next to him
dialog: DRACULA: Where is my God? He has forsaken me. It is finished.
dialog: MINA: Oh, my love! (She kisses him) My love!
dialog: MINA HARKER'S DIARY: There, in the presence of God, I
dialog: understood at last how my love could release us all from the
dialog: powers of darkness. Our love is stronger than death.
dialog: DRACULA: Give me peace.
text: Mina pushes the sword through Dracula's heart
text: The burn on her forehead disappears
dialog: Dracula dies
text: Mina kisses him goodbye,
text: then cuts off his head
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: (function(i,s,o,g,r,a,m){i['GoogleAnalyticsObject']=r;i[r]=i[r]||function(){
scene_heading: (i[r].q=i[r].q||[]).push(arguments)},i[r].l=1*new Date();a=s.createElement(o),
scene_heading: m=s.getElementsByTagName(o)[0];a.async=1;a.src=g;m.parentNode.insertBefore(a,m)
dialog: })(window,document,'script','//www.google-analytics.com/analytics.js','ga');
speaker_heading: ga('create', 'UA-67290913-1', 'auto');
dialog: ga('send', 'pageview');
dialog: 
