speaker_heading: "BRAVEHEART"
dialog: by
dialog: Randall Wallace
dialog: Early Draft
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. THE SCOTTISH COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: Epic beauty: cobalt mountains beneath a glowering purple sky
text: fringed with pink, as if the clouds were a lid too small for
text: the earth; a cascading landscape of boulders shrouded in
text: deep green grass; and the blue lochs, reflecting the sky. We
text: hear a voice, husky, Scottish...
speaker_heading: VOICE OVER
dialog: I will tell you of William Wallace.
scene_heading: EXT. MACANDREWS FARM - DAY
text: A farmhouse and a large barn lie nestled in a Scottish valley.
text: Riding down the roads that lead in from opposite sides are
text: Scottish noblemen in full regalia: eye-popping tartans,
text: sparkling chestplates. Even the horses are draped in scarlet.
text: Behind each nobleman rides a single page boy.
speaker_heading: VOICE OVER
dialog: Historians from England will say I
dialog: am a liar. But history is written by
dialog: those who have hung heroes.
text: Another noble rides in from the opposite side. Two more appear
text: down the road, converging on the barn.
speaker_heading: VOICE OVER
dialog: The King of Scotland had died without
dialog: a son, and the king of England, a
dialog: cruel pagan known as Edward the
dialog: Longshanks, claimed the throne for
dialog: himself. Scotlands nobles fought
dialog: him, and fought each other, over the
dialog: crown. So Longshanks invited them to
dialog: talks of truce. No weapons, one page
dialog: only.
text: The nobles eye each other cautiously, but the truce holds.
text: They enter the barn, with their pages...
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTISH FARM - DAY
text: Nestled in emerald hills are the thatched roof house and
text: barn and outbuildings of a well-run farm. The farmer, MALCOLM
text: WALLACE, and his nineteen-year-old son JOHN, both strong,
text: tough men, are riding away from the farm. They hear hooves
text: behind them and turn to see a boy riding after them.
speaker_heading: VOICE OVER
dialog: Among the farmers of that shire was
text: Malcolm Wallace, a commoner, with
dialog: his own lands and two sons: John...
text: We FAVOR JOHN WALLACE, the nineteen-year-old sitting easily
text: on his horse, beside his father...
speaker_heading: VOICE OVER
dialog: ...and William.
text: WILLIAM, a skinny eight-year-old riding bareback, catches up
text: to his father and older brother.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Told ya to stay.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I finished my chores. Where we goin'?
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: MacAndrews'. He was supposed to visit
dialog: when the truce was over.
text: They ride on, over the lush hills.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MACANDREWS FARM - DAY
text: The horses are all gone; the place looks deserted. UP ON THE
text: HILL we see the three Wallaces, looking down.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Stay here.
text: He means William. He and his elder son spur their horses.
scene_heading: AT THE BARN - DAY
text: The Wallaces ride up, looking around.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: MacAndrews!... MacAndrews!?
text: Malcolm finds a pitchfork, John the woodpile axe...
scene_heading: INT. THE BARN
text: POV from within as the door opens and a widening block of
text: sunlight illuminates the dusty shadows. Malcolm and John
text: Wallace step in, and are shocked to see...
speaker_heading: POV THE WALLACES
text: Hanging from the rafters of the barn are thirty Scottish
text: noblemen and thirty pages, their faces purple and contorted
text: by the strangulation hanging, their tongues protruding.
text: Malcolm stabs the pitchfork into the ground in useless anger;
text: John still grips the axe as he follows his father through
text: the hanging bodies of the noblemen to the back row, to see
text: the one man in commoner's dress, like theirs...
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: MacAndrews.
text: A SHUFFLE; John spins; William has entered the back door.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: William! Get out of here!
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Why would MacAndrews make so many
dialog: scarecrows?
text: Before his father and brother can think of anything to say,
text: William, with a boy's curiosity, touches the spurred foot of
dialog: the hanged noblemen we first saw riding in. It's too solid;
text: he takes a real look at the face, and suddenly --
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: R -- real!!!... Ahhhhhgggg!...
text: He turns to run, but knocks back into the feet of the hanged
text: man behind him! In blind panic he darts in another direction,
text: and runs into another corpse, and another; the hanged men
text: begin to swing, making it harder for William's father and
text: older brother to fight their way to him.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: William! William!
text: Then, worst of all, William sees the pages, boys like himself,
text: hanged in a row behind their masters!
text: Finally his father and brother reach William and hug him
text: tight. There in the barn, among the swinging bodies of the
text: hanged nobles, Malcolm Wallace grips his sons.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Murderin' English bastards.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WALLACE FARMHOUSE - NIGHT
text: The cottage looks peaceful, the windows glowing yellow into
text: the night. From outside the house we see John rise and close
text: the shutters of the kitchen, where men are gathered. We PAN
text: UP to the upper bedroom window...
scene_heading: INSIDE THAT BEDROOM
text: Young William is in nightmarish sleep. He mumbles in smothered
text: terror; he twitches. We see
speaker_heading: HIS NIGHTMARE
text: In the blue-grays of his dream, William stands at the door
text: of the barn, gazing at the hanged knights. We WHIP PAN to
text: their faces, garish, horrible... Then one of the heads moves
text: and its eyes open! William wants to run, but he can't get
text: his body to respond... and the hanging nobleman, his bloated
text: tongue still bursting through his lips, moans...
speaker_heading: GHOUL
dialog: Will--iam...!
text: WILLIAM tears himself from sleep; looking around, swallowing
text: back his tears and panic.
scene_heading: IN THE KITCHEN
text: A dozen strong, tough farmers have huddled. Red-headed
text: CAMPBELL, scarred and missing fingers, is stirred up, while
text: his friend MacCLANNOUGH is reluctant.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Wallace is right! We fight 'em!
speaker_heading: MACCLANNOUGH
dialog: Every nobleman who had any will to
dialog: fight was at that meeting.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM WALLACE
dialog: So it's up to us! We show them we
dialog: won't lie down to be their slaves!
speaker_heading: MACCLANNOUGH
dialog: We can't beat an army, not with the
dialog: fifty farmers we can raise!
speaker_heading: MALCOLM WALLACE
dialog: We don't have to beat 'em, just fight
dialog: 'em. To show 'em we're not dogs, but
dialog: men.
text: Young Wallace has snuck down and is eavesdropping from the
text: stairs. He sees his father drip his finger into a jug of
text: whiskey and use the wet finger to draw on the tabletop.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM WALLACE
dialog: They have a camp here. We attack
dialog: them at sunset tomorrow. Give us all
dialog: night to run home.
scene_heading: EXT. WALLACE FARM - DAY
text: Malcolm and John have saddled horses; they are checking the
text: short swords they've tucked into grain sacks when William
text: comes out of the barn with his own horse.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: William, you're staying here.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I can fight.
text: These words from his youngest son make Malcolm pause, and
text: kneel, to look into William's eyes.
speaker_heading: MALCOLM
dialog: Aye. But it's our wits that make us
dialog: men. I love ya, boy. You stay.
text: Malcolm and John mount their horses and ride away, leaving
text: William looking forlorn. They wave; he waves back.
scene_heading: EXT SCOTTISH HILLS, NEAR THE WALLACE FARM - DAY
text: It's strangely quiet, until William and his friend HAMISH
text: CAMPBELL, a red-headed like his father, race up the hillside
text: and duck in among a grove of trees. Breathless, gasping,
text: they press their backs to the tree bark. William peers around
text: a tree, then shrinks back and whispers...
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: They're coming!
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: How many?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Three, maybe more!
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: Armed?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: They're English soldiers, ain't they?
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: With your father and brother gone,
dialog: they'll kill us and burn the farm!
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: It's up to us, Hamish!
text: Hamish leans forward for a look, but William pulls him back.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Not yet! Here he comes, be ready!
text: They wait; heavy FOOTSTEPS. Then from around the edge of the
text: grove three enormous, ugly hogs appear. The boys hurling
text: rotten eggs. The eggs slap the snouts of the pigs, who scatter
text: as the boys charge, howling. We PULL BACK... as the sun goes
text: down on their play.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WALLACE HOUSE - SUNDOWN
text: The boys walk toward the house, beneath a lavender sky.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: Wanna stay with me tonight?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I wanna have supper waitin'.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: We'll get those English pigs tomorrow.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Aye, we'll get 'em.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: William's face appears at the window, looking toward
scene_heading: THE DISTANT HILLS
text: of trees and heather, where there is no sign of life.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: William has cooked stew in a pot, and now spoons up two
text: steaming bowls full and sets them out on the table. But he
text: is only hoping. He looks out the window again; he is still
text: all alone. So he leaves a candle burning on the table beside
text: the stew, and moves up the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMHOUSE - DAWN
text: The house is silent, fog rolling around it in the dawn.
scene_heading: INT. FARMHOUSE - DAWN
text: William has been awake all night, afraid to sleep. He rises,
text: and in QUICK CUTS: he dresses; he moves down the hall, stops
text: at the door of his father's bedroom and sees the undisturbed
text: bed. He moves on, passing the door of his brother's room,
text: also unrumpled.
scene_heading: IN THE KITCHEN
text: He finds the two cold bowls of stew, beside the exhausted
text: candle. He spoons up his own cold porridge, and eats alone.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - DAY
text: William is in the barn loft, shoveling corn down to feed the
text: hogs, while he glimpses something coming.
speaker_heading: THE BOY'S POV
text: An ox cart is coming down the curving lane. Its driver is
text: Campbell, with MacClannough walking behind it. The farmers
text: glance up at William, their faces grim...
text: From his perch in the loft, William sees that the neighbors
text: have brought: the bodies of his father and brother. The cart
text: stops; Campbell, with a bandage around his left hand where
text: more of his fingers are now missing, studies the back of the
text: ox, as if it could tell him how to break such news. The butt
text: of the ox seems to tell him to be matter-of-fact.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: William... Come down here, lad.
text: William looks away, he takes quick breaths, he looks back...
text: but the bodies are still there.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - DAY
text: It's now surrounded by horses, wagons, and neighbors. The
text: undertaker arrives in his hearse.
scene_heading: INT. THE SHED - DAY
text: On a table the undertaker has laid out the bodies and is
text: preparing them. Cloths around the lower jaw and top of the
text: head bind their mouths shut; pennies cover their eyes.
text: Softly, William enters the shed, drawn to his father and
text: brother. Campbell follows him in, wanting to stop him -- but
text: what can he say now? The undertaker goes on with his work.
text: William approaches the table; the bodies don't look real to
text: him. He sees the wounds. The dried blood.
text: The undertake pours water from a bowl and scrubs off the
text: blood. But the wounds remain.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVESIDE - DAY
text: CLOSE on a grave, with a headstone marked ANNE WALLACE. We
text: INCLUDE the two new graves freshly dug beside it, and see
text: the mourners gathered before them. The sight of the boy,
text: standing alone in front of the graves of his dead mother, as
text: the bodies of his father and brother are lowered with ropes
text: into the ground beside her, has all of the neighbors shaken.
text: The local parish PRIEST drones mechanically in Latin.
text: The farmers who were secretly gathered in Malcolm Wallace's
text: kitchen the previous night are now glancing at William; but
text: no one is anxious to adopt a grieving, a rebellious boy.
text: Behind MacClannough are his wife and two daughters; his
text: youngest is barely four, not half William's age; she's a
text: beautiful girl with long auburn hair, and she clings to her
text: own mother's hand, as if the open graves are the mouths of
dialog: death and might suck her parents in too.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: ...Restare in pacem eternis, Amen.
text: With the final Amen, the neighbors drift from the graveside,
dialog: pulling their Children along, to give William a last moment
text: of private grief before the grave diggers cover the bodies.
text: The boy stands alone over the open graves, his heart so
text: shattered that he can scarcely cry; a single tear makes its
text: way down his face. And the tiny girl feels for William in a
text: way that the adults cannot. From the ground she pulls a
text: Scottish thistle, moves to the softly weeping William and
text: places the beautiful wild blossom in his hand.
text: William looks up and their young eyes meet; her sad blue
text: eyes hold William's as the grave diggers cover the bodies.
text: Then a lone, mounted figure appears at the crest of the hill
text: above them. Tall, thin and angular, in black clerical garb,
text: he looks like the grim reaper.
text: The girl hurries back to her mother's side; everyone watches
text: in silence as the figure rides down to them. He is ARGYLE
text: WALLACE. He looks like a human buzzard, his face craggy,
text: permanently furious.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: You must be the relative of the
dialog: deceased... William, this is your
dialog: Uncle Argyle.
text: Argyle glowers at the man, dismounts, and glares at William.
text: William stares up at this frightening figure. They are
text: interrupted by the ominous sound of approaching horses; a
text: dozen mounted English soldiers, armed with lances, are
text: approaching. Argyle rattles to the priest...
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: You were wise to hurry.
text: The soldiers ride right in among the mourners and stare down
text: from their saddles, haughty, menacing, their LEADER brusque.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Someone dead from this household?
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: We just had a funeral, isn't that
dialog: what it means in England as well?
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: What it means in England -- and in
dialog: Scotland too -- is that rebels have
dialog: forfeited their lands. We were
dialog: ambushed last night. But the Scots
text: dragged their dead away.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: My brother and nephew perished two
dialog: days ago, when their hay cart turned
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: LEADER
dialog: Then we'll just have a peek at the
dialog: wounds.
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: Dig 'em up!
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: They've been sanctified and buried
dialog: in the holy rites of God's church,
dialog: and any hand that disturbs them now
dialog: takes on eternal damnation. So please --
dialog: do it.
text: Outmaneuvered, the leader reins his horse away. Several of
text: the farmers spit on the ground. Argyle glares at them.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: Funeral's over. Go home.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: William and Argyle are sitting at the table, eating. Argyle
text: has laid out a proper meal, with exact place settings.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: Not that spoon, that one's for soup.
dialog: Dip away from you. And don't slurp.
text: Argyle sits down and begins to dine with the boy.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: We'll sleep here tonight. You'll
dialog: come home with me. We'll let the
dialog: house, and the lands too; plenty of
dialog: willing neighbors.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I don't want to leave.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: Didn't want your father to die either,
dialog: did ya? But it happened.
text: Argyle pushes his food away; he has no appetite now.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: Did the priest say anything about
dialog: the Resurrection? Or was it all about
dialog: Judgment?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: It was in Latin, sir.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: Non loquis Latinum? You don't speak
dialog: Latin? We have to fix that, won't
dialog: we?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Did he give the poetic benediction?
dialog: The Lord bless thee and keep thee?
dialog: Patris Benefactum et --
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ...It was Malcolm's favorite.
scene_heading: INT. WILLIAM'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Argyle knows nothing about tucking a boy in bed; he stands
text: awkwardly idle as William scrubs his face at the washstand
text: and crawls into bed.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Good night, Uncle.
text: Argyle grunts and starts out. Then he stops, turns back,
text: leans down over William... and with great tenderness the
text: grizzled old uncle kisses his nephew on his hair.
scene_heading: INT. THE KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Argyle sits by the hearth, staring at the embers. He holds
text: the huge broadsword that belonged to his brother. He looks
text: at the handle, like a cross. He whispers...
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: "The Lord bless thee and keep thee..."
text: Tears of grief spill down the old man's cheeks.
scene_heading: INT. THE HANGING BARN - IN WILLIAM'S DREAM
text: Once again the boy stands in the doorway of the barn, looking
text: at the garish, hanged faces in his nightmare. Then a mangled
text: hand comes from behind him and grasps his shoulder, William
text: gasps, but the hand holds him gently. He turns to see his
text: father, and his brother! They are wounded, bloody, but they
text: smile at him; they're alive! Weeping in joy, William reaches
text: to hug them, but his father stretches forth a forbidding
dialog: hand.
text: William keeps reaching out helplessly. His father and brother
text: move past him to the hanged knights. Two empty nooses are
text: there. Before the boy's weeping eyes they put their heads
text: into the nooses, and hoist themselves up.
text: William's grief explodes; his tears erupt and
text: HE WAKES IN HIS BEDROOM
text: tears flooding down his face. A dream! Still upset, still
text: grieving, he gets up and goes looking for his uncle.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: William moves down to the room where his uncle would be
text: sleeping. He opens the door. The bed has been slept in --
text: but his uncle is not there. He moves downstairs to
speaker_heading: THE KITCHEN
text: But his uncle is not there either. Then William hears a
text: strange, haunting sound-distant, carried by the wind. He
text: moves to the window and sees only moonlight. He opens the
text: window and hears it more clearly: bagpipes. William lights a
text: candle and throws open the door. Wind rushes in, blowing out
text: his candle. But he hears the pipes, louder in the wind.
scene_heading: EXT. WALLACE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: William is barefoot and in only his nightshirt; but the sound
text: of the pipes is growing louder. He moves through the
text: moonlight, drawn toward -- the graveyard! He stops as he
text: realizes this, then forces himself on.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD - NIGHT
text: William moves to the top of the hill where his ancestors are
text: buried, and discovers a haunting scene: two dozen men, the
text: farmer/warriors of his neighborhood, are gathered in kilts --
text: and among them, a core of bagpipers. The pipes wail an ancient
text: Scottish dirge, a tune of grief and redemption, a melody
dialog: known to us as "Amazing Grace." Uncle Argyle has heard them
text: and walked out too; he stands at the fringes of the
text: torchlight, still holding the massive broadsword. He glances
text: down, noticing William as the boy moves up beside him. William
dialog: whispers...
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: What are they doing?
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: Saying goodbye in their own way --
dialog: in outlawed tartans, with outlawed
text: pipes, playing outlawed tunes.
text: The farmers file by the graveside, crossing themselves, each
text: whispering his own private prayer. Argyle whispers, half to
dialog: William, and half to himself...
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: Your Daddy and I, we saw our own
dialog: father buried like this, dead from
dialog: fighting the English.
text: William takes the sword from his uncle, and tries to lift
dialog: it.
text: Slowly, Argyle takes the sword back.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: First learn to use this.
text: He taps William on the temple with the tip of his finger.
speaker_heading: ARGYLE
dialog: Then I will teach you to use this.
text: With an expert's easy fluidity, he lifts the huge sword. It
text: glistens in the torchlight. The music plays, the notes hanging
text: in the air, swirling in the Scottish breeze as if rising
dialog: towards the stars...
scene_heading: EXT. WALLACE FARM - DAY
text: William and his uncle ride off in a farm wagon. William has
text: a bundle of clothes in his lap, and glances at his uncle as
text: if afraid of his disapproval if he looks back. But he does
text: glance back just once, to see the deserted farmhouse.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. WESTMINSTER ABBEY - ROYAL WEDDING - DAY
text: Amid the scarlet and ermine robes of officiating lords, with
text: gemstones sparkling everywhere, we hear...
speaker_heading: VOICE OVER
dialog: Twelve years later, Longshanks
dialog: supervised the wedding of his eldest
dialog: son, also named Edward, who would
text: succeed him to the throne.
text: LONGSHANKS, King of England, stands in the jeweled light of
text: the ancient Abbey. Known as Longshanks because of the spindly
text: legs that make him almost seven feet tall, he has a hawk's
text: nose and a snake's eyes, punctuating a face of distinct
dialog: cruelty. Historians of his day considered him and the line
dialog: of Plantagenets from which he came to be devil worshipers.
speaker_heading: VOICE OVER
dialog: As bride for his son, Longshanks had
dialog: chosen a relative of his rival, the
dialog: king of France.
text: GENEVIEVE, a nineteen-year-old virgin of stupendous beauty
text: moves down the aisle, the light in her face outshining her
text: blindingly white wedding gown. As she reaches the altar her
text: hands tremble, but she maintains her poise and control.
text: She looks toward EDWARD, Prince of Wales. Pampered young men
text: surround him as his retinue. He takes her hand coldly and
text: goes through the ceremony under his father's stare.
speaker_heading: VOICE OVER
dialog: It was widely whispered that for the
dialog: Princess to conceive, Longshanks
dialog: would have to do the honors himself.
dialog: That may have been what he had in
dialog: mind all along.
text: The ceremony concluding, attendants lift back the bride's
text: veil. Her wedding day, the ultimate moment -- and Prince
text: Edward ignores her, to turn back to his friends. But prompted
text: by one of the sour lords, he leans over and pecks his new
text: Princess on the cheek. For an instant, we see in her eyes
text: that her heart is dying. But she keeps her poise.
speaker_heading: VOICE OVER
dialog: Having seen to his obligations to
dialog: provide for a successor, Longshanks
dialog: set about his fondest business -- to
dialog: crush Scotland, and turn his power
dialog: against France...
scene_heading: CLOSE - A MAP OF THE BRITISH ISLES
text: Longshanks' narrow finger jabs Scotland.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: Scotland! Scot-land!
dialog: We are in the --
scene_heading: INT. ROYAL ENGLISH PALACE - DAY
text: Longshanks is being listened to by his advisors, all in the
text: outrageous splendor of royal military dress, and all deathly
text: afraid of him.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: The French will grovel to anyone
dialog: with strength! But how will they
dialog: credit our strength when we cannot
dialog: rule the whole of our own island?!
text: He punches the map, then sees the Princess enter softly.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: Where is my son?
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: Your pardon, M'lord, he asked me to
dialog: come in his stead.
text: Longshanks' eyes expand in fury; it is frightening to see.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: I sent for him -- and the little
dialog: coward send you?!
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: Shall I leave, M'lord?
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: If he wants his queen to rule, then
dialog: you stay and learn how! I will deal
dialog: with him.
text: He spins back toward his generals. Ignored, the princess
text: settles silently onto the cushions of the window seat.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: Nobles are the key to the Scottish
dialog: door. Grant their nobles land here
dialog: in England. Give our own nobles
dialog: estates in the north. Make them too
dialog: greedy to oppose us.
text: One OLD ADVISOR speaks up hesitantly.
speaker_heading: OLD ADVISOR
dialog: Sire... Our nobles will be reluctant
dialog: to relocate. New lands mean new taxes,
dialog: and they are taxed already for our
dialog: war in France.
text: Longshanks glares at him, but takes the point. The wheels
text: grind in his brain; his dark eyes falling on the Princess,
dialog: he is inspired.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: Perhaps it's time to reinstitute an
dialog: old custom. Grant them prima noctes,
dialog: "First night." When any common girl
dialog: inhabiting their lands is married,
dialog: our lords shall have sexual rights
text: to her on the night of her wedding.
dialog: That should fetch just the kind of
dialog: lords we want in Scotland.
scene_heading: INT. PRINCE EDWARD'S ROYAL APARTMENTS - DAY
text: The prince and a muscular young friend, PHILLIP, are stripped
text: to the waist and fencing. They pay no attention to the
text: KNOCK, or to the Princess as she enters. She watches them --
text: they are dancing more than fencing. Edward loses his sword;
text: it clatters to the polished floor. He looks up at his wife,
text: as if angry at her for having seen his clumsiness.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: What is it?!
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: You directed me to report to you the
dialog: moment the king's conference was
dialog: ended.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: So I did! And what was so important
dialog: about it?
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: Scotland. He intends --
text: But Edward and his friend are fencing again, the clanging of
text: their blunted swords so loud that she can't hear herself.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: He intends to grant --
text: Edward loses his weapon again, and whirls on her.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Shut up, would you! How can I
dialog: concentrate?!
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: ...His majesty was quite keen that
dialog: you should understand --
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: All so very boring! He wants me to
dialog: learn to fight too, so let me do it!
text: For an instant, anger flares into her eyes. She glances at
text: Edward, and at the young man with him, then lowers her eyes
text: and starts to back out. But Edward has noticed.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Stop there.
text: She stops, but does not raise her eyes.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Do you disapprove of Phillip?
text: He lifts his hand and draws his friend Phillip to his side.
text: Still the Princess does not lift her eyes.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: No, M'lord.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Look at me. I said LOOK AT ME!
text: She lifts her eyes. But she could not brace herself enough
text: for what she sees: Edward nuzzling Phillip, the prince's
text: bare chest to his muscular friend's bare back, both men
text: glistening with sweat and sexual excitement.
text: The Princess's eyes quiver... but she does not look away.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Now, my flower, do you understand?
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: Yes. I had thought that... I was
dialog: loathsome to you. Perhaps I am. If I
dialog: may be excused, M'lord.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: You may.
text: She starts to leave, as quietly as she came. But her husband
text: calls after her.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Don't worry, m'Lady, it is my royal
dialog: responsibility to breed. And I assure
dialog: you, when the time comes, I shall...
dialog: manage.
text: She closes the door softly, on her husband and his lover.
speaker_heading: VOICE OVER
dialog: Now in Edinburgh were gathered the
dialog: council of Scottish nobles...
scene_heading: ESTABLISHING COUNCIL - DAY
text: The picturesque heart of Scotland, with its CASTLE on a fairy
text: tale plateau above the Firth of Forth.
scene_heading: INT. EDINBURGH CASTLE - DAY
text: The nobles are gathered around a huge table. They rise at
text: the entrance of young ROBERT THE BRUCE, a handsome young
dialog: man, full of intelligence and power.
speaker_heading: VOICE OVER
dialog: Among these was Robert, the 17th
dialog: Earl of Bruce, a leading contender
dialog: for the crown of Scotland.
text: Robert strides to his seat in the center of the table, and
text: the others settle in respectfully. MORNAY, another young
text: warrior, gives him a bow, as does CRAIG, a grizzled noble.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Young Robert, we are honored --
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: My father hears that Longshanks has
dialog: granted prima noctes.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Clearly meant to draw more of his
dialog: supporters here.
speaker_heading: MORNAY
dialog: The Balliol clan has endorsed the
dialog: right, licking Longshanks' boots so
dialog: he will support their claim to the
dialog: throne. If we make a show of
dialog: opposition, the commoners will favor
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: It is too soon to step out alone. My
dialog: father believes we must lull
dialog: Longshanks into confidence, by neither
dialog: supporting his decree nor opposing
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: A wise plan. And how is your father?
dialog: We have missed him at the council.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
text: He strained his leg so that it pains
text: him to ride. But he sends his
dialog: greetings -- and says that I speak
dialog: for all the Bruces. And for Scotland.
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTISH VILLAGE, AT THE EDGE OF TOWN - DAY
text: Flutes and dancing; laughter and garlands; village families
dialog: have gathered for a wedding celebration -- we see the happy
text: bride and groom. Farmers cart in fresh bread and hoops of
text: cheese; villagers arrive with casks of beer or strings of
dialog: smoked fish.
text: And watching the people are ubiquitous English soldiers,
text: battlescarred veterans with missing eyes and ears.
text: Riding along the road comes William Wallace. Grown now, a
text: man. He sits his horse as if born there, his back straight,
text: his hands relaxed on the reins. He has a look of lean, rippled
text: power. He looks dangerous.
text: And the soldiers notice him, nudging each other as he passes.
text: He carries a dead wild goose hanging across his saddle; he
text: stops his horse at the edge of the clearing and surveys the
text: scene. Farmers are roasting a pig; women are comparing
text: handiwork; young men are tossing huge stones in the
dialog: traditional Highland games -- and everyone is noticing
text: William's arrival, especially the farm women with daughters
dialog: of marriageable age.
text: Among those watching William arrive is Campbell, grown older
text: now; and with his old rebel friend, MacClannough. William
text: dismounts and ties his horse to a willow. One of the English
text: SOLDIERS shoves William from behind.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Hey boy! You hunt this bird?
text: William's eyes fix themselves on the soldier.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: It's against the law for Scots to
dialog: own bows. You shot this bird?
text: His buddies, enjoying their role as intimidators, grab the
text: bird and begin to search it for evidence.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
text: I hit it in the head. With a rock.
dialog: They don't believe that -- but they can't find any puncture
text: wound on the bird. William reaches his hand out for the return
text: of the bird. The soldiers drop it onto the ground.
text: Slowly, William picks it up, and heads into the clearing.
text: The farmers watch him come.
text: Among those noticing William's arrival, but pretending not
text: to, is MARION MacCLANNOUGH, grown now into a stunning young
text: woman; her long auburn hair reminds us of those years long
text: ago; she wears it the same way, straight and full down her
text: back. Her dress is plain, like the grass that surrounds a
text: wildflower. She's the most beautiful girl in the village,
dialog: maybe in all of Scotland, and the soldiers who hassled William
text: notice her too.
text: William reaches the food table and contributes his goose to
text: the feast. FARM WOMEN eye him; he nodes to one.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Miz MacDougal. You look well.
speaker_heading: FARM WOMAN
dialog: ...William? It's William Wallace,
dialog: back home! -- Have you met my
dialog: daughter?
text: The daughter mentioned is missing teeth. William nods to
text: her. It's impossible for him to giver her a smile as bright
text: as her hopes, and she lowers her head in disappointment. But
text: then raises her face in surprise as William takes her hand
text: and gives her a respectful bow.
text: He moves away from the table, passing through the crowd like
text: a stranger. Then he glances toward the knot of girls. He
text: sees Marion. She sees him, then looks away. Do they remember
text: each other? He moves toward her; she is shy, her eyes
text: downcast, but then she raises them and looks at him.
text: They move closer and closer together. Just as they are about
text: to reach each other, a huge round stone THUMPS to the earth
text: at Williams' feet.
text: He looks up to see one of Marion's suitors -- the broad,
text: muscled young man who has just tossed the stone in William's
dialog: way. Now everybody's looking to see how William will handle
text: the challenge. He tries to move around, but the guy cuts him
text: off. Then William thinks he recognizes the big red-head.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Hamish?
text: It is his old friend, but Hamish won't admit it, or be put
text: off from the challenge. He points to the huge stone.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: Test of manhood.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: You win.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: (blocks him)
dialog: Call it a test of soldiery, then.
dialog: The English won't let us train with
dialog: weapons, so we train with stones.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: The test of a soldier is not in his
dialog: arm. It's here.
text: He taps his temple. Hamish stretches out his hand, as if to
text: show William something in his palm.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: No. It's here.
text: With a sudden movement, he slams his fist into William's
text: jaw, dropping him. A few men move to interfere, but Campbell,
text: MacClannough, and the other farmers who are the true leaders
text: here, stop their neighbors from interrupting. Hamish stands
text: over William, waiting for him to get up.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: A contest, then.
text: William stands and hoists the huge stone, eighteen inches in
text: diameter. Straining with the effort, he lugs the stone to
text: the line scratched in the rocky field. Beyond the line are
text: the muddy dents from previous tosses. William takes a run
text: and heaves the stone. It flies past the other marks in the
text: field; people are impressed. William looks at Hamish.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I still say this is no test. A
text: catapult can throw a stone farther
dialog: than a man can.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: That depends on the man.
text: Hamish walks out, lifts the stone, and lugs it back to the
text: line. He takes a run and heaves with a great groan! The stone
text: flies, passing William's mark by a couple of feet.
text: People laugh and whistle. William nods, impressed.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Can you do it when it matters? As it
dialog: matters in battle? Could you crush a
dialog: man with that throw?
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: I could crush you like a roach.
text: William walks to the dent made by Hamish's throw.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Then do it. Come, do it.
text: Hamish scowls at William, at everybody watching. He lifts
text: the stone and carries it back to the line. William stands
text: calmly. Hamish backs up for his run. William yawns.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: You'll move
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I will not.
text: Hamish backs up a few more feet, for a longer run.
speaker_heading: FARMER STEWART
dialog: That's not fair!
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: He's tired, he should get a longer
dialog: run.
text: William seems completely unafraid. He leans down, picks up a
text: small smooth stone and tosses it up in the air casually.
text: Stung by this show of calm, Hamish takes furious run, and
text: heaves! The stone flies through the air, just misses William's
text: head, and buries itself halfway into the earth behind him.
text: William never flinches. The people cheer.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Brave show!
text: Hamish is miffed; it's like William won.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: I threw longer than last time!
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
text: An ox is strong, but not clever.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: An ox is stupid enough to just stand
dialog: in one place.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: That's not the point.
text: William turns, walks double the distance Hamish threw, and
text: turns and hurls the rock he holds! It whistles through the
text: air, hits Hamish in the forehead, and drops him like a shot.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: That is.
text: Everybody cheers and laughs! They surround William.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: A fine display, young Wallace!
text: William takes a tankard of ale from a farmer, walks over and
text: tosses the cold liquid into Hamish's face; he wakes, and,
text: his eyes uncrossing, accepts William's hand, pulling him up.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Good to see you again.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: I should'a remembered the eggs.
text: Grinning, they embrace. MUSIC plays, the dancing begins.
text: William walks to the knot of young ladies... but passes
text: Marion, and moves to the girl with the missing teeth.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Would you honor me with a dance?
text: She's thrilled to accept; they begin to dance.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: You've taken over your father's farm?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They say he died long ago. Fighting
dialog: the English.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: He died in an accident, with my
text: brother. Their cart turned over.
text: The musicians interrupt their playing; a group of heavily
text: armed horsemen, with banners and flying colors, ride up,
text: reining their horses into the middle of the celebration. In
text: the middle of the group is an English NOBLEMAN; he is gray,
text: in his fifties, and stops in front of the BRIDE and groom.
speaker_heading: NOBLEMAN
dialog: I have come to claim the right of
dialog: prima noctes. As the lord of these
dialog: lands, I will bless this marriage by
dialog: taking the bride into my bed on the
dialog: first night of her union.
text: Stewart, father of the BRIDE, lunges forward.
speaker_heading: STEWART
dialog: No, by God!
text: The horsemen point their lances at the unarmed Scots -- who
text: see that the English soldiers from the village have moved to
text: the edge of the gathering, as if to dare any resistance.
speaker_heading: NOBLEMAN
dialog: It is my noble right.
text: Even unarmed, Stewart is about to attack -- but the bride
text: intervenes. She grabs her father and whispers to him. She
text: moves to her husband and does the same. Holding back tears,
text: she allows herself to be pulled up behind one of the horsemen.
text: Marion MacClannough is looking on, sobered by her friend's
text: courage and sickened by her fate -- and Marion is even more
text: unsettled as she notices that one of the soldiers, a
text: particularly nasty looking brute with a scarred face, is
text: leering at her. William Wallace sees this too.
text: The noble and his escorts ride away, and as they do it begins
text: to rain. The celebration destroyed, the Scots gather the
text: food and disperse to their homes. But Wallace remains,
text: standing in the downpour, keeping his thoughts to himself.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WALLACE FARMHOUSE - MAGIC HOUR
text: The farmhouse looks lonely and forlorn. William stands at
text: the open door, and gazes out at the rain; it leaks on him,
text: through his roof; he doesn't seem to notice.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MACCLANNOUGH HOUSE - MAGIC HOUR
text: A thatched cottage, lit with a cozy fire, beneath the rain.
text: A hand KNOCKS on the door, and MacClannough opens it to find
text: William, on a horse! MacClannough frowns.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Good evening, sir. May I speak with
dialog: your daughter?
text: Mrs. MacClannough shoulders up beside her husband, and Marion
text: appears behind her scowling parents.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Marion... Would you like to go for a
dialog: ride on this fine evening?
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: The boy's insane!
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: It's good Scottish weather, Madam,
text: the rain is fallin' straight down.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: She absolutely may not, she'll --
dialog: Marion!
text: Marion has grabbed a cloak off the back of the door; she
text: runs out to hop up behind William, and they gallop away.
scene_heading: THE RIDE - MAGIC HOUR
text: William and Marion race along the heather, up and down hills,
text: through swollen streams. The rain stops, as the sun sets;
text: the Scottish mists lift, revealing stunning natural beauty.
text: William stops the horse and they look out over it all
text: together. He speaks, without turning to face her.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Your father doesn't like me, does
dialog: he?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: It's not you. He dislikes that you're
dialog: a Wallace. He just says... the
dialog: Wallaces don't seem to live for very
dialog: long.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Thank you for accepting.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Thank you for inviting.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I'll invite you again, but your mother
dialog: thinks I'm crazy.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: You are. And I'll come again.
text: He lingers; he wants to say something, or maybe he just
text: doesn't want the moment to end. Finally he spurs the horse.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MACCLANNOUGH HOUSE - NIGHT
text: They reach the door. William hops off the horse and reaches
text: up to help her down the moment she touches the ground, they
text: look into each other's eyes... but the door is snatched open
text: so quickly by her mother that there is not time for a kiss.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Marion, come in!
text: He walks her closer to the door. They turn and look at each
text: other again. She waits for him to kiss her...
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Marion, come in!
text: She still hesitates; he isn't going to kiss her. She starts
text: in, but he grabs her hand. And into it he puts something he
text: has taken from his pocket; it is wrapped in flannel. He hops
text: on his horse, glances at her, and gallops away.
text: She stands in the open doorway; she looks down at what he
text: left her. She unwraps the flannel; it is a dried thistle,
dialog: the one she gave him years before.
scene_heading: EXT. WALLACE FARM - DAY
text: William is re-thatching the roof of his barn, when he hears
text: riders approaching, and looks down to see that it is
text: MacClannough, backed by Campbell and Hamish. Uh-oh.
speaker_heading: MACCLANNOUGH
dialog: Young Wallace --
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Sir, I know it was strange of me to
dialog: invite Marion to ride last night. I
dialog: assure you, I --
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
text: MacClannough's daughter is another
dialog: matter. We come to fetch you to a
dialog: meeting.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: What kind of meeting?
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: The secret kind.
text: William goes back to repairing his roof.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Your father was a fighter. And a
dialog: patriot.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I know who my father was. I came
dialog: back home to raise crops. And, God
dialog: willing, a family. If I can live in
dialog: peace, I will.
text: Campbell shakes his head and reins his horse away, with
text: Hamish. MacClannough lingers.
speaker_heading: MACCLANNOUGH
dialog: If you can keep your intention to
dialog: stay out of the troubles, you may
dialog: court my daughter. If you break your
dialog: intention, I'll kill you.
text: MacClannough rides away. William sits down on the roof, and
text: looks out at the graves of his father and brother.
scene_heading: EXT. MACCLANNOUGH HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Outside the half-timbered house, William stands in the shadows
text: of moonlight and tosses a pebble against the wooden upper
text: window. Marion opens the shutters and slips out onto the
text: vines, dropping into William's arms.
text: Giggling, suppressing laughter, they run to the trees...
scene_heading: SCOTTISH HIGHLANDS - NIGHT
text: Hand in hand through the heather they run, silhouettes along
text: a ridge, their breath blowing silver clouds in the moonlight,
text: the Scottish wind whipping through their hair.
text: They stop at a grove at the edge of a precipice, overlooking
text: a loch gleaming in the moonlight. So beautiful it's sacred.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: You've been here before?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Some nights. I have dreams. Mostly
dialog: dreams I don't want. I started riding
dialog: at night to fill up my mind so that
dialog: when I did sleep I'd dream only of
dialog: the ride and the adventure.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Did it work?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: No. You don't choose your dreams.
dialog: Your dreams choose you.
text: He looks at her. They kiss suddenly, so long and hard that
text: they tumble into the heather, rolling, devouring each other.
dialog: Through their passion...
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I want... to marry you!
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: I... accept your proposal!
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I'm not just saying it!
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Nor I!
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: But I won't give you up to any
dialog: nobleman.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: (stopping)
dialog: You scare me.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I don't want to scare you. I want to
dialog: be yours, and you mine. Every night
dialog: like this one.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: This night is too beautiful to have
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I will be with you, like this.
dialog: Forever.
text: They kiss again...
scene_heading: EXT. LANARK VILLAGE - DAY
text: Marion moves through the market. English soldiers admire her
text: as she walks. She stops, looking at white lace and cloth.
text: William casually passes, poking a note in her basket. Subtly
text: she withdraws his note, and reads:
scene_heading: INSERT - HIS NOTE
text: Tonight. By the trees.
scene_heading: EXT. MARION'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Marion slips out of the house and runs to the trees, where
text: William waits with horses. She fetches a bundle she's stashed
text: in the crook of a tree, and they mount and ride off.
scene_heading: EXT. RUINS OF AN ANCIENT CHURCH - NIGHT
text: The church is at the base of the precipice, beside the loch.
scene_heading: INT. THE CHURCH - NIGHT
text: This ancient Gaelic place of worship has been destroyed by
text: the occupying army, and yet it looks devoutly holy this way,
text: lit only by candles and moonlight through the open roof. The
dialog: village PRIEST whom we saw at the wedding celebration is
text: waiting at the altar. Marion steps into the confessional, as
text: William moves to the altar and kneels in prayer.
text: Marion emerges; she's changed into the wedding dress she
text: made from the cloth she bought. William stands and watches
dialog: her float down the aisle; his whole life was worth this
dialog: moment.
text: Together, the two lovers turn to the priest.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: You have come to pledge, each to the
dialog: other, before Almighty God.
text: From within his shirt, William withdraws a strip of cloth
text: woven in his family tartan. He and Marion each lift a hand
text: to the priest, and he binds their wrists with the cloth.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I will love you my whole life. You
dialog: and no other.
text: From her dress she takes a handmade handkerchief, embroidered
text: with a thistle to look like the one she first gave him those
dialog: years ago.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: And I you. You and no other. Forever.
text: The Priest waits for them to go on, but neither can; they're
text: too taken with emotion, looking at each other. The Priest
dialog: intones holy phrases...
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: Agus bhayd lauch... The Lord bless
dialog: and keep thy love, now and forever.
text: The lovers kiss. As they break their embrace, a figure
text: carrying something dark and spiky appears at the broken door
text: of the church, and William spins as if to attack, but the
text: Priest catches his arm; they see the man carries bagpipes.
speaker_heading: PRIEST
dialog: I trust him -- or I'd'a killed him
dialog: me'self. A weddin' needs pipes.
text: The piper begins to play, and the tune from his primitive
text: chanter is wispy, ethereal, beautiful. The lovers look into
text: each other's eyes, as the single melody of the pipes merges
text: into a swell of music, UNDERSCORING MONTAGE
text: William and Marion ride the path to the top of the precipice,
text: where, in the shelter of the grove, they spend their
text: honeymoon. The MUSIC CONTINUES as, still sweaty from their
text: love-making, he returns her to her house just before dawn.
text: She waves from her window, as William rides away, as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE OF LANARK - DAY
text: It's Market Day in the village, busy with Highlanders,
dialog: merchants of all kinds, and a few special attractions like
text: jugglers and fortune tellers. Marion moves along a table
text: full of flowers and fruit... William, concealed behind hanging
text: baskets, watches her unseen, savoring the beauty of his
text: beloved, bathing his soul in the sight of her. Then she looks
text: up and spots him, her smile sudden and luminous, before she
text: remembers to conceal it. He moves up beside her.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I've missed you.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Shush. It's only been a day.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And it's seemed like forever.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Tonight then.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: My parents are growing suspicious! I
dialog: can't keep meeting you every night!
text: Playfully he pokes his finger under the collar of her dress,
text: pulling up the strip of checked cloth he gave her at their
text: wedding, which she now wears hidden around her neck.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Then when?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: ...Tonight!
text: Tucking in the cloth strip, she hurries away, smiling.
scene_heading: ANGLE - DRUNKEN ENGLISH SOLDIERS - BY AN ALE CASK - DAY
text: They spot Marion moving through the fair, glowing, beautiful.
text: The soldiers smirk at each other; as Marion passes, one of
text: them grabs her wrist. It's the soldier with the scar, the
text: one who's been staring at her.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Where are you going... lass?
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Let go.
text: A second drunken SOLDIER pipes up.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER #2
dialog: Why don't you marry my friend here?
dialog: Then I'll take the first night!
text: The scarred soldier pulls Marion into his big arms; she shoves
text: him away with surprising strength, and he staggers back, to
text: the laughter of his friends. Then he snatches her again and
text: kisses her hard on the lips.
text: She breaks free and SLAPS him fiercely, hard enough to draw
text: blood from his mouth. Tasting the trickle, he slings her
text: down against sacks of grain, and the soldiers are all over
text: her, pinning her down, ripping her clothes, a full scale
text: public gang rape. As the townspeople try to move in the three
text: soldiers waiting their turn at Marion pull their knives,
dialog: keep them townspeople back.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER #1
dialog: Bitch, who do you think you are?
text: He slams his mouth down against hers for a long, awful time,
text: comes up clawing at her dress to rip it from her body... and
text: is hit in the face by a rock thrown at great speed!
text: It takes a moment for the other soldiers to realize what
text: just happened, and in that instant William is on them. He
text: wrenches one soldier's arm in a direction it was never meant
text: to go, breaking the elbow, separating the shoulder, and
text: slinging the howling soldier into his comrades.
text: Two of the soldiers leap at William, swinging their short
text: swords; William ducks, knocking their ale cask into their
text: knees; William lifts the whole table where they were sitting
text: and slams it into the faces of two more attackers.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: William!
text: She shouts to warn him that the scarred soldier, now
text: bloodyfaced, has recovered from the rock and is behind William
text: with a knife. William sidesteps the first thrust, snatches a
text: leg from the shattered table and crushes the man's skull.
speaker_heading: MARKET WOMEN
dialog: Wallace Wallace! William Wallace!
text: But there's no time for celebration. There's blood and ale
text: everywhere, and the fallen soldiers are yelling...
speaker_heading: FALLEN SOLDIER
dialog: Rebels! Help!
text: MORE SOLDIERS hear the call and come running, reinforcements
text: converging from all over the village.
scene_heading: VILLAGE FOLKS
dialog: Run, William! Run!
text: Will sees the horse that pulled the flower cart and throws
text: Marion up onto its back. He slaps the horse's rump and it
text: plunges with Marion into the twisting village lanes. William
text: darts off through the crowd, as the MAGISTRATE and more of
text: his soldiers arrive -- dozens of them!
text: William pauses out in the central street of the village,
text: just long enough to be sure they've spotted him, and darts
text: into a side lane in the opposite direction Marion went;
text: William weaves through the narrow streets of the medieval
text: town, knocking over baskets, jumping carts.
text: As the soldiers stumble after him, the Magistrate looks down
text: at his mangled soldiers. The one with the ruptured arm is
text: lying in agony.
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: ...girl.
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: What girl?!
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: ...on horse.
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: The girl on the horse! Stop her!
text: The shout rings through the village; Marion hears it, and
text: when she sees more soldiers at the far end of the lane she's
text: trying to take out of town, she urges the horse into an even
text: narrower back alley. She sees a clear route to freedom...
text: But the flock of pigeons pecking on the scraps thrown there
text: behind the shops rise into the horse's face with a sudden
text: thrashing of wings, and the horse shies against a wall.
text: Marion controls him, but a flap of her ripped dress has caught
text: on a crude nail, and as the frightened horse lunges forward
text: again, she is pulled off its bare back, her dress catching
text: and ripping at the same time, dropping her hard.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
text: reaches the edge of the town and slips into the trees by the
text: river; the soldiers are running every which way, but they've
text: lost him. Thinking Marion's made it too, William heads deeper
text: into the trees.
scene_heading: IN THE TOWN, MARION
text: recovers; her dress has torn free! She starts to get up; but
text: the soldiers' pikes appear over her, and the magistrate leers.
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: So this is the little whore he was
dialog: fighting for.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GROVE AT THE PRECIPICE - DAY
text: William moves into the shelters of the trees, expecting to
text: see Marion. He doesn't. He listens; only the rustling of the
text: wind through the treetops.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Marion!
dialog: Nothing, except the wind.
scene_heading: INT. ROYAL MAGISTRATE'S HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: Marion is thrown into a chair and her arms are bound with an
text: oak staff behind her elbows. She and two dozen soldiers are
text: in the tavern the English have commandeered.
text: The Magistrate is a battlescarred veteran, a brutal pragmatist
text: angry with his CORPORAL.
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: One Scot buggers six of us? Hell to
dialog: pay when that gets round.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: Burn the village.
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: But he is free. You never catch 'em
dialog: in the Highlands.
text: He studies Marion, her mouth now stuffed with burlap. He
text: notices the strip of cloth around her neck, and touches the
text: weave curiously.
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: Clans weave that cloth in their own
dialog: patterns.
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: So why is this strip concealed?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He fought for you, eh?
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN SQUARE - DAY
text: The Magistrate and his men bring Marion into the village
text: center, and tie her to a post of the well. The townspeople
dialog: don't want to be near the soldiers, but they hang on the
text: fringes of the square, too curious to pull away.
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
text: An assault on the king's soldiers is
dialog: the same as assaulting the king!
text: He looks down at Marion, her mouth bound, her eyes defiant.
text: He jerks out his dagger and slices Marion's throat!
text: Her eyes spring open like a doe's; then she sags, dead. The
text: townspeople are speechless; even some of the soldiers are
text: shocked. The Magistrate turns calmly to his men.
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: Now. Let this scrapper come to me.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - EXT. THE GROVE AT THE PRECIPICE - DAY
text: From a distance, we see Hamish approaching the grove, the
text: same one where he and William played as boys. Hamish moves
text: reluctantly, forcing himself forward; as he reaches the grove,
text: William appears, hurrying out to him.
text: We STAY IN THE LONG SHOT, seeing William asking anxiously
text: for any news, and seeing Hamish's great shoulders as he tells
text: him something that makes William step backwards...
scene_heading: EXT. LANARK VILLAGE - DAY
text: At a barrier across the main road into the center of the
text: village are twenty professional soldiers, entrenched, fully
text: armed -- bows, pikes, swords. They hear A HORSE'S SNORT...
scene_heading: THE ENGLISH SOLDIERS' POV - WALLACE, ON HIS HORSE
text: He has stopped, rock still. The soldiers hush; there is
text: something unsettling about this man alone, staring at the
text: twenty of them, as if to steel himself for the butchery.
text: Wallace raises his sword, screams... and charges!
scene_heading: EXT. VARIOUS ANGLES - LANARK VILLAGE - DAY - THE FIGHT
text: We FAVOR WALLACE'S SUBJECTIVE POV: the barrier as his horse
text: pounds toward it, the faces of the enemy soldiers with their
text: eyes white with fear... They stand to shoot at him with their
text: bows; the arrows WHISH toward the lens, fly past...
text: The arrows tear through Wallace's clothes, but don't catch
text: his flesh. He charges on; his horse LEAPS the barrier as
text: Wallace simultaneously swings the broadsword -- and he's
text: more than an expert: the tip, at the end of a huge arc, nearly
text: breaks the sound barrier and the blade bites through the
text: corporal's helmet, taking off the upper half of his head!
text: The soldiers try to rally, to shoot him in the back as his
text: horse leaps over them. One of them has sighted William's
text: back... But Hamish and his father crash into them! It's a
text: wild fight; old Campbell takes an arrow through the shoulder
text: but keeps hacking with his sword; Hamish batters down two
text: men -- and more Scots arrive! They overwhelm the soldiers.
text: WALLACE RACES THROUGH THE VILLAGE - FAVORING HIS POV
text: He dodges obstacles in the narrow streets -- chickens, carts,
text: barrels. Soldiers pop up; the first he gallops straight over;
text: the next he whacks forehand, like a polo player; the next
text: chops down on his left side; every time he swings the
text: broadsword, a man dies.
text: Wallace gallops on; his farmer neighbors, and people from
text: the village, follow in his wake.
scene_heading: EXT. IN THE VILLAGE - DAY
text: The Magistrate hears the APPROACHING SHOUTS. He and thirty
text: more of his men are barricaded around the village square.
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: Don't look surprised! We knew he'd
dialog: bring friends!
text: The see Wallace gallop into sight; but he stops, then heads
text: down a side street.
dialog: The Magistrate and his men don't like this; where did he go?
text: Which way will he come from? And then they hear the horses,
text: and see the other Scots, at the head of the main street. The
text: soldiers unleash a volley of arrows at them.
text: They are loading to fire again when Wallace runs in -- on
text: foot! -- and cuts down two soldiers! The other Scots charge!
text: The startled soldiers break and run in every direction.
text: The Magistrate, abandoned, runs too. Wallace pursues.
text: Not far along a twisting lane, the bulky Magistrate falters.
text: He turns to fight, and Wallace slashes away his sword.
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: No! I beg you... mercy!
scene_heading: IN THE TOWN SQUARE
text: As the Scots see Wallace, they break off pursuing the English
text: soldiers and stop to watch; dragging the Magistrate by his
text: hair, Wallace hauls him back into the village square, slams
text: him against the well, and stands over him with heaving lungs
text: and wild eyes, staring at Marion's murderer.
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: Please. Mercy!
text: Wallace's eyes shift, falling on
scene_heading: THE STAIN OF BLOOD
text: Marion's blood, in a dark dry splash by the wall of the well,
text: the stain dripping down onto the dirt of the street. Wallace
text: spins, jerks back the Magistrate's head, and cuts his throat
text: with the sword.
text: ON THE OTHER SCOTS
text: Silenced by what they've just seen and done. On old Campbell's
text: face is a look of reverence, and awe.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Say Grace to God, lads. We've just
dialog: seen the coming of the Messiah.
text: William staggers a few steps, and collapses to his knees.
dialog: And then not just the Scottish farmers but the townspeople
text: too begin a strange, Hi-Lo chant.
speaker_heading: CROWD
text: AHHHHHHH-UHHHHHH! AHHHHHH-UHHHHHH!
text: William's wild eyes slowly regain their focus. And there in
text: the dirt beside the well, he sees the severed cloth strip he
text: gave to Marion, now stained with her blood. He lifts it,
text: crushes it in his hand, as the Highlanders chant for war.
scene_heading: EXT. LANARK VILLAGE - NIGHT
text: The villagers are still excited by what just happened; at
text: the blacksmith's forge, men tend to Campbell's wound...
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Pour it straight into the wound. I
dialog: know it seems a waste of good whiskey,
dialog: but indulge me.
text: They obey, then take a glowing poker from the fire and run
text: it through Campbell's shoulder, where the arrow went. There
text: is a terrible SIZZLE, and Campbell reacts to the pain.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Ah. Now that'll clear your sinuses,
dialog: lads.
text: Campbell looks down at his left hand. His thumb is missing!
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Well bloody Hell, look at this! Now
text: it's nothing but a fly swatter.
text: Wallace is sitting alone nearby, staring at nothing. Hamish
text: moves over and puts a hand on his shoulder. Wallace looks at
text: his friend, and looks away; killing the Magistrate did not
dialog: bring Marion back.
text: SHOUTS of alarm: ARMED MEN are coming! The farmers scramble
text: for their weapons, ready to fight; even Campbell jumps up;
text: but what they see coming out of the darkness are twenty more
text: farmers, with hayhooks, knives, axes, anything they could
text: find for weapons. Their leader is MacGREGOR.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: MacGregor -- from the next valley!
text: MacGregor leads his men into the circle of rebels.
speaker_heading: MACGREGOR
dialog: We heard about what was happenin'.
dialog: And we don't want ya thinkin' ya can
dialog: have your fun without us.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Go home. Some of us are in this, I
dialog: can't help that now. But you can
dialog: help yourselves. Go home.
speaker_heading: MACGREGOR
dialog: We'll have no homes left when the
text: English garrison at the castle comes
dialog: through to burn us out.
text: They all look at Wallace.
scene_heading: EXT. ENGLISH MILITARY STRONGHOLD - NIGHT
text: Furious preparations: armorers pound breastplates, hone
text: spears, grind swords in a shower of sparks. The garrison is
text: led by BOTTOMS, the English lord who claimed the right of
text: prima noctes. Now he shouts to his scurrying soldiers.
speaker_heading: LORD BOTTOMS
dialog: Gather the horses! Align the infantry!
dialog: (grabs a man)
dialog: Ride to the Lord Governor in Stirling.
dialog: Tell him that I will hang five rebels for every good
dialog: Englishman killed! FORM FOR MARCH!
text: The troops begin to scramble into the courtyard. At the same
text: time, the messenger gallops to the gate and nods for the
text: keepers to open it. They pull up the chains and the heavy
text: gate rises. The messenger spurs his horse to gallop through --
text: and is hit in the chest with an axe!
text: The Scots, hidden just outside the gate, come pouring through,
text: led by Wallace! Arrows pick soldiers from their perches,
text: Scots drop over the wall; the surprise is so complete that
text: it's over almost without a fight. Lord Bottoms looks around
dialog: in confusion...
speaker_heading: LORD BOTTOMS
dialog: Stop them... Don't let... Align...
text: Scots drag Lord Bottoms off his horse; an arrow in a flexed
text: bow jabs right up to his eye, the archer ready to drive the
text: shaft through Bottom's eye socket and into his brain; but
text: Wallace's hand closes on the archer's fingers -- and Bottoms
text: sees that the archer at the other end of the arrow shaft is
text: none other than the Highland farmgirl he forced into his bed
text: on her wedding night. Beside her is her husband, holding a
text: scythe, red with English blood.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: On your way somewhere, M'lord?
speaker_heading: LORD BOTTOMS
dialog: Murdering bloody bandit!
text: The point of Wallace's sword jumps beneath the Lord's chin.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: My name is William Wallace. I am no
dialog: bandit who hides his face... Find
dialog: this man a horse.
text: The green eyes of the defiled highland bride flash fire.
text: William takes his hand from her bow and looks at her, grief
dialog: for Marion in his eyes; for the sake of that she does not
dialog: release the string.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Give him a horse.
text: Hamish extends the reins of the Lord's thoroughbred.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Not this horse. That one.
text: He nods to a bony nag hitched next to a glue pot.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Today we will spare you, and every
dialog: man who has yielded. Go back to
dialog: England. Tell them Scotland's
dialog: daughters and her sons are yours no
dialog: more. Tell them Scotland is free.
text: As the Scots cheer, Wallace throws Lord Bottoms onto the
text: nag's back and slaps the horse's rear. IT shambles away,
text: followed by the English survivors, as the Scots chant...
speaker_heading: SCOTS
dialog: Wal-lace, Wal-lace, Wal-lace!...
scene_heading: CLOSE - A GRAVESTONE - EXT. HIGHLANDS - DAY
text: The marker is carved with the name MARION MacCLANNOUGH, and
text: beneath her name A THISTLE is chiseled into the stone.
text: Bagpipes wail like banshees and the Priest who married Marion
text: and William now mutters ancient prayers as her body, wrapped
text: in burial canvas, is lowered into the earth, under the sad
text: eyes of those who just fought in the battle.
text: Opposite William stands old MacClannough; he stares across
text: the open hole that accepts the body of his daughter, his
text: eyes full of pain, and then staggers away.
text: Wallace kneels at the graveside in unspeakable grief. From
text: within his shirt he withdraws the embroidered handkerchief
text: she gave him, and the bloodstained strip of cloth he gave
text: her. He places the strip over her heart, and as the
text: gravediggers fill the hole her returns the handkerchief to
text: its spot over his own heart.
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON PALACE - DAY
text: Prince Edward is in his garden, playing the medieval version
text: of croquet with his friend. The Princess, ignored, sits
text: watching. Longshanks marches through the game, furious.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: Scottish rebels have routed Lord
dialog: Bottoms!
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: I hear. This Wallace is a bandit,
dialog: nothing more.
text: Longshanks slaps his son, knocking him down among the colored
text: balls and wickets. Everyone gasps, stunned.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: You weak little coward! Stand up!
text: Longshanks jerks him to his feet.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: I go to France to press our rights
dialog: there! I leave you to handle this
dialog: little rebellion, do you understand?
dialog: DO YOU?!
text: Longshanks grabs his son by the throat.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: And turn yourself into a man.
text: The king leaves. The friends of the humiliated Prince hurry
text: to him and lift him; as the Princess moves to him too...
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Get away from me!
text: He slaps her! Her personal guards, Frenchmen in distinctive
text: uniforms, jump from their seats at the edge of the garden,
text: but the Princess raises a hand to show she needs no
text: assistance, and curtseys to Edward, who shouts --
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Convene my military council!
text: As Edward marches off with his entourage, NICOLETTE, a
text: beautiful raven-haired Handmaiden, rushes to the Princess,
text: who is wobbly, hurt more than she let show. Nicolette whispers
text: to her in French, with subtitles...
speaker_heading: NICOLETTE
dialog: They say this Wallace killed thirty
text: men to avenge the death of his woman.
dialog: I hope your husband goes to Scotland.
dialog: Then you'll be a widow.
scene_heading: INT. BRUCE'S CASTLE - BEDCHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Robert the Bruce is in bed with a young Nordic beauty with
text: vacant blue eyes. She drowses; but the lovemaking has not
text: defused the restlessness of Robert's spirit. He lies on his
text: stomach, turned away from her on the bed. Stirring, she kisses
text: his neck; but he doesn't respond.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: I wanted to please you.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You did.
text: But he is numb as she nuzzles him again. She sags back, and
text: he still stares away, lost in thought. Realizing her hurt,
dialog: he explains...
speaker_heading: ROBERT
text: In Lanark village, the king's soldiers
text: killed a girl. Her lover fought his
dialog: way through the soldiers and killed
dialog: the magistrate.
text: She looks at him blankly.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
text: He rebelled. He rebelled. He acted.
dialog: He fought! Was it rage? Pride? Love?
dialog: Whatever it was, he has more of it
dialog: than I.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (hurt)
dialog: You might have lied.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I'm too arrogant to lie.
scene_heading: CLOSE - ROBERT THE BRUCE
text: On his FACE as he moves grimly up a dark castle staircase.
text: He follows a servant who carries a candle against the gloom.
text: They reach a door, which the servant unlocks. Young Robert
text: takes the candle, and enters --
scene_heading: A DARKENED ROOM
text: Robert wills himself forward, and places the candle on a
text: table in the center of the room. A SHUFFLE in the dark; then
text: moving into the light is a LEPER whose once-noble features
text: are decaying with the disease. Isolated in his disfiguration,
text: he looks at his visitor -- his son -- with the eyes of the
text: condemned. Young Robert forces himself not to look away.
scene_heading: ROBERT THE BRUCE
text: Father. A rebellion has begun.
speaker_heading: THE LEPER
dialog: Under whom?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: A commoner named William Wallace.
speaker_heading: THE LEPER
dialog: A commoner? So no one leads Scotland?
text: The old man thinks, and points a half finger at his son.
speaker_heading: THE LEPER
dialog: You will embrace this rebellion.
dialog: Support it, from our lands in the
dialog: north. I will gain English favor by
dialog: condemning it and ordering it opposed
dialog: from our lands in the south. Whichever
dialog: way the tide runs, we will rise.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: This Wallace. He doesn't even have a
text: knighthood. But he fights with
dialog: passion, and he is clever. He inspires
dialog: men.
speaker_heading: THE LEPER
dialog: You admire him. Uncompromising men
dialog: are easy to admire. He has courage.
dialog: So does a dog. But you must understand
dialog: this: Edward Longshanks is the most
dialog: ruthless king ever to sit on the
dialog: throne of England, and none of us,
dialog: and nothing of Scotland, will survive
dialog: unless we are as ruthless, more
dialog: ruthless, than he.
text: Young Bruce rises heavily, and moves to the door.
speaker_heading: THE LEPER
dialog: Press your case to the nobles. They
dialog: will choose who rules Scotland.
text: With a last long look at his father, Robert leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTLAND - MONTAGE - DAY
text: -- Troops ride through the countryside, intimidating and
text: questioning civilians; all refuse to talk.
text: -- Wallace's house burns, as soldiers dig up the graves of
text: his father and brother, and scatter their bones to dogs.
text: -- The English search through the woods, finding nothing.
scene_heading: EXT. WALLACE LANDS - NIGHT
text: William and Hamish ride, to see the damage. They find the
text: smoking ruins, and the defiled family graves.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: Ah, William... I am so sorry.
text: William is struck by an awful, urgent thought...
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERBRUSH NEAR MARION'S GRAVE - DUSK
text: We open on Marion's grave, with the thistle-carved marker,
text: looking peaceful; but up the hill in the underbrush, English
text: soldiers wait in ambush. Edgy, they perk up at the sound of
text: muffled hoofbeats -- then their eyes bug as a cloaked figure --
text: Wallace -- suddenly looms up behind them, galloping and
text: swirling fire! He hurls burning torches into the clustered
dialog: soldiers, setting some of them on fire!
text: MEANWHILE, HAMISH has crawled to Marion's grave and is digging
text: frantically. The new dirt parts easily and he pulls the
text: shrouded body out, cringing with the effort.
text: MORE SOLDIERS rush from behind the rocks at the far side of
text: the graveyard. Wallace charges them, driving them back. He
text: grabs the reins of Hamish's horse, hidden among trees, and
text: gallops to him.
text: Hamish hands the shrouded body up to William and bounds into
text: the saddle of his own horse. They spur the horses and ride
text: away, William clutching Marion's shrouded body to his chest.
scene_heading: EXT. SECRET GROVE ON THE PRECIPICE - NIGHT
text: William dismounts, stretching the body gently on the ground.
text: Hamish dismounts too, with the spade he used to dig up the
text: old grave. He sees the emotion on William's face.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: I'll wait... back there.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Hamish, I... thank...
text: Hamish puts a hand on his friend's shoulder, then quietly
text: leads the horses away. William starts to dig...
scene_heading: LATER IN THE GROVE
text: William sits looking at the new grave, covered with leaves --
text: completely hidden. He touches his hand to the earth.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - BY THE STREAM - NIGHT
text: Hamish is waiting as William comes out of the grove. There
text: is nothing to say. They mount their horses and ride away, as
text: the MUSIC of William and Marion's love haunts us...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - ENCAMPMENT - NIGHT
text: Wallace and his inner circle hare huddled around a small
text: fire. Other highlanders guard the perimeters. Old Campbell
text: is lovingly honing the broadswords to razor edges and sharing
text: a whiskey jug with Hamish, who stares at the fire. Wallace
text: is using a stick to draw diagrams in the dirt.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: What're ya doin'?
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Thinking.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Does it hurt?
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: What do we do when Longshanks sends
dialog: his whole northern army against us?
dialog: They have heavy cavalry. Armored
dialog: horses, that shake the very ground.
dialog: They'll ride right over us.
text: At a loss, Wallace looks up at the sky. HE SEES: the trees
text: stretching into the night like spikes to skewer the stars.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
text: We make spears. A hundred spears.
text: Fourteen feet long.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: Fourteen? --
speaker_heading: SENTRY (O.S.)
dialog: Volunteers coming in!
text: They look to see a half dozen new volunteers being led in,
text: blindfolded. When the guides remove the blindfolds, the new
text: recruits see Wallace and rush to him, bowing.
speaker_heading: RECRUIT (FAUDRON)
dialog: William Wallace? We have come to
dialog: fight and die for you!
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Stand up, man, I'm not the Pope.
speaker_heading: FAUDRON
dialog: I am Faudron! My sword is yours! And
dialog: I brought you this tarta --
text: As he reaches into his cloak, both Hamish and Campbell
text: instantly draw their swords and put the points to his neck.
speaker_heading: SENTRY
dialog: We checked them for arms.
text: Carefully, Faudron pulls out a beautiful tartan scarf, and
text: replaces Wallace's tattered old one.
speaker_heading: FAUDRON
dialog: It's your family tartan! My wife
text: wove it with her own hands.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Thank her for me.
text: A loud voice interrupts...
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Him? That can't be William Wallace!
dialog: I'm prettier than this man!
text: They all look at a slender, handsome young man, STEPHEN, who
text: is talking to himself -- or more accurately, seems to listen
text: to some unheard voice, then answer it...
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: All right, Father, I'll ask him!
dialog: (to William)
dialog: If I risk my neck for you, will I
dialog: get a chance to kill Englishmen?
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: Is your Poppa a ghost -- or do you
dialog: converse with God Almighty?
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: In order to find his equal, and
text: Irishman is forced to talk to God.
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Yes, Father!...
dialog: (to Wallace)
dialog: The Almighty says don't change the
dialog: subject, just answer the fookin'
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Insane Irish --
text: Stephen whips a dagger from his sleeve and puts it at
text: Campbell's throat.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Smart enough to get a dagger past
dialog: your guards, old man.
text: Wallace jerks his sword to the Irishman's throat, and grins.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: That's my friend, Irishman. And the
dialog: answer's yes. You fight for me, you
dialog: kill the English.
text: Stephen grins, and happily tucks away the dagger.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Excellent! Stephen is my name. I'm
dialog: the most wanted man on the Emerald
dialog: Isle. Except I'm not on the Emerald
dialog: Isle of course, more's the pity.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: A common thief.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: A patriot!
text: Wallace shakes his head and moves back to the fire, as the
text: sentries take the newcomers to find their own spaces.
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTISH COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: A column of English light cavalry -- a hundred riders --
text: moves through the picturesque beauty of the Highlands.
text: English LORD DOLECROFT is in command, wearing a hat with a
text: pompous white plume. UP AHEAD, the English SCOUT sees five
text: Scots, including Hamish, walking out of the forest. The Scots
text: run; the Scout rides back to Dolecroft.
speaker_heading: SCOUT
dialog: Scotsmen, Sire! Headed west!
speaker_heading: DOLECROFT
dialog: They've blundered at last! After
dialog: them!
text: The English force charges off. Hamish and his men changed
text: direction but the English spot them crossing a hilltop and
text: ride after them. The Scots run for their lives; the English
text: horses gallop. The Scots run down one slope, up another; the
text: English follow, find their horses stumbling, and see...
speaker_heading: SCOUT
dialog: We're in a bog!
speaker_heading: DOLECROFT
dialog: Here, it's firm this way --
text: But as they move toward the firm ground, fifty Scots appear
text: on the crest of the hill. Hamish leads them, smiling.
text: Dolecroft wheels and looks to his rear; Wallace appears there,
text: with fifty more, and more Scots appear to the left and right
text: of the English, who are surrounded in the bog. Too late,
text: Dolecroft realizes his blunder. Wallace lifts his broadsword,
text: screams, and leads the charge...
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTISH WOODS - DAY
text: The Scots are moving through deep woods; they are laden with
dialog: the booty they took from the English cavalry: extra weapons,
text: clothing, food -- and one man even wears the late Dolecroft's
text: plumed hat. Wallace is leading them, traveling with his heavy
text: sheathed broadsword across his shoulders.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Stop here and rest.
text: They collapse to the leaves and loam, greedily squeezing
text: water from sheep belly canteens.
scene_heading: INT. STIRLING CASTLE - DAY
text: LORD PICKERING, English commander, is handed news of the
text: disaster. He reads the message, and pales.
speaker_heading: PICKERING
dialog: Another ambush! My God! ...What about
dialog: our infiltrator?
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
text: He has already joined them, M'lord.
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTISH WOODS - NIGHT
text: The moon is high above the Scots, encamped for the night.
text: Most everyone is sleeping, but William sits leaning against
text: a tree, lost in lonely thoughts. Suddenly William freezes; a
text: shaft of moonlight illuminates a cloaked woman standing twenty
text: feet ahead of him. Something about her is familiar -- and
text: then she pulls off the hood, revealing her auburn hair,
text: cascading in the moonlight... It is Marion!
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Marion! Is... is it you?
text: Joy explodes on his face, and he runs to her, but stops before
text: he touches her, as if she might evaporate.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: I'm dreaming.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Yes, you are. And you must wake.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: I don't want to wake. I want to stay
dialog: with you.
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: And I with you. But you must wake.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: I need you so much! I love you!
speaker_heading: MARION
dialog: Wake up, William. Wake up!
speaker_heading: HAMISH'S VOICE
dialog: Wake up, William!...
speaker_heading: MARION/HAMISH
dialog: Wake up!...
text: William clutches at Marion, but his arms can't enclose her.
speaker_heading: HE WAKES
text: lying on his new tartan, in camp, with Hamish shaking him,
text: William's arms clutched empty to his chest.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: William! Hounds!
text: Wallace jumps up, hearing the DISTANT BARKING that alarmed
text: Hamish. Stephen, the new Irish recruit, races up.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: We must run in different directions!
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: We don't split up!
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: They used hounds on us in Ireland,
dialog: it's the only way!
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: He's right, Hamish! Campbell! Divide
dialog: them and run!
text: Shoving groups of men in different directions, Wallace then
text: takes off. His group is about a dozen; they race through the
text: woods, dodging trees, running aimlessly. They stop and listen.
text: The BARKS are getting closer.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Split again!
text: Again they divide, and race in different directions.
text: But no matter how they run and dodge, the BARKS grow nearer.
text: We INTERCUT with the approaching of the dogs -- a large PACK
text: OF HOUNDS, with keepers like on a fox hunt, and behind the
text: dogs, Lord Pickering, with his soldiers, prepared for a long
text: chase, cloaked against the wet darkness, carrying torches.
text: Wallace and others pause, hear the dogs, and run again, in a
text: new direction. The hounds are relentless. Wallace's group is
text: down to Hamish, Stephen, and Faudron.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: No matter how we go, they follow.
dialog: They have our scent. My scent.
speaker_heading: FAUDRON
dialog: Run! You must not be caught!
text: Faster now, faster. The barks are getting very close.
text: Wallace and his friends are starting to panic. The blood
text: beats in their ears, their breath scalds their lungs. And we
text: MOVE IN on Wallace's eyes. He stops, gasping.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: We can't stop!
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: They've tricked us.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: What's the crazy man saying, Lord?
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: The dogs have a scent. My scent.
dialog: Someone must have given it to them.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Who would do such a thing?
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Exactly.
text: Wallace pulls out his dagger...
speaker_heading: THE DOGS
text: bark frantically now; they smell a kill; they tug so hard at
text: their leashes that the handlers are almost dragged along.
speaker_heading: HANDLER
dialog: Be ready! We have them!
text: The soldiers grip their weapons, ready to take their
text: prisoners. They burst into the little clearing; the dogs
text: find a body, stabbed, his throat cut; the dogs plunge their
text: snouts into the gore, yipping wildly. The handlers must fight
text: furiously to tear the dogs from the body.
text: Lord Pickering approaches the body and looks down. It is
text: Faudron, mangled now but clearly identifiable -- with the
text: scarf he gave William, in place of William's own, tucked
text: into his shirt.
scene_heading: LORD PICKERING
dialog: Damnation! Damnation!
text: As Pickering rants, his men look at the darkness all around.
scene_heading: LORD PICKERING
dialog: After him! Get them going again!
speaker_heading: HANDLER
text: Their noses are drowned in new blood,
dialog: they'll follow nothing now!
text: And just as the realization hits Pickering that he can't
text: pursue Wallace any further, a cloaked figure mixed in among
text: his men leans in from behind him to whisper...
scene_heading: STEPHEN OF IRELAND
dialog: The Almighty says for you to give
dialog: His regards to the Devil.
text: Pickering's eyes go wide, then roll back as Stephen's dagger
text: slides expertly through his back ribs and into his heart. As
text: Pickering falls and his men realize what has happened, Stephen
text: has already run back into the trees.
text: Pickering's men freeze at this sudden turn of events. Even
text: the dogs whimper, picking up the rising fear of the men around
text: them. Then from the darkness all around them comes a chorus
text: of demonic, bloodcurdling yells --
scene_heading: WALLACE/HAMISH/STEPHEN
text: ARRRRRGGGGGGGHHHH!
text: Three wild men tear out of the darkness from different
text: directions, their swords slashing. Pickering's men panic and
text: run, their dogs yelping, and the other soldiers, evident by
text: their torches, fell with them in all directions.
text: Wallace, Hamish and Stephen are left alone in the heart of
text: the woods, howling, barking like dogs, snarling like wolves --
text: and then laughing like hyenas!
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: I thought I was dead when ya pulled
dialog: that dagger!
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: No English lord would trust an
dialog: Irishman!
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: Let's kill him anyway.
text: They laugh again; then Wallace's laughter leaks away, and he
text: stares into the trees, where he saw Marion in his dream.
scene_heading: VARIOUS SHOTS - THE STORY SPREADS THROUGH SCOTLAND...
text: Two men are talking in A VILLAGE...
speaker_heading: VILLAGER
dialog: ...and William Wallace killed fifty
dialog: men! Fifty, if it was one!
text: The same tale is exchanged by two farmers AT A CROSSROADS...
speaker_heading: FARMER
dialog: A hundred men! With his own sword!
dialog: He cut a through the English like --
text: The tale is repeated IN A TAVERN...
speaker_heading: DRINKER
dialog: -- Moses through the Red Sea! Hacked
dialog: off two hundred heads!
speaker_heading: DRINKER #2
dialog: Two hundred?!
speaker_heading: DRINKER
dialog: Saw it with my own eyes.
text: And the rumors are discussed even INSIDE THE PALACE GROUNDS
text: IN LONDON, where the Prince and his friends are trying on
text: elaborate attire presented them by fawning tailors, and the
text: Princess, ignored by her husband, strolls and chats with her
text: Handmaiden, Nicolette (in subtitled French).
speaker_heading: NICOLETTE
dialog: When the king returns he will bury
dialog: them in those new clothes. Scotland
dialog: is in chaos. Your husband is secretly
text: sending an army north.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: How do you know this?
speaker_heading: NICOLETTE
dialog: Last night I slept with a member of
dialog: the War Council.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: He shouldn't be telling secrets in
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: NICOLETTE
dialog: Ah, Oui! Englishmen don't know what
dialog: a tongue is for.
text: The Princess blushes, whacks her with her fan, and smiles.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: This Scottish rebel... Wallace? He
dialog: fights to avenge a woman?
speaker_heading: NICOLETTE
dialog: A magistrate wished to capture him,
dialog: and found he had a secret lover, so
text: he cut the girl's throat to tempt
dialog: Wallace to fight -- and fight he
dialog: did.
text: The Princess is pained at such cruelty; Nicolette warms to
dialog: share the juicy gossip...
speaker_heading: NICOLETTE
dialog: Knowing his passion for his lost
dialog: love, they next plotted to take him
dialog: by desecrating the graves of his
dialog: father and brother and setting an
text: ambush at the grave of his wife. He
text: fought his way through the trap and
dialog: carried her body to a secret place!
dialog: Now that is romance, Oui?
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: ...I wouldn't know.
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTISH HIGHLANDS - DAY
text: A Highlander, a RUNNER, slips like a shadow up the hillside,
text: to a circle of ancient monoliths. There, hidden among the
text: stone pillars, he finds Wallace and his band resting.
speaker_heading: RUNNER
text: The English are advancing an army
dialog: toward Stirling!
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Do the nobles rally?
speaker_heading: RUNNER
dialog: Robert the Bruce and most of the
dialog: others will not commit to war! But
dialog: word has spread and Highlanders are
dialog: coming down on their own, by the
dialog: hundreds -- by the thousands!
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: Wallace rides down the road, followed by his band. As they
text: pass people on the road, the women, the children, all cheer.
speaker_heading: PEOPLE
dialog: Wallace! It's William Wallace! God
dialog: bless Wallace and Scotland!
text: At a crossroads, more of Wallace's men join them, in clusters.
text: One group carries something long, encased in wool covers.
text: Farmers in the field, blacksmiths at their forges, leave
text: their work and uncover their inevitable weapons and run after
text: the riders. They put on their forbidden tartans, kiss their
text: wives and head off to fight.
scene_heading: EXT. STIRLING FIELD - DAY
text: Stirling Castle perches on a hill high above a grassy field,
text: cut in half by a river, spanned by an old wooden bridge.
text: SCOTTISH NOBLES have gathered on a smaller hill overlooking
text: the field; they wear gleaming armor, with plumes, sashes and
text: banners, and are attended by squires and grooms.
text: The mists of morning shroud most of the field. But from the
text: opposite side of the bridge they hear the CLATTERING of a
text: huge army moving forward. LOCHLAN, a noble, gallops to Mornay.
speaker_heading: LOCHLAN
dialog: It sounds like twenty thousand!
speaker_heading: MORNAY
text: The scouts say it is ten.
speaker_heading: LOCHLAN
dialog: And we have but two!
scene_heading: THE COMMON SCOTTISH SOLDIERS
text: are wearing padded leather shirts, and carry pikes and
text: daggers. As through the mists they see the numbers arrayed
text: against them, a YOUNG SOLDIER tugs at a grizzled VETERAN.
speaker_heading: YOUNG SOLDIER
dialog: So many!
speaker_heading: SCOTTISH VETERAN
dialog: The nobles will negotiate. If they
dialog: deal, they send us home. If not, we
dialog: charge. When we are all dead and
dialog: they can call themselves brave, they
dialog: withdraw.
speaker_heading: YOUNG SOLDIER
dialog: I didn't come to fight so they could
dialog: own more lands that I could work for
dialog: them!
speaker_heading: VETERAN
dialog: Nor did I. Not against these odds!
text: He lowers his pike and starts to desert. At first one-by-one
text: and then in clumps, more highlanders follow.
text: THE NOBLES see the desertion.
speaker_heading: LOCHLAN
dialog: Stop! Men! Do not flee! Not now!
dialog: Wait until we have negotiated!
speaker_heading: MORNAY
dialog: They won't stop -- and who could
dialog: blame them?
text: Then, riding into the mob of men, comes Wallace, followed by
text: his friends. He's striking, charismatic, his powerful arms
text: bare, his chest covered not in armor but a commoner's leather
text: shirt, and unlike the heavy knights on their armored horses,
text: Wallace rides a swift horse, like he was born on it.
text: The entire Scottish army watches in fascination as Wallace
text: and his men ride through them, toward the command hill. The
text: soldiers whisper among themselves...
speaker_heading: YOUNG SOLDIER
dialog: William Wallace?
speaker_heading: VETERAN
dialog: Couldn't be.
text: The common soldiers, already having broken ranks, cluster up
text: the hill to see the confrontation. As Wallace and his captains
text: reach the nobles, Stephen laughs.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: The Almighty says this must be a
dialog: fashionable fight, it's drawn the
dialog: finest people.
speaker_heading: LOCHLAN
dialog: Where is thy salute?
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: For presenting yourselves on this
dialog: battlefield, I give you thanks.
speaker_heading: LOCHLAN
dialog: This is our army. To join it, you
dialog: give homage.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: I give homage to Scotland. And if
dialog: this is your army, why does it go?
text: Wallace reins his horse around to face the mob of sullen
text: men, now frightened, ready to desert. We play this picture,
text: Wallace sitting his horse, looking down in awe at this thing
dialog: that has grown beyond anyone's imagination.
text: He glances at his friends: Campbell, Hamish, Stephen.
dialog: They've got no suggestions, they're just as awed as he is.
speaker_heading: SCOTTISH VETERAN
dialog: We didn't come to fight for them!
speaker_heading: SHOUTS FROM MOB
dialog: Home! The English are too many!
text: Wallace raises his hand, and the army falls silent.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Sons of Scotland!... I am William
dialog: Wallace!
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: William Wallace is seven feet tall!
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Yes, I have heard! He kills men by
dialog: the hundreds! And if he were here,
dialog: he would consume the English with
text: fireballs from his eyes, and bolts
dialog: of lightning from his ass!
dialog: Many laugh -- all get the point.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: I am William Wallace. And my enemies
dialog: do not go away. I saw our good nobles
dialog: hanged. My wife... I am William
dialog: Wallace. And I see a whole army of
dialog: my countrymen, here in defiance of
dialog: tyranny. You have come to fight as
dialog: free men. And free men you are! What
dialog: will you do with freedom? Will you
dialog: fight?
speaker_heading: VETERAN
dialog: Two thousand, against ten? We will
dialog: run -- and live!
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Yes. Fight and you may die. Run and
dialog: you will live, at least awhile. And
dialog: dying in your bed many years from
dialog: now, would you be willing to trade
dialog: all the days from this day to that,
dialog: for one chance to come back here as
dialog: young men, and tell our enemies that
dialog: they make take our lives, but they
dialog: will never take our freedom?
text: Down on the plain, English emissaries in all their regal
text: finery gallop over the bridge, under a banner of truce.
speaker_heading: VETERAN
dialog: Look! The English comes to barter
dialog: with our nobles for castles and
dialog: titles. And our nobles will not be
dialog: in the front of the battle!
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: No! They will not!
text: He dismounts, and draws his sword.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: And I will.
text: Slowly, the chant begins, and builds...
speaker_heading: SCOTS
dialog: Wal-lace! Wal-lace! WAL-LACE!
text: BAGPIPERS play, pulling the mob back into companies. But
text: through the lifting mists they see the overwhelming enemy
text: army. Hamish, Campbell and Stephen move up beside William.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Fine speech. Now what do we do?
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Bring out our spearmen and set them
text: in the field.
text: Campbell, Hamish and Stephen ride off. Mornay reins his horse
text: over, lifts the reins of Wallace's horse, and extends them
text: to him: an invitation to join the pre-battle talks.
text: Wallace mounts up and rides out with the Scottish nobles to
dialog: meet the English contingent.
text: OUT ON THE FIELD, THE TWO GROUPS OF RIDERS
text: meet like the captains of football teams before the kickoff.
text: CHELTHAM, head of the English contingent, glares at Wallace.
speaker_heading: CHELTHAM
dialog: Mornay. Lochlan. Inverness.
speaker_heading: MORNAY
dialog: Cheltham. This is William Wallace
speaker_heading: CHELTHAM
dialog: Here are the King's terms. Lead this
dialog: army off the field, and he will give
dialog: you each estates in Yorkshire,
dialog: including hereditary title, from
dialog: which you will pay him an annual --
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: I have an offer for you.
speaker_heading: CHELTHAM
dialog: ...From which you will pay the King
dialog: an annual duty...
text: Wallace pulls his broadsword and snaps it at Cheltham, whose
text: eyes flash in disbelief at the bad manners.
speaker_heading: LOCHLAN
dialog: You disrespect a banner of truce?!
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: From his king? Absolutely. Here are
dialog: Scotland's terms. Lower your flags
dialog: and march straight to England,
dialog: stopping at every Scottish home you
dialog: pass to beg forgiveness for a hundred
dialog: years of theft, rape, and murder. Do
dialog: that, and your men shall live. Do it
dialog: not, and every one of you will die
dialog: today.
text: Cheltham barks at the Scottish nobles...
speaker_heading: CHELTHAM
dialog: You are outmatched! You haven't even
dialog: any cavalry! In two centuries no
dialog: army has won without it!
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: I'm not finished. Before we let you
dialog: leave, your commander must cross
dialog: that bridge, stand before this army,
text: put his head between his legs, and
dialog: kiss his own ass.
text: The outraged Englishman gallops back to his lines.
speaker_heading: MORNAY
dialog: I'd say that was rather less cordial
dialog: that he was used to.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Be ready, and do exactly as I say.
text: They return to the Scottish lines. Wallace dismounts where
text: his men are breaking out new 14-foot spears. Hamish, eyebrows
text: raised, looks expectantly at Wallace; Wallace nods.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: Wish I could see the noble lord's
text: face when he tells him.
scene_heading: LORD TALMADGE, AT HIS COMMAND POST
text: The husky English commander's blood boils from Cheltham's
text: report. Before he can respond, they see WALLACE'S SPEARMEN
text: taking up a position on the far side of the bridge. Suddenly
text: the Scots turn and lift their kilts and moon the English!
speaker_heading: TALMADGE
dialog: Insolent bastard! Full attack! Give
dialog: no quarter! And I want this Wallace's
dialog: heart brought to me on a plate!
text: Cheltham spurs his horse to form up the attack...
scene_heading: EXT. THE FIELD BELOW STIRLING CASTLE - DAY
text: The English army moves forward toward the bridge. It's so
text: narrow that only a single file of riders can move across it
text: at any one time. The English heavy cavalry, two hundred
text: knights, cross uncontested, and form up on the other side.
text: WITH WALLACE AND THE SCOTS
text: Things look terrible. Stephen turns to William.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: The Lord tell me He can get me out
dialog: of this mess. But He's pretty sure
dialog: you're fooked.
scene_heading: ON THE ENGLISH SIDE
text: Talmadge sees the Scots doing nothing.
speaker_heading: TALMADGE
dialog: Amateurs! They do not even contest
dialog: us! Send across the infantry.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: M'lord, the bridge is so narrow --
speaker_heading: TALMADGE
dialog: The Scots just stand in their
dialog: formations!
dialog: Our cavalry will ride them down like grass. Get the infantry
dialog: across so they can finish the slaughter!
text: The English leaders shout orders and keep their men moving
text: across the bridge. Talmadge gestures for the attack flag.
text: THE CAVALRY ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE BRIDGE
text: The English knights see the signal banners, telling them to
text: attack. They take the lances from their squires, and lower
text: the visors of their helmets. Proud, plumed, glimmering; they
text: look invincible. Their huge horses, themselves draped in
text: scarlet and purple, look like tanks. The knights charge!
text: Their hooves THUNDER; the horses are so heavy the ground
text: literally shakes with the charge.
text: The Scots stand and watch them come on. It's difficult to
text: imagine the courage this takes; from the POV OF THE SCOTTISH
text: LINES we see the massive horses boring in... we feel the
text: RISING THUNDER of the charge, closer, closer...
text: Wallace moves to the front of the lead group of Scots.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Steady! Hold... hold... NOW!
text: The Scots snap their 14-foot spears straight up in unison.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
speaker_heading: FORM!
text: Now the spearmen snap the spears forward in ranks, the first
text: line of men bracing their spears at an angle three feet above
text: the ground, the men behind them bracing theirs at a five
text: foot level, the men behind that bracing at seven feet.
dialog: The English knights have never seen such a formation. Their
text: lances are useless and it's too late to stop! The momentum
text: that was to carry the horses smashing through the men on
text: foot now becomes suicidal force; knights and horses impale
text: themselves on the long spears like beef on skewers.
speaker_heading: TALMADGE
text: can see it; but worse is the SOUND, the SCREAMS OF DYING MEN
text: AND HORSES, carried to him across the battlefield.
scene_heading: WALLACE AND HIS MEN
text: are protected, behind a literal wall of fallen chargers and
text: knights. Wallace draws his broadsword and leads his swordsmen
text: out onto the field, attacking the knights that are still
text: alive. Most are off their horses; a few have managed to pull
text: up their mounts. Wallace and his men are so much more mobile
text: than the knights; the field runs with blood.
text: Wallace faces Talmadge in the distance.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Here I am, English coward! Come get
dialog: me!!
text: TALMADGE is even more enraged -- and his judgment is gone.
speaker_heading: TALMADGE
dialog: Press the men across!
speaker_heading: CHELTHAM
dialog: But M'lord!
text: Talmadge himself gallops forward.
speaker_heading: TALMADGE
dialog: PRESS THEM!
text: WALLACE smiles. He grabs Hamish.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Tell Mornay to ride to the flank and
dialog: cross upstream. Wait! Tell him to be
dialog: sure the English see him ride away!
text: Hamish hurries off with the message.
text: The English infantry keeps moving across the little bridge.
text: The Scottish nobles watch from their positions on horseback.
text: They have a few dozen mounted riders, none heavily armored.
speaker_heading: LOCHLAN
dialog: If he waits much longer --
text: Hamish hurries up.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
text: Ride around and ford behind them!
speaker_heading: MORNAY
dialog: We should not divide our forces!
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: Wallace says do it! And he says for
dialog: you to let the English see you!
speaker_heading: MORNAY
dialog: (understanding)
dialog: They shall think we run away.
text: Mornay leads his riders away.
speaker_heading: LORD TALMADGE
text: sees the Scottish nobles ride off, and shouts to Cheltham...
speaker_heading: TALMADGE
dialog: See! Every Scot with a horse is
dialog: fleeing! Hurry! Hurry!
text: He drives half his army across the river.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
text: lifts his sword.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: For Scotland!
text: He charges down the hill...
scene_heading: THE FIGHT AT STIRLING BRIDGE - VARIOUS SHOTS
text: The Scots follow Wallace on foot, charging into the English.
text: The English leaders are stunned by the ferocious attack.
speaker_heading: TALMADGE
dialog: Press reinforcements across!
text: The English leaders try to herd more of their footsoldiers
text: onto the bridge, which only hams them up. Meanwhile, on the
text: other side of the bridge, Wallace and his charging men slam
text: into the English infantry with wild fury. The English fall
text: back on each other, further blocking the bridge.
text: UP ON THE HILLTOP
text: The nobles look back with grudging admiration.
speaker_heading: MORNAY
dialog: He's taking the bloody bridge! The
dialog: English can't get across! He's evened
dialog: the odds at one stroke!
text: With rising desire to join the bandwagon, the nobles spur...
text: DOWN ON THE PLAIN, Wallace and the attacking men drive the
text: English back, killing as they go. The Scots reach the bridge
text: itself. The waters below it run red with blood.
text: Talmadge has begun to panic.
speaker_heading: TALMADGE
dialog: Use the archers!
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: They're too close, we'll shoot out
dialog: own men!
speaker_heading: ON THE BRIDGE
text: the Scots are carving their way through the English soldiers;
text: nothing can stop them. Wallace is relentless; each time he
text: swings, a head flies, or an arm. Hamish and Stephen fight
text: beside him, swinging the broadsword with both hands. Old
text: Campbell loses his shield in the grappling; an English
text: swordsman whacks at him and takes off his left hand, but
text: Campbell batters him to the ground with his right, and stabs
text: him. Reaching the English side of the bridge, the Scots begin
text: to build a barrier with the dead bodies.
text: The English are not without courage. Cheltham leads a
text: desperate counterattack. The Scots make an impenetrable
text: barrier of slashing blades. Still Cheltham keeps coming;
text: Wallace hits him with a vertical slash that parts his helmet,
text: his hair, and his brain.
text: TALMADGE has seen enough; he gallops away. The remaining
text: English General tries to save the army.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: We are still five thousand! Rally!
text: The English try to form up; but the Scottish horsemen, fording
text: the river high upstream, come crashing into the English flank
text: and ride over the surprised English infantry.
scene_heading: AT THE BRIDGE, WALLACE
text: sees the Scottish nobles attacking. The English soldiers are
text: in utter panic, running and being cut down on all sides.
dialog: And the Scottish soldiers taste something Scots have not
dialog: tasted for a hundred years: victory. Even while finishing
text: off the last of the English soldiers, they begin their highlow
dialog: chant... Even the noblemen take up the chant!
text: Wallace looks around at the aftermath of the battle: bodies
text: on the field; soldiers lying impaled; stacks of bodies on
text: the bridge; the bridge slick with blood.
text: Before it can all sink in, William is lifted on the shoulders
dialog: of his men.
scene_heading: SCOTTISH SOLDIERS
dialog: Wal-lace! Wal-lace! Wal-lace!
scene_heading: INT. CASTLE - GREAT HALL - DAY
text: William kneels before one of Scotland's ancient elders, who
text: lifts a silver sword and dubs William's shoulders.
speaker_heading: ELDER
dialog: I knight thee Sir William Wallace.
text: William rises and faces the Great Hall, crowded with hundreds
text: of new admirers, as well as his old friends in their new
text: clothes and armor. The crowd chants --
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Wal-lace, Wal-lace!!
text: Wallace lifts his eyes, taking it all in. At the rear of the
text: hall is a balcony, backed by a magnificent sunlit stained
text: glass window, and in the center of its rainbow corona he
text: sees a familiar form: Marion, so real to him in this moment
text: of triumph that he can see her, glowing like an angel, in a
dialog: gown worthy of the occasion. But the illusion won't last; in
text: the blink of an eye she is gone, and Wallace hears the chant,
text: and fingers the cloth she gave him.
scene_heading: INT. SCOTTISH COUNCIL - DAY
text: The nobles of Scotland are gathered in the huge chamber; a
text: massive table runs across the far end of the room, and aligned
text: on either side are the two rival factions of nobles, glaring
text: at each other. Old Craig is in the center, with young Robert
text: the Bruce on his right. There is a general MURMUR along the
text: nobles, and Robert whispers to Craig...
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Does anyone know his politics?
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: No. But his weight with the commoners
dialog: could unbalance everything. The
dialog: Balliols will kiss his ass, so we
dialog: must.
text: A court STEWARDS steps in and formally announces...
speaker_heading: STEWARD
dialog: Lords of Scotland: Sir William
dialog: Wallace!
text: The nobles on each side of the table try to outdo each other
text: in their acclamation as Wallace strides in, flanked by Hamish,
text: Campbell, and Stephen, splendid in their tartans.
text: Old Craig rises.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Sir William. In the name of God, we
dialog: declare and appoint thee High
dialog: Protector of Scotland! And thy
dialog: captains as aides decamp!
text: The nobles rise; court attendants hurry to Wallace and drape
text: a golden chain of office around his neck. Wallace takes the
text: three smaller chains they bring and drapes them around the
text: necks of his friends, as once again the nobles applaud.
text: Almost before the applause dies, a member of the BALLIOL
text: clan, who has kept an open seat beside him, speaks up...
speaker_heading: BALLIOL
dialog: Sir William!! Inasmuch as you and
dialog: your captains hail from a region
dialog: long known to support the Balliol
dialog: clan, may we invite you to join us?
text: But Wallace's gaze has locked onto Robert the Bruce, who
text: stares back, the two young lions instantly recognizing the
dialog: leadership power of each other.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: You are Robert the Bruce.
scene_heading: ROBERT THE BRUCE
dialog: I am.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: My father fought in support of yours.
text: The Balliols shrivel. The nobles on the Bruce side can barely
text: keep from grinning. Suddenly the men on the other end of the
text: table change their attack.
speaker_heading: BALLIOL
dialog: With this new success, the result of
dialog: all of Scotland's efforts, now is
dialog: the time to declare a king!
speaker_heading: MORNAY
dialog: Then you are prepared to recognize
dialog: our legitimate succession!
speaker_heading: BALLIOL
dialog: You're the ones who won't support
dialog: the true claim! I demand consideration
dialog: of these documents!
text: Wallace glances again at the Bruce, who suddenly feels ashamed
text: of the bickering.
speaker_heading: MORNAY
dialog: Those were lies when they were
dialog: written! Our documents prove
dialog: absolutely that --
text: Suddenly Wallace turns his back and walks toward the door.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Sir William! Where are you going?
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: We have beaten the English! But
dialog: they'll come back, because you won't
dialog: stand together. There is one clan in
dialog: this country -- Scotsmen. One class --
dialog: free. One price -- courage.
text: He turns again and strides toward the door.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: But... what will you do?
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: I will invade England. And defeat
text: the English on their own ground.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Invade?! That's impossible, it --
text: Wallace slings out his broadsword and moves down the length
text: of the table, bashing the succession documents into the laps
dialog: of the nobles.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: LISTEN TO ME! Longshanks understands
dialog: this! This!
text: He brandishes the broadsword.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: There is a difference between us.
dialog: You think the people of this country
dialog: exist to provide you with position.
dialog: I think your position exists to
dialog: provide the people with freedom. And
dialog: I go to make sure they have it.
text: Wallace bangs through the door. Suppressing smiles, his
text: friends file out behind him.
scene_heading: INT. EDINBURGH CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Wallace and his men are marching away, as Robert the Bruce
text: runs out after them.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Wait! ...I respect what you said.
dialog: But remember, these men have lands,
dialog: castles. Much to risk.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: And the common man who bleeds on the
dialog: battlefield, does he risk less?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: No. But from top to bottom this
dialog: country has no sense of itself. Its
dialog: nobles share allegiance with England
text: and its clans war with each other.
dialog: If you make enemies on both sides of
dialog: the border, you'll end up dead.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: We all end up dead. It's only a
dialog: question of how. And why.
text: Wallace walks; Robert catches up and speaks to him in an
text: urgent half whisper, so that no one else can hear.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I'm no coward! I want what you want!
dialog: But we need the nobles.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Nobles? What does that mean -- to be
dialog: noble? Your title gives you claim to
dialog: the throne of our country. But men
dialog: don't follow titles, they follow
dialog: courage! Your arm speaks louder than
dialog: your tongue. Our people know you.
dialog: Noble and common, they respect you.
dialog: If you would lead them toward freedom,
dialog: they would follow you. And so would
dialog: I.
text: Wallace walks away, leaving Robert the Bruce alone.
scene_heading: THE SCOTTISH ARMY - DAY
text: Wallace rides at the head of his army, moving through the
text: countryside of northern England. It is autumn, the foliage
text: is beautiful, the wheat fields gold with harvest.
scene_heading: EXT. ESTABLISHING YORK CITY - DAY
text: A medieval city guarded by a fortress.
scene_heading: INT. THE FORTRESS - MAP ROOM - DAY
text: The ROYAL GOVERNOR is a spoiled young man, Longshanks' nephew.
text: He is studying maps and written appeals for help; his CAPTAIN
text: of defenses strides in with another note.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Message from your cousin, the Prince.
dialog: He says London has no more troops to
dialog: send.
speaker_heading: GOVERNOR
dialog: Every town in Northern England is
dialog: begging for help! Where will Wallace
dialog: strike first?
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: I should think these smaller
dialog: settlements along the border...
text: They hear shouts as a rider arrives and dismounts. They look
text: out to see a panicked RIDER, who shouts up...
speaker_heading: RIDER
dialog: He advances!
speaker_heading: GOVERNOR
dialog: To what town?
speaker_heading: RIDER
dialog: He comes here!
speaker_heading: SMASH TO:
text: CARTS, RUMBLING IN PANIC DOWN A ROAD
text: as civilians flee the walled city in the distance.
scene_heading: THE SCOTTISH ARMY
text: has cut a huge tree and placed it on wheels. It rumbles
text: ominously TOWARD CAMERA...
text: THE CIVILIAN PANIC CONTINUES as more people join the swell
dialog: of those leaving York.
text: THE SCOTTISH ARMY keeps coming on.
text: INSIDE THE WALLS OF THE CITY - DAY
text: The governor is furious and confused.
speaker_heading: GOVERNOR
dialog: We will not allow a bandit to panic
dialog: the greatest city in Northern England!
dialog: Close off the escapes! Let no one
dialog: leave!
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: The city has emptied already, Sire.
text: Only the Scottish civilians remain.
text: The Governor turns to his captain with a look worthy of his
dialog: uncle, Longshanks the King.
text: ON THE BATTERING RAM
text: as it picks up speed and SLAMS into the wooden gate of the
text: city. With the collision, THE BATTLE IS ON. It's a night
text: battle: torches, flaming arrows, pots of boiling oil being
text: splashed down at the attackers, who swarm the gate.
text: The oil beats the first wave of Scots back, but Wallace rushes
text: forward, grabbing the ram cart with his own hands; the
text: attackers rally to him, helping him slam the gate again and
text: again. It breaks; but behind it is an awful tangle of carts,
text: broken sheds, impenetrable rubbish. Wallace grabs a torch,
text: throws it into the wooden tangle, and shouts --
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Back! Wait for it to burn!
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CITY
text: The Captain hurries into the tower room.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: They've breached the wall!
speaker_heading: GOVERNOR
dialog: Then do as I ordered.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE WALLS
text: The Scots wait, biding their time as the barrier burns.
text: Suddenly they look up in horror; the English are throwing
text: the bodies of hanged Scots over the wall.
text: They stare at this in mute shock. Wallace is frozen, his
text: eyes reflecting his boyhood reaction. His men rush forward.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: STOP! NOT YET! LISTEN TO ME!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They wish to frighten us! Or goad us
dialog: into attacking too soon! Don't look
dialog: away! LOOK!
text: The Scots look at the hanging bodies.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Behold the enemy we fight! We will
dialog: be more merciful than they have been.
dialog: We will spare women, children, and
dialog: priests. For all else, no mercy.
text: Wallace draws his broadsword. The burning debris inside the
text: gate collapses, leaving a tunnel through the fire. Wallace
text: screams, and leads the charge through the burning barrier.
scene_heading: INT. THE PALACE IN LONDON - DAY
text: Prince Edward and Phillip, his fencing friend and lover,
text: hear a contingent of horsemen clatter into the courtyard
text: below; they look out the window and see the arrival of
dialog: Longshanks.
text: They lean back into the room and Edward begins to pace
dialog: nervously.
speaker_heading: PHILLIP
dialog: It is not your fault! Stand up to
dialog: him.
text: Edward shows Phillip the dagger he has concealed in his belt
text: behind his back.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: I will stand up to him, and more.
text: Longshanks bangs the door open and stalks in angrily. First
text: he glares at Phillip with obvious loathing, then turns his
text: piercing stare to his own son.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: What news of the north?
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Nothing new, Majesty. We have sent
dialog: riders to speed any word.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: While I am in France fighting to
dialog: expand your future kingdom I learn
dialog: that Stirling castle is lost, our
dialog: entire northern army wiped out! And
dialog: you have done nothing?!
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: I have ordered conscriptions...
text: A messenger enters and hands the prince a message. Edward
text: reads it and nearly loses his balance.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Wallace has sacked York!
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: Impossible.
dialog: (to messenger)
dialog: How dare you bring a panicky lie.
text: The messenger has also brought a basket. He approaches the
text: central table with great dread and places the basket on it,
text: uncovering its contents. Prince Edward is closest; he looks
text: in, then staggers back, stunned. Longshanks moves to the
text: sack coldly, looks in, and withdraws the severed head of his
dialog: nephew, York's (former) Governor.
speaker_heading: PHILLIP
dialog: Sire! Thy own nephew! What beast
dialog: could do such a thing?!
text: The king drops the head back into the sack, unmoved.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: If he can sack York, he can invade
dialog: lower England.
speaker_heading: PHILLIP
dialog: We would stop him!
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: Edward, who is this shitpoker who
dialog: speaks to me as if I needed his
dialog: advice?
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: I have declared Phillip my High
dialog: Counselor.
text: Longshanks nods as if impressed. He moves to Phillip and
text: examines the gold chain of office that the young man wears.
text: Then Longshanks grabs him and throws him out the window, the
text: same one Edward and Phillip were looking out, six stories
text: above the courtyard. We hear Phillip's SCREAM as he falls.
text: Edward rushes toward the window in horror. He looks out at
text: the result, turns back toward his father in shock and hatred,
text: and only then remembers the dagger and goes for it.
text: He stabs at Longshanks; the old king smiles at the attack,
text: parrying, letting his arms be cut.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: You fight back at last!
text: Then Longshanks unleashes his own hateful fury; he grapples
text: with Edward, knocking the dagger away and hurling him to the
text: floor; then Longshanks kicks his son, again and again. He
text: exhausts his fury on him.
text: Edward is a bloody mess; Longshanks coughs up a bit of blood.
text: He ignores it and his son's wreckage, and goes back to the
text: discussion, as if this fight was normal business.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: We must sue for a truce, and buy him
dialog: off. But who will go to him? Not I.
dialog: If I came under the sword of this
dialog: murderer, I would end up like my
dialog: nephew. And not you, the sight of my
dialog: faggot son would only encourage an
dialog: enemy to take over this country. So
dialog: whom do I send?
text: Longshanks calculates.
scene_heading: EXT. WALLACE ARMY CAMP - DAY
text: A full encampment, across an English field; campfires chase
text: the dawn chill. Soldiers sharpen swords and spear points.
text: Wallace is huddled with his inner circle, all except Campbell,
text: who receives a report from a scout.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
text: A royal entourage comes, flying
text: banners of truce, and the standards
dialog: of Longshanks himself!
text: Wallace buckles on his sword.
scene_heading: AN ENGLISH PAVILION TENT - YORKSHIRE - DAY
text: Set up for a meeting in a sunny meadow. Wallace and his men
text: ride in, wary, ready for ambush. They surround the tent.
text: There are two dozen royal soldiers there, but they make no
text: threatening moves.
text: No sound from the tent. Wallace rests his hand on the handle
text: of his broadsword, ready.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Longshanks! I have come.
text: Servants pull back the sides of the tent door, and a tall,
text: slender, shapely female figure appears there. There in the
dialog: shadows, she looks just like Marion! William is not the only
text: one who notices the resemblance; he glances at Hamish and
text: Campbell and sees them haunted by it too. Is this another
text: dream? He pales, as she steps into the morning sun. She moves
text: toward him, her face lowered. It is Marion!
text: She reaches him, lifts her face... and he sees the Princess!
text: William is relieved -- and yet as he sees the Princess more
text: closely he is still shaken by the resemblance in the way she
text: carries herself, her shape, the fall of her hair.
text: The Princess is struck with Wallace, too -- tall, powerful,
text: and commanding. Wallace dismounts, and moves to face her.
text: Their eyes hang on each other. She sees something that she
text: has not seen in the face of a man in her whole life.
text: She surprises him by bending at the knee, in a half-submissive
text: yet proud curtsey.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: I am the Princess of Wales.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Wife of Edward, the king's son?
text: She nods; somehow she is already ashamed.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: I come as the king's servant, and
dialog: with his authority.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: It's battle I want, not talk.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: But now that I am here, will you
dialog: speak with a woman?
text: She leads him under the pavilion, a purple canopy shading
text: rich carpets laid on the bare ground. Watching the gorgeous
text: walk, Stephen lies back on his saddle and twitches his leg
text: like a horny dog. Hamish backhands him; Campbell, Hamish and
text: Stephen quickly dismount and follow the procession,
text: shouldering their way in beside the Princess's French guards,
text: so they can watch Wallace's back. The rest of the Scots
text: surround the tent, ready for ambush.
text: Nicolette is among the royal attendants there; seeing Wallace,
text: she shoots a glance at the Princess that says Ooo-La-La! The
text: servants have brought a throne for the Princess, a lower
text: chair for Wallace. She sits; he refuses the chair.
text: She studies him, taking in his anger and his pride.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: I understand that you have recently
dialog: been given the rank of knight.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: I have been given nothing. God makes
dialog: men what they are.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: Did God make you the sacker of
dialog: peaceful cities? The executioner of
dialog: the king's nephew, my husband's own
dialog: cousin?
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: York was the staging point for every
dialog: invasion of my country. And that
dialog: royal cousin hanged a hundred Scots,
dialog: even women and children, from the
dialog: city walls.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: That is not possible.
text: But knowing Longshanks' family, she glances at a richly
text: dressed Advisor, a CRONY of the king, who averts his eyes.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Longshanks did far worse, the last
dialog: time he took a Scottish city.
text: The Crony mumbles to her in LATIN, WITH SUBTITLES...
speaker_heading: CRONY
dialog: (Latin)
text: He is a murdering bandit, he lies.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: (Latin!)
dialog: I am no bandit. And I do not lie.
text: They are startled at Wallace's fluency in Latin.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Or in French if you prefer that:
dialog: Certainmous et ver! Ask your king to
text: his face, and see if his eyes can
dialog: convince you of the truth.
text: She stares for a long moment at Wallace's eyes.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: Hamilton, leave us.
speaker_heading: CRONY (HAMILTON)
dialog: M'lady --
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: Leave us now.
text: He reluctantly obeys. Seeing that she wants the exchange to
text: be private, Wallace turns and nods for his men to leave.
text: Stephen, who has been admiring the lady's beauty non-stop,
text: leans in and whispers to William...
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Her husband's more of a queen than
dialog: she is. Did you know that?
text: Stephen moves off with Hamish and Campbell. Wallace and the
dialog: princess are left alone.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: Let us talk plainly. You invade
dialog: England. But you cannot complete the
dialog: conquest, so far from your shelter
dialog: and supply. The King proposes that
dialog: you withdraw your attack. In return
dialog: he grants you title, estates, and
dialog: this chest with a thousand pounds of
dialog: gold, which I am to pay to you
dialog: personally.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: A Lordship. And gold. That I should
dialog: become Judas.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: Peace is made is such ways.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
text: SLAVES ARE MADE IN SUCH WAYS!
text: The outburst startles even those watching from a distance.
text: The Princess is mesmerized by Wallace's passion.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: I understand you have suffered. I
dialog: know... about your woman.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: She was my wife. We married in secret
dialog: because I would not share her with
dialog: an English lord. They killed her to
dialog: get to me. And she was pregnant.
text: The Princess is stunned; Wallace is dead still.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: I've never told anyone. I don't know
dialog: why I tell you -- except because you
dialog: look... much like her. And someday
dialog: you will be a queen, and you must
dialog: open your eyes!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Tell your king that William Wallace
dialog: will not be ruled. Nor will any Scot,
dialog: while I live.
text: The Princess rises slowly from her chair, moves in front of
text: him, and lowers herself to her knees. The Crony and her other
text: attendants, seeing this from a distance, are shocked.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: Sir. I leave this money, as a gift.
dialog: Not from the king, but from myself.
dialog: And not to you, but to the orphans
dialog: of your country.
text: She lifts her face. Their eyes hold a moment too long.
scene_heading: LATER, EXT. FIELD - DAY
text: Wallace and his captains sit on horseback at the head of
text: their company and watch as the Princess' procession leaves.
text: Hamish studies Wallace's face; Wallace notices and gives him
text: a non-committal shrug. As the carriage rolls away, its window
text: curtains lift back slightly. All they see are the Princess'
text: fingers, but they know she looked back. Wallace reins his
text: horse away, to ride back to camp.
scene_heading: INT. EDWARD'S PALACE - DAY
text: The doors open; the Princess enters Longshanks' war council;
text: Prince Edward is there, among a dozen others.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: My son's loyal wife returns, unkilled
dialog: by the heathen. So he accepted our
dialog: bribe.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: No. He did not.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: Then why does he stay? My scouts say
dialog: he has not advanced.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: He waits. For you. He says he will
dialog: attack no more towns -- if you are
dialog: man enough to come fight him.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: You spoke with this Wallace in
dialog: private. What kind of man is he?
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: ...A mindless barbarian. Not a king
dialog: like you, M'lord.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: The Scottish nobles have sent him no
text: support. His army starves. Our stall
dialog: has worked, he must withdraw. You
dialog: may return to your embroidery.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: Humbly, M'lord.
text: She barely curtseys, and starts out.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: You brought back the money, of course?
text: He already knows she didn't; Hamilton is standing near him.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: No. I have it to ease the suffering
dialog: of the children of this war.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: (glances at son)
dialog: This is what happens when you must
dialog: send a woman. And a fool.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: Forgive me, Sire. I thought that
dialog: generosity might demonstrate your
dialog: greatness to those you mean to rule.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: My greatness is better demonstrated
dialog: with this.
text: From a box at his feet the king withdraws a crossbow and
text: throws it onto the table. Most of those there are shocked.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: The weapon has been outlawed by the
dialog: Pope himself!
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: So the Scots will have none of them,
dialog: will they? My armorers have already
dialog: made a thousand.
text: Longshanks smiles. No one notices that the Princess is deadly
dialog: pale.
scene_heading: EXT. WALLACE ARMY CAMP - DAY
text: The Scots are lining up to leave their encampment. Wallace
text: is about to give the signal to start the march when Hamish,
text: beside him, comes alert; a small group of riders in
text: distinctive attire are coming toward them; what can this be?
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: William -- French guards?
text: The riders stop at a distance, and out from their ranks comes
text: a single rider, sitting sidesaddle. It is Nicolette.
text: Wallace and Hamish recognize her from the Princess's visit.
text: She trots her horse the rest of the way, while the French
text: guards stay back. Hamish helps her from her horse. She moves
text: to Wallace, and opens the heavy folds of her heavy riding
dialog: cape.
text: Secreted there, hung from a rope at her neck, is a crossbow.
scene_heading: EXT. A FIELD IN SCOTLAND - DAY
text: Wallace has gathered the nobles, among them Robert the Bruce,
text: Mornay, and old Craig, for a demonstration. Hamish and Stephen
text: have placed a spearman's chestplate against a bale of hay.
text: As William cranks the crossbow to its full cocked position
text: and places a bolt in its slot, Stephen tucks a melon behind
dialog: the armor.
text: William aims... and fires. The bolt slashes through the air
text: and punches through the armor and the melon, leaving no doubt
text: what it would do to a man's heart. The nobles pale.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: That is why the Pope outlawed the
dialog: weapon! It makes war too terrible.
speaker_heading: MORNAY
dialog: How many does Longshanks have?
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: A thousand.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You have made me Guardian of Scotland.
dialog: So I tell you this is what we face.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: We must sue for peace.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Peace?!
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: We cannot defeat this --
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: With cavalry -- not heavy, like the
text: English, but light, fast horsemen,
dialog: like you nobles employ -- we could
dialog: outmaneuver their bowmen!
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: It is suicide.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Sir William --
text: The Bruce sees Wallace about to explode, and tries to
text: intervene -- but Wallace's anger is too great.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: We won at Stirling and still you
dialog: quibbled! We won at York and you
dialog: would not support us! Then I said
dialog: nothing! Now I say you are cowards!
text: The nobles grip their weapons; Wallace, Hamish and Stephen
dialog: are ready to finish this quarrel right here. Robert the Bruce,
text: backed by Mornay, steps between the two sides.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Please, Sir William! Speak with me
dialog: alone! I beg you!
text: The nobles stalk away, and Robert draws Wallace away, to the
text: target Wallace shot, so they are alone.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: You have achieved more than anyone
dialog: dreamed. But fighting these odds
text: looks like rage, not courage. Peace
dialog: offers its rewards! Has war become a
dialog: habit you cannot break?
text: The question strikes deep.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: War finds me willing. I know it won't
dialog: bring back all I have lost. But it
dialog: can bring what none of us have ever
dialog: had -- a country of our own. For
dialog: that we need a king. We need you.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I am trying.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Then tell me what a king is! Is he a
dialog: man who believes only what others
dialog: believe? Is he one who calculates
dialog: the numbers for and against him but
dialog: never weighs the strength in your
dialog: own heart? There is strength in you.
dialog: I see it. I know it.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: I must... consult with my father.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: And I will consult with mine.
text: Robert the Bruce walks off the field, heading the way the
text: other nobles went. Wallace rejoins Hamish and Stephen. They
dialog: look to him; what do we do now?
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Remember when the English turned
dialog: their hounds on us? Maybe we should
dialog: introduce them to our dogs.
text: INT. THE DARKENED ROOM OF BRUCE THE ELDER, THE LEPER
text: In the faint nimbus of the single candle, young Robert sits
text: across from his leper father. The son grips his own head, as
text: if stunned by a blow.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: This... cannot be the way.
speaker_heading: THE LEPER
dialog: You have said yourself that the nobles
dialog: will not support Wallace, so how
dialog: does it help us to join the side
dialog: that is slaughtered?
text: Heartsick, the father reaches across the table, then stays
text: his arm, unwilling to touch his son with his leprous hand.
speaker_heading: THE LEPER
dialog: My son. Look at me. I cannot be king.
dialog: You, and you alone, can rule Scotland.
dialog: What I tell you, you must do -- for
dialog: yourself, and for your country.
text: Young Robert holds his father with his eyes, and does not
dialog: look away.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BATTLE OF FALKIRK - DAY
text: The Scottish army moves out onto the hilly plain, covered in
text: the gray mists. They see glimpses of the enemy in the
text: distance. Wallace deploys the Scots: Campbell with the
text: schiltrons (spear formations), Stephen with the infantry,
text: the noble Mornay leading the cavalry, and with Wallace and
text: Hamish on horseback, looking over the field. Hamish sees
text: gazing up at an empty hill above the field.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
text: The Bruce is not coming, William.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Mornay has come. So will the Bruce.
dialog: He'd better, the odds look long. And it's nasty ground; one
text: side of the field is ankle deep in water, and the English
text: are covering it with a layer of burning oil, releasing thick
text: smoke to hide their movements.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Stephen ready?
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: Aye.
text: The Priest from their home village is moving through the
text: Scottish ranks, dispensing absolution. He reaches the two
text: friends, who accept the Host, say their own last prayers,
text: and give each other a look of goodbye. Hamish rides off to
dialog: join the schiltrons.
text: LONGSHANKS AND HIS GENERALS
text: on the opposite side of the field, send their army forward.
scene_heading: WALLACE AND THE SCOTS
text: see them through the smoke; Wallace spots what he's looking
dialog: for: there they are, the ranks of crossbowmen!
text: And as they draw nearer, Wallace hears a haunting noise. He
text: sees the bowmen more clearly, and the English infantry. Some
text: are wearing kilts and marching to bagpipes.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Irish troops!
text: STEPHEN OF IRELAND, WITH THE SCOTTISH INFANTRY
text: He stares at the approach of his countrymen. Wallace appears
text: beside him. Stephen sees him, and is ashamed.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: So that's where Longshanks got his
text: soldiers. Irishmen, willing to kill
dialog: Scottish cousins for the English.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: Their families are starving, they'll
dialog: feed them however they can. If you
dialog: don't want to fight them --
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: No. I'll stand with you.
text: Loyal to the end. Wallace signals to Hamish and Campbell,
text: among the schiltrons. The formations, bristling with spears,
text: move forward. Hamish looks back at Wallace; both men know
text: the spearmen are the bait here. Wallace and Stephen see the
text: English heavy cavalry advancing.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: They can't be that stupid to attack
text: the schiltrons again.
text: Wallace is scanning the battlefield. He sees the English
text: cavalry charge, but before they reach the bristling spears,
text: they pull up, and crossbowmen, moving up behind the knights.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
text: It's only a faint to shield the
dialog: crossbows!
text: The crossbowmen fire a volley, too hurriedly. We see the
text: hailstorm of bolts slash through the air in unison -- you
text: can actually see them coming. The bows fall short of the
text: front ranks of the schiltrons.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Now! Give 'em the dogs!
text: Stephen signals, and up the slope behind them come handlers
dialog: with ten war dogs.
text: Huge mastiffs, they wear steel collars, with razor sharp
text: protrusions. Their handlers hold them at the end of long
text: catch poles. The crossbowmen are distracted from their
text: reloading by the appearance of the mastiffs; now, as the
text: Scottish handlers run toward the English ranks and unleash
text: the dogs, fear races through the English line.
text: The dogs tear into them. It is chaos; the bowmen can't flee,
text: and as the dogs mix among them, the bowmen fire frantically,
text: mostly hitting each other. The dogs' collars slash legs;
text: their jaws crush bones; even when their back legs are hacked
text: off, the frenzied dogs keep killing.
text: Wallace signals to Mornay with the Scottish cavalry. Mornay
text: does nothing. The crossbowmen, though taking great punishment,
text: are beginning to overwhelm the dogs by sheer numbers, and
text: are regrouping.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Now! Charge! Charge them!
text: Mornay tugs his reins and leads his cavalry away.
scene_heading: AT THE ENGLISH COMMAND
text: Longshanks and his officers see Mornay and his cavalry melt
text: away. The English general looks knowingly at Longshanks.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: Mornay?
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: For double his lands in Scotland,
dialog: and matching estates in England.
scene_heading: WALLACE, WITH STEPHEN
text: They see the Scottish army abandoned.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Betrayed!
text: Wallace glances to the other hilltop; still no sign of Bruce.
text: He looks on in agony as the crossbowmen unleash another
text: volley. The Scottish spearmen, bunched in a tight group, are
text: helpless. The bolts fall, cutting through their helmets and
text: breastplates like paper. Wallace has no cavalry -- and his
text: men are being slaughtered! He spurs his horse, and Stephen
text: and the infantrymen race behind him.
text: The English heavy cavalry surge to meet them, but Wallace
text: weaves through them, dodging with his horse, slashing with
text: the broadsword, cutting down on knight, another, another...
text: The Scottish infantry claws in, dragging down the horses,
text: hacking the knights as they run by.
text: The English bowmen are about to fire again, but they see the
text: Scottish charge bearing down on them and adjust their aim;
text: the bolts cut into the infantrymen; one bolt tears off the
text: armor of Wallace's left shoulder. He wobbles on his horse,
text: regains his balance, and keeps up the charge.
scene_heading: AT THE ENGLISH COMMAND
text: Longshanks and his generals are watching the action.
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: My God, and still they come!
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: Use the reinforcements! But take
dialog: Wallace alive!
text: The General signals and the English reinforcements surge
text: into the battle.
text: IN THE THICK OF THE BATTLE
text: On horseback, Wallace fights his way into the watery edge of
text: the field, where English infantry is now overrunning the
text: schiltron. He hacks men down left and right, reaches the
text: Scottish center, and finds Hamish bending over another
text: soldier. Wallace dismounts.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Hamish! Ham --
text: And Wallace sees that Hamish is holding his father, fallen
text: in battle. Wallace has no time to react; he cuts down and
text: English swordsman moving in to hack Hamish's back. Wallace
text: lifts Campbell across the saddle, and shouts at Hamish...
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Get him away!
text: Hamish obeys, jumping onto the horse and galloping back toward
text: the rear. Wallace fights with new vengeance, swinging the
text: double-edged broadsword with deadly accuracy.
text: Rallied by Wallace's presence, the Scots surge back. Then
text: Wallace sees the English reinforcement cavalry coming.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: A charge! Form up! Form up!
text: The Scots pull up spears and hastily form another schiltron.
text: The spears bristle out, ready... the English horsemen thunder
text: in. But before the spears impale the horses, another flight
text: of crossbow bolts cuts down half the Scots still fighting.
text: Hamish reaches the rear of the battle and lowers the limp
text: body of his father to the Scottish monks who are attending
text: to the wounded and giving absolution to the dying...
text: Still Wallace fights back, meeting the English charge. The
text: Scots hold their own. An English knight tries to ride over
text: William; he knocks the lance aside, and tough the horse slams
text: into him, William also unseats the rider.
text: The rider rolls to his feet. William struggles up to meet
text: him -- and comes face to face with Robert the Bruce.
text: The shock and recognition stun Wallace; in that moment,
text: looking at Robert the Bruce's guilt-ridden face, he
dialog: understands everything: the betrayal, the hopelessness of
text: Scotland. As he stands there frozen, a bolt punches into the
text: muscle of his neck, and Wallace doesn't react to it.
text: Bruce is horrified at the sight of Wallace this way. He
text: batters at Wallace's sword, as if its use would give him
dialog: absolution.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Fight me! Fight me!
text: But Wallace can only stagger back. Bruce's voice grows ragged
text: as he screams.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: FIGHT ME!
text: All around, the battle has decayed; the Scots are being
text: slaughtered. Another bolt glances off Wallace's helmet; a
text: third rips into his thigh plate, making his legs collapse.
text: Suddenly Stephen comes through the melee, on Robert's horse!
text: He hits Robert from behind, knocking him down, and jumps to
text: the ground to try and lift William onto the horse!
text: Robert sees a knot of crossbowmen moving up, sighting out
text: Wallace, taking careful aim! Bruce leaps up and helps Stephen
text: sling Wallace onto the back of the horse, even covers him
text: with his shield, deflecting another bolt fired at Wallace,
text: as Stephen mounts too.
text: As the horse plunges away into the smoke, Robert falls to
text: the water. His own troops reach him, realize who he is, see
text: the horrible expression on his face, and race on after the
dialog: Scots.
text: Robert is left alone, on his knees in the water, the fire
text: and noise of battle now dim to him, as if his senses have
text: died along with his heart.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
text: Looks over the battlefield, strewn with the bodies of the
text: Scottish dead. For now, he is satisfied.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - SUNSET
text: Remnants of the defeated army straggle past. Wallace and
text: Stephen are trying to help Hamish carry his father, but now
dialog: old Campbell says...
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Son... I want to die on the ground.
text: But as they tilt old Campbell onto the ground, he grabs at
text: something that starts to fall from the wound in his stomach.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: Whew. That'll clear your sinuses.
dialog: Goodbye, boys.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: No. You're going to live.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: I don't think I can do without one
dialog: of those... whatever it is...
text: Hamish is too grief-stricken to speak.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: You... were like my father...
text: Old Campbell rallies one more time for this.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: ...And glad to die, like him... So
dialog: you could be the men you are. All of
dialog: ya.
text: The last three words to Hamish, telling him he's a hero too.
speaker_heading: CAMPBELL
dialog: I'm a happy man.
text: Hamish is weeping. When he looks up again, his father has
text: died. We PULL BACK from them in tableaux, with the army, the
text: people of Scotland, the whole gray world in defeat.
scene_heading: INT. EDINBURGH CASTLE - DAY
text: Wallace, still bloody and in his battered armor, removes the
text: chain of office from beneath his breastplate, lays it onto
text: the table in front of Craig and the other nobles, and walks
text: from the room. Hamish and Stephen see the satisfaction on
text: the nobles' face, and follow William out.
scene_heading: INT. CASTLE CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Hamish and Stephen move out into the hallway after Wallace --
text: but he is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - NIGHT
text: Wallace is in the woods, in the grove of trees, looking at
text: Marion's hidden grave. The rain falls on his face, like tears.
text: But he has no tears of his own. The cold, the icy rain, the
text: wounds, nothing seems to touch him.
text: With his fingertips he carefully draws her embroidered cloth
text: from beneath his breastplate; hanging in his trembling hands,
text: filthy with the grime and gore of battle, it looks impossibly
text: white, something from a better, purer world.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PALACE IN LONDON - NIGHT
text: Thunder, the sound of driving rain. Snug by a massive fire
text: are Longshanks, his son Edward, and other advisors. On the
text: far side of the room, away from the fire, the Princess stands
text: at the window and watches the rain against the panes.
speaker_heading: ADVISOR
dialog: Their nobles have sworn allegiance,
dialog: M'lord. Every last one.
text: Longshanks savors the victory -- and gloats to his son.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: Now we kill two birds at one stroke.
dialog: We recruit from Scotland for our
dialog: armies in France.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: The Scots will fight for us?
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: What choice do they have? Now they
dialog: must serve us or starve.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: But if we have not caught Wallace --
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: (exploding)
dialog: He is gone! Finished! Dead! If he
dialog: has not yet bled to death or had his
dialog: throat cut for him, he will not
dialog: survive the winter. It is very cold --
dialog: is it not, our flower?
text: From the other side of the window, we see the Princess as
text: she hears him, but doesn't turn around. She looks at the
text: window, we snow swirling among the raindrops outside. Her
text: eyes glisten, and her breath fogs the glass.
scene_heading: INT. BRUCE'S DARKENED CHAMBER
text: The elder Bruce, his decaying features sagging from his face,
text: stares across the table at his son.
speaker_heading: LEPER
dialog: I am the one who is rotting. But I
dialog: think your face looks graver than
dialog: mine.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: He was so brave. With courage alone
dialog: he nearly won.
speaker_heading: LEPER
dialog: So more men were slaughtered
dialog: uselessly!
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: He broke because of me. I saw it. He
dialog: lost all will to fight.
speaker_heading: LEPER
dialog: We must have alliance with England
dialog: to prevail here. You achieved that!
dialog: You saved your family, increased
dialog: your lands! In time you will have
dialog: all the power in Scotland!... Yet
dialog: you grieve.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: In my heart I had begun to hope that
dialog: he would never break.
speaker_heading: LEPER
dialog: All men lose heart. All betray. It
dialog: is exactly why we must make the
dialog: choices we make.
scene_heading: INT. MORNAY'S CASTLE - NIGHT
text: Mornay, in an opulent bedchamber hung with tapestries and
text: carpeted with eastern rugs, lies in bed, tossing in the
text: restless sleep of a tortured soul.
text: He thinks he hears galloping. In SUBLIMINAL FLASHES he DREAMS
text: of Wallace riding toward him.
text: He wakes, and listens to a strange noise. It is hoofbeats!
text: Coming closer. He hears shouts too, screams from below --
text: and those strange, approaching hoofbeats...
scene_heading: WALLACE, ON HORSEBACK
text: rides up the circular stairs inside Mornay's castle! His
text: horse bounds up the stone -- Mornay's guards are behind him,
text: on foot, pursuing.
text: At a landing, Wallace cuts down a guard, and gallops higher.
scene_heading: IN HIS BED, MORNAY
text: sits up gawking as the door explodes inward and Wallace rides
text: through! Mornay is frozen. Wallace slashes him down.
text: Out in the corridor, the guards gather; they have Wallace
text: trapped. He covers the horse's eyes with a cloth and spurs
text: his flanks. The blind animal runs through the window!
scene_heading: EXT. CASTLE - NIGHT - SLOW MOTION
text: The horse and rider plunge past the sheer walls of the
dialog: castle... and into the loch! Mornay's guards and the castle
text: servants cluster at the windows to see Wallace and the horse
text: surface, and swim to the shore, escaping!
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTISH VILLAGE - DAY
text: The news has spread through the countryside. In the town
text: square, drunken Scotsmen chant...
speaker_heading: PEOPLE
dialog: Wal-lace! Wal-lace! Wal-lace!
text: Old Craig rides past them, heading toward the Bruce's castle
text: on the hill above the town.
scene_heading: INT. BRUCE CASTLE - DAY
text: Robert is in his central room; he hears the chanting from
text: far below. Old Craig enters.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Is it true about Mornay?
text: Craig hands him the bloody nightshirt Mornay was wearing.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: And he rode through the window? My
dialog: God.
text: He can't hide his admiration. From below, he still hears the
dialog: people CHANTING...
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON - GARDENS - DAY
text: Longshanks and Edward are in the royal gardens, resplendent
text: with spring. Longshanks pulls a new flower, and crushes it.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: His legend grows! It will be worse
dialog: than before!
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: You let Wallace escape your whole
dialog: army. You cannot blame me for this.
text: Longshanks glowers at his son; the Princess arrives.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: Good day to you, M'Lords.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: You mock us with a smile?
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: I am cheerful with a plan to soothe
dialog: your miseries. All of England shudders
text: with the news of renewed rebellion.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
text: Wallace's followers.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: Wallace himself. If you wish to
text: pretend a ghost rallies new volunteers
dialog: in every Scottish town, I leave you
dialog: to your hauntings. If you wish to
dialog: take him, I know a way.
text: Edward snickers in derision -- but his wife is steel.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: I have faced him. Have you?
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: Let her speak.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: He will fight you forever. But what
dialog: does he fight for? Freedom first,
dialog: and peace. So grant them.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: The little cow is insane --
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: Grant, as you do everything else,
text: with treachery. Offer him a truce to
dialog: discuss terms, and send me to my
dialog: castle at Locharmbie as your emissary.
dialog: He trusts me. Pick thirty of your
dialog: finest assassins for me to take along.
dialog: And I will set the meeting, and the
dialog: ambush.
speaker_heading: LONGSHANKS
dialog: You see, my delicate son? I have
dialog: picked you a Queen.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PRINCESS' SCOTTISH CASTLE - DAY
text: Locharmbie is a small, picturesque castle on a hillside. As
text: the queen's entourage moves through the gates, they close
text: behind her. She steps out of the carriage and moves into
scene_heading: INT. CASTLE - THE GREAT HALL - DAY
text: Inside the great hall are thirty killers, led by their CHIEF
text: ASSASSIN, a cutthroat with a mangled eye.
speaker_heading: CHIEF ASSASSIN
dialog: We came in small groups, so the rebels
dialog: would not suspect.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: And you have reached Wallace's men?
speaker_heading: CHIEF ASSASSIN
dialog: We tell the villagers, and the
dialog: traitors pass it on. All that's left
dialog: is for you to say where.
scene_heading: EXT. MARION'S GROVE - NIGHT
text: Wallace is in the grove of trees where Marion is buried.
text: Drinking in the silence, his own isolation. He hears a RUSTLE
text: behind him, and spins, drawing the broadsword. Then his face
text: registers... it's Hamish and Stephen.
dialog: Hamish is unsure if he did the right thing in coming here --
text: unsure, until Wallace moves to them, and hugs them.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NIGHT
text: They are in the old secret cave; rain is falling, but it's
text: dry inside, with a campfire smoldering at the entrance.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Thanks for the food and drink. And
dialog: for bringing 'em yourselves.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: We're here to stay. We don't care to
dialog: live, if we can't fight beside ya.
text: Stephen pulls a jug of whiskey from his pocket. He swigs,
text: hands it to Hamish for a chug, then to Wallace, who declines,
text: but smiles for the first time in many weeks.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: There is... one thing, William.
text: Longshanks is offering a truce. He
dialog: has dispatched his daughter-in-law
text: as his emissary, and she has sent
dialog: word that she wishes to meet you --
text: in a barn.
text: Wallace frowns; a barn?
scene_heading: EXT. A BARN IN THE SCOTTISH COUNTRYSIDE - DAY
text: Hauntingly similar to the one in Wallace's childhood. As he
text: sits on his horse and looks at the place, surmounted by a
text: white flag of truce, it gives him a chill. But in full view
text: of the barn, he hands Hamish his sword and rides forward.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE BARN
text: are the assassins, killing knives ready.
speaker_heading: CHIEF ASSASSIN
dialog: It's William Wallace, sure! And...
dialog: he's given up his sword! Be ready!
text: They position themselves at every entrance.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE BARN
text: Wallace reaches the barn, dismounts, and moves toward the
text: door. But suddenly, instead of entering, he grabs the heavy
text: bar and seals the door! At this motion, Scots spring from
text: the woods in all directions. The assassins inside realize
text: the ambush is being turned on them, but it's too late; they
text: hear the entrance being sealed from the outside.
text: More Scots, led by Stephen, scramble up from hiding, place
text: tinder-dry brush and pitch against the barn, and set it on
text: fire. In moments the entire barn is blazing. The Scots stand
text: back and watch the barn burn, their faces lit by the flames.
text: After awhile, there are no more screams from inside.
scene_heading: EXT. CASTLE - NIGHT
text: The Princess sees the burning off in the distance, like a
text: bonfire. She stands on the wall, looking out at it. And then
text: she sees, on a hillside, silhouetted against the night and
text: the fire, a rider, just sitting there on his horse, looking
text: at the castle. She runs into the castle, up the stairs, and
text: stands on the pinnacle of the castle, so that she too is
text: silhouetted, and he can see her.
text: The lone rider is William Wallace.
scene_heading: CLOSE - A CANDLE
text: being placed in a window of the stable cottage, built into
text: the outer wall of the castle. AT A DISTANCE, the candle burns
text: like a tiny beacon. And William sees it.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE STABLE COTTAGE, THE PRINCESS
text: sits alone, wondering if her signal is going to work.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE CASTLE
text: Wallace climbs the castle wall, hand over hand up the mortared
text: stones, to the window twenty feet above the ground.
text: He reaches the safety of the window cove and kneels on the
text: ledge. He looks through the window, and sees her inside.
text: INSIDE THE ROOM, she looks up, and sees him there. The first
text: glance frightens her, and yet she expected him, prayed for
text: him to come. Now, for a long, long moment the two of them
text: look at each other through the glass, each realizing the
dialog: implications of this moment.
text: She moves to the window and opens it. The wind rushing through
text: extinguishes the candle, and he slips inside. They face each
text: other in the darkness. Then she strikes a match and relights
text: the candle, and they look at each other.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
text: A meeting in a barn. It had to be a
dialog: trap. And only you would know I would
dialog: be aware of it.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: It does me good to see you.
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: I am much diminished since we met.
text: She wants to say something -- but instead she says something
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: There will be a new shipment of
dialog: supplies coming north next month.
dialog: Food and weapons. They will trav --
speaker_heading: WILLIAM
dialog: No. Stop. I didn't come here for
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: Then why did you come?
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Why did you?
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: Because of the way you're looking at
dialog: me now. The same way... as when we
dialog: met.
text: He turns his face away. Gently, she pulls it back.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: I know. You looked at me... and saw
dialog: her.
text: He twists back toward the window.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: You must forgive me what I feel. No
dialog: man has ever looked at me as you
dialog: did.
text: Surprised, he looks at her now.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: You have... you have a husband.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: I have taken vows. More than one.
dialog: I've vowed faithfulness to my husband,
dialog: and sworn to give him a son. And I
dialog: cannot keep both promises.
text: Slowly, it starts to dawn on him what she's asking, and an
text: unexpected smile plays at his lips. Her smile lights too.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: You understand. Consider, before you
dialog: laugh and say no. You will never own
dialog: a throne, though you deserve one.
dialog: But just as the sun will rise
dialog: tomorrow, some man will rule England.
dialog: And what if his veins ran not with
text: the blood of Longshanks, but with
dialog: that of a true king?
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: I cannot love you for the sake of
dialog: revenge.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: No. But can you love me for the sake
dialog: of all you loved and lost? Or simply
dialog: love me... because I love you?
text: Slowly, he reaches to the candle flame, and pinches it out.
text: IN THE SHADOWS OF THE COTTAGE BED
text: we see the surging, pent-up passion... and
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: THE LOVERS
text: Their bodies limp, they lie asleep, entwined. The first rays
text: of morning spread yellow light through the room and across
dialog: their faces.
text: Wallace wakes suddenly; sunlight! He grabs for his clothes,
text: as she wakes, covers herself in the blanket and jumps out of
text: bed, rushing to the window to look out.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: No one! Hurry!
text: He reaches her, throws the window open, and sees a clear
text: path down the wall to safety. He stops and looks at her, and
text: touches her face in gratitude. She has to ask...
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: When we... did you think of her?
text: Pausing to look straight into her eyes, he kisses her --
text: her, not Marion -- and climbs out. She watches him go.
scene_heading: EXT. GROVE OF TREES - NIGHT
text: Wallace stands alone in the grove where Marion lies.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
text: -- Wallace and fifty men gallop through a village on the way
text: to an English fortress; the villagers drop what they're doing
text: and run to follow them; we see Wallace's face, relentless,
text: as he hacks men down in the attack; with the fortress sacked
text: and smoking in the background, we see Wallace lead his men
text: away, the people cheering him...
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST ENCAMPMENT - NIGHT
text: Once again, Wallace stares at the fire, beside his friends.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: Rest, William.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: I rest.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: Your rest is making me exhausted.
text: Stephen offers the jug; Wallace declines.
speaker_heading: STEPHEN
dialog: Come, it'll help you sleep.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Aye. But it won't let me dream.
text: Pulling a tattered tartan around himself, he lies down.
scene_heading: LONGSHANKS, INT. HIS PALACE - NIGHT
text: He sits by a palace hearth, where a huge blaze burns; still
text: he's huddled beneath a blanket, and coughing blood. But he
text: ignores the ice in his lungs; his mind is plotting.
scene_heading: THE PRINCESS, EXT. THE WALLS OF HER CASTLE - NIGHT
text: she walks the parapets alone, lost in her own thoughts.
text: ROBERT THE BRUCE, IN A STONE ROOM OF HIS CASTLE
text: sits staring at... the stone coffin of his father. The coffin
text: is closed; on its top is a lifesize stone carving of his
text: father as a knight in final repose. Ranks of candles light
text: the scene, and Robert's face, cold as the stone. A SHUFFLE...
text: Robert looks up to see old Craig.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: May he rest in peace... You have
dialog: already sealed the coffin?
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: He was a modest man.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: It will not be long before Longshanks
text: too is encased in stone, and his
text: crowns divided for others to wear.
text: Craig sits next to Robert, and keeps his voice low.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Our nobles are frightened and
dialog: confused... Wallace has the commoners
text: stirred up again, from the Highland
dialog: clans to the lowland villages. In
dialog: another six months Christ and the
dialog: Apostles could not govern this
dialog: country.
text: Robert only stares at his father's stone coffin.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Longshanks knows his son will scarcely
dialog: be able to rule England, much less
dialog: half of France. He needs Scotland
dialog: settled, and he trusts you, after
dialog: Falkirk. If you pay him homage, he
dialog: will recognize you as king of
dialog: Scotland. Our nobles have agreed to
dialog: this as well.
text: He shows Robert a parchment bearing the noblest names in
text: Scotland. The Bruce barely glances at it.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: If I pay homage to another's throne,
dialog: then how am I a king?
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Homage is nothing. It is the crown
dialog: that matters!
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: The crown is that of Scotland. And
dialog: Scotland is William Wallace.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: That is another matter. There is a
dialog: price to all this, required both by
dialog: Longshanks and our nobles. Pay it,
dialog: and you will be our king. And we
dialog: will have peace.
text: Robert turns from his father's coffin, to look at Craig.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST ENCAMPMENT - NIGHT
text: A commotion; the nobles, their heads hooded, are led in on
text: horseback by guerrillas from the village. The nobles stop,
text: feel their hoods pulled off, and see Wallace.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Sir William. We come to seek a
dialog: meeting.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: You've all sworn to Longshanks.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: An oath to a liar is no oath at all.
dialog: An oath to a patriot is a vow indeed.
dialog: Every man of us is ready to swear
dialog: loyalty to you.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: So let the council swear publicly.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: We cannot. Some scarcely believe you
dialog: are alive. Other think you'll pay
dialog: them Mornay's wages. We bid you to
dialog: Edinburgh. Meet us at the city gates,
dialog: two days from now, at sunset. Pledge
dialog: us your pardon and we will unite
dialog: behind you. Scotland will be one.
text: Wallace glances at Hamish and Stephen, who can barely hide
text: their contempt. Wallace looks at the nobles.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: I will meet you, but only one way --
dialog: if Robert the Bruce is there, and
text: puts his hand on my Bible, and swears
dialog: his loyalty to Scotland.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: He has already agreed to come.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - NIGHT
text: Wallace stands alone, looking at the moon and stars. Hamish
text: moves up and sits down beside him.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: You know it's a trap.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Probably. But we can't win alone. We
dialog: know that. This is the only way.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: I don't want to be a martyr.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Nor I! I want to live! I want a home
dialog: and children and peace. I've asked
dialog: god for those things. But He's brought
dialog: me this sword. And if He wills that
dialog: I must lay it down to have what He
dialog: wants for my country, then I'll do
dialog: that too.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: That's just a dream, William!
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: We've lived a dream together. A dream
dialog: of freedom!
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: Your dreams aren't about freedom!
dialog: They're about Marion! You have to be
dialog: a hero, because you think she sees
dialog: you! Is that it?
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: My dreams of Marion are gone. I killed
dialog: them myself. If I knew I could live
text: with her on the other side of death,
dialog: I'd welcome it.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD INTO EDINBURGH - SUNSET
text: William, Hamish, and Stephen are on their horses, looking
text: down at the road leading into the city. Wallace hands his
text: dagger to Stephen, and unbuckles his broadsword and gives it
dialog: to Hamish.
speaker_heading: HAMISH
dialog: Keep these. We're going too.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: No. One of us is enough.
text: Wallace hugs them, first Stephen, then Hamish. Tears roll
text: down Hamish's cheeks. With one last look at his friends,
text: Wallace rides away.
scene_heading: EXT. LARGE ESTATE HOUSE - SUNSET
text: The house looks quiet as Wallace rides toward it.
scene_heading: INT. ESTATE HOUSE - DAY
text: Robert the Bruce and Craig stand at the hearth, tense.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: He won't come.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: He will. I know he will.
text: They hear the approach of a single horse. The Bruce looks
text: out to see Wallace arriving.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Here. And unarmed. My God, he has a
dialog: brave heart.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE HOUSE
text: Wallace dismounts and enters.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE
text: Wallace appears at the doorway into the main room, and stops.
text: Bruce faces him. The eyes of BOTH MEN meet, saying everything.
text: Wallace steps into the room. He sees something flicker onto
text: Bruce's face -- shame -- just as henchmen in the rafters
text: drop a weighted net and it envelopes Wallace.
text: English soldiers spring from the closets, run down the stairs,
text: and tumble over him, ripping at his clothes, searching as if
text: broadswords might spring from his boots.
text: They bind Wallace hand and foot. He stares at Robert the
text: Bruce, who averts his eyes. The soldiers hurry Wallace out
text: the back, where others are bringing up horses. Robert grabs
text: the English Captain of the soldiers.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: He is not to be harmed. I have your
dialog: king's absolute promise that he will
dialog: be imprisoned only!
text: The Captain looks at Bruce the way the High Priest must have
text: looked at Judas, and leaves.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Now we will have peace.
text: Robert the Bruce spots something on the floor that must have
text: fallen from Wallace's clothes as they grabbed him; Bruce
text: lifts the white handkerchief, and sees the familiar thistle
text: embroidered on it.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NORTHERN ENGLAND - DAY
text: A procession of heavily armed English soldiers winds its way
text: toward London, Wallace strapped to an unsaddled horse, his
text: head bare to the sun. Country people come out to jeer...
speaker_heading: PEOPLE
dialog: Don't look so fearsome, does he?!
text: A thrown rock careens off Wallace's check; rotten fruit slaps
text: his shirt. His lips are so parched they bleed.
scene_heading: INT. ROYAL PALACE - LONGSHANKS' BEDROOM - DAY
text: Edward inspects his father, who lies semiconscious in bed,
text: breath rattling ominously in his chest. Edward approves.
scene_heading: INT. THE PALACE HALLWAY - DAY
text: The Princess hurries up to her husband as he leaves the king's
text: bedroom, and follows him down the hall to his own.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: Is it true? Wallace is captured?
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Simply because he eluded your trap,
dialog: do you think he is more than a man?
dialog: My father is dying. Perhaps you should
dialog: think of our coronation.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: When will his trial be?
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Wallace's? For treason there is no
dialog: trial. Tomorrow he will be charged,
dialog: then executed.
text: With a faint smile, he shuts his bedroom door in her face.
scene_heading: INT. ROBERT THE BRUCE'S CASTLE - DAY
text: The Bruce is incredulous, yelling at Craig.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Longshanks promised!
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: You are surprised he would lie?
dialog: Balliol was murdered in a church
dialog: yesterday. You are Longshanks' new
dialog: designate. You will be king.
scene_heading: INT. TOWER DUNGEON
text: Wallace stands in medieval restraints worthy of Hannibal
text: Lecter. Before him are six scarlet-robed royal magistrates.
scene_heading: ROYAL MAGISTRATE
dialog: William Wallace! You stand in taint
dialog: of high treason.
text: We PUSH IN on the iron mask that binds his face. We can only
text: see his eyes -- but they are bright.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Treason. Against whom?
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: Against thy king, thou vile fool!
dialog: Hast thou anything to say?
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Never, in my whole life, did I swear
dialog: allegiance to your king --
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: It matters not, he is thy king!
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: -- while many who serve him have
dialog: taken and broken his oath many times.
dialog: I cannot commit treason, if I have
dialog: never been his subject!
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: Confess, and you may receive a quick
dialog: death. Deny, and you must be purified
dialog: by pain. Do you confess? ...DO YOU
speaker_heading: CONFESS?!
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: I do not confess.
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: Then on the morrow, thou shalt receive
dialog: they purification... And in the end,
dialog: I promise you'll beg for the axe.
scene_heading: EXT. ESTABLISHING - THE TOWER
text: The stone prison, and the wretched stone section known to
dialog: this day as the Wallace Tower.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON - NIGHT
text: Wallace is alone in his cell, still in the garish restraints.
text: We can only see his eyes, as he prays.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: I am so afraid... Give me strength.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE CELL DOOR
text: The jailers jump to their feet as the Princess enters.
speaker_heading: JAILER
dialog: Your Highness!
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: I will see the prisoner.
speaker_heading: JAILER
dialog: We've orders from the king --
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: The king will be dead in a month!
dialog: And his son is a weakling! Who do
dialog: you think will rule this kingdom?
dialog: Now OPEN THIS DOOR!
text: The jailer obeys. The Princess can barely contain her shock
text: at the sight of Wallace; the jailers snatch him upright.
speaker_heading: JAILER
dialog: On your feet, you filth!
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: Stop! Leave me!
dialog: (they hesitate)
dialog: There is no way out of this hell!
dialog: Leave me with him!
text: Reluctantly the jailers shuffle out of the cell, but they
text: can still see her back and hear her. Looking at Wallace's
text: eyes through the mask, she can't quite hold back her tears --
text: dangerous tears, that threaten to say too much. Wallace tries
text: to distract her.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: M'lady... what kindness of you to
dialog: visit a stranger.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: Sir, I... come to beg you to confess
dialog: all, and swear allegiance to the
dialog: king, that he might show you mercy.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Will he show mercy to my country?
dialog: Will he take back his soldiers, and
dialog: let us rule ourselves?
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: Mercy... is to die quickly. Perhaps
dialog: even live in the Tower. In time, who
dialog: knows what can happen, if you can
dialog: only live.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: If I swear to him, then everything I
dialog: am is dead already.
text: She wants to plead, she wants to scream. She can't stop the
text: tears. And the jailers are watching.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Your people are lucky to have a
dialog: princess so kind that she can grieve
text: at the death of a stranger.
text: She almost goes too far now, pulling closer to him -- but
text: she doesn't care. She whispers, pleading...
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: You will die! It will be awful!
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: Every man dies. Not every man really
dialog: lives.
text: She pulls out a hidden vial, and whispers...
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: Drink this! It will dull your pain.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: It will numb my wits, and I must
dialog: have them all. If I'm senseless, or
dialog: if I wail, then Longshanks will have
dialog: broken me.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: I can't bear the thought of your
dialog: torture. Take it!
text: On the verge of hysteria, she presses the vial to the air
text: hole at his mouth and pours in the drug. The jailers, seeing
text: suspicious movement, shift inside the cell; she backs up,
text: her eyes wide, full of love and goodbye. From inside the
text: mask, he watches her go. When the door CLANGS shut, he spits
text: the purple drug out through the mouth hole.
scene_heading: INT. LONGSHANKS' BEDCHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Longshanks lies helpless, his body racked with consumption.
text: Edward sits against the wall, watching him die, glee in his
text: eyes. The Princess enters, and marches to the bedside.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: I have come to beg for the life of
dialog: William Wallace.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: You fancy him.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: I respect him. At worst he was a
dialog: worthy enemy. Show mercy... Oh thou
dialog: great king... and win the respect of
dialog: your own people.
text: Longshanks shakes his head.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: Even now, you are incapable of mercy?
text: The king can't speak. But hatred still glows in his eyes.
text: The princess looks at her husband.
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: Nor you. To you that word is as
dialog: unfamiliar as love.
speaker_heading: EDWARD
dialog: Before he lost his powers of speech,
dialog: he told me his one comfort was that
dialog: he would live to know Wallace was
dialog: dead.
text: She leans down and grabs the dying king by the hair. The
text: guards flanking the door start forward but the Princess's
text: eyes flare at them with more fire than even Longshanks once
text: showed -- and the guards back off. She leans down and hisses
text: to Longshanks, so softly that even Edward can't hear...
speaker_heading: PRINCESS
dialog: You see? Death comes to us all. And
dialog: it comes to William Wallace. But
dialog: before death comes to you, know this:
dialog: your blood dies with you. A child
dialog: who is not of your line grows in my
dialog: belly. Your son will not sit long on
dialog: the throne. I swear it.
text: She lets go of the old king. He sags like an empty sack back
text: onto his satin pillows. Without even a look at her husband
text: she strides out of the room, with the rattling breath of the
text: dying king rasping the air like a saw.
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON TOWN SQUARE - EXECUTION DAY
text: The crowd is festive; hawkers sell roast chickens, and beer
text: from barrels. Royal horsemen arrive, dragging Wallace strapped
text: to a wooden litter. As they cut him loose and lead him through
text: the crowd, the people begin to jeer and throw things at him:
text: chicken bones, rocks, empty tankards.
text: We see a former English soldier, one of those who fled in
text: terror at the battle of Stirling, lift a stone from the street
text: and hurl it; it cracks against Wallace's cheek.
text: Wallace's eyes capture the soldier, and hold him, piercing
text: his soul. The soldier looks away in shame, even as the rest
text: of the crowd jeers more.
text: Grim magistrates prod Wallace and he climbs the execution
text: platform. On the platform are a noose, a dissection table
text: with knives in plain view, and a chopping block with an
text: enormous axe. Wallace sees it all.
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: We will use it all before this is
dialog: over. Or fall to your knees now,
dialog: declare yourself the king's loyal
dialog: subject, and beg his mercy, and you
dialog: shall have it.
text: He emphasizes "mercy" by pointing to the axe. Wallace is
text: pale, and trebles -- but he shakes his head. The CROWD grows
text: noisier as they put the noose around Wallace's neck...
speaker_heading: WE INTERCUT:
text: -- THE PRINCESS, in helpless agony, hearing the DISTANT NOISE
dialog: from her room in the palace...
text: -- Hamish and Stephen, disguised as peasants among the crowd,
text: helpless too, but there, as if to shoulder some of the pain.
text: -- Longshanks, rattling, coughing blood, as Edward watches.
text: -- Robert the Bruce paces along the walls of his castle in
text: Scotland. His eyes are haunted; he grips the embroidered
dialog: handkerchief that belonged to Wallace.
scene_heading: ON THE EXECUTION STAND
text: a trio of burly hooded executioners cinch a rope around
text: Wallace's neck and hoist him up a pole.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: That's it! Stretch him!
text: In the SCORE, AMAZING GRACE, wailed on bagpipes, carries
text: through all that happens now... Ties hand and foot, Wallace
text: is strangling. The Magistrate watches coldly; even when the
text: executioner gives him a look that says they're about to go
text: too far, he prolongs the moment; then the Magistrate nods
text: and the executioner cuts the rope. Wallace slams to the
text: platform; the Magistrate leans to him.
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: Pleasant, yes? Rise to your knees,
dialog: kiss the royal emblem on my cloak,
dialog: and you will feel no more.
text: With great effort, Wallace rises to his knees. The Magistrate
text: assumes a formal posture and offers the cloak.
text: Wallace struggles all the way to his feet.
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: Very well then. Rack him.
text: The executioners slam Wallace onto his back on the table,
text: spread his arms and legs, and tie each to a crank. Goaded by
text: the crowd, they pull the ropes taut. They crowd grows quiet
text: enough to hear the groaning of Wallace's limbs. Hamish and
text: Stephen feel it in their own bodies.
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: Wonderful, isn't it, that a man
text: remains conscious through such pain.
dialog: Enough?
text: Wallace shakes his head. The executioners cut off his clothes,
text: take hot irons from a fire box. The crowd grows silent; we
text: see them, not Wallace, as the irons are touched to his body,
text: but we hear the burning of flesh. Then the Magistrate signals;
text: Wallace wants to say something.
speaker_heading: WALLACE
dialog: That... will... clear your sinuses.
text: Everyone hears; Hamish smiles, even through his tears.
text: Rebuffed, the Magistrate nods to the executioners, who lift
text: the terrible instruments of dissection.
dialog: We are spared seeing the cutting: we are ON WALLACE'S FACE
text: as the disembowelment begins. The Magistrate leans in beside
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: It can all end. Right now! Bliss.
dialog: Peace. Just say it. Cry out. "Mercy!"
dialog: Yes?... Yes?
text: The crowd can't hear the magistrate but they know the
text: procedure, and they goad Wallace, chanting...
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Mer-cy! Mer-cy! Mer-cy!
text: Wallace's eyes roll to the magistrate, who signals QUIET!
speaker_heading: MAGISTRATE
dialog: (booming)
dialog: The prisoner wishes to say a word!
text: SILENCE. Hamish and Stephen weep, whisper, pray...
scene_heading: HAMISH AND STEPHEN
dialog: Mercy, William... Say Mercy...
text: Wallace's eyes flutter, and clear. He fights through the
text: pain, struggles for one last deep breath, and screams...
speaker_heading: WALLACE
scene_heading: FREEEEE-DOMMMMMM!
text: The shout RINGS through the town. Hamish hears it. The
text: Princess hears it, at her open window, and touches her tummy,
text: just showing the first signs of her pregnancy. Longshanks
text: and his son seem to hear; the cry STILL ECHOES as if the
dialog: wind could carry it through the ends of Scotland; and Robert
text: the Bruce, on the walls of his castle, looks up sharply, as
dialog: if he has heard...
scene_heading: IN THE LONDON SQUARE
dialog: the crowd has never seen courage like this; even English
text: strangers begin to weep. The angry, defeated magistrate gives
text: a signal. They cut the ropes, drag Wallace over and put his
text: head on the block. The executioner lifts his huge axe -- and
text: Wallace looks toward the crowd.
scene_heading: THE CROWD, WALLACE'S POV
text: He sees Hamish, eyes brimming, face glowing...
scene_heading: SLOW MOTION - THE AXE
text: begins to drop.
speaker_heading: WALLACE'S POV
text: In the last half-moment of his life, when he has already
text: stepped into the world beyond this one, he glimpses someone
text: standing at Hamish's shoulder. She is beautiful, smiling,
text: serene.
dialog: She is Marion.
scene_heading: CUT TO BLACK:
scene_heading: ROBERT THE BRUCE
text: His face has changed. He is standing AT THE OPEN GRAVE WHERE
text: MARION LAY, the headstone carved with the thistle still there.
text: He holds the handkerchief. As he tucks it into his own pocket,
text: and we MOVE IN on his eyes, we realize the VOICE OVER belongs
dialog: to him.
speaker_heading: ROBERT (V.O.)
text: After the beheading, William Wallace's
text: body was torn to pieces. His head
text: was set on London bridge, where
text: passerby were invited to jeer at the
dialog: man who had caused so much fear in
dialog: England.
dialog: (beat)
text: His arms and legs were sent to the
text: four corners of Britain as warning.
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTISH TOWNS - VARIOUS SHOTS - DAY
text: We see the people, as the remains of William Wallace are
text: displayed in a box. The faces of the young men are fiery.
speaker_heading: ROBERT (V.O.)
dialog: It did not have the effect that
dialog: Longshanks planned.
text: More young men put on tartans, take up their weapons, and
text: gather into fighting units. Among them is Hamish, carrying a
text: shield emblazoned with a cocked arm holding a broadsword,
dialog: and the words "For Freedom."
scene_heading: EXT. SCOTTISH HIGHLANDS - DAY
text: Robert the Bruce, flanked by the noblemen and the banners of
text: the Scottish throne, and backed by a ragtag army of Scots,
text: sits on his horse and looks down at the English generals in
text: their martial finery. The English are haughty, victorious,
text: at the head of their colorful, polished army, awaiting the
text: ceremony of submission from Scotland's new king.
speaker_heading: ROBERT (V.O.)
dialog: And I, Robert the Bruce, backed by a
dialog: body of Scottish veterans, rode out
dialog: to pay homage to the armies of the
dialog: English king, and accept his
dialog: endorsement of my crown.
scene_heading: FROM BELOW, ON THE OPEN PLAIN - DAY
text: The Scots -- the remains of William Wallace's army -- look
text: so ragged and defeated that it hardly seems worth the wait.
text: One ENGLISH COMMANDER turns and jokes with another...
speaker_heading: ENGLISH COMMANDER
dialog: I hope you washed your ass this mornin --
dialog: it's never been kissed by a king
dialog: before.
text: UP ON THE HILL, Robert the Bruce sits on his horse, and waits.
text: He looks down at the English generals, at their banners,
text: their army. He looks down the ranks at his own.
text: He sees Hamish. Stephen. Old MacClannough is there, his eyes
text: watery, his weapon sharp. The Scottish bride Lord Bottoms
text: took is there, among the ragtag archers, her husband beside
text: her. Robert knows none of them -- yet he knows them all.
text: Old Craig, among the other Scottish nobles mounted beside
text: the Bruce, grows impatient.
speaker_heading: CRAIG
dialog: Come, let's get it over with.
text: But Robert holds something -- uncurling his fist, he looks
text: at the thistle handkerchief that belonged to Wallace. The
text: nobles start to rein their horses toward the English.
speaker_heading: ROBERT
dialog: Stop.
text: Robert the Bruce tucks the handkerchief safely behind his
text: breastplate, and turns to the Highlanders who line the hilltop
text: with him. He takes a long breath, and shouts --
scene_heading: ROBERT THE BRUCE
dialog: You have bled with Wallace! Now bleed
dialog: with me!
text: Bruce's broadsword slides from its scabbard. A cry rises
text: from Highlanders, as from a tomb, rising --
speaker_heading: SCOTS
dialog: Wal-lace! Wal-lace! Wal-lace!
text: The chant builds to a frenzy; it shakes the earth. The
dialog: Scottish nobles can scarcely believe it; the English are
text: shocked even more. Robert the Bruce, king of Scotland, spurs
text: his horse into full gallop toward the English, and the
text: Highlanders hurl their bodies down the hill, ready to run
text: through hell itself. In SLOW MOTION we see their faces...
text: And OVER THIS, we hear the voice of William Wallace...
speaker_heading: WALLACE'S VOICE
dialog: In the year of our Lord 1314, patriots
dialog: of Scotland, starving and outnumbered,
dialog: charged the fields of Bannockburn.
dialog: They fought like warrior poets. They
dialog: fought like Scotsmen. And won their
dialog: freedom. Forever.
text: On Wallace's army behind Robert the Bruce, charging down the
text: hill to victory and glory, we slow to FREEZE FRAME and hear
text: their chant, huge, echoing...
speaker_heading: SCOTS
dialog: Wal-lace! Wal-lace! Wal-lace!
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
