speaker_heading: SF &s13h
scene_heading: ERESRPAST AT TISFANy's
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: ER2. PIFTS AVES0= - (Dan)
text: Trere is a magic about Fite Avenue at his hovm. An
text: emptiness, A auiet. A monens of limbo as the street
text: lamps fade in the face of the purple omrush of daw,
dialog: Presently, on this morning in ea>it Septerd 7, & lone
text: waxi-cad speeds up the Avenue. It slows Gown briefly as
text: it passes the international Building with iss Mant gine
text: line windows, then picks up speed again and continues
text: on to the corner of S7th Street where i+ culls to the
dialog: com> and stops,
scene_heading: EAT. FIPTe AVETUE AND ST TE steme7 . (DaWI)
dialog: — SS te
text: The cad door opens end a Girl gets out. She wears a
text: backless evening dregs anc. Carries, in addition to her
text: purse, a brown taper bag. The ANGLE OF TES CAMERA is
text: such that we see only her slin, straishs back. She pays
text: the driver and the cab pulls away. As she stands there,
text: alone on the enoty sidewelx, the strees le=ps gc ons.
text: She notices this and waves a small geocmich: tc the
dialog: lamp om the corner, From her paper baz she takes 2
text: container of coffee end.a siecs cf darish pastrr. The
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS EER as she moves from the curb toward
dialog: che imposing store, om the commer, Now we can see shat
text: it is Tiffany's. As the irl sips her coffee anc
text: mumches vastrr, superimpose the words: EREAAPAST At
text: TIFFANT'S and begin main Sitles. Under the titles she
text: CAMERA STAIS ON THE GTSt as she, still munchine and
text: swallowing, gazes with deep absorption ints Tiffany's
text: windows. Although we ssili see her only from the dack
dialog: we catch am cecesional giimse of her “ace reflected
text: among the jewels in the slass. She takes her ‘time and
text: she CAMERA TRUCIS UITE SE= as she moves slowl> from
text: window to window. Finally, her breazsass Pinished, she
text: replaces the empty coffee container in she ses emumles
text: ic ané tosses is with great accrrasy into a trash can.
dialog: <t is growing lishter,” 4 few Day People ars beginning
text: Ss appear, Ther case cetous Siances as sh girl in her
text: backless evening dress, She ignores then, Eer euptous
dialog: Titual mow success#ally completed, she sekes 2 peir of
dialog: Stmglasses frem her surse, PUSS them on and ther moras
dialog: off, 2 sitory cirt walling fast ard s+
dialog: ie
dialog: merch
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: eines? amneetoe
dialog: P2ighvy ercesins
dialog: era
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXE. SIDE STESET, EAst Zorg . (DAWN)
speaker_heading: mS AST 50'S
text: A tree-lined residential Dlock of converted brownstones
text: between Lexington and Thind,. The girl (MOVING TOWARD
text: TEE CAMERA for the first time) walks oriskly up the
text: block im her low cut evening dress. We get a lock at
text: her now for the first tine. For all her chic .
text: ‘hinness she has an almost Drealktastecereal aim of
text: Realth. Her mouth is large, her nose upturmed. Zer
dialog: Stm=glasses blot ont hex eyes. She could be anywhere
text: from sixteen to thirty. As it hasvens she is two
dialog: Months short of nineteen. Fer name (as we will soon
dialog: Giscover) is HOLLY GoLIcemy.
scene_heading: EXT. SROWNSTONE - (Daw)
text: Eolly avproaches she Brownstone. Parked in front of
text: it_is a large, black, chaufleur-driven Cadiliac,
text: Folly notices it and quickens her pace, up the steps
text: and into the vestibule of the building. As she does
text: So the reer door of ‘she Cadillac opens and 2 sentleman,
text: MR. SID ARSUCE, Smerges. =e is short, vast, Sun-lamped
text: and pomaded, a man in a buttressed Pinestripe suit
text: with a red carnation wilting in its lapel. Mr. Azbuck,
dialog: moving as rapidly as it is possible for biz to move,
text: follows her up she steps. .
scene_heading: 2Y2. VESIISULE - (Daum)
text: Zolly fumbles in her purse for her key tut cemnot fine
text: it. Mr. arbuck comes lurching intp the vestibule
text: - behind her.
dialog: &
speaker_heading: MR. ARSUCE
dialog: Hey, beby, whetts going on here?
text: Bolly, unable fo find her kez, reaches cewn and
text: Presses a Sutton at rendom.
scene_heading: INSE2T - CARD SLO"S
dialog: — eet
dialog: Taere are spaces for four cards, "Tonloshi";
dialog: "Spanella": "Miss Eells Golightly - Treveling” ene
text: the fourth is blank. Eollr's finser hovers iadecisivel>
text: for a moment -- then selects "Zuntoshi™ and presses
dialog: che dell hard,
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. 22. Woyressrs secsro asa
dialog: 
dialog: (Consimned
dialog: is
dialog: 5.
scene_heading: BREAXFAST AT TIFFamvis 3.
dialog: 
dialog: (Cont'd)
text: Mr, Yuntoshi, the photographer-tenant, is asleep on
text: a day-bed, The barsh sound of the bugzer slassg hin
text: awake, Eis irate head comes out from under the
text: covers, Ee blinks in a dazed fashion fer a moment
text: then murmurs in a soft, anguished voice:
scene_heading: MR. YUNICSEL
dialog: Miss Golightiy...not arcein.,.please!
dialog: 
text: Ee pulls the covers back over his head,
scene_heading: Dim. VESTISULE - (DAW!)
text: Holly, waiting for the answering buzzer that will
text: Telease the lock, is dealing with Mr, Azbuck who is
text: more o> less nuzzling her neck,
speaker_heading: ARBUCK
dialog: What happened to you anyway? You
dialog: take off for the powder room and
dialog: that's the last I see you...
speaker_heading: FOLLY
dialog: Now really, Earry...
speaker_heading: ARSUCE
dialog: EZarry was the other guy. I'm Sie.
dialog: Sid Arbuck, You like me, .Remember?
text: Eolly reaches down and presses the button again.
scene_heading: SND. MR. YUNIOSEI'S SPABTMENT = (DAWN)
text: The buzzer rings again. And again. With a deep
text: oriental sish, Mr. Yunioshi drags himself? out of
text: ded, goes to the door, presses the release button,
text: opens his door and leans ous into -
dialog: 
speaker_heading: » STAZEWELL - (DAWN)
text: Mr, Yunioshi looks angrily downward.
speaker_heading: UR. TUNIOsE:
dialog: Miss Golightir! I must srotest!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 3. (Comtta)
speaker_heading: ( BOLL’
dialog: Calling to Mx.
dialog: Yunioshi)
dialog: Oh, darlings, I am sorry! I lost
dialog: my key!
scene_heading: 10. INT. MR, YUNIOSEI (Zorryrs ANGLES) - (Dawn)
scene_heading: ee RO TEYS ANGLE)
speaker_heading: MR. YUNIOSEI
dialog: That was two weeks ago! You
dialog: cannot go on ringing my bell.
dialog: You must please, zisase have
dialog: yourself a key made:
scene_heading: il. ‘EM. E0LLY Mountrye SZE2S - (DAWN)
dialog: ~ :
text: Mr. Arbuck, butfing and purfing, is right behing her,
speaker_heading: BOLIY
dialog: It won't do any good. I just tose
dialog: them all... ,
scene_heading: MR. YUNIOSEI'S voice (o.s.)
dialog: Iwork. I have to sleep. But you are
dialog: always ‘ringing my bell...
text: Mr, Yunioshi's door Slams angrily. EZolly has |
text: reached her own door, She Sends down and takes her i
text: doorkey frem under the mat. Mr. Arbuck joins her,
speaker_heading: MR. ARBUCE a
dialog: Now come on, baby, you like me, ~ . !
dialog: You know you do.
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: I worship you, Mr, Arbuck, But
dialog: go0cnight, Mo, Arouck.
speaker_heading: MR. ARBUCE
dialog: Bey now, daby, what is this? You i
dialog: dike me. Itma liked guy. j
text: By this time Eolly has opened she deor, skil1¢n22.
text: movee through it, and now closes it in his fac
text: Mo, Arbuck is oOusraged. Ee bellows with trust
text: anc pounds on the door.
dialog: a
dialog: Se.
dialog: +
dialog: Te.
dialog: re
dialog: oa
speaker_heading: MR. ARBUCE
dialog: baby! You imow ros de:
dialog: k up the check For five
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 3022-66 (Comsinued)
dialog: 12.
dialog: ir
dialog: 
dialog: (Sont'd)
speaker_heading: nm
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MR. ARTUCK (Cont'd)
dialog: people? Your friends? I never seen
dialog: them before, and when you ask me for
dialog: a little change for the powder room,
dialog: what do I give you? A fifty dollar
dialog: bail! :
dialog: 
scene_heading: ME. YUNIOSEZ'S DOOR - (DAWN)
text: Eis door opens once more and Mr, Yuniosni, now
text: really angry, sticks his head out again.
speaker_heading: Tyr, EOnLyY's DOOR - (DAWi)
speaker_heading: ME, YUNIOSEL
dialog: In thirty.seconds I am calling
dialog: the police
text: Mr, Arouck gives up and ansrily plunges down the
text: stairs, He slams the vestibule door. Holly's coor
dialog: opens
text: and she sticks her head out,
speaker_heading: MR. YUNIOSEI
dialog: Tae vice squad!
speaker_heading: EOLLY ,
dialog: On, don't be angry, you dear little
dialog: man. T won't do at again. and if
dialog: you promise not to be angry... I
dialog: might just les you take those pictures
dialog: we mentioned...
scene_heading: - MR. YINTOSET (ZOLLY'S ANGEE) - (DAMN)
dialog: ae
dialog: expression changes,
scene_heading: ° MR. YUNTOSHI
dialog: When?
scene_heading: INT. ECLLY -(DAW)
speaker_heading: ROLLY
dialog: (Vaguely)
dialog: Some sime.
speaker_heading: - {DANI}
dialog: i Maneteueds
dialog: ,oocmoonuec,
dialog: is
dialog: 8.
dialog: 
dialog: 16. (Cont'd)
dialog: 17.
dialog: 18.
dialog: 1S.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: MR. YUNIOSEZ
dialog: (Sadly)
dialog: Any sime.
text: Ee sighs onee more anc closes his door.
speaker_heading: HOLL
dialog: (Closing her door)
dialog: Good night...
scene_heading: INT. EOLLY'S LIVENG ROOM = (DAWN)
text: The living room of a swoeroom apartment. Docrs to
text: Edtechenette and bedroom. The living room has a
dialog: 'tcamping cut! look, Suitcases anc packing cases
text: are the only furnishings. There is 2 lamp on ons
text: case, Gin and vermoush on mother. A record player
text: amd a stack of records om the floor, A weil of empty
dialog: book shelves.
dialog: 
text: Holly locks the door and turms inso the room. A
text: large red cat comes up and rubs against her legs.
text: She bends down to stroke him. ‘
speaker_heading: . HOLLY
dialog: Belle, Cat, Thanks for waiting up.
dialog: She goes acréss the room into =
speaker_heading: INT, EQTCEENETTE - (DAWN)
text: And opens the refrigerator and peers in.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT, DSTO THE REFRIGERATOR (SCLIY'S POV)
dialog: Is contains: 4 container of milk, a dovtle of champagne,
text: some penicillin nose erops anc a pair of ballet
text: Slippers.
scene_heading: INT. ELTCESNETIS = (DAWN)
text: Bolly takes out the ballet slippers, tries briefly
dialog: to remember why they were put there, S Up, shrugs
text: and puts them back. Then she cakes ouv the container
text: of milk and pours some into a dish which she puts cx
dialog: the floer ef she -
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: él.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: YING ROOM - (DAWN)
speaker_heading: EOLLZ
dialog: (To Cat)
dialog: Breakfast?
text: The cat meows.
speaker_heading: ZOLLZ
dialog: Okay. Come and gst it.
text: The cat crosses to the milk. Hesitates. Looks up
dialog: and meows agein,
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: That's okay. Go ahead. I've had
dialog: mine. Really...
text: The cat begins to lan up the milk, Holly yawns,
text: and starts for the bedroom, unzipping the zipper
text: that runs most cf the way down the back of her cress
text: as she does so. The dress dross to she floor anc
text: the camera pans with it. She leaves the dress where
dialog: it falls.
speaker_heading: BOLLE
dialog: Well, gooénight...
text: She goes off to the bedroom. The cat finishes the
text: milk, yawns, erosses to the dress. on she flcor. It
text: leeks soft and inviting. He eurls up in it end
text: prepares to sleep.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
speaker_heading: EXT, BROWNSTONE - (DAZ)
text: Tt is now about ten in the morning. A sab pulls up
text: in front of the house end a yowig man, Peul Varjak,
text: gets out. He is about twenty-eight, dark, tough,
text: sensitive and handsome. Eis clothes are rumpled
text: and his tis is loosened He is about twenty minutes
dialog: away from being badiy in need of a shave. Ee looks,
dialog: in fast, like e Fowsg max wae has passed the last ven
dialog: hours or so sitting up om an airplane. Fis luggese
text: consists of an Olivetti portatle typewriter, a card-
text: toard carten sisd with string and a single, mich
dialog: treveled suitcase, 411 these items are still
text: ticketed with airline sags. The driver gets out
dialog: co give Rima hand w
dialog: tee Bis gost
dialog: aon BS Svull.
dialog: 
dialog: (Comtinued)}
dialog: is
dialog: 22.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: o
scene_heading: BREAKFAST AT SE
dialog: i
dialog: (Cont'd)
text: Tae driver looks e+ him somewhat nervously.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Koestler's ‘Arrival and Deparsure.!
dialog: ye first sentence, You can tell a
text: Lot about a man by his first sentence.
text: Stately, plump Suck Mulligan',..
dialog: Robert Cohn was once middle-weizh?
dialog: boxing champion of Princetont...'Call
dialog: me Ishmeel'...that kind of thing.
dialog: You know?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: You drank or somethings?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No. Just pretentious. And mayde
text: a ldttle bit scared.
text: The ariver looks at him somewhat nervously.
speaker_heading: . DRIVER
dialog: That's four dollars on the clock
dialog: and a quarter fer the tricze...
text: Peul finds his wallet, opens it and takes out bis
text: bankroll: a five dollar bill. After a briel ceremory
text: of farewell he hands it to the driver.
speaker_heading: PATL
dialog: Thatis okay. Zeep it, Now we're
text: starting from absolute scratch.
dialog: Which is good in a way. Kind of
dialog: gives the whole thing a jazzy,
dialog: romantic quality.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: It's not bad enough, a city full
dialog: of muts already...but also we get
dialog: new omes...fiying in every day...
dialog: a whole eair-lift of nuts...
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Paul laughs, picks up his stuff and starts up the
text: steps of the brownstons.
speaker_heading: INT, VESTIBULE = (SAT)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Paul pute down his sour, takes 2 key ouv of bis
text: pocket, It.is sagged 34. Ee looxs over :
dialog: nd card slots.
dialog: 
dialog: 25.
dialog: 26.
dialog: 27.
dialog: 28.
dialog: 29.
dialog: 
scene_heading: BREARPAST AT TIFFANY'S 9e
scene_heading: CLOSE SECT - CARD SLOTS
text: CAMERA PANS DOWN: *Yunioshi,' a blank, 'viss Zolly
text: Golightly! with the word: 'Travelling' engraved in
dialog: the corner, 'Spaneila't.
scene_heading: INT. VESTIBULE + (DAY)
text: Es is amused ty Miss Golightly's card, Re takes oud
text: a piece of paper and a pencil, writas somet ing,
text: Sears it to the correct size, then inserts it into
text: the empty slot.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - CARD SLOTS
text: Bis slot now rsads: PAUL VARJAK and in the commer
dialog: the word 'Arrived'.
speaker_heading: INT, VESTIBULE - (DAY)
dialog: S¢4ll grinning he tries kis key in tha door, It
text: does not fis. Ammoyed,he tries the door. It is
text: locked. Hs hesitates for a moment...decides so Ting
text: ons of the other bells...glamces at bis watcheee
text: decises ists not too early...vhen presses Holly's
dialog: ail. : . ‘ :
scene_heading: INT. HOLLY'S LIVING ROOM - (DAZ)
text: Begin on close shot of the cat esleep in Holly's
text: falian evening areas. The buzzer sounds. The cat's
text: nead peps up. Pan to open bedroom door anc move
dialog: into - .
scene_heading: cuT, HOLLY'!S DARZENED SEDROOM
text: The blinds hears been drewn against the eaylight.
dialog: The bedroom (or whet we can sse oF 43) is unfurnishec
dialog: in the seme manner as tha living room except for an
text: elaborate double bed. The duzzer sounds ea second
text: time and Holly's heaé eriszses from the sea of tillows.
text: She has om a sie*p mask anc sar plugs. Ste mumbles
text: an unintellisitle srotast and sinks tack, The buzzer
dialog: eS Raluctamsiy she sits up anc
dialog: She sighs amc a bare a=
dialog: der the ted. The
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: goer
dialog: arm as it z2s arotmd wider
dialog: é 43 2 jumgie cl shoes, wmdere
dialog: tales of clothing. The am
speaker_heading: oL
dialog: 2.
dialog: 30.
dialog: 31.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: $e2Z-60
scene_heading: SREARFAST AT TIFPANZ'S 10.
dialog: (Cont'd)
text: finally settles on somevhing that ‘urns cut to be a
text: man's dress shirt. The dress shirt is pulled up anc
text: out of the picscure.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: Holly struggles into the dress shirt, havis herselz-
text: out of bad and makes her way into -
scene_heading: INT, HOLLY'S LIVING ROOM - (DAY)
text: She crosses tha room, kicking the evening cvess out
dialog: of sight in the general interests of neatness. She
text: hes the clicker and opems the door anc peers
text: Sleepily out.
speaker_heading: INT, EALLWAY = (DAT)
text: SHOOTING over Holly's shoulder we can see Paul coming
text: up the stairs, He appears to be speaking but bis
text: lips move silently. Golly strains to hear what he is
text: ‘saying. It +s not umtii he reaches her door shat she
text: catches on and removas her ear plugs. His voice cuts
text: in sharply in midesentence as she does so,
speaker_heading: PAUL .
text: eeomoving into Apartment 3A, but
dialog: they only sant me the upstairs
dialog: key so I couldn't get the down-
dialog: stairs docr cpen. I hope ft
dialog: Qien's wake you...
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Quite all right...Could haspen
dialog: to amyone...very frequently does
dialog: eseWall, goodricht...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Look, I hats to...
text: But Holly has replaced the ear plugs cutting his voice
text: off sharply ence again. Eis lips continue to move,
text: She notices and reluctantly takes the plugs out agein.
speaker_heading: BOLLE
dialog: Waat?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I said = hate to bother you, but
dialog: <I wonder if I could ask ome mere
dialog: (Continned)
dialog: 32.
dialog: 5-22-60
scene_heading: SREARPAST Am TIFFANE'S : il.
dialog: *
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: PAUL (Cont'd)
dialog: favor..eif I could just use
dialog: your phonGee.
text: Holly, now wide awake, sighs.
speaker_heading: FOLLY
dialog: Sure. Wry DOVece
text: She epens the cocr and motions him in, He enters,
text: Leaving nis luggage in the ball.
scene_heading: mt, EOLLZ'S LIVING ROOM - (Dar)
text: Paul comes in followed by Holly. He is, ous oF a
text: certain embarrassment, making conversation with more
dialog: charm and brightness than is absolutely necessary.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Thank you,..Well, nice Little
dialog: place you have he--...
dialog: He gets a load of the Inies Litsle placa! anc bis
dialog: pemark more cr less peters out. -
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: wecth, 728..-Well...cou just
dialog: moving in, too? .
speaker_heading: EOLLT
dialog: No. I've been here about e year.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: On.
text: They both look around at the shambles for a=
dialog: uncomfortable moment.
speaker_heading: HOLL
dialog: The phone's right over there.
text: They both look at she spot she has indicated. The
dialog: phone is not right over there.
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: Well, 2 was...0E, 2S. I remember
dialog: weed Souck 22 in She suitcase...it
text: jeind of miffles the soundes.
dialog: =
dialog: 
dialog: we
scene_heading: SREARPAST Ag TIFFANZ'S LL.
dialog: 
dialog: (Cont?d)
text: which she removes and kands him almost triumphantly.
text: Ee starts for it and en route trips over the cat.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Sorry! Dién's see him there...
dialog: Is be. all right?
speaker_heading: HOLL
dialog: Sure..,Sure he is...Zou're okay,
dialog: aren't you, Cat? Poor old Cat...
dialog: {She picks kim up)
dialog: Poor slob. Foor slob without a
dialog: neams, The way I look at it, I
dialog: have no right to give sim one,
text: Paul listens to this with growing fascination.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: I mean, be 12 faust have to wait
dialog: tL e belomes to somebody. We
dialog: don't belong vo each other. We
dialog: just tock up ty she river one day.
dialog: He's an inderendent and sc am i...
dialog: (Indicating room)
dialog: I don't evenwant to own anything
dialog: until I've found a place where me
dialog: and things go together. I'm not
dialog: sure where that is. Sut I ikmow
dialog: what it's like. It's like Tiffarcy's...
speaker_heading: Path
dialog: (Amused)
dialog: You mean the jewelsy store?
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: That's right. I'm crazy ebout
dialog: Tifttany's...Listen, eu imow
dialog: those days when you've got the
dialog: mean reds?
speaker_heading: PAuL
dialog: The mean reds? You mean like the
dialog: blues?
speaker_heading: BOLIT
dialog: No, The dines ave because you're
dialog: getting fat or maybe it's been
dialog: Paining too long, You're sac, shat's
dialog: all, Sut the mean reds are norrisie.
dialog: Sudéenly you're afmatd, but you con't
dialog: (Comsinued }
dialog: 5-22-30
dialog: 
dialog: 13.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: HOLLY (Cons'd)
dialog: low what you're afraid of, Excspt
dialog: that something bad is going to bappen,
dialog: only you don't kmow what it is. You
dialog: ever get thet feeling?
speaker_heading: PauL
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Well, when I ges it, the only thing
dialog: shat does amy gooé is to jump ina
text: cad and go to Tiffany's. Tb calms
dialog: me down wight away, The quietness
dialog: ang the proud look of it. Nothing
dialog: very bad could happen to you thers.
dialog: Not with those Icind men in their
dialog: nice suits, and that lovely smell
dialog: of silver and alligator wallets...
text: She suddenly becomes aware that she bas been rambling
speaker_heading: HOLLY (Cont'd)
dialog: I'm sorry. You wanted something. -
dialog: what was it? Oh, yes. The phone...
text: She hands {t to bim, He takes it ang, starts to cial.
speaker_heading: PAUL .
dialog: It's just that someone was supposed
dialog: . So meet me here,..this is ten o'clock
dialog: a. ¢
dialog: Thursday morning, isn't it? I just
dialog: fell off a plane frem Rome anc...
speaker_heading: . HOLLZ
dialog: (An anguished squeal)
dialog: Thursday: Is this Taursce7?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I think so.ee
speaker_heading: ZOLLT
dialog: Thursday: Ob, mo, 4% can’ be!
dialog: Tits coc gruesome !
text: She Gashes wildly into the bedroom. Ze locks a=ser
dialog: her in some astonishment, Then, before ¢
dialog: She matter, someone av the other end ct the prong
dialog: answers. °
dialog: 
dialog: he ¢an puosus
dialog: 4
dialog: 3h.
dialog: 35.
dialog: 6-22-66
scene_heading: BREAKFAST AT TIPPANT'S
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Good morning.
dialog: at home? Ob.
dialog: Thank you. Wo,
dialog: Is Mes, Fabnstock
dialog: She kas? TI see,
dialog: No message.
text: Be hangs up the phone. He stands holding it for a
text: moment, looking for someplace to put it. He finally
text: puts it back in the suitease, As he does so, he cails
dialog: Anto the bedroom:
speaker_heading: Path
dialog: Bey, what's so gruesome about
dialog: Thursday?
scene_heading: INT. BATEROOM = (DAY)
text: SE CAMERA IS SEOOTING OVER Holly's bare shoulders,
text: into the mirror as she frantically brushes her teeth.
speaker_heading: : BOLIY
dialog: (Thx the tooth-
dialog: paste :
dialog: Nothing! It's just that I can
dialog: never remember when it's coming
dialog: up..-Wednescay | nights I generally
dialog: just don't go to hed at all...
dialog: . because I have to be up to catch
dialog: the ten-forty-five. They're so
dialog: particular about the visiting hours!
speaker_heading: INT, BEDROOM - (DAY)
text: Paul stands in the docrway. He stares, somewhat
text: bewildered, as Eolly appears in the bathroom door,
text: vaguely holding a bath towel in front of her.
speaker_heading: EOLLZ
dialog: Would you be a darling and look
dialog: under the bed and see if you can
dialog: find a pair of alligator shoes?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Sure...
text: Somewnat bewildered, but game, he crosses to the bed
dialog: and imeels dewn.
dialog: 
dialog: © something abeut
dialog: sae, way 3, 29 Z mean & ae a
dialog: 
dialog: + (Continued)
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: Ge22-60
text: ‘EREARTAST AT TIFFINY'S 15.
dialog: (Cont'd)
text: Paul, down on his hands and lmees, reacts rathe>
text: violently to the words: Sing Sins.
speaker_heading: PauL
dialog: Sing Sing?
text: Holly dashes out cf the bathroom, fetchingly attired
text: in a halfeslip which is pulled up to the arm-pits.
speaker_heading: HOLIT
dialog: That's right, Ail the visitors
dialog: make .an effort 70 look their best.
dialog: It's only fatr...3rown alligator...
text: She is now Tummaging through still another unpacked
dialog: suitcase,
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: And if you come across a black
text: brassiere with a broken strap and
dialog: a safety pin, I can use that too...
dialog: Actually, it's very touching the
dialog: way all the women wear their
dialog: prettiest things.
text: Paul has found the black brassiere with the safety
text: pin and the broken strap. Somewhat astonished to find
dialog: himself drafted into service as a ladies! maid, ae
dialog: nevertheless presents it...,albeit « trifle timidl:
speaker_heading: .PATL
dialog: As I understand this - what
dialog: we're doing is getting rou ready
dialog: to visit somebody s* Sing Sins?
text: we her back to him, she pulis she half-slip cown to
text: +s normal position and hooks herself into the brassiere.
speaker_heading: . SOLIT
dialog: That's right. And mow the shoes...
text: She is repidly eccing ner face in a mirror that si$s on
text: & packing case. Faul returns to beneath the bec in
dialog: search of the shoes.
dialog: She selects d {Barish pair cf earrings anc tries them
text: on. She ssudtes the effect in the mirror.
speaker_heading: ECLIE
dialog: You can always cell what kind ef
dialog: a perscn a man really thinks yeu
dialog: are ty she “kind cf earrings he
dialog: gives you.
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: i
dialog: 35
dialog: $-22-60
scene_heading: EREAKPAST aT TIFFANY 'S 3é
dialog: (Cont'd)
text: She studies her reflection, grimaces, and takes off
dialog: the earrings.
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: Iomst say, the mind reels...
dialog: garter-belt, gerter-belt, garter-
dialog: belt, garterrbelt...
text: She has risen and is looking wildly around.
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: I think maybe it's hanging in the
dialog: bathroom...would you mind...
text: Paul, hypnotized, sets off in search of the missing
text: item. A moment later he reappears with it and hands
dialog: it to ber.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: May one ask whom?
speaker_heading: HOLTZ
dialog: Whom what? Oh, who I go to
dialog: visit, you mean?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I guess that's wheat I mean.
speaker_heading: . ' HOLLY :
dialog: I don't knew if I should even discuss
dialog: it... but...well they never told me
dialog: not to tell anyone...only you've got
dialog: to cross your heart and kiss your elbow...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: T'll try.
speaker_heading: HOLL
dialog: (Pulling on stockings)
dialog: You probably read about him. Eis
dialog: name is Sally Tomatc.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: The gansster?
speaker_heading: - HOLLY
dialog: They never proved it - the only
dialog: thing they could ever prove was thet
dialog: he cheated on his income tax a litvle
dialog: «..anywey, all I know is, he's a
dialog: éarling cid man. Ob, he was never
dialog: my lever cr amyching like that. Is
dialog: fact I never imew until after ne
dialog: was in prison. Burt I adore bin now.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: (Contimied)
dialog: id
dialog: 5-22-60
speaker_heading: BREAZFAST At
dialog: 
text: ANY'S : 17.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: HOLZY (Cont'd)
dialog: I mean I've been going to see him
dialog: every Thursday for seven months. Now
dialog: To think I'c go even if he didn't pay
dialog: me...what about the shoes?
dialog: o PAUL we :
dialog: I eould only find one...He pays you?
text: By this time they are both down on their bands and
text: knees, searching under the bed for the missing shoe,
speaker_heading: FOLLY
dialog: That's right. Or anyway his lawyer
dialog: does. If he ig a lawyer, which I
text: doubt since he doesn't seem to have
text: an office, just an answering service
dialog: and he always wants you to meet hin
dialog: at Eamburger Heaven.
dialog: (Pinding she shoe}
dialog: seethare you are, you snesk!
text: During she following, Holly finds a scart, which she
text: puts over her head to avoid gesting make-up on the
text: @rass which Paul assists her into, via the over-the-
dialog: head route.
text: . HOLLY .
dialog: Anyway, about seven months ago this
dialog: so-called lawyer - Mr. O'Shaughnessy =
dialog: sent me this telegram asking me <0
dialog: meet him at Eemburger Eeaven. Then
dialog: he asked me how I'd like to cheer up
text: a lonely old man apd pick up a hundred
dialog: a week at. the same cime. I told him:
dialog: Leok, carling, you've gst the wrong
dialog: Eolly Golightly. I wasn't impressed
dialog: by the honorarium either. You can
dialog: do as well as that on trips to the
dialog: powder room. Any gent with the
dialog: slightest chic will give you &
dialog: fisty dollar bill for the girl's
dialog: jonn...
text: She is into the dress by now and is piling things into
text: a purse as Paul zippers up the back of her dress.
speaker_heading: FOLLY
dialog: And I always ask for cabfare, too.
dialog: That's ancther fifty. But then he
dialog: sts
dialog: said his client was Sally Terato.
dialog: Ee said dear cle Sally hac seen me
dialog: (Contimzed)
dialog: 35.
dialog: $-22-60
scene_heading: BREAKFAST AT TIFFANT'S 1g.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: HOLLY (Cont'd)
dialog: at Elmer's or somewhere and had
dialog: admired me a la distance so wouldn't?
dialog: it be a good Geed i: 1 went to visit
dialog: him once a week. Well, I couldn't
dialog: say no. it was too romantic...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It doeen't seem like shey'd let
dialog: just anyone visit e prisoner.
speaker_heading: EOLLT
dialog: Oh, they don't. In fact, they make
dialog: quite a boring fuss, I'm supposed
dialog: to be bis miece. Eow do I look?
text: The dressing operation is now complete, Astonishingly
text: enough, out. of the terrible shambles, Holly has emerged
text: looking neat, chic and altogether immaculate.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Very good. I must say, I'm
text: amazed. Awed, actually.
speaker_heading: HOLLY :
dialog: - You were a darling to help.
dialog: I could never have done it
dialog: without you... ~
dialog: Pau
dialog: It was @ pleasuve, really.
dialog: Call on me any time. I'm
dialog: right upstairs. Or I will be
dialog: as goon as I get moved in.
text: By this time they have moved through the living room
dialog: and out into -
speaker_heading: EXT, ZALLWAY - (DAY)
text: Bolly £s locking the door behind her, We still get
text: the semse of her being on the dead run. She starts
text: down the stairs, Paul, intrigued by what he has
text: heard, follows.
speaker_heading: PAuL
dialog: Vou mean for an Acur's conver-
dialog: sation he sives you a bundcreé
dialog: éollars?
dialog: §
dialog: raed)
dialog: n
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: (Sons
scene_heading: uz SREAXPAST AT TIFFANZ!S 19.
dialog: 36. (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: HOLLY
text: Well, Ur. O'Shaughnessy ¢coes.
dialog: As soon as I meet bim and give
dialog: him the weather report.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It's none of my business, but
dialog: 45 sounds to me like you could
dialog: get inte a lot of trouble.
dialog: They have now reached -
scene_heading: 37. INT. VESTIBULE - (DAY)
speaker_heading: : ROLLY
dialog: Bow?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well, there must be some law
dialog: about false identity. I mean
dialog: you're really not his niece...
dialog: And what do you mean, weather
dialog: report? :
text: Holly bas opened her mail box, inspected the mail and
text: put it all back, and closed the box again.
speaker_heading: ROLLY
dialog: Nothing but bills. Ob, that's
dialog: just a message I give ur, at
dialog: Shaughnessy so he'll imow I've
dialog: peally been up there. Sally
dialog: telis me things to sey like...
dialog: Ob...There's a hurricane in
dialog: Cuba...It's cloucy in Palermo...
dialog: things like that. You den't have
dialog: to worry. I've taken care of
dialog: mysell for a long tine...
dialog: They move cut to the -
scene_heading: 38. EXT. SROWNSTONE - (Daz)
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Taxi! Oh, taxi!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 4 cab goes by but it alreacy bas a passenger. =
text: puts two fingers in < mouth and whistles. Amovnrer
dialog: cab goes dy.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: $-22-6C ( Consinued)
dialog: ee
dialog: 38.
dialog: 5-22-60
scene_heading: BREAXPAST AT TIFFANT'S . 20.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I've always wanted to te able
dialog: to do that...Hey, taxi!
text: Now a cab appears. It pulls up in front of the trown-
text: stone. A lady gets out. She is Emily Eustis (Mes.
dialog: Willtam) Fabastock. 'ZS!' (promounced, I guess, 'Tcohey')
text: as she is affectionately imown to the readers of Chelly
text: Enickesrbocker's column. She is an extremely attractive
text: woman in her early forties. She looks rich, sexy and
text: gomewhat spoiled. She carries a large, ugly, expensive
text: Victorian lamp and several rells of wallpaper.
dialog: a
dialog: (ALL in one breath as
text: she gets out of the cab)
dialog: Paul! I'm late! I know it! Oh,
dialog: don's tell me you were Locked
dialog: out? Didn't you get the key?
dialog: Oh, darling, I'm so sorry... -
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I got 1% all right. My neighbor,
dialog: Miss Golightly, was kind enough
dialog: to let me in...
dialog: (Nervously making
dialog: - conversation } .
dialog: Miss Goligetly is am her way to
dialog: Sing Sing. Just visiting, of course.
text: The two ladies eye each other, taking rapid stock in
text: the terrifying way that ladies do. Paul, feeling ‘hat
dialog: something more really cugst to te said, goes on. :
speaker_heading: . PAUL
dialog: Miss Golightly, I'd like rou to
dialog: meet Mrs. Fabnstock...
dialog: (Be hesitates again,
dialog: seeking the correct
dialog: deseriptive phrase}
dialog: vo MY ee ecoratarece
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (Her eyebrows going up
dialog: ever so slightly)
dialog: Bow do you does.
dialog: Zz
dialog: Eow do you ds...
dialog: (Then, to Paul)
dialog: Darling, let me look at you..
dialog: Wes the flish+ absolutely gha:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: we
dialog: ct
dialog: ray
dialog: ot
dialog: ey
dialog: 38.
dialog: 3.
dialog: ”
dialog: py
dialog: f
dialog: 
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: PAUL (Cont'd)
dialog: Is it really only three weeks
dialog: since I left yeu in Rome? it
dialog: seems like years... :
text: Rolly, through all this, incicates the cab.
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: Are you through with...I mean may
dialog: I take...I am in ea terrible rush...
text: As she is unable to break through the sound barrier
text: erected by Mrs. Fahnstock, she finally shougs, gets
dialog: the cab and saysi
speaker_heading: ROLLY (Cont'd)
dialog: Grand Central please. -And step on it.
text: She slams the door and the cab pulls away.
dialog: Zz
dialog: (Oblivious of her
dialog: departure)
dialog: Have you seen the apartment?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Not vets...
dialog: z
dialog: I mow it-was wicked of me, but I
dialog: couldn't resist. I went ahead and
dialog: fixed it up without you. I think it's
dialog: darling, of course, Eut if you abso-
dialog: lutely hate it, we cam rip everyching
dialog: out and just start frem seratch...
text: By this time she has leaded him with the lamp and the
text: Tolls of wallpaper and is leading him trivmphastly up
dialog: the steps.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S APARTMENT - (DAY)
text: Paul and 2 enter together, Faul staggering slightly
text: under his luggage, the lamp amc the wallpaper.
dialog: =
dialog: Close your eyes, darling! Wow...
dialog: now...you can open them...wWell...
dialog: isn's 28 just something!
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 39.
dialog: $=22-6C
text: BREARPAST AT TIFFANY'S © 22.
dialog: (Cont 'd)
text: Paul opens his eyes, puts down his stuff and looks
dialog: around, It is, like the lady said, just something!
text: Tb is the top floor studio apartment - one large rocr
text: with studio windows on one side. It is wildly decor~
text: ated in what can best be described as Early Expensive.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well...
dialog: az :
dialog: Oh, darling, you do hate it! I can tell...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No...2 think it's...great...1%
text: just takes a second to get used
dialog: to, that's all.
dialog: z
dialog: (indicating)
dialog: The lamp goes right over there...
dialog: And I haven't settled on the
dialog: paper for the bathroom yet. But
dialog: aside from that it's all done...
dialog: well, wnat do you think?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (Softly)
dialog: WowWee .
dialog: z i:
dialog: Now... before anything else... want .
dialog: us to get you all unpacked...I can't
text: stand the sight of suitcases in a room...
dialog: They're so sad and going-away looking...
text: She goes to his suitcase and opens it.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That's okay...I'll do it later.
dialog: z .
dialog: No... let me, please..-I love doing
dialog: + things for youec.
text: From the suitcase she takes its contents, two shirts,
text: two pairs of shorts, a pair of socks em a necktie...
text: She goes to the cleset cocr ané opens it. Tt is an
text: enermous step-in style closet, complete with encush
dialog: bufltein tacks, ¢rawers, tie Tacks, shoe Tacks, sist
dialog: holders etc., to service the entire sixth Sloor at
text: Brocks Brothers. She quickly suts eway Paul's frugal
dialog: belongings. They Look extremely sac ig the vast
dialog: cleses, espe¢ialiy the single necktie dangling Sram che
text: encrmous tie rack, They both contemplate che situaticn
dialog: = +
dialog: for a moment. (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: mb BRSARFAST AT TIFFANY'S 23.
dialog: 3¢. ° (Cont'd)
dialog: Part
dialog: (He's trying)
dialog: It certainly is a nics roomy closet...
dialog: a
dialog: Wetli need the space, darling. Your
dialog: suits will go hers, shoes along here
dialog: eSports jackets here...and these
dialog: erawers are all for sweaters. Tf love
dialog: the way cashmere feels on & mamsee
text: The umpacicing is now completed, She picks up the
text: suitcases and puts it on a shelt,
dialog: 25 .
dialog: 4nd now we can get rid of this
dialog: awfnl thing... ,
text: She closes the door to the closet.
dialog: za
dialog: Much better - no? And you didn't
dialog: even notice your desk,.,it's an
dialog: escritoine actually...it once belonged
dialog: oltaire.,.I think..,om maybe it
dialog: was Anatole France...and Look, I've .
dialog: got it all arranged for yousscS8b ee,
dialog: You've got reams of peper...and yellow
dialog: pads, legal size and reguler,..and
dialog: paper clips and rubber bends...,and I've
dialog: got your pencils all sharpened...
text: She picks up his typewriter, puts it on the desk and
text: takes off its lid, Sbe takes a sheet of paper and
dialog: puts 1% im the machine,
dialog: Voila!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Iz a man is going to starva ina
dialog: garret and write the creat American
dialog: movel this is sure the way to do it...
dialog: za
dialog: And you're not angry because I went
dialog: ahead and 42d 1% all without you?
speaker_heading: $022 250 (Contismmed)
speaker_heading: mb
dialog: 39.
dialog: 3-22-50
scene_heading: BREATPAST A? TIFPANT'S 2h,
dialog: (Combta)
dialog: a
dialog: (Har tone changes)
dialog: Now listen, darlings, we're just
dialog: not going to have any of that et
dialog: all...The whole thing is very simple.
dialog: Youtre a writer...2 think you can be
dialog: & great one...Woy shouldn't I help
dialog: you? I have a busband who invests in
dialog: oil wells...r have friends who inves’
dialog: in,..I_don't know,,,the stock market
dialog: or real estate. So why shouldn't I be
dialog: allowed to invest in what I believe in?
speaker_heading: PavL
dialog: Which is?
speaker_heading: 2E
dialog: Talent, darling, Talent. You have
dialog: talent and I'm going to see that you
dialog: don't waste it or spoil it or fritter |
dialog: it away, I couldn't bear the idea of
dialog: you... -prostituting yourself,.,sitving
dialog: in a little cage in Hollywood.. writing
dialog: movies that would make us both erings
dialog: when we saw them later... Let me be
dialog: your Hollywood, Paul,..your own personal,
dialog: sender, loving Hollywood...
dialog: .
dialog: PAL. ‘
dialog: And what do you get out of it?
dialog: 2
dialog: Satisfaction, darling, Just satis-
dialog: faction, And mavbe the feelins of
dialog: pride, when the book is finsliy done,
dialog: of seeing the dedication page that
dialog: says: ‘For 22, Without Whom...'
text: Doring this, she has very gently begun to unbutton
dialog: Bis shirt.
speaker_heading: PACL
dialog: 4nd that‘ts 211?
dialog: 2
dialog: Well, almost...
text: She Graws him to her and Itsses him. When they break
text: zee Rares gentiy pushes bim away from he> and toward
dialog: the bed,
dialog: oz
dialog: 40.
dialog: 4i.
dialog: 42.
text: SREARTAST AT TIFFANE'S . 2s.
dialog: 
scene_heading: CLOSE SEOT - 2= (PAUL'S ANGLE) - (DAY)
dialog: 2
dialog: It's not so dad, ts it? Really?
speaker_heading: PAUL (0.8.) : ‘
dialog: I suppose there are tougher weys
dialog: of earning « living...
dialog: 25
dialog: (softly)
dialog: You bet there are, darling. You
dialog: just bet there are...
text: She begins to unbutton her blouse.
dialog: Zz
dialog: Paul...
speaker_heading: PAUL (0.S.)
dialog: Yes? .
dialog: 2
dialog: I wish we had a picture of you...
dialog: just the way you are right now...
dialog: If we put Lt on the book jacket,
dialog: we'd sell a million copies...
scene_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: EXD. STREET - (NIGET)
text: it is very late. The ‘nearby houses on the blo
dialog: ck are
text: dark and quiet, In our brownstone, however, lights
text: blaze in Holly's apartment am the silence of she
text: might is shattered by the rocking, blasting sound
text: of music from her record player. A light upstairs
text: goes on suddenly.
scene_heading: INT, MR. YUNTOSAI'S DOOR ~ (NIGHT
text: The sound of the blaring music fills the corridor.
text: Mr. ¥. opens his door and bellows in an angry voice.
dialog: we. YoNTos=
dialog: Miss Golightly! Once again I
dialog: must protest! If you co net ‘his
dialog: minute turn off that pnonograps
dialog: I will telephone so che police!
dialog: 
text: Prem delow comes the sound of a cresn. Buc the susic
text: stops, ir. UY. triumphantly closes bis decor.
text: Pea BREAZFAST AT TIFFANT'S . 2s,
scene_heading: 435. EXT. FOLLY'S FIRE ESCAPE -° (NIGHT)
text: Te camera is shooting through the window inte Holly's
text: bathroom. There is the sound of another crash. The
text: bathroom door opens and Eolly enters, wearing an
text: evening dress. She quickly locks the door behind her.
text: Tere is still another crash, She shrugs, sighs a
text: little - she is, however, more amused than alarmed,
text: then opens the window and climbs out onto the fire
text: escape, closing the window behind her. The camera
text: follows her as she climbs the fire escape, mounting te -
scene_heading: 44. EXT, PAUL'S FIRE ESCAPES - (NIGET)
text: Holly peers into the window.
scene_heading: 45. “INT, PAUL'S APARTMENT - (BOLLY'S POV) - (NIGHT)
text: Paul is asleep on the bed. In the single light from
text: the bed lamp we can see that he ts smiling benignly
text: in his sleep. .
scene_heading: 46. EXT. HOLLY CN FIRE ESCAPE - (NIGET)
text: Her features take on the same benign smile. She starts
text: to open the window mhd enter. Then she sees something
text: that stops her.
scene_heading: 47, INT, PAUL'S APARTMENT - (BOLLY'S POV) - (NIGET}
text: 2B, dressed for the street, is coming out of she’
text: bathroom. She moves about the room, straientening
text: up. Emptying ashtrays enc clearing away glasses.
scene_heading: 48, SXT. HOLLY ON FERE ESCAPE - (NIGET)
text: Eolly, rasigned, seats herself on the five escape,
text: bugging her bare shoulders for warmth. Ske settles
dialog: in to wait.
scene_heading: 49. INT. PAUL'S APARTMENT - (NIGET)
text: @E, her domestic chores finished, goes to the ded and
text: lovingly pulls she covers tp groums the sieeping Paul.
dialog: She kisses Riz very gently. Be does mot ivaker.. She
text: starts to go - then - almost as a2 afserthous=s - opens
dialog: her nurse anc¢ taxes ovt chree hundred co
text: Zollar bills wkich she places on the éesk. She Kisses
text: Paul once more and tiptoes o=t, closing the <oor
text: softly pebinc her.
dialog: 6-22-80 . (Sontinueé)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: id
dialog: 50.°
dialog: Sl.
scene_heading: EREAZFAST AT TIPPANY'S 27.
scene_heading: EXT, HOLLY ON TES FORE ESCAPE - (NIGET)
text: Now the coast is clear. Holly raps om the window.
text: Paul does not stir. She raps agein louder, This
text: time his eyes open.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S APARTMENT - (NIGET)
text: Aware of the rapping at the window, Paul sits up.
text: Eolly opens the window and enters.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What. the hell...
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: It's all right. It's only me...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Now wait a minute, Miss...
speaker_heading: HOLEY
dialog: Golightly. Holly Goligh<ly.
dialog: live downstairs. We met this
dialog: morning, remember?
dialog: w
text: Paul looks anxiously around for 22.
speaker_heading: . BOLEY
dialog: That's all right. She's gons.
dialog: She left a few minutes ago.
dialog: Tre thing is, I've got the most
dialog: terrifying man downstairs. I
dialog: mean he's sweet when he isn't
text: drunk, but let him start Lapping
dialog: wp the vino and oh, golly, quel
dialog: beast! It finally got so tiresome
dialog: down thers that I just went out the
dialog: window.
text: Tere £3 another erash from below. Paul looks at her
text: questioniagly, She shrugs.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Pretty soon he'll get tired anc
dialog: go to sleep. He certainly should
text: anyway. Eight martinis before dinner
dialog: and enough wine to wash an elephant...
dialog: look,*you can throw me out if you want
dialog: so...5ut you éi2 look so cosy in here
dialog: weeand your decorater friend bad gone
dialog: home...2! it was beginning to get
dialog: cold ous there cn the balcon...
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: #
dialog: ww
dialog: we
speaker_heading: 6222-50
text: BREAMFAST AT TIFFANE's — 28.
dialog: {Conttd)
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: And I alwars heard people in Jew Tork
dialog: never get to ‘know their neizhbors.
dialog: Eow was Sing Sing?
speaker_heading: ECLLY :
dialog: Fine, I made the train and everyvhing...
speaker_heading: PAUL ,
dialog: And what's the weather report?
speaker_heading: ROLLY
dialog: Small craft warnings Block Island
dialog: to Hatteras,..whatever that means...
dialog: (Making a decision)
dialog: You kmow, you're sweet, You really
dialog: are, Anc you look a little like oy
dialog: brother Fred. Do you mind if I call
dialog: you Fred?
dialog: She seats bersel? at bis desk. -
speaker_heading: FaUL
dialog: - (Lighting a cigarette)
dialog: Not at all...
speaker_heading: HOLLT
dialog: When I was little we used to
dialog: sleep four in a bed, Fred was
dialog: the only one who would let me
dialog: bug kim ona cold night...
text: Gascal2y, she pieks up the money 2 left.on the desk,
speaker_heading: FOLLY
dialog: (Rapidly counts 1%)
dialog: Three Indred? She's very generous...
speaker_heading: PATE
dialog: (Suddenly angry)
dialog: Okey, ‘The party's over. Tou can
dialog: ges the heli cut of here right mow...
text: Ee starts to get out of bed to throw her oct, Healizes
dialog: in time thet be bes mo clothes om and, Srustratec,
text: Slowers at her from the bec, Holly, pealising she kas
text: been rade, rushes to tim, kneeling besice the bec,
speaker_heading: FOLGE
dialog: Ob, Fred, derling Fred, I'm som>y.
dialog: I diac's meen So burs your feelings.
speaker_heading: mb
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: 6022 080
scene_heading: SREARFAST AT TIFFANZ'S 25.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: That's okay, I was sore for a mimte,
dialog: But I'm ever it now, Stick around
dialog: Maks yourself a drink...or shrow
dialog: me my pants and I'll get up and make
dialog: you one...
speaker_heading: SOLLT
dialog: You stay right wheres you are! You
dialog: mast be absolutely exhausved...I
dialog: mean it's very late and you were
dialog: sound asleep and everything...
text: She pours two drinks and brings one to him and then,
text: finally settles back in the chair at the desk.
speaker_heading: ZOLLY
dialog: I suppose you think I'm vary bresen.
dialog: Or tres fou. Or something.
speaker_heading: PAUL a .
dialog: I dontt think you're any Zoueer than
dialog: anyboéy else...
speaker_heading: BOLLE
dialog: Yes, you do. Everybody does, I don't
dialog: mind. It's useful, What do you do, anyway?
speaker_heading: ?PavL
dialog: I'ma writer, I guess...
speaker_heading: EOLLy
dialog: You guess? Don't you lmow?
speaker_heading: - PAT
dialog: Ouny, Positive statement. Ringe
dialog: ing affirmative. I'm ea writer.
speaker_heading: EOLLZ
dialog: Ists funy. I always thought of
dialog: writers as being, well...cider...
dialog: personally I can't get excited about
dialog: & man until he's forty-two, I just
dialog: simply tratned myself, And it was the
dialog: smartest thing I ever did.
dialog: (Thoughtfalir) :
dialog: The only weiter I've ever been out with
dialog: is Benny Shackiett...xe's written an
dialog: awrul lot of television stufl...=us
dialog: quel rat! Sell me, are you a real
dialog: writer? .I mean Goes anybody suy wnoat
dialog: you write? Op publish it om anyubing?
dialog: (Somtinued }
dialog: e1
dialog: sae
dialog: 6-22-60
text: BREAKFAST AT TIFPANZ'S 30.
dialog: (Cont ta)
text: Paul motions toward the cardboard carten that is new
text: resting open on the floar beside the desk. It contains
text: a dozen copies of a book. She starts to take them out.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: Yours?
speaker_heading: Path
dialog: UTh~huk...
speaker_heading: ROLLE
dialog: ALL these books ?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well, it's just the one book.
dialog: Twelve copies of it...
speaker_heading: ZOLLT
dialog: (Reading the title)
dialog: "Nine Stories" by Paul Varjak.
dialog: They're stories?
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: Nine of them.
speaker_heading: EOQLLY
dialog: Tell me one.
speaker_heading: PauUL , :
dialog: They're not the kind of st
dialog: you can really tell...
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Too dirty?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well, I suppose they're di>ty, $00. Sut
text: only incidentally. Mostly they're "angry",
dialog: "Sensitive", "intensely felt "and that
dialog: dirtiest of all disty words, “promising.”
dialog: At least that's what the Times 3cok
dialog: review said on October ist, 1956.
speaker_heading: EOLLT
dialog: 1956?
speaker_heading: Path
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: SCLLT
dialog: Zosuppese Shis is kind of a
dialog: tatty question...cut what have
dialog: you writven lately?
dialog: (Continued }
scene_heading: ee EREAXTAST AT TIFFANZ'S 31.
dialog: 51. (Cont'd)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PacL
dialog: tely I've been working on a
dialog: novel.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Lately since 1956?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: A novel takes a long time. I
dialog: want to get it exactly rizht.
speaker_heading: ECLLY
dialog: And so no more stories?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: The idea is I'm not supposed to fritter
dialog: away the talent on little things. I'm
dialog: supposed to be saving for the big one.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Do you write every day?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: . EOQLLY
dialog: Bid you write teday?
speaker_heading: FavL
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: EQLLY
text: it's a beautiful typewriter.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Tt's Italian. lt writes only very
text: sensivive, intensely felt, sromising
speaker_heading: POS eae
text: Selly mits a few keys at random.
speaker_heading: ECLIY
dialog: There's no ribben in it.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: There isn't?
speaker_heading: ZOLiIZ
dialog: Noe
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Oh.
dialog: (Pause )
dialog: $=022-60 (Continued)
scene_heading: ee _. -BREAXPAST AT TIFFany's 32.
speaker_heading: Le (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: PAUL (Cont'd)
dialog: Something you said this morning
dialog: . -.-dt's been worrying me all day.
speaker_heading: ZOCLLY
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: Oo PAUL
dialog: Do they really give you fifty dollars
dialog: whenever you go to the powder room?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: OF course...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You must do very well...
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: ‘I'm trying to save. But I'm not very
dialog: good at it. You go look a lot like
dialog: my brother Fred...
text: She comes over and sits down on the edge of the bed.
speaker_heading: EOLLT
dialog: I haven't seen him, of course,
dialog: since I-was fourteen, that's when I
dialog: left nome, and te was already six-
dialog: ‘ feet~-two. I guess it must have .been
dialog: the peanut butter that did it. Everye
dialog: body thought he was dotty the way
text: he gorged himself on peanut butter.
dialog: But he wasn't dotty. Just sweet
dialog: and vague. and terribly slow. He'd
dialog: been in the eighth grade three
dialog: . years when I ran away. Poor Fred.
dialog: de's in the army now. That's really
dialog: the best place for bim...until I
dialog: can get enough money saved...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: and. then?
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: Then maybe Fred and I...I went
dialog: te Mexico once. It's a wonderful
dialog: country for raising horses. I saw
dialog: ome place...near she sea. Fred's
dialog: good with horses...5ut even land
dialog: in Mexice costs something...and no
dialog: matter what I de there never seems
dialog: te be mere than a cousle of aunéred
dialog: Gollars in the cank...
dialog: 2
dialog: a>
dialog: '
dialog: o
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: a
dialog: 9
dialog: n
dialog: ct
dialog: .
dialog: 3
dialog: &
dialog: o
dialog: A
dialog: dl.
scene_heading: BREATAST AT TISFANy's 336
dialog: (Cont'd)
text: She notices the alarm clock on the bed table.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: a be fourethirty! It just
text: The first Light is beginning to filter into she room.
text: Holly, suddenly looks terribly young anc terribly
text: tired...like a transparent child.
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: De yeu mind if I just get in with
dialog: you for a minute?
text: She slides into bed beside him.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (Sleepiiy)
dialog: It's all right...really it is.
dialog: We're friends, that's all. If
dialog: you were older and richer and
dialog: not as nice, then maybe it'd be
dialog: different.. we ere friends, aren't
dialog: we?
speaker_heading: PAUL
speaker_heading: Surssee
text: She snuggles ber head against bis showlder and closes
text: her eyes.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Okay..emnow let's don't say another
dialog: word... slet's just go-to sleepece
text: He leoks down at her...in a moment she is almost
text: asleep. Moving gently he reaches over to turn out the
text: lamp, Morning begins to fi11 she room. in her sleep
dialog: mow, Eolly stizs and holés ois amma.
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: Poor Fred...where aze you, Pred?
dialog: Because it's cold, ‘There's snow
dialog: in the wind...
text: Deul looks more closely and sees that she is crying.
speaker_heading: PATL
dialog: Wheat 1s ite. waat's the matter?
dialog: Way are you crying?
text: ells, suddenly wide awake, springs out of bed.
dialog: ht
scene_heading: 6222-60 (Continued)
text: dL BREAKFAST AT TIFFANT'S 3h.
speaker_heading: Sle (Cont'd)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ROLLY
dialog: If we're going to be frisnds,
dialog: let's get one thing straight
dialog: Tigkt now! I hate smoops!
text: And with this, she starts for the window and the
dialog: fimemescape.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: 52. EXT, STREET - (LATE APTERNOON)
text: Paul comes up the street with a bag of groceries anc
text: the evening papers, As he nears the brownstone we
text: hear (as usual) the ELARE of Holly's FHONOGRATE. Ze
text: a little, amused by the habits of his neighbor.
text: He mounts the steps and enters the -
scene_heading: 53. INT, VESTIBULE - (LATE aFT=Rnoon)
text: He pauses at bis mail box, A note and a small, gift
dialog: wrapped package have been affized to his box wath
text: scotch tape. He opens the note and reads:
scene_heading: Sy.- INSERT - THE NOTE
text: In Eolly's freakishly awkward, kindergarten hend-
dialog: writing: :
dialog: "Darling Fred, please forgive last night.
dialog: Can you stop in for a drink éeish? Mille
dialog: tandresses, Your friend, Holly Goligktly."”
scene_heading: 55. INT, VESTIBULE - (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: He pockets the note and, holding the small package
text: curiously in kis hand, cpens the door and goes in.
scene_heading: 56. ENT. STATRS - (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: Paul climbs the stairs, pausing a moment to listen to
text: the SOUNDS coming from the other side of Holly's
text: coor. Then he continues om bis way upstairs.
dialog: 
dialog: a
scene_heading: 57. I. EATL'S APARTMENT . (LATE aFe
dialog: T)
scene_heading: 6222-60 (Continued)
dialog: 
dialog: is
scene_heading: BEEARFAST 27 TIFFANY'S 35.
dialog: 57. (Cont'd)
dialog: 58.
text: Me PHONE IS RINGING as he comes throughs the decr.
text: It has been ringing for some time. He cashes to it
text: and picks up the receiver.
speaker_heading: Eello? PAUL
scene_heading: INT. 22's LIVING HOM ~ (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: Ze, stretched out on a chaise with the telephene.
text: Tecluded in the shot is the distinguished back of
dialog: Mr. William Pahnstock who is, at the moment, en-
text: gaged in mixing martinis.
dialog: Zz
dialog: Lucille, darling? 2...
text: From this point on, INTERCUT phone conversation,
text: finishing on Paul. .
dialog: : Paul
dialog: (Blankly)
dialog: Zuh?
dialog: a
dialog: Ityve been trying desperately
dialog: te reach you. Sill just got
dialog: back - a-day easly, the beast...
dialog: so I'm afraid I'll have to beg
dialog: off on the bridge game...you'll
dialog: explain to the rest of the girls...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Sure.
dialog: a .
dialog: Tou're a darling. Maybe we can
dialog: have lunch tomorrow. I'll call
dialog: you in the morning... -
speaker_heading: PaTL
dialog: Whatever Jou Sayece
dialog: za
dialog: And you will manage to survive
dialog: without me tonight?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: tT + ever take a wild
dialog: voyish fling at writing some~
dialog: « Sure, Of course, Good
dialog: might. Good night.
dialog: (Continued)
speaker_heading: Bu
dialog: 59.
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: BREAKFAST 37 TIFFANZ'S 36.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: » (Comt'd)
text: Ee bangs up the phone. With a vaguely resolute air
text: he sits down at the desk, lights a cigarette and
text: pulls the typewriter to him. He jams in a piece of
text: paper and then suddenly realizes there is no ribbon.
text: Se gets up again and, then, suddenly sees Eolir's
text: present, He slowly and carefully unwraps it. I+
text: contains an Olivetti typewriter ribbon. He arins,
text: goes back to the desk and attempts to sut it into
dialog: fhe machine, He is totally unsuccessful. Maybe
text: he's just out of practice. With a sigh of resig-
text: nation he gives up. From the window come the in-
text: vitiag SOUNDS of Solly's cocktail party. Ee
text: strugsles briefly with himself, loses, gets up,
text: wipes nis hands, straightens his tie and heads for
text: the door. He stops, goes back, takes a copy of
text: his book from the shelf - takes out a pen, auto-
text: graphs it to Holly and goes out.
dialog: 
scene_heading: tw. EOLLY'S DOOR - (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: Paul hesitates amoment, then KNOCES. Presextly
text: the door is opened by a brisk,. tougn-talicag Little
dialog: man who will presently be identified as one Oo. J.
text: Berman. 0. J. looks at Fal somewhat dubiousiy.
dialog: 0.5.
dialog: Eid's in the shower... You
dialog: . expected? -
speaker_heading: "PAUL
dialog: Iwas invited,. If that's what
dialog: you mean... :
dialog: 0.7.
dialog: Okay. So don't get sore, It's
dialog: just a lot of.characters come-
dialog: here, they're not expected.
dialog: That's all.
text: With that he ushers Paul into -
scene_heading: TNT, HOMDY'S LIVING ROOM - (LATE aFTERNOCN)
text: What is clearly soing to develop into a larse,
dialog: noisy party is just getvcing under wey. 4 dozen
text: om $0 assorted guests are standing around, shere
dialog: being, of sours’, =o place +9 sit. 42 bar bas
text: been improviseé om an empty pecking case. There
dialog: ts as yes no sig oF the hosvess.
dialog: pe
dialog: 4
dialog: o.0.
dialog: You know the kid long?
dialog: {Consisued}
dialog: Is
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: BREARPAST aT TIFFANT'S 37.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Not very. I live upstairs.
dialog: Od.
dialog: . (With some horror)
dialog: In this building? .
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That's right.
dialog: Oud.
dialog: What a dump} Look at it.
dialog: Unbelievable!
text: He pauses for a nonent and then, very suddenly
text: and dramatically hurls a question.
dialog: O.d.
dialog: Well -- what do you think? Is
dialog: she e+ or isn't she? no,
dialog: Before Paul can come up with a suitable >erly, che
text: bedroom door bursts open and Zolly, fresh from the
text: shower, splashes into the room, a towel more or
text: less wrapped around her and her wet fees dripping
text: foot marks on she Zloor. .
text: , HOLLY .
dialog: Fred, darling - I'm so glad you
dialog: could come --. .- :
speaker_heading: PauL
dialog: I brought you a house present -
dialog: something for your bookcase.
dialog: (Ze hands her the book)
speaker_heading: SOLLE
dialog: You are sweet <--
text: “(She puts it on the shelf
dialog: where is sits in solitary
dialog: splendor)
dialog: It does look mice there, doesn't
dialog: % w= Light me a cigarette, will
dialog: you?’ Net you, 0.J. You're such a
dialog: slobee. oe
dialog: ”
text: She reaches down and deftly scoops up the cat anc
text: places it on her bare shoulder, Paul lights ner a
text: cigarette, Through this, Eolly's Lime of shatter
dialog: does not lose a deat. : -
speaker_heading: BCLLT
dialog: wo, ds a slob Sut he's a great
text: gent and he lmows a terrizic Lot
dialog: 6
dialog: a
dialog: [Pammetonad)
speaker_heading: mb
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: BREARFAST AT TIFFANZ'S 38.
dialog: (Conta)
speaker_heading: HOLLY (Cont'd)
dialog: ef phone mumbers, ‘hat is David 0.
dialog: Selznick's phone mumber, 0,J.?
dialog: 0.7.
dialog: Crestview 5-6,..Come on now.
dialog: Lay off...
speaker_heading: BOLLZ
dialog: It's not a joke, darling, I want
dialog: you to call bim up and tell bim
dialog: what a genius Fred is.
dialog: (She indicates book
dialog: eon the shelf)
dialog: See - mine stories - by Paul Varjak.
dialog: New you just stop blushing, Fred,
dialog: You didn't say you were a genius. TI
dialog: did, So quit stalling, 0.7, Just
dialog: tell me what you're going to do to
dialog: make Fred rich and famous...
dialog: . Od, :
dialog: Suppose you just let cld Fred-
dialog: baby and me settle shat, bub, lid?
text: There is another ENOCK at the door. Zolly moves off
text: to answer it, calling over ber shoulder as she goes:
speaker_heading: . HOLLY
dialog: Okey. But just remember, i'm bis
dialog: agent, He's already got a deconator =
dialog: put I'm his agent. .
dialog: Od.
dialog: Well, okay, Fradebaby...
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: (Correcting him)
dialog: Paule-baby...
dialog: 0.7.
dialog: Okay, Paul babdy...so answer the
dialog: question. Is she - or isn't she?
speaker_heading: PATL
dialog: Is she what?
dialog: Ode
dialog: 4 phony.
speaker_heading: PATL
dialog: Gont'S keow, I don't think so...
dialog: (Continued)
speaker_heading: mb
dialog: $0,
dialog: $222-60
dialog: (Contd) .
scene_heading: BEBATFAST AT TIFFANT'S 39.
dialog: Cw.
dialog: Well, you're wrong! She is 2
dialog: phony! But on the other Band,
dialog: youtre right. Secause she's 2
dialog: real phony. Tou know why? Be-
dialog: Cause soe nonestly believes all
dialog: this phony junk she believes’
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Zave you imown her long?
dialog: 0.d,
dialog: Known har long? Me...0.d. Berman...
dialog: I'm the ome discovered her} On
text: the coast, a courle of ysars ago,
dialog: out at Santa Anita, She'ts hanging
dialog: around the track, The kid's just
text: fifteen. But stylish. Even though
dialog: when she opens her mouth, you don't
dialog: know if she's a hillebilly or an okie
dialog: or what. One year it took to smoot
dialog: out that accent. How we finaily dic
dialog: 2s, we give her French lessons, After
text: that she gradually learns to imitate
dialog: English, Finally, when I think she's
dialog: ready = I set her up with a screen
dialog: testes.f could kill myselt...the might
dialog: before...wham! the phone rings! She
dialog: says: This is Holly. I say: Baby,
dialog: you sound far away, She says: I'm
dialog: ain New York, I say: Whet kind of New
dialog: York? You got a semeen test here to-
dialog: morrow. She says: I'm in New York
dialog: because I've never been to New York,
dialog: Iosay: Get your butt om a plane and
dialog: get back here, She says: I don't
dialog: want 15. I say: You doen't want it?
dialog: She says: I don't want it. I say:
dialog: What do you went? She says: When?
dialog: find out, you'll be the first one to
dialog: know. So, listen, Fred-baby...
dialog: Pach
dialog: Paulebaby...
dialog: ows.
dialog: Don's stand there and troy and veil
dialog: me she ain't e phoryl
dialog: él.
text: BREAKFAST AT TIFSANY'S ko.
scene_heading: INT. ROLLY'S SEOROOM - (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: The party has now spreac into the bedroom. Through the
text: door we can see two enthusiastic gentlemen tipping
text: Holly into her dress. Once safely zipped Holly moves
text: (AND TEE CAMERA FOLLGWS HER) out inte the gathering
text: bedlam. There follow several SECIS of the party fron
text: various angles, Holly turning the phonegraph up even
text: louder. Paul picking his way across the room to the bar.
text: O.J. shaking bis head and taking a pill. Mere guests
text: arriving. Faul, having finally got a drink, picking
text: bis way back to his corner. He arrives there at the
dialog: Same time as Holly whe has come from the opposite
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Some party...who ere ali these
dialog: people anyway?
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: Who knows? I've been scattering
dialog: invitations around all week -=
dialog: I've sort of forgotten who all I
dialog: asked...
text: EZolly suddenly notices the glass in Paul's hand.
speaker_heading: EZOLLY .
dialog: You don't mind, do you darling?
text: She deftly takes his hard-won drink from his hand, and
text: drains it in ome long pull. Then she returns the empty
dialog: Glass to hin. : .
speaker_heading: Path
dialog: What I don't understand is: Why?
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: Why what?
speaker_heading: | PATE
dialog: Why anyone would give a brawl
text: like this of his own free will.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Well really, derling. Eow else
dialog: is a sirl going te get to meet
dialog: new people?
text: From she docrmway comes a high-pitched, female voice.
text: A Dighecitchec southern lemals veice with a rather
dialog: Setenhing stutver.
dialog: (Sentinued)
dialog: 62.
dialog: 63.
dialog: bi.
text: BREAKFAST AT TIFTANY'S ui.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: MAG'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Eolly! Holly, d-d-darling!
speaker_heading: . PAUL
dialog: Who's that?
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. DOORWAY ~ PAUL & HOLLY'S Pov = (LaTE arTSanocy)
text: Mag Wildwood, the owner of ths voice, is a fashion
text: model, well over six feet tall in her spiked heels.
text: With her are two gentlemen: Jose Ybarra-Jaegar, a
text: wildly hendsome Latin with the lock of a shy bull
text: fighter; and Rusty Trawler, a middle-aged child who
dialog: has never quite shed his baby fat. There is not a
text: suspicion of a bone in his body. Mag is shouting
dialog: greetings to one and all. :
scene_heading: INT. PAUL & HOLLY - (LATE aPI=Rwoow)
speaker_heading: “ HOLLT
dialog: Mag Wildwood. She's a model,
dialog: believe it or not.. And a
dialog: thumping bere. But just look
dialog: what she's brought with her!
scene_heading: INT. CLOSE SECT - JOSE - (LATE AFTERNOGN)
speaker_heading: PAUL'S VOICE (0.s.)
dialog: (Sotto) .
dialog: He's all right, I suppese, if
dialog: you like dark, handsome, riche
text: looking men with passionate
dialog: matures and too many teeth...
scene_heading: INT. HOLLZT & PAUL - (LATE APTERNCON)
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (Sotto)
dialog: I don't mean bin! I mean the
dialog: othe> one. :
scene_heading: LSE SECT - SUSTY - (LATE AFTEERNOCH)
speaker_heading: ( PAUL'S VOISE {(0.s.)
dialog: Sette :
dialog: 
scene_heading: mb SREAZFAST AT TIFFANZ'S 42.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 67. INT. PAUL & ZOLLT - (LATS AFTERNOON)
speaker_heading: HOLLY :
dialog: Don't you Imow who he is? You
dialog: must have seen his picture at
dialog: least! He's Rusty Trawler...
text: Paul looks blank,
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Busty Trawler: He happens to be
dialog: “the minta richest man under fifty-
dialog: five in dmerica...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That's a remarkable piece of
dialog: information to tmve at your
text: fingertins.
speaker_heading: . HOLLY
dialog: . Darling, I keep Srack of these
dialog: things! Wow, you juss stand
dialog: wall back anc watch...
text: Holly squares her shoulders and moves repidly to the
text: doorway to greet her mew guests.
speaker_heading: » HOLLY :
dialog: Mag, darling! I'm so glac you
text: Gropped in...
speaker_heading: MAG
dialog: Well, I was upstairs working with
dialog: Yurioshi, Christmas stuff for the
dialog: TBaebaezaar', Then these two nice
dialog: bedoys came to pick me up...it wes
dialog: @ memistake of course, my wires got
dialog: crossed somswhere...bebut they were
dialog: Deboth very sweet about it...Mey I
dialog: present Jose YoarrasJaezer,..ne's
dialog: from Brazil...Miss GeGolightly...
text: Be kisses Holly's hand,
speaker_heading: MAG
dialog: And Mr, Rusty Trawler...Miss
dialog: GaGelightly... -
dialog: Rusty sigsles foolishi;y.
speaker_heading: MAG
dialog: Zoutre mot vened at me for beoringing
dialog: shen along?
speaker_heading: ZCLLy
dialog: . 2 course mot, dariins...
speaker_heading: 6022260 (Continued)
scene_heading: is BRRARTAST AT TIFFANY'S U3
dialog: 67. (Sonttd) .
speaker_heading: MAG
dialog: I'm so g-glad...Now who's going
dialog: to get me some b-bourbon?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Ode, Will you get Miss Wildwood
dialog: a az eee
text: 0.7, obliges, leading her off. Holly looks after her,
text: sighs sadly and says to Jose and Rusty:
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Itts really very sad. And so
dialog: mysterious, Youtd think it would”
dialog: show more. But heaven knows, she
dialog: looks healthy...
text: With which, she takes Rusty's arm:
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Come on, Mr. Trawler, let's ses
dialog: what we can get for you...
text: Rusty giggles foolishly as she leads him off, Paul locks
text: helplessly around, considers trying to get himsel? ance
text: ther drink, decides against it and instead, unobtrusively
dialog: leaves the room. : . . .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 68." INT. PAUL'S APARTMENT = (NIGHT)
text: Paul, his jacket off and sie loosened 4s seated at his
text: desk, his feet propped up, his head back mc & cigarette
text: in bis mouth, After a moment he swings his feet to the
text: floor, gets up, wanders to the window end looks out.
scene_heading: 8S, INT, PATLIS APARTMENT = (NIGHT)
text: Paul grins and goes back to the desk, Se picks up the
text: typewriter ribbon, studies it with great wenslty.
text: Once more he tries to put it inte the machine, Thi.
text: Sime it almost flies into place. Emnesureged, he jams
text: a piece of paper into the machine, He stares at it fo>
text: along time, Then, very slowly, very painfully he begins
dialog: to type.
speaker_heading: PATL
dialog: {To nimselt es he
dialog: aoes so)
scene_heading: There... .Was...0NCl +. 68. TET LOVELT. oe
dialog: 5-22-60
dialog: 
text: is BREAKFAST AT TIFFANZ'S ue
speaker_heading: 69. (Conttd)
speaker_heading: ‘PAUL (Cont'd)
dialog: very frightened girl... She lived alone...
text: in an unfurnished apartment...
text: Suddenly he feels a paiz of eyes on Aim. He looks
text: quickly at the window.
scene_heading: 70, CLOSE SHOT - WINDOW SILL - (NIGET)
text: Holly's cat sits watching him calmly.
speaker_heading: PAUL'S VOICE (o.s.)
dialog: Oh, ni, Cat...
text: Tae sound of trning begins agains
speaker_heading: PAUL'S VOICE (o.s.)
dialog: Alone that is, except for a
dialog: nameless cat, Each Thursdey she
dialog: took the 10:45 train for Sing Sing...
text: On the cat's grinning face -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: TL, + IWR, VISTTOR's ROOM, SING STNG -- (DAT)
text: Begin on CLOSEUP of the grinning face of Sally Tome to.”
text: Whan the CAMERA PULLS BACK, a scene, almost picnic in
text: quality is revealed.
speaker_heading: SALLI
dialog: Seo you're a writer, huh, Fred?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I guess so...
speaker_heading: EOLLT
dialog: What do you mean, you guess so?
dialog: Bets written nine of the most
dialog: marvelous stories, I mean they've
dialog: been published and everything...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Eolly, please...
speaker_heading: . SALLY
dialog: Look, You @ writer or aint?
dialog: you @ writer?
dialog: $-22-60 (Continued)
dialog: Th.
text: BREAMPAST AT TIFFANE'S 47.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: PavL
dialog: Goodbye, Uncle Sally...
dialog: . SALLY ~ .
dialog: Goodbye...don't forget to send
dialog: the book...
speaker_heading: PATE
dialog: I owontt...
speaker_heading: FOLLY
dialog: oh, Unele Sally - what about
dialog: the weather report...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (Grins)
dialog: 'gnow flurries expected this week-
dialog: end in New Orleans...'
dialog: Be is being lec sway...
speaker_heading: ZOLLE
dialog: (To Paul)
dialog: 'Snow flurries expected this week-
dialog: end in New Orleans...' Isn't shat
dialog: just the wierdest?. I bet shes
dialog: haven't had any snow in New Orleans
dialog: in a million years... don't know
dialog: how he thinks them up... .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT, OSSINING STATION PLATFORM - (DAY)
text: The train is in the station about to pull out. Many
text: of the people we saw in the visitors room are boarding.
text: Among them, Holly and Paul.
speaker_heading: INT. TRATN - (DAZ)
text: Holly and Paul seated next to each other in the cay
text: coach. Zolly thumps a fashion magazine. Paul is
text: engrossed in her note book. After & moment Holly
dialog: locks up. :
speaker_heading: ECL
dialog: Fred?
dialog: Yes?
dialog: 
dialog: Den's you th
dialog: marvelous?
dialog: { Sontinued)
dialog: ou
dialog: 3.
dialog: $-22-60
scene_heading: EREAZPAST AT TISFANZ'S Lé.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: PATL
dialog: I mever met a big time gangster
dialog: before, I mst say he wasals
dialog: exactly whet I'd expected, Je
dialog: seamed very nice, thoush...
text: Be tries to go back to the notebook, but Holly persists.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Fred..e
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (Looking up once
dialog: again) .
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: If you and I ever get married,
dialog: promise me that Sally will be
dialog: there to give the bride away...
speaker_heading: PauL
dialog: I thought he was in there twenty-
dialog: years-torlite...
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Well, I don't. dmagine we'll be
dialog: getting married mich before then
dialog: amywayes.do you? .
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: No. The economics are against it.
dialog: wa couldn't atferd each other.e.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: That's right...We'tre both,..reaching
dialog: for the sky, I guass...but it's nice
dialog: that we can go along part of the way
dialog: at least...vogetberess
text: The reythn of the train has begun to inéuce a certain
text: relaxed elmost dreamlike quality, Paul fails in with
dialog: ite
speaker_heading: PacvL
dialog: Two parallel lines...that never
speaker_heading: TET ewes
speaker_heading: ZOLLT
text: Two parallel lines...shet's exastl
speaker_heading: what WE B7See6
dialog: 
dialog: Ee reaches crer to take ser Bend. It is siveadcy thers
dialog: waiting to De taken, acter @ momentec.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 75.
dialog: 76,
speaker_heading: $n22250
speaker_heading: BREARTAST At
dialog: ha
dialog: bt
speaker_heading: FPANe'S ° Lg.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: SZ0LLyY
dialog: I've never been a parallel line.
dialog: before..-except maybe, I guess,
dialog: with my brother Fred...
scene_heading: Q@ICE DISSOLVE To:
speaker_heading: ERD, TRAIN TRACES = (Dar)
text: The parallel lines of the tracks stretch cut before
text: us. Now, the trein comes ROARING over them,
scene_heading: QUICE DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: TI, PAUL'S APARTMENT = (LATE AFTERNOON)
dialog: Begin on CLOSE SHOT of the ca=zriage of Paul's type-
text: writer being slammed back in the opposite direction
text: from the train in the previous shot. The typewriter
text: bell RINGS, .The CAMERA PULLS BACK and we see Paul
text: ing furiously. He is about hal? way down a page.
text: 4, stack of completed pages rests proudly at bis elbow,
dialog: Eis concentration is intense, He is, for example,
text: totality tmaware of a SOUND shat aQritts lazily ap
text: throuch his open window, It is Eolly, SINGING and
text: ACCOMPANYING herself on the Saitar. ares. sorg is a
dialog: piaintive Preitrie melody the words ef which seem to be:
dialog: "Don't wanne live, don't wanna die, juss wanna G0 a=
text: travelin! through’ the pastures of the sky." Paul's
text: concentration reaches its climax as he finishes the
dialog: story be is writing and adds those two glorious words:
text: TEE 2ND, Ee pulls she sheets from the typewriter
text: (separating the carbons } and, pencil in band, reads
text: over the page he has written, malicing minor core
text: rections with a pencil, Mow and only now, does he bee
text: coms aware of the sound of Holly's voice. The volume
dialog: dnereases as it begizs to intrude on Eis (our) ccnscious-
text: mess, Ze finishes proofereading she page, puts it bee
dialog: Gand the others meking a complete manuscript, puts ths
text: seript down on the desk, vicks up a cigarette, lights
text: it, and walks slowly to she window and looks out.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXD, EOCLEy'S FERe ESCAPES = (LATE APTE=ENOCN) = (PATL'S
dialog: ———— |
dialog: 
text: Zolly, her hair pewly | washed, is sitting in 2 robe,
dialog: ESGING anc gensly STR Gher geitas, She looks us
text: sees Paul anc waves.
dialog: 78.
dialog: 80.
dialog: 82.
dialog: 5-22-60
scene_heading: SPRARPAST AT TIFFANY'S 50.
speaker_heading: —
scene_heading: INT, PAUL'S WINDOW - (LATE aPTERNOON)
dialog: 
text: Be smiles tack. FPantomimes the suitar strumming and
text: mouths the words: "Very nice..."
scene_heading: =xt, HOLLY ON FIRE ESCAPE - (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: Holly smiles, raises her eyebrows questioningly and
dialog: menths: "What about you?”
scene_heading: INT, PAUL'S WINDOW - (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: Paul grins and pantomimes typing. Two finger typins.
scene_heading: EX”. HOLLY - (LaTE AFTERNOON)
text: Holly nods approval and goes back to her guitar, Paul
dialog: returns to -
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S APARTMENT - (LATE APTERNOON)
text: Paul, still smiling, goes back to his desk, stacks the
text: pages, finds a paper clip and puts them together. He
text: takes a brown manila envelope out of the desk, starts
text: to address and hesitates, He gets up anc goes to a
text: table where a vast mumber of magazines are riled. .
text: Thoughtfully, he picks up a mumber of slick, big leazue
text: magazines, rejecting them, one by one: TEE NEW YORIER,
scene_heading: TEs SATURDAY EVENING POST, TRE ATLANTIC MONTHLY, etc...
text: Finaliy settling on something called THE NORTEWES TERN
text: REVIEW...3e carries it back to the desk, copies the
dialog: address onto his envelope with pen and ink. Ee ine
text: serts the manuscript, stamps the envelope enc is about
text: to seal it when another thought strikes bim, Grinning,
text: be takes out a sscond envelope, scribbles bis own name
text: and address en it, stamps it, folds it and puts it,
text: with the mamusarint into the envelope. He is just seal-
text: img it when the door buzzer SOUNDS. Be seoeps up the
text: envelope quickly, like a guilty chile and bices it in
text: the desk drawer, Then, after bracing oimssl> for a
text: moment, ae goss to the door and admits 25. She seems
text: strangely upset.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well, kellcece
text: eses the door quickly behind hersel? anc motions
dialog: to be cules.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Waat's the matter?
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: Sl.
dialog: 82.
dialog: 83.
dialog: $=22-80
dialog: 
dialog: . (Cont'd)
dialog: I don't know...it's probably
dialog: nothing. Sut...
text: She leads him over to the front window and, in the best
text: Hitchcock movie tradition, cautiously draws a corner of
text: the blind aside.
speaker_heading: PATL
dialog: What is is?
dialog: a
dialog: I want to see if he's still
dialog: there. :
speaker_heading: Path
dialog: If who's still there? What
dialog: are you talking about-?
text: She indicates the street.
scene_heading: EXT, THE STREED (PROM THE WINDOW) ~ (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: & man is ledtering across the way, casting occasional —
text: glances at the house. Se is in his early fifties with
text: a bard weatherec face and gray forlorn eyes. He wears
text: a sweatestained gray bat and a cheap dark blue suit.
dialog: Eis shoes are brown anc brand new. : .
scene_heading: Im. PAUL'S APARTMENT - (LATE AFTERNOON)
dialog: z
dialog: I noticed him yesterday afternoon.
dialog: But I didn't say anything. I
dialog: didn't want to sound neurotic...
dialog: but when he was there again today...
speaker_heading: PauL
dialog: Woo do you think he is?
dialog: z
dialog: It could be anybody, of course.
dialog: But what crossed my mind was:
dialog: suppose Bill's found out about
dialog: us and is having us watched...
speaker_heading: PATL
dialog: Okay. I'll take cate of “his...
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: ee
dialog: 83.
dialog: She
dialog: as.
dialog: 86.
dialog: 87.
dialog: ee.
dialog: 222-60
scene_heading: BREAKFAST AT fT
dialog: 
dialog: (Cont'd)
dialog: a
dialog: No, don't...please. If that's
dialog: what it-is you'll only make every-
dialog: thing worse...
text: Panl puts on his jacket and prepares to go down.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Itll be careful. You wait here...
dialog: ; a
dialog: Please, darling, I don't think...
speaker_heading: PAUL ,
dialog: Take it easy. I just want to find
dialog: out what this is all about...
text: He goes quickly out the door.
scene_heading: EXt. BROWNSTONE - (LATE APTERNOGN)
text: Paul, moving carefully but with studied casualness comes
text: out of the vestibule and down the steps. He looks, with
text: even more casualness, around to see if the man is still
dialog: there. :
scene_heading: EXE. THE MAN (PAUL'S POV) = (LATE APTERNCON)
text: The man is standing across the street. Hé sees Paul
text: and quickly and not very skillfclly pretends to be
text: reading a newspaper.
scene_heading: EXD, TEE STEEET - (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: Paul walks slowly to the comer and pauses at a fire
text: hydrant to tie his shoe. As he does so he sneaks a
text: fast look back.
scene_heading: EXT. THD MAN (PAUL'S POV) + (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: The man is casually crossing the street to Paul's side
text: and is very slowly beginning to make,nis way toward
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXD. STEEST CORNER - (LATE AFTERNCCH)
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: cz
dialog: 86.
dialog: as.
dialog: 80.
dialog: g2.
scene_heading: BREAKFAST AT TIFPANY'S 53.
dialog: (Cont'd)
text: Paul heads west, crossing the Avenue. The man con-
text: tinues to follow.
scene_heading: EXT, CORNER OF FIF
speaker_heading: 22 iN
scene_heading: Te AVE & 6479 STREET - (LATE
dialog: 
text: Paul stops for a red light. The man, who is much closer
text: now, comes almest abreast of him. Also waiting for she
text: lignt 4s a lady with a sleazy Pomeranian. The man
text: stoops over to pet the dog. on he speaks his voice
text: is a hoarse, countrified crawl.
speaker_heading: mo TEE MAN
dialog: That's a mighty fine animal you
dialog: got there...
text: Tee Light changes and Faul eresses the street. The man
text: follows. Paul moves down tke steps into -
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL PARK.Z00 - (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: Tae man follows. Sy now he is close enough for Paul
text: to HEAR that he is whistling. The sune is haunting)
text: familier. Paul, as he walks, tries to figure out
text: where he has heard it before. Suddenly 1% cawns on
text: him.. The tune the man is whistling ts Eolly's 'Pas-
text: tures of the sky' melody. Paul's eyebrows go up with
dialog: curiosity. He moves into =
scene_heading: INT. PARE CAFETERIA - (LATE APIERNOON)
text: Paul moves down the line, gets himself a cup of collee,
text: pays for it and moves out onto-
scene_heading: EXT. CAFETERIA TERRACE - (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: There are many empty tables, in fact, at this hour the
text: terrace is almost deserted. Paul selects a table and
text: sits, The man comes out of the cafeteria onto the
text: terrace. Moving almost aimlessly he comes toward the
text: table where Paul is seated and, finally, ignoring all
text: the other empty tables on the terrace, seats Binsel?
text: at Paul's sable. He sets nis coffee in front of hin.
text: For a momens she two men wait, looking quietly at she
text: two untouched cups of coffee.
dialog: ee
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: 936
dialog: oh.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Okey. What do you want?
speaker_heading: THE MAN
dialog: Son, I need a friend.
text: Paul watches with mounting curiosity as the man veaches
text: into bis pocket and withdraws a wallet = it is as worn
text: and leathery as bis hands - almost, in fact, Talling
text: so pieces. From it he takes an equally worm snapsict
dialog: which he bands to Paul.
speaker_heading: TSS MAN
dialog: That's me. That's ber. And
dialog: that's her brother Fred.
text: Pani takes the snapshot and looks at it curdously.
scene_heading: TESGRE - TEE SNABSEOD
text: There are seven people in the picture, all grouped to-
text: gether on the sagging poreh of a stark wooden house.
dialog: And all ave children except for the man himself who has
text: his arm around the waist of a plump little girl who
text: ‘stands with her hand shading her eyes against the sun..
text: The little girl has a clear, if ambryonic resemblance
dialog: to Holly. :
scene_heading: EXD. TEE TABLE - (LATE AFTERN ON)
text: Paul continues to study the snapshot.. Then he looks
text: up amazed.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You're Holly's father?
speaker_heading: THE MAN
dialog: Ber name's not Holly. She was
dialog: Lulumes Barnes. Waes...til' she
dialog: married me. I'm her husband...
dialog: Doc Goligntiy.. I'm a horse doctor.
dialog: Avimal man. Do some farming too.
text: Near Tulip, Texas.
text: Paul laughs. Sut it is a nervous lLausr
dialog: without Bumcr.
dialog: Doc
dialog: Tats here's no Rumercus mat.
dialog: 94.
dialog: 95.
text: BREAMPAST AT TOFPANY'S
dialog: ao
speaker_heading: oF
dialog: 
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: DOC (cont'd)
dialog: son. Her brother Fred's getting
text: out of the army soon. Lulamae
text: belongs home with her husband,
dialog: her brother and he cnurren...
speaker_heading: a PAUL
dialog: Children?
dialog: boc
dialog: {Indicating the snapshot)
dialog: Them's her churren... .
text: Paul sits for a moment, staring wide-eyed at Doc,
dialog: Neither bas made the slightes$ move to touch nis
text: coffee. Finally Paul indicates the full coffee cups.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Finished?
dialog: Doc
dialog: Zeah. —
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Me too. Let's take a little walk.
text: They rise. Dec takes a change purse out of another
text: pocket, snaps it open, finds a dime and leaves it on
text: the table as a tip. He puts the purse back in nis
text: pocket and they move off.
scene_heading: EXD. CENTRAL PARE ZOO - (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: “The CAMERA FOLLOWS as they. walk past the lines of cages.
dialog: 6-22-60
text: Doe is talking.
dialog: Doc
dialog: Now, son, I didn't claim they was
dialog: her natural-born churren, Theiz
dialog: own precious mother, precious
dialog: woman, passed away July 4th,
dialog: Independence Day, 1555. The year
dialog: of the drought. When I married
dialog: Lulamae she was soing on fourteen.
dialog: Maybe ar ordinary person, being
dialog: only fourteen, wouldn't know sheir
dialog: own mind. But you take Lulamae,
dialog: she was an exceptional person.
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: id
dialog: $-22-80
scene_heading: BREAKFAST AT TIFFANZ'S
dialog: (ent! 4)
text: They are passing now the refreshmen‘ wagon et the south-
text: @ast corner of the zoo. Doc stons, buys a Sox of crack-
text: ertack, paying for it again from his chenge purse.
text: After the purchase is completed, they move on.
dialog: boc
dialog: I tell you, son, she plain broke
dialog: ous hearts when she ran off like
dialog: she done.
text: They are a little way out of the zoo, just past the pony
text: Tides. By a kind of umspoken agreement, they, moving
text: as one person and without discussion, drop ontc e bench.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Weat about her brother? Didn't
dialog: he leave too?
dialog: boc
dialog: No sir. Fred was with us till they
dialog: took bim in the arzy. That's what
dialog: I got to talk to her about. I had
text: a letter from him. He gits out of
dialog: the army in February. That's why
dialog: I got on the Greyhound bus and come
dialog: to git her. Her place is with her
text: busband and churren and brother.
dialog: I know. she's sorry for what she done. .
dialog: I kmow she wants to come home... — .
dialog: Tarsugh this, Doc has been fruitlessly fingeriag the
dialog: erackerjack bex trying to get it open - this action
text: has been almost unconscious and totally unsuccessful.
text: Paul finally reach¢ds over, takes it frem him and un-
text: does the wrapping. Ee lifts off the top and takes out
text: the prize - in this case a plain, gold-locking metal
text: ring. He offers it to Doc.
dialog: boc
dialog: (Noticing the prof-
dialog: fered ring)
dialog: Zuh?
speaker_heading: PAuL
text: The prize in the box of crackerjack.
dialog: You want it?
text: Dec shakes tis head. Paul starts to toss i away,
dialog: shen, for no reason whatever, puts it, instead in
text: Bis socket. He hands the bex to Doc, whe begins,
dialog: casually, paying no real attention to what te is
text: doing, toss a few kernels of crackeriack on the
text: greuné in front of hin.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: (Sonvinued)
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: $eZ2-60
scene_heading: BREAKFAST AT TIFFANZ'S 576
dialog: (Come! 4)
dialog: Doc
dialog: Never could understand wey that woman
dialog: run off. Don't tell me she wasn't
text: happy. Talky as a jay bird she was.
dialog: With something smart *o say on every
dialog: subject. Better than the radio.
text: As be talks new, bis Crackerjack tas begun to attract
dialog: pigeons. It 1s clea> shat Doc has a way with them, In
dialog: a moments or two they are eating out of bis hand,climd=
dialog: ing on his shoulders, Ze works with chem, almos?
text: automatically as he talks. He seems completely at
text: home with them and they with him,
dialog: Doc
dialog: We all doted on that woman, She
dialog: didn't have to lift a finger, except
dialog: to eat a piece of pie, Except to
dialog: comb her hair and send away for all
dialog: the magazines. We mist've bad a
dialog: tmmdred dollars worth of magazines
dialog: , come +o thes house. Ask me, shat's
dialog: waat done it. Looking at stow-off
dialog: pictures, Reading dreams. That's what -
dialog: started ber walking down she road. Zvery
dialog: day, she'd walk a little further. A mile
dialog: and then-come home. ‘Two miles and come
dialog: home, One day, sne just kept on.es
text: Seme children running by scare _away the pigeoms. Dee.
text: doesn't even seem to notice. Ee turns to aul with
dialog: some intensity.
dialog: pec
dialog: Listen, som, I advised you, 2
dialog: need a friend, Secause I don's
dialog: want to surpriss her or scare her
dialog: none, That's way I held off. That's
dialog: wey I been standin! in front of
dialog: that house she last two days. Be ay
dialog: friend, Let her mow I'm here.
dialog: WLLL you do that for me, sen?
text: After a moment.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Sure, Doc. If that's what you want.
dialog: Come on.
text: ‘Dusk has gathered new anc the lights on Fifth Avenus
text: and Central Pazg South have begun to Slicker.
dialog: Againss this background she Llieassorted pair rise
text: ane move off toward Fifth Avenus.
speaker_heading: DISSOLV= TC:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: o%
dialog: 96.
dialog: 97.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: EREARPaS? At TE
dialog: 
dialog: Fares ° 38.
scene_heading: EXT. EROWNSTONS - (ZVEVING)
text: Dee and Paul appreach the house. Doc is nervous.
text: Paul pats bis arm and almost ushers him up the stens
dialog: ané inte the -
scene_heading: INT, VESTIBULE - (ZVENING)
text: Paul fumbles for bis key, fimeally opens che deer
text: and holds it for Doc. Doc hesitates once more and
text: fumbles with his tie.
dialog: pec
dialog: Do I look nics?
text: Moved, Paul is unable to answer. Ee pats the Doc's
text: arm once more, motions for him to stay there and
text: goes quickly up the steps to -
scene_heading: INT. EOLLY'S DOORWAY - (EVENING)
text: Paul comes up the staps to her door. Pauses in front ©
text: of it, gathering bis resources, and shen EZNOCKS.
text: Eolly opens the door almost dmmeciately. She is
text: d@rassesd to the teéth and clearly ready to go out
dialog: for the evening.
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: Darling, I'm sorry. I'm just on
dialog: the way out...J was supposed to
dialog: have been at Twenty-One a hel?
dialog: hour ago,..Maybe we can heave 2
dialog: é@pink or something tomorrowee.
speaker_heading: PauL
dialog: Sure, Lulamae...if you're still
dialog: here tomcrrow.ecs
text: Bolly takes off her dark giasses and squints et him,
text: When she speaks her voice 4s small anc shivery.
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: Be tole you that; Oh, please,
dialog: woere is he?
text: She rems past bin, into the hall.
speaker_heading: ECLLT
dialog: ( Caliize}
dialog: i edi Where ave you,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: cL
dialog: 98.
dialog: 99,
dialog: $022-60
text: BREASFAST AT TIFFANY'S 59.
dialog: (Cont'd)
dialog: Doc
dialog: Gosh, Lulamae...Ges, honey,
dialog: doen't thay feed you up here?
dialog: You're so skinny,..,and all wild
dialog: around the syeec.
text: Eolly touches his face, tasting the reality of bis
text: chin, his beard stubble.
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: Hello, Docese
text: Then she kisses him on the cheek,
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: Hello, Docess
text: Be lifts her off her feet in a rib-crushing grip,
text: He is shaken by a wave of relief-filled laughter,
dialog: : Doc
dialog: Gesh, Lulamae. Kingdom com@se.
text: Ee carries her into the apartment and the coor
text: closes, After a moment Paul slowly climbs the
text: Stairs, opens bis own door and moves into -
scene_heading: INT, PAUL'S APARTMENT ~. (EVENING)
text: 2S turns anxiously from the window,
dialog: 2
dialog: What was it, darling? What
dialog: happens d? :
speaker_heading: - PAUL
dialog: Nothing. Ee was nobody. Just
dialog: a friend ef the girl downstairs...
dialog: 25
dialog: Where were you then? It's been
dialog: almost an hour...
speaker_heading: Path
dialog: I went Zor a walkee.
dialog: 23
dialog: For a vali?
speaker_heading: FACL
text: Just a mile down the road,
dialog: This time I came back, But
speaker_heading: Ls'S a STaDTece
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: ee
speaker_heading: 996
dialog: 100.
dialog: 101.
dialog: 6-22-60
text: BREAKFAST AT TISPANY'S 60.
speaker_heading: (Comt'd)
text: She looks at him, uncomprehendingly - then envelops hiz
dialog: in ber ams.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BROWNSTONE - (LATE AT NIcst)
text: Fer once all is silent. A light burns in Paul's apart .
text: mens, Holly's apartment is dark. The light goes out
text: in Paul's apartment. A moment later, the Light goes
text: on in Holly's. Presently Paul and 25 emerge from the
text: building. He gets her a cab, puts her in it and the
text: cab drives away. Pavl lights a cigarette anc stands fot
text: a moment, looking up at she building, a thoughtful,
text: troubled expression on his face. A wind is rising. A
text: piece of newspaper blows along the sidewalk making a
text: lonesome sound. As Paul looks upward he is suddenly
text: startled to see the lights go on in his own apartment.
text: With a kind of inaudible “what the hell?" he dashes
text: wack into the tuilding to investigate.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S APARTMENT - (NIGHT)
text: Paul bursts into the apartment. A single light burns.
text: ‘She fire escape window is open and the curtains are |
text: blowing. Holly, her hair disheveled and wearing a
text: raincoat is pouring herself a drink.
speaker_heading: ECLLY,
dialog: Eello...golly, I was afraié
dialog: you'd gone out scmewhere.
speaker_heading: PAUL :
dialog: What is 4t? ace you all right?
speaker_heading: ECLLY
dialog: I guess so. No, I'm not...
dialog: Listen, Fred...will you help me?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: if I cen...
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Iwant you to come to the bus
dialog: station with us..oc and me.
speaker_heading: Path
dialog: What?
scene_heading: ee : BREAZFAST AT TIFFANT'S él.
speaker_heading: Lol. (Cont!d)
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: I lmow it's late and everything...
text: She pours herself another drink.
speaker_heading: HOLLY (Cent 14)
dialog: He still thinks I'm going back ~
dialog: with him...I need support. I den's
dialog: think I can play the scene alone...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Look, it's none of my...I mean
dialog: I'd only...
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Please, Fred. I'll tell him you're
dialog: coming down to see us off...
text: Be starts to pretest further, but she stops him.
speaker_heading: HOLLY : .
dialog: Don't say anything. Just meet us
dialog: out front...in about five minutes...
dialog: please! .
text: With which she kisses him quickly on the cheek, finishes
text: ot . the rest of her drink in a nervous gulp and goes quick-.
text: ly out the window and dewn she fire escape. Paul watches
text: her go, pours himself a fast drink which he belts down,
text: shakes his head and.begins to put om his jacket.
speaker_heading: DISSCLVE TO:
scene_heading: 102. IT. BUS STATION - (LatE at NIGH?)
text: The bus terminal at 3th Street is a lonely place after
text: midnight. <A few people sleeping om benches. A crunk
dialog: or two. Ths o¢casional public address announcement of
text: buses leaving for far off and unlikely scundins places
text: echoes with mournful hollowness. As the PA System
text: tall Dec's bus, Doc, flanked by Paul and Soliy is
text: taking a worn valise out of a locker.
dialog: Doc
dialog: Come on, Iulumae...that's us.
dialog: Pav
speaker_heading: (Uneasiis)
dialog: Wry da't I see if ID can Sind
dialog: you something to read...
speaker_heading: aZ2260 (Continued)
dialog: ee
dialog: 102.
dialog: $=22-60
scene_heading: BREAKFAST AT TIF FANT'S 62,
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: HOLLT
dialog: Please, Fred. Don't leave me...
dialog: Dotes.
dialog: boc
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: ’ HOLLY
dialog: Doc...I'm not going with you.
dialog: Doc
dialog: Lolamee...
text: She takes bis arm and begins to walk him toward the
text: loading platform where the bus, now almost completely
text: loaded, is waiting.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Let's just walk together quietly...
dialog: and I'll try to help you wderstand...
dialog: Come on, Fred. Eelp me talk to him.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Doce.
dialog: Doc
dialog: (Gently)
dialog: That's all right, sm. I appreciate - .
dialog: you want to help. Sut it's between
dialog: Lulamae ami me...I love you, Lulamae...
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: I imow you do, And that's just the
dialog: trouble. It's a migtake-you always
dialog: made, Doc. Trying to love a wild
dialog: thing.
dialog: (To Paul) .
dialog: Ee was always lugging home wild
dialog: things. (Once it was a hawk with a
dialog: broken wing. Another time it was a
text: fullegrown wildcat with a broken leg.
dialog: Te Bec)
dialog: Remember, Doc?
dialog: Doc
dialog: Lulamae...
speaker_heading: ECLLY
dialog: Flease, Doc. Let me talk. You mustn's
dialog: give your heart to a wild thing. The
dialog: more you ac che stronger they get. Une
dialog: il Shey're strong enough to run into
dialog: the woeds. Or Sly into a tree. And
text: shen to a bigher tree. Then to the sky.
dialog: (Cent inned)
speaker_heading: Loz. (Cons! d)
dialog: $-22-60
text: SREARPAST AT TOFFANY'S 63.
text: They have passed through the gates and are mow
text: standing by the bus.
dialog: boc
dialog: Lulemae, there's something I
dialog: got to tell you...two weeks age
dialog: I bad a letter from young Fred...
speaker_heading: FOLLY
dialog: From Fred! Oh, Doc...is he all
dialog: tight? He is all right, isn's
dialog: he? Isn't Be?
dialog: Doc
dialog: Yeeh, he's fine, I guess. And
text: he's gittin’ out of the army in
dialog: February. That's what he wrote
dialog: to say.
text: Holly's eyes widen eas the full implication of the
text: news strikes home.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Fred? In February? That's
dialog: only... : : .
dialog: (Ske counts rapidly
dialog: on her fingers)
dialog: oo 000.6 tWO... Shree. Four
dialog: months...Oh, Doc... .
dialog: Doc
dialog: So you see, you got to come back,
dialog: Lulamae. Your place is with your
dialog: husband and your churren and your
dialog: brother.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Doe, you got to understanc...2
dialog: can't come back.
dialog: bec
dialog: And you got to understand
dialog: what I'm trying to tell you.
text: he final call for the tus echoes over the scene.
dialog: boc
dialog: (Continuing)
dialog: If you don't come Sack with me...
dialog: fim going to write to Fred anc tell
dialog: Sim less he wants to look cus for
dialog: bimsel’ ne better sign up for
dialog: another Riveh.
text: gp BREARFAST AT TOFFAanz's 6h.
speaker_heading: 102. (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: BOLLT
dialog: Den't you do that, Doc...don't
dialog: you write that to him...I'lt
dialog: write to him myself... tell
dialog: Bin I want him here with me...I'll
dialog: take care of him, Doc...don't you
dialog: worry about that...I'll take care
dialog: of him. : .
dialog: Doc
dialog: You're talkin! crezy, Lulamae.
speaker_heading: . HOLLY
dialog: Please, Doc, stop calling me that!
dialog: I'm not Lulamae anymore...
dialog: Doc
dialog: All right, Lulemae...I guess you
dialog: know what you're doing...
dialog: / (fo Paul) ~
dialog: Eeep an eye on her, will you, son?
dialog: At least see that she sats something
dialog: ones in @ while...she's so skinny...
text: He turns end quickly boards the bus. In a moment his’
text: face appears at a window. |.
speaker_heading: , BOLLT :
dialog: (Calling to Dec through
dialog: the window, although he_
dialog: camnot hear her)
dialog: Please, Dec, please understand!
dialog: I love you...but I'm just not
dialog: Lulamae anymore! I'm not! I'm nott
text: Te bus pulls out...for a moment Holly stands with
text: sears streaming down her face. Paul puts his ara
text: eround her, picks up her suitcase end leads her back
text: along the empty platfora.
speaker_heading: ECLLT
dialog: You know the terrible thing, Fred
dialog: darling? I am still Lulamae...
dialog: fourteen yeers old, stealing su>key
dialog: egss and rumming throush a tria>
dialog: patch...omly now, davling, = call
dialog: it baving the mean reds...
text: She pulls herself together after a moment.
speaker_heading: SOLE (Cent'4)
dialog: tts still a Listle early to go to
dialog: utfans's, So I guess the next dest
speaker_heading: $022—60 (Comtismed) —
dialog: 
dialog: i
dialog: 102.
dialog: 103.
dialog: Lok.
dialog: b=22+50
text: BREARPAST AT TIFFANZ'S $5.
dialog: Cont'd)
speaker_heading: HOLLY (Cont'd)
dialog: thing is a drink. Yes, I very,
dialog: very mich need a drink. Come on,
dialog: Pred, will you buy me one...
speaker_heading: PATL
dialog: Sure...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: IVT. BAR - (WIGHT)
text: A honky-tonk bar om Eighth Aveme in the West Forties,
dialog: Eolly and Paul at the bar. ‘They have been ‘here for
text: about three drinks, amc are deesly engrossed in
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Did you ever divorce him?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: iverce him? Of course I never
dialog: divorced him! i was only fourteen
dialog: for Pete's sake! It couldn’t pos-
dialog: sibly have been lecal! Darling,
dialog: could we have two more of these
dialog: ' glorieus things?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Let's walk a lit¢le. Then we'll
dialog: have some more...
speaker_heading: SOLLT
dialog: All risht...we'll pub-crawl om
dialog: way home, Sut darling, you've
dialog: to promise me one thing...you
dialog: won't take me home until I'm
dialog: @runk...umtil I'm very, very drunk
dialog: indeed...
speaker_heading: PAL
dialog: (2lmest tenderly)
dialog: Come on, let's get out of here...
speaker_heading: DISSCLYE TW:
dialog: 
text: They are walling east slong West Fifey-Second Street,
dialog: petween Sixth and Prom this point Zollr's con-
dialog: versation gracial me more light-headed.
dialog: 
dialog: Continua ned)
dialog: rok.
dialog: 105.
dialog: $222 460
scene_heading: BREARPAST aT TIFFANY'S 66.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: HOLLy
dialog: Dec mist be in the Blue Mountains
dialog: by now.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (Looks at bis watch)
dialog: By my calculations be is exactly
dialog: two miles south of Weehawken, New
speaker_heading: JaTseyoee
speaker_heading: ZOLLT
dialog: And this little pig want: wee wee
dialog: weebawken all the way bome...I think
dialog: we should have a drink to wish Dec
dialog: lnck..e
dialog: Toey have come abrsast of a garish strip joint, com-
text: ese with BLARING MUSIC from within and a SPSLING
text: OORMAN, Paul tries to ease her past it, -
speaker_heading: . PAUL
dialog: Not here, This is just a sucker
dialog: trep.
dialog: And I am Holly Golightly, the world's
dialog: mumber ome sucker, You kmow that br
dialog: now don't you, Fred darling...
text: She leads him into the joint.
speaker_heading: DISSOWE TO:
scene_heading: INP. SURI? JOINS - (MG=T)
text: A circular bar with small stage in the middle, MUSIC
text: BLARES and a young lady is remeving her clothes, Fanl
text: amd Holly are seated at the bar, It is Gark and noisy.
text: Holly, for the moment oblivicus of hsr surroundings, is
dialog: toasting:
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Dear Doc...aiways remember, it
dialog: better to look at she sky then
dialog: live shere, Such an empty piace...
dialog: the sky...dust a country where
text: thunder goes anc shines disappear...
text: A DRUM ROLL (of she sort that generally eccompanies
dialog: bumps anc grind nds) attracts her wanderin ton to
text: the stage. Ske renoves her scx glasses for a better
dialog: pook. They doth ssucy tbe yous “Laey fom a moment or
dialog: wwe.
dialog: 
scene_heading: mb BREARPAST AT TrFFamy's 67.
speaker_heading: 105. (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: Do you think she's talented?
dialog: Deeply and importantly talented?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: | Noeowo.,.amusingly and super
dialog: ficially talented —- yes. But
text: Geeply and impertantly, mo...
speaker_heading: EOLLT
dialog: I don't think she's deeply and
dialog: Amportantly talented eithe>...ds
dialog: @ matter of fact, I think T could
dialog: do what she's doing just as well.
dialog: If not better,
scene_heading: 106, zNr. STAGE = (PAUL'S & ROLLT'S POV) - (MiG=)
text: The youns lady is nearing the climax cf her act. She
text: pores her beck and undoes her tra, She starts to turn
dialog: ack, .
scene_heading: 107. INT. PAUL & HOLLY = (MIGHT)
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: Gracious!
dialog: . (after a moment)
dialog: De you think she is ‘handsomely
dialog: eo paid?
dialog: Pav
dialog: Indeed, I have been given to
dialog: understand that young ladies who
dialog: remove their clothes publicly to
dialog: mesic frequently makes thousends
dialog: of dollars a week...
dialog: Holly considers this with dmmken intensity 2
dialog: moment,
speaker_heading: EOLLy
dialog: Well, let me tell you something,
dialog: Mister. If I had her money Tid
dialog: be richer than she is!
dialog: Pach
dialog: Eow do you Siscre?
speaker_heading: ZcLiz
dialog: (With great eratii~
dialog: ness)
dialog: Because I'd ueep the ‘cancy storms...
speaker_heading: : (Cont: med)
dialog: $-22-50
dialog: 107.
dialog: 108,
dialog: $022-50
scene_heading: BHEAXFAST AT TIFFANT?S 68,
dialog: (Cont'd)
text: Faul looks blank,
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Old Sally Tomato, That's my
dialog: candy store, And I'm always
dialog: going to keep Sally so that's
dialog: wry I'd be richer than she is.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: _ Come on, I Shink wa better get
dialog: a@ little more air,.,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: STREET = (MIGHT)
text: They are walicing up the street, Folly clings to bin
text: ever so slightly for support, They are now passing
text: the iron gates of TwentyeOne, Eolly stops,
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: 'Twenty-One!' .,,world famous rendez-
dialog: vous of the great,..mesting place of
dialog: the famous.,,hammt of movie stars...
dialog: account executives and...
dialog: (Considers for a
dialog: moment ) :
dialog: eeeinternational polo players...
dialog: Shall we pop in for a quick one...
dialog: dust to see who's there...
text: PAUL . .
dialog: I think better not. Personally,
dialog: not. being an international pelo
dialog: player...are you surs polo players?
speaker_heading: BOLL
dialog: Figure of speech.
speaker_heading: PaoT
dialog: That's what I thought...
speaker_heading: FOLLY
dialog: Exactly..,aphorism..,om eupheumism
dialog: o> some of mism...anyway, it
dialog: may be Twenty-One to you...put you
dialog: imew what it is to me,..the mess
dialog: ball...theat's what I call it,..the
dialog: mess hali,..and yon-want to lmow way
dialog: ZI ocall it the mess hall...beceuse I
dialog: bave dinner there every night of mv
dialog: iife. Every Tom, Dick and Harry...
dialog: (Contimed)
speaker_heading: mb
dialog: 108,
speaker_heading: 5022-60
scene_heading: BESAZFAST AT TISFANZ'S 65,
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: EOLIY (Conttd)
dialog: nRo...commection,..every Tom, Dick
dialog: and Sid..,Harry was his 2riend...
dialog: also in the machine tool business,
dialog: however.,,dnyway, every Tom, Dick
dialog: and Sid thinks if he takes a girl
dialog: to Twenty-One for dinner she'll
text: faust curl up like a kitten in a litvle
dialog: furry ball at bis feet... Right?
speaker_heading: PADL
dialog: if you say so, TZou're she authority...
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: I have by actual count been taken
dialog: to Twenty-One by Swentyesixn different
dialog: rats in the last two months. Twenty-
dialog: seven, if you include Bemny Shacklett,
dialog: who is, in many weys, @ super-rat...
dialog: And do you lmew something funny? In
dialog: spite of the fact thas most of these
dialog: rats...or, in the case of Bemny .
dialog: Shacklett, sumererats, fork up fifsy
dialog: bucks for the powder room like little
dialog: dolis...I find I have, again by actual
dialog: count...mine dollars less in the old
dialog: bank account than I had six months
dialog: ago...And Fred gats out of the army -
dialog: in Februery...so there's not much time...
dialog: you see thet don't you Fred...there'’s
dialog: mot mech time...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
speaker_heading: EXT, BROWNSTONE = (MIGET)
text: Holly and Paul, she leanings even mere heavily on
text: him than before, come weaving up the block.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: wo so my dariitng rrec, I have
dialog: this might mace a very sexious
dialog: Gecision...no longer will I piay
text: "™he Field",.."The Fielded" stinks...
dialog: both economically ancé socially...
dialog: and lam giving it up...
text: TEE CAMERA moves with them as they meuns the steps
dialog: and enter the « .
scene_heading: BREARPAST aT TIFFANT'S 70.
speaker_heading: IT, VESTIBULE - (NIGHT)
text: Paul searches for his key but cannot find it,
text: Bolly does not bother to look for hers but simply
text: presses Yunioshi's bell, keeping her finger on is
text: until finally the door clicks open.
speaker_heading: HOLLIE
dialog: Goodbye "Field"...goodbye all ‘you
dialog: pats...and/or suver-rats as the
dialog: case may be.
text: At this point the door opens and Folly and Paul
dialog: ‘move into - :
speaker_heading: 6222-60
speaker_heading: INT, STAIRWAY ~ (NIGIT)
speaker_heading: BOLLT
dialog: (fo the door)
dialog: Thank you... And as Holly Golightly
text: sinks slowly into the West she
dialog: bids a fond Aleka to Tom, Dick
dialog: and Harry...mo...com, Dick.and
dialog: Sid...Zarry was bis friend...
text: is they weave their way up the stairs we hear over
text: her voice the irate cries of Mr. Yunioshi.
scene_heading: : MR. YUNIOSEI'S VOICE (0.s.)
dialog: Miss Golightly this time I will wo
dialog: -@all not only the police but
dialog: the Fire Department, the New.
dialog: York .State Eousing Commission
dialog: and if necessary the 3oard of
dialog: Eealth.
speaker_heading: EOULT
dialog: eseand my friend Miss Golightly
dialog: further announces...
dialog: {She suddenly becomes
dialog: -aware of Mr, Yunioshi's
text: voice. She beliows
dialog: ont sternly uP at him) te
dialog: et uD re! Zou want to wake
dialog: Zhe whole nouse! ~
text: Holly gets her key rom under the door mat, then
text: trugsles with it. Paul takes it rom her and
text: stily opens she door and pushes her into -
dialog: g4
scene_heading: TIT, SQLIY'S LIVENG ROOM - (NIGET)
text: Paul closes she door behind him, Ze switches on the
dialog: (Comsinued )
dialog: is
text: BREARPAST AT TIFFANY'S ‘Th.
speaker_heading: 122. (Cont'd)
dialog: 5-22-60
text: Light. The cat is sitting om a packing cass watch-
text: ing them, During the next speeches, Holly takes off
text: her raincoat and drops it on the floor, Paul picks
text: it up, locks for somewhere to hang it, realizes
text: there is no such place, and folds it neatly over a
text: packing case. Holly, lurching a little, finds the
text: whiskey bottle and pours herself a drink.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: As Miss Golightly was saying before
dialog: she was so rudely interrupted.,.Mias
text: Golightly further announces her
dialog: tention to devote her not-inconsi-
dialog: derable talents to the inmediate capture,
dialog: for the purposes of matrimony, of M.
dialog: Rutherford Rusty" to his friends,
dialog: of whom I am sure-he has many) Trawler...”
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: EOLLY :
text: Rusty Trawler. Tou met him at
dialog: my party a couple of weeks ago.
dialog: He came with Mag Wildwood...not
text: the beautiful Latinetype. The other
dialog: _ ones Tre one who looks like a pig. ~
text: She puffs out her cheeks by way of illustration.
speaker_heading: ‘HOLLY (eont'd)
dialog: Remember? The ninth richest man
dialog: in America under fifty-five?
text: She starts to pour more whiskey into her glass but
text: the bottle is empty - a fact she does not immedi-
dialog: ately notice. .
speaker_heading: ZOLLE
dialog: Ah! Do I detect a look of disapproval
dialog: in-your.eye? Tough beans, buddy, See
dialog: cause that's the way it's going to be.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You're drunk.
speaker_heading: . ECLLY
dialog: rus, Absolusely true. True but
dialog: ierelevens. So let's have a drink
dialog: to the mew Mes. Rusty Trawler. Me.
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BREAMFAST AT
dialog: SS
dialog: 
speaker_heading: POSTMAN
dialog: (Interested)
dialog: So you're Var jak?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That's right...
speaker_heading: POSTMAN
dialog: Been curious.,.seen your mame on
dialog: the box about six weeks now...and
dialog: in all that time there aint+ been
dialog: a single letter...not one.. not
dialog: even a bill...
speaker_heading: PATL
dialog: A couple of weeks ago ‘here was &
dialog: postcard addressed to: Occupant.
dialog: Doesn't that count? It said i? I
dialog: presented the card to my neighborhood
dialog: grocer, I'd get twenty cents off on
text: a box of an exciting new no-rinse
dialog: detergent called, i- believe, FLUC...
dialog: So, of course, I did...
speaker_heading: POSTMAN ,
dialog: Bow did you make out?
speaker_heading: PATL
dialog: (Gravely)
dialog: Not so good. My-neighberhood grocer
dialog: was kind of surly abous it, anc any-
dialog: way he said the offer was only good
dialog: for the Femtiy Size box...anc I
dialog: figured, you lmow,...c'm a cachelor
dialog: .eewhat do I want with the Faneay
dialog: Sizes..e3o the whole thing kind of
dialog: deteriorated...out...
speaker_heading: POSTMAN
dialog: Mr. Varjaki
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: POSTMAN
dialog: think the side nas begum ‘to turn...
dialog: Zow do you mean?
speaker_heading: etveri
dialog: a
dialog: ue
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: is
text: BREAKFAST AT TIFFANY'S 73.
speaker_heading: 123. (Cont'd)
dialog: ts
dialog: 3-22-60
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: For mej
speaker_heading: POSTMAN
dialog: Thetis right,
dialog: (Then with a certain
dialog: amount of ceremony)
dialog: Congratulations!
text: Ee hands Paul the letter. Paul holds i+ for a moment
text: and stares at it curiously. . :
speaker_heading: POSTMAN
dialog: Come on and open it! I cant’
dialog: stand the suspense...
text: Paul opens the envelope. It conteins a letter and a
text: check, Paul reads the letter eagerly.
scene_heading: DNSERT - TES LEtTiER
text: Om the letterhead of The Northwestern Review, it says;
dialog: "Dear Mr, Varjak: We are pleased to accept for
dialog: publication in our December issue your short story
dialog: entitled ‘City Girl'., Enelosed please find our check fer
dialog: fifty dollars. We regret that, as we are as you iknow,
dialog: & small literery magezine we cannot pey more; however,
dialog: we flatter ourselves by thinking that the prestige
dialog: attached to...” :
speaker_heading: INT, VESTIBULE = (DAY)
text: ‘Paul does not even bother to finish the letter. Ee
text: looks up, wildly elated....
speaker_heading: POSTMAN
dialog: Good news?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yeah, Yeah...maybe you're right...
dialog: maybe the tide is beginning to ‘turn...
text: He SLAPS the somewhat startled postmen heartily on the
text: back and dashes wildly tack into the house.
dialog: 
dialog: ts
dialog: axt.
dialog: = (az)
dialog: 
text: Paul takes ‘the stairs two at a time end cashes dack
dialog: up to =
dialog: is
dialog: 117.
dialog: 126.
dialog: “119
dialog: 120.
dialog: 5-22-60
scene_heading: INT, PAUL'S APARTMENT = (DAY)
dialog: 
text: Be bursts in, goes to the desk, sits down, >e-reads
dialog: the letter once more,,.sakes out She check,..looks
text: at it...puts it in his wallet...then picks up the
text: phone and dials a number.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (Into phone, after
dialog: a moment)
dialog: Mrs. F tock.. please...
dialog: (He suddenly checks
dialog: himsel?)
dialog: No, wait a minute, Forget it.
dialog: Wrong mumber...
text: He hangs up the phone. He picks up the letter...and
text: paces around the room. Ze is too excited. He has to
text: tell someone. He puts on his jacket and, still cazry-
text: ing the letter, goes out the door and -
speaker_heading: INT, STATRWSEL - (DAY)
dialog: Down the stairs to -
scene_heading: INT, HOLLY'sS DOOR = (DAL) .
text: He stands in front of the door for a moment. As he does
text: so, he looks down and sees the DAILY NEWS lying beside a
text: bottle of milk on Holly's doorstep, Ze finds the head-
text: line rivetting. + says: RUSTY TRAWLER TAEES FOURTS...
text: Eorrer-struck, he reaches slowly down and picks up ‘he
text: newspaper, Below the headline there is some smaller
text: print and a large picture. He studies it for a moment.
text: Mena grin spreads across his face, Then he begins
dialog: to laugh. .
scene_heading: INSERT - TEE NEWSPAPER
text: There is a large oicture of a fat, beaming Rusty
text: “pawler emerging rem a building. On his arm is an
text: equally fat, equally beaming female. The smaller
dialog: print reads: "Millionaire playboy Rutherfcrd tRusty!
dialog: Reawler eloped to Greenwich yesterday with Miicredc
dialog: Bertfera Waite, heiress to White Steamship fortune...”
dialog: $-22-60
scene_heading: BREAKFAST AT TIFFANZ'S 77.
scene_heading: INT HOLIY'S DOORWAY = (DAY)
text: Still laughing with relief, Paul RINGS Eolly's
text: buzzer. He waits and then RINGS again, Then a third
text: time. Finally the door opens a crack and Holly,
text: Sleep mask ‘pushed up, ear plugs in and holeing a
text: robe in front of her peers dazediy out.
speaker_heading: PAUL -
dialog: Hello...
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT = PAUL - (HOLLY'S ANGLE) = (DAT)
text: Ee ia quite clearly apologizing for walking her and in
dialog: general making very eloquent "Let's bury the hatehet"
dialog: moises, However, as in their first meeting, because
text: she still has her ear pings in, his lips move in
text: Silence, Holly struggles dimly to make out what he
text: is saying, toys briefly with the idea that she has
text: gone deaf overnight then, remembers and removes her
text: ear plugs. Pani comes in LOUD and CIZAR and in mide
dialog: sentence.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: oe-8crt of embarrassed about it,
dialog: really, but since it's about you
dialog: anyway, I shought I ought to tell
dialog: ‘you about it in persén... .
speaker_heading: what? EOLLY
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What? Ob, the plugs...you didn't...
dialog: well, oh heli, I can't go throush
dialog: the whole thing again...sufticient
dialog: to say I've come to make up....and,
dialog: as an added inducement, I've got
dialog: all kinds of news...Mey I come in?
speaker_heading: ROLLY
dialog: I guess so...let me see...do I
dialog: bave a nightgown on?
text: She looks down behind the cressing cown she is holet
text: in front of herselt.
dialog: &
speaker_heading: ECLEE
dialog: No, I dontt...00 you mind turning
dialog: around for a second.,.,o> never
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: mind...i5's such a cory 121i. ante
dialog: way...I'll turn aroud mysel.
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 122.
dialog: 123.
scene_heading: BREARFAST AT TIFPANY'S 78.
dialog: (Cont'd)
text: She turns and deftly gets into the robe as Paul closes
text: the door, The cas rubs up ageinst his legs.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Hi, Cat...
dialog: (To Holly)
dialog: Have you seen the papers?
dialog: By now, of course, they have moved into -
dialog: 
scene_heading: ~ FOLEY'S LIVING ROOM - (DAY)
text: Paul hands her the newspaper.
speaker_heading: HOLLT
dialog: Oh, you mean Rusty?...Yes, I know
dialog: all about it. I certainly bac hin
dialog: pegged wrongs, didn't I? I thought
dialog: he was just a rat. But I under-
dialog: estimated him, I did. He was a
dialog: supererat all along. A super-rat ~
dialog: in rat's clothing. It's hardly fair.
dialog: Fonestly, Fred darling...you were
dialog: absolutely tight about him from she
dialog: beginning. I should have listened
dialog: to you all along. And you don't even
dialog: know the bes} part. Wot only was he
dialog: a ret - or e@ supererat, rasser, but
dialog: he was also broke...
text: Paul's eyebrows go up.
speaker_heading: HOLLY (Cont'd)
dialog: Broke, I mean, but not a farsthing!
dialog: Eis family hes money, of course, Sut
dialog: he personally is broke. We had it
dialog: out the other night, and not only is
dialog: he broke but it turns out he owes
dialog: seven bundrec thousane dollars.
dialog: Anyway that's why ne decided to marry
dialog: the Queen of the Pig People...
dialog: 
text: They doth look at the photograph a moment nore.
speaker_heading: , ” HOLLY
dialog: Wouléa's you know a girl who looks
dialog: idke thet would be a steamship
dialog: heiress, whatever that is? Woulda't
dialog: it de woncéerful sthoush, if she's
dialog: really broke too. if they were
dialog: (Sonsinued)
speaker_heading: st ERSAKFAST AT TIF
dialog: 
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: 123. (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: EOLLY (Cont'd)
dialog: marrying each other for their money
dialog: and...but I suppose that's really
dialog: _, 300 much to hope for...
text: She tosses cown the paper,
speaker_heading: HOLLY (Cont'd)
dialog: Anyway, they were made for each
dialog: other and I hope they'll be tere
dialog: ribly haspy. Now what about you,
dialog: Pred darling? I've missed you.
dialog: Qur little midnight excursions up
dialog: and down the fire escape and every-
dialog: thing. I really have.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I've been working...As a matter of
dialog: fact, I sold a story...just got
dialog: word this morning. .
text: Be hands her the letter which dolly reads quickly.
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: Oh that's just marvelous...1%
dialog: “peally is...but...
dialog: .
speaker_heading: . FATL
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: EOLLY an
dialog: -Bow does your decorator friend feel
dialog: about it? I thought you were supposed
dialog: to be saving yourself and all shat.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You know something? I haven't quite
dialog: got around to telling her yet. Look,
dialog: why don't we go out and have a drink
dialog: or take a walk or something to cele-
dialog: brate...
speaker_heading: HOLLY -
dialog: ALl right..,I think there's some
dialog: champagne in the ice box...wLy
dialog: don's you open it while I get
dialog: dressec?
text: Be goes tc the icetdex end takes out the champagne.
dialog: $-22-60 (Continued)
dialog: ov
dialog: 123.
dialog: i124.
dialog: 125.
dialog: 6-22-60
dialog: .
text: EBREAEPAST AT TIFFANY'S 80.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: . PAUL
dialog: Okay. I don't think I've ever
dialog: drumk champagne before breakfast
dialog: before, With breakrast - yas.
dialog: On several occasions. But never
dialog: before.
scene_heading: oa EOLLY .
dialog: Now I've got a really wonderful
dialog: ideal We could spend the whole
dialog: day doing things we've never done
dialog: before. We'll take turns. First
dialog: something you've never done. Then
dialog: me. Of course, I can't really think
dialog: of anything I've never dene but...
text: At this point he works the champagne cork loose.
text: It goes off with a pop. As the CAMERA HOLDS on the
text: bubbling champagne -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FIFTS AVENUE AT S8T= STREET - (DAY)
text: It 4s a clear, sunny fall morning, brisk and beautiful.
dialog: The kind of day thet inspires such cliches as: "God,
dialog: how I love New York in the fall." Holly amd Paul are
text: walking band in hand down the Averue.
speaker_heading: . HOLLY
dialog: I've never been for a welk in the
dialog: morning before. At least not since
dialog: Itve been in New York. I've walked
dialog: up Fifth Avenue et six but as far as
dialog: I'm concerned that's still night.
dialog: So do you think it counts?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Sure it counts. Now we're even.
text: They have crossed 57th Street amd are sow stancing -
scene_heading: EXT. TIFFANZ'S - (DAY)
text: Holly stops anc leads him to the store wincow.
speaker_heading: EOLLT
dialog: Den't you just love 1%?
speaker_heading: PATI
dialog: Love what?
dialog: sv
dialog: 125.
dialog: §-22-60
text: BREAXFAST AT TOFFANZ'S Bi.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Tiffany's. I do. And it's not
dialog: that I give a hoot about jewelry.
dialog: Except diamonds of course.
dialog: (She points at a
dialog: dtemond necklace in
dialog: the window)
dialog: Like thet.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Very nice. You want to slip
dialog: it on?
text: Taking her gently by the shoulders he moves her so
text: that ber reflection in the glass places the ciamond
text: mecklace ground her neck.
speaker_heading: PacL
dialog: (After a moment)
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: ZOLLY
dialog: (Weighing her
dialog: answer with mock
dialog: seriousness)
dialog: No...no...l don't think so.
dialog: Actually I think it's tacky to -
dialog: waar diamonds before you're
dialog: forty. And even then it's
dialog: risky. They only look right on
dialog: the reelly old girls. Maria
text: Ouspenskaya. Wrinkles and bones
dialog: and white hair and diamonds...=
dialog: can't wait!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You kmow some thing?
speaker_heading: ROLLY
dialog: What? we
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I've never been inside. And it's
dialog: my turn. Anyway I want to buy you
dialog: & present.
speaker_heading: HCLLY
dialog: A presens?
dialog: Pach
dialog: 
dialog: en, remember?
dialog: I$ brought mse luck, so come on.
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: ee
dialog: 125.
dialog: 126.
dialog: $—2Z2=60
scene_heading: BREAKFAST 27 TIFFANT'S 82.
dialog: (Cont ta)
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: All right...but Tiffany's is
dialog: pretsy expensive...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well, let's see...
text: Ee goes through his pockets taking out several
dialog: wrinkled bills.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I've got...nine...ten dollars.
dialog: And my check of course.
speaker_heading: EOLLT
dialog: Iowom't let you cash your check.
dialog: But a present for ten dollars or
dialog: under...that I will accept. 02
dialog: course I don't know exactly what
dialog: we're going to find at Tiffany's
dialog: for ten dollars... -
text: Paul takes her firmly by the arm and marches her into -
speaker_heading: iNT. TIFFANT'S - (DAZ)
text: They are, in spite of themselves, if not exactly awed,
text: at least impressed. They lower their voices slightly.
scene_heading: . . EOLLY
dialog: Don't you just love it though?
dialog: You-see what I mean...how nothing
dialog: bad could ever happen in a place
dialog: like tnis.
dialog: A salesman who could pass as an ambassador to the
text: Coust of St. James, comes up.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: May I help you?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Maybe. Actually, we were looking
dialog: for a present for the lady.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: Certainly sir. Did you have
dialog: something special in mind?
speaker_heading: PaTL
dialog: Well, we had considered diamonds...
dialog: Now I don't want you to te offended
dialog: (Continued)
text: ee “BREAEFAST AT TIFFANY 'S . 83.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 126. (Cont '4)
speaker_heading: : PaUL (Cont'd)
dialog: eeebut the lady feels that diamonds
dialog: are...tacky.
speaker_heading: HOLL
dialog: I think they're divine on older
dialog: women but they wouldn't be right
dialog: for me. You understand?
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: Certainly.
speaker_heading: PAUL .
dialog: In all fairness, I think I ougst
dialog: to explain that there is also a
dialog: secondary problem. One of finance.
dialog: We can only afford to spend...well...
dialog: @ limited amount.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: May one ask how Limited?
speaker_heading: PAUL .
dialog: Ten dollars.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: Ten dollars?
speaker_heading: PAUL -
dialog: That was the outside figare. Yes.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: I see. .
speaker_heading: HOLLY .
dialog: Do you have anything for ten
dialog: dollars? ,
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: Frankly, Madame, within that price
dialog: range, I must say the variety of
dialog: merchandise is scmewhat limited...
dialog: put I think we do have...let me see...
dialog: as a novelty...you understand...
dialog: for the lady or gentleman who has
dialog: ezervthing...
text: Se produces from inside the case a small velvet dcx
text: ieb he opens.
speaker_heading: SADESHMAN
dialog: fourteen carat £012 toothpick.
dialog: + seven dollars fiftr. Flus tax.
dialog: Bo
dialog: 622-60 . (Continue )
dialog: ee
dialog: 126.
dialog: a 8h.
speaker_heading: (Cont td)
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (Dubiously)
dialog: A fourteen carat gold toothpick?
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: Yes, Sir. At seven dollars fifty,
dialog: plus tax.
speaker_heading: : PAUL
dialog: Well, the price is right but I
dialog: must say...I had rather hoped far
dialog: something slightly mcre...how
dialog: shall I say it...romantvic in
dialog: feeling.
dialog: (To Eolly)
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Well, ub...as toothpicks go...
dialog: it certainly is handsome tut...
dialog: You do understanc?
speaker_heading: SALESMAN.
dialog: Ido. Personally, spesking only
dialog: for myself of course, I must say
dialog: I find the very concept of a solid
dialog: gold toothpick scomewhat...repelient.
speaker_heading: Path
dialog: What else could you show us?
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: I am very much afraid, Sir, that
dialog: the gold toothpick is cur only
dialog: under-tene-dollar item.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well, we sried...but I guess...
text: Something catches his eye. Se nudges Zoliy and points.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Bey, Lookes.
text: Ee 1s pointing to a discreet sign on the counter that
text: reads: "Monogramming, Ten Dollars Excra.™
dialog: b-22-69
speaker_heading: PauL :
dialog: We could have something moncoszarmec,
dialog: couldn't we?
speaker_heading: SaLZsmMay
dialog: (Thought fully)
dialog: I surpese so...7es, indeed, Sut the
dialog: _ 126,
scene_heading: SREARFPAST £7 TIFFANT?S . 85.
dialog: (Cont'd) .
speaker_heading: SATSSMAN (Cont'd)
dialog: moblem is...you would more or less
dialog: 278 to buy some shing first. If
dialog: only in order to bavs an object on
dialog: which the monogwam could be placed.
dialog: You see she ditticulty...
text: Paul is going through kis peckets, He mow comes upon:
dialog: the ring from the Crackerjack boz,
speaker_heading: PauL
dialog: How about this...we could have i$
dialog: monogramed,, .right bere,..I think
dialog: % would be very smart,
text: He hands the ring to the salesman, who examines it
dialog: quickly,
speaker_heading: SALESMAN:
dialog: This was not, I take it, purchased
dialog: at Tiffany's?
speaker_heading: “PAUL
dialog: No,.-actuslly is was purchased
dialog: concurrent with...om rather came
text: inside of,..weil...a bex of Crackerjack.
speaker_heading: : SALESMAN
dialog: I see. . ‘
text: Ee studies the ring thoughtfully for some time,
speaker_heading: SALESMAY
dialog: De they really still put prizes in
dialog: Cracksrjack boxes? a
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Ob yes.
dialog: Salesman
dialog: That's good to know. It gives
dialog: ome a feeling of solidarity...2%
dialog: continuity with the past and that
dialog: sort of thing.
speaker_heading: EOLIT
dialog: Do you think Tétfany's would really
dialog: monogram it for us? You dontt think
dialog: shey'd 2eel it was dDeneath them or
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: SATESMAN
dialog: You will 2ind, Madame, that Tictftany'ts
dialog: is very understanding. If you will
dialog: (Contimed)
dialog: (127. °
dialog: $022 280
scene_heading: BREARFAST af TIErany:s 86,
dialog: (Conta) oo
speaker_heading: SALESMAN (Cont'd)
dialog: tell me what initials you would like,
dialog: I believe we could have 1% ready for
dialog: you in the morning.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: To Paul)
dialog: Didn's I tell you this was a icvely ’
dialog: place,
dialog: 3
text: Impulsively she isanms across the counter end kisses
text: the salesman on the cheek, He is rather more pleased
dialog: by this than shocked,
speaker_heading: SMAN
dialog: Very well, Madame, Now if you would
dialog: step upstairs with ms, we can discuss
dialog: the style of the lettering. I myseif
dialog: lean toward the conservative Old
dialog: English, Eowever, there are a mumber
dialog: ef modern designs that many find...
text: As he leads them away <
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: ‘EQ, FIFTE AVENUE av LSND STREET = (DAZ)
text: Paul and Eolly are crossing 2nd Street on the west
dialog: side of the Averme, They still bold bands and, while
text: they are beginning to weaken physically, their bigh
dialog: spirits remain unabated,
dialog: SOLLY™
dialog: celts, my feet Emrt, Maybe we
dialog: should sit down somewhere.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Okay.
text: Ee takes her arm and leads her up the steps of the
dialog: Public Litrary.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Waere are we going?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You wantsé to sit down.
speaker_heading: =0LLZ
dialog: What is this place, anyway?
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 127.
dialog: 128,
dialog: 12S.
scene_heading: BRRASPAST AT TIFFANT'S 87.
speaker_heading: (Cont td)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: The Public Library, You've
dialog: neveree.?
text: She shakes her heac.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: That's two for me! Come on,
text: Letts foes.
text: They mount gaily up the steps.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: ————————
speaker_heading: EOCLLY
dialog: . (Looking around curiously)
dialog: I don't see any books.
speaker_heading: -PAUL
dialog: Each one of those little drawers
text: is stuffed with little cards and
dialog: each little card is either a book
dialog: . or an author,
speaker_heading: HOLL
dialog: I think that's just fascinating.
text: She moves along the wall of the cardefiles searching
text: for something, She finds the "V's", then the proper
text: drawers, pulls it out, searches a moment longer and
text: then finds a card,
scene_heading: INT. CARD-FILE ROOM = FUSLIC LIBRARY - (DAT)
speaker_heading: HOLLY .
dialog: Leek! Isn't it marvelous! There
dialog: you are right in the Public
dialog: Library: "Varjak, Paul. NIZE
dialog: STORIES." And shen a lot of
dialog: mumbers, You think they really
dialog: have the book itself? Live?
text: Paul grins, pulls out the card and starts towards
dialog: the cage.
speaker_heading: DISSCLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. EEgDING Beow - (DAY)
dialog: sam
speaker_heading: Path
dialog: (Whisperins)
dialog: New when our sumber lights up,
dialog: (Contimed
scene_heading: mb BREASFAST AT TIFFAry'S 88,
dialog: 
dialog: 125. (Const) .
speaker_heading: PATL (Cont!¢)
dialog: you just go to the desk anc pick
dialog: up the book, That's all there is
dialog: to it.
text: A member flashes on the board,
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Twentyeseven, That's us,
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: This is exciting.
text: They go up to the cage,
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (To librarian)
dialog: Number twenty-seven please,
dialog: STORTES by Varjak, Paul,
text: The librarian wordlessly hands her the book.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (Very chatty)
dialog: Did yee ever read it? It’s
dialog: absolutely marvelous...
speaker_heading: LIBRARIAN
dialog: No, I'm afraid I...
speaker_heading: EOLLZ
dialog: Well, you shenld,
dialog: (Zodseat! ing Peul)
dialog: Ee wrote it. Eets Varjak, Pacl.
dialog: In person,
text: The Librarian is deeply unimpressed by this intelligence,
text: Paul is embarrassed,
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Zelly, please!
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: (Indi gnantly)
dialog: She doesn't believe me, Show
dialog: her your criver's license, or
dialog: your Diner's Club card or soms=
dialog: thing.
dialog: (to Librarien)
dialog: Bonest, He really 2s she avther
dialog: Cress oy heart and iiss xy ei tbowi
dialog: $-22-5¢ (Continued)
speaker_heading: 6222450
text: BREAZPAST AT TIFFANY'S &o.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: LISRARTAN © .
dialog: Would you eindly lower your voice,
dialog: Miss?
text: Holly is struck with a sudden thought. She picks up
text: the book and bands it to Paul. .
speaker_heading: ZOLLT
dialog: Wey don't you auvogreph it fer
dialog: then?
dialog: {fo Librarian)
dialog: Don't yeu think that would be nice?
dialog: Sort of make 4% more personal...
speaker_heading: . LISRARTAN
dialog: Really, Miss, I mst insist that
dialog: Teese
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (To Paul)
dialog: Go ahead. Don't be so stuck up!
dialog: Autograph it for then, .
text: Pacl, suddenly amusec, gets over his embarrassment and
dialog: falls inte the spirit of the game,
speaker_heading: “PAUL
dialog: All right. What do you think I>
dialog: should say? . .
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: Something. sentimental, I think.
text: Paul picks up the book and begins to write in the
dialog: flyleaf,
dialog: “
speaker_heading: LIBRARTAN
dialog: Woat are you doins? Stop i+3
dialog: You're defacing public property...
text: Paul finishes writing and pushes the bock toward the
dialog: Librarian,
speaker_heading: EOLLT
dialog: (To Librerian)
dialog: All right, if thatts the way you
dialog: Zeal about 1t1
dialog: (To Paul}
dialog: Come on, Fred darling, let's get
dialog: out of here, I Gon't think this
dialog: place is bait es ice as Tiffany's!
dialog: (Comtimed)
dialog: is
scene_heading: BREAXFAST AT TIFFANT'S 90.
speaker_heading: 129. (Cont'd)
dialog: 130.
text: She takes his arm and they move off, The CAMBRA STAYS
text: for a moment on the somewhat bewildered Litrarian who
text: looks curiously down at what Paul has written.
speaker_heading: LISRARIAD
dialog: (Reading aloud)
dialog: mo the New York Public Libra>y--
dialog: In memory of those glorious, svar
dialog: drenched Bermuda nights. Tour
dialog: friend, Varjak, Paul."
text: Ber stuffiness collapses and she at last permits her-
text: self a slight, librarian-type smile.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: SXT, TETRD AVENUE - (LATS AFTERYOON)
text: It gets dark early on Qetober afternoons in New York.
text: Dusk has begun to fall. The street lights have just
dialog: come on, Paul end Eolly, more subdued now, are walk"
text: dng homeward, They are passing Woolwerth's. Suddenly
text: Helly stops.
speaker_heading: . ROLLY
dialog: Wait a minute...did you ever
dialog: steal anyching from the Five
dialog: and Ten? When you were a iid,
dialog: I mean?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (Considers this
dialog: for a moment)
dialog: -No; I was the sensitive, bookish
dialog: type. Content to lie in the tall
dialog: grass and dream my deems. Did you?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: tused to, I mean I bad to. IF
dialog: I wanted anything, But I still do
dialog: it every now and then. Sort of to
dialog: keep my hand in.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well, I don't think we...
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Come om. Don‘? be chicken.
dialog: Anyway you've never cone it,
dialog: and it's your turn.
dialog: Paul allows himself to be lead into <
dialog: is
dialog: 131.
dialog: 132.
dialog: 5-22-60
text: BREAZPAST AT TIFFANY’S gi.
scene_heading: INT. FIVE AND TEN + (LATE APTERKNOON)
text: Ags it is October, Halloween masks end veer purpkins
text: are featured, This sequence, played entirely without
dialog: dialogue, should be acted and photographed exactly as
text: if i¢ were the climax of RITIFI. It starts as a game
text: but gradually builds its own, very genuine tension.
dialog: Paults fear of public é¢isgrace if they are detected
dialog: is enough to give the whole thing a very real edge.
text: Eolly is cleerly the leader, Eer eyes zo ereftily
text: from side to side, casing the store. Sweat begins to
text: break out on Paul's forehead. Holly indicates with
text: her eyes that they will try for a bowl of goldfish,
text: Paul, terrified, pantomimes that this is really soo
text: ambitious, Holly stalks the goldfish, indicating in
text: pantomime that Paul will conceal them, powl of water
text: and all, under his jacket. She edges closer and
text: closer to the goldfish. As she is about to strike
text: she feels tne steely eye of a floorewalke> upon her.
text: Paul and Holly (overeacting violently) pantomime
text: extreme innocence and move on. They head toward 4
text: counter where the attention of the salesgirl is held
text: by a group of nuns trying on Zalloween mesks, Moving
dialog: with great daring and purity of line, Holly selects &
text: mask and puts it on, She selects another and puts it
text: om Paul. Sy this time Paul is ready to mum for it.
text: Bis eyes, throush the mask, show panic. Holly studies
text: him for a’moment. She is clearly dissatisfied with
text: the selection, She removes his mask and replaces it
text: with a different one. Satisfied now, she takes his
text: hand and they walk casually toward the door. The
text: tension mounts, but they make their getaway. A
dialog: moment later they-are safely on -.-
scene_heading: EXT, TETRD AVENUE SIDEWALE - (LATS AFTERNOON)
text: Laughing wildly with relief, they begin to run up
text: the block, Om the sorner shey see a policeman.
text: Paul freezes but Holly ‘takes his hand and they keep
text: romming. As they pass the cop, Holly says: F200™)
text: Tae policeman laughs. They laugh. And continue
dialog: running.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT, BROWNSTONE © (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: StLll wearing the masks and, exhausted now from sun-
text: ning and laughing, they each the door. Eend in head
text: they mount the steps and enter -
dialog: is
dialog: 13u.
dialog: 135.
dialog: 136.
dialog: 137-
text: BREAEFAST AT TIFFANT'S . $2.
scene_heading: “INT VESTIBULE - (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: Automatically, Holly's finger starts for Mr, Yunioshi's
text: bell. Paul stops her. They search for sheir keys and
text: for the first time in history, both find them. The
text: enormous unlikithood of this sets the laughter off
text: once again. They open the door and, still laughing,
dialog: start up the ~« .
scene_heading: INT, STAIRS - (LATE APTERNOCN)
text: TES CAMERA FOLLOWS them as they climb the stairs to
text: Paul's door which he opens. They enter =
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S APARTMENT - (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: Paul closes the door gently behind them.
text: For a moment they stand loolctng at each other through
text: their maska. Their laughter gradually subsides.
text: There is a sudden moment of what is almost awkwardness.
text: They are standing very clese together now. The silence
text: 8 finally broken by Holly. Her voice is very small
dialog: deed.
speaker_heading: HOLLY .
dialog: I just thought of something that
dialog: neither of us has ever done. At
dialog: least not together...
text: *Still wearing the masks, they move easily and sénderly
text: into each others arms.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT: ,
speaker_heading: PADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S APARTMENT - (DAT)
text: Daylight streams through the window. Paul is scill
text: - asleep, Eis mask hangs over she bedpost. As tha
text: light hits bis eyes he blinks slightly then, quickly,
text: comes awake. He sits bolt upright in bed. He looks
text: around, The room is empty. Tae fire escane window
text: is open and the curtains are blowing. Ecliy's mask
text: lies on the floor, Se reaches to the floor, pulls on
text: @ robe and struggles out of bed. Ee sees the mask,
text: moves the open window, smiles and, whistling a listie,
text: heads for the bashroom
dialog: 
dialog: 139.
dialog: 140,
dialog: 141.
text: BREAZFAST AT TEFFANZ'S og.
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S APARTMENT - (DAY)
text: Paul, nis hair wet and newly combed, comes out of whe
text: bathroom. He wears a shirt, srousers, shoes and socks.
text: Ee goes to the bedpost, umhooks his mask and, carrying
text: it with him, goes quickly to the door, opens it ané
text: goes out.
speaker_heading: INT, STAIRS - (DAY)
text: Peul races down the stairs to -
scene_heading: INT. FOLLY'S DOOR - (DAZ)
text: A milk bottle and newspaper are om the doorstop. He
text: hesitates a moment, smiles, holds his mask up to his
text: face and rings the bell. He rings it again. And
dialog: again. And again. And again. As there is, quite
text: clearly, no answer he looks down under the écermat for
text: .the key. It's not there. Slightly alarmed now be
dialog: races up -
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS - (DAT)
dialog: _ And into -
dialog: 142.
dialog: 143.
dialog: 6-22-E0
scene_heading: INT. PAUL'S APART - (DAY)
text: Still carrying the mask he closes the coor behing his.
text: Be goes throush the fire escape window anc clints out"
dialog: ‘onto -
speaker_heading: EX™. FIRE ESCAPE - (DAY)
text: He climbs down the Sire escape to Holly's windew. Ee
text: tries the windew but finds it is locked, Frustraved
text: for a moment, ke looks cautiously around to make sure
text: that he is unobserved, then he takes off a shoe and
text: breaks the window. He reaches through the broken glass,
text: wmioeks the window, raises it and climbs into -
scene_heading: TNT, EOLLY'§ BATEROOM - (DAT)
text: Ze crosses and gently opens the bathroom coor and
dialog: peers into -
dialog: cz
dialog: 145.
dialog: 146.
dialog: 147.
text: BREAKFAST AT TIFPANY'S 94.
scene_heading: INT. ZOLEY'S SEDROON - (DAT)
text: It is empty and the bed has not been slept in. Ze
text: goes through the bedroom, anc out into -
scene_heading: INT. EOLLY'S LIVING ROOM - (DAT)
text: The living room too is empty except for the Cat who
text: ts seated with a rather patient expression on his face
text: near an empty ¢ish on the floor. As Paul enters the
text: Cat looks up and-meows.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: EL Cat, Is the lady of the
dialog: house at home?
text: The Cat meows. Then meows again.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What's the matter? Hungry?
text: Ee goes to the front door, opens it ea erack enc reaches
dialog: around bringing in the milk and the newspapers. Be
text: closes the door agein, then pours some milk into the
text: Cat's dish, and puts the milk away in the icebox.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Okey, where is ‘she?
text: The Cat, busy with its breakfast, ignores hin.
speaker_heading: "PAUL
dialog: So you won't talk, huh? Okey
dialog: if that's the way you want to
dialog: play it...¥hen the lady gets
dialog: back tell her Mr. Varjak called.
text: He goes once more to the front door, stealthily opens
text: 46 to leave. Something startles hin. Be ducks quickly
text: back inside anc peers out.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS - (PAUL'S POV) - (DAZ}
text: oF ts mounting the stairs towards his apartment.
scene_heading: TNT. RCLEY'S APARTMEME - (DAY)
speaker_heading: = ECLSZ
text: Se hastily closes she docr anc deshes back toward -
scene_heading: INT, EQLLY'S SEDROOM - (DAT)
dialog: And into -
dialog: isl.
dialog: $-22-80
scene_heading: STAT TIFFANZ'S 95.
dialog: ta
dialog: at
dialog: 4
dialog: rj
dialog: se
scene_heading: INT. EOLLY'S SATEROOM - (DAY)
dialog: And out the window end up -
dialog: Ey.
speaker_heading: T. FIRE ESCAPE ~ (DAY)
text: Ané back through his window into -
scene_heading: INT, PAUL'S APARTMENT - (DAZ)
text: Tee door buzzer is ringing. He goes quickly to the
text: door and opens it, admitscing 25. ,
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (A trifle breathless)
dialog: I'm sorry...were you ringing long?
dialog: I was inside getting dressed... :
text: Simultaneously they both notice that he is sili
text: holding Holly's mask in his bend. He is somewhat
text: embarrassed but attempting to be casual, puts it on.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Trick or treat?
text: 2@ laughs and for a moment the tension is broken.
dialog: os :
dialog: You're crasy. You know that, :
dialog: éon't you? But I leve you anywey...,
text: She moves toward him to be kissed.
speaker_heading: PAUL
speaker_heading: ZS see
dialog: 25
dialog: (Noticing something
dialog: in his voice) ©
dialog: Tes?
speaker_heading: PACL
dialog: I've got to talk to you.
dialog: if this is geing tc be 2 serious
dialog: éiseussion..,ané suddenly 2 am
dialog: serridly afraid it is...you're
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: is
text: BREARFAST AT TIFPANY'S ” 96.
dialog: 152. (Cont'd) .
dialog: 6=222260
speaker_heading: ZS (Cont'd)
dialog: going to have to sake off that
dialog: ridiculous mask. Or else I?m going
dialog: to have to wear one tcde..
text: She picks up the other mask from the desk and starts
text: to put it on, Paul quickly takea off bis mask and
text: takes Eolly's mask from her nanc.
speaker_heading: ~ PAUL
dialog: No, please...look...Z...
text: There is a long, agonized pause.
dialog: Zz :
dialog: 'You don't know how to sell me
dialog: this but...!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (Overlapping }
dialog: Tidon't kmow how to tell you
dialog: this but...
dialog: ~ =
dialog: Maybe we had better put on the
dialog: masks. I don't know you, Panl.
dialog: I suddenly don't kmow your face
dialog: at all. - - .
text: She starts to put on the mask.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Damm it! Take that off...
dialog: z
dialog: Carling? What's
dialog: What is it,
dialog: the matter?
text: She looks curiously around the room, her eyes take
text: dn the two masks and she sumpled ded.
dialog: z
dialog: Girl trouble? Is shat it, derlins?
text: Pank does not answer, but he does mot deny it
dialog: either.
dialog: a
dialog: Iosee, Well, that's mot so serious.
dialog: As a ster of fact Itve been ex-
dialog: peesizg it. Ican't say = Like it,
dialog: bus I've been expecting it. ano
dialog: is sne?
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: rs
speaker_heading: 152. (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: BREARS,
dialog: 
dialog: 97.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FAUL
dialog: She's get nothing to do with it.
dialog: This is between you and me.
dialog: Zz
dialog: Oh. Then it ig serious. Well now...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: 2...you're a very stylish girl.
dialog: Can't we.end this stylishly?
dialog: End it?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Yes. .
dialog: z
dialog: Gracious!
text: (She laughs. It is a
dialog: .forced, far from humorous
dialog: laugh)
dialog: I do believe love has found Andy
dialog: Hardy. I mist say it all seems just
dialog: g@ little out of character. Who ts she,
dialog: Paul...a weitress? A shop girl? Or
dialog: no...that wouldn't be your game, would
dialog: it? You're a romantic, but not all thet
dialog: much of a romantic. She'd have to be
dialog: someone rich, wouldn't she, Paul?
dialog: Someone who coule help you...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Curtously enough, she's a very sweet,
text: very frightened girl who can't help
dialog: amyone, not even herself, The thing
dialog: is, she's someone I can help. And
dialog: it's a nice feeling. For a change.
dialog: z
dialog: All riget., I understand...
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: I'll tell you what, Paul. I ama
dialog: very stylish girl...
text: She takes a checkbook out of her purse and starts
dialog: to write a check.
speaker_heading: : PATL
dialog: What ate you dcing?
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: is
speaker_heading: 152. (Cont'd)
scene_heading: BEEARTAST AT TIFPaNz's 98.
dialog: a
dialog: Weiting you a check. Don's look
dialog: so bewildered. Surely you've noticed
dialog: me writing checks before.
dialog: {She drops it on the
text: “desk in front of hin)
dialog: Here you are..."Pay to the order cf
dialog: Paul Varjak...one thousand dollars.”
text: (Faul looks at her
dialog: ‘blankiy)
dialog: Take her away somewhere for 2 week.
dialog: Get ner out of your system. No,
dialog: really, you've been with me over a
dialog: year now, Paul. You're sntitlecto
dialog: a week's vacation with par.
text: -Paul's face goes white.
dialog: on :
dialog: (Continuing)
dialog: It's simply a matter of fair labor
dialog: practice, darling. If you were
dialog: really smart, what you'd do is get
text: some of the other boys-together and
dialog: organize a unten, ‘A sort of Gigolo's
dialog: Guild. That way you'd get all the -
dialog: fringe benefits...bhospitalization...
dialog: _ & pension plan...and unemployment
dialog: insurance when you're between...how
dialog: shall I put 10?...engagements.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'll always be grateful to you for
dialog: making this so easy for me. I won't
dialog: stay and pack now, ‘There's something
dialog: I have to do first, But I'll be out
dialog: of here by tomignt. . .-
dialog: a
dialog: Don't be ridiculous, darling. Take
dialog: the-check and cali your girl...
text: Paul goes to the closet, opens it and takes out bis
dialog: jacket (the one he was wearing at his first en-
dialog: trance.)
dialog: $-22-60
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Mo thanks...
dialog: (Patting his breast pocket)
dialog: Z Bave a check cf my own, Jct es
dialog: grand as yours... itty dollars,
dialog: actually...5ut ali mine,
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 152.
dialog: 153.
dialog: 15h.
dialog: 155.
scene_heading: BREAKFAST AT TIF FAaNy's 99.
dialog: (Cont'd) , .
speaker_heading: PAUL (Cont'd)
dialog: (Indicating the closet
dialog: full of clothes)
dialog: When you get yourself a new
dialog: writer to help, try to find one
dialog: my size. That way you won't even
dialog: have to bother shortening the
dialog: sleeves.
text: Ee slams out the door,
speaker_heading: DISSCLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXD. BROWNSTONE - (DAY)
text: Paul comes cut the door and down the steps. His face
text: is still centorted with anger. At the bottom of the
text: steps he pauses, lights a cigarette, looks back at the
text: house, grins and then, somehow, purged and suddenly
text: free,he begins to walk briskly up the s treet.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: EXD, TIFFANZ'’S ~ (Daz)
text: “Paul emerges “from Tiffany's. He holds in bis hand
text: @ small velvet box. He stops for.a moment on the
text: crowded sidewalk, opens the box, looks at it and
text: smiles again.
scene_heading: INSERT - THE 30x
text: Inside the rec plush box, resting en_a white satin
text: liming ts the Crackerjack ring with "E.G." in old
text: English lettering engraved cm she front. He snaps the
text: box shut.
speaker_heading: EXD, PIFTE AVENUE - (DAZ)
text: Faul slips the box into his pockes and begins to walk
text: Rather more aimlessly now down Fifth Avenue. Suddenly,
text: something aheac catches his eye.
scene_heading: A GISL'S BACK - (PAUL'S PCV) = Oar)
dialog: inued)
dialog: i:
dialog: Sen
scene_heading: ee . BHEARYAST AT TIFFARE’S loo.
speaker_heading: 157. (Cont'd)
dialog: 
text: Ahead of him on the sidewalk, moving cuickly througn
text: the crowd, we see the back cf a tall, skinny girl
text: walking fast and straight.
scene_heading: 158. EXT. FIPTE AVENUE - (DAY)
text: Paul quickens his pace, breaks into a trot anc catches
text: up with her. As he comes abreast of her both he and
text: THE CAMERA see that it is mot Holly. Disappointed,
text: he continues to walk down Fifth Avenue.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: 159. EXD. FUSLIC LISRARY - (DAZ)
text: Paul, still more or less wandering aimlessly, looks
text: up and is rather surprised to see where his feet have
text: led him. With a shrug, as if he were bowing to the
text: inevitable, he mounts the library steps.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: 160. Dm. PUBLIC LIBRARY - (DAY) .
text: Paul, not quite aware that he ‘is retracing the
text: route of yesterday, wanders toward the Seading Room.
text: Ee glances in the docr ami then reacts -
scene_heading: 161. DUD. READING ROOM - (PAUL'S POV) = (DAZ)
text: Across the room, at one of the large tables, is Eolly.
text: She sits behinc her dark glasses and a fortress of
text: literature. She is concentrating fiercely, speeding
dialog: from one book to ancther. Shs bas a pad anc sencil and
text: makes an occasional note.
scene_heading: 162, CLOSE SECT - PAUL
text: Ee smiles, touched by the unlikely juxtaposition of
dialog: Heliy and books.
scene_heading: 263. DM. HEaDaG Roos - (Day)
text: Faul moves cuietly across she zcom, goes up behind Eeliy
text: and looks curisusly over her shculder to see what she
text: is reading. Spread out before her cn the table is a
speaker_heading: Se22-86 (Continued)
dialog: 165.
dialog: 2
dialog: 5+22-60
scene_heading: BREAKFAST AT TIFFANY'S
dialog: ray
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: re
dialog: (Cont'd)
dialog: variety of reference docks, ail dealing, it seems, with
scene_heading: South America. Such titles as: TS POLITICAL MIND OF
scene_heading: SOUTH AMERICA, BY-WAYS OF BRAZIL, SOUTH AMERICA -
text: LAND OF WEALTH AND PROMISE, etc.
speaker_heading: CLOSE SHOT - PAUL - (DAZ)
text: He is baffled by her choice of research meterial, Sut
text: still amused by her concentration anc industry.
scene_heading: INT, READING ZOOM - (DAY)
text: Ee moves quietly around the table and drops into an
text: empty seat directly across from her. Ee watches her
text: for a moment before he speaks.
speaker_heading: ~ PAUL’
dialog: * (Walspering)
dialog: EL..., .
text: Holly looks up startled. She stares uncomprehendingly
text: at him. Then an expression of panic Zlickers across
text: her face. A moment later she is back in control.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (Whispering) .
dialog: _ What do you want?
speaker_heading: . PAUL
dialog: (Whispering)
dialog: I want to talk to you!
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: (Whispering)
dialog: I'm busy...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (Whispering)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: (Whispering)
dialog: Reading... :
text: Paul reaches across the table and pulis one of the
text: books toward bim examining the sitie curicusiy.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (Weisperins) .
scene_heading: SSRICA - LAND OF WEALTE
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: ee BREAKFAST AT TIFFANY'S 102.
speaker_heading: 165, (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: (Whispering)
dialog: It's interesting...
speaker_heading: PavL
dialog: (Whispering)
dialog: Come on, let's get out of here!
dialog: (Zolly shakes her
dialog: head; a little
dialog: louder)
dialog: I said let's get out of here...
dialog: Iwant to talk to you!
text: Several heads begin now to pop up around them. The
text: SOUND of SHEZE-LiG can now be heard.
dialog: Paul,
dialog: What's the matter with you any-
dialog: way. What's happened?
scene_heading: EOLLY ..-
dialog: Will you please just let ma alone!
dialog: More shhhhheing,.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (Exploding - full e
dialog: . voice oe
dialog: . . I will like hell! Zoliv, I love
dialog: qous
text: Heads now pop up all over the room, There is a deaf-
text: ening cherus of SHEEEHE's, Then an earesplitting
text: serape as Holly pushes back her chair and gets up.
text: Paul pushes back bis chair and goes after her, She
text: is peers across the room toward a decor marked
text: "Ladies", About half way there Paul catches her by
text: the arm. The cenversation continues in feverish
dialog: whispers.
dialog: Paul
dialog: Where do you vhink you're going?
speaker_heading: . EOLLY
dialog: To the Ladies Rocm.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Darling, what is 1%?
speaker_heading: ZCLIZ
dialog: (Flaring up for a
dialog: moment
dialog: Let me gos
dialog: $=22-60 (Continued)
dialog: 1é5.
dialog: §+22-60
scene_heading: BREAKFAST AT TIFFANY'S 103.
dialog: (Cont'd) -
text: Then her bravedo collapses end she begins to cry
speaker_heading: FOLLY
dialog: Please, Fred, let me go...
speaker_heading: PAUL .
dialog: Let's get something straight right
dialog: now! I am not now, nor have I ever
dialog: been, Fred! Neither an I Benny
dialog: Shacklett. Whoever he may be. I'm
dialog: Paul! Paul Varjak! And i love you!
speaker_heading: HOLIY
dialog: (Struggling)
dialog: tet me go...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Not till we set this settled. Let's
dialog: start at the beginning, For instance,
dialog: what's all this jazz about Soutr
dialog: America? : .
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: I thousht...i2 I'm going to marry @
dialog: South American...I'd better find
dialog: out something about the country...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Marry what South American?
speaker_heading: , HOLLY c
dialog: Jose.ss
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Who? :
speaker_heading: , HOLLY
dialog: Jose Ybarra-Jaeser. Mag Wildwood's
dialog: friend. You met him. The one who
dialog: came to the perty with Rusty. It
dialog: turns out he's not only handsome
dialog: wut rich too. Ané since Fred...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You're crazy!
speaker_heading: BOLET
dialog: Let go of met
speaker_heading: PATIL
dialog: = { Listen to me! Itm nos
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: % 3 Les Fou co it!
dialog: (Sontinued)
dialog: oh
dialog: 165.
dialog: 16é.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: ERUARTAST AT TIFANZ'S 20h.
dialog: eee
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: HOLLT
dialog: Because of yasterday, you
dialog: suddenly think you own mei
speaker_heading: PavL
dialog: That's exactly what I thinki
speaker_heading: a ROLLE
dialog: That's what everybody always thinks.
dialog: Ext everybody oanpens to be wrong.
speaker_heading: PauL
dialog: Look, I'm net everyoody...or am 1?
dialog: Is that what you really think?
dialog: That I'm no different from all
dialog: your other rats and super=rats?
text: She nods, Ee lets go of her arm. She starts to go
text: tut the intensity in his veics holds her sor &
dialog: moment.
speaker_heading: : PAUL
dialog: Wait 2 minute;
text: He takes the fifcy dollar check from bis wallet and
text: seribbles his mame on she back,
speaker_heading: PAUL (Cont'd)
dialog: If that's the way 15 45...4f shat's
dialog: what you pealiy think,..then there's
dialog: something 1 Want to give yOtUss.
speaker_heading: . EOLLT
dialog: (Barely whispering)
dialog: What's that?
text: Paci pushes the check into her band,
speaker_heading: PavL
dialog: Fatsy dollars. For she Ladies Room.
text: Ee turns and stalks away, HOLD FOR A MINUTE on her
dialog: face as we =
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT, PAUL'S APARTMENT - (NIGHT)
text: Paul is emptying papers from bis cesk and stacking
text: them into a caréboard bex. Ee goes to the beoksnel?
dialog: and taxss down she ten copi2s of his beck anc placas
text: them in the tox. He sloses and locks ois crpewriter,.
dialog: (Contisuse)
speaker_heading: aL
dialog: 166.
dialog: 167.
dialog: 168.
dialog: $222+60
scene_heading: EREAXPAST AT TIFFANY'S 105,
dialog: (Cont! 4)
text: Be sighs end lights a cigaretta, Im a moment, he goes
text: to the closet, sakes down the suitcase and begins to
dialog: pack ¢he few belongings that he had with him on his
text: arrival, The rest of the stuft -- and the closet is
text: now filled with snoas, socks, suits, ties <= he
text: leaves hanging where it is. He is just closing ths
text: suitease when a series of SOUNDS atrike his ear, They
text: come from Holly's apartment and the general effact is
dialog: that of someone.being murdered o> as though cigers
text: ware Loose below, A riot of crashing glass, of ripe
text: Pings and fallings and overturned furniture. Paul
text: completely ignores the SOUNDS, picks up his box, his
text: typewriter and his suitcase, turns out the lights and
dialog: leaves the room, :
scene_heading: INT, STAIRCASE = (NIGHT)
text: On the staivs.the SOUNDS are even loudsr. Fatl
text: descends the stairs, paying no attention to the srowe
text: ing bedlam. As he passes Holly's door on the way
text: down, the doer bursts cpen and a very alarmed Jose
text: appears, Ee sees Paul and grabs his arm.
speaker_heading: JOSE
dialog: Please} You are her friend
dialog: from upstair, yes?
speaker_heading: PauL
dialog: What's she matter?
speaker_heading: JOSE
dialog: You mist heip meses
dialog: this is most serious.
text: Paul puts dow his luggage and steps toward the open
dialog: door into -
scene_heading: INT. ECLEY'S LIVING ROOM = (NIGET
text: The room hes been shoroushiy wrecked, Furniture overe
text: turned, broken lamps and smashed phonograph records,
text: Even the ice box has been emptied, its contents tossed
text: eround she room, Raw eggs slide down she walls, In
text: the middle of the debris, she Cat is calzly larping us
text: a botsle of milk, From the bedroom the SOUNDS continue.
text: Paul dashes through she bedroom docr into =
scene_heading: wb BREARPAST AT TIFPary's 106.
scene_heading: 169. INT, HOLLY'S SEDROOM - (NIGHT
text: Bolly, wildeeyed end hysterical, 1s smashing perfume
text: bottles against the wall. °
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Eolly:
text: Ee rums to her, wrestles 2 lamp out of her hand and
text: slaps her hard across ths face. In a moment it is
text: over. She sags in his arms, sobbing quistly. He
text: picks her up and carries her to the bed. Holly spent
text: end limp, sinks back onto the pillows. She mops her
text: forehead, leaving a smear of blood from a cut finger,
speaker_heading: PavL
dialog: Come on now. take it easy...
dialog: try to rest...slesp if you can...
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: (Whimpering like an
dialog: exhausted child)
dialog: Sleep...hea's the only ome who would
dialog: ever let me hold him on cold nights...
dialog: I saw a place in Mexico...with
dialog: heorseseeeby the s4aeee
text: Her eyes close, Paul covers her with a blanket and
text: turns to Jose who is hovering nervously at che bede
dialog: room door, .
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What the hell cid you do to her?
speaker_heading: JOSE
dialog: I do not know. There was a telseram
dialog: and then this, It is appalling. Her
dialog: crashing everything. Conducting like
dialog: a crazy, I mst have no public scandal.
dialog: It's too delicata; my name, my positicr...
dialog: my family...Will thers be, do you think,
dialog: police?
speaker_heading: PauL
dialog: I don't see wry. There's no law
dialog: against busting up your own asa>tment.
dialog: At least I don's shimk there is.
dialog: What telegram?
speaker_heading: JOSE
dialog: = dontt kmeow...4% came just a moment
speaker_heading: AZ0oee
dialog: Ee looks arcunc and finally finds = commmpled sisse of -
dialog: yellow peper.
dialog: $e22-60 . (Conzinued}
dialog: cz
dialog: 169.
dialog: §~22-60
scene_heading: BREAXTAST AT TIFFANY'S
dialog: (Cons'd)
speaker_heading: JOSE
dialog: Ves, here it is...
text: Ee picks 4s up, unwrinkles is and hands it to Paul.
text: Paul takes it from him enc after a moment, in a
text: slightly shakey voice, reads aloud.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: "Received notice young Fred killed
dialog: in jeep accident Camp Crowder Missouri
dialog: stop. Your husband and children join
dialog: dn the sorrow of cur mutual loss step.
dialog: Letter following. Love Doc™......
dialog: her brother Fred...
speaker_heading: JOSE .
dialog: Then her sickness...it is only grief?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'd say s0...7esese
speaker_heading: JOSE
dialog: Tis brother...she Loved him very
dialog: much?
speaker_heading: PAuL
dialog: I guess so...
speaker_heading: JOSE” ,
dialog: But what can one do? |
speaker_heading: PAUL -
dialog: fry to help her. I tried, bus
dialog: it diém't do much good. Maybe
dialog: you can do better.
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: You have a ranch or something...
dialog: down in Brazil, don't you?
speaker_heading: JOSE
dialog: Ves. Several shousenc acres...
dialog: Paul
dialog: Good. She'll like ‘that.
text: Paul motions toward the bedroom door,
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You'd better get in shere. 7
dialog: think she srobably needs someone
dialog: with her, Tell her Paul seic goodbye.
dialog: (Censin
dialog: moi)
dialog: sued)
dialog: 165.
dialog: 170.
dialog: 172.
dialog: 6-22-60
scene_heading: BREAEPAST AT TIFFANZ'S 108.
dialog: (Cont'4)
text: Jose hestiates a moment, then turns and heads tcwaré
text: the bedroom. Paul watches as ne enters the bedroom
text: aud closes the door behind him, Paul's psuedo-tough
text: expression collapses. For an instant it locks as if
text: he might ery. He quickly regains control anc moves
text: to the front door and exits, closing the door.
speaker_heading: INT, STAIRS - (NIGHT)
text: He takes his luggage from the Lancing end starts slowly
text: down the stairs. TEE CAMERA MOVES with him as he
text: pauses for a moment in the -
scene_heading: Inv. VESTOSULE - (NIGHT)
text: He takes the "PAUL VARJAX...ARRIVED" card from its
text: Slot and tears it into tiny pleces..As he goes out
text: she door and down the steps -
speaker_heading: FADE OU7.
speaker_heading: Fade IN:
scene_heading: INT. HOLLY'S LIVENG Room - (DAY) : ’
text: It 4s late afternoon in s dey in early spring. Through
text: the open windows we can see’that the tree in front of
text: the house has begun to bud. Holly, barefoct, in blue
text: jeans and a sweat shirt, is bustling arouné the living
text: room in a frenzy of domesticity, From the phonograph
text: a Linguaphone record is conducting an intensely monoto-
dialog: nous lesson in elementary Portugese. There are a number
dialog: of changes in the apartment, Metropolitan Museum re-
dialog: productions adorn <he walls, There are ever a couple
text: of chairs. In the kitchen shere is a vast number of
text: pots and pans and a formidable row ef cook books. The
text: Gat sits on the window sill watching amiably. ?res-
text: ently the door buzzer sounds. Folly pushes her hair
text: cut of her eyes, presses the buzzer, then goes to the
text: deor and opens it.
text: Paul is standing stiffly in the docrway. Be looks
dialog: Somewhat different from the last time we sew bin. But
dialog: perhaps it is only that nis hair is sombec and thes his
text: Jacket and vrousers maven.
speaker_heading: FACL
dialog: Hello. <I got your wire...now
dialog: aid you ever find me anyhow?
dialog: .
scene_heading: Pad BREAXFAST AT TD
dialog: 172. (Cont'd)
dialog: 
dialog: ios.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: I tried everything...called people,
dialog: asked arcund, then suddenly I thought
dialog: of looking in the phone book. Anyway,
dialog: I'm glad you could come.
text: He moves into the room. They are a little shy and
text: uneasy with each cther, almost like strangers.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You look fine.
speaker_heading: SOLLY
dialog: No, I dontt. I'm fat as a pig
dialog: and I haven't had my heir done
dialog: in weeks...
dialog: (Pause) ’ .
dialog: But you're looking tres éistingue.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Thanks...2 have a job...and I've
dialog: been writing a little...nights and
dialog: weekends...
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: I know. I've read three of your
dialog: stories...two in TSE NEW YORAEA
dialog: vand one in that Sunny Livtle
dialog: magazine. I liked the ones in
dialog: TSE NEW YORKER...the other one...
text: THE GIRL FROM THE CITY or whatever
dialog: it was called.
speaker_heading: PAUL ~
dialog: THE CITY GIRL...you dicn't care
dialog: for it?
speaker_heading: EOLIY
dialog: Oh, = liked it. all right. TI
dialog: just dicn’t believe it. I mean
dialog: a girl as kodny as that...shey
dialog: wouldn't let her run around loose.
dialog: tomean they'd have put her awey...
dialog: in some kind of a home...
text: Paul suddenly becomes aware of the unpleasant sound
dialog: of the Linguaphone.
speaker_heading: PATL
dialog: Waat's that?
speaker_heading: ZOLLY ;
dialog: Portugese. Do you realize it has
dialog: 6-22-66 (Continued
dialog: is
dialog: 172. (Cont'd)
scene_heading: BREAKFAST aT TIFFANE'S inc.
speaker_heading: EOLLY (Cont'd)
dialog: four thousand irregular verds all of
dialog: which take different cases, depending
dialog: on the tense or the sex of the speaker
dialog: or the thing he or she is speaking
dialog: about or something like that? Anyway
dialog: Tive been trying to learn it. I mean iz
dialog: a-person's going to live in Brasil, she
dialog: should certainly kmow about the verbs...
dialog: at least the irregular ones.
text: She goes to the phonograph anc shuts it off,
dialog: $-22-60
speaker_heading: PauL :
dialog: Look, Holly, what's this about?
dialog: Why did you want to see me? .
speaker_heading: SOLLT
dialog: Jose's in Washington for the nisht,
dialog: so I-thought if I asked you over...
dialog: you. might come and...well...i've said
dialog: goodbye to everyone else I care about...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You're going somewhere?
speaker_heading: HOLLY :
dialog: Itm leaving for Rio tomorrow. . I have
dialog: the plane ticket right here.
dialog: (Pause ) :
dialog: I've already said goodbye to old Saliy.
dialog: I-thought he'd be upset, but he wasn't.
dialog: He seid it was just as well...there -
dialog: migst be trouble...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Trouble?
speaker_heading: BOLLE
dialog: If they foumd out I wasn't really
dialog: his niece. : -
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Ok. Then you and Jose...you're
dialog: really getting marzied? -
speaker_heading: EOLIY ,
dialog: Well, he hasn't veelly asked me.
dialog: Bot in so many words...
dialog: (Continned)
scene_heading: rs BREARSTAST AT TISFANE'S lll.
dialog: 172. (Cont'd)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Four \= you mean?
speaker_heading: BOLLE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: PaAdL
dialog: That's how many words it takes,
dialog: 'WLl1', ‘'You.' 'Marry'., 'Me.!
dialog: Pour.- - - 6 - - -
speaker_heading: EOLLY |
dialog: Oh, we'll get married. I know we
dialog: Will. -And in church. With his family
dialog: there and everything. That's why
dialog: we're waiting till we get to Rio.
speaker_heading: : PAUL
dialog: He's flying down with you?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Well, yes.. On different planes, of
dialog: course, He doesn't think it would
dialog: lock right for us-to be travelling
dialog: together, His famtiy is very important
dialog: in Rio. So he has to worry about things
dialog: Like that. . :
text: > Paul has followed he> into the kitchenette and is
text: watching her feverish activity with interest.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What are you doing anyway?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: I thought I'd cook dinner for us.
dialog: Don't look so nervous. Jose says
dialog: I'm.better than the Colony. It's
dialog: really amazing...three months ago
dialog: I couldn't scramble egss...0f course,
dialog: Iostdiil can't. I just can't seem to
dialog: get the hang of really simzle
dialog: dishes...steak...salad...cnings like
dialog: that absolutely baffle me...3ut...
text: Paul removes a pot from Holly's hand. Then
text: he takes her by the shoulders and surms he>
dialog: soward Rim. They stand very clese together
text: in the steamy kitchenstte.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Listen, Eolly, tell me someshing.
dialog: Do you really love Jose?
dialog: $-22-60 (Sontinved)
dialog: rs
dialog: 172. (Cont'd)
scene_heading: BRSARFAST AT TEFPANZ'S il2.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ROLLE
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: . HOLLY
dialog: Look, I kmow what you think. And
dialog: I don't blame you, Itve always
text: thrown out such a jazzy line.
dialog: But really...except for Doc...and
dialog: you..-dose is my first non-rat
dialog: Pomence, Oh, not that he's my
dialog: ideal of the absolute finito. He
text: tells little lies and worries about.
dialog: what people think and he wants to
dialog: be the President of Brazil...I mean
dialog: it's such a useless thing for a
dialog: grown man to want to be...and he
dialog: takes about fifty baths a day...2
dialog: think a man should smell...at least
dialog: a little bit. No, he's too prim and
dialog: cautious +o be my absolute ideal. If
dialog: I were free to choose from anybody .
dialog: alive...just snan my fingers and say -
dialog: ‘Come hers, youl"...2 wouldn't pick
dialog: Jose. Nehru masbe...or Adlai Steven-
dialog: son or Sidney Poitier or Leonard
dialog: Bernstein,..but I do love Jose, Tf
dialog: honestly think I'd give up smoking
dialog: if he asked me tol
text: During this her mood has somehow changec. She
dialog: turas
text: off the oven anc dries her bands.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Suddeniy, I dom't feel so much like
dialog: cooking. Could we go out somewhere?
speaker_heading: PatL
dialog: Sure. I'll buy you a farewell dinner.
speaker_heading: ” ROLLY
dialog: That would be fun. As long as it's
dialog: someplace I can go like this.
text: Paul eyes the Diue jeans and sweat shirt,
dialog: 6-22-66
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: dell, as I remember, you were getcing
dialog: bored with Twenty-One anywar...
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 172. -
dialog: 1736
dialog: $022 -50
text: BREAKFAST AT TIFFANY!S 133.
speaker_heading: (Comt'd)
dialog: They laugh and as they do the last few months
dialog: disappear. .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: Ext, RESTAURAND IN CETNATOWN = (mest)
text: Helly and Paul emerge from the restaurant band in
text: band, They walk down the block, Then suddenly,
text: Holly begins to langh,
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What's so fumy?
text: Holly pulls up the front of her sweat shirt. There,
text: wedged between ber bare tummy and the top of her
text: bine jeans, is a bot of Joss Sticks. She pulls it
text: out proudly.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Present for you...
speaker_heading: Path
dialog: Wheat is it?
text: . HOLLY .
dialog: A box 62 Joss Sticks. . .
dialog: | Pamn
dialog: % are Joss Sticks?
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Weo kmows? That's what it says.
dialog: Look, "Joss...Sticks."
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Where did you...?
speaker_heading: BOLLE
dialog: I stole them. Just to keep my
dialog: hand in. Remember?
dialog: (She bands the bex
dialog: to Bim)
dialog: I want you to promise to treasure
dialog: them always.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Woenever I have a jess that
dialog: seeds sticking I'll think of you...
text: They coméimce walking in silence for a moment.
dialog: (Comtimed)
dialog: 173.
dialog: 17h.
dialog: 175.
dialog: $022 250
scene_heading: BRSAZFAST AT TIFFANZ'S tlk.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: HOLLY .
dialog: This was a nice idea, New York's
dialog: mot a town you can just up and leave...
dialog: without saying a proper goodby to...
scene_heading: EXD. BROOKLYN BRIDGE ~ (MCET)
text: They lean ageinst the rail, suspended highabove the
text: river. For ea moment they watch the seaeward moving
text: skips pass between the cliffs of burning siyline.
speaker_heading: HOLLY :
dialog: Years from now, yeers and yaars,
dialog: one of those ships will bring me
dialog: back...ms and my mine Brazilian
dialog: brats,..they'll be dark liks Jose,
dialog: of course...but with bright green
dialog: beautiful eyes...I'll bring them
dialog: back all right...because they ost
dialog: see this...these lights...ths river
dialog: 02208 IT love New York! -
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Then why ere you leaving it?
dialog: What's in it for you, anyway?
text: Holly's face tightens.’ The mood is broken.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Come om, it's late,. I'm leaving.
dialog: tomorrow anid I haven't even begun
dialog: to pack.
text: She takes his arm and they start moving back toward
dialog: the Manhattan side,
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: I dontt feel like walking anymore.
dialog: Let's see if we can gst a cab,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVS TO:
scene_heading: IND. VESTISTIZ - (NIGHT)
text: Holly and Paul enter the vestibule of her buildings,
text: Bolly searches for her key, does not bave tt and
text: locks hopefully as Paul.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Don's look at me. Amnie doesn't
dialog: live here anymore.
dialog: (Costinued)
dialog: 175.
dialog: 176.
dialog: i77.
speaker_heading: 022-60
text: BREATFAST AT TIFFANT'S 1s.
dialog: (Cont'd)
text: He shrugs, grins and starts to reach for Mr.
text: Yuntoshits bell.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: {Stepping bim)
dialog: No, wait a minute..,i've trans=
dialog: ferred my business.
text: She points te Paul's old card slot, ‘TE CAMERA PANS
dialog: so that we can see the new card which reads:
dialog: ™r, Quaintance Smith.”
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (Somewhat awed by
dialog: the name)
dialog: Mr, Quaintance Smith? This -
speaker_heading: ZOLLY
dialog: You will, in a minute...
text: ‘She starts tc ring his bell, Paul antomatically tries
text: the door, It opens. . .
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Someone must have tripped the lock,
speaker_heading: . « HOLLY
dialog: That Smith,.,he's a crafty devil...
text: Holly and Paul move into the building and up the
dialog: stairs to =< : . an
scene_heading: INT, EOLLIZ'S DOOR = (NIGHT) :
text: Paul reaches down under the mat for the key, It's not
text: there. They look at each other, Holiy tries the door
text: and, suprisingly, it opens.
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: IT don't understand,..I was suttees
dialog: They move into -
scene_heading: TNE, FOLLT'S ITVING RCOM ~ (NIGHT)
text: Inside, Paul finds the lightswiteh and snaps 1% on.
speaker_heading: PADL
dialog: You ought to be mors cavefal
dialog: ado eee
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: zs
scene_heading: BREARPAST At TISFART'S ” 115.
speaker_heading: 177. (Cont'd)
dialog: §-22-60
text: As the lichts go on we are suddenly aware of the
dialog: presence of three other people. Flain-clothes
dialog: detectives «= two men and a woman. EZolly stifles a
text: scream and Pavl starts a "what-the-hell...”
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE
dialog: Bernstein, Narcotics Squad.
text: In a moment the room seems to be filled with people.
dialog: The three detectives who had been waiting anc two
text: ovhers who have been lurking in the corridor,
text: Adding to the kubbub are the Messrs. Yunioshi and.
dialog: Smith.
speaker_heading: HCLLZ
dialog: What do you mean - Narcotics
dialog: Squad?
text: Prom the doorway comes the sound of Mr, Yunioshi's
dialog: voice. .
speaker_heading: MR. TUNIOSHI
dialog: Theve she is! The wanted woman! ©
speaker_heading: PAUL ,
dialog: Now wait a minute...what's soins
dialog: Oe. ‘.
speaker_heading: 2ND DETECTIV=
dialog: Why don't you.ask. your boss?
speaker_heading: . “PAUL
dialog: What? :
speaker_heading: “1ST DETECTIVE
dialog: Sally Tomato, Why don’t you ask
dialog: him? Come on, Pusher...
text: He is frisking Paul for concealed weapons.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'm not a dope pusher...I'ma
dialog: writer! Le
dialog: “gy pErecrrve
dialog: Oh. A man who thinks fcr himsel?!
dialog: The lady cop, e heavy, masculine woman
text: yellow orsids roped around her head, no
text: on Eoliy's shoulder anc, in a surprising:
dialog: Like voice says:
dialog: 
dialog: (Continued }
scene_heading: BREAKFAST AT TIFFANT'S 117.
speaker_heading: 177. (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: LADY co?
dialog: Okay, Sister. You're going places.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
text: (Brushing her arm
dialog: away)
dialog: Lady, you touch me again and T‘ll
dialog: break your am... -
text: Por an answer the lady cop slaps her hard across the
dialog: face, From outside now we can EEAR an approaching
text: police SIREN. Paul and Holly are being tustled
text: Soward the door. As she. passes Mr, Yunieshi,
text: Eolly catches him by the lapel.
speaker_heading: EOLLT
dialog: Dear Mr, Yunioshi...one last favor... |
dialog: will you be an absolute darling anc
dialog: see thet the cat gets fed?
text: Paul-and Holly are being hustled down the stairs as
dialog: _ Wee +
dialog: _' 178,
dialog: 6-22-60
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SDUY-SEVENTE PEECINCT - (NIGHT)
text: The newspapers have epparently been tipped off and
text: a mumber of reporters are om Band. The police car
text: pulls wp and Holly and Paul are hustled out, still
text: protesting. A second police car pulls up behind
dialog: them and Mr. O'Shaughnessy, Saliy Tomato's three
text: hundred pound lawyer, is bundled out, Amid the
text: popping flashbulos, Holly spots him.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Mr. O'Shauchnessy! What are you
dialog: ing-nere? - —
speaker_heading: O'SEAUGEnESSY
dialog: Oh shut up! - .
speaker_heading: FEPORTER .
dialog: {To Holly) .
dialog: Is it .true you.carried messages
dialog: from Tomato in code?
speaker_heading: S0LLY
dialog: Of course not! I'd just meet Mr.
dialog: O'Shaughnessy.at Zambuoger Heaven
dialog: and give bim the weather report...
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: ts
text: BREARPAST AT TIFFARY'S — 118.
dialog: 178. (Cont'd.)
dialog: 179.
text: Mr. O'Shaughnessy breaks loose for a moment and
text: keicks.a camera out of a photographer's hands. At
text: this point they ere all hustled through the door
dialog: into - .
scene_heading: INT. POLICE sTation - (SIGHT)
dialog: There's a great deal of confusion with several
text: comversations going on at once. At she desk Paul
text: is protesting helplessly to the Sergeant.
speaker_heading: PAUL
scene_heading: Varjak...Paul Varjak...V-a-rejea-k.
dialog: I'm a writer.
text: Meanwhile. on the other side of the room Rolly is
dialog: surroundec, by reporters.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Simply do not ask me what this
dialog: is all about... parce-cue, je ne .
dialog: sais pas, mes cheres. .
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: But you did used to visit Tomato?
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: Ioused to see him every week.
dialog: What's wrong with that?
speaker_heading: “ «gD REPORTER
dialog: You must have kmowr Tomato was
dialog: part of the narcotics syncicate...:
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Mr, Tomato never mentioned narcotics
dialog: to me! It makes me furious the way
dialog: these wretched people keep persecuving
dialog: Bim. He's a deeply sensitive person...
dialog: A darling old man...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (calling urgently from
text: across the room
dialog: Eolly, will you please shut up sill
dialog: you talk to your lawyer!
speaker_heading: 2ND REPORTER
dialog: (s0 Bolly)
dialog: Who is your lawyer?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ECLIT
dialog: I dom't know...
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 179.
dialog: 180.
dialog: 181.
dialog: 6-22-60
scene_heading: BREAKFAST AT TIFFANT'S . 19.
dialog: (Cont'd) .
text: At that moment she notices the handcuffed Mr,
text: O'Shaughnessy being led, still struggling, inte the
text: back room.
speaker_heading: BOLLY
dialog: Mr. O'Shaughnessy, I guess...
text: Paul bears this and reacts violently. On Bis anguished
dialog: face =
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE To:
scene_heading: “INT. SALOON = (NIGET)
dialog: It's a neighborhood, Third Avenue saloon, around the
text: corner from Holly's trownmstene. BEGIN ON CLOSE SECT
dialog: of a booth table on which ate soread the morning
text: tabléids. They feature pictures of Holly in the
text: police station and screaming headlines: FLAZGIRL
scene_heading: ARRESTED IN NARCCTICS SCANDAL...TOMATO'S TOMATO
scene_heading: NABBED...DRUG RING EXPOSED, GLAMCR GIRL EELD....
text: Beside the papers are several dollars im quarters,
text: neatly stackec. TE CaMERA PULLS BACK TO REVEAL -
text: Paul, tie loosened and in a somewhat distraught
text: condition. He is working on a drink, looking at the
dialog: papers anc keeping an anxious eye on the telephone |
text: booth across the reom. The phone rings. Paul jumps
text: to his feet, scoops up a handful of quarters anc dashes
dialog: into - .
scene_heading: iNT. PEONE BOCTE - (NIGHT)
text: Be takes off the receiver and we can hear the
dialog: operator's voice on filter. -
speaker_heading: OFERATOR
text: Ready with Mr. Berman in Hollywood.
dialog: Eindly deposit twe dollars for the
dialog: first three minutes please...
text: Methedically Paul begins to feed quarters into the
dialog: phone.
scene_heading: INT. 0.7.18 SEDROOM - (NIGET)
dialog: 
text: C.s. Sermmac, in Sulka pajamas, is cropped up in an
text: enormous tec. Se is surmounded ty a dictarphone,
text: selevision set, transistor radio and stacks of
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: ee
dialog: 182.
dialog: 183.
dialog: 18h.
dialog: 185.
dialog: 186.
dialog: 187.
dialog: 6-22-60
text: BREAKFAST AT TIFFANT'S 120.
dialog: (Cont'd)
text: Manuscripts. He holds the phone to kis ear, wincing
text: at the thud each time a quarter is cropped in at the
text: other end of the line.
dialog: Od.
dialog: 0.J. Berman here. Who is this
dialog: calling?
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BSOOTE - (NIGET)
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Mr. Berman, this 1s Paul Varjek.
dialog: Vegerejeaek...i'm a friend of Bolly's.
dialog: We met in New York.
scene_heading: INT. 0.7.'S BEDROOM - (NIGHT)
dialog: 0.7.
dialog: Who?
scene_heading: INT. PEONE 300TH - (NIGET)
speaker_heading: - PAUL
dialog: Paul...Paul Varjak...Veaeree..
dialog: (Ee gives up)‘.
dialog: Oh, hell, this is Fred!
scene_heading: DU. 0.7.'S BEDROOM - (NIGET)
dialog: Od.
dialog: Obies Fred-baby! You calling
dialog: abeut the kid? .I heard it an
dialog: hour ago on the radio.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. PHONE BOOTS - (NIGHT)
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Iwas with her when she was
dialog: arrested. They held me for
dialog: a while but then they let me go....
scene_heading: INT. 0.2 .'S SEDR00M - (NIGHT)
dialog: Oc.
dialog: Now lock Fred-baby, just relax.
dialog: Everything is taken care of.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: (Continued)
dialog: 188.
dialog: 1869.
dialog: 190.
dialog: 181.
dialog: $-22-E0
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: BREAKFAST AT TIFFANZ'S 121.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: O.c. (Cont'd)
dialog: I spoke to my lawyer in New York...
dialog: I told him take care of everything
dialog: ané send the sill to me, only keep
dialog: my mame anonymous. They only got her
dialog: in ten thousand bail...he'll have
dialog: her sprung by ten o'clock tomorrow
dialog: morning...Now listen, Fred-baby, I
dialog: tell you what you do...you bust into
dialog: that dump she lives in, collect all
dialog: her junk, shen pick her up at the
dialog: jail house and take her straight to
dialog: a hotel under a phory name. Ne want
dialog: to keep her eway from the reporters
dialog: as mich as we can...will you do shat?
scene_heading: INT. PHONS BOOTS - (NIGET)
speaker_heading: PauL
dialog: Sure...I'll need some kine of a
dialog: truck for her stuff...
scene_heading: INT. 0.3.'S BEDROOM - (NIGET)
dialog: O.d.
dialog: Se hire one. Or hire a car anc
dialog: chanffeur.Thet's better. T want
dialog: the icid should be sprung from jail
dialog: in style. rge it to me...
speaker_heading: PAUL'S VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Mr. Berman, I can't tell you how
dialog: much I appreciate...
dialog: O.d.
dialog: Forges it. Anyhow, I ewe the kid
dialog: something. Not that I owe her
dialog: anything if you come right down to
dialog: TET She's eracy. A phony, But a
dialog: real phony. You kmow what I mean?
scene_heading: INT, PEONS SOOTHE - (NIGET)
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: -I know what you mean! And thanks,
dialog: Me, Semman.,,thanks a lot...
text: Se hangs up the shone.
dialog: 42
dialog: Os
scene_heading: cz BREAKFAST AT TIFFANY'S 122,
scene_heading: 192. 2 TEE BSROWNSTONS - (DAZ)
dialog: fi
text: & 1s about mine o'clock in the morning and raining.
text: 4 cheuffeur-ériven limousine pulls up in front of the
text: house and Paul gets out, telling the driver to wait.
text: There are a few sightseers on the door step. Paul
text: brushes past them and enters -
scene_heading: 1sz. ENT. VESTIEUEE - (DAY) . .
text: He unhesitatingly reaches down and pushes Mr. Smith's
text: bell. After a moment the click releases the coor end
dialog: Paul enters -
speaker_heading: 194, INT, STAIRS - (DAZ)
text: As Paul climbs the stairs, Mr.Smith, two flights above,
text: opens his door and calls down.
speaker_heading: MR. SMITE
dialog: (Calling)
dialog: Roger? Is that you Roger?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (Climbing the’ stairs)
dialog: No, it's Mews sPaul... .
scene_heading: 195. INT. MR. SMETH'S DOORWAY - (DAY)
text: As Faul comes up the stairs Mr.Smith eyes him curiously.
dialog: He's seen him somewhere before -- but where?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (Talking fast}
dialog: Serry to bother you old man, but
dialog: you see I used to live in this
dialog: eapartment...sefore you took it and
dialog: I'd heard you've done such fabulous
dialog: things with it that I...
speaker_heading: MR. SMITE
dialog: You're very kind, but I'm really
dialog: just setting starteé...2 haven't
dialog: even put up the drepes...actually
dialog: when you rang I thought you were
dialog: someone else...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: . SMITE
dialog: J, Roger's tringing
dialog: 
dialog: she Grapes.
scene_heading: wz BREAKFAST AT TIFFANZ'S 123.
dialog: w
dialog: wo
dialog: on
dialog: (Cont! 4) .
text: By this time Paul has eased past kim into -
scene_heading: 196. INT, MR, SMITE'S APARTHENT - (DAZ)
text: The apartment has been completely redone since Paul
dialog: lefts, It is, 1f possible, even more elaborate,
speaker_heading: PAUL”
dialog: Charming, absolutely charming...
dialog: Now if you don't mind, what I
dialog: really want to do is borrow your
dialog: fire escape...mo, mo, that's
dialog: quite all right I imow my way,
dialog: thanks.
text: He goes to the window, opens it and while Mr. Smith
text: watches in open-mouthed wonder, he climbs ont on the
dialog: fire escape.
speaker_heading: MR. SULTS
dialog: (Shaking his: head)
dialog: I have lived in a mumber of
dialog: bizarre buildings in my tine...
dialog: pus this is...and you may quote
dialog: me wildly on the subject...far
dialog: and away the bizarrest of all...
text: He hastily closes the Window and locks it.
scene_heading: 197. EXT. FIRE ESCAPE - (DAY)
text: It Ls reining quite bard, Bucking the wind and rain
text: Paul makes his way down to -
scene_heading: 198. EXT. HOLLY'S WeNpow - (DAY)
text: The pane of glass is still broken. He reaches through,
text: vanmlocks the window and enters - :
scene_heading: 199. INT. HOLLY'S BATEROOM - (DAT)
text: He scoops up a handful of toothbrushes, tooth paste,
text: etc. Then notices the airplane ticket sticking out
text: of a tooshorus= gless. He grins, puts i¢ in bis
dialog: peeket and moves into -
dialog: 200.
speaker_heading: 6022-66
text: BREAKFAST AT TIFFANY'S 12h.
scene_heading: INT. HOLLY'S SEDROOM - (DAY)
text: ’ Be stacks the toothbrushes and things in a neat pile :
text: on the bed. The Cat greets him with a friendly meow,
text: but at the moment he has no time for the Cat. He
text: finds ean empty suitcase and places it on she bed. Ee
text: mow begins to pack in as meat a fashion as possible,
dialog: rooting various forms of wearing apparel out_from
dialog: wader the bed amd similar unlikely places. He is
text: interrupted in bis labors by the sound of the door
text: buzzer. He ignores it, going on with his packing, Tt
text: rings again, and again, and again, Finally he decices
dialog: that it is better to face it out, He goes to the re=
text: lease button, presses it, then after a moment goes to
text: the deor and opens it,
text: Standing in the doorway is a small, handsome, South
text: American gentiemen who bears a marked resemblance to
dialog: Ose.
speaker_heading: Path
dialog: Yes? .
scene_heading: . TEE GENTLEMAN
dialog: Iam the cousin. Sent by Senor
dialog: Jose Yboarra-Jaecgar.
speaker_heading: : PAUL
dialog: -Ob. Where is Josa?
dialog: Tue cousin wae, clearly, hes great difficulty with the
text: language, suffers mentally for a moment, organising
dialog: his next sentence. .
speaker_heading: TEe COUSIN
text: Ab. Where she is, She is waiting.
speaker_heading: PacL
dialog: Let me think that one over.
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: Now I think I got is. Of course
dialog: I may be wromg, but I have a curious
dialog: feeling that the future President of
dialog: Brazil kas taken,..or is about so tale...
dialog: a powder, Right?
text: The cousin looks at him with total lack of commre-
text: henston, After a minute he produces from his inside
text: pocket a letter.
speaker_heading: TEE COUSIN
dialog: My cousin, she ask me to leava
dialog: this for nis chum...you will cblige?
text: Faul takes the envsiope and locks at it carefulliz. or
dialog: the front is weitcen: "Fer Miss =, Goligash;
dialog: Coursesy of Baarer," (Cons
dialog: 
scene_heading: ou BREAKFAST aT TIPFany'S 125.
dialog: 200. (Cont'd) _
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (Slowly)
dialog: Yes. I will oblige.
text: The cousin bows politely. Paul closes the door, He
text: ss the letter in his pocket and thoughtfully
dialog: crosses to -
scene_heading: 20l. INT, EOLIY?S BEDROOM - (DAY)
text: Ee closes the suitcase and carries it out into -
scene_heading: 202, INT. ZOLLY'S LIVING ROOM = (DAT)
text: Ee searches for and eventually finds the guitar.
speaker_heading: PauL
dialog: Let's see,,,what else...oh, yes.
dialog: Cat. Here, Cat, Cat, Cat...Come
speaker_heading: OD FOUsee
text: He scoops up Cat, picks up she suitcase and ths
text: guitar and as he does so Cat leaps out of his arms,
text: claws flashing. .
speaker_heading: PaUL
dialog: . Dam you}
text: Es goes after Cat again. It is quite a chase. Ee
text: finally corners it in the bedroom. This time his
dialog: technique has improved. Ee riss a pillow case from
text: the bed and dumps the cat unceremoniously into is,
text: then slings it over his shoulder like a sack and
text: once more picks up the suitcase and the tar and
text: heads for the deer.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 203, EXT, WOMAN'S PRISON - (DAT)
text: It is still reining, Holly emerges and is greeted by
text: Paul. The limousine waits at the curd,
speaker_heading: BOLLY
dialog: Quel nigst, alorsi Paul, darling,
dialog: = am sla ad to see yous
speaker_heading: Path
dialog: Come on millacy, she carriages,
dialog: courtesy cf C.u. Serman, awaits:
dialog: $-22-60 (Continued)
scene_heading: ou BREAKFAST AT TISPANZT'S 126.
speaker_heading: 203. (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: What?
text: For an answer Paul grabs her arm and together they
dialog: run through the rain and get into -
speaker_heading: 20h. T. CAR = (DAT)
speaker_heading: E
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PauL
dialog: Woile you were away, I did a
dialog: little house-breaking...
dialog: (To Driver)
text: Eotel Creyden, 66th and Madison.
dialog: "(9 Eolly)
dialog: O.7. thinks it would be a good idea
dialog: for you to stay out of sight for a
dialog: while. I've got most cf your stuf?
dialog: here..imcluding Cat...t hope he!
dialog: ell right... -
text: Ee lets ‘the cat out of the pillow case.
speaker_heading: : HOLLY
dialog: Hello, Cat...%ou poor noename slob...
dialog: Listen, darling, did you find that
dialog: aizsplane ticket?”
dialog: . pagent: .
dialog: ' Right bere, I'm sure we cam cash
dialog: it insee :
speaker_heading: HOLL
dialog: Cash 4t in? dre you kidding?
dialog: Woat time is it? :
speaker_heading: PauL
dialog: A little after.ten,
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Goode
dialog: (fo Driver)
dialog: Idlewild airport, driver.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Zou cam't do thatec.
speaker_heading: EOLLT ”
dialog: Wey not?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You doen't seem to understand.
dialog: You'se wader indicsment, If they
speaker_heading: 5022060 : (Continued)
scene_heading: ee BREARTAST aT TIFPANY'S 127.
dialog: . 20k. {Cont 4)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAUL (Cont'd)
dialog: catch you jumping bail, they'll
dialog: lock you up and throw away the
dialog: key.
speaker_heading: HOLLT
dialog: Den't be ridiculous, darling. By the -
dialog: day after tomorrow I'll be married to
dialog: the future President of Brazil, That'll
dialog: give me diplomatic immunity or
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: . PAUL
dialog: I wouldn't bet on it.
text: She sees from his face that something is seriously wrag,
speaker_heading: ROLLY
dialog: What is it, darling?
speaker_heading: PAUL : :
dialog: ZI have a message for you. 2
text: Ee takes out the envelope and hands it to her. She
text: studies the handwriting carefully for a moment.
scene_heading: HOLLY . °°
dialog: ‘Ok, ob, yes...i see.-.Did he bring
dialog: it.dn person or was it just there,
dialog: shoved under the door?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: A cousin.
speaker_heading: ZOLLY
dialog: Eand me my purse, darling, will you.
dialog: A girl can't read this sort of thing
dialog: without her lipstick,
text: She busies herself with her make-up for a moment,
text: stalling for time. Finally she says:
speaker_heading: EOLLT
dialog: You read it to me, will you, darling.
dialog: I don't think I can quite bear...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You really want me to?
text: She nods. Paul tears ozen che envelope.
speaker_heading: PAUL
speaker_heading: Ckayecs
dialog: $=22-60 (Continued)
dialog: ee
dialog: 20h.
dialog: $-22-60
scene_heading: BREAZFAST aT TIPPAMZ'S 126.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: PAUL (Cont td)
dialog: (Reading)
dialog: "My dearest tietie girl, I have
dialog: Loved you knowing you were not as
dialog: others. But conceive of ny despair
dialog: upon discovering in such a brutal and
dialog: pabdlic style how very cifferent you
dialog: are from the manner of woman a
dialog: man of my position could hope to make™
dialog: his wife. I grieve Zor the disgrace
dialog: ef your present circumstances and I
dialog: do not find it in my heart to add my
dialog: condemn to the condemn that surrounds
dialog: you. So I hope you will find it in
dialog: your heart not to cendemn me. I have
dialog: my family to pretect and my name and
dialog: Iam a coward where these institutions
dialog: enter. Forget me, beautiful child, and
dialog: may God be with you. Jose."
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: In a way it seems quite honest...
dialog: touching even...
speaker_heading: HOLLT
dialog: Touehing? + square -ball Jazze
speaker_heading: PAUL”
dialog: After all, he says he! Ss a coward...
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: All right, so he's ‘net really e
dialog: guper-ras...co7 even a regular Tat...
dialog: he's just a scared little mouse...
dialog: . bus oh, gee, golly, dam...
text: She jams her fist into her mouth and begins to cry.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Well, so much for Sauth America.
dialog: _ I never really thought you were
dialog: cut out to be Queen oF the Fampas
dialog: anyhow.
dialog: (To driver)
dialog: Croyéen Eotel.
speaker_heading: ECLLZ
dialog: (To driver)
dialog: Idlewile;
dialog: a zt (Cont inued)
dialog: is
speaker_heading: 20k. (Cont'd)
scene_heading: BREAKFAST AT TIFFANY'S 129.
speaker_heading: HOLLY (Constd)
dialog: (To Paul)
text: The plane leaves at twelve and on it
dialog: I plan to be...
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Eolly, you can't...
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: Et pourcuoi pas? I'm not hotefooting
dialog: 4t after Jose, if thet's what you
dialog: think, No, as far as I'm concerned
text: hets the future President of Nowhere.
dialog: It's only, why should I waste a perfectly
dialog: good plane ticket? Besides, I've
dialog: never been to Brazil...
text: Holly reaches for her suitcase, opens it and takes
text: out a dress.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: ‘ Please, darling, don't sit there -
dialog: As she
dialog: head,
dialog: looking et me like that. I'm going
dialog: and that's all there is to it, Really
dialog: you know, I haven’s much choice...and
dialog: what do I-have to lose...except for
dialog: the nickels put up for bail...bless
dialog: O.J.'s heart..,anyway, omce on the
dialog: coast I helped him win more than ten
dialog: thousand in-one poker hand. So I figure
dialog: we're square... . :
text: talks she is pulling her sweatshirt over her
speaker_heading: FOLLY (Cont'd)
dialog: New all they want from me are ny
dialog: services es a state's witness
dialog: against Sally. Nobody has any
dialog: dntention of prosecuting me...to
dialog: begin with they haven't a ghost of
dialog: a@ chance...Sut even so...
text: She pulls the dress on over her head, then removes
text: the blue jeans under it. Then she finds a pair of
text: shoes and the dressing operation is mow complete.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: EOLIZ
dialog: eeethis town's finished for me.
dialog: leest for a while. Ther have
dialog: rope up at every salocn
dialog: tell you what you do, Gariing...
dialog: (Continued)
text: is BREARPAST AT TIFFANZ'S 130.
speaker_heading: 204. (Cent'd)
speaker_heading: EOLLY (Cont'd)
dialog: you get back to town I want you to call
dialog: The New York Times...or whoever you call
dialog: eeefnd mail me a list of the fifty
dialog: richest men in Brazil. The titty richest
dialog: osePegardiess of race, color or present
dialog: matrimonial status...
text: She suddenly becomes aware of the Cat who has
text: climbed onto her lap, She looks quickly out the
text: window to see where they ere, The car is moving
dialog: through e street in Spanish Harlem,
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (Te the Chaufferr)
dialog: Stop here!
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: What are you doings?
text: Eolly ignores him, The car pulls up to the curd.
text: Holly opens the door and, carrying the Cat, steps out.
scene_heading: 205. EXT. BARIEM STREET = (DAT)
text: We find ourselves in a savage, garish .neighborhood,.
dialog: gerlanded with poster portraits of movie stars and -
text: Madonnas. The sidewalks are littered with fruiterind
text: and rotted newspapers are burled about by the wind.
text: Bolly stands for a moment holding the Cet. She
text: scratches his head and talks softly to hin.
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: What do you think? This ought
dialog: to be the right kind of place for
dialog: a tough guy like you. Garbage cans
dialog: eeePats galore...plenty of eas-bums
dialog: to gang around with...
dialog: (Ske drops the Cat
dialog: to the sidewalk)
dialog: So scream!
text: Paul gets out of the car,
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Eolly...
text: The Cat looks up at her cquestioningly.
speaker_heading: EOLLT
dialog: (To the Cas)
dialog: I seic beat it]
dialog: 5-22-30 (Continued)
scene_heading: wz | EREARPAST AT TOFFANY's ° 131.
speaker_heading: 205. (Cont'd)
text: The Cat rubs up against her les.
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: (Angrily pushing the
dialog: cat with her foct)
dialog: I said take offi
text: She jumps back into the car. Paul stancs watching,
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: You coming?
speaker_heading: ‘PATE
dialog: I don's think so. No...
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: All right then...you can take off
dialog: too!
text: She starts to close the door. Paul catches i¢ and
text: holds it open.
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: Let go of the door! I'll miss the
dialog: Plane! Come on, driver, let's gol
text: She jerks the coor closed. Paul reackes into bis
text: pocket, takes out the red plush Tiffany bex and
text: tosses {t to he> through the window.
dialog: . : PauL .
dialog: Eere...I've carried this thing
dialog: arcund for months...< con't want
dialog: % any more.
scene_heading: 206. CLOSE SEOT - HOLLY - (DAY) ~-
text: She opens the box and sits staring at the ring. The
text: car sterts anc pulls away.
speaker_heading: 207, Ext sTRE=T - (Dar)
text: / Paul stands watehing the departing car. The rain has
text: stopped now and patches of blue are beginning to show
text: between the clouds. At the corner the limousine stops
text: for a lishs. faddenly she door opens and Holly jumps
text: out. She is running back toward his across the wet
text: sidewalk. In 2 moment they are in each other's arms.
text: Then she pulls away.
dialog: 6-22-60 ( Continued)
dialog: 207.
scene_heading: BREAZPAST AT TIFPANy's 132.
dialog: (Cont'd)
speaker_heading: EOLLT
dialog: Come on, darling, we've got te
dialog: find Cat... :
text: Together they dash up the block and into an alley in
dialog: the direction the Cat had gone,
speaker_heading: EOLLZ
dialog: (Calling)
dialog: You cat! Wheres are you? Cat!
dialog: Catli Cat!
dialog: (To Paul)
dialog: We have to find him...I thou gat
dialog: we just met by the river one day...
dialog: that we were both independents... but
dialog: Iwas wrong...we do belong to each
dialog: other. Hs was mine!
dialog: Here Cat, Cat, Cat! Where are you?
text: Then they see him, sitting quietly on the top of a
text: Garbage cen. She runs to him and Sashers him in her
dialog: arms.
speaker_heading: HOLLY
dialog: (To Panl, after
dialog: a moment)
dialog: Qh, darling...
dialog: (But there are no
dialog: words for it)
speaker_heading: PADL
dialog: “That's ckay.
text: qpey walx in silence for a moment, Eoliy carrying the
speaker_heading: ate
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: (In @ small
dialog: voice)
dialog: Darling?
dialog: Par
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: EOLLY
dialog: Do you think Sam would be a
dialog: nice name for Cat?
text: AS they ccntinue to walk up the strees -
speaker_heading: PaDE oct
dialog: f= Sb
dialog: =
dialog: 
