scene_heading: BREAKING BAD
dialog: by
dialog: Vince Gilligan
dialog: 5/27/05
dialog: AMC.
dialog: Sony Pictures Television
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
speaker_heading: TEASER
scene_heading: EXT. COW PASTURE - DAY
text: Deep biue sky overhead. Fat, scuddy clouds. Below them,
text: black and white cows graze the rolling hills. This could be
dialog: one of those California “It’s The Cheese” commercials.
dialog: Except those commercials don’t normally focus on cow shit.
text: We do. TILT DOWN to a fat, round PATTY drying olive drab in
text: the sun. Flies buzz. Peaceful and quiet. Until...
text: ++» ZOOOM! WHEELS plow right through the shit with a SPLAT.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE - AN RV
text: Is speeding smack-dab through the pasture, no road in sight.
text: A bit out of place, to say the least. It’s an old 70's era
text: Winnebago with chalky white paint and Bondo spots. A bumper
text: sticker for the Good Sam Club is stuck to the back.
text: The Winnebago galumphs across the landscape, scattering cows.
text: It catches a wheel and sprays a rooster tail of red dirt.
scene_heading: INT. WINNEBAGO - DAY
text: Inside, the DRIVER’s knuckles cling white to the wheel. He’s
text: got the pedal flat. Scared, breathing fast. His eyes bug
text: wide behind the faceplate of his gas mask.
text: Oh, by the way, he’s wearing a GAS MASK. That, and white
text: jockey UNDERPANTS. Nothing else.
text: Buckled in the seat beside him lolls a clothed PASSENGER,
text: also wearing a gas mask. Blood streaks down from his ear,
text: blotting his T-shirt. He’s passed out cold.
text: Behind them, the interior is a wreck. Beakers and buckets
text: and flasks -- some kind of ad-hoc CHEMICAL LAB -- spill their
text: noxious contents with every bump we hit. Yellow-brown liquid
text: washes up and down the floor. It foams in a scum around...
text: ++. Two DEAD BODIES. Two freshly deceased Mexican guys
text: tumble like rag dolls, bumping into each other.
text: Completing this picture is the blizzard of MONEY. A Von’s
text: bag lies leaking twenties. Fifteen, twenty grand in cash
text: wafts around in the air or floats in the nasty brown soup.
text: CLOSE on the driver’s eyes. He’s panting like a steam
text: engine. His mask FOGS UP until finally he can’t see.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
scene_heading: EXT. COW PASTURE - CONTINUOUS
text: The Winnebago comes roaring over a berm and down into a deep
text: gully. Too deep. BAM! The front bumper bottoms out,
text: burying itself. WAAAAAAH! The rear wheels spin air.
text: The engine cuts off. Silence again. The Winnie’s door kicks
text: open and out stumbles underpants man. He yanks off his gas
text: mask, lets it drop.
text: He’s forty years old. Receding hairline. A bit pasty.
text: He’s not a guy who makes a living working with his hands.
dialog: He’s not a guy we’d pay attention to if we passed him on the
dialog: street. But right now, at this moment, in this pasture?
dialog: Right now, we’d step the fuck out of his way.
text: Underpants man looks at the RV. End of the line for that.
text: He listens hard. Out of the silence, we hear... SIRENS.
text: They’re faint, a few miles off -- but growing louder. Our
text: guy knows he’s boned with a capital B. He HOLDS HIS BREATH
text: and leaps back inside the RV.
scene_heading: INT. WINNEBAGO - CONTINUOUS
text: A chrome 9mm is clutched in the hand of one of the dead
text: Mexicans. Underpants grabs it, tucks it in his waistband.
text: His unconscious passenger, still strapped in his seat, lets
text: out a groan. Underpants leans past him, yanks open the glove
text: box. He comes up with a WALLET and a tiny Sony CAMCORDER.
scene_heading: EXT. COW PASTURE - CONTINUOUS
text: Ducking outside, he starts breathing again. A short sleeve
text: DRESS SHIRT on a hanger dangles from the Winnebago’s awning.
text: Underpants pulls it on. He finds a clip-on tie in the
text: pocket, snaps it to his collar. No trousers, unfortunately.
text: He licks his fingers, slicks his hair down with his hands.
text: He’s looking almost pulled together now -- at least from the
text: waist-up. All the while, the sirens are getting LOUDER.
text: Underpants figures out how to turn on the camcorder. He
text: twists the little screen around so he can see himself in it.
text: Framing himself waist-up, he takes a moment to gather his
text: thoughts... then presses RECORD.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
speaker_heading: UNDERPANTS MAN
dialog: My name is Walter Hartwell White.
dialog: I live at 308 Belmont Avenue,
dialog: Ontario, California 91764. I am of
dialog: sound mind. To all law enforcement
dialog: entities, this is not an admission
dialog: of guilt. I’m speaking now to my
dialog: family.
dialog: (swallows hard) :
dialog: Skyler... you are... the love of my
dialog: life. I hope you know that.
dialog: Walter Junior. You’re my big man.
dialog: I should have told you things, both
dialog: of you. I should have said things.
dialog: But I love you both so much. And
dialog: eur unborn child. And I just want
dialog: you to know that these... things
dialog: you‘re going to learn about me in
dialog: the coming days. These things.
dialog: I just want you to know that...
dialog: no matter what it may look like...
dialog: I had all three of you in my heart.
text: The sirens are WAILING now, on top of us. WALTER WHITE, the
text: underpants man, turns off the camcorder. He carefully sets
text: it on a bare patch of ground by his feet. Next to it he sets
text: his wallet, lying open where it can be seen.
text: CLOSE ON the wallet -- a photo ID card is visible. Walt’s
text: smiling face is on it. It identifies him as a teacher at
text: J.P. Wynne High School, Ontario Unified School District.
text: Walt pulls the chrome pistol from the back of his waistband,
text: aiming it across the tall weeds. It glints hard in the sun.
text: Flashing red LIGHT BARS speed into view, skimming the tops of
text: the weeds. Heading straight for us.
text: Walt stands tall in his underpants, not flinching. Off him,
text: ready to shoot the first cop he sees...
speaker_heading: END TEASER
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
speaker_heading: ACT ONE
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE ~- NIGHT
dialog: No president ever slept here. No millionaire ever visited.
text: This is a three-bedroom RANCHER in a modest neighborhood.
dialog: Weekend trips to Home Depot keep it looking tidy, but it‘ll
dialog: never make the cover of “Architectural Digest.”
dialog: We're in Ontario, California -- the Inland Empire. LEGEND:
scene_heading: “ONE MONTH EARLIER.”
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Dark and silent. SKYLER WHITE, late 30s, sleeps peacefully.
text: Beside her, her husband Walter is wide awake.
text: Walt reaches over and presses a button on his Sharper Image
text: alarm clock. It projects the time in glowing blue numbers on
text: the cottage cheese ceiling: 5:02 AM.
text: Walt lies motionless. Brain churning. He presses the button
text: again, staring straight up. 5:02 turns to 5:03.
text: Close enough. Walt rises without waking his wife. He exits.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - SPARE BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: We hear an 0o.S. SQUEAK-SQUEAK as we drift through this room.
text: We pass an empty crib, Pampers, a baby monitor still in its
dialog: box. There’s going to be a new addition to the family.
text: We come upon the source of the SQUEAKING. It’s Walt balanced
text: on a Lillian Vernon stair-stepper, just three easy payments
text: of $29.95. Walt plods up and down in the darkness like he’s
text: marching to Bataan.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Walt sits down on the edge of the tub. We’re watching his
text: face in the bathroom mirror. He masturbates. Judging by his
text: expression, he might as well be waiting in line at the DMV.
text: Walt double-takes, catching sight of himself. Distracted, he
text: examines the sallow bagginess under his eyes. He draws at
text: the loose skin under his chin.
text: Staring at himself long and hard, Walt loses his erection.
text: He gives up trying, pulls up his sweat pants.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - KITCHEN ~ MORNING
text: Walt is dressed for work ~~ Dockers and a short-sleeve dress
text: shirt courtesy of Target. An American flag pin on his tie.
text: He and Skyler eat their breakfast in silence.
text: Skyler glances up, sees Walt puzzling over his bacon.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: Sizzle-Lean. We need to think
dialog: about our cholesterol.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Huh.
text: Skyler’s cute in a way most guys wouldn't have noticed back
text: in high school. But not soft-cute. Not in the eyes.
text: She’s dressed for staying home -- she’s five months pregnant
text: and just beginning to show.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: When’11 you be home?
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Same time.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: I don’t want him dicking you around
dialog: tonight. You get paid till six,
dialog: you work till six. Not seven.
text: Seventeen year-old WALTER, JR. enters the kitchen, dressed
text: for school, hair still damp from the shower. The CLICK...
text: CLICK of his forearm crutches precedes him into the room.
text: Walt and Skyler’s son is a sweet-faced teenager who appears
text: to have cerebral palsy. He moves slowly and awkwardly, and
text: grinds his teeth as he labors to talk. But he’s a smart kid.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Hey.
text: Just seating himself at the table is a trial for Walter, Jr.
text: His parents don’t give him the slightest help. They treat
text: him as if he were able-bodied, which is how he wants it.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: You’re late.
text: He shrugs. She gets up, serves him breakfast. Walter, Jr.
text: squints at the plate she plops down before him.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: WALTER, JR.
dialog: What 's—--that?
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: Sizzle-lean. We‘re watching our
dialog: cholesterol.
dialog: WALTER, JR.
dialog: Not--me! I want-~bacon!
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: Eat it.
text: Walter, Jr. picks at his breakfast, annoyed.
dialog: WALTER, JR.
dialog: What’s this--even--made of?!
text: He looks to his dad for backup. Walt shrugs, ambivalent.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Eat it.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH SCHOOL - MORNING
text: J.P. Wynne High School. Home of the Fightin’ Skyhawks. Two
text: thousand-plus students, many of them in overflow trailers.
text: Into the faculty lot motors a 1991 Nissan wagon. It was a
text: piece of shit when it rolled off the assembly line, and has
text: not improved with age. It parks in a handicapped space.
text: A handicapped placard hangs from the rear-view.
text: Walt climbs out from behind the wheel, checks his watch.
text: He‘s late. Walter, Jr. struggles to get out of the passenger
text: side. He fumbles with his crutches and his backpack.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: All set?
dialog: (off his son’s nod)
dialog: Alright, see you at home.
text: Walt grabs his briefcase and hurries toward the building,
dialog: leaving his son to work it out for himself -- which is,
dialog: again, exactly how Walter, Jr. wants it.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL - CLASSROOM — DAY
text: Hours later. This is a chemistry classroom -- black-topped
text: lab tables with gas spigots. Walt is lecturing to seniors.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Chemistry is the study of what?
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Chemicals.
text: Snickers from the smart kids. Walt smiles.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Chemicals. No. Change. Chemistry
dialog: is the study of change.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Think about it. Electrons change
dialog: their orbits, molecules change
text: their bonds. Elements combine and
dialog: change into compounds. That’s all
dialog: of life, right? The constant...
dialog: (shrug)
dialog: The cycle. Solution, dissolution,
text: over and over.
text: Walt seems to be talking mostly to himself. A pep talk.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Growth, decay. Transformation.
dialog: It's fascinating, really.
text: Handsome, blonde CHAD sits slouched in the back with his hand
text: jammed in the lap of his cheerleader GIRLFRIEND. He whispers
text: to her and she giggles. Walt snaps out of it.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Chad, keep your hands to yourself
dialog: please. Is there something wrong
dialog: with your own table?
text: Chad sighs heavily and drags his stool back to an adjoining
text: table. Doing so, he makes as much NOISE as he can.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Alright, ionic bonds. Chapter six.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL - FACULTY WORKROOM - DAY ,
text: Last period. Wide on Walt in the background, who sits alone
text: in this deserted room. Head down, he grades tests while he
text: eats a sandwich from home. It’s a lonesome tableau.
text: A physics teacher, MARGARET, enters. She’s 30s, redhead,
dialog: attractive without being pretty. Sexy, more like.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Heya, Walt.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Hey, Margaret.
text: Margaret feeds the soda machine a dollar. Walt stares at her
dialog: back a little too long. We feel his interest.
text: Margaret gets her Diet Coke and turns his way. Walt lowers
text: his eyes. Margaret joins him at the table, checks her watch.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Happy Birthday.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: How'd you know?
text: Walt shrugs. Smiles. Margaret does, too.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Thanks.
text: She fumbles in her purse, comes up with a cigarette and
text: lighter. She notices Walt’s surprised glance.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Be a champ, wouldja? Don’t narc.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: (amused by the word)
dialog: My lips are sealed.
text: Margaret lights up and sucks deep. Ohhh yeah. She blows
text: smoke toward the ceiling, gives it a wave with Walt’s papers.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Walt, you are my hero.
text: Walt glances up at her once more. She catches him doing it,
text: smiles back and holds his look. He drops his eyes first.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Those things’ll kill you, you know.
text: Margaret shrugs, exhales.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Something always does.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
scene_heading: EXT. VELVET-TOUCH CAR WASH - AFTERNOON
text: This is one of those 60s Googie-style structures -- faded
text: space-age futuristic. Young Mexicans dry the cars by hand.
scene_heading: INT. VELVET-TOUCH - OFFICE - AFTERNOON
text: Walt’s afternoon part-time job. He works the cash register.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: -- Eight, nine, ten, and ten makes
dialog: twenty. Thank you. Come again.
text: The CUSTOMER wanders off, re-counting his change. Walt
text: closes his drawer and busies himself with record keeping.
text: AMIR, the middle-aged Persian owner, argues on the phone.
speaker_heading: AMIR
dialog: No. Not -- that is not what I
dialog: said. What I said to you --
text: Amir switches to FARSI. The conversation grows more heated.
text: Finally, he barks something and hangs up. He turns to Walt.
speaker_heading: AMIR
dialog: My sister’s worthless son -- piece
dialog: of shit! Shit! Fired for good
dialog: this time!
dialog: (sighs; shrugs)
dialog: I’11 run the register.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Amir, no. We talked about this.
text: Inside only. And only till six.
speaker_heading: AMIR
dialog: I’m short-handed, Walter. What am
dialog: I to do? What am I to do?
text: Pissed, Walt unclips his tie, shoves it in his breast pocket.
scene_heading: EXT. VELVET-TOUCH CAR WASH — AFTERNOON
text: The sun’s sinking low. Walt -- master’s degree, Inland
dialog: Empire Science Educator of the Year for ‘92, ‘95, and ‘01 --
text: is towel-drying cars alongside the teenage vatos. His slacks
text: and shoes are spotted with soapy water. He's grim.
text: Walt is at work on an anthracite BMW 3-Series. As he hunkers
dialog: down to Armor-All the tires, we hear:
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CHAD (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, you missed a spot.
text: Walt looks up to see handsome CHAD smirking down at him.
text: Young master Chad is tickled pink. This is his Beemer, by
text: the way. Chad’s girlfriend stands in b.g., giggling into her
text: cell phone. Whispering just loud enough to be heard.
speaker_heading: GIRLFRIEND
dialog: {into phone)
dialog: Ohmigod. Oh -- my -- God. You are
dialog: not going to believe...
text: She cups a hand over her mouth, turns away. Walt says
text: nothing. He needs this job. Off him, scrubbing harder...
scene_heading: INT. NISSAN SENTRA - DRIVING - EVENING
text: The speedometer vibrates at 86. Walt is alone in the car,
text: speeding home. Tired and dirty. He’s swallowed a lot of
text: anger today. It’s way down deep, but it glows inside him.
text: The needle creeps up to 91. Things rattle and shake. Walt’s
text: eyes fix on something ahead.
text: Walt’s POV -- through the windshield, it’s a straight shot
text: down the freeway. A mile ahead of us is a TRIPLE OVERPASS.
text: It’s a graceful, swooping thing made of ribbons of white
text: concrete. It rises up out of the flatlands as we approach,
text: dwarfing everything for miles around.
text: Walt studies it. He lets off the gas a little.
text: Cars crawl the overpass, over and under each other. Endless
text: strings of white headlights, red taillights. This giant
text: structure routes them in every direction a person can travel.
text: Something about it distracts Walt. Occupies him.
text: Walt coasts underneath it all, staring up at it through his
text: sunroof. Once he’s past it, he speeds up again. He eyes it
text: in his rearview mirror, then leaves it behind.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE - EVENING
text: Walt’s Sentra chugs into the driveway, parking behind a shiny
text: new VOLVO SUV. Staring at the Volvo, Walt is not happy.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Oh, shit.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 11.
text: The front door of Walt's house opens. Out steps a big,
text: barrel-chested man with a bourbon in one hand. This is HANK,
text: Walt’s brother-in-law. Hank raises his glass hello. He taps
text: his watch and shakes his head -- you're late.
scene_heading: EXT. APPLEBEE’S - NIGHT
text: Deep suburbia. The shiny Volvo SUV is parked in foreground.
scene_heading: INT. APPLEBEE’S - NIGHT
text: Family night in this chain restaurant. Walt, Skyler and
text: Walter, Jr. sit in a corner booth with Hank and his wife
text: MARIE. Marie is Skyler's sister. We see the resemblance.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: Amir, this guy’s name is? Jesus.
dialog: Call Homeland Security.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: Hank...
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: I’m serious. Call the FBI, see if
dialog: he’s legal. Might not be. Ship
text: his ass back to Camel-Land.
text: Hank shoots a winning grin at his nephew. Walter, Jr. snorts
text: with delight as he chews a mouthful of hamburger.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: (flat)
dialog: I don’t know, Hank. Do they
dialog: actually have camels in Iran?
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: No. Horses. Arabian stallions.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: Arabian what? Jesus. Camels,
dialog: horses -- a towel-head is a
dialog: towel-head. You’re missing my...
dialog: (interrupts himself)
dialog: ... And they’re not Arabian anyway,
dialog: they're Persian. But you're
dialog: missing my point here. This guy is
dialog: treating your husband like uh, you
dialog: know. Door mat. Here Walt is, got
dialog: a brain the size of Wisconsin and
text: he’s shampooing dried cum outta
dialog: some teenager's back seat?
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: WALT & SKYLER
dialog: Hank --
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: (to Walter, Jr.)
dialog: Sorry. You didn’t hear that.
dialog: (to Walt)
dialog: You say the word, I’ll go talk to
dialog: this guy. I‘1l set him straight.
text: Walt gives a pained little smile, shakes his head.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: You sure? Happy to do it.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: No. Thank you. Let's, please,
dialog: let’s change the subject.
text: Hank shrugs and drains his beer. He winks at Walter, Jr.,
text: who grins. The teenager worships his fire-pisser uncle.
text: Walt can’t help but notice. Hank is everything Walt isn’t:
text: bold, brash, confident.
text: Skyler sips her white wine. Marie stares at her.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: You’re sure it's okay to drink.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: After the first trimester, yes.
dialog: It was even in “Newsweek.”
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: Well, I didn’t see that.
text: Marie disapproves. Prickly. Hank’s eyes are on the bar Tv.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: Oh, hey! Turn it up!
text: Hank WHISTLES. The college-age BARTENDER glances at him,
text: confused, Hank hustles over and keys up the volume on the
text: nearest TV SET. They're all wired together. Everybody in
dialog: the restaurant, like it or not, has to listen to...
text: »+. The local news. HANK, the man himself, is being
text: interviewed on television. He’s polished and official.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: HANK (ON TV)
dialog: -- At which point we apprehended
dialog: three individuals and placed them
dialog: in custody. I'm proud to say that
dialog: the outstanding professionalism
dialog: shown by my fellow agents of the
dialog: San Bernardino District Office
dialog: resulted in a substantial quantity
dialog: of methamphetamine being taken off
dialog: the street.
text: An on-screen graphic identifies him as “AGENT HENRY WELD,
text: D.E.A.” The real-live Hank gives a smile and a nod, not just
dialog: to his family, but to everyone in the place. Such is the
text: force of his will that strangers APPLAUD him.
text: Walter, Jr. holds up a hand, which Hank high-fives.
dialog: WALTER, JR.
dialog: Damn. TV does-~add ten pounds.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: Ah hah-hah. Sit and spin.
text: Hank rubs the corner of his mouth with his middle finger,
text: flipping off Walter, Jr. They’re like two teenagers.
text: Walt eats french fries and tries his best to tune everyone
text: out. Something on TV catches his eye.
text: It's the spoils of this drug bust. Laid out on a table are
text: bags and bags of crystal meth and several guns. But also...
text: eight big SHOBBOXES full of CASH.
text: Walt chews his food, watches. Despite himself...
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Hank? How much money is that?
speaker_heading: HANK
text: Almost seven hundred thousand.
dialog: Pretty good haul.
text: The TV lingers on fat rolls of $20s rubber-banded together.
text: It’s more currency than Walt has ever seen outside of a heist
text: movie. He’s surprised.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: That’s got to be unusual, right?
dialog: That kind of cash?
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: Mmm. Not the most we ever took.
dialog: (to the room)
dialog: There’s no deficit of total morons
dialog: in the drug trade. And they can
dialog: make a ton of money, too. At least
dialog: until we catch ‘em. But we
dialog: catch ‘em eventually.
text: Hank flashes his great smile around the room. He notes
text: Walt’s continued interest in the news report. Likes it.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: Walt, just say the word and 1'11
dialog: take you on a ride-along. You can
dialog: watch us knock down a meth lab.
dialog: (good-natured)
dialog: ‘Less that’s too much excitement
dialog: for you.
text: Walt forces a pained grin and shrugs -- maybe someday.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The lights are off. It’s late.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM/BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Walt, dressed for bed in sweats and a t-shirt, checks himself
text: out in the bathroom mirror. He’s not loving what he sees.
text: He pulis at the skin under his eyes. He COUGHS a little.
text: In the bedroom, Skyler’s in her nightgown, sitting at the
text: computer. She’s following the final moments of an auction on
text: eBay. Walt pads into the room, sits down beside her.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Which one’s this?
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: (eyes on the screen)
dialog: That faux-Lalique vase I picked up
text: at the flea market.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: How's it doing?
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: I met my reserve and there’s still
dialog: two minutes.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 15.
text: Walt nods, sits watching. Without taking her eyes off the
text: screen, Skyler reaches over and slips a hand into Walt’s
text: sweatpants. Walt smirks, surprised.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: What’s up?
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: You tell me.
text: Skyler plays with him, out of sight below frame. A beat.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: What are you doing tomorrow?
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: (shrug)
dialog: Actually, I was thinking about, um.
dialog: Maybe drive to Caltech.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: You’re not gonna mow?
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Yeah, I’1ll mow. JPL’s got an
text: exhibit of Mars rover photographs.
dialog: Supposed to be, the detail... just
dialog: really amazing. Really beautiful.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: I just need you to mow at some
dialog: point. I'’d do it myself, except it
dialog: always throws rocks at me. I think
dialog: it needs a new bag.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: I will mow. First thing.
text: Skyler glances at Walt’s crotch. Good-~naturedly:
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: What’s going on down there?
dialog: Is he asleep?
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: I’m just... we gotta be careful of
dialog: the baby.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: Don’t worry about the baby. This
dialog: is for you. We’re only doing you
dialog: tonight.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 16.
text: Obscured by the computer, Skyler gives Walt a vigorous
text: handjob with one hand and works the mouse with the other.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: Just relax. Just... close your
dialog: eyes and let it...
text: Skyler glances again at her husband. Apparently, there's no
text: mighty oak sprung from whence the lowly acorn lies.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: Just close your eyes.
text: Walt does so, concentrating. Trying hard. Tugging away,
text: Skyler’s attention drifts back to the computer. Completely.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: --- That’s it. That’s... it.
dialog: There you go. Keep going. Keep
dialog: going. Keep it going. Keep...
dialog: (reacting to the screen)
dialog: Yes! Fifty-six.
text: Walt’s eyes open. The thrill is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. CALTECH CAMPUS - DAY
text: Old Pasadena. Wide greenbelts and dark magnolias. The sign
text: says “Jet Propulsion Laboratory.” Einstein was a visiting
dialog: professor at Caltech, once upon a time. This place looks it.
scene_heading: INT. JPL - DAY
text: MARS fills frame, stark red rocks and red sand. We PAN OFF
text: this blow-up of Martian terrain -- we’re in a hallway mounted
text: with two dozen such photos, big and striking.
text: Small in the distance stands Walt. He’s not looking at any
text: of these photos. He’s down an adjacent hallway, staring at
text: something else, instead.
scene_heading: CLOSER ANGLE - WALT
text: He's studying names engraved on an old plaque. It’s a list
dialog: of grad students awarded a particular research grant.
scene_heading: Closer. “ORGANIC CHEMISTRY, 1988 -- Walter H. White.”
text: Walt stares at his own name on the plaque. We can’t read his
dialog: thoughts, but we can guess at them.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: EXT. CALTECH CAMPUS - COFFEE STAND ~ DAY
text: An outdoor snack bar. Walt sits alone. Around him, young
text: STUDENTS pore over textbooks or quietly type on laptops.
text: Walt sips his coffee and stares into space.
text: At the nearest table, a CHINESE GUY sits with two CHINESE
text: GIRLS. They’re laughing and talking in CANTONESE. They keep
dialog: their voices low so their gossip might not be overheard --
dialog: but it’s not like we have any idea what they’re saying.
text: Walt takes another sip of coffee, carefully sets down the
text: cup. He looks at his hand for a long moment.
text: He notices his fingers are TREMBLING slightly. He makes a
text: fist, squeezes it tight. Opens it.
text: The Asian students are talking a mile-a-minute, the two girls
text: giggling. Walt glances at them, looks back to his hand. He
text: presses it flat against the tabletop.
text: UP-ANGLE -- as seen through this GLASS TOP TABLE, Walt's
text: fingers stick to the surface. They pull loose with a slow,
text: gluey SLURP.
text: CLOSER on Walt. He rubs his mouth, sneaks his fingertips to
text: his carotid artery just under his ear. He’s feeling his
text: pulse. The furtive whispering in CHINESE fills his head.
text: He's starting to breathe faster.
text: His cellphone RINGS. He glances at the readout screen.
text: “HOME,” it says. Walt silences it, tucks the phone back in
text: his pocket.
text: Rapid~fire CHINESE is all we hear. Now it gets drowned out
text: by a sudden WHOOSH that makes Walt blink. It’s the whoosh of
text: the nearby cappuccino machine. It’s unnaturally loud, like a
text: jet engine. Walt’s had enough. Time to go.
scene_heading: HIGH ANGLE - DOWN THROUGH THE TREES
text: Magnolia leaves sway in f.g. We're looking down at Walt,
text: tiny in the distance, as he rises to his feet. He makes it
text: three steps before he COLLAPSES, flipping an empty table.
text: Students look up, hesitate. The Chinese guy and a couple of
text: others rise to help. Off Walt, lying on his face...
speaker_heading: END ACT ONE
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: ACT TWO
scene_heading: INT. ER - EXAM ROOM — DAY
text: Walt is conscious, seems okay. He sits in a blue paper gown,
text: legs dangling off an exam table. He’s alone, waiting.
text: Absently tapping the table. He’s been here for hours.
text: Muffled RINGING. Walt reaches for his pants, fishes out his
text: cellphone. “HOME” is yet again displayed on the readout.
text: Walt considers, answers it.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Hey.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Yeah, sorry. TI had it turned off.
dialog: I was, uh...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Yeah, probably about an hour or so.
text: Amid the bustle out in the hall, two ER DOCTORS stand
text: conferring. They’re looking at blood chemistry results --
text: first one man studies them, then the other. When one of them
text: glances back our way, we realize they’re talking about Walt.
text: Walt sees this. He can’t hear what they’re saying, but it
text: looks weighty. Walt is anxious. However, he doesn’t let it
text: come through in his voice.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: I'm at Caltech. I ran into an old
dialog: professor, we got to talking. I
dialog: should be home in about an hour.
dialog: Okay.
text: Walt clicks off. He looks again to the doctors in the hall.
text: One man nods to the other, walks off. The remaining doctor
text: puts on his bedside smile and enters Walt’s room.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Sorry for the wait. You can put
dialog: your clothes back on.
text: Walt climbs off the table, steps into his pants.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: I’ve had it before. Low blood
dialog: sugar. Stood up too fast.
text: He's fishing. The doctor doesn’t saying anything, just fills
text: out a form. Walt pulls on his shirt, buttons it.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 19,
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Guess I should’ve had breakfast
dialog: this morning.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: There’s a specialist I’d like you
text: to see. His name is Dr. Belknap.
dialog: I should have his... card here
dialog: somewhere. Yes.
text: The doctor finds a business card, hands it to Walt. Walt
text: stands in his socks, staring at the card for a long beat.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Oncologist...
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: (forced breezy)
dialog: It’s probably absolutely nothing.
scene_heading: INT. DR. BELKNAP'S OFFICE/EXAM AREA - DAY
text: Days later. A MONTAGE OF CLOSE-UPS: a blood pressure cuff
text: gets pumped with a WHOOSH-WHOOSH-WHOOSH; a stethoscope slides
text: here and there over bare skin; glands get palpated; blood is
text: drawn; eyes, ears, nose and throat are checked; more blood is
text: drawn; colorful MRIs pop up on a monitor; still more BLOOD is
scene_heading: drawn. END MONTAGE.
text: cUT TO —- Walt in his street clothes, sitting in a red
text: leather chair. He's staring almost directly into camera.
text: SILENCE. Up from it rises a faint sort of buzzy, shimmering
text: TINNITUS sound. It’s the RINGING in Walt’s ears. It gets
text: louder as we slowly CREEP IN on Walt’s face. He‘’s staring at
text: us blankly. He’s staring at:
text: Walt’s POV -- DOCTOR BELKNAP. Dr. Belknap is a balding man
text: in his late fifties. On a good day, he’s maybe avuncular.
text: He’s sitting behind his desk, looking right at us, talking in
text: slight SLOW-MOTION. We don’t hear a single word he’s saying.
text: We only hear the buzzy RINGING.
text: CLOSER POV -- we tilt down from Belknap’s face, his moving
text: lips, to his doctor’s coat. On the pristine white of his
text: lapel, there's a spot of yellow MUSTARD. We fixate on it.
dialog: Suddenly:
speaker_heading: DR. BELKNAP
dialog: -- Mr. White? Are you listening?
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 20.
text: We’ve snapped out of it. The SOUND in the room is normal.
text: No more SLOW-MOTION. Walt looks up from the man’s lapel.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DR. BELKNAP
dialog: Did you..?. You understoed what
dialog: I’ve said to you?
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Yeah. Multiple myeloma. Stage 3.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Best-case scenario, with chemo,
dialog: I‘ll live another two years.
dialog: (off the man‘s gaze)
dialog: It’s just, you’ve got mustard on
dialog: your... you’ve got mustard there.
text: Walt points. Belknap glances down at the spot on his lapel,
text: then back up at Walt. He has no idea what to say to that.
text: Off Walt, looking very matter-of-fact... disconcertingly so:
scene_heading: INT. VELVET-TOUCH CAR WASH ~ OFFICE - EVENING
dialog: Same clothes, same day -- Walt came to work straight from
text: getting his terrible news. He’s on autopilot, standing
text: behind the cash register. The BUZZ is back in his head.
text: Amir is in the b.g., arguing on the phone in
text: sound is muted. We can barely hear him. We
text: he’s yelling about anyway -- it’s pointless,
text: We’re on Walt, who simply stares into space.
dialog: Farsi. The
dialog: don’t know what
dialog: doesn’t matter.
text: No customers. Walt suddenly jerks, like a tiny zap of
text: electricity goes through him. He steps out from behind the
text: counter and exits. Amir doesn’t notice him leave.
text: As seen through the windows, Walt pads along
dialog: like a zombie
text: and nearly gets run over by a car. The vatos all watch,
text: confused, as Walt climbs in his Nissan and drives away.
scene_heading: INT. NISSAN SENTRA —- DRIVING - EVENING
text: Walt drives. Not speeding. No expression on his face.
text: His POV: it’s a straight shot up the 10 Freeway. The
text: familiar TRIPLE OVERPASS looms ahead in the distance.
text: Walt stares at it like it’s the monolith in ”2001.”
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: EXT. OVERPASS - CONTINUOUS
text: An AERIAL VIEW, looking straight down at this vast and
text: complex concrete knot. Walt’s tiny Nissan is an ant
text: trundling toward it. The car disappears from view
text: underneath, as if being swallowed.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - KITCHEN - EVENING
text: A glass of white wine. Skyler stands talking on the phone.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Absolutely. I sent it to you on
dialog: the third. It’s number... wait a
dialog: minute, let me get my checkbook.
text: She cups a hand over the phone, does nothing. After a beat:
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Here it is. It’s check number
dialog: 1148. So my records show I paid
dialog: that, and I certainly don’t feel
dialog: like we owe any late...
dialog: (listens)
dialog: Alright. I guess then I’1] check
dialog: with my bank and, I don’t know, if
dialog: the post office lost it or
dialog: something... alright then. Let me
dialog: look into that. Thank you.
text: Walt enters, hearing the tail-end. Skyler hangs up.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: You're home early.
text: Walt nods, finds a beer in the fridge. His fingers tremble a
text: little as he pries off the cap. Skyler doesn’t notice --
text: she’s sifting through a stack of bills.
text: Walt sits at the table. He drinks deep, rubs his mouth.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: How was your day?
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: You know. Samé.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: Don’t tell me Amir’s sending you
text: home at five now.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: No, just. Today.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: (studying a bill)
dialog: Did you use the MasterCard last
dialog: month? $15.88 at Staples?
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Uh. We needed printer paper.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: Walt, the MasterCard’s the one we
dialog: don’t use.
text: Walt nods, overwhelmed and hiding it. Skyler doesn’t know
dialog: about his doctor’s appointment. Even if Walt wants to tell
text: her, something stops him. He sips his beer, stares.
text: Loud MACHINE GUN FIRE startles them both. Skyler yells into
text: the living room.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
text: DAMMIT, WALTER! TURN THAT DOWN!
speaker_heading: (more GUNFIRE)
dialog: Go talk to him.
text: Walt rises, sets his bottle in the sink.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: The end of “Scarface” plays on the TV. TONY MONTANA, with
text: his mountain of cocaine and his M-16, takes on all comers.
text: Walter, Jr. is sprawled on the couch, watching. His crutches
text: are leaned against the armrest.
dialog: WALTER, JR.
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Hey.
dialog: (watches TV, remembers)
dialog: Your Mom wants you to turn it down.
dialog: WALTER, JR.
dialog: Shit, come--on. This is--the best--
dialog: Wait, wait...
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: TONY MONTANA (ON TV)
text: COME AN’ MEET MY LEETLE FRIEND!
dialog: WALTER, JR.
dialog: Oh--damnt Hell, yeah!
text: Walter, Jr. awkwardly pumps his fist. Walt keeps watching.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: DVD?
dialog: WALTER, JR.
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Uncle Hank--gave--it to me.
text: Walt’s eyes stay on the screen. The garish little kingpin
text: mows down acres of Columbians, then dies in a blaze of glory.
dialog: Off Walt, whose thoughts are unknown to us...
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Glowing blue numbers project on the cottage cheese ceiling:
text: 4:26 AM. Walt lies awake beside his sleeping wife.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - SPARE BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: SQUEAK-SQUEAK, SQUEAK-SQUEAK. Walt thumps up and down on his
text: cheapie stair-stepper. He speeds up -- faster than the last
text: time. Thump, thump, thump. As seen through the bars of the
text: empty crib, he’s really working it hard.
text: Sweat beads on his face. Bam, bam, bam. Faster, faster.
text: Harder. Violent. Sweat drips off his nose. Until --
text: -- CRACK. He BREAKS the stair-stepper. One footpad snaps
text: free, hangs limp. Walt steps off and examines it.
text: He stares down at it for the longest time. We CREEP IN on
text: his face. The thousand-yard stare he’s had since Doctor
text: Belknap’s office gives way to something else now.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Two years.
text: He says it barely audibly. It’s like the clouds have parted.
text: The situation has finally, truly registered in Walt’s brain.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE - DAWN
text: Early morning. A faint glow in the sky. Silence except for
text: the THWACK... THWACK of the NEWSPAPER GUY driving past.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAWN
text: Walt sits alone at the kitchen table, staring into space.
text: Deep in thought. Considering something carefully. He rises,
text: picks up the phone and dials. Keeps his voice low.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Hank? Hey, it’s Walt. I didn’t
dialog: wake you, did I?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Good. Listen, I've been thinking.
dialog: Could I take you up on your offer?
dialog: The ride-along?
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE-COLLAR NEIGHBORHOOD - MORNING
dialog: A different morning -~ these things take time to set up.
text: We're in a neighborhood not unlike Walt’s. A non-descript
text: Ford is parked at the curb, blended in with the other cars.
speaker_heading: HANK (0.S.)
text: It’s down there on the cul-de-sac.
dialog: White? Kinda redwood-looking trim?
scene_heading: INT. FORD - MORNING — CONTINUOUS
text: Hank sits behind the wheel. A subordinate agent, GOMEZ, is
text: beside him. Hank is pointing out the TARGET HOUSE to Walt,
text: who sits in the back seat in an ill-fitting bulletproof vest.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: See it?
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Yeah.
text: Tiny house, a block down the street. Not at all noteworthy.
speaker_heading: WALT .
dialog: (quiet interest)
dialog: That’s a meth lab.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: So says our snitch. Says some dude
text: who goes by “Cap‘n Cook” lives up
dialog: to his name in there. Got himself
text: a three pound flask and keeps it
text: bubbling day and night. Says he
dialog: always adds a dash of chili powder.
dialog: (to Gomez)
dialog: Ah, you exuberant Mexicans.
speaker_heading: GOMEZ
dialog: Uh-uh. “Cap’n Cook?” -- that’s a
dialog: white boy's name. Dopey as hell.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: Yeah? I got twenty bucks says he’s
dialog: a beaner.
speaker_heading: GOMEZ
dialog: You’re on.
text: A yellow SCHOOL BUS chugs into frame, driving past.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: Ah, here we go. Finally.
dialog: (into his radio)
dialog: School bus is clear. You got the
text: green light.
text: An affirmation comes back. Hank starts his engine.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: (smiling, to Walt)
dialog: Watch this. This makes ‘em shit.
text: Out of the distance, we hear a BIG ENGINE REVVING, speeding
text: our way. A TRUCK roars past, heading for the cul-de-sac.
text: Hank slowly follows it in his Ford -- just so Walt can see,
text: Hank hums Ride Of The Valkyries, channeling “Apocalypse Now.”
text: Walt‘’s POV: as seen through the windshield, the lead truck
text: goes speeding into the target house’s driveway. An ENTRY
text: TEAM of six agents jumps out, looking like they just came
text: from the set of a sci-fi movie -- they’re covered head-to-toe
text: in CHEMICAL SUITS and RESPIRATOR GEAR. They carry carbines
text: and shotguns. One man lugs a battering ram.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: Meth labs are nasty on a good day --
dialog: but when you mix that stuff wrong,
dialog: you wind up with mustard gas.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Phosgene gas, I think.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: Yeah, exactly. One whiff’1ll kill
dialog: you. That's why the moon suits.
text: Walt nods, watches the entry team take position at the door.
scene_heading: INT. TARGET HOUSE - KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
dialog: To call this a shithole would be an insult to shitholes
text: everywhere. There’s filthy clothes, overflowing garbage,
text: rotting pizza boxes dating to the Clinton administration...
text: along with stacked cannisters of plumber’s lye and Coleman
text: stove fuel. A rambling, Rube Goldberg lab of hoses and
text: buckets stands out against the knotty pine panelling.
text: A Mexican man, EMILIO, sits at the kitchen table, listening
text: to headphones -- oblivious to the o.s. BANGING at the door.
text: He’s got an enormous mound of RED POWDER in front of him, and
text: an even bigger pile of MATCHBOOKS on the floor.
text: He scrapes off the striker strips and collects the powder.
text: This is a source of red phosphorus for meth production.
text: BOOOM! The front door busts open. Feds pour in, pointing
text: guns and breathing through their masks like Darth Vader.
text: Emilio nearly pisses himself. He starts to run for it, but
text: doesn‘t get far. The agents hold him down, cuff him.
scene_heading: EXT. TARGET HOUSE - MORNING
text: Hank, Gomez and Walt wait in the Ford. The RADIO crackles.
speaker_heading: AGENT (RADIO V.O.)
dialog: House is clear. We’ve got one
text: suspect in custody.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: Copy that. The suspect... might he
dialog: be of the Latin persuasion?
speaker_heading: AGENT (RADIO V.0.)
dialog: Si, Senor.
text: Hank triumphantly puts a hand out. Gomez grumbles and pays
dialog: him his twenty.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: Cheer up. You people still got
dialog: J. Lo.
dialog: (grins at Walt)
dialog: How you doing back there, buddy?
dialog: This sure as hell beats spending
dialog: your day clapping erasers, huh?
text: Walt smiles, acts agreeable. Hank turns to Gomez.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: I made the mistake of watching
dialog: “Jeopardy” with this dude one time.
dialog: He is a stud, Gomez. He’s a
dialog: brainiac. BEEP! “What is E equals
dialog: MC squared, Alex?” BEEP! “What
dialog: is, like, freaking... Shakespeare?
dialog: Hamlet?” I’m telling you Walt, you
dialog: shoulda gone on that show. You’da
dialog: cleaned up.
speaker_heading: GOMEZ
dialog: Right on, man.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: (to Gomez)
dialog: Shit, you don’t know the half of
dialog: it. Two big companies wanted him
dialog: while he was still in college.
dialog: He coulda written his own ticket.
text: Hank looks to Walt for confirmation. Walt stares out the
text: window, barely shrugs -- and changes the subject.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Hank? Do you think I might get to
dialog: go inside? See the lab?
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: Yeah, tell you what -- we’re gonna
dialog: go peek our heads in, check it out.
dialog: Stay here a minute.
text: Hank and Gomez exit the car, leaving Walt behind.
text: Walt’s pleasant demeanor fades. Spending time with Hank is
text: hard for him. While feds in moon suits come and go across
text: the lawn, Walt's attention drifts to the HOUSE NEXT DOOR.
text: He double-takes, noticing a high WINDOW get raised. It’s out
text: of sight of the D.E.A. agents. Only Walt can see as...
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 
dialog: 28,
text: --- A DUDE dressed only in underpants backs out the window.
text: He dangles for a moment, then drops eight feet to the grass.
text: This guy is white, gawky, early 20s -- picture a hip Shaggy
text: from “Scooby Doo.” His sneakers come tumbling from the
text: window, nearly hitting him in the head. Above him, a naked
text: HOUSEWIFE leans out, boobs dangling, frantically tossing him
text: his jeans, his socks, his Cypress Hill T-shirt.
text: The kid dresses at mach speed, peeks around the corner of the
text: house. He’s desperate not to be seen by the feds.
text: Walt watches, jaw slackening. He can’t believe his eyes.
text: He recognizes this kid. He knows him.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: {to himself)
dialog: God. Dupree..?
dialog: It's like a psychic connection -- at this moment, the kid,
text: MARION ALAN DUPREE, feels eyes on him. He turns and looks,
text: even more shocked to see Walt than Walt is to see him.
text: Staring at Walt, Dupree swallows hard, puts a finger to his
text: lips -- shhh. Keeping one eye on the D.E.A., he hurries to
text: an old Daytona parked on the curb.
text: As it creeps away, Walt notes the license plate: “THE CAPN.”
text: Nobody sees any of this but Walt. He climbs out of the back
text: of the Ford, watching Dupree go. He still can’t believe it.
text: Hank surprises him, having walked up behind him carrying a
text: shoebox in a big evidence bag. It’s stuffed full of CASH.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: Hey, check it out, Walt -- these
text: assholes like their shoeboxes
dialog: better’n Bank Of America.
text: Walt stares at all that beautiful green, turns and glances
text: back down the street. The Daytona is gone.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: Whatcha looking at?
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: HANK
dialog: Wanna come meet a bad guy?
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 29.
text: Walt nods, follows him to the house. He’s not going to tell
dialog: Hank what he knows.
scene_heading: EXT, BUNGALOW STREET - NIGHT
text: We're in an old neighborhood of Sears-Roebuck cottages up in
text: the foothills. One particular bungalow is shabbier than the
text: rest. Its paint peels off like sunburned skin.
scene_heading: EXT. BUNGALOW - BACK YARD - NIGHT
text: “THE CAPN” license plate gets covered -- Dupree is out here
text: in the darkness, hurriedly draping his Daytona with a tarp.
text: He’s antsy as hell. Hearing FOOTSTEPS, he grabs a tire iron,
text: crouches behind the car. The FOOTSTEPS slow, stop.
speaker_heading: WALT (0.S.)
dialog: It‘s me. I’m alone.
text: Walt appears out of the blackness. Dupree slowly rises.
text: After a wary beat:
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: How'd you find me?
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: You’re still in our filing system.
dialog: Your aunt owns this place, right?
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: I own it.
text: Walt nods. Whatever. He glances at the tarp.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Nobody’s looking for you.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: I was curious.
dialog: (a beat; shrug)
dialog: Honestly, I never expected you to
dialog: amount to much. Methamphetamine,
dialog: though. I didn’t picture that.
dialog: (off the silence)
dialog: Lotta money in it, huh?
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 30.
text: Dupree peers into the darkness beyond Walt, wonders who else
text: is out there. His hand tightens around the tire iron.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: I don’t know what you’re talking
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: No? .
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: No freakin’ clue.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Huh. Cap’n Cook? That’s not you?
dialog: (off his head shake)
dialog: Like I said, no one’s looking for
dialog: you. I didn’t tell anyone.
text: Dupree grows more agitated. His voice stays low.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: I don’t know what you think you’re
dialog: doing here, Mr. White. If you're
dialog: planning on giving me some bullshit
dialog: about getting right with Jesus or
dialog: something, turning myself in -—-
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: No. Not really.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: You ain't “Welcome Back, Kotter,”
dialog: so step off. No speeches.
text: Dupree points the tire iron for emphasis.. Walt should leave,
text: but he doesn’t. Instead...
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Short speech. You lost your
dialog: partner today. What’s-his-name,
dialog: Emilio? Emilio’s going to prison.
dialog: The D.E.A. took your money, your
dialog: lab. You got nothing. Square one.
dialog: But you know the business, and I
dialog: know the chemistry. I’m thinking.
dialog: Maybe you and I... partner up.
text: Long, pregnant silence. Dupree can’t believe his ears.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: You -- wanna cook crystal meth.
dialog: (off Walt’s nod)
dialog: You. You and me.
text: Walt means it. Dupree breaks into a crooked, spreading grin.
text: Before he can laugh out loud --
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Either that, or I turn you in.
text: Dupree’s smile fades. Off Walt, serious as a heart attack...
speaker_heading: END ACT TWO
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: ACT THREE
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE — KITCHEN — AFTERNOON
text: Brown shipping tape gets pulled off its roll with a SKRRECK!
text: Skyler seals a cardboard box, readies it for the post office.
text: The kitchen table is stacked with bubble wrap and boxes.
text: Marie helps pack. She holds up an item.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: What the hell is this?
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: Damned if I know. I described it
dialog: as a “mid-century objet d'art.”
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: And somebody bought it?
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: Some guy in Minneapolis. Fourteen
dialog: dollars plus shipping -- and I got
text: it at a yard sale for eighty cents.
dialog: God, I love eBay.
text: Marie shakes her head, bubble-wraps the objet.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: At this rate, in fifty or sixty
dialog: years you'll] be rich.
text: That's the dynamic -- Marie is constantly yitzing her older
text: sister. Sometimes, she’s not even aware she’s doing it.
text: She’s just naturally negative. And competitive.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: What’s up with Walt lately?
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: He’s fine. What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: He just seems... I don’t know.
text: Quieter than usual.
text: Skyler thinks about it, shrugs.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: Turning forty was a big deal. I
dialog: know I’m not looking forward to it.
dialog: (smirk)
dialog: You ~~ are gonna be a basket~case.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: So, it's a mid-life crisis.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: No. He’s just. Quiet.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: How’s the sex?
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: Marie! Jesus.
text: Marie holds up her hands. Whatever. Irked, Skyler runs her
text: tape gun over the top of a box -- SKKKRRRECK. A beat or two.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: (mumbles )
dialog: Guess that answers that.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL - CLASSROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Walt‘s chem lab is empty -- school has ended for the day.
text: Hurrying around, Walt peers in cabinets high and low, pulls
text: out FLASKS, BEAKERS, TUBING, STANDS and BURNERS. He gathers
text: all this up, loads it in a cardboard box.
text: He pauses, hit by a brief fit of COUGHING. He recovers,
text: sniffs and feels his chest with his fingertips. Margaret the
text: physics teacher sticks her head in the door behind him.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Hey, you’re still here.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Oh, hey.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: I missed lunch -- I was thinking of
dialog: swinging by T.G.I. Fridays. I
dialog: could use a drink. How ‘bout you?
text: Walt clearly would like to join her, and she knows it.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Shoot, I can’t. My other job.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Okay. Some other time.
dialog: (notices the box)
dialog: Whatcha doing?
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Oh. Inventory. Not a week goes by
dialog: my kids don’t break two or three
text: pieces of glassware.
text: Margaret considers. Does she believe him? We don’t know.
text: But then she winks at him, leaves. Walt glances at his box
dialog: full of school property. Shit, that was close. He carries
text: it to the door, pauses to peek out. No witnesses.
text: Walt flicks off the classroom lights with his back, then
text: humps the heavy box down the hall and out of the building.
scene_heading: EXT. BUNGALOW - AFTERNOON
text: Dupree sits on his front porch, drinking a long-neck beer and
text: glowering. Walt’s Nissan putters into view, reverses and
text: backs into Dupree’s driveway. Walt climbs out, jazzed.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Look what I got.
text: Walt opens his hatchback. Dupree doesn’t budge. Walt stares
text: at him -- a teacher staring at a recalcitrant student --
text: until Dupree slouches down the steps.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Quit my part-time job -- I’ve got
dialog: four hours to devote to this every
dialog: afternoon. And...
text: Walt lifts a blanket, revealing his CARGO. Lots of goodies.
text: Dupree peers at the stolen lab gear, pulls something out.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Ah. Kjeldahl-style recovery flask,
dialog: 2000 milliliters. Very nice. You
dialog: got your Griffin beakers, you got
dialog: your volumetric. But check this
dialog: out -- the piéce de résistance.
dialog: Round bottom boiling flask, 5000
dialog: milliliters.
text: Big. Dupree wipes his nose with his sleeve, refusing to be
text: impressed. He points to something else instead.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: I cook in one of those. A big one.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: This? This is an Erlenmeyer flask.
dialog: You wouldn't cook in one of these.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Yeah. I do.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: No, you don’t. An Erlenmeyer flask
dialog: is for general mixing and
dialog: titration. You do not apply heat
dialog: to an Erlenmeyer flask. That's
text: what the boiling flask is for.
dialog: Did you not learn anything in my
dialog: chemistry class?
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: No. . You flunked me, remember?
dialog: Prick? And let me tell you
dialog: something else -- this shit ain’t
dialog: chemistry. This shit is art.
dialog: Cooking is art. The shit I cook is
dialog: the bomb, so don’t be telling me!
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: The shit you cook is shit.
dialog: I saw your setup. Ridiculous.
dialog: (firm)
dialog: You and I will not make garbage.
dialog: We will produce a chemically pure
dialog: and stable product that performs as
dialog: advertised. No adulterants.
dialog: No baby formula. No chili powder.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Chili P’s my signature!
text: Walt shakes his head -- not anymore.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Yeah, well we'll see about that.
dialog: The hell’s all this?
text: He pulls out heavy LAB APRONS, GLOVES, RESPIRATORS. These
dialog: are the respirators we saw Walt and Dupree wearing in the
text: Teaser (Dupree was Walt’‘s unconscious PASSENGER, by the way).
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Lab safety. We're also gonna have
text: an emergency eye wash station.
dialog: These chemicals and their fumes are
dialog: toxic -- or didn’t you know that?
text: Dupree holds up an apron, snorts.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Hey, you can dress up like a faggot
dialog: if you want. Not me.
text: Walt glares at him, losing patience. Dupree roots through
text: the piles of RAW SUPPLIES Walt has brought along.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Stove fuel... not enough of it.
dialog: Lye. You got the generic crap.
dialog: Red Devil’s better. Iodine,
dialog: matches... also not my brand.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Somehow, we'll manage.
dialog: (points)
dialog: Sinus tablets. That should be
dialog: enough pseudoephedrine to produce
dialog: the first pound. Then I’m thinking
dialog: we can switch to a proper phenyl-2-
dialog: propanone method.
text: Dupree’s not listening. Instead, he’s noticed something
dialog: about Walt’s shopping bags. They’re all the SAME.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Wait. Tell me you didn’t buy all
dialog: this from one single goddamn store.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Jesus! They know what you’re doing
dialog: with this! Any goddamn retard they
dialog: got workin’ a register’s gonna know
dialog: you‘re making crystal! You’re
dialog: probably on some list now!
dialog: (as if to a child)
dialog: You buy -- your supplies --
dialog: piecemeal. One store at a time,
text: one item at a time.
text: Walt looks worried now. Chastened.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: It was way over in West Covina.
dialog: I paid cash. Nobody seemed to...
text: Dupree considers Walt. Studies him like he’s from Mars.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Acting like some skippy little
dialog: bitch. Like this is fun and games.
dialog: This shit is shit you take --
dialog: serious.
text: Walt suppresses his anger, stares at him evenly.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Life and death.
scene_heading: EXT. BUNGALOW - GARAGE/BACK YARD - AFTERNOON
text: Chemicals, labware, supplies -- the last of the carload of
text: stuff Walt brought gets packed into a back corner of Dupree’s
text: messy old garage. Dupree covers it with a tarp.
speaker_heading: DUPREEB
text: This doesn’t stay more than a day.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: What, aren't we gonna cook here?
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: No, we’re not gonna cook here.
dialog: This is my house. I don’t shit
dialog: where I eat.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Then where are we going to work?
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: You tell me. This is your deal,
dialog: man. You wanna smoke it up, smoke
dialog: it up at your house.
dialog: (off Walt’s look)
dialog: Nah. I didn’t think so. Oh, well.
text: Silence as Walt considers. Stubs at the dirt with his heel.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: What if we rented a self-storage
dialog: place? One of those little orange
dialog: garages? Worked out of there?
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Nah, they're onto that. They got
text: dogs that sniff around.
dialog: (grudgingly)
dialog: RV. That’s what you want.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: What, like a Winnebago?
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: I know a dude wants to sell his.
dialog: He just goes camping with it -- but
text: a mobile meth lab‘d be the bomb.
dialog: You can drive way out in the
dialog: boonies. Be all evasive.
dialog: (gauging Walt‘s interest)
dialog: Forty-five hundred’d get you in.
text: Off Walt, already calculating how to swing this:
scene_heading: INT. CREDIT UNION —- AFTERNOON
text: The name on the wall says “Ontario Teachers Credit Union.”
text: It’s closing time. We find Walt standing at the counter,
text: doing business with a TELLER and a BRANCH MANAGER.
text: CLOSER -- crisp ONE HUNDRED DOLLAR BILLS get counted out.
speaker_heading: TELLER
dialog: «+. Thirty-nine, forty. Four
dialog: thousand... ten, fifteen, sixteen
dialog: dollars and... sixty-four cents.
text: Walt stares down at the money, locking distant. Removed.
text: The manager doesn’t feel good about this at all.
speaker_heading: BRANCH MANAGER
dialog: Mr. White, are you sure you want to
dialog: do this? I’m thinking you'd
dialog: qualify for a home equity loan.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: I’ve got two already.
speaker_heading: BRANCH MANAGER
dialog: You do understand you are losing
dialog: nearly seven thousand dollars of
dialog: principal. And that this leaves
dialog: your pension account with a zero
dialog: balance.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Yes. I understand.
text: He's perfectly calm. The man stares at Walt, bewildered.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: BRANCH MANAGER
dialog: I’m concerned you’1] want this
dialog: money when it comes time to retire.
text: Walt shrugs and smiles, doesn’t answer.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - AFTERNOON
text: CLOSE ON a fat handful of CASH. Dupree counts it, impressed.
text: We're in a shopping center lot, mostly empty. In b.g. is the
text: eredit union. Dupree and Walt sit in Dupree’s Daytona.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: It's four grand. My guy wants
dialog: forty-five hundred.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: You're a drug dealer, Negotiate.
text: Dupree thinks about it, shoves the money in his pants.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: You’re not how I remember you from
dialog: class. I mean, like, not at all.
text: Walt checks his watch.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: I gotta go.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Wait. Hold up. Tell me why you’re
dialog: doing this. Seriously.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: {a beat)
dialog: Why do you do it?
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Money, mainly.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: There you have it.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Nah. Come on, man! Some straight
dialog: like you, giant stick up his ass...
dialog: all a sudden at age, what, fifty
dialog: he’s just gonna break bad?
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: I’m forty-one.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: It’s weird, is all. It doesn't
dialog: compute. If you’re like... crazy
dialog: or something... if you’ve gone
dialog: crazy, or depressed. I’m just
dialog: saying. That’s something I need to
dialog: know about. That affects me.
text: Walt stares at Dupree a long time, considers how to answer.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: I am... awake.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: (a confused beat)
dialog: What?
text: Walt pulls the handle, opens his passenger door.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Buy the RV. We start tomorrow.
text: Walt gets in his old Nissan, parked beside the Daytona.
text: Off Dupree, worriedly watching him go:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM - NIGHT
text: It's tight in here. Familiar CRUTCHES lean against the wall.
text: Walter, Jr. sits on a bench, struggling to pull a stiff new
text: pair of off-brand jeans over his bare legs.
speaker_heading: SKYLER (0.S.)
dialog: How you coming in there?
dialog: WALTER, JR.
dialog: Fine.
text: Anything but. Young Walter works at it valiantly, but the
dialog: design of this room is giving him trouble. He won’t ask for
dialog: help and his folks know it. After a while:
speaker_heading: SKYLER (0.S.)
dialog: You want me or your Dad?
dialog: WALTER, JR.
dialog: (gives up; annoyed)
dialog: Dad.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 41.
text: The door opens and Walt enters. Not a word is said as Walt
text: leans down and his son wraps his arms around his neck. While
text: Walter, Jr. holds on, his dad lifts him a little and works
text: the jeans up onto his thighs and waist.
text: It’s intimate in a way that’s tough on a teenager, but
text: Walter, Jr. keeps his dignity. Walt handles it well, too.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: How do these fit? You like these?
text: Walter, Jr. shrugs, nods. Walt zips up his son, buttons him.
scene_heading: INT. DEPARTMENT STORE - NIGHT —- MINUTES LATER
dialog: We're in a Target or somesuch. The men’s department.
text: Walter, Jr. stands before a mirror, balancing on his crutches
text: as he appraises his new jeans. Skyler and Walt stand behind
text: him. Walt’s thoughts are distant as he watches his son.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: Don’t get ‘em if they’re too tight.
dialog: WALTER, JR.
dialog: they ‘re--pre--shrunk.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: They always say that, then they
dialog: shrink anyway.
text: As Walter, Jr. considers, we hear a faint o.s. COMMOTION.
speaker_heading: JOCK (0.S.)
dialog: Big boy pants. I got new big boy
dialog: pants. Mommmeeee...
text: Walt snaps out of it, turns and looks. Twenty feet away,
text: partially hidden by clothing racks, are three GUYS, probably
text: just out of high school. They're laughing hard, making a
text: token effort to keep their voices low.
text: The biggest among them, a tall JOCK, is gimping around,
text: playing “retard” and cracking up the other two. They glance
dialog: our way -- it’s clear they’re making fun of WALTER, JR.
speaker_heading: JOCK
dialog: Mommmeee, zip up my big boy pants.
text: Choked LAUGHTER and WHISPERS. Walter, Jr. hears. He sets
text: his jaw and ignores it, his face burning.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 42.
text: Skyler is livid. She’s about to go give these guys bloody
text: hell, but Walt touches a hand to her arm, stops her.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: No, don’t.
text: Before she can ask why not, Walt walks off in the opposite
text: direction. He disappears down an aisle. Is he looking for
dialog: the manager? A security guard? What’s he doing?
text: Skyler is dismayed he’s not standing up for their son.
text: Frustrated. Until she notices:
text: NEW ANGLE -- the jock is still flogging the joke as WALT
text: enters frame behind him. Unbeknownst to everyone, Walt has
text: quickly looped around, stalking up behind these guys.
speaker_heading: JOCK
dialog: Oh no. Oh no. I pinched a loaf in
dialog: my big boy pa--
text: Wham! Walt kicks the back of the jock’s KNEE, dropping the
text: big guy painfully to the floor. Before the startled jock can
text: get up, Walt stands full-weight on his ANKLE. Leverage.
speaker_heading: JOCK
dialog: AAHH! Whu ~~ what are you DOING?!
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: What's the matter, Chief? You
dialog: having trouble walking there?
dialog: Stand up. Don’t be a retard.
dialog: Stand up and walk.
speaker_heading: JOCK
dialog: AAAHH! GET OFF ME!
text: Walt raises his foot. The jock scrambles to his feet,
text: towering over Walt.
speaker_heading: JOCK
dialog: I’1l1 mess you up, man!
dialog: The kid's nearly a head taller, 240. Doesn’t mean jack-shit
text: to Walt, who gets in his face. Walt looks slightly crazy.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Well, don’t keep me waiting.
text: The jock is already backing off. His two friends are
text: spooked, as well -- tugging at him to leave.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: JOCK
dialog: Screw you. Freakin’ psycho.
text: B.M.O.C. limps off with his tail between his legs. Skyler
text: and Walter, Jr. stand staring, amazed. They’ve never seen
dialog: anything like it. Certainly not from their husband and dad.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: Walt..?
text: Standing here, Walt feels a kind of power -- one brought on
text: by an absence of fear.
text: Off him, realizing more and more that he likes it:
speaker_heading: END ACT THREE
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: AcT_ FOUR
scene_heading: EXT. COW PASTURE ~ AFTERNOON
text: Black and white cows graze in f.g. We drift off them and
text: focus on a stand of WOODS in the distance.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - AFTERNOON
text: Familiar to us from the Teaser, the old WINNEBAGO is parked
text: off a dirt road. Dupree’s Daytona is here, too. We‘re in
text: the middle of nowhere. There’s nobody around for miles.
text: The Winnie's screen door opens. Walt steps out, looks
text: around. Breathes deep. He’s got a plastic COAT HANGER he
text: impatiently taps against his leg. Waiting.
text: With a faint CRUNCH of leaves, Dupree appears. He’s clomping
text: toward us, carrying binoculars.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Nothing but cows. Got some big
dialog: cow-house way over that way, like
text: two miles. But I don’t see nobody.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: “Cow~house?”
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: (shrug)
dialog: Where they live. The cows.
dialog: Whatever, man. Shit yeah, let’s
dialog: cook here.
text: Dupree walks off, attends to something in his car. Walt
text: hangs his coat hanger on the RV‘'s awning. He unclips his
text: tie, slides it in his breast pocket. He unbuttons his short
text: sleeve dress shirt, hangs it on the hanger.
text: Dupree wanders back in time to see Walt climb out of his
text: TROUSERS and hang them up. Dupree stops dead in his tracks.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: What. Are you doing?
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: These are my good clothes. I can’t
text: go home smelling like a meth lab.
text: Dupree shakes his head, weirded-out. Walt, stripped down to
text: his UNDERPANTS, climbs into the Winnebago.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: C’mon, I’ve only got till six.
text: He disappears inside. Dupree considers, then reaches in his
dialog: jacket pocket for... a MINI-CAMCORDER (the one we remember
text: from the Teaser). Grinning, he follows Walt into the RV.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: BLACK SCREEN
text: With a DING, up comes a live VIDEO IMAGE of Walt, his back to
text: us. He wears a lab apron, rubber gloves and safety glasses.
text: His respirator is propped on his forehead. We are:
scene_heading: INT. WINNEBAGO - AFTERNOON
text: And we’re watching Dupree’s CAMCORDER POV of Walt at work.
text: Walt is crushing scads of sinus pills in a mortar and pestle.
text: This place is packed tight with lab equipment and supplies.
text: We hear Dupree SNICKERING o.s. He ZOOMS IN on Walt’s
text: underpants, which show through the back of his apron.
speaker_heading: DUPREE (0.S.)
dialog: This is a good look for you.
dialog: You're maybe only the world’s
dialog: second-biggest homo.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Shut up and give me a hand here.
text: Walt glances back at us, notices the camcorder. Shit! He
text: reaches straight into lens, tussling for it. It goes BLACK.
speaker_heading: WALT (0.S.)
dialog: Gimme that goddamned --
text: The screen goes to STATIC. BAM! -- as we bring up MUSIC:
scene_heading: INT. WINNEBAGO ~ AFTERNOON - MONTAGE
text: Edited to the BEAT of some very hip, driving SONG, we see
text: various ANGLES and JUMP-CUTS of Walt cooking meth, assisted
text: by Dupree. Hours are compressed into seconds here.
dialog: For those of us who grew up watching “The A-Team,” this is
dialog: that scene they'd always do where the A-Team builds a tank or
text: a jet plane out of spare parts. Same feeling, same energy --
dialog: except here, our guys are making highly illegal drugs.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 46.
text: Without turning this into a how-to video, we watch as:
text: -- Powdered sinus tablets get soaked in a solvent, separated
text: out as a paste and a liquid, then reduced down over heat.
dialog: -- Veterinary iodine is transformed into hydriodic acid.
text: -- The striker strips of dozens of matchbooks get scraped off
text: with a razor blade, forming a pile of red phosphorus.
dialog: -- Red phosphorus is combined with hydriodic acid and mixed
text: with the pseudoephedrine culled from the sinus pills.
text: -- The whole mess gets cooked into freebase meth oil.
text: -- Salt, muriatic acid, and bits of aluminum foil are mixed
text: in a gas can. It gets connected to a length of garden hose.
text: -- hydrogen chloride gas bubbles through the hose and down
text: into a big bucket full of freebase. White methamphetamine
text: hydrochloride crystals float to the top and get skimmed off.
text: Throughout all this, Walt is working with the utmost gravity
text: and attention to detail -- as if he were a scientist on the
dialog: Manhattan Project. As the cook progresses, we get little
text: hints that Dupree is taking it more seriously, too.
text: Seeing the way Walt works, seeing that he really knows his
text: stuff, Dupree acts more respectful. He even starts wearing
text: his safety gear. Clearly, he’s learning from Walt.
scene_heading: EXT. WINNEBAGO - AFTERNOON
text: The little RV sits hidden in the woods. Toxic-looking YELLOW
text: SMOKE wafts through a vent in the roof. It curls up into the
text: trees, filtering through shafts of red afternoon sunset.
scene_heading: End MUSIC. End MONTAGE.
scene_heading: INT. WINNEBAGO ~ EVENING
text: It’s getting dark outside. The cook is done. Walt sits in
text: his apron, tired. He rubs at the red line around his face
text: left by his respirator, trying to make it go away.
text: They’ve made about a pound of fat, snowy white crystals.
text: Dupree carefully dips into their product with a razor blade,
text: lifting out a tiny sample. He taps it onto a sheet of yellow
text: paper, swirling it around. His eyes are wide.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 47.
text: He’s a whole new Dupree now. Subdued. Awed. It’s as if
dialog: he’s seen the Holy Grail.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: This is... this is glass grade.
dialog: You got... Jesus, you got crystals
dialog: in here a quarter-inch long.
text: Longer. This is pure glass.
dialog: (turns to him)
dialog: You're... you’re Michelangelo.
dialog: You‘re a goddamned artist. This is
dialog: art. Mr. White...
text: He’s run out of superlatives. He’s actually tearing up.
text: Walt is surprised by his emotion.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: It’s just basic chemistry.
dialog: (off his awe)
dialog: But thank you, Marion. I’m glad
dialog: it’s acceptable.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Acceptable? Every jibbhead from
dialog: here to Timbuktu’s gonna want a
dialog: taste! It’s gonna be like, “Sir,
dialog: would you care to replace your
dialog: Schwinn bicycle with this brand-new
dialog: Ferrari?” Shit!
dialog: (dips some more)
dialog: Dude, I gotta try some of this.
text: Uncomfortable with that idea, Walt intercedes.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: No. We sell it, we don’t smoke it.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Since when?
dialog: (Walt puts it away)
dialog: Man, you been watching too much
dialog: "Miami Vice.”
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: {checks his watch)
dialog: So, how do we proceed?
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: You cook more tomorrow. Meantime,
dialog: I know just the guy to talk to.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: INT. KRAZY-8'S HOUSE - MORNING
text: Brand-new giant screen TV. Otherwise, this place looks like
text: a cross between a frat house and.a crack house. KRAZY-8,
text: a young, hard-looking Mexican, sits on a sofa dotted with
text: cigarette burns. He’s playing NBA basketball on his PS2.
text: The front door stands open -- but the screen door, all heavy
text: reinforced steel, is shut. Visible through it, Dupree
text: wanders up onto the porch, cups his eyes and peers in.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Yo, Kraze! How you doin’, my man?
text: Krazy-8 glances over flatly, returns his attention to his
text: video game. Dupree twists the doorknob. Locked.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Can I come in?
text: A beat or two as Krazy-8 keeps playing. Finally, he reaches
text: over, grabs a garage door clicker. He BUZZES Dupree in.
text: Dupree bops into the living room, all smiles. He’s acting
dialog: like he and this guy are tight -- which they are not. Dupree
text: takes a seat, watches the video game.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: I got this game. The Laker Girls
text: all have titties like pine cones.
dialog: Yo, I'll show you a trick move.
dialog: You hit the x-button simultaneous
dialog: with the --
speaker_heading: KRAZY-8
dialog: -- Shut your mouth and show me your
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: I ain’t buying, ese. I’m selling.
text: Dupree tosses a tiny BAGGIE on the coffee table. It’s a
text: “tina” -- one-sixteenth of an ounce of meth. One hit.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Tell me that ain’t the finest
dialog: scante you ever laid eyes on.
text: Krazy-8 glances at the baggie, keeps playing. Glances at it
text: again. Pauses his game and picks it up. Studies it closely.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Huh? See? Crystal so big, look
text: like somebody broke a window.
dialog: Look like you’d cut your nose off.
dialog: Try it.
text: Krazy takes a whiff of the open baggie, considers. He scoops
text: a taste into his pinkie nail and snorts it up his nostril.
speaker_heading: DUPREEB
dialog: BOO-YAH! See? What I say?
text: Krazy squints his eyes, rubs his nose. Jesus -- rocket fuel.
speaker_heading: KRAZY-8
dialog: That's alright.
dialog: (eyeing him)
dialog: Sco, what? You back in business?
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: Hell, yeah I’m back! With a
dialog: vengeance! Nigga gotta make a
dialog: living! And with your cousin gone
dialog: away and all...
dialog: (changes gears)
dialog: And listen homes, about that. It
dialog: really broke me up about Emilio.
dialog: Dude is like my brother.
dialog: (mournful)
dialog: He okay? You talk to him?
speaker_heading: KRAZY-8
dialog: Yeah, I talked to him. He says
dialog: when the feds came, you were out
dialog: stickin’ it in some neighbor lady.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: (shrugs; smiles)
dialog: Hey, you know. I got lucky twice.
speaker_heading: KRAZY-8
dialog: Yeah? I dunno, man. Emilio..?
dialog: (dark)
dialog: He thinks maybe you dimed on him.
text: Dupree’s expression clouds over, surprised and offended.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: That is bullshit. That is
dialog: bullshit, Krazy-8! I should kick
dialog: his punk ass for even thinking
dialog: that. Next time you talk to
dialog: Emilio, you tell him for me.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 50.
text: A TOILET FLUSHES o.s. Krazy-8 nods toward the sound.
speaker_heading: KRAZY-8
dialog: Made bail this morning.
dialog: You can tell him yourself.
text: The bathroom door opens. Into the room walks EMILIO, the guy
text: we saw get busted. He looks bigger now, somehow. And angry.
speaker_heading: EMILIO
dialog: Go ahead, pendejo. Kick my ass.
text: Dupree is suddenly none too comfortable. Emilio advances on
text: him, but Krazy~-8 shakes his head to his cousin -- hold up.
text: Krazy-8 turns to Dupree, dangles the baggie. Shakes it.
speaker_heading: KRAZY-8
dialog: Where'd you get this? ‘Cause I
dialog: know damn well you didn’t cook it.
dialog: Off Dupree, not so cocky now:
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: It’s a second day of cooking for Walt. He’s out here alone
text: with the Winnebago, having just arrived. He puts his coat
text: hanger on the awning and strips down, hanging up his good
text: clothes. As he ties on his lab apron...
text: +.. An Oldsmobile Cutlass arrives. Stops thirty feet away.
text: Walt stands his ground watching it, wary. Squints at it.
text: Three men in the car. A little hard to see. Walt relaxes
text: slightly when he realizes Dupree is one of them.
text: Driver's door opens. Krazy-8 climbs out, stands his ground.
speaker_heading: KRAZY-8
dialog: Nature Boy! You must be the cook!
dialog: (off Walt’s silence)
dialog: That is some stone-fine cheebah,
dialog: ese! You wanna come work for me?
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I‘d be happy to sell to you.
dialog: If the price is right.
speaker_heading: KRAZY-8
dialog: “Price Is Right.” Yeah, man...
dialog: COME ON DOWN!
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 51.
text: He holds up a plastic Von‘s bag. This is the CASH we saw
text: blowing around in the Teaser. Krazy glances around, casual.
speaker_heading: KRAZY-8
dialog: So. You're out here all by
dialog: yourself, huh?
text: Walt doesn’t like the question. Doesn’t answer. He's
text: watching the Cutlass now -- wondering why Dupree, sitting in
text: the back seat with the third man, hasn’t moved.
text: The third man, EMILIO, climbs out now. He’s got a look on
text: his face that tells us he’s just realized who Walt is.
speaker_heading: EMILIO
dialog: Shit. You’re that guy.
dialog: (to Krazy-8)
dialog: The D.E.A... he was there with the
dialog: goddamned D.E.A!
text: OFF Walt -- uh-oh. Confusion all around. Rising anxiety.
text: Emilio turns on Dupree, still seated in the car.
speaker_heading: EMILIO
dialog: Goddamned rata snitch!
text: Emilio’s reaching for his gun. That’s enough for Dupree —-
text: he throws open the far door, takes off into the woods.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
text: RUN, MR. WHITE! RUN!
text: As he yells this over his shoulder -- BAM! Dupree plows
text: headlong into a TREE. He collapses, knocked cold.
text: Walt doesn’t go anywhere. Krazy-8 pulls his gun immediately,
text: points it at him. Pistols drawn, the two cousins look back
text: and forth between unconscious Dupree and Walt, who’s got his
text: hands up. Motionless silence. The cousins expect feds to
text: come swarming out of the trees at any second.
text: None do. The cousins relax a touch. Dupree softly MOANS.
speaker_heading: EMILTO
dialog: Asshole.
dialog: (to Krazy-8)
dialog: Cap ‘em both. That’s what I say.
text: Krazy-8 lights a cigarette, thinks about it. Walt stands
text: nervous, but stoic. He’s already come to grips with dying,
dialog: and he's not going to plead for his life.
text: Krazy blows smoke, studies Walt closely.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: KRAZY-8
dialog: Yo. You really cook that batch?
text: Walt nods, his hands still raised.
speaker_heading: KRAZY-8
dialog: You an artist. It’s a damn shame.
text: He raises his pistol, about to fire -- Emilio, too.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: W-What if I showed you my secret?
dialog: Every cook’s got his recipe -- what
dialog: if I taught you mine?
dialog: (off their silence)
dialog: Let us both live, I‘1l teach you.
text: Emilio looks to Krazy-8, who’s weighing it. It’s attractive.
text: Off Krazy, blowing smoke:
scene_heading: EXT. WINNEBAGO ~ MINUTES LATER
text: CLOSE ON Dupree, face-down and blotto. Emilio finishes
text: hog-tying his wrists, then gives him a KICK in the head for
text: good measure. Emilio walks to the RV in b.g.
scene_heading: INT. WINNEBAGO - CONTINUOUS
text: Walt prepares his tools and materials. Krazy-8 stands behind
text: him, arms crossed, gun in hand, watching his every move.
text: Emilio climbs aboard, joins his cousin.
speaker_heading: WALT
text: Put out the cigarette.
text: Krazy-8 considers, then pokes his cig through the louvered
text: slats of a window and flicks it outside.
scene_heading: EXT. WINNEBAGO - CONTINUOUS
text: CLOSE -- it lands behind the RV, a few red sparks flying.
text: We CREEP IN on the butt as it lies smoldering in the WEEDS.
scene_heading: INT. WINNEBAGO - CONTINUOUS
text: CLOSE -- POOF! A hot plate flames to life as Walt ignites
text: the gas. Walt runs a finger across his neatly arranged jars
text: of ingredients. He stops on one ~- RED PHOSPHORUS.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 53.
text: Walt glances at... his RESPIRATOR. It’s lying way at the
text: other end of the RV. Walt gingerly sizes up the cousins.
text: Emilio reaches over, wig-wags Walt’s earlobe with the muzzle
text: of his shiny 9mm. Cold and menacing as hell.
speaker_heading: EMILIO
dialog: Step to it, snitch.
text: Walt makes up his mind -- it’s now or never. He unscrews the
text: top off the red phosphorus bottle. He takes a long, deep,
text: quiet breath... and HOLDS it.
text: He dumps the bottle onto the hot plate. It hits the flame
text: with a sizzling WHOOF and smokes up. Walt ducks and RUNS.
scene_heading: EXT. WINNEBAGO - CONTINUOUS
text: Walt makes it outside just ahead of the cousins. He slams
text: the door in their faces, leans his back against it hard.
text: BOOM! BOOM! They’re kicking the shit out of it from the
text: inside, trying desperately to get out. We hear them COUGHING
text: now. GASPING. The flimsy RV door won’t hold up long.
text: Suddenly -- BLAM!-BLAM!-BLAM! BULLET HOLES puncture the
text: door, zinging just above Walt’s head. Still Walt stands
text: fast, flinching and ducking lower. BLAM!-BLAM!-BLAM!-BLAM!
text: The firing stops. The CHOKING SOUNDS get louder, more
text: tortured. Horrifying. Tiny thin curls of RED SMOKE waft out
text: through the bullet holes.
text: We hear a heavy THUMP. Then ANOTHER. Two bodies hitting the
text: floor. Silence now. Walt shuts his eyes, breathing hard.
text: Walt recovers, stumbles over and checks on Dupree, who’s
text: still breathing. Walt unties him. Thank God, they’re both
text: alive. Just as Walt gets Dupree loose...
text: .-. He smells SMOKE. He turns, sees it rising thick and dark
text: from behind the Winnebago. He runs to see.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE —- BEHIND THE RV
text: Krazy-8‘s CIGARETTE has started a BRUSH FIRE. It’s ten feet
text: across. Walt tries to stomp it out, but that ain’t working.
text: He yanks off his heavy lab apron, desperately tries to beat
text: out the flames with that. No dice. In a panic, Walt stares
text: up into the sky -- watches the SMOKE trail high overhead.
text: Everyone within five miles can see it.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: LOW ANGLE - DUPREE
text: Lies drifting in and out of consciousness. Walt ~- in his
text: underpants, black shoes and socks -- runs to him. Walt yanks
text: a RESPIRATOR onto Dupree’s face, then drags him out of frame.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - THE RV
text: The flames of the brush fire are licking the back bumper.
text: The engine ROARS alive, the exhaust pipe belching blue smoke.
text: The fire is blocking the dirt road now. The Winnebago
text: lurches forward and takes off overland. Walt’s clothes swing
text: from the awning -- a tree branch knocks loose his TROUSERS.
scene_heading: EXT. COW PASTURE - DAY (REPEATED FOOTAGE)
text: Pastoral. Quiet. COW SHIT bakes in the sun, then gets
text: RUN OVER with a SPLAT. We're full-circle back to the Teaser.
text: The Winnebago galumphs across the landscape, scattering cows.
scene_heading: INT. WINNEBAGO - DAY (REPEATED FOOTAGE)
text: Walt drives in his underpants and his gas mask, his knuckles
text: white on the wheel. Unconscious Dupree slumps beside him.
text: Behind, the dead cousins slide to and fro amidst the sloshing
text: ruins of the meth lab. Their CASH flutters in the breeze.
text: Walt hyperventilates. His mask FOGS UP. BAM! He crashes,
text: violently JERKING FORWARD into lens. The frame goes BLACK.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COW PASTURE - DAY ~- MINUTES LATER
text: We start on BLACK, then PULL OUT of the barrel of Walt’s gun.
text: We find ourselves where the Teaser left off -- Walt is aiming
text: past us, standing in his shirt and tie and underpants.
text: SIRENS are wailing. We see RED LIGHTS flashing just over top
text: of the weeds. They’re racing our way.
text: Walt has second thoughts. What the hell is he doing? He’s
text: not going to shoot anybody. The ferocity leaks out of him.
text: Despair settles in in its place.
text: Sirens -- BLARING. Fuck it. He sticks the muzzle in his
text: Mouth, winces hard. He YANKS THE TRIGGER.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 55.
text: Nothing. The safety’s on. Walt fumbles with it, trying to
dialog: figure it out. This takes him just long enough that...
text: «+. The sirens are revealed to be FIRE ENGINES. Not the
text: cops. Two big pumper trucks curve past us, following a dirt
text: road through the pasture we didn't see until now.
text: They roar on by, none of the firemen taking the slightest
text: notice of Walt. They're heading for Krazy-8’s brush fire a
text: mile away. We can see the crooked column of SMOKE from here.
text: The SIRENS and the ROAR fade away. Gradually, the pasture
text: grows silent again. Walt stares stupidly, the pistol
text: dangling at his side. He lets it drop to the dirt.
text: He stands blinking, trying to figure out what the hell just
dialog: happened. Pure, dumb luck. Beginner’s luck.
text: As he stands here, the door to the RV opens behind him.
text: Dupree stumbles out, pulls off his gas mask. Half his face
text: is swollen like a balloon, but he‘1ll recover.
text: Dupree wanders over, stands next to Walt. Dazed silence.
speaker_heading: DUPREE
dialog: What happened..?
dialog: {nods toward the RV)
dialog: W-What’d you do?
text: Walt is weirdly matter-of-fact.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Red phosphorus, when heat is
dialog: applied... oxidizes and yields
dialog: carbonyl chloride. Phosgene gas.
dialog: One good whiff of it...
text: He shrugs, trails off. Folds at the waist and THROWS UP.
text: Dupree stands staring at nothing in particular. Walt rises,
text: wipes his mouth. He picks up his WALLET and CAMCORDER.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Gotta. Gotta clean this up.
dialog: Gotta... bury...
text: He slowly wanders back to the Winnebago. Dupree follows him.
dialog: Off our two new partners, who have only barely survived their
dialog: first week together...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Late. Lights are off. Skyler and Walter, Jr. have gone to
text: bed. Walt stands at the kitchen sink, washing Krazy-8’s cash
text: in Dawn dishwashing liquid. Washing off the toxic chemicals.
text: He gives an involuntary shudder. He squeezes shut his eyes,
dialog: which are tearing up. Tonight’s a night he’s never going to
dialog: forget -- whether he lives two years or two hundred.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - GARAGE - NIGHT
text: BLACK FRAME. A DING, then a door opens -- revealing we’re
text: inside the clothes dryer, Looking out. Dry twenty dollar
text: bills flutter around. Weary Walt reaches in and grabs them
text: by the fistful.
text: Walt quickly counts the money. Eight thousand and change.
text: Walt jams it in a shoebox, snaps a rubber band around it.
text: Remembering something, he reaches in his pocket...
text: «»- And pulls out the tiny camcorder TAPE. On it, we/‘1l
dialog: remember, is the confession to his family. He doesn’t
text: destroy the tape. He thinks about it, then drops it into the
text: shoebox full of cash.
text: Walt stands tiptoes on a chair, tucks the box way up in the
text: garage rafters. Looking haunted, like hell warmed over, he
text: climbs down and exits, turns off the light. DARKNESS.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM — NIGHT
text: Skyler lies in bed, alone and awake. We’re on her as we hear
text: the door open. Quiet footsteps. Clothes come off.
text: Walt gingerly climbs into bed, not wanting to wake his wife.
text: He lies motionless, staring up at the ceiling. A torrent of
text: thoughts rush through his head. Finally:
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: Where were you?
text: Walt doesn’t answer. Skyler turns his way, stares at him.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: Walt, I don’t know what is going on
dialog: with you lately --
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: Nothing. I'm fine.
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: -- Whatever it is, I’1ll1 tell you
dialog: this. I do not like it when you
dialog: don’t talk to me. The worst thing
dialog: you can do is shut me out.
speaker_heading: WALT
dialog: I'm... I understand. I’m fine.
text: She stares at him in the darkness. He stares at her.
text: A strange feeling comes over him. It’s relief to be alive,
text: mixed with dread that life won’t last. It’s fear of being
dialog: caught. It’s the thrill -- for once -- of taking risks.
dialog: It’s excitement, in many different forms. And since he can’t
dialog: talk about it, there’s only one way to let it out.
text: Walt kisses his wife. Passionately.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: Walt...
text: He keeps kissing her. Gently rolls her so that her back is
text: to him. Out of sight under the covers, he fumbles with her
text: panties, pulls them down.
text: Surprised as hell, Skyler nonetheless allows it. She feels
text: around behind her.
speaker_heading: SKYLER
dialog: Oh my God. Is that you?
text: It sure is. The mighty oak. Walt enters her -- Skyler's
text: eyes pop wide, and we CUT TO BLACK. Over the sounds of HEAVY
text: BREATHING and the SQUEAK-SQUEAK-SQUEAKING of bed springs...
text: «+» FADE UP CREDITS.
speaker_heading: THE END
scene_heading: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts can be found here: http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.com/library
dialog: 
