scene_heading: BRIDGET JONES'S BABY
dialog: by
dialog: Helen Fielding
dialog: and
dialog: Dan Mazer
dialog: and
dialog: Emma Thompson
text: Based on the characters and story created by Helen Fielding
scene_heading: FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT
dialog: 8th January 2016
dialog: © 2016 Universal Studios. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 1
speaker_heading: 1A
speaker_heading: 1AA
speaker_heading: OMITTED 1
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON. DAY. 1A
text: Sweeping aerial shot of London, establishing the city in all
dialog: its glory.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHWARK BRIDGE. DAY. 1AA
text: We swoop down the Thames to find a svelte figure on the
text: bridge hailing a taxi.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH. DAY 2
text: SHAZZER, early forties, and her folk singer husband FERGUS,
text: scurry down the aisle.
dialog: The church is packed with people we might recognise. A few
text: literary and TV celebrities amongst them. Shazzer spots JUDE,
text: now a pillar of married respectability, her husband GILES and
text: their tiny baby. They take the seats beside them.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 3
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH. DAY. 4
text: BRIDGET JONES enters the church. She’s older than when we
text: last saw her, forty three to be exact, slim and elegantly
text: dressed. She takes a deep breath and collects herself.
text: Bridget spots Jude and Shazzer and heads towards them.
text: Shazzer greets her with a big hug.
speaker_heading: SHAZZER
dialog: How are you feeling, you OK?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Yes, but I still can’t believe he’s
dialog: gone.
text: REVEAL - at the front a portrait of DANIEL CLEAVER.
scene_heading: ANOTHER REVEAL - The congregation consists mainly of
text: ludicrously attractive, glamorous women, all weeping.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
text: His death seems to have hit the
dialog: Eastern European teenage modelling
dialog: community particularly hard.
speaker_heading: JUDE
dialog: They found the flight recorder but
text: still no bodies.
speaker_heading: SHAZZER
dialog: Yep, in the Australian outback. And
dialog: strangely fitting that he died
text: going down in the bush.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 2
text: A random guy, JOHN, takes his place next to Bridget. A hush
text: descends and the service begins.
text: A dour looking Minister assumes the pulpit.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: Dear friends, we are gathered here
dialog: to celebrate the life of Daniel
dialog: Vivian Cleaver. Daniel was a kind
dialog: and wonderful son, a loving Uncle
dialog: and brother, a fantastic friend...
speaker_heading: SHAZZER
dialog: (aside to Bridget)
dialog: A selfish but gifted lover?
text: Bridget gives a little smile, but then stops in her tracks.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Fuck. What the fuck is he doing
dialog: here?
text: We see MARK DARCY enter at the back of the church. A little
text: older, a little greyer, but still just as handsome.
text: As Bridget takes this surprise in, she sees an attractive
text: woman, CAMILLA take his arm.
speaker_heading: JUDE
dialog: You know what he’s like, wanting to
dialog: do the decent thing.
speaker_heading: SHAZZER
dialog: Is that his wife?
text: Bridget nods.
speaker_heading: JUDE
dialog: She’s pretty.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I mean, yes, conventionally, I
dialog: suppose.
text: SUDDENLY DARCY LOOKS OVER.
text: Bridget, aware of Darcy's gaze, grabs onto random John’s arm.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Sorry, I'm just very emotional.
text: Darcy looks over, she pretends not to see and affectionately
text: brushes the fluff from a bewildered John’s shoulder.
text: Darcy faintly but discernibly registers this.
text: John tries to shake himself free. Bridget struggles to cling
text: on to his arm but John uncouples himself, and Bridget is left
text: solo. Darcy glances over.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 3
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: I would now like to invite his
dialog: loved ones up to share some of
dialog: their memories of Daniel.
text: Shazzer gives Bridget a nudge, as if to say go on. Bridget
text: contemplates the idea as a glamorous young woman gets up from
text: the front pew.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (whispers to Jude)
dialog: You know he could be very
dialog: sensitive, he could make you feel
dialog: like you were the only woman in the
dialog: world. I remember when he took me
text: rowing on the Serpentine and quoted
dialog: Keats by heart. “Where be ye going,
dialog: you Devon Maid? And what have ye
dialog: there in the basket?”
text: Bridget drifts off in fond reverie. The glamorous young woman
text: stands in the pulpit.
scene_heading: GLAMOROUS YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: .-."Ye tight little fairy just
dialog: fresh from the dairy, Will ye give
dialog: me some cream if I ask it?”
text: In the front pew several more young women look at each other
text: awkwardly, clearly sharing exactly the same memory.
text: Bridget, Shazzer and Jude all laugh, they can’t help
text: themselves. The rest of the congregation look at them
text: disapprovingly.
text: Mark and Bridget make fleeting, but definite eye contact, as
text: he catches her mid gorgeous, life-affirming laugh.
text: Bridget then looks sadly at the portrait of Daniel at the
dialog: front.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: Would anybody else like to say a
dialog: few words?
text: No one else in the congregation stands up. After a nudge from
text: Shazzer, Bridget gets up.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Daniel was a man who touched many
dialog: of us, here today, including me.
text: There is a small, slightly awkward pause, but she continues
text: unabated.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: Right now, if Daniel were here, he
dialog: would have told me to ‘Shut up,
dialog: Jones’ and he would’ve been right.
dialog: All I really need to say is, I miss
dialog: you, dear Daniel. We all do. Thank
dialog: you.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 4
speaker_heading: 4A
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH. DAY. LATER. 4A
text: The congregation is leaving. At the back of the church
text: Bridget says goodbye to her friends. As she turns, she finds
text: herself face to face with Mark Darcy and his wife.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Bridget.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Mark.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Camilla, my wife. Bridget Jones,
dialog: My..... an old friend.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Less old....more childhood.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET/CAMILLA
dialog: Hello. Hello.
text: Awkward pauses all round.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Nice memorial..... as memorials go.
dialog: Almost makes one look forward to
dialog: one’s own.
text: Camilla just stares at Bridget strangely.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Right. Yes. Well. Goodbye.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Yes. Goodbye.
text: They part in opposite ways. At the last moment, Mark looks
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: AMY WINEHOUSE’S ‘MY TEARS DRY ON THEIR OWN’ kicks in.
scene_heading: TITLE: BRIDGET JONES’S BABY
speaker_heading: OMITTED 5
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHWARK BRIDGE AND SOUTH LONDON STREETS. DAY 6
text: Bridget walks across the familiar bridge.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
dialog: Here I am Bridget Jones, one day
dialog: short of 43. Of the two loves of my
dialog: life: one is dead and the other is
dialog: married.
text: She walks on...
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 5
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
dialog: Still, not to dwell on the
text: negatives. Many positives to note.
dialog: Am down to ideal weight! Am 685
dialog: days without a single cigarette. Am
dialog: hitting government target for
dialog: recommended intake of alcohol. 2-3
dialog: units per day.
text: A good looking man clocks her and takes her in as she walks -
text: she smiles to herself once he has passed.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
dialog: Have top job as producer of award
dialog: winning intelligent persons news
dialog: programme.
text: Bridget walks through the now fashionable Borough Market. She
text: passes the smallest Italian restaurant in the world, and
text: waves at GIANNI, the owner.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
dialog: AND...have foot on London’s
dialog: property ladder in now-fashionable
dialog: Borough Market...
scene_heading: 7 EXT./INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. CONTINUOUS 7
text: She trips up over a brand new, unused bicycle in the hallway.
text: Looks at it guiltily. She enters her sitting room just as a
text: fast train bullets past the windows, shaking the walls.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET(V.O.)
dialog: ...cleverly acquired just before
dialog: the new-improved transport links.
dialog: And even though I am still single,
dialog: I have NOT acquired a cat.
text: Then she opens a ‘funny’ birthday card featuring an old lady
text: and a cat.
text: She enters her make-shift office and goes to the shelf where
text: her old diaries are. She rifles through them to find a
text: photograph of her and Daniel, which is placed between the
text: pages. She looks at it mournfully before her eyes settle on
dialog: the diary entry on the page behind the photo... “Reasons why
dialog: Mark Darcy and I could never work” followed by a list of
dialog: reasons.
scene_heading: 8 INT. BEDROOM. BRIDGET’S FLAT. NIGHT 8
text: Bridget lies in her bed.
text: On one bedside table is a pile of serious political tomes and
text: on the other, some self-help books. “Spinsterhood is the new
dialog: Feminism”, “Jog yourself Happy”, A 5:2 diet book with an
text: empty Kit-Kat wrapper on top, and on the floor in a pile of
text: dirty clothes “The Life Changing Powers of Tidying” She opts
text: for none of these, and picks up her iPad with a red cover and
dialog: types.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 6
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
dialog: If today has taught me anything,
dialog: it’s that life is short, you’ve got
dialog: to seize the day, stop making the
dialog: same mistakes, stop looking back
dialog: and... and not be dissuaded by the
dialog: very simple fact that the future,
dialog: seems to be something-
text: Suddenly the screen goes black. Bridget drags a charger and a
text: stray bra tangled in the wires across the floor. Plugs it in.
text: She then tries to get back in bed with the iPad, but realizes
text: the lead is just too short to reach.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
dialog: ...that happens to everyone else
text: whilst I am still scrabbling around
text: for an iPad charger.
text: She attempts to lean out of her bed and continue to type, but
text: realizes it’s too awkward and uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (randomly)
dialog: I mean, it’s not like we even had
dialog: that much in common when it came
dialog: down to it.
text: She gives up and switches off her light.
scene_heading: 9 INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. EARLY NEXT MORNING. 9
text: In the near darkness. Bridget’s phone rings loudly. She bolts
text: up out of bed.
speaker_heading: MUM (0.S.)
dialog: Hello darling, it’s Mummy. Just
dialog: wanted to wish you a happy
dialog: birthday.
text: Bridget fishes around for the TV remote control and flicks on
text: breakfast TV - a clock on the corner of the TV screen.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Mum, it’s 6.00am!
text: Bridget studies her phone curiously.
speaker_heading: MUM (V.O)
dialog: I’m doing The Facetime, Una taught
dialog: me, it’s really marvellous.
text: CLOSE-UP - Bridget’s phone - there is an extreme close-up of
speaker_heading: MUM’S EAR.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: The point of Facetime is that you
dialog: don’t have to hold it to your ear.
text: Mum removes it from her ear, the camera swings round to
text: reveal Dad sitting on the loo, oblivious.
text: SHOOTING SCRIPT.
speaker_heading: MUM (0.S.)
dialog: This time forty three years ago I
dialog: was having a lamb Biryani in an
dialog: attempt to coax you out.
dialog: Twenty-three hours of labour. I was
dialog: never the same again down there,
dialog: but I’ve hardly ever regretted it.
text: Bridget half listening. An Ad for an internet dating site
text: called Qwantify just audible: happy cartoon couples meet and
text: kiss, voiced by real couples who’ve found love on the net.
speaker_heading: MUM (CONT'D)
dialog: It's a miracle, the gift of
dialog: childbirth. Penny Husbands-
text: Bosworth’s son sells his sperm on
dialog: the internet. You don’t even need a
dialog: man, Bridget.
scene_heading: 10 INT. MUM’S BEDROOM. SAME TIME. 10
text: We see there are flyers with Mum’s face on them lying on a
text: bedroom table.
speaker_heading: MUM (CONT'D)
dialog: And some people have marvellous
dialog: lives without them. I mean, look at
dialog: you! You’ve got a nice flat, a
dialog: great career, a nice flat...
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (0.S)
dialog: I’m putting the phone down now Mum.
text: DAD emerges from the bathroom.
speaker_heading: MUM
dialog: (holding up phone to Dad)
dialog: Say Happy Birthday to Bridget.
text: Dad hurriedly covers his naked torso.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Happy Birthday to Bridget.
speaker_heading: MUM
dialog: I love you darling. Don’t forget
dialog: I’m counting on you to head up my
dialog: media campaign.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Mum, it’s the Parish Council
dialog: election, not the U.S. Primaries.
text: Bridget hangs up.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
dialog: At least no one at work knows it’s
dialog: my birthday.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 8
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
scene_heading: EXT/INT. HARD NEWS TV STUDIOS. DAY. 11
text: Bridget strides into the studio, ready for the day.
speaker_heading: EVERYONE
dialog: SURPRISE! !
text: Bridget’s face falls as she sees her office is filled with
text: people. A PA holds up a card which says ‘43 TODAY’ in huge
text: letters. Someone else holds out a toy tombstone that says
dialog: ‘Bridget Jones 1973-2016’.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Oh God, oh God. Who told you?
text: MIRANDA, a gorgeous, thirty-something friend of Bridget’s and
text: presenter of the show, steps forward and takes a selfie with
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: Guilty. Thought it would cheer you
text: up. Hashtag ‘Bridge’s bday’.
text: Bridget looks horrified as SUSAN the pregnant Floor Manager
text: brings up a cake emblazoned with forty three candles for her
dialog: to blow out.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: So hot... so many candles.
text: They start to sing ‘Happy 43rd Birthday to you’ as the Floor
text: Manager continues to hold the cake up.
dialog: 
text: Then mid-song the fire alarm starts to go off and then the
text: sprinklers start.
text: RICHARD FINCH, Bridget’s fifty-something-but-trying-to-look-
text: younger boss, pops his head through the studio backdrop.
speaker_heading: RICHARD FINCH
dialog: Who the fuck set the sprinklers
dialog: off?
scene_heading: INT. HARD NEWS. CORRIDOR. DAY. 12
text: Bridget is striding down the corridor - a woman at the top of
text: her game - West Wing style - with two young, deferential
text: assistants JOSH and LAURA striding alongside, hanging on to
text: her every word, taking notes.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Josh, I want you to see what
dialog: Reuters are saying about the
dialog: attacks in Ramallah. I might need a
dialog: live link. And Laura, tell Adam
dialog: I'll be in to check the human
dialog: trafficking VT.
text: JOSH and LAURA peel off and MIRANDA joins her.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 9
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: So, how will I be changing the
dialog: world today?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET.
dialog: Well our main feature will be the
dialog: exclusive interview with the
dialog: Foreign Secretary about NGochi.
text: As she says “NGochi”- she does it with the authentic African
dialog: click.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: OMG, how do you do that? N-Gochi, N-
dialog: Gochi.
text: She tries but fails to do the click.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: You are so good at that.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I know, I’ve really been
text: practising, “NGochi”
text: They go backwards and forwards “NGochi-ing” at each other.
scene_heading: INT. HARD NEWS STUDIOS. HAIR & MAKE UP DEPT. DAY. 13
text: Bridget and Miranda continue to talk as Miranda is primped
text: and preened by a hair and make-up woman, CATHY.
text: Cathy tries to N’Gochi too. They are all at it.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Oooh, it’s harder than you think.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
text: It’s all in the throat.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: And after “NGochi”...
text: She gets it right and high fives with Bridget and Cathy.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: ... how do we plan to celebrate
dialog: tonight?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Night out with the gang.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: Please say that involves group sex.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: I know a smashing little club for
dialog: that, just round the back of
dialog: Berwick Street.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 10
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Chance would be a fine thing. I’m
dialog: beginning to think I’ve passed my
dialog: sell-by-date. I’m like an old
dialog: packet of custard creams, all
text: mouldy and crushed.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: Nonsense. There are names for
dialog: people like you now Bridge, you're
text: a cougar, a MILF.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I’m not a MILF, I’m not even a Mum.
dialog: I’m a spinster, I’m a SPILF.
text: SUSAN comes in.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: Three minutes until we’re on air.
text: Cathy has jotted down details. Hands them to Bridget.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: It’s called Voyeurz, with a z. Tell
dialog: them Cathy sent you. If you go ona
text: Thursday, there’s a Chinese buffet.
dialog: All you can eat...as it were.
scene_heading: INT. HARD NEWS STUDIO GALLERY. DAY. 14
text: Bridget takes prime position at the desk in the gallery in
text: front of all the monitors. She slips on her microphone.
scene_heading: INT. HARD NEWS STUDIO. FLOOR. DAY 15
text: Miranda takes her place on set, slips in her ear-piece.
speaker_heading: FLOOR MANAGER
text: Twenty seconds to air.
text: HARD NEWS TITLES RUN.
text: Miranda continues to talk to Bridget through her microphone.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: Anyway, far too many women are
dialog: wasting their lives having babies
dialog: in their thirties and forties when
dialog: they should be getting on with
dialog: their careers.
speaker_heading: FLOOR MANAGER
dialog: TEN, nine, EIGHT, seven, SIX,
dialog: five...
text: Miranda suddenly changes character - into impressive Emily
dialog: Matlis-type anchorwoman.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 11
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: Hello, and welcome to Hard News.
speaker_heading: BONG -
speaker_heading: MIRANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Tonight, more attacks in Ramallah,
dialog: we go live as the world asks is it
dialog: time for the UN to intervene?
text: FOOTAGE RUNS so they can go on talking.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: You didn’t by any chance freeze
dialog: your eggs?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: God no, I imagine they’re hard
dialog: boiled by now.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: You know what Bridge, this weekend
dialog: we need to go out and engage in
dialog: some serious -
text: BONG - back on air.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA (CONT'D)
text: Binge drinking; A dangerous scourge
dialog: on society. Is new legislation
dialog: needed?
text: FOOTAGE RUNS.
scene_heading: 16 INT. HARD NEWS STUDIO. GALLERY. NIGHT 16
text: RICHARD FINCH enters.
speaker_heading: RICHARD FINCH
dialog: Bridget, Miranda, I’ve told you not
text: to talk between the bongs.
text: Without looking up, they both give him the finger. Richard
text: exits the gallery.
speaker_heading: BONGS AGAIN.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: The Foreign Secretary will be live
dialog: in the studio to talk about the
text: looming crisis in Muribundi.
text: FOOTAGE RUNS.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Or you could always try online
dialog: dating again.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET.
dialog: Those dating sites are just full of
dialog: married men wanting affairs.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 12
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: No, I’ve met all sorts of men. The
dialog: other night I was on Tinder and
dialog: half an hour later I’m in a three
dialog: way with...
scene_heading: BONG - BACK ON AIR
speaker_heading: MIRANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Prince Andrew; The Royal Special
dialog: Representative for Trade and
dialog: Investment has written his first
dialog: children’s book.
text: FOOTAGE RUNS.
text: Two young, hip and serious-looking professionals glide into
text: the back of the studio; power-dressed ALICE PEABODY and her
text: assistant. She watches proceedings sternly.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: But first, live in the studio I’m
dialog: joined by Foreign Secretary, George
text: Wilkins, who has just returned from
dialog: war ravaged Muribundi, where the
dialog: assassination of bloody dictator,
dialog: Charles Ngochi...
text: She can’t help but look pleased with herself.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: -.. has resulted in civil war.
dialog: Minister, was this a military coup?
speaker_heading: GEORGE WILKINS
dialog: The signs are that Ngochi’s own
dialog: generals did take him out ina
dialog: bloody way, yes...
scene_heading: INTERCUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GALLERY. DAY. 17
text: Bridget’s mobile rings. It reads TOM. Bridget picks up.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET.
dialog: (hurriedly, whispering)
dialog: Hey Tom. Can’t really...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: How was the service?
text: Bridget checks Miranda. She seems to be doing fine.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET.
dialog: (to Tom)
dialog: Well, It’s just sad. I can’t
dialog: believe he’s gone actually.
text: Miranda hears Bridget in her earpiece.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 13
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: (to Minister)
dialog: Well, it’s just sad. I can’t
dialog: believe he’s gone actually.
speaker_heading: GEORGE WILKINS
dialog: (somewhat bemused)
dialog: I don’t think there was a great
dialog: deal of sadness at his passing,
text: even by his most loyal followers.
dialog: His persecution of the Unbutu
dialog: people amounted to genocide. That’s
dialog: well documented.
scene_heading: INT. GALLERY. SAME TIME. DAY
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (to Tom)
dialog: I know he had his faults, he
dialog: could be a massive arsehole.
dialog: But I miss him. We all do.
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: (to Minister)
dialog: I know he had his faults. He
dialog: could be a massive arsehole,
dialog: but I miss him. We all do.
text: The minister, clearly confused, but trying to play along.
text: At the back of the set, Alice takes notes.
speaker_heading: GEORGE WILKINS
dialog: Well, he was a colourful character
dialog: on the world’s stage, I give you
dialog: that. But I think the genocide
dialog: along with his eugenics programme
dialog: resulting in the deaths of over
dialog: 10,000 of his own people, men,
dialog: women and children, put him on the
dialog: wrong side of....
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: At least he was never boring.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: At least he was never boring.
text: Wilkins looks at Miranda, now totally perplexed and
text: speechless.
scene_heading: INT. GALLERY. SAME TIME. 19
text: Bridget signs off to Tom and puts down the phone.
text: Thinking everything is going well, she now starts paying
text: attention to the interview.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (to Miranda)
dialog: Do you think a spirit of
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: (to Minister)
dialog: Do you think a spirit of
dialog: democracy can carry over into democracy can carry over into
dialog: West Africa now Ngochi’s West Africa now Ngochi’s
dialog: dead? dead?
dialog: Back on course! Phew.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 14
speaker_heading: GEORGE WILKINS
dialog: Now that IS an interesting
text: question. Finally.
text: Bridget looks very pleased.
scene_heading: 20 INT. HARD NEWS STUDIO. GALLERY. LATER. 20
text: Richard and Miranda stand in the gallery.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Thank you Miranda and Bridget, you
dialog: couldn’t just behave yourself when
dialog: the new management team were here?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: They’re the management team? I
dialog: thought they were the interns.
text: Richard points to the floor and Peabody.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: No, that’s Alice Peabody. New Brand
dialog: Manager. Apparently Hard News is
dialog: too old fashioned, too serious, and
text: she’s the smiling assassin sent in
dialog: to sack anyone older than her.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Everybody’s older than her. I’ve
dialog: got cans of soup in my cupboard
text: older than her.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: (to Bridget)
dialog: You should watch your back.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: They won’t sack Bridget. She
dialog: rescued this show, she made it
dialog: relevant. She made us award
dialog: winning! And as a result she has no
dialog: life. Because everyone has
dialog: mercilessly abused the fact that
text: she is a lonely, single, childless
dialog: SPILF who works all hours.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Thank you Miranda.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Look at them all with their apps
text: and their ironic beards.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: Maybe one of them will give Bridget
dialog: some sex.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: Does Bridget need sex?
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 15
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: Yes. Which is why I’m taking her on
dialog: the girls’ weekend to beat all
dialog: girls’ weekends.
text: A rap on the glass door makes them all whirl round. It’s
text: Alice Peabody. Richard looks at the studio floor confused.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Bridget, isn’t it?
text: Alice looks her up and down, slightly witheringly.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Yes. Pleased to...
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Team meeting tomorrow morning. We
dialog: can do introductions then.
text: Alice sashays out, Bridget does a pantomime ‘scared face’
text: behind her back as she walks away, Alice turns on her heels
text: and catches Bridget at it. Bridget disguises it as something
text: else, but fails.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: 9 a.m. We should all start an hour
dialog: earlier from now on.
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE. NIGHT. 21
text: Bridget leaves with Miranda.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: And you’re sure you don’t want to
dialog: come out with me and my crew?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Thanks, but I can’t let the old
dialog: gang down. They'd be disappointed.
text: Bridget switches her phone on after work and a flurry of
text: texts come through. Miranda heads towards the bike racks.
text: She reads a text from SHAZZER: ‘Happy Birthday. Sorry Bridge,
dialog: but can’t get a ‘sitter tonight.’
text: Bridget’s phone pings again. She reads a text from JUDE. A
text: vomiting emoji, four BABY FACE emojis and a SAD FACE emoji.
text: A third ping. TOM: “Where are you? Get your freak on, bitch?”
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank God for the gays!
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 16
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
scene_heading: INT. GYM. STROBE CYCLE. NIGHT. 22
text: Bridget enters a strobe-lit gym, almost tripping over. A
text: large sign reads STROBE CYCLE. Loud, gay club anthems bang
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: TOM O.S.
dialog: Okay ladies, click in.
text: TOM, at the front of the class, on a spinning cycle. He's
text: manning the record decks while simultaneously cycling and
text: speaking into a head-mic.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Whatever fears, whatever
dialog: insecurities you’re bringing in
dialog: with you today, I want you to take
dialog: those fears and tell them to FUCK
dialog: THE FUCK OFF!
text: An adoring, pumped up crowd of lithe young female bodies
text: furiously pedalling. They whoop. “Alright!”. Bridget
text: struggles to click her shoes into the pedals.
speaker_heading: TOM (CONT'D)
dialog: THIS moment is about YOU, your
dialog: body, your dreams, your POTENTIAL.
text: The music’s pumping up to a crescendo.
speaker_heading: TOM (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you ready for this? Are you
dialog: ready for this?
text: The women yell orgasmically. The music swells.
speaker_heading: TOM (CONT'D)
dialog: Now. Ride, sexy bitches, ride!
text: And the women rise from their saddles and pedal like fuck.
text: Tom sprays water at them. Bridget looks like she might have a
dialog: seizure.
scene_heading: INT. GYM. NIGHT. 23
text: Tom waving off the last Strobe Cyclist. Bridget, exhausted,
text: barely able to breathe.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (wheezing)
dialog: It will take me three martinis to
dialog: recover and you are buying.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: About that. I’m so sorry Bridget.
dialog: I’m going to have to blow you out
dialog: too.
text: Bridget masks her disappointment.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 17
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: TOM (CONT'D)
dialog: The thing is... I didn’t want to
dialog: have to tell you this today.
dialog: Eduardo and I are adopting.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET.
dialog: Adopting what... a baby?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No, a new stance on illegal
dialog: immigration! Yes, a baby, or a
dialog: gayby, in fact.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Oh Tom, this is fantastic news!
text: She gives him the biggest hug.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I didn’t want to say anything
dialog: because we always do our “we're
dialog: pointless-empty-husks-— sticking-
dialog: together” thing. And I love that.
dialog: But truth is...if I’m being honest,
dialog: I feel it’s important for me, in
dialog: myself, to start caring for someone
dialog: other than me. And well, it looks
dialog: like we’ve been successful.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Brilliant.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: We're going to Bogota to start the
dialog: official paperwork and I’ve got to
dialog: pack.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: It's alright. Go! Go!
text: Bridget is left alone on a bicycle.
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. NIGHT. DARKNESS. 24
text: Bridget, alone, lights a candle on a single cupcake. She
text: pours herself a glass of wine and reaches for a cigarette in
text: an old packet on top of the cupboard. Then thinks better of
text: it. The radio plays, “All By Myself”.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET.
dialog: Oh fuck off!
text: She flicks it off.
scene_heading: INT. ST. PANCRAS STATION. DAY. 25
text: The station concourse is thronging with commuters.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 18
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
dialog: Must not dwell on why the
dialog: biological clock, though clearly
dialog: ticking, has not compelled me yet
dialog: to Colombia, or Olly Husbands
dialog: Bosworth’s sperm, or even into the
dialog: arms of inappropriate men met on
dialog: Internet. Always thought I'd find
dialog: love of my life and then baby would
dialog: follow. I may be old of womb, but
dialog: will remain young at heart. Will
dialog: start to embrace life in manner of
dialog: thirty-something friends like
dialog: Miranda, who don’t seem to care
dialog: about settling, or babies, or
text: ticking clocks.
text: We tilt up from a pair of Hunter wellies, cut-off denim
text: shorts, a backpack. Miranda makes her way across the
text: concourse to meet Bridget.
text: We tilt up from a pair of elegant high-heels, a smart dress
text: and a giant wheelie suitcase. Bridget spots Miranda.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: What the fuck!
speaker_heading: OMITTED 26
scene_heading: EXT. MUSIC FESTIVAL. DAY 27
text: Miranda and Bridget enter the festival. Bridget is wheeling
text: her smart suitcase through the mud with little success. There
text: are posters everywhere advertising bands or specific tents
text: and wherever there is a sign it features a ‘SPONSORED BY
text: QWANTIFY’ logo.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: I didn’t tell you because I knew
dialog: you wouldn't come. Anyway, it’s not
text: camping, it’s ‘glamping’.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Putting a ‘Gl’ before it doesn’t
dialog: make it any better. Calling him
dialog: Gladolf Hitler wouldn’t suddenly
dialog: make you forget all the
dialog: unpleasantness.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: Come on Bridge, it’1ll be fun. What
dialog: you need is a good shafting, some
dialog: good old fashioned, lie-back-and-
dialog: think-of-England bonking. Festivals
dialog: are sexual free-for-alls, it’s like
text: Sodom and Gomorrah, with tofu.
text: Bridget looks at her.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 19
speaker_heading: MIRANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Seriously. It’s been five years.
dialog: You need to get out of this self-
dialog: imposed purdah you’ve been in since
dialog: you split up from “he whose name
dialog: shall not be mentioned.”
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Rubbish, I barely think about him.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: Prove it. The first man you meet,
dialog: you have to sleep with.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: The first man?!
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: I’m not taking no for an answer.
dialog: We’ve got backstage passes, we'll
dialog: be rubbing shoulders with
dialog: rockstars. And we’ve got yurts.
dialog: I got you this... in case of an
dialog: emergency.
text: Miranda holds out a loo roll and 2 plastic bags, One Lidl,
text: one Marks and Spencer's - Bridget grabs the M&S bag.
text: A DREAD-LOCKED GUY approaches Bridget with a suspicious wrap.
scene_heading: DREAD-LOCKED GUY
dialog: Meow meow?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Woof woof.
dialog: (to Miranda)
dialog: I’m not sleeping with him.
text: Behind him is a poster advertising the literary tent, with a
text: picture of JACK QUANT - the caption reads ‘Algorithms Change
dialog: The World’.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: (to Bridget)
dialog: I‘1ll get the backstage passes. You
dialog: find a map.
text: She strides off. Bridget heads in the opposite direction. As
text: she walks her heels gets stuck in the mud and as she steps
text: forward, she leaves it behind. She tries to go back to grab
text: it, but the other heel gets stuck, and she is caught in what
text: is effectively the splits, unable to extricate herself from
dialog: her shoes.
text: After a struggle she pulls one of the heels out.
speaker_heading: JACK (0.C.)
dialog: That’s exactly why I didn’t wear my
dialog: heels.
text: Reveal JACK QUANT, an insanely handsome 45 year old American.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 20
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: May I?
text: He lifts the floundering Bridget out of the mud, rescues her
text: heel and places her safely at the top of the little hill. He
text: places her shoe back on her foot.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: It fits!
text: Bridget laughs, faintly embarrassed.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Thank you... I....
text: Miranda appears waving wellies and shorts. She shouts.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: Bridget!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Is that your wicked stepmother?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I should go, or she’ll have me
text: sweeping fireplaces all afternoon.
dialog: Nice to meet you...
text: She’s already heading off.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It’s Jack...
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPSITE. DAY. 28
text: Bridget and Miranda faced with a hundred identical yurts.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Right. Which one’s ours?
scene_heading: INT. YURT. DAY 29
text: Miranda and Bridget open the door to reveal one bed.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: Cosy.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Intimate.
text: Miranda breaks out a bottle of vodka - hands it to Bridget,
text: who tucks straight in.
scene_heading: EXT. FESTIVAL BAR AREA. DAY. 30
text: - We track along a row of themed bars, where Bridget and
text: Miranda are downing every cocktail, real ale and vodka shot,
text: and as they ‘cheers’ each other, they shout.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 21
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: MIRANDA BRIDGET
dialog: NGochi! NGochi!
scene_heading: INT. EDM DANCE TENT. DAY. 31
text: Bridget and Miranda are dancing away like dervishes amongst
text: the ridiculously young crowd to a thumping dance track,
dialog: having the time of their lives. There are people in Zorb
text: balls on the dancefloor. Bridget shouts across to Miranda.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (Gleeful)
dialog: It’s 2.30 in the afternoon! I
dialog: should be hoovering!
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE. DAY. 32
text: A tipsy Miranda and Bridget are backstage having fun by the
dialog: bar.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: This is incredible, we have to get
text: a photo.
text: Bridget turns round to find somebody to take a photo of them.
text: She taps the person next to them at the bar on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: Excuse me, would you mind if we
dialog: asked you to...
text: He turns round - REVEAL - it’s ED SHEERAN.
speaker_heading: ED SHEERAN
dialog: Of course not, total pleasure.
text: Bridget hands Ed the camera and he then places himself in the
text: middle of Bridget and Miranda - who just stare at him like
text: he’s insane. There is a long pause.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: What on earth are you doing?
speaker_heading: ED SHEERAN
dialog: I thought you wanted a picture.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: We did! Of us!
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Yes, terribly sorry, we thought it
dialog: would be fun to have a picture of
dialog: us backstage among all these
dialog: glamorous people. I think that’s
text: the man from ‘Cash In The Attic’ ,
dialog: it would be great if you could get
text: him in shot.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 22
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: ED SHEERAN
dialog: Right, and you don’t want me in the
dialog: picture at all?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: We just wanted you to take a selfie
dialog: of us.
text: He attempts to make a joke to lighten the situation.
speaker_heading: ED SHEERAN
dialog: Well then it wouldn’t be a selfie,
dialog: would it? It would be a ‘youfie’.
text: Miranda just stares at him witheringly, then grabs back the
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: And an attitude to boot! Is it
dialog: really so difficult?
text: They walk away leaving a shocked Ed Sheeran hanging.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Honestly, they let any riff-raff
dialog: backstage nowadays.
text: As they walk away Bridget turns around and exchanges a smile
dialog: with him.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I thought he was kind of cute. He
dialog: looked very familiar. I think he
text: works in the Starbucks in Balham.
scene_heading: INT. EDM TENT. DAY. 33
text: A tipsy Miranda and Bridget are looking lost. They spot a
dialog: tent.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: Let’s go to the Mantra tent next,
text: that’s where FKA Twigs is playing.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Great! I love him... her... them?
scene_heading: INT. LITERARY TENT. DAY 34
text: An INTERVIEWER sits on stage opposite Jack Quant. Behind
text: them a bank of screens bearing the ‘Qwantify’ logo.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: Since floating his empire which
dialog: includes the online dating site
dialog: Qwantify, internet philanthropist
text: Jack Quant, hasn’t sat still. He
dialog: has just written a New York Times
text: bestseller QWANTUM LEAP...
dialog: (holds up book)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 23
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER (CONT'D)
dialog: And he’s also sponsoring this
dialog: festival.
text: A round of polite applause.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER (CONT’D)
text: But it all began with the strum of
dialog: Cupid’s arrow, right?
text: The audience laughs.
speaker_heading: JACK
text: Well, it began with a broken heart.
dialog: Dating seemed irrational, so I
dialog: wanted to see if the mysteries of
dialog: human attraction could be broken
dialog: down into something mathematical.
text: Suddenly a rowdy Bridget and Miranda bound into the tent
text: assuming it’s FKA Twigs.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: Wooo, fuck yeah!
text: All heads turn as Bridget and Miranda stop in their tracks.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (looking directly at
dialog: Bridget)
dialog: I believe there is someone out
dialog: there for everyone... if we just
dialog: ask the right questions and apply
dialog: the laws of mathematics.
text: The audience listen intently.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: Come on let’s go. Who wants to do
dialog: maths at a festival? Let’s get shit-
dialog: faced.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (whispering to Miranda)
dialog: Let’s stay...he’s interesting.
text: Bridget forces Miranda to sit down in two empty seats. Back
text: on stage Jack has the crowd rapt.
speaker_heading: INTERVIEWER
dialog: And now you’ve moved from match-
dialog: making to global business
dialog: partnerships.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes, that same algorithm has helped
dialog: bring together the world’s most
dialog: needy with the world’s most
dialog: wealthy.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 24
text: As if to illustrate this point, behind him photos of cocoa
text: farmers in Columbia switch around the screen to match with
dialog: chocolate factories in Switzerland; Yak farmers in Tibet with
dialog: coffee houses in San Francisco.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: (shouting out to the
dialog: crowd)
dialog: BORING!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Okay. I get it, you don’t want to
dialog: talk about algorithms at a
dialog: festival. So let me show you how
dialog: they can be...sexy. Take out your
dialog: phones.
text: Murmured curiosity as the audience take out their phones.
text: Jack reaches into his pocket and takes out his own.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Take a photo.
text: Jack takes a photo of himself, taps on the screen and uploads
text: it. At once his ludicrously handsome photo appears with some
text: of his answers underneath.
dialog: It reads - Jack Quant ‘interests - Environmentalism,
dialog: Trekking, Lady Mary’.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
text: Now quickly answer a couple of
dialog: questions.
text: Miranda takes out her phone and hurriedly fills out the
text: questionnaire. She takes a photo of a resistant Bridget.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: I’ve put down that you like French
dialog: cinema - it’s sophisticated and
text: slutty at the same time.
text: Miranda takes a snap of herself.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Then upload it to the Qwantify
dialog: website and the results should
text: start coming up on the screen
dialog: behind me.
text: More and more photos upload from the audience. Suddenly a
text: photo of Miranda appears - she looks amazing. Then one of
text: Bridget - she is slightly out of focus, mouth open.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: French cinema, huh? Slutty and
dialog: sophisticated.
text: As more pictures appear he comments.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 25
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s science, you’d be foolish to
dialog: resist it.
speaker_heading: (ALT)
dialog: This could be the start of
dialog: something special, or at least a
text: quick fumble in a sleeping bag.
dialog: To guy with white hair & beard.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Ooo, there you go Gandalf, seems
dialog: you’re not the only one looking for
text: a ring.
text: The good looking couple are matched.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Now you guys would have good
text: looking babies.
text: A pair come up who both have as one of their interests -
dialog: ‘nights in on my own’
dialog: The girl does the ‘call me’ motion.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: He doesn’t have to call you, he’s
dialog: literally here.
text: Various other photos appear with captions. INTERVIEWER’s
text: picture comes up with - ‘Social Anthropology, Sunsets’.
text: A quiet marvelling as more and more photos upload from the
text: audience, coming together, aligned in ‘couplings’.
text: The INTERVIEWER’S photo attaches to a particularly attractive
text: woman, his eyes light up.
text: Miranda flushes, now matched with a rather odd looking man
text: sitting to her left.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Remember what happens at the
dialog: festival, stays at the festival,
text: unless it goes on Instagram then
text: 300 million people can see it.
text: Miranda grabs Bridget’s arm. A rather earnest looking man
text: with a very old plastic bag in his hand smiles at Bridget.
text: She looks back at the screen. They’ve been matched.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Never question the algorithm, see
dialog: there really is someone for
dialog: everyone...
text: Bridget and Miranda get up and edge out of the tent.
text: Suddenly on screen, Jack’s photo is matched with Bridget’s
text: and the earnest man is knocked down to a photo below.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 26
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
text: Jack's eyes fall back to where Bridget was sitting. She’s
dialog: gone.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Guess I scared her off.
scene_heading: EXT. FESTIVAL. NIGHT. 35
text: Ed Sheeran belts out the iconic and brilliant ‘Sing’. The
dialog: crowd love him, so do Bridget and Miranda.
text: Bridget, now loving festival life, jiggles on top of
text: Miranda’s straining shoulders.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: Oh my god.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I know... It’s the guy from
dialog: Starbucks!
text: LATER: Miranda bucks Bridget off her shoulders. As she is
text: crowd-surfed over the heads of the fans, Bridget’s image
text: appears on a multitude of screens flanking the stage.
text: LATER: Miranda is in her bra inside a giant inflated zorb
text: ball rolling around.
scene_heading: INT. YURT. NIGHT. LATER. 36
text: Bridget crashes into the pitch black yurt, laughing. She rips
text: off her dress, flops into bed, exhausted.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I’ve got to admit, that was fun.
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: You know what, you’re right, what I
dialog: need is a good shafting, some good
dialog: old fashioned, lie-back-and-think-
dialog: of-England bonking.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sign me up.
text: Bridget sits bolt upright, startled. Jack puts on the light,
text: smiles gently at her.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Oh my god... how? (genuine
dialog: surprise) What are you doing in my
dialog: yurt...?
text: She looks around and sees all his things scattered.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: With all your possessions, and
dialog: clothes, and luggage...
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 27
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
text: They laugh.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yup, it’s almost as if I’ve come in
dialog: and made it my own, right?
text: Bridget takes another look at Jack.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Oh my god, you’re the algorithm
dialog: guy.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And wait, it’s you, the creature
dialog: from the black lagoon, who likes
dialog: French cinema, right?
text: Bridget smiles at him. Jack scoots across the bed to make
dialog: space.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: You don’t really expect me to
dialog: believe you accidentally crashed
dialog: into my yurt, do you? But since
dialog: you’re here and obviously looking
dialog: for a mate, maybe I can help you.
text: Bridget laughs. Damn he’s hot.
scene_heading: INT. FESTIVAL TENT. NIGHT. 37
text: Ed Sheeran performs an unplugged version of ‘Thinking Out
text: Loud’ to a rapt small audience.
text: As he sings a giant Zorb ball with Miranda inside, rolls
text: gently into the tent.
scene_heading: INT. JACK’S YURT. NIGHT. 38
text: Bridget is lying on her front on the bed, facing Jack as he
text: fills in the Qwantify questionnaire online. Their faces
text: illuminated by the screen.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I thought you said a few questions.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Nearly there. Do you believe in
dialog: God?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Only when absolutely necessary.
dialog: When facing major illness and/or
text: when stuck in a lift.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Have you ever eaten anything off
dialog: the floor?
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 28
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Usually after applying the five—
dialog: second rule, but not if it’s butter-
dialog: side down.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Have you ever done anything you're
dialog: ashamed of?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Well, I pretended to be disabled to
text: get to the front of a Duran Duran
dialog: concert; I watched ‘Dirty Dancing’
dialog: eight times in one day, and had sex
dialog: with Olly Husbands-Bosworth in my
dialog: Dad’‘s old Renault.
text: Jack laughs.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I’m running out of space... Would
dialog: you sleep with someone on the first
dialog: date?
text: There is a long pause.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Tricky....but on reflection...quite
dialog: possibly...yes. (Beat) Does it
dialog: count if you’ve got money on it?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Depends how much?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Terms were not officially agreed
dialog: but it went along the lines of my
dialog: friend betting me that I had to
dialog: sleep with the first man I met.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And was I? The first man?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Second.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You might have just lost your bet.
text: He leans forwards and kisses her.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Are we finished with the questions?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: A couple more.
text: Things are heating up. Jack kisses her again.
text: SHOOTING SCRIPT.
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 29
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: I need to know what things you
dialog: aren't prepared to do, just to make
dialog: absolutely sure I don’t offend.
text: He starts to kiss her neck.
dialog: He reaches
text: They kiss.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Is this off the agenda?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: A hundred percent. I’m not that
dialog: kind of girl.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Right. So I presume this is a no-
dialog: no?
text: round to undo her bra.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Without question.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Excellent. I’m really beginning to
dialog: paint a picture of the kind of girl
dialog: you aren’t.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Do you think you may have found me
dialog: a match?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I‘’1l have to run the numbers but
dialog: I’m pretty hopeful we can find
dialog: someone within your criteria. It’s
text: looking like a 97 percent match.
dialog: Although would you mind an
dialog: American?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: An American? Sounds terrible...
scene_heading: EXT. FESTIVAL PORTALOOS. NIGHT
dialog: 39
text: Miranda is now in the giant zorb ball with Ed Sheeran. They
text: roll down a hill and straight into the portaloos, two of
text: which they knock over.
scene_heading: INT. YURT.
scene_heading: SUNDAY MORNING. DAWN.
dialog: 40
text: Bridget wakes with a start. Turns. The other side of the bed
text: is empty. She looks around blearily, she sees her phone to
dialog: check the
text: time and there is a text from Miranda.
dialog: “Where are you?”
text: With a panic Bridget jumps out of bed and grabs her clothes.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 30
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
scene_heading: EXT. YURT. LATER. 4l
text: Nobody is awake. It’s been raining and the field is a swampy,
text: muddy bog.
text: Bridget, in a flap, jumps out of Jack’s yurt, lands in a
text: boggy patch and can’t extricate her Wellington boot.
text: Panicked, she simply takes her foot out and runs off with one
text: bare foot.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 42
scene_heading: EXT/INT. YURT. MORNING. 43
text: Jack returns to the yurt with coffee and croissants. He sees
text: the empty bed. Looks outside again where he sees the
text: abandoned Wellington boot. He extricates it from the mud and
text: looks at it wistfully.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 44
speaker_heading: OMITTED 45
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. SOME DAYS LATER. 46
text: Bridget exits her flat hurriedly with a poorly-wrapped toy.
text: Shazzer and her twins, RUBY and SPIKE (5) wait by Shazzer's
text: car. Shazzer oblivious as Bridget slips two blue fizzy Haribo
text: bombs into their mouths. They smile at her in delight.
speaker_heading: SHAZZER
dialog: So it lasted six hours?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: At least.
text: Ruby shouts over.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: What lasted six hours Mum?
speaker_heading: SHAZZER
dialog: Erm, a puppet show Auntie Bridge
dialog: went to...
scene_heading: INT. CAR. DAY 47
text: They pile into the car.
speaker_heading: SHAZZER
dialog: Six hour puppet shows. And were
dialog: they little puppets or...
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
text: Very nice sized puppets.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 31
speaker_heading: SHAZZER
dialog: And did he...(struggling) put the
dialog: puppets in your mouth?
text: The children look very confused. Bridget nods.
speaker_heading: SHAZZER (CONT'D)
dialog: God I feel like my days of puppet
dialog: shows are behind me. I’ve never
dialog: even had 2 puppets at a time, had a
dialog: mile high puppet show... And has he
dialog: called? It’s been a week.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: That’s not how it works now. You
dialog: just hook up with rugged
dialog: troubadours at music festivals and
text: there are no strings. Puppets with
dialog: no strings.
scene_heading: 48 INT. COUNTRY HOUSE HOTEL. BEDROOM. DAY. 48
text: A chic, expensive room. JUDE dresses her 6 year old, POPPY,
text: whilst talking on speaker into her iPhone. They both have
text: frightful colds. Giles is in the background getting ready.
speaker_heading: JUDE
dialog: Where the fuck are you?
text: The child watches her mother carefully and expressionlessly
text: before sneezing wetly all over her.
scene_heading: 49 INT. CAR. LONDON TRAFFIC JAM. DAY. 49
text: The car in stationary traffic. Shazzer’s children’s mouths
text: are agape at hearing the swear word.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
text: Speeding through lovely
dialog: countryside.
speaker_heading: SPIKE
dialog: No we're not, why is Auntie Bridget
dialog: lying...
scene_heading: 50 INT. COUNTRY HOUSE HOTEL. BEDROOM. DAY. 50
speaker_heading: JUDE (0.S.)
dialog: You'd better be.
text: Jude lifts up Poppy’s dress and looks at her severely.
speaker_heading: JUDE (CONT'D)
dialog: You are not going to a christening
text: without wearing knickers.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 32
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
scene_heading: INT. CAR. DAY. 51
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
text: We are wearing knickers.
speaker_heading: SHAZZER
dialog: Speak for yourself.
speaker_heading: JUDE
dialog: Bridge, I thought you should know,
dialog: after Tom dropped out, Giles asked
dialog: Mark to be the godfather, the
dialog: prick.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (Horrified)
dialog: He did what?
speaker_heading: JUDE (0.S.)
dialog: I know he really is a useless cock,
dialog: did it without asking me.
text: Bridget tenses.
scene_heading: INT. COUNTRY CHURCH. DAY. 52
text: The service is already underway. Bridget, Shazzer and the
text: kids come in at the back of the church.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.0)
dialog: Oh fuck, fuck, fuck.
text: A roiling sea of smug-marrieds and their offspring fill the
text: pews. Shazzer and the kids duck into a pew, leaving Bridget
text: to run the gauntlet, tottering down the aisle to the font
text: where the christening party is waiting for her. The baby is
text: crying.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: (muttering left and right)
dialog: Sorry, sorry, sorry!
text: POPPY stands beside a cross-looking Jude as Bridget
text: approaches.
speaker_heading: POPPY
dialog: (repeating her mother’s words)
dialog: Where the FUCK were you?
text: Bridget gets a frosty reception from Jude, Giles and the
text: VICAR. She acknowledges Mark Darcy. He gives what looks like
text: a disapproving nod in return.
text: Irritably, Jude hands Bridget the baby. It immediately stops
text: crying. The baby loves her.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY CHURCH. DAY. 53
text: Bridget and Darcy still haven’t had a chance to speak. Jude,
text: Giles, Bridget and Darcy are lining up for photos.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 33
text: Bridget is still holding the baby who is sleeping peacefully.
text: MAGDA and JEREMY, friends of Bridget’s, are there with three
text: ill-behaved boys in tow.
speaker_heading: MAGDA
dialog: Look at Bridget - she’s a natural.
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Need to get a move on though. Mind
dialog: you, that woman in Italy had a baby
dialog: at 65.
text: Magda nudges him, smiles apologetically at Bridget.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Number one on my to-do list!
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: Want a hand?
text: Magda hits him. Mark looks awkwardly at the floor.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: OK, can I just have the godparents
dialog: now?
text: The rest of the congregation peel away, leaving just Mark,
text: Bridget and the baby. In an alternate universe...
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: (stiffly)
dialog: So, how are you?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Very well thank you? And you?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Well. Yes. Thanks.
text: Mark is incredibly uncomfortable and awkward around the baby.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Are you here with your wife? I’m
dialog: sorry I can’t remember her name.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Camilla. No. She er... no. Couldn’t
dialog: make it. Are you with anyo....?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: No. Not...today... No.
text: She trails off, busies herself with the baby.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Come on it’s not a funeral. What
dialog: about a couple of smiles from you
dialog: two? Maybe give her a little kiss
dialog: on the forehead?
text: Darcy leans over to give Bridget the most awkward of pecks on
text: the forehead.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 34
dialog: 54
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER (CONT’D)
dialog: That’s lovely, but I was talking
dialog: about the baby.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (tries to break the ice)
dialog: We should probably just acknowledge
dialog: that this is unbelievably awkward,
dialog: no?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Sorry?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: This? You and me holding a baby,
dialog: you know, since well... you know.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Right, yes, put like that...
text: He doesn’t get a chance to elaborate because Jude interrupts.
speaker_heading: JUDE
dialog: Bridget, they want to get a photo
dialog: with you and me and the baby.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Yes. Good.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Well. I’1l see you later I
dialog: shouldn’t wonder.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Yes... unless I try and make a
dialog: break for it with this thing.
dialog: Healthy babies can fetch a fortune
dialog: on the black market and I
dialog: desperately need a new boiler.
dialog: (talking to the baby)
dialog: Shall we sell you? Shall we?
text: The baby chortles back at her. The photographer looks
text: horrified, Mark smiles.
scene_heading: INT. DRAWING ROOM. HOTEL. DAY. 54
text: The party is well underway. Darcy stands with a group of
text: fathers including Giles & Fergus. Bridget is wandering around
text: followed by a crocodile-line of kids. Darcy and Bridget
dialog: pretend not to notice each other.
text: On a band of mothers, all talking to a HEAVILY-PREGNANT
text: WOMAN, GINNY. Bridget tries to sneak past.
speaker_heading: WONEY
dialog: Here she is. Everyone’s favourite
dialog: godmother. How many godchildren
dialog: now, Bridget?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
text: Running into six figures, Woney.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 35
speaker_heading: WONEY
dialog: Better hurry up though!
text: Bridget grabs a fork from a passing tray and stabs it into
text: Woney’s arm. Woney screams.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Do you think it hasn’t crossed my
dialog: mind?
text: BACK TO REALITY.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: Good advice. Thanks.
speaker_heading: GINNY
dialog: You know there was a woman in Italy
dialog: who had a baby when she was 65.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Wow, I did not know that.
speaker_heading: GINNY
dialog: Ooh! There she goes! She’s kicking
dialog: me!
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: And who can blame her?
text: The women stare at her.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET.
dialog: With all this noise and excitement.
speaker_heading: GINNY
dialog: Do you want to feel?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: No, I’m okay -
speaker_heading: GINNY
dialog: I really don’t mind. Feel. The.
dialog: Bump.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Oh. Right. Okay.
dialog: (does so reluctantly)
dialog: Ahh. Lovely. Wow.
text: Bridget, all smiles.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: Excuse me, must go and get er...
text: impregnated.
text: As she leaves all the women watch her and ‘Aaah’ in
dialog: patronising sympathy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 36
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
scene_heading: INT. OTHER SIDE OF THE ROOM. DAY. 55
text: Bridget and Mark arrive at the bar simultaneously. Mark gives
text: her a polite smile as two efficient bar-people reach them.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Hello again.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: How are you?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I’m very well thank you. How are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I am fine.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: So am I. Well good bye then.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Good bye.
text: They turn away to a separate barman.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Give me a glass of wine. Big, big
dialog: glass.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: (to his barman)
dialog: And a whisky. Double.
text: They go off in opposite directions. Drinking fast.
scene_heading: INT. TV ROOM / CORRIDOR. HOTEL. DAY. 56
text: Mark spots Bridget who is heroically trying to stop Magda and
text: Jeremy’s three ill-behaved boys and Shazzer’s twins from
text: killing each other in order to get a turn on the iPad.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Zak, your Mum said thirty minutes.
dialog: Off! Now!
speaker_heading: BOY ONE
dialog: Wait! I’m about to shoot the pimp!
text: Bridget looks at the screen horrified as the boys kick and
text: thump each other. The youngest winds Bridget’s hair around a
text: Thomas the Tank Engine. Suddenly the child is hoisted away as
text: if by magic. Bridget sags with relief.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: That’s no way to treat a lady,
dialog: boys. Here, look -
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 37
text: Mark picks up the iPad and sits on the floor. The boys
text: cluster around it.
speaker_heading: MARK (CONT'D)
dialog: Right, vigilantism is no solution,
text: let the police deal with the pimp,
dialog: he’1l face a minimum of eight years
dialog: in custody, assuming no previous,
dialog: and how about you all sit round and
dialog: watch this thing with cows in
dialog: space...
text: Bridget rises to her feet, watching. The boys, absorbed in
text: this new film, have forgotten she exists. Mark speaks without
text: looking up.
speaker_heading: MARK (CONT'D)
dialog: I'd go while the going’s good.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Thanks.
text: Bridget walks away. She stops behind a flower display and
text: looks back at Mark patiently watching a film with five
dialog: irritating children.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: See that’s the first issue right
text: there, cows with opposable thumbs,
dialog: ludicrous...
scene_heading: 56A INT. HOTEL. NIGHT 56A
text: We find Jude fast asleep in her hotel room, with the baby
text: next to her.
scene_heading: 57 INT. DANCE FLOOR. HOTEL. NIGHT. 57
text: Dancing has started - a kind of kid/adult disco affair as
text: children run around drunk adults. Giles & Fergus are DJing
dialog: badly.
text: The music playing is GANGNAM STYLE.
text: Bridget - by now quite merry and wearing Poppy’s fairy wings -
text: still has the toy train wound into her hair. She’s dancing
text: with all the children, and doing all the horsey-ridey moves.
text: Despite the silliness of the dance Bridget is in her element,
text: she knows the dance really well and is mesmerizing, a strange
text: combination of graceful, sexy and fun.
text: Mark Darcy stands aloof, a bit tortured, observing,
text: inadvertently rapt by her. Bridget, mid dance, spots him
text: looking alone and after a moment’s pause ‘Gangnam Styles’
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I'd ask you to join me, but I’m
dialog: pretty sure you’re not a real
dialog: Gangnam Style kind of guy.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 38
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I was only there very briefly.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Gangnam.
text: Bridget looks puzzled.
speaker_heading: MARK (CONT'D)
dialog: What are we talking about?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Gangnam? Dancing.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Ah, I see. Not the suburb of Seoul.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I’m not familiar with Gangnam the
dialog: suburb.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: It literally means ‘south of the
dialog: Han river’. It was inhabited as
dialog: early as the Paleolithic period.
text: Bridget stops dancing.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Right, it suddenly seems so much
dialog: less catchy.
text: Fergus, on ‘the decks’ spots them together and immediately
text: changes the tune. Something lovely starts to play.
speaker_heading: FERGUS (0.C.)
dialog: Now a little something for all you
dialog: lovers out there. We’re entering
dialog: the ‘erection section’.
text: A shout rings out over the crowd.
speaker_heading: SHAZZER(0.C.)
dialog: Don’t say fucking ‘erection’ at a
dialog: christening.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: (to Bridget)
dialog: Shall we get some air?
text: They walk outside.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 39
scene_heading: 58 EXT. TERRACE. HOTEL. NIGHT. 58
text: Mark leads Bridget to the terrace overlooking the moonlit
dialog: lake.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I don’t suppose you have a
dialog: cigarette?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: No. I gave up. 691 days ago.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Not that you’re counting...
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Since when did you smoke?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I don’t. It’s been a tense time.
dialog: And maybe I’m nervous.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Why?
text: They stop and stare at each other.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: You have a train in your hair.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I am aware of that.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Seems to be stuck. And is this...
dialog: cake?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Profiterole.
speaker_heading: MARI
text: Technically more of a dessert than
dialog: a cake, I suppose.
text: Mark starts getting the train out.
text: Suddenly he pulls her to him. They kiss. She pulls away.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: What are you doing? You’re married.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: No I’m not. Well I am. We’re
dialog: getting a divorce. That’s why she’s
dialog: not here.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: But you were there together at
dialog: Daniel’s memorial?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: No, she was just there to be
dialog: supportive.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 40
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: MARK (CONT'D)
dialog: She’s gone back to The Hague. Where
dialog: she’s now living and I’m not.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET.
dialog: Mark. I’m so sorry.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Right at this precise moment, I’m
dialog: not sorry at all.
text: And he pulls her to him and kisses her again.
scene_heading: INT. PARTY ROOM & HOTEL RECEPTION. HOTEL. SAME TIME. NIGHT 59
text: The dance floor is crowded with Mums, Dads and children
text: miming the actions to YMCA. Bridget and Darcy leave the
text: party, their eyes locked on each other.
scene_heading: INT. MARK'S BEDROOM. NIGHT 60
text: Mark tries to undo the many tiny buttons on her dress, it
text: takes a ridiculously long time. They both start to laugh.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: How the fuck am I meant to get in
dialog: here?
scene_heading: INT. MARK’'S BEDROOM. LATER 61
text: The familiar trail of clothes and undies leads to the bed.
text: Mark and Bridget are having sex.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Mark Darcy. Wow.
scene_heading: INT. MARK’'S BEDROOM. LATER 62
text: Mark and Bridget happy, content, post-coital.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Bridget?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Were you faking not having an
dialog: orgasm?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (sheepish)
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Why do you do that?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: So you won’t stop.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 4l
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: God. I’ve missed you.
text: Mark’s iPhone alarm goes off. He reaches for it.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Are we on schedule?
text: Mark laughs.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Sorry. It’s gone off early. I've
dialog: got a flight to Damascus tomorrow.
text: He turns over and goes back to sleep. Bridget looks at him.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK MONTAGE
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT. DAY 63
text: Bridget waits for Mark at arrivals. The arrivals board reads
text: ‘DAMASCUS’. He doesn’t appear. Bridget anxious.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT. GIANNI'S ITALIAN. NIGHT. 64
text: Bridget is at a candlelit table ordering. Mark is outside the
text: window on the phone.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Happy anniv....
text: Mark waves an absent minded finger at her, talking into his
text: phone. She points to something on the menu and he gives her a
text: thumbs up, still on the phone.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT. DAY. 65
text: Bridget waits for Mark at arrivals. The arrivals board reads
text: ‘BASRA’. He doesn’t appear. Bridget anxious.
scene_heading: INT. MARK’S HOUSE. NIGHT. 66
text: It is Mark’s birthday. Bridget has prepared a spectacular
text: birthday meal, with balloons, candles, flowers. She’s dressed
text: in an apron. She hears someone at the door. She opens it to
text: Mark. Simultaneously the camera pulls back to reveal a wide
text: shot of: Bridget from behind, ENTIRELY NAKED. Mark’s four
text: work colleagues appear in the door behind him.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 67
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 42
scene_heading: 67A INT. AUDITORIUM. DAY - FLASHBACK - LATER 67A
text: On a podium, looking gorgeous but professional in a posh
text: frock, Bridget accepts the award for ‘Daytime Television News
text: Producer of the Year 2010’ from a well known presenter. She
text: heads off the stage and back to her seat with her impressive-
dialog: looking award.
scene_heading: 68 EXT. TATE BRITAIN. DAY - FLASHBACK 68
text: Large banners outside the building announce the ‘BRITISH
scene_heading: DAYTIME TELEVISION AWARDS’
text: Bridget stands alone on the steps of the imposing building.
text: She is holding her award. She is looking up and down the
text: road, as if waiting for someone to arrive. The last of the
text: event’s attendees trickle down the steps, one or two of them
text: congratulating her as they pass.
text: Finally, she walks down the steps, alone and sad, and stands
text: waiting on the pavement.
text: At the sound of a car, she looks up and smiles with relief
text: and delight, as if seeing someone she knows.
scene_heading: END MONTAGE.
scene_heading: 69 INT. MARK'S HOTEL ROOM. CONT. 69
text: At that moment Mark’s mobile lights up. We see a text flash
text: up from Camilla (complete with photograph): ‘Call me. xX’.
text: Bridget reflects. She gives him a tender kiss on the cheek
text: before gathering her clothes and leaving.
scene_heading: 70 INT. COUNTRY HOUSE HOTEL. DARCY’S BEDROOM. DAY. 70
text: Morning light flutters across DARCY’S lids.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Bridget?
text: This is met with ominous silence. He looks around and
text: deflates as he spies a note on the bedside table.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
dialog: I’m so sorry, Mark. Had to leave.
dialog: This probably sounds pathetic but I
dialog: got scared. We’ve been here once
dialog: before.... and I’m not sure either
dialog: of us are ready to go through it
dialog: again. We always loved the fantasy
dialog: of us. But the reality, as we both
dialog: know, is quite different. BRIDGET.
text: CLOSE on MARK’S face.
speaker_heading: 71 OMITTED 71
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 43
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
scene_heading: EXT. ALBERT BRIDGE. MORNING. TIME PASSING SEQUENCE. 72
dialog: On four different days over the eight following weeks,
text: Bridget wobbles to work on the new, unused-before bicycle.
text: She can’t filter into the traffic. She dings her bell.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.) CONT.
dialog: Must keep trying something new and
dialog: frightening each day, like finally
dialog: plucking up courage to ride bicycle
text: through scary urban streets which
dialog: we now call village. And will - as
dialog: always - throw myself into my work.
text: Bridget happily cycling along the busy road. Smiling at her
text: achievement. Pull out to reveal a LONG LINE of honking cars
text: and trucks stuck behind her.
text: EIGHT WEEKS LATER.
scene_heading: INT. HARD NEWS STUDIOS. BOARDROOM. DAY. 73
text: Alice Peabody is addressing the assembled staff of Hard News.
text: Richard Finch sidles in looking every inch the hipster with
text: full beard and moustache. He smiles smugly at Alice’s hipster
dialog: assistants.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: It’s called ‘news’ because it
dialog: should feel new, otherwise it would
dialog: be called ‘olds’. Last night our
dialog: top three stories were twenty-three
dialog: dead in the Middle East, boring,
dialog: Earthquake in Asia, seen it before,
dialog: car crash on the M5, blah blah
dialog: blah. We are making ‘olds’. We need
dialog: to flip the switch, mix it up. I
dialog: want to nutri bullet the shit out
dialog: of the news.
text: Richard leans across to Bridget and Miranda.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
text: She’s on the warpath. Susan the
dialog: Floor Manager has gone. She was 37
dialog: for God’s sake.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: She was 6 months pregnant!
text: Alice Peabody confers with an assistant about the powerpoint
dialog: presentation.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: We need to grab the attention, get
dialog: eyes on screen, we need stories
dialog: like, is your sofa bed giving you
dialog: cancer? Is your freezer giving you
dialog: Alzheimer's?
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 44
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: And are they?
text: Alice is annoyed at this challenge.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Literally no evidence, but you’re
dialog: missing the point. You’re intrigued
dialog: aren’t you? I want to launch Hard
text: News's rebranding with a clear new,
dialog: objective. We have a presentation
dialog: in twelve weeks at the London Media
dialog: Show and I need someone dynamic,
dialog: innovative and focused to lead the
dialog: charge. Any volunteers?
text: In a fit of enthusiasm Bridget thrusts up her hand, she is
text: the only person to do so. Everybody looks stunned, including
text: Alice, who chooses not to acknowledge her.
speaker_heading: ALICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Anybody at all?...
text: Still, only Bridget’s hand remains aloft. Miranda leans over
text: to her and whispers.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: You do realise this is extra work
dialog: for no money.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Do you need the loo Bridget?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: No, I want to volunteer.
dialog: (then unconvincingly)
dialog: Hashtag letsdothis!
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. EVENING. 74
text: The TV is on in the bedroom. Mark Darcy is on the news. He is
text: outside the Supreme Court in his Barrister’s garb, standing
text: with four female punks. Bridget stops what she’s doing and
text: looks at the screen somewhat sadly.
speaker_heading: TV NEWS (V.O.)
dialog: The all female punk band, Poonani,
dialog: who have already served a prison
dialog: sentence in their native country
dialog: for criticizing their President,
dialog: are now being accused of fraud and
dialog: face extradition from the UK.
text: Mark addresses the assembled press.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: This case isn’t about fraud. It’s
dialog: about freedom of speech. We shall
dialog: use the full force of the British
dialog: judicial system to ensure that P...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 45
speaker_heading: MARK (CONT'D)
dialog: (he can’t bring himself to
dialog: say the name)
dialog: these artists are entitled to
dialog: exercise that freedom in the twenty
dialog: first century...
text: Bridget is putting on her jeans. She can’t fasten them.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
dialog: Hashtag letsjustwaitasecond and
dialog: launch into presentation as soon as
dialog: I corral increasingly worrying
text: middle-aged spread.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Bridget is skype-ing Shazzer on her laptop in her sitting
text: room as she googles p.e.r.i.m.e.n.o.p.a.u.s.e. A frenzy of
dialog: websites: Hotflush.com, Bioidenticals.co.uk etc.
speaker_heading: SHAZZER
dialog: So you’re what?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Peri Menopausal. The symptoms are
dialog: ‘Memory lapses, mood swings, weight
dialog: gain.
dialog: For some women this can begin as
dialog: early as thirty five.’ We’re a
dialog: biologically oppressed race!
speaker_heading: SHAZZER (0.S.)
dialog: Before you become too oppressed,
dialog: let's rule out some other options.
dialog: You’re not pregnant, are you?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Of course not! I always carry
dialog: condoms in my handbag and I made
dialog: them use mine!
text: She pulls out the condom-box from her bag and examines it.
text: It’s crumpled and decrepit.
speaker_heading: SHAZZER
dialog: Oh god, you didn’t use those weird
dialog: Vegan thingies?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Bio-degradable and dolphin-
dialog: friendly. If I’m going to be slutty
dialog: it’s nice to think at least it’s
dialog: helping the environment.
speaker_heading: SHAZZER
dialog: Christ Bridget, I remember when you
dialog: bought those things, that was
dialog: decades ago.
text: She looks at them closely - the sell by date says USE BY
dialog: September 2010.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 46
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Sell by dates don’t mean anything,
dialog: do they?
speaker_heading: OMITTED 75
scene_heading: INT. HARD NEWS STUDIOS. MIRANDA’S OFFICE. NEXT MORNING. 76
text: CLOSE UP on a draw full of pregnancy tests.
text: Miranda hands one to Bridget.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: They were a gift. Don’t ask...
scene_heading: INT. HARD NEWS STUDIOS. LADIES TOILET. DAY. 77
text: Miranda stands outside a toilet cubicle talking to Bridget
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
text: Tumbling rapids, frothing
text: waterfalls, a babbling brook...
text: She turns on the taps as we cut to a pensive Bridget sitting
dialog: on the loo.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
dialog: So here I was, weeing on another
text: stick, thinking back over all the
dialog: times I feared it was positive, or
dialog: negative, wondering what I wanted
dialog: this time.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Bridget and Miranda look at the pregnancy test stick.
text: CLOSE UP. A blue line appears.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: I think that’s a positive result.
text: For a moment, both of them are in stunned silence.
text: Miranda shakes the stick.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Don’t shake it, you’1l hurt the
dialog: baby.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: The baby’s not in the sodding
dialog: stick, Bridget. Well the good news
dialog: is you’re not having the menopause.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Right.
text: Bridget looks at Miranda - she can’t believe it.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 47
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: This is when you are meant to leap
dialog: for joy.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I am?
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: You’re pregnant. You’re pregnant!
dialog: You’re going to have a BABY!!
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (with a genuine smile)
text: A baby.
text: Alice Peabody marches in, and in a panic Miranda sweeps the
text: test from the sink tops into a rubbish bin to hide them.
text: Alice heads into a cubicle and a panicked Bridget fishes the
text: test out of the bin.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispers to Miranda)
dialog: That is no place for a child of
dialog: mine.
scene_heading: INT. GALLERY. HARD NEWS STUDIO. DAY. 78
text: Miranda and Bridget in whispered discussion, aware that Alice
text: and her team are hovering in the background.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: You don’t have to keep it...
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Don’t I? Maybe that’s a good thing?
dialog: Is it?
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: Bridget, do you want a baby?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I don’t know, but I’m 43 and it
dialog: might be the only chance I’m going
dialog: to get.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: One broken out-of-date condom... I
dialog: might have believed it was an
dialog: accident but two? You wanted it.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
dialog: Maybe I did?
scene_heading: INT. ANTE-NATAL CLINIC. WAITING ROOM. DAY. 2 MONTHS. 79
text: Bridget sits in a full waiting-room. She flicks through a
text: Hello magazine, stopping at a double page wedding feature.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 48
speaker_heading: BRIDGET(V.O.)
dialog: This is not how I thought this
dialog: moment would be. I thought I would
dialog: be with the square-jawed love of my
dialog: life, I imagined him returning home
text: from work in a suit to the joyous
dialog: news. Breathe. Stay calm, whole
text: world about to change.
scene_heading: 80 INT. ANTE-NATAL CLINIC. DAY. 80
text: Bridget is sitting with DR. RAWLINGS who is holding up a
text: chart. Bridget consults her iPad.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: So which of the times with me and
dialog: my wonderful man do you think we
dialog: might have got pregnant on?
speaker_heading: DR. RAWLINGS
dialog: Does it matter?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Well, yes! It’s such a special
dialog: moment! We want to know which one
dialog: it is so we can treasure it.
speaker_heading: DR. RAWLINGS
dialog: Can’‘t you treasure both of them?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: We will and do, of course, but
dialog: surely one of those dates is more
dialog: likely than the other?
speaker_heading: DR. RAWLINGS
dialog: Actually Day 10, his birthday, is a
dialog: bit early and Day 16, which was -
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: - after our anniversary dinner -
speaker_heading: DR. RAWLINGS
dialog: - yes. Is a bit late. Are you sure
dialog: there wasn’t another treasurable
dialog: occasion in between?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Quite sure because - he was away
dialog: for a few days - he’s such a busy
dialog: bee! Always on business trips. So
dialog: which of the two would you go for?
speaker_heading: DR. RAWLINGS
dialog: No idea. Both equally likely.
dialog: Could’ve been after the events
dialog: because as you know, sperm can live
text: for several days after ejaculation.
text: Bridget’s eyes bulge.
text: SHOOTING SCRIPT.
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Couldn't you just have a guess for
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: DR. RAWLINGS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Just pretend you're putting money
dialog: on a horse?
speaker_heading: DR. RAWLINGS
dialog: Certainly not.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: What about the first scan then?
dialog: Will that show when conception took
dialog: place?
speaker_heading: DR. RAWLINGS
dialog: No. Call this number to fix a date
dialog: for it. And do bring the father. If
dialog: you can work out which one he is...
text: Bridget is caught.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Right. Just out of interest...
speaker_heading: DR. RAWLINGS
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: If someone did have an element of
dialog: confusion about who the father was -
speaker_heading: DR. RAWLINGS
dialog: - you can get DNA from the baby at
dialog: the amniocentesis. And I do
dialog: recommend that you have the
dialog: amniocentesis. There are always
dialog: more risks with a geriatric mother.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Geriatric? That’s outrageous.
speaker_heading: DR. RAWLINGS
dialog: Indeed.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Unless it means they can sign on
dialog: for their pension and child support
dialog: at the same time.
text: Dr. Rawlings laughs.
scene_heading: 81 INT. BRIDGET’S BEDROOM. DAY. 81
text: Bridget sorts through her underwear drawer.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 50
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: BRIDGET(V.O.)
dialog: Where ARE they?
text: She produces a pair of the almost full body spanx, they
text: extend from knee to just under the breast.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
dialog: Here they are! The constrictors!
dialog: Must prove to world, Bridget Jones
dialog: can do this. Independent career
dialog: woman, single mother. Must prove
dialog: myself as key millenial attractor.
text: Bridget now with full body spanx on.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
dialog: Hashtagletsdothis!
scene_heading: INT. HARD NEWS OFFICE. DAY. 82
text: Bridget is at her desk as Alice marches up. Bridget spots her
text: and puts on her best ‘concentrating face’, focusing on her
dialog: computer.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Hi, so I just wanted to connect,
dialog: check how the presentation was
text: shaping up.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Uh, huh, yup. Totally on top of it,
dialog: nutri bulleting the shit out of it.
text: Alice screws her face up.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: What?... I’m relying on you
dialog: Bridget. I need you to get this
dialog: right. Understand?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: One hundred percent. You can count
dialog: on me.
text: As Alice sashays off, Bridget lifts up her bin and vomits
text: into it, then puts it down as if nothing has happened.
scene_heading: EXT. ST.PANCRAS FOUNTAINS. DAY. 83
text: Shazzer and Tom are happily drinking al fresco as Bridget
text: nurses an orange juice. Bridget furtively sniffs Shazzer’s
text: wine as Tom shows them pictures of his Colombian baby on his
text: phone. In the background an outdoor experimental puppet show
text: is taking place. Shazzer’s children are watching the show.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Eduardo’s still out there, he’s so
dialog: excited about being a Dad.
text: Bridget and Shazzer ‘ooh and aah’ at photo.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 51
speaker_heading: SHAZZER
dialog: Speaking of which have you told
dialog: your ‘fathers’ yet?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Yes of course. Do I? What if I’m
dialog: too much of a coward? No, you’re
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Or at least one of them. Get their
dialog: DNA and you can eliminate one of
dialog: them from your enquiries.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: This isn’t CSI St. Pancras... Which
dialog: one do I tell? What would I even
dialog: say to Mark? ‘Hello Mark, I was
dialog: just passing by, I know I left you
dialog: asleep etc etc. But I don’t suppose
dialog: you've got any blood, sperm or old
dialog: fingernails lying around?’. And
dialog: Jack's a bloody billionaire. It’s
dialog: not like I can just ring him up or
dialog: give him a friend request on
dialog: Facebook.
text: Shazzer is busy googling him on her phone.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I can’t believe you slept with a
dialog: gorgeous billionaire. If you need
dialog: his DNA, I’m totally prepared to
dialog: extract it for you.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Why couldn’t I have just shagged a
dialog: bloody plumber? He’ll just think
dialog: I’m another awful gold digger,
dialog: he’1ll never answer my calls. I have
dialog: no clue how I‘'1l ever even see him
dialog: again.
text: Bridget takes another desperate sniff of the wine.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you order a scotch, I need a
text: sniff of something stronger.
text: The puppet show ends, the children come running over.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you enjoy the show, kids?
speaker_heading: SPIKE
dialog: Yes Auntie Bridge
dialog: (aside to Ruby)
dialog: She thinks we don’t know what
dialog: puppet shows really mean.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 52
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
scene_heading: INT. HARD NEWS GALLERY. NIGHT. 84
text: The gallery is buzzing as it’s show time. A skittish Bridget
text: is at the desk, in Miranda’s ear.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: OK, nice job Miranda, you have 3
text: minutes of VT before the interview.
text: Alice enters.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I have to say Bridget, I’m actually
dialog: excited about this next guest.
dialog: Relevant, relatable and extremely
dialog: fuckable. Good work.
scene_heading: INT. HARD NEWS. STUDIO FLOOR. NIGHT. 85
text: REVEAL: Down on the studio floor Jack is getting mic’ed up.
text: He can’t see Bridget who is up in the gallery.
text: The Make Up person, Cathy, approaches. Brush, powder etc at
dialog: the ready.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: I’m thinking some simple magenta
dialog: eyeshadow to really make you pop
text: and a hint of rouge...
text: Jack smiles. The surrounding crew laugh as Cathy subtly looks
text: up to Bridget in the gallery who gives her a nod.
speaker_heading: CATHY (CONT'D)
dialog: Ooh, you’ve got a little grey patch
dialog: here, shall I...
text: Before he has a chance to reply she whips out a pair of
text: scissors and snips off a lock of hair. She secretly puts it
text: in a plastic zip-loc bag.
speaker_heading: CATHY (CONT'D)
dialog: And this silver fox’s nails could
dialog: do with a little bit of a trim too.
dialog: Ooh, these hands have not seen a
dialog: days manual labour. They’re silky
dialog: soft.
text: Bridget gives a thumbs up. Jack looks perplexed.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Wow, real attention to detail. I
dialog: could get used to this.
text: Cathy laughs.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Now tell me, Jack, do you by any
dialog: chance like Chinese food?
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 53
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
scene_heading: INT. GALLERY. NIGHT. 86
text: A nervous Bridget talks into Miranda’s earpiece.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: OK, coming out of the VT in 5,4,
dialog: and remember - gear shift.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO FLOOR. NIGHT. 87
text: Miranda puts on a concerned face as the Floor Manager counts
dialog: her down.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: And we have a number for a helpline
dialog: on our website.
dialog: (Perking up)
dialog: But now though, I’m joined by Jack
text: Quant. Raised by a single mother in
dialog: Baltimore, he won a scholarship to
dialog: Harvard at 17, created the website
dialog: that made him a billionaire and
dialog: he’s here today to tell us all
dialog: about his number one bestseller,
dialog: QWANTUM LEAP. It’s absolutely
dialog: wonderful to have you on the sofa.
text: Miranda is in full flirt mode.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It’s great to be here.
scene_heading: INT.GALLERY. NIGHT. 88
text: Bridget talks into her earpiece.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Can you please try not to shag him
text: on air.
text: Alice comes over and leans in.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: This is dynamite, tell her to flirt
dialog: more.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO FLOOR. NIGHT. 89
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: Now we're going to be talking about
dialog: your new book of course, but first
dialog: let’s talk about romance. We found
dialog: this picture of you from your
dialog: college days.
text: Up pops a Maths faculty photo showing seven of the geekiest
text: looking boys imaginable - all glasses, braces and
dialog: awkwardness.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 54
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Wow - you’ve done your research.
dialog: I’m the good-looking one at the
dialog: front right!
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: You’ve changed a lot since then and
dialog: Qwantify has brought true love to
dialog: millions...Has it worked for you?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (easy charm)
dialog: If I answer that, can we move on
dialog: and talk about my book?
text: Miranda nods.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Ok then, some people had Farrah
text: Fawcett as their first crush, but
dialog: my first love was an algorithm.
scene_heading: 90 INT. GALLERY. NIGHT. 90
text: Alice’s face goes black.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: And we've lost them... if he
dialog: carries on talking about
dialog: ‘algorithms’ I’m cutting to that VT
text: of cats who look like Hitler.
text: Bridget steels herself, speaks into the earpiece.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: He’s avoiding the question. Get him
dialog: off maths. Ask him if he’s with
dialog: anyone now...
scene_heading: 91 INT. HARD NEWS, STUDIO FLOOR. NIGHT. 91
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: So, for someone so good at
dialog: matchmaking is there someone
dialog: special in your life?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Ha! Apart from Downton’s Lady Mary?
dialog: I thought we were moving on now...
scene_heading: 92 INT. GALLERY. NIGHT. 92
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Cue Hitler Cats!
text: A picture comes on the monitor of a cat that looks exactly
text: like Hitler - all ready to roll.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 55
dialog: 93
speaker_heading: 93A
speaker_heading: 93B
speaker_heading: 93C
text: Bridget now has the bit between her teeth...
speaker_heading: BRIDGET MIRANDA
dialog: Don’t be evasive, it’s Don't be evasive, it’s
dialog: apparent you have everything, apparent you have everything,
dialog: but why have you chosen to but why have you chosen to
dialog: have no family, no children? have no family, no children?
speaker_heading: RICHARD FINCH
text: Brilliant, zoom in on 4.
speaker_heading: . ALICE
dialog: Love it!
speaker_heading: OMITTED 93
speaker_heading: OMITTED 93A
scene_heading: INT. HARD NEWS. STUDIO FLOOR. NIGHT. 93B
text: Jack is a little bit rattled.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Look, I love kids, but I always
dialog: found the idea of being a father
dialog: myself kind of petrifying. That’s
dialog: why I’m drawn to algorithms.
dialog: They're rational, predictable.
dialog: Everything a child isn’t.
text: Cut to Bridget - her face drops.
text: Miranda flinches as she hears the next question come down the
text: earpiece. She steels herself and becomes all Paxmanesque.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET MIRANDA
dialog: So, can you have children? So can you have children? Are
dialog: Are the soldiers working? the soldiers working?
text: Jack looks shocked and the crew look confused.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Well... I believe so, the barracks
dialog: are in pretty regular use.
scene_heading: INT. GALLERY. SAME TIME. 93C
speaker_heading: BRIDGET MIRANDA
dialog: Really, because for somebody Really, because for somebody
text: with a supposed algorithm for with a supposed algorithm for
dialog: love, isn’t it odd that love, isn’t it odd that
dialog: you’ve never found it? you've never found it?
speaker_heading: SHOOTING
speaker_heading: 93D
speaker_heading: 93E
speaker_heading: 93F
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: SCRIPT. 56
scene_heading: INT. HARD NEWS STUDIOS. NIGHT. 93D
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well I suppose in order to find
dialog: something you have to actively look
dialog: for it, and I guess I work so hard
dialog: these days, I haven’t got time.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 93E
speaker_heading: OMITTED 93F
scene_heading: INT. GALLERY. NIGHT. 94
speaker_heading: BRIDGET MIRANDA
dialog: How much do you know about How much do you know about
dialog: the Quant family bloodline? the Quant family bloodline?
dialog: Any skeletons in the closet? Any skeletons in the closet?
dialog: Sexual deviants...Criminal Sexual deviants...Criminal
dialog: records...Serial killers...? records...Serial killers...?
text: Alice now looks confused, as does everybody in the gallery at
dialog: this random non-sequitur.
scene_heading: INT. HARD NEWS. STUDIO FLOOR. NIGHT. 95
text: Jack now looks totally perplexed.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I’m sorry, I’m not sure where we
dialog: are going with all of this, but in
dialog: all honesty, I have to be wary. I
dialog: can attract the wrong type of
dialog: women .
text: He looks around and recognizes Bridget in the gallery.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: You wouldn’t believe some of the
dialog: weirdos who cross my path.
text: Seeing him see her, she takes evasive action and ducks behind
text: her desk. Unfortunately, her headphone lead doesn’t extend
text: far enough and she ends up jolting her head back and having
text: to lean at forty-five degrees to the floor.
scene_heading: INT. GALLERY. NIGHT. 96
text: Bridget, still at forty-five degrees to the floor, everyone
text: in the gallery staring at her like a lunatic.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 57
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (Floundering)
dialog: Fuck! Ask him something about
dialog: algorithms.
scene_heading: 97 INT. RECEPTION. HARD NEWS. NIGHT. 97
text: A furtive Bridget tries to sneak out of the building when she
dialog: finds...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well how about seeing you here.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Oh, hi! Great to see you, I’m
dialog: sorry, I wanted to come and find
dialog: you, say hello, but you know what
dialog: live TV is like, so chaotic...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You know, there are easier ways to
dialog: get in touch with me than inviting
dialog: me on national TV to ask me about
dialog: my sperm.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: What? No... I...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Because I would have liked to have
dialog: heard from you. I was disappointed
dialog: when I came back that morning and
dialog: you'd gone.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: You were?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We had an amazing night. I thought
dialog: you were great, at least I did,
dialog: before I became a clip on ‘The
dialog: fifty most embarrassing chat show
dialog: moments of all time’.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I’m sorry... I don’t know how to
dialog: explain it...
dialog: (deep breath)
dialog: ...The thing is...I’m pregnant.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Wow! Congratulations, that’s so
dialog: much better than you being mental.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Around twelve weeks.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Oh... Wait... You mean... The
dialog: Festival?
text: SHOOTING SCRIPT.
dialog: 98
dialog: 58
text: Bridget nods. Jack looks dumbstruck.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Yes, it’s quite a surprise. But
dialog: I’m fine. I just want you to know
dialog: I’m not looking for anything from
dialog: you...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (laughing nervously)
dialog: Except for a complete DNA check and
dialog: review of my medical records.
text: Bridget embarrassed. Awkward.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I’m sorry about - in there. I
dialog: suppose I wanted to find out more
dialog: about you, in case you,..., in case
dialog: we...Look, the thing is, I didn’t
dialog: really mean for you to find out
dialog: about this.
text: Bridget points to her tummy.
dialog: She goes.
dialog: emotions.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: And of course, obviously, you’1l
dialog: want your lawyers or whoever you
dialog: have checking for the ‘weirdos who
dialog: cross your path’, make sure I’m not
dialog: one of those...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Right, I didn’t have you down as
dialog: one of those. Forgive me, I'ma
dialog: little in shock, this wasn’t what I
dialog: was expecting.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: And I’m feeling very foolish right
dialog: now, so if it’s ok with you, I will
dialog: just retreat gracefully. Thank you.
dialog: Good-bye.
text: Leaving JACK feeling a great wash of mixed
text: Jack sees Miranda scuttling past.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hold it, Katie Couric! I need to
dialog: talk to you.
scene_heading: INT. ANTE-NATAL CLINIC. DAY. 3 MONTHS. 98
text: JACK'S hair and fingernails are in the zip-loc bag on a
dialog: medical trolley.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: So, the baby’s okay?
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 59
speaker_heading: DR.RAWLINGS
text: Sound as a bell.
text: A great, beatific smile breaks out on Bridget’s face. Pure
dialog: joy...
text: The baby’s image comes up on the screen, Dr. Rawlings melts
text: into the background as Bridget becomes mesmerized by what's
text: on the monitor.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Oh my god, is that it?
text: Bridget starts to laugh and then to cry.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: Is it alright?
speaker_heading: DR. RAWLINGS
dialog: Perfect. You’re approximately 12
dialog: weeks along. Listen.
text: Dr Rawlings turns up the sound and there it is - the
text: heartbeat. Bridget looks smitten.
text: Dr. Rawlings goes out to organise the amniocentesis needle.
speaker_heading: DR. RAWLINGS (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m glad you've decided on the
dialog: amniocentesis.
text: Bridget doesn’t hear this. She is staring at the image.
text: Suddenly a tiny hand is raised, this little bean of life.
text: Bridget smiles, tears pricking her eyes. Tiny feet are just
text: visible.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Hello you. Wow. Is that your foot
dialog: or your ear? You have big feet.
dialog: Ooh, look at you waving already.
dialog: Hi! You’re obviously very advanced.
dialog: Quite the genius. This is it, this
dialog: is - you're the best thing I've
dialog: ever seen. This wasn’t quite how I
dialog: planned to bring you into the world
dialog: but I’1ll certainly try my best. So
dialog: you just keep snug and safe in
dialog: there while I try and sort the mess
dialog: out here and hopefully...
text: A pause.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: What the FUCK is that?
text: Dr. Rawlings has come back in and is bearing down on her with
text: the amnio needle. It’s ENORMOUS.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 60
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: DR. RAWLINGS
dialog: The amniocentesis needle. We pop it
dialog: in and get a tiny bit of fluid
dialog: which we can use to check for any
dialog: abnormalities and, of course, for
dialog: the DNA sample you need.
text: Bridget’s eyes widen.
speaker_heading: DR. RAWLINGS (CONT’D)
dialog: Now there is a very slight risk of
dialog: miscarriage so you’ll have to keep
dialog: extremely still to make sure the
text: needle doesn’t come into contact
dialog: with the -
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: - oh, no, no. That’s INSANE!
text: She gets up, clutching her midriff and backing away.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: What kind of a maniac would stick a
dialog: needle in a baby? Put it away, you
dialog: monster, put it away - Come on
dialog: little one. I’m taking you home.
text: She exits the cubicle, leaving the bewildered Dr. Rawlings
text: holding the needle.
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. SITTING ROOM. DAY. 99
text: Bridget comes into the flat, she flops on the sofa and
text: unwraps a baby outfit.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I know they say it’s bad luck to
dialog: buy things for a baby before it’s
dialog: born, but I beg to differ. I think
dialog: it’s good planning. After all, who
dialog: doesn’t want to plan the outfit for
dialog: their big entrance? And you are
dialog: going to make such an entrance!
text: Bridget gets a piece of paper and a pen. She starts to draw.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: You know what, we’re going to be
dialog: fine. I’m sure of it. In Africa
dialog: they say it takes a whole village
dialog: to raise a child - Look, I’11 show
dialog: you our village... Look, there’s
dialog: you and me.
text: She draws a big smiley face in the middle of the paper with a
text: body and another, much smaller smiley face inside it. She
text: draws ‘spokes’ out from the faces.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s Miranda, Tom and Shaz, in
dialog: reality they all have hands, but
dialog: hands are very tricky to draw.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 61
text: She draws a cartoon of the friends, they all have stumpy
text: hands. She draws a cartoon of Jude at the end of the second
text: spoke. She’s surrounded with lots of babies.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s Jude and she’s got four
dialog: babies already and you’re all going
dialog: to be great friends!
text: She draws two more smiley faces at the end of the third.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s Mum and Dad. They’1l1 spoil
dialog: you rotten, once I actually tell
dialog: them you exist.
text: Then, at the end of the fourth spoke, she draws Jack.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s Jack, who we probably need
dialog: to - get to know a little bit
dialog: better before we decide about him,
dialog: but according to Google he does
dialog: have his own helicopter.
text: She adds a helicopter.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: I know that looks like a cat, but
text: it is in fact a helicopter.
text: And finally, at the end of the fifth spoke, she draws Mark.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: - and there’s Mark who will find
dialog: this a bit messy and modern, but
dialog: we'll cross that bridge when we
dialog: come to it.
text: She looks at her drawing - it seems to comfort her, the
text: smiley faces surrounded by lots of other little smiley
text: figures. She pats her tummy.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: What?
text: There is a small pause. Bridget listens.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s that? I ought to tell Mark
dialog: too? That’s very mature of you. No,
dialog: you're right. Absolutely. I
dialog: absolutely must. I’ve been avoiding
dialog: it. You’re right. Would you like a
dialog: Aero or crisps? ... What’s that?
dialog: Both, you say?
scene_heading: 100 INT. THE SUPREME COURT. DAY 100
text: Bridget walks into the imposing lobby, looking apprehensive.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 62
dialog: 101
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
dialog: Mark, I have some exciting news.
dialog: Mark, I have the funniest story to
dialog: tell you. Mark, I’m up the duff.
text: She takes a deep breath and heads towards the courtrooms.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN COURTROOM. DAY. 101
text: Bridget enters the public gallery. She can see Mark Darcy, in
text: wig and gown, getting to his feet. Nine supreme court judges
text: are seated, smart in their suits. Mark is dashing,
text: authoritative and incredibly impressive.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: My Lords, there is only one fraud
dialog: that has been committed here and it
dialog: is this. To use the laws of one
dialog: country to try to destroy the
dialog: freedom of speech of another. A
dialog: Trojan Horse to take away the right
dialog: of these brave young women to speak
dialog: the truth about the reality of
dialog: their beloved country.
text: In the dock are four ‘Poonani’ singers, wearing anti
text: government T-shirts.
speaker_heading: MARK (CONT'D)
dialog: You may not like their music and
dialog: for that I cannot blame you. They
dialog: may not have mastered the
dialog: fundamentals of melody, or even the
dialog: most basic tenets of musicianship,
dialog: However, this is the land of
dialog: Shakespeare, Orwell, Lawrence. A
dialog: land built on the defence of free
dialog: speech. This is your opportunity,
dialog: my Lords, to send a very clear
dialog: message back to any country, any
dialog: ruler, any despot, that here in the
dialog: United Kingdom we will always
dialog: defend and protect women such as
dialog: P... BP... Women such as these, who
dialog: have courageously and selflessly
dialog: chosen to risk their liberty and
dialog: quite possibly their lives to tell
dialog: the truth. Accordingly we
dialog: respectfully ask that the request
dialog: for extradition be denied and
text: quashed forthwith.
text: He is masterful, compelling. He takes his seat. The court
text: erupts.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Darcy. The Court
dialog: will now adjourn and judgement will
dialog: be given in due course.
text: The Judge rises and everyone gets ready to leave. Poonani
text: explode in the dock.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 63
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: POONANI MEMBER
dialog: Poonani! Power to the Poonani!
text: In unison they form their hands into a triangle and point
text: them towards their crotches. Mark turns to his assistant,
speaker_heading: PIERCE.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Oh Christ, I’m looking forward to
dialog: going back to some good, old-
dialog: fashioned genocide.
text: As Mark collects his things to leave, he spots Bridget in the
dialog: public gallery.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY. NEAR TEMPLE. DAY. 102
text: Mark walks Bridget towards his office.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I wasn't expecting to see you
dialog: again, after the ‘events’ at the
dialog: Christening.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: No, right... I understand. You were
dialog: very impressive in there today.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Thank you, although dealing with
dialog: them for the last month has made me
dialog: feel a certain amount of sympathy
dialog: for the totalitarian dictator who
dialog: wants to silence them. There’s only
dialog: so many times I can listen to the
text: resolutely un-catchy ‘Menstruation,
dialog: Castration, Liberation’.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Makes you pine for a bit of Ed
dialog: Sheeran.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Who?
scene_heading: INT. MARK’S OFFICE. DAY. 103
text: Mark shows Bridget into his immaculate office
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: So....?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: So....Mark....
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Yes...
dialog: Long pause.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 64
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
text: The gardens look lovely. Autumnal.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Is that a conker tree?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Err... Yes.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: And what about that one...?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Bridget?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (blurting)
dialog: I’m pregnant.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Right... Congratulations.
text: Bridget nods.
speaker_heading: MARK (CONT'D)
dialog: And how can I help?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I’m three months pregnant.
text: Absorbing that this is something to do with HIM.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Oh! The Christening? You mean....
text: Bridget nods, she looks anxious as it sinks in.
speaker_heading: MARK (CONT'D)
dialog: Well. This is... Right. If you’ll
dialog: excuse me for just one moment.
text: He leaves the room. She stands there, not knowing how this
dialog: will play out.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR. MARK’S OFFICE. DAY. 104
text: Mark heads out into the deserted corridor where he tries to
dialog: compose himself.
scene_heading: INT. MARK’S OFFICE. DAY. 105
text: He returns and looks at her, breathes, braces himself.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 65
dialog: 106
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: So. I think... this is possibly the
dialog: single, most wonderful piece of
dialog: information I have ever been given
dialog: in my entire life.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Is it? OK. Obviously I have no
dialog: expectations of how all this will
dialog: turn out. But I just thought you
dialog: should know.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Of course. And I mean, how do you
dialog: feel? are you... happy?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Yes, I think so, but my being
dialog: pregnant doesn’t mean the last ten
dialog: years haven’t happened. So much has
dialog: changed, you’ve been married,
dialog: I’ve... been on a number of long
dialog: haul holidays... Sri Lanka was a
dialog: real highlight. A baby isn’t some
dialog: sort of panacea.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I know that, but, right now, I just
dialog: can’t feel gloomy about it.
text: On Bridget’s face.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O)
dialog: GAAAAAAH! How can I tell him now?
scene_heading: INT. JUDE’S KITCHEN. DAY. 106
text: Bridget visiting Jude. The place is mayhem. JUDE, still ina
text: dressing gown with a huge cold-sore, is holding the new baby.
text: GILES is in a business suit, on the phone and trying to leave
text: for work. He is cleaning sick off himself and feeding the
text: toddler. Everyone is thick with colds. A Polish builder
text: wanders through, on the phone having a loud argument in
text: Polish. Through the kitchen window, another child is bouncing
text: on the trampoline in the garden.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Thing is, they are both so happy
dialog: that it just feels cruel to tell
dialog: them the truth about the other and
dialog: frankly, I’m terrified.
text: Giles makes his way out of the room.
speaker_heading: GILES
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: Sorry Margaret, I am covered in
dialog: porridge. What time is my flight?
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 66
speaker_heading: JUDE
dialog: That’s the least of your
dialog: problems....POPPY! NO!... You’ve no
dialog: idea.
text: She just turns and shouts maniacally at Poppy mid sentence
text: without missing a beat. Bridget looks horrified.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: What do you mean?
text: Jude waits for Giles to leave the room. The Polish builder
text: shouts again.
speaker_heading: JUDE
dialog: I know I’ve gone on and on about
dialog: how wonderful motherhood is in
dialog: public, Bridge, but I’ve been
dialog: lying.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: What? Why?
speaker_heading: JUDE
dialog: Because everyone does. No-one tells
dialog: the truth. Babies are GHASTLY. They
dialog: ruin your life. Ruin it... PUT IT
dialog: DOWN!...
text: (she shouts at an unseen child)...
dialog: You're always ill, you can’t go
dialog: out, you're covered in a constant
text: layer of sick, wee, old food and
dialog: poo, there’s no time to wash, and
dialog: anyway there’s no point because you
dialog: don’t see anybody and you will
dialog: never have sex again - Giles tried
dialog: the other night and apart from the
dialog: fact that when he pulled off the
dialog: duvet I looked like I still had it
dialog: on, I couldn’t feel anything - not
dialog: a thing because it’s a wind-tunnel
dialog: down there, he said it was like the
dialog: Hadron fucking Collider and as for
dialog: my nipples -
text: Jude whips out a boob. We only see Bridget’s horrified
text: reaction. Jude spoons the boob back in.
speaker_heading: JUDE (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t do it, Bridge, or have it,
dialog: sell it, and buy a nice new car...
dialog: one of those lovely new Minis. Get
dialog: out, escape while you can.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Thanks Jude. You’ve been - a great
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: JUDE
dialog: No, thank you. That was good to get
dialog: off my chest.
text: SHOOTING SCRIPT.
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
text: She gets up to leave and as she turns the corner she sees
dialog: 67
text: MILO, her nine year old boy, throwing darts at Poppy. Bridget
text: looks horrified, and gives both of them a Haribo.
speaker_heading: JUDE (CONT'D)
dialog: Let them get on with it, natural
dialog: selection.
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. LATER.
text: The door slams behind a panicked Bridget.
dialog: 107
text: She passes her drawing pinned to the fridge door. She takes a
text: pen and crosses out Jude’s little cartoon figure.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O)
dialog: Best avoided...
scene_heading: EXT. PARK BENCH. DAY
text: Dad and Bridget sit on a bench eating a sandwich.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Your Mum is going to be over the
dialog: moon.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: You promise not to tell her? I
dialog: can’t handle that right now.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I promise. It’s probably for the
dialog: best in any event. She’s pretty
dialog: wrapped up about whether to hold a
dialog: referendum over making the A418 a
text: dual carriageway. She thinks it
dialog: will bring in a flood of
dialog: undesirables from Kettering.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Dad, I’m sorry. Not to know about
dialog: the father.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Don’t be daft, love. I know dozens
dialog: of people who could have been
dialog: anybody's.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: So you're not - disappointed? You
dialog: don’t think I belong on Jeremy
dialog: Kyle?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Not a bit of it. I’m thrilled.
text: He hugs her.
dialog: 108
text: SHOOTING SCRIPT.
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: Actually, still not sure if you’re
dialog: mine or that nice Lieutenant
dialog: Colonel’s who ran the bowling club.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Dad!
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Only joking, you’ve got my feet.
dialog: I’ve always had very dainty feet.
dialog: Just tell the truth, Bridget. You
dialog: can never go too far wrong telling
dialog: the truth.
scene_heading: 109 INT. GIANNI'S CAFE. NIGHT. 109
text: Bridget and Mark staring at each other. GIANNI and his
text: brother, SERGIO, smile from the bar area, uncomfortably close
text: to their table.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O)
dialog: So there I was. In the split of an
dialog: eco-condom I had gone from carefree-
dialog: girl-slash-slightly-too-old-single-
dialog: woman-about-town to Mum-to-be with
dialog: two rather fantastic men in my
dialog: life, and with no clue about how I
dialog: was going to tell them the truth.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: You sounded pre-occupied on the
dialog: phone, not your usual self. Is
dialog: everything OK...
text: Before Bridget can answer an enthusiastic Gianni comes to the
text: table and interrupts.
speaker_heading: GIANNI
dialog: Mister Mark. Miss Bridget. I so
dialog: glad to see you back together.
dialog: Mister Mark she was so miserable
dialog: when you two parted.
text: Bridget trying to brush him off.
speaker_heading: GIANNI (CONT’D)
dialog: I mean sooooco miserable. She eat
dialog: so much pasta.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET.
dialog: Yes. Yes. Thanks Gianni.
speaker_heading: GIANNI
dialog: And Pizza, and Chianti, but look
dialog: Miss Bridget now is so good you are
dialog: fat in a good way, fat with a
dialog: bambino, not with gnocchi and
dialog: Tiramisu and calamari. Now you are
dialog: eating for two.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 69
dialog: 110
speaker_heading: 110A
text: Bridget smiles.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET.
dialog: Ah, can’t let young Balthazar go
dialog: hungry, or Bartholomew.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Very, Notting Hill school gates. I
dialog: was actually thinking Jack, after
dialog: my grandfather. Jack’s a good
dialog: strong name, you can rely ona
dialog: Jack.
text: Bridget blanches.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET.
dialog: Yes, it’s one for the list
dialog: certainly.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Our little Jack.
text: Gianni raises a glass.
speaker_heading: GIANNI
dialog: Here’s to Jack! Is wonderful news
dialog: Mr. Mark, wonderful.
text: Mark smiles proudly. Takes her hand.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: It is, Gianni. It truly is.
text: Bridget smiles, conflicted.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 110
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. NIGHT. 110A
text: Bridget is sitting preparing her presentation on her Laptop.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
dialog: Hard to concentrate on impending
dialog: big presentation when all I can
dialog: think of is how to tell at least
dialog: one father the truth. Mark was
dialog: trickier than expected, he just
dialog: seemed so happy...
text: The buzzer goes. A voice comes slightly distorted through the
text: intercom, Bridget gets up to answer.
speaker_heading: JACK (0.S.)
dialog: Hi surprise! It’s the father of
dialog: your child...
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Jack?
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 70
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Ha! Who else?
text: He is buzzed up. Bridget opens the door. Jack enters,
text: excited, carrying two huge bags and the Wellington boot she
text: left at the festival.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: You kept it?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Should we make sure it fits?
text: Bridget smiles.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I wasn’t expecting to see you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I wasn't expecting to come. I’m not
dialog: used to being rejected...twice. But
dialog: I’ve been doing some thinking.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I hope you have cake in that bag.
text: An excited Jack composes himself.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Bridget, this baby situation threw
dialog: me initially. We squashed an entire
dialog: relationship into one night and
dialog: skipped straight to the starting a
dialog: family phase. We never even had a
dialog: real second date, but just so you
dialog: know I would have taken you to
dialog: Ottolenghi’s, an amazing place in
dialog: Notting Hill. You would have had
dialog: the grilled salmon and pine nut
dialog: salsa. It’s unbelievable AND
dialog: healthy.
text: He produces takeaway boxes from inside his bag.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: We would have come back here, had
dialog: incredible sex and spent the next
dialog: couple of days sending each other
dialog: filthy texts.
text: He gets out his phone and presses send. Bridget’s phone
text: beeps, she picks it up and reads it - clearly a filthy text.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I would not have let you do that to
dialog: me on a second date!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Why not? You let me do it on our
dialog: first...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 71
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: We would then have gone on a dirty
dialog: weekend away to the seaside, I
dialog: would have been manly and won you a
text: cuddly toy on the pier.
text: He produces a cuddly toy.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: But I really wanted the giant
dialog: Scooby Doo.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Nobody ever wins those, the
text: coconuts are glued on.
text: Bridget’s phone beeps again - another filthy text.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (Flirtatiously)
dialog: OK... as long as you clean up
dialog: afterwards.
text: Unprovoked Jack starts shouting.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You are wilfully misunderstanding
dialog: me, I don’t even know her!
text: He storms out and slams the door. Bridget looks confused.
text: After a beat he returns with some amazing flowers that he has
text: hidden in the hallway.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: What are these for?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: To say ‘sorry’. We had our first
dialog: fight, I wasn’t flirting with that
dialog: waitress, she means nothing to me.
text: Bridget smiles. He goes out to the hallway again and produces
text: a flat pack Ikea cabinet.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: And I’ve brought us some Swedish
dialog: furniture to make, because if we
dialog: can get through that, we can get
dialog: through anything.
text: Bridget is being swept off her feet.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: I'd find it adorable how your neck
dialog: goes blotchy when you’re nervous,
dialog: and I'd know you’d be the greatest
dialog: possible mother to my child. Why
dialog: does your neck go all blotchy by
dialog: the way?
text: Jack takes her in his arms, it feels incredibly safe and
dialog: reassuring.
text: SHOOTING SCRIPT.
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
dialog: I could have told him then, of
dialog: course, but suddenly the
dialog: possibility of a life of
dialog: spontaneous takeaway and flat pack
dialog: furniture seemed sort of
dialog: inviting...Bit of a pity to ruin it
dialog: and we wouldn’t want my neck going
dialog: all blotchy again... I’m going to
dialog: tell them both tomorrow.
text: Definitely. Without a shadow of a
dialog: doubt.
scene_heading: 111 INT. ANTE-NATAL CLINIC. DAY. 4 MONTHS. 111
text: Bridget is lying in a darkened room on the examination bed,
text: her belly exposed as Dr. Rawlings rubs on the conductive gel.
speaker_heading: DR RAWLINGS
dialog: So this is Dad, I presume. Pleased
dialog: to meet you, I’m glad you could be
dialog: here, this is a unique and
dialog: wonderful moment.
text: Mark smiles proudly.
speaker_heading: DR RAWLINGS (CONT’D)
dialog: Back from your many business trips
dialog: then?
text: Darcy looks confused. Bridget panicky.
speaker_heading: DR. RAWLINGS
dialog: Before we start, would you like to
dialog: know the sex?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I don’t know, I can’t decide.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Maybe we should be prepare...
text: Then ‘Thump. Thump’. The sound of a heartbeat fills the room.
text: Mark is transfixed by the image on the screen. It’s a moment.
text: The tiny miracle of life stretching and squirming.
speaker_heading: DR RAWLINGS
dialog: So would you like to know, Bridget?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Yes please.
speaker_heading: DR RAWLINGS
dialog: It’s a boy.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
text: A boy.
speaker_heading: MARK
text: A boy.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 73
dialog: 112
text: Bridget and Mark stare at the grainy image lovingly.
speaker_heading: MARK (CONT'D)
dialog: Our boy.
text: Bridget is overcome with happiness and then instantaneously
text: riven with guilt.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Mark, I wonder whether you might
dialog: give us a second.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Oh right... Of course.
text: Mark exits.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Dr Rawlings, I wonder whether you
dialog: could do me a little favour?
scene_heading: INT. ANTE-NATAL CLINIC. NEXT DAY. 112
text: Bridget is lying in a darkened room on the examination bed,
text: her belly exposed as Dr. Rawlings rubs on the conductive gel.
speaker_heading: DR. RAWLINGS
dialog: So this is Dad. Pleased to meet
dialog: you, I’m glad you could be here,
dialog: this is a unique and wonderful
dialog: moment.
text: REVEAL - Jack smiles proudly.
speaker_heading: DR. RAWLINGS (CONT’D)
dialog: So, would you like to know the sex?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (Bad acting)
dialog: Oooh, I’m not sure, such a big
dialog: decision. Should we? Shouldn’t we?
text: Dr. Rawlings does an eye roll.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I’m not sure we should...
text: Bridget swiftly interrupts, saying brightly.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Actually yes, let’s find out.
text: Dr Rawlings goes through the motions as Jack remains
text: awestruck by the process, transfixed by the monitor.
speaker_heading: DR. RAWLINGS
dialog: It’s a boy.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: A boy. My boy.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 74
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
text: He’s overwhelmed with happiness.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
text: Both men deliriously happy, despite
dialog: my best intentions, I had no idea
dialog: how I could tell them the truth...
scene_heading: INT. HARD NEWS OFFICE. DAY. 113
text: Bridget enters the office and walks towards her desk.
text: ANGLE ON: 2 bunches of flowers.
dialog: One card reads, “Thinking of you, best of luck with the
dialog: presentation. Mark x”.
text: The other, next to a much bigger bunch, reads, “To My
dialog: Incredible Bridget, thinking of you both, good luck tomorrow,
scene_heading: knock ‘em dead, Jack, xxxxxxxxxXXXXXXXXXXX”
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
text: Two bunches of flowers, one big
dialog: dilemma. I would tell them once I
dialog: had my presentation out of the way,
dialog: I would definitely tell them then.
dialog: Definitely. Hundred percent.
text: Alice walks over to Bridget’s desk.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Ah, lovely, pregnant Bridget, how
dialog: are you feeling...
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Well, thank you it’s very exciting,
dialog: I...
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (Totally cutting her off)
dialog: Ahhh, that sounds amazing. How’s
dialog: the presentation looking for
dialog: tomorrow?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Excellent, ship shape. I've
dialog: actually been getting help from
dialog: someone rather brilliant, he’s...
text: Alice, clearly not listening, marches off.
scene_heading: INT. SMALLER CONFERENCE HALL. DAY. 5 MONTHS. 114
text: A crowd waiting for the presentation to start. A banner with
text: the words: Exposure - Crowd-Sourcing the News. Amongst them,
text: a concerned looking Alice and an amused looking Finch.
text: A nervous Bridget stands, hands-free microphone on.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 75
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: From Tokyo to Teddington, Hollywood
text: to Cricklewood, in a digital age
dialog: where every cellphone is a camera,
dialog: we are all broadcasters.
text: Bridget waves her hands in the air, as we've previously seen
text: Jack do, and suddenly the checkerboard of screens behind her
text: light up. The images animate with young people on the streets
dialog: of South London, Africa and India.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: Ready to interview, interrogate and
dialog: investigate the global and local
dialog: news stories that affect us 24
dialog: hours a day.
text: Alice is impressed. The room is impressed. At the back of the
text: room, Jack watches, willing her on.
text: And now she’s waving her hands again and the cornucopia of
text: images are swapping.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: From Designer Jeans...
text: Images of celebrities in jeans all selling their product.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: ...to Designer Genes.
text: Images of IVF twins all talking at once.
text: In the back of the audience, Bridget sees Jack, he gives her
text: a re-assuring smile, gesturing for her to slow down.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: We are partnering with London Media
dialog: Show to rebrand Hard News for the
dialog: digital generation, so that YOU,
dialog: our viewers, will be able to use
dialog: your smart phones to become your
dialog: own news broadcasting channels. You
dialog: simply download the new Hard News
dialog: App and broadcast directly to our
text: studio, where Miranda is waiting
dialog: for this evening’s live simulcast.
text: Behind Bridget, we see Miranda, live in the studio, waiting
dialog: to go on air.
text: We see the Hard News countdown clock on the screens and then
dialog: the Hard News Opening Titles....
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: Go into the app, hold up your
dialog: phones and say “Good Evening
dialog: Miranda”.
text: Bridget holds up her phone and says “Good Evening Miranda”.
text: The audience hold up their phones, chorusing : “Good Evening
dialog: Miranda”.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 76
text: ON SCREENS BEHIND BRIDGET: We see Miranda, live on air at the
text: Hard News Studios, surrounded by an abundance of screens and
text: faces, including Bridget’s, chanting “Good Evening Miranda”
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: “Good Evening everyone live at the
dialog: London Media Show.
text: Miranda continues to introduce the show on air, while Bridget
text: turns back to the conference centre audience.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: As of now, we’re live and our
text: audience is broadcasting. Starting
text: close to home, 16 year old Daryl
text: Baines is live at Wembley Arena
dialog: where he’s about to tell us what he
dialog: thought of the Jessie J concert.
text: She presses a button. Behind Bridget, A TEENAGER’S BARE
text: BOTTOM APPEARS ON A HUNDRED SCREENS.
text: LIVE ON NATIONAL TV, the bare bottom appears behind Miranda's
text: desk. Bridget dives for the exit button.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: Hard News sucks balls!
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Jesus! Well there’s always one
dialog: isn’t there.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: (laughing, covering)
dialog: OK...Let’s go to the Grampians
text: where Adam Wollaston is leading a
dialog: group of Venture Rangers to the top
dialog: of Ben Nevis.
text: CUT TO - A group of Venture Rangers all showing their bare
text: arses to camera.
speaker_heading: VENTURE RANGERS
dialog: Hard News sucks balls.
speaker_heading: ADAM WOLLASTON
dialog: Who’s the pregnant granny?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Ha! Well there’s always two.
dialog: Some technical glitches there, our
dialog: apologies. Let’s go to Anthony
text: Mathis, a company director who has
dialog: been attending the GBI conference
dialog: in Brighton.
text: CUT TO - A suited middle aged man, ANTHONY MATHIS, addresses
text: a phone camera being held by a friend.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: It has been a monumental day here
dialog: at the conference...
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 77
text: Suddenly, without warning, he spins round, takes down his
text: trousers and reveals his bare ass to camera.
speaker_heading: ANTHONY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hard News sucks balls!
text: While Miranda covers for the screw up, a flustered Bridget
text: soldiers on, trying to ignore a fuming Alice Peabody.
text: A new face appears on the screen behind her. She looks up at
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: And if you think I’m falling for
dialog: that, you can think again, sir.
dialog: Nobody has any desire to see your
dialog: bottom.
text: A caption appears on the screen.
scene_heading: DAVID CARTWRIGHT - CEO - London Media Show
text: We see his face register fury, before a reeling Bridget gets
text: rid of him, hurriedly switching screens.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: Of course emailing or tweeting the
dialog: show could not be easier, simply
dialog: type in hardnews.co.uk...
text: At once Jack reaches for his cellphone.
text: A tweet pops up JACKQ1971- “Excellent new site, Hard News as
text: ever at the cutting edge”. Bridget looks to Jack who gives
text: her an elaborate and morale boosting thumbs up.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: Ah, there we go, a bit more
dialog: representative.
text: Another tweet pops up, MARKDARCE ‘Can't wait to interact with
text: the number one news show on TV’.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: ..or search ‘Hard News’ or simply
dialog: A.
text: Bridget types ‘H’ into the browser, but gets distracted when
text: she sees MARK DARCY, THERE at the back of the audience. Oh
dialog: shit...she wobbles....
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: Because at Hard News we
dialog: believe...We believe...Hard News
text: is...ready and on the front line.
text: Bridget collects herself, but she’s left the H on the screen
text: and all her previous searches starting with ‘H’ displayed on
text: the massive screen behind her.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 78
dialog: 115
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: Asking the questions that the world
dialog: wants answers to.
scene_heading: ON THE SCREEN:
text: HOW CAN I MAKE MY THIGHS LOOK THINNER?
text: HARRY STYLES NAKED.
dialog: HOW CAN I MAKE MY BOSS LIKE ME?
dialog: HOW CAN I GET MY BOSS FIRED?
text: HOW CAN I FIND OUT WHO IS THE FATHER OF MY CHILD?
text: The crowd are mesmerized by the searches. Bridget blissfully
text: unaware. She then looks behind, sees the searches. Is
text: horrified.
scene_heading: INT. SAME. FIVE MINUTES LATER. 115
text: Mark makes his way over to her. Her happiness at seeing him
text: is significantly tempered by the fact that she can see Jack
text: approaching behind.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I hope it’s okay me turning up,
dialog: surprising you. I mean, well done.
dialog: It was very...technically adroit?
text: As he says this Bridget sees Jack approaching and panics.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
speaker_heading: GAAAAAH!
text: She grabs the nearest person to her.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Mark Darcy I’d really love you to
dialog: meet....
text: She squints at this stranger's name badge...
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: Ariyaratna Sithamparanathan,
dialog: Ariyaratna is Area manager for DTC
dialog: technological solutions aren’t you
dialog: Ariyaratna?
text: Both men look perplexed as Bridget rushes to cut off Jack.
text: She is intercepted by Alice Peabody......
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: What the hell was that? What were
dialog: you thinking? I have 4 voicemails
dialog: from David Cartwright on my phone
dialog: that I dare not listen to.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 79
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Well they say there’s only one
dialog: thing worse than being talked
dialog: about...
text: Bridget is trying to extricate herself, but Alice is
text: steadfastly blocking her way.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Is it that presentation?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Alice, I’m so sorry.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Sorry doesn’t cut it, I seriously
dialog: have to question whether there is a
dialog: place for you at Hard News...
text: To her horror, she now sees Ariyaratna intercepting his hero,
text: Jack Quant and introducing him to Mark Darcy.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: So sorry I really have to...
text: And she leaves a furious Alice hanging, mid sentence.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Bridget! This is Jack Quant. He’s
dialog: really rather brilliant. I read
dialog: this tremendous profile of him in
dialog: the New Yorker-
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Right, yes. We actually know each
dialog: other.
text: Jack puts his arm round Bridget.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: We sure do!
text: Mark slightly balks, looking confused. Ariyaratna
text: Sithamparanathan is still there.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Why didn’t you introduce me to this
dialog: guy earlier? He’s great, you know
dialog: he’s representing that punk protest
dialog: band who are being extradicted?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Yes. Yes I knew that too.
speaker_heading: ARIYARATNA
dialog: Hi, we met fleetingly before, I’m
dialog: in charge of the data management
dialog: for most of Daventry.
text: A shell shocked Bridget ignores Ariyaratna.
text: SHOOTING SCRIPT.
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Well, I have to say it’s fantastic
dialog: that you are getting on so well...
dialog: because you actually have a lot in
dialog: common. I feel we should go and
dialog: discuss somewhere a bit quieter...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Fantastic.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Why not? I booked GIANNI'S.
speaker_heading: ARIYARATNA
dialog: Great idea.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I think you might have to sit this
dialog: one out, Ariyaratna.
scene_heading: 116 INT. GIANNI'S RESTAURANT. NIGHT 116
text: Mark, Jack and a shell-shocked, silent Bridget are sitting at
text: a table. Mark and Jack are getting on like a house on fire.
text: GIANNI, laying the table, is enjoying the conversation too.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: «+.SO you really believe that
dialog: mathematics can help us - how did
dialog: you put it in your book - ‘analyze
dialog: human behavior previously invisible
dialog: to science.’
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well, it’s a theory.
speaker_heading: GIANNI
dialog: (Butting in)
dialog: Is incredible idea.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Really? In my experience emotions
dialog: have a lot to do with it.
text: A pause. Bridget looks uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: My dating algorithm is to help
dialog: people find love, not necessarily
dialog: replace it. Have you ever tried it
dialog: out?
text: Bridget laughs nervously.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re single right?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Well-
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 81
text: Mark looks to Bridget - she smiles, even more uncomfortable.
text: GIANNI, frankly, confused.
speaker_heading: MARK (CONT'D)
dialog: I suppose in a way...Yes...So, how
dialog: do you two know each other?
text: Bridget takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Well... it’s sort of a funny story,
dialog: sort of. You see, the thing is, a
dialog: few months ago on June 4th I met
text: Jack at a music festival.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (Interrupting)
dialog: We got on very well and sort of
dialog: had... relations.
text: GIANNI backs off, pretends not to be listening.
speaker_heading: GIANNI
dialog: Dio Mio!
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Oh...Right..I see...that’s...
text: All of a sudden it’s a bit awkward.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: - and then the following week, that
dialog: is to say... on the 11th June at
dialog: Jude's baby christening to be
dialog: precise, and following the
dialog: consumption of quite a lot of
dialog: alcohol, Mark and I..um..well..we
dialog: had similar ‘relations’.
dialog: It’s now very awkward.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: And this is the ‘funny’ part, I
dialog: suppose, and why in many ways it’s
dialog: good that we all met and are
dialog: getting on so well. The thing is
dialog: that owing to these ‘relations’ the
dialog: resulting - um - life-form
dialog: currently residing in my - um -
dialog: tummy - could in fact be either of
dialog: yours. I know I should have told
dialog: you both before, but I just
dialog: didn't...you both seemed so happy.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Correct me if I’m wrong but did you
dialog: just say that the baby could be
dialog: either of ours?
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 82
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
text: Bridget nods.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: So you have no idea which of us is
dialog: actually the father?
text: GIANNI, wishing he was invisible.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I know this is all very confusing.
dialog: I’ve made a mess of it and I’m
dialog: sorry, but one thing I’m certain
dialog: of, is, however we choose to do
dialog: this, the most important thing now
dialog: is this.
text: She points to her bump.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: OK?
text: A long pause.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Bridget, I’m not going to pretend
dialog: this isn’t a shock, but I just want
dialog: you to know whatever the
dialog: circumstances, you’re right, the
dialog: most important thing is the baby,
dialog: and I’m here to support you both.
dialog: Who knows this could be a great
dialog: adventure?
text: He puts his arm around her.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: (Less convincingly)
dialog: I’m sorry, you'll have to excuse
dialog: me, I have a meeting.
text: He gets up and leaves.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. VILLAGE HALL. GRAFTON UNDERWOOD. DAY.
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
text: Bridget tentatively inches her way into the back of the hall
text: where Mum’s campaign launch is in full swing.
text: All of Grafton Underwood is present and the room is bedecked
text: with campaign slogans. There is a photographer in the
text: background. Mum sees Bridget and rushes over to greet her.
speaker_heading: MUM
dialog: I say we bring back National
dialog: Service.
text: SHOOTING SCRIPT.
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I don’t disagree in principle Pam,
dialog: it’s just I’m not sure Grafton
dialog: Underwood Parish Council has the
dialog: power to conscript.
speaker_heading: MUM
dialog: Don’t be sarcastic Colin. Add it to
dialog: the minutes.
text: Dad rushes off to talk to speak to an official. Mum sees
text: Bridget at the back and rushes over to greet her.
speaker_heading: MUM (CONT'D)
dialog: ... Honestly, we started half an
dialog: hour ago where have you...
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: What’s the emergency?
speaker_heading: MUM
text: The Argus wants a family portrait.
dialog: What are you wearing?
text: Then she notices Bridget’s bump and stops dead.
speaker_heading: MUM (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh my god, Bridget, are you...
text: Bridget nods, half nervous, half excited. Mum’s face lights
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: MUM (CONT'D)
dialog: Why didn’t you say anything?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I was worried you might be angry...
speaker_heading: MUM
dialog: Why would I be?...(the penny drops)
dialog: Oh no Bridget. Who’s the father? Is
dialog: it Mark's Bridget, do say it is?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Well, yes in a manner of speaking,
dialog: sort of. What I mean is, there is
dialog: at least a fifty per cent chance.
speaker_heading: MUM
dialog: A fifty percent chance?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Mark and Jack Quant, he’s an
dialog: American.
speaker_heading: MUM
dialog: Oh no Bridget...An American? Did
dialog: you have a three way?
text: Mum’s face drops. She sees the photographer heading over and
text: her face fills with fear. She sees the coat rack, grabs a few
text: coats and thrusts them at Bridget.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 84
speaker_heading: MUM (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh no. Here, carry these, act as if
dialog: everything’s fine.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: What? Everything is fine.
text: As they walk the photographer spots her and wants a picture.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Mrs. Jones can we...
text: Before Bridget can answer, Mum barks.
speaker_heading: MUM
dialog: Here, this is a lovely place for
dialog: you to stand.
text: She places Bridget behind a counter where her bump is hidden.
text: Mum frantically starts to arrange sandwiches and cakes in
text: front of the bump to obscure it.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: What are you doing? Are you ashamed
dialog: of me? Are you hiding your first
text: born grandchild behind a pile of
dialog: mini quiches?
text: Somebody comes over to take a mini quiche - Mum slaps their
dialog: hand away.
speaker_heading: MUM
dialog: Look, darling it’s just the
dialog: circumstances, I’m running for high
dialog: office and I’m presenting myself as
dialog: a paragon of family values, see?
text: She points to a poster that reads ‘PAMELA JONES, IF YOU LOVE
scene_heading: FAMILY AND YOU LOVE VALUE VOTE PAMELA JONES FOR FAMILY
speaker_heading: VALUES’.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Wait.... Still reading... It’s so
dialog: long...
dialog: (she finishes reading)
dialog: «+. Look, you might not be proud of
dialog: the circumstances, but at least you
dialog: can be proud of me. This isn’t the
dialog: 1950's. It’s not all nuclear
dialog: families and 2.4 Children any more.
dialog: Look around you; Mavis Enderbury’s
dialog: daughter is raising 2 kids on her
dialog: own, Una’s son’s a single father,
dialog: two lesbians have adopted at Number
dialog: 32. If you don’t change the way you
dialog: look at the world you’re not only
dialog: going to lose your daughter, you’re
dialog: going to lose your precious
dialog: election as well.
text: She storms off, pauses, turns back, grabs a handful of mini
text: quiches and storms off again. As she marches out she passes
text: Una who spots her bump.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 85
dialog: 119
speaker_heading: 119A
speaker_heading: UNA
dialog: Bridget, so lovely to see you...
dialog: are you...?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (Defiant)
dialog: Pregnant? Yes. Yes I am.
speaker_heading: UNA
dialog: How wonderful! We thought you’d
dialog: just got all fat again.
scene_heading: EXT. COMMUNITY CENTRE. DAY. 119
text: Lots of pregnant women with loving partners go in and out of
text: the entrance. Bridget waits alone and consults her watch
dialog: nervously.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O)
dialog: Am suddenly freak in weird social
dialog: experiment. But why couldn’t this
dialog: work? We were all mature,
dialog: sophisticated adults who wanted the
dialog: best for the baby. People might
dialog: look back and see this as the dawn
text: of a new vanguard of parenting.
dialog: Perhaps I was a visionary, ahead of
dialog: my time.
text: Jack swoops in on his Vintage Triumph motorbike and dashingly
text: removes his helmet. Bridget looks relieved to see him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Our first ante-natal class.
dialog: Exciting stuff, huh?
scene_heading: TIME CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COMMUNITY CENTRE. MOMENTS LATER 119A
text: Bridget and Jack are about to go in when Bridget sees Mark
text: running up the street towards her and she can’t help but let
dialog: out a big smile, he decided to come!
text: Mark hands her a small paper bag.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I brought you a nice tea.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Thank you. I’m glad you came.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Me too, awesome to see you buddy.
text: He grabs the tea.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 86
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s a heck of a lot of caffeine
dialog: hidden in that tea.
text: Jack takes out a smoothie from his bag and swaps it out for
text: the tea. Bridget looks slightly horrified by Jack’s hideous
text: looking concoction.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Thank you... both. Shall we go in.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Here, let me carry that for you.
text: He takes Bridget’s big handbag from her, she’s genuinely
text: appreciative of the gesture. Mark looks put out.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Right, do you want me to carry your
dialog: phone for you?
text: She is also carrying a tiny mobile phone. She hands it to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: INT. HALL. COMMUNITY CENTRE. LATER. 120
text: All the couples sit together in a semi-circle around DAISY, a
text: very pretty young woman, who listens with earth-shattering
dialog: brightness to one particularly lovely couple who are
text: addressing the group. Bridget, Mark and Jack are the oldest
text: people in the class, and obviously stand out as the only trio
text: in the room. Bridget looks anxious and self conscious as the
text: couples all introduce themselves.
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: And who do we have here then?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I’m Bridget. This is Mark and this
dialog: is Jack.
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: (reading her list)
dialog: Oh lovely! You’re our second same
dialog: sex couple tonight.
text: Everyone claps. A lesbian couple look over and wave.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: No, actually....
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (looks at Mark
dialog: mischieviously)
dialog: Absolutely, and we just need the
dialog: gift of a baby to make us complete.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 87
dialog: 121
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: (Looking at Bridget)
dialog: And you must be ...the surrogate?
text: Bridget plays along, looking at Mark and Jack.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Exactly, just trying to make this
dialog: wonderful couple’s dream come true.
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: Well the plan is to take you
dialog: through some of the basic things to
dialog: expect during the birth. To start
dialog: off, perhaps someone can tell me
dialog: what signs to look out for that
dialog: might indicate labour is starting?
text: Jack's hand shoots up. Daisy points to Jack who leaps in.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Early labour will be characterized
dialog: by mild to moderate contractions,
dialog: up to thirty to forty-five minutes
dialog: apart, and often, but not always, a
text: rupture of the amniotic membrane.
text: Jack looks pleased with himself. Daisy looks surprised. Mark
text: speaks quietly.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Right yes, absolutely. Of course. I
dialog: mean, isn’t this something one
dialog: would normally leave to the
dialog: midwife?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Mark gets nervous about all of
dialog: this, it’s very new to you isn’t
dialog: it, lamb chop?
dialog: Mark could not look more uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
dialog: Like all visionaries I would
text: encounter bumps along the road, but
dialog: still had faith in my grand plan.
scene_heading: INT. SWIMMING POOL. NIGHT. 121
text: Jack with a row of dads watching the new mums-to-be including
text: Bridget in the water, mid aqua-ante-natal class. Jack is
text: referring to a pregnancy book. Suddenly Mark joins them, late
text: and hassled, still in his court clothes.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (book in hand)
dialog: How would you like to give birth to
dialog: your placenta?
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 88
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Quickly?
text: Water sloshes over Bridget.
text: Suddenly she begins to choke, then sink.
text: At once, Jack strips off his clothes, revealing a rippling
text: six pack, and leaps in to save her.
text: On Mark, catching his reflection in the window. He looks old,
text: tired and grey.
scene_heading: INT. MARK’S OFFICE. CHAMBERS. NIGHT 122
text: Mark sits in his office, late at night, reading studiously
text: with a glass of wine and takeaway on his desk. His assistant
text: Pierce pops his head in.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: You should leave, I’m just going
dialog: over some of the details on the Al
dialog: Bashir case.
speaker_heading: PIERCE
dialog: Absolutely. I think knowledge of
dialog: ‘problems of breech delivery’ may
dialog: be crucial in proving the Sudanese
dialog: are using aid money to fund the
dialog: SPLM insurgents.
text: REVEAL: Mark is not looking at his briefs but instead is
dialog: studying ‘The Expectant Dad’s Handbook’ and has other
text: Pregnancy/baby books strewn on his desk. He has been busted.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: When you had Charlie did it all
dialog: come naturally? Did you know you
dialog: were going to be a good Dad?
text: Mark, troubled.
speaker_heading: PIERCE
dialog: All the books in the world won't
dialog: prepare you for what’s about to
dialog: happen, but for what it’s worth, I
dialog: think you’1l make an amazing
dialog: father.
text: Pierce leaves.
scene_heading: INT. COMMUNITY CENTRE. DAY. 123
text: Back at the ante-natal class, all the same people, new week.
text: Today the partners are standing behind their wives as Daisy
dialog: demonstrates massage techniques. Every woman has one man
text: behind her apart from Bridget, who has Mark and Jack, vying
dialog: for pole position.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 89
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: And of course massage can have many
dialog: benefits throughout pregnancy, can
dialog: we name some of them?
text: Jack's hand shoots up.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It can lower stress and promotes
dialog: feel-good hormones.
text: Mark shoots his hand up.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: And to be safe, it should also be
dialog: avoided in instances of high-risk
dialog: pregnancy for example where there
dialog: is a geriatric mother.
text: Bridget looks slightly put out. Everybody laughs, Mark looks
dialog: embarrassed.
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: Right, excellent, someone’s been
dialog: reading up. Let’s put some theory
dialog: into practice.
text: A super enthusiastic Jack grabs Bridget, manoeuvres her into
text: position and takes control.
speaker_heading: DAISY (CONT'D)
dialog: Take an unclenched fist and begin
dialog: at the nape of your partner’s neck.
text: Jack sets about this and Bridget can’t help but swoon with
dialog: pleasure, he’s great at it.
text: Mark stands awkwardly, pathetically, by the side - the only
text: person in the place not either massaging or being massaged.
text: Daisy spots him.
speaker_heading: DAISY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, erm... do you want a go...?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: It’s Mark, I think I’11l probably
text: leave it to Jack, he seems to have
dialog: it covered.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (Mischievously)
dialog: You're so sweet, that’s why I love
dialog: you, pumpkin.
text: A huge, lumbering, tattooed Neanderthal man looks over to
text: them and turns to his wife.
speaker_heading: SHOOTING
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
speaker_heading: 126A
speaker_heading: 126AA
speaker_heading: 126AB
speaker_heading: SCRIPT. 90
speaker_heading: NEANDERTHAL GUY
dialog: Lovely couple, it’s great that they
dialog: get to enjoy the miracle of
dialog: childbirth.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 124
speaker_heading: OMITTED 125
speaker_heading: OMITTED 126
scene_heading: INT. MARK’S BEDROOM. DAY. 126A
text: Mark is on his computer, he appears to be deep in work,
dialog: but...
text: REVEAL: His computer screen shows the QWANTIFY website, he
text: has put his details in and there are pictures of him and
text: Bridget and a Graphic that reads ‘COMPATABILITY 3%’.
text: A page comes up of suggested matches - photos of slightly
text: stern masculine women who look just like Mark.
scene_heading: INT. HARD NEWS OFFICES. DAY 126AA
text: Bridget is working intently at her desk. She gets a pain and
text: reaches for her stomach. She looks around for help, all the
text: hipsters are busy working away at their stations wearing
text: oversized headphones, oblivious to her.
scene_heading: INT. COURT. DAY. 126AB
text: Mark is addressing the court.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: My lady, may I please make an
dialog: application for leave to appeal in
dialog: the case of H.M. Government and
dialog: Saddiq Al Bashir. As your Ladyship
dialog: is no doubt aware, Mr Al Bashir
dialog: lost his case in the court of
dialog: appeal and he now seeks this courts
dialog: leave to appeal on a point of law
dialog: of public importance, namely, the
dialog: question of whether permission for
dialog: the electronic intercepts of his
dialog: phone was lawfully granted by the
dialog: Foreign Secretary. As it stands,
dialog: the law on intercept warrants lacks
dialog: clarity and on our proposed appeal
dialog: we shall be inviting your
dialog: Ladyship’s court to give greater
dialog: definition to the Home Secretary's
dialog: powers and duties.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 91
speaker_heading: 126B
speaker_heading: 126BA
text: C/U: Mark's mobile phone vibrates silently by his papers, out
dialog: of his sight.
text: There are six missed calls from Bridget and a group text to
dialog: Mark and Jack.
scene_heading: “ON MY WAY TO HOSPITAL. STOMACH PAINS. WORRIED”
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM. DAY 126B
text: Bridget sits on an examination couch in a blue robe. Jack
text: sits next to her.
speaker_heading: DR RAWLINGS
dialog: Gherkins, anchovies, banana juice,
dialog: Pringles? Its the combination
dialog: that’s done it. Any baby would
dialog: need a nap after that.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: So essentially...
speaker_heading: DR RAWLINGS
dialog: Wind.
text: DR. RAWLINGS leaves. Jack smiles reassuringly, putting his
text: arms round her.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL WAITING ROOM. DAY. 126BA
text: Dr. Rawlings enters the waiting room and sees Mark Darcy at
text: reception. Mark approaches Dr. Rawlings.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: How’s Bridget? Is everything
dialog: alright?
text: Dr. Rawlings subtly moves to block the window and then makes
text: Mark face the other way round so that he can’t see Jack.
speaker_heading: DR RAWLINGS
dialog: She’s fine. She’s currently in
dialog: there with Dr... Pringle...
text: As she says this, through the window, they see Jack and
text: Bridget laughing.
speaker_heading: DR RAWLINGS (CONT’D)
dialog: He has a very unique bedside
dialog: Manner, its new technique we're
text: trialling out of Oslo.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: It’s fine, I know about Jack, but
dialog: thank you, Doctor.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 92
speaker_heading: DR RAWLINGS
dialog: Oh, for heaven's sake, why didn’t
dialog: you tell me before. She’s fine,
dialog: he’s done very well and calmed her
dialog: down completely.
text: Mark pauses a moment, looking through the window.
scene_heading: 126C INT. HOSPITAL ROOM. DAY 126C
text: Bridget and Jack are mid conversation as Mark enters the
text: room. Her face lights up.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I’m sorry. I just got your
dialog: messages. I was in court.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: That's alright. Can’t be helped.
dialog: Freedom of speech needs to be
dialog: defended.
text: Mark’s phone rings.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: You should take it. It might be
dialog: work.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: It's totally fine. I have it
dialog: covered.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Yes. I can see that.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: C’mon buddy, you need to take a
dialog: chill pill. We’ve got to do this
text: together. In Peru, the UM BAT DO
dialog: consider paternity a task to be
dialog: shared among many tribesman.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Well, unfortunately we UM BAT DON’T
dialog: live in Peru, I live in Ealing.
text: Bridget looks from Mark to Jack.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Stop it. We’re not in the 18th
dialog: century and this isn’t pistols at
dialog: dawn to prove who’s the better man.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Look, the vibes are bad for the
dialog: baby. Let’s go talk it out.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 93
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Yes, that would be better. Thank
dialog: you. Won’t be a minute...
text: Jack follows Mark out into the waiting room.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Why are you so angry....
speaker_heading: 126D OMITTED 126D
scene_heading: 126E INT. HOSPITAL MAIN RECEPTION. DAY. 126E
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Hey buddy why are you so angry?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: You know what? I’m really not your
dialog: buddy, I don’t know about vibes or
dialog: negative energy or prenatal wind
dialog: and even less about algorithms and
dialog: automated reasoning, so I’1l admit
dialog: that I struggle to understand the
dialog: laws of attraction especially when
dialog: I apply them to myself. Bridget
dialog: just defies comprehension
dialog: generally. But despite, or perhaps
text: owing to, the bewildering litany of
dialog: catastrophes I’ve witnessed over
dialog: the last forty years, I feel I know
dialog: her rather well and have spent
dialog: every one of those years caring for
dialog: her very deeply. In doing so I may
dialog: be going expressly against my own
dialog: better judgment but there’s nothing
dialog: I can do about it.
speaker_heading: (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Do about it? You could try being
dialog: around a little instead of saving
dialog: the world by cell phone. I make her
dialog: feel happy, Mark.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: And I suppose your algorithm tells
dialog: you that you and Bridget are
dialog: destined to be together, does it?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Actually it does, and the fact that
dialog: you have been trying and failing to
dialog: make it work with each other for
dialog: the last ten years should tell you
dialog: that maybe you are not.
text: This hits Mark hard. Jack relents.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 94
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t want to fight with you
dialog: Mark. We need to think about
dialog: Bridget and the baby, and for
dialog: better or worse, fate has brought
dialog: us together.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: It wasn’t fate. It was condoms.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: You know those disastrous dolphin
text: friendly things from the bottom of
text: Bridget’s bag.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sorry, I’m not sure I know what
dialog: you’re talking about. When Bridget
dialog: and I...How do I put this..? I did
dialog: not dress for the occasion...
text: A silence while this revelation sinks in.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Why don’t we calm down and grab a
dialog: beer?
scene_heading: 126F INT. HOSPITAL MAIN RECEPTION. STAIRCASE. DAY 126F
text: Bridget comes down the stairs. She sees Mark and Jack still
dialog: arguing.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
dialog: This is going to be so much harder
dialog: than I thought. If they can’t get
dialog: along now, before the baby’s even
dialog: here, how are they going to deal
dialog: with the really big things, like
dialog: who gets up for the night feed, or
dialog: whether he can have an iPad for his
dialog: first birthday, or which granny to
dialog: spend Christmas with? So much for
dialog: the social experiment.
scene_heading: 127 INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. DAY. 127
text: Bridget returns home to find a letter from Mark. She reads...
speaker_heading: MARK (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Bridget, I’m sorry about
dialog: today. I think you were right when
dialog: you said the fantasy of us was
dialog: always better than the reality.
dialog: What you want me to be and what I
dialog: am just don’t add up.
speaker_heading: SHOOTING
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
speaker_heading: SCRIPT.
speaker_heading: LETTER MONTAGE
scene_heading: INT. MARK’S OFFICE. DAY.
text: Mark writing the letter.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I do realise how difficult I make
dialog: it for you to love me and it was
dialog: never my intention to leave you so
dialog: alone. Because in truth there must
dialog: be something that I’ve never been
dialog: able to give you. Why else did you
dialog: go back to....
scene_heading: EXT. TATE BRITAIN. DAY - FLASHBACK
dialog: 95
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
text: Bridget stands alone on the pavement, clutching her award.
text: At the sound of a car, she looks up and smiles with delight,
text: as if seeing someone she knows.
speaker_heading: MARK (V.O.)
dialog: Daniel Cleaver.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Mark Darcy, hurrying across the pavement. He stops on seeing
text: Daniel Cleaver’s convertible driving off with
text: in the passenger seat.
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. DAY.
text: Bridget still reading at her flat. Tears roll
speaker_heading: MARK (V.O.)
dialog: It’s alright Bridget.
scene_heading: INT. PREGNANCY YOGA CLASS. NIGHT.
text: Bridget struggling in a pregnancy yoga class.
text: surrounded by young, nubile pregnant women.
speaker_heading: MARK (V.O.)
dialog: I’ve always made myself believe
dialog: that our history should lead us to
dialog: be together.
scene_heading: INT. MARK’S BEDROOM. DAY.
text: CLOSE-UP on Mark closing up a suitcase.
speaker_heading: MARK (V.O.CONT’D)
dialog: But maybe deep down, despite
dialog: everything we’ve shared, we’re not
dialog: compatible.
dialog: Bridget clearly
dialog: 130
text: down her face.
dialog: 131
dialog: She's
dialog: 132
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 96
speaker_heading: 132A
dialog: 133
speaker_heading: 133A
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
scene_heading: EXT. GREENWICH PARK. DAY 132A
text: Jack and Bridget walk hand in hand. Bridget looks
text: distracted.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 133
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. NIGHT. 133A
text: Bridget and Jack are together on the sofa watching
dialog: television.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 134
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT. DAY. 135
text: Mark, distracted, at the boarding gate for KHARTOUM. He makes
text: his way towards the plane.
speaker_heading: MARK (V.O.)
dialog: And now information has come to
dialog: light that has led me to believe
dialog: that my further involvement in this
dialog: situation is impossible. Be assured
dialog: of my concern for your well-being
dialog: and some sense of my responsibility
dialog: in the situation...
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. DAY. 136
text: Bridget back reading the letter. She looks at an enclosed
text: cheque, indignant.
speaker_heading: MARK(V.O.)
dialog: A financial contribution would seem
dialog: to me appropriate. Should you have
dialog: any practical needs, you need only
dialog: alert my office. I wish you every
dialog: happiness for the future. Mark.
text: The cheque falls to the floor.
text: She walks up to the African chart, zones in on Darcy’s name,
text: with tears rolling down her cheeks. She strokes her bump.
speaker_heading: END MONTAGE
scene_heading: INT. COMMUNITY CENTRE. NIGHT. 137
text: Ante-natal class. Just Bridget and Jack - Mark is conspicuous
text: by his absence.
speaker_heading: DAISY
dialog: OK, take your partners and let’s
dialog: practice breathing... No Mark
dialog: today?
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 97
dialog: 138
text: Bridget shakes her head sadly. The Neanderthal guy turns to
text: his partner and mutters.
speaker_heading: NEANDERTHAL GUY
dialog: Ahhh, shame. They seemed so
dialog: happy... I was really rooting for
dialog: them.
scene_heading: EXT. GREENWICH PARK. DAY. 138
text: Shazzer sits with Bridget on a bench. In the background Jack
text: is holding Shazzer’s children’s attention with his animated
text: retelling of a fairy-tale.
speaker_heading: SHAZZER
dialog: How do you orchestrate such cliff-
dialog: hangers in your life?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Well thanks for that. I hadn’t
dialog: thought of it like that.
speaker_heading: SHAZZER
dialog: I can’t believe Mark ducked out
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Well the last time wasn’t really
dialog: his fault.
speaker_heading: SHAZZER
dialog: (looking at Jack)
dialog: I suppose we better just hope it’s
dialog: Jack's, right?... let’s face it,
dialog: things could be worse, he is pretty
dialog: fucking amazing.
text: Jack holds out an apple, overacting as a Wicked Queen. The
text: children and Tom are enthralled. Shazzer’s nose slightly
text: turns up.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: He definitely seems to be, I don’t
dialog: really know anything about him.
speaker_heading: SHAZZER
dialog: How much do you need to know? He’s
dialog: gorgeous, he’s richer than god and
text: has a very nice sized puppet.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: He does, and we match up very well
dialog: on paper. In some countries they
dialog: just make you marry a boy in the
dialog: next village because his Dad has a
dialog: nice horse, and those marriages
dialog: seem to work.
speaker_heading: SHAZZER
dialog: Exactly... And he’s certainly
dialog: enthusiastic.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 98
text: Shazzer says this like it’s a negative.
text: Jack is now juggling the apples, the children are rapt.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (Pensive)
dialog: Right. I suppose he is.
speaker_heading: SHAZZER
dialog: I mean, it’s difficult, but you
dialog: just have to ask ‘can I see myself
dialog: growing old with him’? Sending the
text: kids off to school, teaching them
dialog: how to swim, how to drive their
dialog: first yacht?
text: Bridget laughs.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: How do I know? I don’t know
dialog: anything about him, he may wear
text: socks with sandals when he goes on
dialog: holiday. What happens then?
speaker_heading: SHAZZER
dialog: For that? Divorce. But you have to
dialog: have faith. Nobody knows what life
dialog: has in store. You know, look at me
dialog: and Fergus. When we met he had a
dialog: record deal and exciting plans, I
dialog: had the great career in journalism.
dialog: Now me and the kids are off next
dialog: week accompanying him on a tour of
dialog: pub back rooms in the Shetland
dialog: Islands, living in a fucking camper
dialog: van. I’m just saying when it comes
dialog: down to it, when you are stuck
text: holding the baby and it’s pissing
dialog: with rain, is that the man you want
dialog: to be in a camper van with?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I suppose he is a billionaire, so
dialog: it will be a fucking nice camper
dialog: van.
text: Jack rushes over and takes a cupcake out of Bridget’s hand
text: and replaces it with the apple.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Watch that blood pressure Bridge.
dialog: Let’s go with nature’s candy. Right
dialog: little fella?
text: He talks into Bridget’s belly. Shazzer slightly raises her
text: eyebrows. She turns to Bridget.
speaker_heading: SHAZZER
dialog: I’m sorry I’m not going to be here,
dialog: Bridge.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 99
dialog: 139
speaker_heading: 139A
dialog: 140
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. KITCHEN. DAY. 139
text: Bridget crosses Shazzer off the African family chart.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. DAY. 139A
text: A pensive Bridget, looking a bit breezier is walking along a
text: street, shopping for the baby.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
dialog: Shazzer was right, I had landed on
dialog: my feet, with an amazing man who
dialog: was happy to be with me. He ticked
dialog: every box. The only thing that was
dialog: going to get in the way of this was
dialog: me...
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. SPARE ROOM. DAY. 140
text: Jack's been decorating Bridget’s spare room for the nursery -—
text: a half-finished, black and white pattern on one wall.
text: Bridget, shopping bags in hand, enters the room to find Jack
dialog: painting.
text: She stops for a while, silently watching him.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Oh, hey! For the first few months
text: they can only see black and white.
dialog: This will stimulate his spatial
dialog: awareness.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Right. It’s actually making me feel
dialog: a bit sick.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: So much better than the floating
dialog: pizzas.
text: REVEAL - Bridget has been painting on the other wall.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: They were teddy bears. But thank
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well my Mom put Captain Caveman
dialog: wallpaper on my wall when I was a
dialog: baby. You can imagine how much that
dialog: traumatized me.
text: He starts to do the voice... He stops, no recognition. There
text: is a moment of silence.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I bought him one of those bouncy
dialog: chairs, I’m not even sure where
dialog: we're going to put it.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 100
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah, about that. It’s kind of
dialog: cramped in here, don’t you think?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Cosy.
text: Jack pauses, readies himself for something big.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I was thinking, maybe it might be
dialog: nice if we moved in together?
text: This hits Bridget hard.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Do you think we’re ready for that?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Of course. I’m tired of living in
text: hotel rooms, and airport lounges.
dialog: We could be a family, you, me, him.
dialog: What do you say?
text: There is a long beat - Bridget trying to makes sense of
dialog: things.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: What if it isn’t yours?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: What if the baby turns out to be
dialog: Mark's? What will you do then?
text: He pauses a moment too long.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I mean, obviously that would change
dialog: things...
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I see.
text: There is a very long beat.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And is that what you want? For it
dialog: to be Mark's?
text: This time Bridget pauses a moment too long.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I don’t know what I want.
text: Jack takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Are you in love with him?
text: SHOOTING SCRIPT.
dialog: 101
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I have been.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: And me?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I don’t know...I could be, one day.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Bridget, I’ve not been entirely
dialog: honest.
text: Bridget looks at him.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Mark thinks the baby isn’t his. I
dialog: let him believe it was
dialog: mine...that’s why he disappeared.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Why would he think that?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Because I let him. You blind-sided
dialog: me Bridget, with the chance to have
dialog: a family. I didn’t want to lose
dialog: you. We can be good for each other.
dialog: Ninety seven per cent, remember.
text: She drops her bags.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Yes, on paper, and we might even be
text: having a baby together, but falling
dialog: in love doesn’t happen on paper.
dialog: Sometimes it doesn’t make any sense
dialog: at all. Sometimes you love a person
dialog: for all the ways they are not like
dialog: you. Sometimes you just love a
dialog: person because they feel like home.
text: She looks at him, in shock and confusion. She picks up her
dialog: phone.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: I need to find Mark.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Pierce? It’s Bridget. I’m trying to
dialog: get hold of Mark.
text: She listens, then looks hopeful.
scene_heading: 141 EXT. BOROUGH MARKET. DAY. 141
text: A heavily pregnant Bridget ‘runs’ through the market.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 102
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
speaker_heading: 144A
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHWARK BRIDGE. DAY. 142
text: Bridget crosses Southwark Bridge.
scene_heading: EXT. MARK'S HOUSE. DAY. 143
text: Bridget, breathless, turns the corner to see a taxi pull up.
text: Mark gets out with his suitcases.
text: Bridget, about to call out, when she sees his front door open
text: and Camilla waiting to greet him. She watches as they hug.
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON STREETS. DAY. 144
text: CHASING PAVEMENTS by Adele plays.
text: Bridget marches back towards her house, still reeling from
text: what she’s seen. She steps off the curb, not looking when a
text: car screeches to a halt. BEEEEEEEEEEP. Bridget steps back and
text: looks down to her bump. It’s a wake up moment.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
dialog: And that was the moment I decided
dialog: to stop. Stop trying...
dialog: «+..to force everything to be like
dialog: everyone thought it should be. Like
dialog: I thought it should be.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 144A
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. LATER. 145
text: Bridget comes in exhausted. She slumps down on a chair.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
dialog: It was backs to the wall, me and my
dialog: sweet little lovely baby, and I was
dialog: bloody well going to make it work.
text: Bridget walks over to the African Village drawing, and
text: crosses out Jack, then Darcy.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Fucking Africans. What do they
dialog: know?
scene_heading: EXT. STREET. EVENING. 7 MONTHS. 146
text: It’s Christmas. Bridget, now 7 months pregnant, sadly drags a
text: Christmas tree on her own to her apartment.
scene_heading: EXT. MUM AND DAD'S HOUSE. DAY 147
text: A bedraggled and miserable Bridget arrives in front of the
dialog: house.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 103
dialog: 148
text: Taking the place of Christmas decorations is a ‘Pamela Jones
dialog: for Councillor’ campaign banner, that Dad is in the process
text: of hanging. He spots Bridget.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Ah, you’re here. Are you OK?
text: He gives her a huge hug - just what she needed.
scene_heading: INT. MUM AND DAD’S HOUSE. DAY 148
text: She enters - takes stock of the party, is clearly surprised.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Mum’s throwing a combined Christmas
dialog: party stroke political rally. It’s
dialog: like the G8 summit in there, but
text: with pigs in blankets.
text: Mum spots Bridget and rushes across eyes wide with
dialog: excitement.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I’m sorry, I didn’t realise
dialog: everybody would be here, I don’t
dialog: want to derail your campaign, I can
text: just sneak upstairs.
speaker_heading: MUM
dialog: Nonsense. Look Una had all the
text: leaflets and posters re-printed,
dialog: you've inspired me.
text: The slogans on the wall now read...
text: ‘TOLERANCE is not a four letter word, but PREJUDICE is a four
text: letter word.’
dialog: ‘Pamela Jones - Supports Single Mothers, minorities, the
dialog: majority of homosexuals, Italians.’
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
text: Wait, still reading, still so long.
speaker_heading: MUM
dialog: You were right darling as it turns
text: out, this place is teeming with
dialog: single mothers, single fathers,
dialog: bisexuals, surrogates and they are
dialog: all lovely and so normal.
text: Bridget smiles.
speaker_heading: MUM (CONT'D)
dialog: Family values aren't just about two
dialog: married parents anymore, Bridget.
dialog: I’ve even got two homosexuals on
dialog: the team.
text: Jeffrey and Graham wave.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 104
dialog: 149
speaker_heading: MUM (CONT'D)
dialog: Who knew?
speaker_heading: UNA
dialog: Everybody.
speaker_heading: MUM
dialog: I am very proud of you darling, you
dialog: know that? What you’re doing is not
dialog: easy, but if anyone can make it
dialog: work it’s you. That child is the
dialog: luckiest boy on earth to have you
dialog: as his Mum. He’ll have all the
dialog: support, protection and love of a
dialog: million fathers as long as you are
text: by his side.
text: Bridget melts. Just what she needed. Dad looks across and
text: smiles warmly at her.
speaker_heading: MUM (CONT'D)
dialog: Now come on, we’ve got some
dialog: campaigning to do.
text: Mum grabs Bridget and starts escorting her through the crowd.
speaker_heading: MUM (CONT'D)
dialog: Make way! Make Way! Pregnant single
text: mother coming through.
scene_heading: INT. ANTE NATAL ROOM. DAY. 149
text: Bridget, minus the two men, at a scan. Dr Rawlings gives her
text: an understanding smile.
speaker_heading: DR RAWLINGS
dialog: Eight weeks to go.
text: Bridget musters a half hearted smile. Dr Rawlings detects the
dialog: sadness.
speaker_heading: DR RAWLINGS (CONT’D)
dialog: You don’t need them, you know. All
dialog: they're really useful for is
dialog: fitting car seats and blaming
dialog: things on. They just get in the
dialog: way. You can do this on your own
dialog: you know. I did. Next time I see
dialog: you, we will be in the delivery
dialog: room.
text: Bridget smiles. The baby’s image appears on screen. Bridget,
text: spellbound, by the fully-formed little being.
text: She looks to her belly. The camera follows her gaze and
text: continues INSIDE as the baby moves around, growing. A life
text: forming all on its own.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 105
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. LONDON. 7 WEEKS LATER. (36 WEEKS) 150
text: Bridget, her bump now bigger, struggles to load the laundry.
text: She pours Alpen muesli into the washing machine. She starts
text: scooping out the Alpen; a phenomenal mess.
scene_heading: INT. BABY’S ROOM. NIGHT. 151
text: Bridget defiantly paints over Jack's graphic mural.
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. NIGHT. 152
text: Back in the kitchen Bridget pours milk into the washing
text: machine compartment and starts eating the Alpen.
scene_heading: INT. HARD NEWS STUDIOS. CORRIDORS. DAY. 153
text: In another West Wing scenario, a heavily pregnant Bridget is
text: now waddling down the corridor with her researchers not so
text: much in tow as walking incredibly slowly to match the
text: ponderous Bridget.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: We need to give six minutes to Lu
dialog: Tong, it’s a huge scoop.
speaker_heading: LAURA
dialog: Alice wants to pull the interview,
dialog: she has a feature on ‘Is the world
dialog: really ending on Tuesday?’
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Lu Tong is pulled over my dead
dialog: body. This is a news show... Wait a
dialog: second.
text: She has to stop her West Wing walking for a little rest - she
text: is totally out of breath.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HARD NEWS STUDIOS. RECEPTION. NIGHT. 154
text: A harried and breathless Bridget bustles in to the chaotic
text: reception area. She looks around and spots a Burmese man
text: wearing a uniform.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Sorry, it’s chaos here today, but
dialog: thank you for coming on. We’re on
dialog: live in two minutes, Miranda will
dialog: probably want to start with what’s
dialog: happening in Naypyidaw...
text: The Studio Guest tries to speak but Bridget hurries him
dialog: along.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 106
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
scene_heading: INT. GALLERY. HARD NEWS STUDIO. NIGHT. 155
text: Bridget sits in the gallery. The new-look, crowd-sourced news
text: show is in play. Up on screen appears a Poonani member at a
text: press conference on the street.
speaker_heading: POONANI MEMBER
dialog: This is a great victory for free
dialog: speech. We must thank one person
dialog: who was prepared to fight for us
dialog: when no one else would, and we say
dialog: to that person with all our
dialog: hearts...
text: ON SCREEN: The Poonani girls lifting up their t-shirts in
text: unison revealing WE LOVE YOU MARK DARCY, QC scrawled across
text: their bare breasts. The crowd roars.
text: The camera swings to Mark Darcy smiling awkwardly.
text: The screen, now bearing Mark Darcy’s image, freezes.
text: Bridget distracted. Her assistant nudges her.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (barking into microphone)
dialog: Miranda, you’re back on General Lu
dialog: Tong. Keep pressing him. This could
dialog: make the front pages, Peabody!
speaker_heading: RICHARD FINCH
text: He’s on the rack, tight on three,
dialog: get those beads of sweat.
scene_heading: INT. HARD NEWS STUDIOS. NIGHT. 156
text: Miranda is interviewing the guest.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: I’‘1l ask you again, General Lu Tong
dialog: will you take responsibility for
dialog: the human rights abuses perpetrated
dialog: by your government?
speaker_heading: GUEST
dialog: I’m sorry I can’t answer that.
scene_heading: INT. HARD NEWS STUDIOS. GALLERY. NIGHT. 157
text: Bridget is triumphant. She shouts into the earpiece.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Ha! Can’t or won’t, Lu Tong?
text: REVEAL - Alice Peabody has sneaked in behind with an angry
text: looking, very dignified and smartly dressed man.
text: SHOOTING SCRIPT.
dialog: 107
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: On balance I would suggest ‘can’t’
dialog: considering I just found General Lu
text: Tong in the lobby, and his
text: chauffeur is currently live on air
dialog: answering questions about Burmese
dialog: human rights violations. Good job!
scene_heading: 158 INT. HARD NEWS STUDIOS. BOARDROOM. NEXT DAY. 158
text: Alice sits at her desk opposite Richard and Bridget. The
text: front pages of the newspaper reads “So long Lu Tong!”.
speaker_heading: RICHARD
dialog: It’s actually illegal to fire
dialog: somebody for being pregnant.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I’m not firing her for being
dialog: pregnant. I’m firing her for gross
dialog: incompetency.
speaker_heading: RICHARD FINCH
dialog: Bridget’s the beating heart of this
dialog: show, why would you fire her?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: How about for interviewing a
text: chauffeur instead of a General,
dialog: publicly insulting the CEO of the
dialog: London Media Show, using a TV
dialog: interview to determine if a guest
dialog: might be the father of her child
dialog: and being responsible for broadcast
text: of 36 bare arses.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: It’s okay Richard. I was going to
dialog: quit anyway.
dialog: (to Alice)
dialog: Believe it or not, I was it like
dialog: you when I started here, a bit
dialog: chunkier maybe, and with less make
dialog: up. I was going to make my mark
dialog: too. But I can’t be part of your
dialog: “re-branding”. I haven’t got the
dialog: right haircut, and I don’t drink my
text: cocktails out of jam jars or put
dialog: photos of my lunch on instagram. It
dialog: might be old fashioned to want to
dialog: make something worthwhile but I'd
dialog: rather be old fashioned and
dialog: unemployed than be part of a show
dialog: that celebrates the inane.
text: Alice and her acolytes look at each other, shocked.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe when my son is old enough to
dialog: understand, integrity will be
dialog: fashionable again. Good luck and
dialog: goodbye.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 108
dialog: 159
speaker_heading: 159A
dialog: 160
text: At the door, one of Alice’s hipster assistant hands her a box
text: containing her belongings. She walks out.
scene_heading: INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. DAY. 159
text: Bridget arrives home, exhausted.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Oh, dear. What have I done?
text: She opens the fridge. Nothing.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s all very well fighting for
dialog: your principles when there’s no
text: food in the fridge.
text: Wearily, she heads back out.
scene_heading: INT. MARK’'S HOUSE. BEDROOM. DAY 159A
text: Mark is searching in a drawer and finds the old reindeer
dialog: jumper.
scene_heading: INT. MORRISON’S SUPERMARKET. EVENING. 160
text: Bridget struggling with her shopping, queues for the
dialog: checkout.
speaker_heading: SHOPPER
dialog: Is it a boy or a girl?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: It’s a boy.
speaker_heading: SHOPPER
dialog: When's it due?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Two weeks, more or less, I think!
text: Just as she gets to the checkout the cashier goes on her
text: break. Bridget’s long queue shuffles over to the next till.
speaker_heading: CASHIER
dialog: Is it a boy or a girl?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Boy.
speaker_heading: CASHIER
dialog: When's it due?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Um, two weeks, we think.
text: As the cashier rings up Bridget’s purchases, another shopper
text: comes up and stares at Bridget’s bump.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 109
speaker_heading: 160A
dialog: 161
speaker_heading: SHOPPER 2
dialog: Is it -
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Boy. Two weeks.
speaker_heading: CASHIER
dialog: (talking to the next cashier)
dialog: Did you read about the woman in
dialog: Italy who had a baby when she was
dialog: sixty-five?
dialog: (turns to Bridget)
dialog: That will be £40.67 please. Enter
dialog: your pin.
text: Bridget puts her card in machine, she goes blank.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I've forgotten it. Oh, God.
text: The other customers in the queue are getting restive.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: I’'1l pay with cash.
text: She fumbles in her purse, and manages to rustle up £29.60.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: I‘1l put something back.
text: She starts to hand back some of the items, one by one,
text: reluctantly. The unhealthy ones first. The cashier de-scans
dialog: them until the total is down to £27.60.
text: At the last minute Bridget defiantly takes back a carton of
text: Ben and Jerry's bringing the total up to £23.10. Bridget
text: marches out triumphantly passing a lady who is entering the
dialog: shop.
scene_heading: EXT. MARK’S HOUSE. DAY. 160A
text: Mark is loading suitcases into a cab. Camilla exits the
text: house. They BOTH get into the car and drive off.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH STREET BANK. DAY. 161
text: Bridget is at an ATM in one of those bank lobbies, she’s
text: still trying to remember her PIN as she attempts to get cash.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: Birthday?
text: INCORRECT PIN flashes.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: Battle of Hastings?...
dialog: First shag?.....
text: INCORRECT PIN flashes and the machine swallows the card.
speaker_heading: SHOOTING
speaker_heading: 161A
speaker_heading: 161B
dialog: 162
speaker_heading: 162A
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
speaker_heading: SCRIPT. 110
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh fuck it!
text: Bridget shuffles out.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: (to her tummy)
dialog: Oh, my darling, I’ve gone all crap
text: all of a sudden.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. HEATHROW AIRPORT. SAME TIME. DAY. 161A
text: Mark and his wife enter the airport with the suitcases. They
text: pause at the departures board.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH STREET BANK. DAY 161B
text: It starts to rain very hard. Bridget suddenly realizes, as
text: the glass doors close, that she has left all of her shopping
text: inside the bank.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Oh! Oh - come on, let’s just get
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 162
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT. SAME TIME. DAY. 162A
text: Mark is helping Camilla at the check-in desk. He turns
text: around, just in time to see:
text: Tom and Eduardo, emerging into arrivals carrying their little
text: boy. Tom strokes his head. Eduardo fusses with the buggy.
text: Mark watches this scene. He smiles. He thinks. Unbeknownst,
text: Camilla's observing him.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 163
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. DAY. 164
text: The rain is easing off. Bridget feels in her bag for her
text: keys. She becomes increasingly agitated.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Oh, no! Please no.
dialog: No keys. No phone.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, no! I’ve left them inside! Oh,
dialog: fuckity fuckity fuckity fuck fuck.
dialog: (to her tummy)
dialog: Sorry.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 111
dialog: 165
text: She presses all the other buzzers. No answer...she slumps,
text: utterly defeated.
text: She looks just like a crumpled old street-dweller.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
dialog: I’m so sorry, little bean.
dialog: Everything that I need to call
dialog: someone for help is in my bag, and
dialog: I’m just too exhausted to go back
dialog: and get it. I bet someone’s
dialog: already tucking into my Ben and
dialog: Jerry's right now. I suppose I
dialog: could call Jude or Shazzer, but I
dialog: can’t remember their numbers these
dialog: days, and it’s probably bath time,
dialog: bed time, or story time, or some
dialog: other inconvenient time. And Tom's
dialog: got my spares, but he’s on his way
dialog: back from Ecuador, so that’s no use
dialog: to us. Hmm, I wonder if Gianni’s is
dialog: open? I'll just sit here for a
dialog: little rest while I come up with a
dialog: plan.
text: She closes her eyes, starts to drift off.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. - TRANSITION TO NIGHT 165
text: She comes to, looks up and thinks she’s imagining.... MARK
text: DARCY coming round the corner.
text: She watches him as he approaches. He gets near to her and
text: then.... dips his hand in his pocket and gives her a tenner.
text: He then rings Bridget’s door bell.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Bridget? My god. What are you doing
dialog: there? You’re all wet. You’re
dialog: outside!
text: He kneels down, helps her up.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I locked myself out. I lost my
dialog: phone... and my keys... and my
dialog: credit cards. Like a bloody idiot.
text: He puts his coat round her.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: It seems I can never, ever leave
dialog: this street.
text: SHOOTING SCRIPT.
dialog: 112
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: But I thought you were back with
dialog: Candida.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: You know very well she’s called
dialog: Camilla...
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Camilla. I came round to find you
dialog: and she was there.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: She was coming to collect her
dialog: things. She’s gone back to The
dialog: Hague.
text: Without a beat he wraps his scarf around his hand and punches
text: the glass of the front door, before letting himself in.
scene_heading: 166 INT. BRIDGET’S FLAT. NIGHT. 166
text: They are both now inside the flat, Bridget still reeling.
text: Mark takes Bridget in his arms.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Look you know I find emotional
dialog: declarations.... difficult, but the
dialog: truth is...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Bridget?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Mmm?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Why are my trousers all warm?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Oh!! Oh!! Fuck! My waters must have
dialog: broken!
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Jesus Christ!
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I am so sorry. I’1ll get a cloth!
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: No, no. It doesn’t matter. But
dialog: you’re not due for another two or
dialog: three weeks at least.
text: A contraction. She winces.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Ooh! And that’s a contraction.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 113
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: And we are ruling out “Braxton
dialog: Hicks” which tend to be longer and
dialog: non - rhythmic in nature...
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Yes we bloody are. I think we
dialog: should go to the hospital, quickly.
text: Suddenly the mood is all urgent action whilst trying to
dialog: maintain calm.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Absolutely!
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: We'll go in your car.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I came in a cab.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: (contraction)
dialog: Oh for fuck’s sake!
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Well how was I supposed to know!?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Not you - the contractions!
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: We’ll take your car.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Can't, the keys are in my bag along
dialog: with everything else.
text: She lets out a scream.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Right. Ok. You just pant and
dialog: breathe and relax and count. That’s
dialog: what you’re supposed to do, right?
text: Darcy’s phone starts to ring. Will he answer?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: 41, 42, 43, 44... Should you get
dialog: that? It might be work.
text: Mark marches over to the window and in a dramatic gesture,
text: goes to throw the phone out.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't!
text: But he throws it out triumphantly. He’s proved himself.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: Great! But we need to get a cab.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 114
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Oh shit... Can I borrow a phone?
text: She throws him the house phone. He starts to dial.
speaker_heading: MARK (CONT'D)
dialog: Where’s your overnight bag?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: «+. 48 ... 49 ... over there.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Hi there. A cab from 7A Stonier
dialog: Street.
text: A great suite of immense luggage.
speaker_heading: MARK (CONT'D)
dialog: Good God, Bridget, it’s an
dialog: overnight bag, do you really need -
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Don’t shout at me! I’ve lost count
dialog: now. 48 - 49 -
dialog: (another contraction)
dialog: OHhhhhhhhh!
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Jesus!
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I’m sorry but it’s painful.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: No, not you. 45 minutes for a cab,
text: apparently it’s gridlock.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: What do we do?
text: Mark looks out of the window and sees Gianni’s pizza van.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: We'll work something out. I’11
dialog: carry the bags. And we should call
dialog: Jack.
scene_heading: 167 INT. GIANNI’S PIZZA DELIVERY VAN. NIGHT. 167
text: Bridget and Mark are in Gianni’s pizza delivery van. Bridget
dialog: is in some pain now.
speaker_heading: GIANNI
dialog: Don’t worry Miss Bridget, we get
dialog: you there... no traffic this time
dialog: of night.
text: The van stops. Mark looks confused.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 115
speaker_heading: 167A
dialog: 168
speaker_heading: GIANNI (CONT’D)
dialog: A Quattro Stagione and Margherita
dialog: with onion and pineapple for number
dialog: 17.
text: Gianni hands 3 pizzas to Mark, he realizes it’s futile to
text: argue and rushes out. Gianni turns to a panting Bridget.
speaker_heading: GIANNI (CONT’D)
dialog: Who has pineapple and onion - some
dialog: people they a-crazy.
text: Mark returns from his delivery and the van moves off again.
speaker_heading: GIANNI (CONT’D)
dialog: Dio Mio! It’s like rush hour, Mr
dialog: Mark.
text: The van stops again.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT/EXT GIANNI’S PIZZA DELIVERY VAN. NIGHT. 167A
text: All three in Gianni’s van. He is trying to avoid the traffic.
text: He does a 3-point turn and then goes uphill.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON STREETS. NIGHT. 168
text: The roads are indeed gridlocked and Bridget is in real pain.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: This is really happening, I’m going
dialog: to be a mother, Mark. Have I left
dialog: it too late...?
text: Before Mark can answer Gianni pipes up.
speaker_heading: GIANNI
dialog: Do not worry about the age, there
dialog: was a woman in my country, she was
dialog: 65 when she...
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: YES! I KNOW!
text: They hit traffic again and come to a stand still.
speaker_heading: GIANNI
dialog: Is unbelievable, is a bloody
dialog: women’s rights march. You know I’m
dialog: a big fan of women’s rights.. And
dialog: their lefts. Yes Mr Mark? You get
dialog: it, their lefts? I talk about their
dialog: boobies.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 116
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Oh Christ, it’s those infernal
dialog: women .
text: CUT TO: Hundreds of incensed chanting women on bicycles with
text: placards block the streets.
scene_heading: BACK IN THE CAB:
speaker_heading: MARK (CONT'D) BRIDGET
dialog: Hold my hand - squeeze my 17, 18, 19, 20, 21 -
dialog: hand, hard as you like - not
dialog: long now - stay calm -—
dialog: actually, not too hard.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: 22, 23, 24, 25 - they’re coming
dialog: quicker - oh my god we need to get
dialog: there.
text: Gianni honks repeatedly on the horn.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: Right. We’re getting out. You
dialog: ready?
text: And they step out into the street.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t think I can walk.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: There’s no need. I’1ll carry you.
speaker_heading: GIANNI
dialog: I come behind with bag Mr Mark.
text: And there’s a great rush of romantic music as, in true
text: Officer and Gentleman-style, Mark lifts her into his arms.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I must be very heavy.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Nonsense, I don’t feel a thing!
text: JUMP CUT to ten yards later. Gasping, red-faced, doubled
text: over, Mark can’t go one step further.
speaker_heading: MARK (CONT'D)
dialog: Good God, Bridget, you’re immense!
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I can’t help it!
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: I think my lung’s collapsed, but
dialog: this is not about me.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 117
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
dialog: 171
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Contraction’s starting again! I’m
dialog: going to have the baby in the
dialog: street!
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Okay, we’ll walk for ten, rest for
dialog: ten.
text: And he hauls Bridget on towards the hospital.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS NEAR HOSPITAL. NIGHT. 169
text: Mark is still carrying her. Almost on his knees...when Jack,
text: on his motorcycle, screeches to a halt. He gets off.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I'll take it from here!
text: Darcy hands Bridget over to Jack. He tries to carry her.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Holy shit - I think this is a two
dialog: man job.
scene_heading: EXT/INT. HOSPITAL. LABOUR UNIT. NIGHT. 170
text: Mark and Jack carry Bridget in through the doors. A MIDWIFE
text: runs up with a wheelchair.
speaker_heading: MIDWIFE
dialog: Which of you is the father?
text: Mark and Jack step forward.
speaker_heading: MARK/JACK
dialog: (in unison)
dialog: I am.
text: The mid-wife looks confused, but ushers them into the
text: delivery room.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL. BIRTHING ROOM. NIGHT. 171
text: Bridget is on her hands and knees on the birthing bed. Mark
text: and Jack simultaneously rub her back. Two midwives busy
text: themselves preparing the equipment.
text: DR RAWLINGS enters the room and looks from JACK to MARK, and
text: smiles knowingly.
speaker_heading: DR RAWLINGS
dialog: Ah, I was wondering how many
dialog: fathers we might get today - full
dialog: house! Bingo!
dialog: (calm)
dialog: OK Bridget, how are we going to do
dialog: this? Epidural?
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 118
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You can do this, a positive mental
dialog: attitude is stronger than any drug,
dialog: think away the pain.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Bollocks to that. I want everything
dialog: - gas, air, injections, morphine -
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Bridget... Remember your yoga.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Fuck yoga!
speaker_heading: DR RAWLINGS
dialog: Couldn’t agree more. It’s supposed
dialog: to be relaxing but I spend my
dialog: entire time worried that I’m going
dialog: to let out a fart. Now, let me have
dialog: a look at that cervix of yours.
text: She lifts up Bridget’s gown and Jack can’t help but get a
text: look at the ‘action area’. He looks queasy. A blood curdling
text: scream comes from the woman giving birth in the room next
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: DR RAWLINGS (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh, good!
text: CLOSE on Bridget’s relief.
speaker_heading: DR RAWLINGS (CONT’D)
dialog: You're already at six centimetres
dialog: so you can’t have any drugs at all.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
speaker_heading: WHAT?
speaker_heading: DR RAWLINGS
dialog: You're too far on. Oooh another
dialog: contraction.
text: Bridget winces in excruciating pain. Jack and Mark wince as
text: Bridget winces.
speaker_heading: DR RAWLINGS (CONT’D)
dialog: (to Jack and Mark)
dialog: I’m not sure there is much to gain
dialog: from you being at the coal face, if
dialog: I’m honest. My ex-husband said it
dialog: was like watching his favourite pub
dialog: burn down.
text: Another huge scream.
speaker_heading: MIDWIFE
dialog: Maybe dad should go and fetch mum a
text: cool flannel.
text: Mark and Jack look confused, unsure which of them should go,
text: there is a bit of awkwardness then Mark goes to get it.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 119
text: Mark returns with a cool flannel in his hand, Jack grabs it
text: from him and places it on Bridget’s forehead, leaving Mark
text: floundering and annoyed.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Bu...
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You can do this, just think the
dialog: pain away.
text: As Jack gets closer, gently imploring her to manage the pain,
text: she lifts her fist and punches him hard in the face, knocking
dialog: him down.
speaker_heading: JACK (CONT'D)
dialog: Motherfuckers!
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Just think the pain away...
text: Jack nurses his bleeding nose.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: GET OUT! BOTH OF YOU!
text: Unwilling to infuriate her more, the men share a look and
text: both go to leave.
scene_heading: BRIDGET CONTINUED
dialog: Make it stop, make the pain stop.
dialog: (to the departing men)
dialog: WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
text: Both men are at the door, look at each other and turn round,
text: sheepishly making their way back towards the bed.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: It’s too painful! I can’t do this I
dialog: just can’t.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Bridget lets out a blood curdling scream, she is clearly in
text: huge pain. Both men simultaneously put out their hands for
text: support, but as she screams, just as the pain appears that it
text: might be too much and faced with the choice of the two men in
text: her life, impulsively, instinctively, she reaches for...
speaker_heading: MARK.
text: Jack sees this and realizes that Bridget has made her choice.
text: As Bridget clings to Mark, the two men share a look. Jack
text: gives a conciliatory and defeated nod then quietly,
text: graciously, withdraws from the room.
text: Oblivious to this, Bridget continues to squeeze Mark’s hand
text: with superhuman might. He swallows his anguish and puts his
text: face in front of Bridget so she can see him.
text: SHOOTING SCRIPT.
text: Mark nods.
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: You can! You can do it, Bridget!
dialog: And we can do it together.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Look at what life’s thrown at you
dialog: already.
text: As he talks, Bridget grabs his arm and starts to bite into it
text: - it’s clearly extraordinarily painful, but Mark just grits
dialog: his teeth
dialog: register.
text: and talks through the agony, barely letting it
speaker_heading: MARK (CONT'D)
text: Christmas jumpers, massive pants,
text: cheating boyfriends and repressed
dialog: men who don’t deserve you. You’ve
dialog: turned disasters into triumphs with
dialog: your sheer joyful, infectious,
dialog: indefatigable lust for life, time
dialog: after time in succession. You've
dialog: Managed your pregnancy almost
dialog: entirely alone whilst having to
text: deal with two juvenile men, a
dialog: lunatic mother
dialog: and...P...P...Poonani!
text: He finally said it! She bites down harder. Mark conceals the
dialog: pain.
speaker_heading: MARK (CONT'D)
dialog: This is just the last few moments
dialog: and at the end of them, you’ll see
dialog: your beautiful baby!
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: And what if the baby isn’t yours?
dialog: What if he’s Jack’s?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: (no hesitation)
dialog: Then I will love him anyway. Just
dialog: like I love you, just the way you
dialog: were; the way you are; and - no
dialog: doubt - the way you always will
dialog: be...
text: Bridget looks at Mark through the red haze. He’s making
text: sense. Then the next pain is upon her and she bows her head
dialog: to it.
text: She takes her teeth out of his now bloody arm, teethmarks
text: apparent. He turns his back to her and lets out a massive
text: silent scream.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 121
dialog: 172
speaker_heading: DR RAWLINGS
dialog: You should probably go and get
dialog: those seen to. I’1ll handle it from
dialog: here.
text: She ushers him out.
speaker_heading: DR RAWLINGS (CONT’D)
dialog: Honestly... ‘think the pain
dialog: away’... absolute nonsense, you’re
dialog: squeezing out another human, I'd
dialog: love to see them ‘think it away’.
dialog: You're doing brilliantly, Bridget
dialog: and you’re nearly there -
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I can’t -
speaker_heading: DR RAWLINGS
dialog: (firm)
dialog: Yes, you can actually, and I think
dialog: you know it.
scene_heading: INT. GRAFTON UNDERWOOD VILLAGE HALL. NIGHT. 172
text: It’s the night of the election, and the recount has gone on
text: late into the night. Mum is on stage, next to all the other
text: candidates, awaiting the results. Una stands next to her.
speaker_heading: UNA
dialog: The results are in.
text: A formal looking official clutching a piece of paper
text: approaches the microphone. Mum - tenses then braces herself.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: With three hundred and sixty-six of
dialog: the votes, Mavis Rita Enderbury....
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Pamela-
text: Dad fights his way to the stage, phone in hand.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: With three hundred and sixty-seven
dialog: of the votes...
speaker_heading: MUM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Darling, it’s Bridget.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Pamela Margaret Jones.
speaker_heading: MUM
dialog: Not now, Colin.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 122
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: It’s about the baby.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Ladies and Gentleman, I hereby
dialog: declare that the said Pamela
dialog: Margaret Jones is duly elect...
text: Mum leans over to whisper in his ear. The mic picks it up.
speaker_heading: MUM
dialog: I’m so sorry, you will have to
dialog: excuse me. We’re about to become a
dialog: grandmother!
text: There are cheers from her supporters and she scurries off the
text: stage, pushing Una forward as she goes.
speaker_heading: MUM (CONT'D)
dialog: I‘1l leave you in the capable hands
dialog: of my deputy, Una.
text: Mum and Dad rush out of the hall, leaving the official and
text: other candidates totally confused.
scene_heading: INT. HARD NEWS STUDIOS. NIGHT. 173
text: Miranda is finishing up presenting the programme.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA
dialog: And that’s all for this late night
dialog: special edition of Hard News...
text: She looks up at the control room and Richard Finch is fist
text: pumping the air. He shouts into his headset.
speaker_heading: MIRANDA (CONT'D)
dialog: Except to say, Bridget Jones is in
dialog: labour.
text: Alice Peabody lets out a small, but discernible, smile.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL. LABOUR UNIT. EARLY MORNING. 174
text: The injured men sit next to each other, heads between hands,
text: slumped, exhausted, both bandaged from their Bridget-induced
dialog: wounds.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: She’s pretty amazing, isn’t she?
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Formidable, always has been.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Listen, I owe you an apology. I
dialog: know I haven’t behaved very well in
dialog: all this.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 123
speaker_heading: 174A
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: It’s okay.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: LATER 174A
text: It’s early morning after what has clearly been a long night.
text: Jack and Mark are fast asleep in the waiting room chairs.
text: Jack's head resting on Mark’s shoulder. Suddenly there is a
text: huge cry like a great lion’s roar. They wake up with a start,
text: and whirl round to look at the door. Seconds later, the mewl
dialog: of a new-born babe.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL. BIRTHING ROOM. EARLY MORNING. 175
text: Bridget is on the bed. The midwife is standing beside her and
text: Dr Rawlings watches on, happy.
text: The sudden cessation of pain has flooded her body with
text: endorphins and she is in a blissful state. In her arms, a
text: naked baby, still attached to the umbilical cord, yells
text: lustily. Bridget looks up at the haggard faces before her.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: We did it! Say hello to our
dialog: beautiful boy!
text: Jack embraces Mark and kisses him. Mark almost kisses him
text: back, then stops himself.
text: Mark rushes to Bridget’s side and for a moment they both look
text: down at the mite in her arms, the perfect, everyday miracle.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: Let’s tell everyone.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Why don’t you tell them yourself,
dialog: they’re all here.
text: He opens the door and Jude, Shazzer and Tom pop their heads
text: in blowing kisses and congratulating her. Bridget smiles at
text: them, so happy.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL. LABOUR UNIT. BRIDGET’S ROOM. DAY. 176
text: Bridget cradles the baby, who is now washed and swaddled and
dialog: quite simply the most beautiful thing ever. One by one, the
text: friends rush in.
text: CLOSE on Jude.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 124
speaker_heading: JUDE
dialog: So sorry, I’m late Bridge, some
dialog: Lesbians are having a stupid all
dialog: night march.
speaker_heading: MARK
text: Actually they’re marching in aid of
dialog: freedom of speech, it’s a rather
dialog: important...
text: Shazzer rushes in.
speaker_heading: SHAZZER
dialog: Bridge - I can’t believe I wasn’t
dialog: here - there’s some unbelievably
dialog: annoying march...
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Don’t worry. I would only’ve
dialog: punched you as well.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Actually, the march is rather...
text: Tom rushes in.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Can I be Godfather?
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: I’m depending on you.
text: They all clasp hands tightly. The vignette is interrupted by
text: a loud speech.
speaker_heading: MUM (0.S.)
dialog: Bridget Jones! My daughter! She's
dialog: my daughter! Where is she?
text: The thundering of blue heels as Mum approaches. She is
text: ushered in. Everyone else draws back.
speaker_heading: MUM (CONT'D)
dialog: So sorry we didn’t get here on
dialog: time, there is some march for
dialog: women’s rights. Honestly, do we
dialog: really need any more rights?
text: Mum, tearful and overjoyed all at once, kisses Bridget
text: wherever she can get at her.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Meet your grandson, Mum.
speaker_heading: MUM
dialog: Grandson! My grandson! Say hello to
dialog: new Parish Councillor Jones.
text: Bridget beams at them both.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 125
dialog: 177
dialog: 178
speaker_heading: MUM (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh - the darling! He looks so like -
dialog: oh. Not that it matters, but do we
dialog: know who Daddy is yet?
text: Everyone turns to look at the men - Mark with a blood-
text: boltered bandage on his forearm and Jack, not looking rich at
text: all with a wodge of loo-paper up his nostril. Dr. Rawlings
text: bends a finger at the two of them.
speaker_heading: DR. RAWLINGS
dialog: Come along, you two. Time for a
dialog: little test, so exciting, it’s like
text: the final of X Factor. Phone in
dialog: adding an 01 for Mark or an 02 if
dialog: you want it to be Jack.
text: Mark and Jack look at each other. They shake hands.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: Good luck.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (gravely)
dialog: And to you, my friend.
text: CLOSE on Bridget - still high on her endorphins, regarding
text: Mark with love and Jack with affection.
text: Back on the men as they turn to her - FREEZE on their faces.
text: Over this, the sound of a baby’s laugh. The best sound in the
text: world, in fact. It laughs and laughs.
text: A caption comes up: ONE YEAR LATER.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 177
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH. DAY. 178
text: Bridget Jones, finally a bride, enters at the back of the
text: church on dad’s arm, smiling, nervous.
text: She walks down the aisle passing Miranda, Richard, the
text: friends, Una, Mum, Dad and other friends and relatives.
text: Bridget arrives at the altar. Jack steps forward.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (to Bridget)
dialog: You look beautiful.
text: She smiles. Jack steps aside - to REVEAL - Mark Darcy.
speaker_heading: MARK
dialog: We're really doing this.
text: On the congregation smiling, happy.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 126
speaker_heading: 178A
dialog: 179
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: There’s no going back now.
speaker_heading: MINISTER
dialog: We are gathered here to celebrate
dialog: the union of Bridget Rose Jones and
dialog: Mark Fitzwilliam Darcy.
text: Bridget and Mark stand together, holding hands.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MINISTER (CONT'D)
dialog: I now pronounce you husband and
dialog: wife.
text: Bridget and Mark kiss.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 178A
scene_heading: EXT. WEDDING RECEPTION. DAY. 179
text: A laughing William is thrown high into the brightest, bluest
text: sky. Laughing, giggling, hysterical, idyllic.
speaker_heading: Y
dialog: What’s that, higher?
text: And he throws the laughing boy even higher.
speaker_heading: X (0.S.)
dialog: Y, what are you doing with my son?
text: X and Bridget approach hand in hand -
speaker_heading: Y
dialog: Don’t leave me alone with him
dialog: again. I’ve no idea what I’m doing.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET
dialog: Come on. We’ll be late for lunch.
text: The two men lift the baby up and join Bridget. She takes the
text: baby and gives him a big smacker.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (CONT'D)
dialog: Alright then, William xX x.
dialog: Hashtagletsdothis!
text: Bridget takes a moment to survey the scene. It is a motley
dialog: crew and no mistake.
text: She watches as X walks ahead, chatting animatedly with Y.
speaker_heading: BRIDGET (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Diary, and so I Bridget Jones
dialog: am a singleton no more... married?
dialog: Yes. Finally. Smug? Maybe just a
dialog: little.
scene_heading: SHOOTING SCRIPT. 127
text: Bridget swipes a glass of champagne, knocks it back.
text: On a nearby park bench, a newspaper flaps in the breeze. The
text: newspaper headline reads: “AIRPLANE FOUND IN BUSH ONE YEAR
scene_heading: LATER. PUBLISHING PLAYBOY MIRACULOUSLY ALIVE”. A photograph
text: shows a bearded Daniel Cleaver standing surrounded by several
dialog: gorgeous Aboriginal women.
text: THE END.
dialog: 
