dialog: 
text: BRINGING OUT THE DEAD
dialog: First draft (11/7/97)
dialog: Paul Schrader
dialog: From the novel by
dialog: Joseph Connelly
dialog: After World War One it was called
dialog: Shell Shock.
dialog: After World War Two it was called
dialog: Battle Fatigue.
dialog: After Vietnam it was called
dialog: Post Traumatic Stress Disorder.
text: Frank Pierce, 28, drives an EMS vehicle for
dialog: Our Lady of Mercy Hospital, New York City.
text: He has been a paramedic for five years.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREETS--NIGHT
text: An EMS "bus" careens around a corner, tires squealing, lights
text: flashing, siren whoop-whooping, swooping through Stygian
text: canyons of New York.
text: FRANK PIERCE, 28, drives. He wears dark cargo pants, black
text: boots, a white shirt with the paramedic badge, "EMS" gold
text: logo on one collar, "OLM" on the other. "Our Lady of Mercy
text: Paramedic" is inscribed in white across the back of his
text: navy jacket. On his belt: two-way radio, leather gloves,
text: beeper, drug kit, multi-purpose tool kit, mini-flashlight,
text: collapsible baton.
text: LARRY, 35, overweight, his partner for the night, rides techie
text: (shotgun), both hands clutching the dash.
text: Frank scans the blurring cityscape for hidden danger. He is
text: a young man of slight frame and open face--his life, his
text: possible futures, still before him: behind those open eyes,
text: beneath those dark shadows: hollowness beckons.
text: Dispatcher's voice crackles through the cab static: "Ladder
text: 4, respond to a 10-22, four flight residential, 417 East 32.
text: 13 Boy, men's room Grand Central, man set his pants on fire.
text: Bad burns. 17 David, at 177 East 24, there's a
text: woman who says a roach crawled in her ear. Can't get it out,
text: says she's going into cardiac arrest ..."
text: Frank's detached voice speaks over the urban landscape:
speaker_heading: FRANK (V.O.)
text: Thursday started out with a bang: a
text: gunshot to the chest on a drug deal
dialog: gone bad. Heat, humidity, moonlight--
text: all the elements in place for a long
dialog: weekend. I was good at my job: there
dialog: were periods when my hands moved
dialog: with a speed and skill beyond me and
dialog: my mind worked with a cool authority
dialog: I had never known. But in the last
dialog: year I had started to lose that
dialog: control. Things had turned bad. I
dialog: hadn't saved anyone for months. I
dialog: just needed a few slow nights, a
text: week without tragedy followed by a
dialog: couple of days off.
text: The radio continues: "Zebra, 13Z, 524 East 17--"
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: We're there.
text: The ambulance breaks to a halt in front of a row of vintage
text: walk-ups. Frank and Larry jump out: Frank lugs the EKG monitor
text: and airway bag, Larry the drug box, yellow oxygen
text: pack slung over his shoulder. Neighbors crowd around.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: Which apartment? Which apartment?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Move back. Where's the stairs? 5A.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: Oh Jesus, it's Mr. Burke.
text: The front door opens, a young boy holding it.
dialog: Author's note: in emergency situations, either on the street
text: or in the hospital, it is assumed there is continual
text: background noise--voices, sirens, cries, questions, etc.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TENEMENT STAIRWELL--NIGHT
text: Four flights up: Frank and Larry climbing rotting steps,
text: gray-yellow painted walls, red doors with three locks each,
text: Larry, out of breath, his stomach rolling around like a
text: bowling ball in a bag.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BURKE APARTMENT--NIGHT
text: They enter 5A. MRS. BURKE, 55, her eyes run dry, standing in
text: the center of the room, surrounded by neighbors. Someone
text: leads them to the BEDROOM where Mr. Burke, 60, lies unmoving,
text: stretched on the bed. A young woman, MARY BURKE, 24, kneels
text: over the old man, pressing her lips to his flaccid mouth.
text: JOHN BURKE, 30, grabs Franks arm:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We were just watching TV and Dad
text: yelled out and started punching his
dialog: chest, next thing he locked himself
dialog: in the bathroom. I said we were gonna
dialog: call you guys and he said not to.
dialog: He was crying, I never heard him
text: crying before, then he sorta stopped.
text: We pulled him out and put him on the
dialog: bed.
text: Frank and Larry moving the body to the floor:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: How long ago did he stop breathing?
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: Maybe ten minutes. Woman on the phone
dialog: tried to tell us how to do CPR.
dialog: Please, you gotta do something.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We'll do all we can.
text: Larry ripping open Mr. Burke's shirt, prepping electrode
text: patches, hooking wires, Frank opening Burke's mouth, feeling
text: a puff of gas escape; Larry calling for backup. Burke's EKG
text: rhythm on the monitor a flat green line.
text: Frank's training takes over: he injects the long steel
text: laryngoscope down Burke's throat, he finds a vein, injects
text: epinephrine, followed by atrophine, followed by another epi:
text: no response on the monitor. Larry pulls out the paddles:
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Clear! Clear!
text: Larry activates defibrillator, shock--Burke's body heaves.
text: Sweat drips from Larry's nose onto Burke's chest.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No more, please don't!
text: They shock him again. This time the body moves less. Frank
text: glances up: Mr. and Mrs. Burke's wedding photo sits on the
text: nightstand. Other pictures: a day at the beach, a young
text: serviceman, happy parents. Frank's mind drifts:
speaker_heading: FRANK (V.O.)
dialog: In the last year I had come to believe
dialog: in such things as spirits leaving
dialog: the body and not wanting to be put
text: back, spirits angry at the awkward
dialog: places death had left them. I
dialog: understood how crazy it was to think
dialog: this way, but I was convinced if I
dialog: turned around, I'd see Old Man Burke
text: standing at the window, watching,
dialog: waiting for us to finish.
text: Frank feels Burke's heart beneath cracked ribs. The EEG
text: remains flat. He's dead. It's time to quit.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Larry)
dialog: I'll take over. Call ER and ask for
dialog: an eighty-three.
dialog: (to Mrs. Burke)
dialog: Sorry.
text: Larry stands, breathing heavy, looks for a phone. Frank turns
text: to notice relatives and neighbors standing around.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you have any music?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Music. I think it helps if you play
dialog: something he liked.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: John, play the Sinatra.
text: John enters crying. Mary repeats softly:
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Play the Sinatra.
text: John exits. Frank notices Mary for the first time: blond
text: hair dyed black, cut short, loose fitting tank dress, black
text: makeup running down her cheeks. He notices her prom picture,
text: glances back to Mary: it seems she hasn't smiled since that
dialog: day eight years before. Something special about her, that
dialog: something that hits you right away.
text: "September of My Years" plays from the other room. Frank
text: continues massaging Mr. Burke's chest (now to Sinatra beat),
text: even though it's hopeless. Larry returns:
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: It's OK, Frank. We can call it. Eighty-
dialog: three.
text: Frank feels something strange, looks into Burke's pupils,
text: checks his neck pulse, wrist pulse. His eyes go to Larry:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No we can't. He's got a pulse.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: No shit.
text: Larry checks the monitor: the green line up and down. Mary
dialog: senses a change in status:
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Is he going to be alright?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (not encouraging)
text: His heart's beating.
text: A distant siren signals the arrival of backup. Frank turns
dialog: to Larry:
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Have 'em bring up a stretcher.
text: He looks from Mary back to Mr. Burke--breathing but comatose.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AMBULANCE--NIGHT
text: Larry climbing through the back doors, sitting in the jumpseat
text: at the stretcher's head as Frank hangs IV bags, replugs EKG
text: wires that have come loose.
text: Frank looks up, sees Mary entering; he takes her arm, turns
text: her toward the rear doors:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Help your family. Ride with your
dialog: mother and brother.
dialog: (she hesitates)
dialog: Help your family. They need you more.
dialog: Help yourself.
text: Mary steps out, stands in the red flashing light as Larry
text: closes the door, Frank climbs in the driver's seat.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SECOND AVENUE--NIGHT
text: The EMS bus cruises up Second. Frank checks the side mirror:
text: John, Mary and Mrs. Burke pull behind in a black Ford. Seeing
text: their faces, Frank flips the lights and siren on. It's too
dialog: late to help Mr. Burke, but it's important to the family
text: that it look urgent. Frank watches passing lights, cars,
dialog: faces:
speaker_heading: FRANK (V.O.)
dialog: I needed to concentrate because my
dialog: mind tended to wander on these short
dialog: trips. It was the neighborhood I
dialog: grew up in and where I had worked
text: most as a paramedic, and it held
dialog: more ghosts per square foot than any
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OUR LADY OF MERCY--NIGHT
text: Larry and Frank's 13 Zebra ambulance lined up beside two
text: others outside a blazing "Emergency" sign on the crowded
text: side street.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MERCY ER--NIGHT
dialog: Every large city has a hospital Emergency Room so replete
text: with trauma, violence and suffering it picks up the sobriquet
text: "Knife and Gun Club." On Manhattan's Lower East Side it's
dialog: our Lady Of Mercy, aka, Our Lady of Misery.
text: ER: a white-lit cement box painted yellow and decorated with
text: old framed Playbills. Four rows of six plastic chairs face a
text: TV bolted and chained to the ceiling. The seats are filled
text: with backed-up drunks, assault victims and "regulars,"
text: bleeding and spilling over against the walls and the floor,
text: getting up to ask their status or going out to throw up and
dialog: have a smoke.
text: Larry and Frank wheeling Burke in, two IV lines, each
text: connected to an elbow, tangled in EKG cables. Two LACERATED
text: RUSSIANS scramble out of their way as they approach GRISS,
text: the large black sunglassed security guard. He looks up from
dialog: his television guide:
speaker_heading: GRISS
dialog: Hey partner. Your man does not look
dialog: well. They're not gonna appreciate
dialog: you inside.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (pumping Ambu-bag)
dialog: Griss, let us in.
speaker_heading: GRISS
text: Things are backing up.
text: Griss pushes a button, activating the automatic door, striking
text: the bandaged leg of a man lying down on a stretcher in the
text: hall. Larry and Frank wheel Burke inside. A pleading family
text: tries to follow. Griss stretches out his hand:
speaker_heading: GRISS (CONT'D)
dialog: You can't go in there, folks.
text: Mary, John and Mrs. Burke rush in from the street, hoping
text: some miracle has occurred during the drive to the hospital,
text: approach the sign-in desk.
text: Frank and Larry pass four stretchers lined against the wall--
text: a passage nicknamed "Skid Row" leading past triage NURSE
text: CONSTANCE's station.
scene_heading: NURSE CONSTANCE
dialog: Just keep moving. Don't even slow
dialog: down.
text: Nurse Constance turns back to the nervous man seated beside
dialog: her:
speaker_heading: NURSE CONSTANCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Sir, you say you've been snorting
dialog: cocaine for three days and now you
dialog: feel your heart is beating too fast
dialog: and you would like us to help you.
dialog: To tell the truth, I don't see why I
dialog: should. If I'm mistaken, correct me.
dialog: Did we sell you the cocaine? Did we
dialog: push it up your nose?
text: Larry and Frank slow at the last Skid Row stretchers. On
text: one, NOEL, a young dark-skinned man with chaotic mess of
text: dreadlocks, pulls feverishly at his restraints:
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: For God's sake, give me some water.
text: From the next stretcher a man with feet swollen purple like
text: prize eggplants replies:
speaker_heading: BIG FEET
dialog: Shut up! Goddamn civilians.
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: Give me some water!
text: NURSE CRUPP stops Frank and Larry as they approach the
text: Critical care room. inside, the staff appears as if under
text: siege by a battalion of shriveled men and women lying on a
text: field of white sheets.
speaker_heading: NURSE CRUPP
dialog: Don't take another step. We're on
dialog: diversion. Can't accept any more
dialog: patients. Your dispatcher should
dialog: have told you.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We got him at Eighteen and Second.
dialog: You're closest.
speaker_heading: NURSE CRUPP
dialog: Where will I put him, Frank? Look.
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He wanted to come here. Said the
dialog: nurses at Misery were the best.
speaker_heading: NURSE CRUPP
dialog: (acquiesces)
dialog: All right, give me a minute. I'll
dialog: kick someone out of slot three.
text: Larry unravels himself from the IV lines as nurse walks over,
text: takes Burke's pulse.
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: Excuse me. You are a very kind man.
dialog: I can see that. A man like you could
dialog: not refuse a poor sick dying helpless
text: man a small cup of water.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I can't. I have to stay with my
dialog: patient.
speaker_heading: BIG FEET
dialog: Shut the fuck up! If it wasn't for
dialog: these dun feet I'd get up and kick
dialog: your ass!
text: DR. HAZMAT, 30, steps over.
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
dialog: Godammit, guys, what are you doing
dialog: to me? We're all backed up in here.
dialog: Christ, would you look at him? He's
dialog: gonna need the works. What's wrong
dialog: with him?
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: You should know. You pronounced him.
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
dialog: You told me he was dead. Flatline.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He got better.
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
dialog: I hate pronouncing people dead over
dialog: the phone.
text: (flashes light in
dialog: Burke's eyes)
dialog: Better, huh? They're fixed and
text: dilated. He's plant food.
speaker_heading: NURSE CRUPP
dialog: (returning)
dialog: We stole a stretcher from X-ray. No
dialog: pad on it, but I don't think he'll
dialog: mind. Put him in three, next to the
dialog: overdose.
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
dialog: He's our lowest priority now. He
dialog: shouldn't even be here. All this
dialog: technology. What a waste.
text: Back at SECURITY, the Burkes confront Griss.
speaker_heading: GRISS
dialog: Please folks, step back.
dialog: (they hesitate)
dialog: Don't make me take off my sunglasses.
text: In CRITICAL CARE, Larry wheels Burke into unit three as Dr.
text: Hazmat turns Frank to face the room, explaining:
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
dialog: First-time heart attack, age 45.
dialog: Should have gone to the CCU ten hours
dialog: ago. There's three bodies up there
dialog: Mike the one you just brought in.
text: over there, two AIDS patients, one
text: in twelve filling up with liquid.
dialog: I'm gonna hafta intubate because the
dialog: kid's mother won't sign the Do Not
dialog: Resuscitate. Mercy killing doesn't
dialog: translate well in Spanish. It's a
dialog: sin to tube this kid. Three more ODs
dialog: from some new killer junk. They call
dialog: it Red Death.
text: Hazmat pulls out a vial marked with a red skull and
text: crossbones, shows it to Frank.
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: Water, water, water, doctor man,
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
dialog: A mix of heroin and I don't know
dialog: what else, some kind of amino acid
dialog: maybe. Stuff so strong they're
dialog: drinking it with grain alcohol. You
dialog: have to use ten times the usual amount
text: of Narcan and watch out when they
dialog: wake up, liable to go nuts on you.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (about Noel)
dialog: He one of them?
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
dialog: No, that's Noel. Used to be a regular
dialog: off and on, hasn't been in in a while.
dialog: He seized and almost coded--I gave
text: him a hypertonic solution. He drank
dialog: so much the kidneys were taking out
dialog: salt. One for the textbooks.
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: Oh doctor, you are the greatest. You
dialog: must help me.
speaker_heading: BIG FEET
dialog: For God's sake, give him a drink of
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
dialog: I am helping you, Noel. You could
dialog: die if you drink more water.
text: Nurse Crupp pulls on Hazmat's arm.
speaker_heading: HAZMAT (CONT'D)
dialog: What is it?
text: She points to Burke. His monitor is ringing like a fire alarm.
text: Hazmat and Crupp rush over, wave to others:
speaker_heading: HAZMAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Crupp, start CPR. Milagros, get me
text: an epi. Odette wake up Dr. Stark.
dialog: Tell him I need a blood gas, stat.
text: As the staff crowds around Burke, pulling the paddles from
text: off the monitor, Frank, pushing his stretcher away, notices
text: Big Feet climb onto his infected feet, hobble over, work to
dialog: untie Noel.
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: Bless you sir, bless you.
speaker_heading: BIG FEET
dialog: Shut up.
text: Frank heads down Skid Row pushing the stretcher, passing
text: Nurse Constance speaking with a man with a gash over his
dialog: eye:
scene_heading: NURSE CONSTANCE
dialog: ... so you get drunk every day and
dialog: you fall down. Tell me why we should
dialog: help you when you're going to get
dialog: drunk tomorrow and fall down again?
text: Frank pushes the automatic door button--and is suddenly hit
text: from behind by Noel. The stretcher spins sideways. Noel
text: dives out the doors for the water fountain, snorting up water
text: like a bull. Mary Burke, standing with her family, looks at
dialog: Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (stock reply)
dialog: He's very very sick.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I know him. That's Noel.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We'd better go outside. Quickly.
text: Frank and Mary step out into the humid night.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MERCY EMERGENCY--NIGHT
text: Checking behind then, Frank stops. Mary pauses before she
dialog: speaks:
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Is there any chance?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (shakes head)
dialog: I guess there's always a chance.
text: The doors break open. Noel comes flying out, bounces on the
text: sidewalk. Griss, in the doorway, closes the doors.
text: Mary goes over to Noel:
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Noel, Noel, it's me, Mary. From 17th
dialog: Street.
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: Mary, Mary, Mary. I'm so thirsty.
dialog: They won't give me anything to drink.
dialog: Please, Mary.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (heading inside)
dialog: I'll get you some.
text: Frank watches: Mary returns with a cup of water, gives it to
text: a grateful Noel.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I wouldn't do that.
dialog: (Noel drinks)
text: The doctor seems to think he's
text: suffering from some rare disorder.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It's not so rare. He grew up on our
dialog: street. He's had a rough life and
dialog: he's a little crazy from it, but
dialog: that's no excuse for not giving
text: someone a lousy cup of water.
text: Mary starts to cry. Frank fumbles in his pocket, finds a
text: tissue, gives it to her.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: My father's dying, Noel.
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: Oh Mary, Mary, Mary.
text: Noel hugs her clumsily, his shoulders bobbing. Frank watches,
text: realizing this is what he should have done for her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EAST SIDE STREETS--NIGHT
text: 13 Zebra cruising down Avenue C, Frank at the wheel, Larry
dialog: shotgun.
speaker_heading: LARRY
text: The Chinese close in five minutes.
dialog: Beef lo mein. It's been on my
dialog: mind since I woke. Whatjathink?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I think the moment that food hits
dialog: your mouth we'll get a job.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Turn here. You missed it. The Chink
text: is on 3rd.
text: Franks turns, gets jammed up behind a pimp car at Second and
text: Avenue B, a corner populated by pushers and hookers. TWO
text: WHORES stand in front of an abandoned building. Frank turns
dialog: to look.
speaker_heading: WHORE #1
dialog: Hey ambulance man. What you looking
dialog: at?
text: The second whore, wearing a yellow vinyl coat, turns. She
text: has a face that instantly freezes Frank: the Rose face.
text: Pregnant, she gestures to her belly:
speaker_heading: WHORE #2
dialog: Pretty soon you'll be coming for me.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Some partner you are Frank. I coulda
dialog: walked there faster. I'm starving
dialog: and you stop to talk to hookers.
dialog: You're making me nuts. Is that what
dialog: you're trying to do, drag me down
dialog: with you to nutsville?
text: Frank hits the whoop-whoop siren. The pimps in the black BMW
text: jump, look back, realize its only an ambulance, and pull
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: LARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: (slams dashboard)
dialog: Oh no!--I just remembered.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: I'm so stupid. I had beef lo mein
dialog: last night. I can't eat the same
dialog: thing two nights in a row. It's almost
dialog: two o'clock, what the hell am I gonna
dialog: do? What you getting?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'm not hungry.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Oh yeah, you don't eat food.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I eat. I just haven't had coffee
dialog: yet.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Coffee and whiskey, lucky you ain't
dialog: dead with that diet. Wait, I've got
text: it. Half fried chicken with fries.
dialog: Let's go, hurry up. Come on.
text: Frank speeds up Avenue B. Noel, wearing generic homeless
text: combat fatigues, muttering to his friends in Hell, passes on
text: the sidewalk. Frank notices another hooker, catches her face:
text: the same face as the pregnant Whore #2. The Rose face. His
dialog: mind drifts:
speaker_heading: FRANK (V.O.)
text: Rose was getting closer. Ever since
dialog: the call a month before, when I'd
dialog: lost her, she seemed like all the
text: girls in the neighborhood. One of
dialog: the first things you learn is to
dialog: avoid bad memories. I used to be an
dialog: expert, but lately I'd found some
dialog: holes. Anything could trigger it.
dialog: The last month belonged to Rose, but
dialog: there were a hundred more ready to
dialog: come out.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CHICKEN TAKE-OUT--NIGHT
text: The EMS vehicle is stopped at a fast food joint. Larry orders,
dialog: waits.
speaker_heading: FRANK (V.O.)
dialog: These spirits were part of the job.
dialog: It was impossible to pass a building
dialog: that didn't bold the spirit of
text: something: the eyes of a corpse, the
text: screams of a loved one. All bodies
dialog: leave their mark. You cannot be near
text: the new dead without feeling it.
text: Larry gets his chicken, chats with counter clerk, returns.
speaker_heading: FRANK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I could handle that. What haunted me
dialog: now was more savage: spirits born
dialog: half-finished, homicides, suicides,
dialog: overdoses, innocent or not, accusing
dialog: me of being there, witnessing a
dialog: humiliation which they could never
dialog: forgive.
text: Larry climbs in, sets his take-out on the dash, hands Frank
text: a coffee. A police walkie-talkie is in the front tray.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Turn it off.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: You know what. The radio.
speaker_heading: POLICE DISPATCH
text: Ladder Four, respond to a 10-22 four
dialog: flight residential, 317 East 32nd.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Let's do it. It might be a good one.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You wanted it turned off. There's no
dialog: such thing as a good fire. People
text: get burned up. They can't breathe.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: That's what we're here for. Come on,
dialog: Frank.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Don't push it, Larry.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: You're burned out.
scene_heading: RADIO DISPATCHER
dialog: One-three Zebra. Zebra three, I need
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: You see, he's giving it to us anyway.
scene_heading: RADIO DISPATCHER
dialog: Zebra, are you there? I'm holding an
text: unconscious at First and St. Marks.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (screams)
dialog: No! It's three o'clock. That can
dialog: only mean one thing.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Mr. Oh.
speaker_heading: LARRY
text: It's Mr. Oh. I'm not answering it.
scene_heading: RADIO DISPATCHER
dialog: Answer the radio Zebra. You know
dialog: it's that time.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Four times this week I've had him.
dialog: Aren't there any other units out
dialog: there? Don't answer the radio.
dialog: They'll give it to someone else.
scene_heading: RADIO DISPATCHER
text: Thirteen Zebra. One-Three Zebra.
dialog: You're going out of service in two
dialog: seconds.
text: Pause. Neither moves.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Look, Frank, when I say don't answer
dialog: it, that means answer it.
dialog: (picks up the mike)
dialog: You can do that for me at least.
dialog: (keys mike)
text: Three Zebra.
scene_heading: RADIO DISPATCHER
dialog: Yes, Zebra. You'll be driving to the
dialog: man who needs no introduction, chronic
dialog: caller of the year three straight
text: and shooting for number four. The
text: duke of drunk, the king of stink,
dialog: our most frequent flier, Mr. Oh.
speaker_heading: LARRY
text: Ten-four.
dialog: (Frank starts the
dialog: engine)
dialog: Don't go. Not this time.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (driving off)
dialog: Relax, it's a street job, easy except
dialog: for the smell. We'll just throw him
text: in back and zip over to Mercy--no
dialog: blood, no dying, that's how I look
text: at it. He's just a drunk.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: It's not our job to taxi drunks
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: They'll just keep calling.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Someone's gonna die someday causa
dialog: that bum, going to have a cardiac
text: and the only medics will be taking
dialog: care of Mr. Oh.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST &amp; ST. MARKS--NIGHT
text: Frank and Larry standing over Mr. Oh, 40, surrounded by street
text: people. Oh lays curled up beside his wheelchair, wearing a
text: black garbage bag with holes cut out for his arms, his pants
text: around his knees.
scene_heading: MALE STREET PERSON #1
dialog: He's bad mister. He ain't eaten nuthin
text: all day, he's seizing and throwing
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (hand over nose)
dialog: So what's different?
scene_heading: MALE STREET PERSON #1
text: He says his feet hurt.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Well why didn't you say so?
speaker_heading: LARRY
text: He's drunk.
scene_heading: MALE STREET PERSON #2
dialog: He's sick. You gotta help him.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: He's fine. He can walk to the
dialog: hospital.
scene_heading: FEMALE STREET PERSON
dialog: Walk? You crazy? He's in a wheelchair.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Don't start that. I've seen him walk.
dialog: He walks better than me.
text: Frank crouches over Oh, tries to pull Oh's pants over his
text: white, dirt-stained ass. Oh moans:
speaker_heading: MR. OH
dialog: Oh, oh, oh.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: That's him, Mr. Oh.
dialog: (pulls at his arm)
dialog: Get up.
text: Larry and Frank get Oh to his feet only to have him stumble
text: over his lowered trousers. This time Frank lifts him, sets
text: his white ass cheeks into the wheelchair. They push him toward
text: the ambulance.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Good luck! Get better!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST AVE--NIGHT
text: 13 Zebra heads up First, double Caduceus symbols shining
text: from the back of the van.
text: Inside the cab, Larry and Frank lean out the front windows
dialog: to avoid the king of stink:
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Faster! God!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (flips on top lights)
dialog: Faster!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MERCY ER--NIGHT
text: Griss holding up his hand:
speaker_heading: GRISS
dialog: Get that stinky-assed motherfucking
text: bug-ridden skell out of my face.
text: Frank and Larry stand beside Oh slumped in his wheelchair.
text: Fellow drunks welcome their comrade from plastic chairs.
text: Nurse Constance escorts a young man from the triage area:
scene_heading: NURSE CONSTANCE
dialog: I would have to register you to give
dialog: you something to eat and my conscience
dialog: just will not allow that. Griss,
text: the gentleman wants to leave.
dialog: (looks at Oh)
dialog: He looks pale. You're not eating
dialog: enough. You need more fiber.
text: Griss shows young man the door.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (holds up his report)
dialog: He's wasted. That's my diagnosis:
dialog: shit-faced.
scene_heading: NURSE CONSTANCE
dialog: He just needs a bath and some food.
dialog: Take him in back and see if you can
text: find a stretcher.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: She's nuts. That's why he comes here.
text: She encourages him.
text: Griss returns as Crupp calls from critical care area:
speaker_heading: NURSE CRUPP
dialog: Don't you dare! That's my last
dialog: stretcher. This is not a homeless
dialog: shelter. He'll have to wait in the
dialog: lobby.
speaker_heading: GRISS
dialog: No way man. Not even in the corner.
text: Griss cannot abide the funk tonight.
text: Larry and Frank turn, secretly pleased, and wheel Mr. Oh
text: outside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MERCY EMERGENCY--NIGHT
text: Larry setting Oh outside the entrance, heading towards the
text: all night deli. Frank takes out a cigarette.
text: Mary Burke walks up the drive opening a pack of cigs. Frank
text: offers her a light. She inhales, exhales:
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It's my first cigarette in over a
dialog: year.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: The first is always the best.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It's the waiting that's killing me,
dialog: not knowing, you know? It's really
dialog: hard on my mother. The doctor doesn't
dialog: think my father'll make it. He says
dialog: he was dead too long, after six
text: minutes the brain starts to die and
text: once that goes, close the door.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You never know.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I mean if he was dead, I could handle
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: At least he's got people around him.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'm not so sure. My father and I
dialog: haven't spoken in three years. When
dialog: my brother called to say my father
dialog: was having a heart attack, that he'd
text: locked himself in the bathroom, all
dialog: the way going over I was thinking
dialog: how I was gonna tell him what a
dialog: bastard he was. Then when I got up
text: the stairs and we moved him onto the
dialog: bed, I thought of all these other
dialog: things I wanted to say.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Even when you say the things, there's
dialog: always more things.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Right now, I'm more worried about my
dialog: mother than anything. They won't let
dialog: her see my father.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Go home. Take her home. Get some
dialog: rest. Not going to find anything out
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: That's what I told her. If she could
dialog: just see him a second, then I could
dialog: take her home.
text: Larry walks back with a coffee for himself and a brown bag
dialog: beer for Frank.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Time to switch. I wheel, you heal.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LOWER EAST SIDE--NIGHT
text: 4:00am. The EMS vehicle drives downtown. The city has
text: transformed: a deserted city, inhabited by the hardcore:
text: hardcore night-shift employees, hardcore party-goers, hardcore
dialog: druggies, hardcore homeless, people with something special
dialog: to do or nowhere to go.
scene_heading: RADIO DISPATCHER
text: 12 David on the corner of Thirty-
dialog: eight and Two you'll find a three-
text: car accident, two taxis and a taxi.
dialog: One-two Henry, 427 East Two-two,
dialog: report of a very bad smell. No further
dialog: information ...
text: Larry driving at a good clip, riding both the gas and the
text: break pedals, enjoying the newfound freedom of movement.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Larry, swing over on Eighth. We're
dialog: gonna hafta run one of these calls.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Relax, will you.
text: Frank places both hands on the dash as Larry squeals around
text: a corner.
speaker_heading: FRANK (V.O.)
dialog: The biggest problem with not driving
dialog: is that whenever there's a patient
dialog: in back you're also in the back.
dialog: The doors close, you're trapped.
dialog: Four in the morning is always the
dialog: worst time for me, just before dawn,
dialog: just when you've been lulled into
dialog: thinking it might be safe to close
dialog: your eyes for one minute. That's
dialog: when I first found Rose ...
text: Larry slows down on a side street. Frank turns to watch a
text: homeless man. The man looks back: it's Rose. The Rose face.
speaker_heading: FRANK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: She was on the sidewalk, not
text: breathing.
text: Frank turns to Larry:
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm not feeling very well, Larry. I
dialog: say we go back to the hospital and
dialog: call it a night.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: You have no sick time, Frank. No
dialog: time of any kind. Everyone knows
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Take me back, put me to bed; I
dialog: surrender. We've done enough damage
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: You take things too seriously. Look
text: at us, we're cruising around, talking,
dialog: taking some quiet time, getting paid
dialog: for it. We've got a good job here.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah, you're right.
text: Larry pulls into the Jacob Riis projects by the river, slows
text: to a stop. Larry cuts the lights, not bothering to inform
text: his partner what his partner already knows: they're taking
dialog: a rest.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RIIS PROJECTS--NIGHT
text: 13 Zebra sits in the quiet dark. Larry puffs a cigarette.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Tell me, you ever think of doing
dialog: anything else?
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Sure, I'm taking the captain's exam
text: next year. After the kids are in
dialog: school, Louise can go back to the
dialog: post office and, I thought, what the
dialog: hell, I'll start my own medic service.
text: Out on the Island the volunteers are
dialog: becoming salaried municipal. It's
dialog: just a matter of time and who you
dialog: know. Someday it's going to be Chief
text: Larry calling the shots.
text: Larry tosses the cigarette out the window, leans against the
text: door jab, closes his eyes. In a second he's asleep.
text: Frank turns down the radio volume: the calls are fewer and
text: further between now. Frank leans back, tries to rest:
speaker_heading: FRANK (V.O.)
dialog: I'd always had nightmares, but now
dialog: the ghosts didn't wait for me to
dialog: sleep. I drank every day. Help others
dialog: and you help yourself, that was my
dialog: motto, but I hadn't saved anyone in
dialog: months. It seemed all my patients
dialog: were dying. I'd waited, sure the
dialog: sickness would break, tomorrow night,
dialog: the next call, the feeling would
dialog: drop away. More than anything else I
dialog: wanted to sleep like that, close my
text: eyes and drift away ...
text: TIMECUT: radio wakes Frank from his reverie.
scene_heading: RADIO DISPATCHER
text: Zebra. One-three Zebra.
dialog: (Frank opens eyes)
dialog: Zebra, answer the radio. Come on,
dialog: I've got one for you. Pick up the
text: radio and push the button on the
text: side and speak into the front.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (answering call)
dialog: Zebra.
scene_heading: RADIO DISPATCHER
text: Male bleeding, corner of Houston and
dialog: One. No further information.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: Ten-four.
text: Frank hangs up, bangs Larry's steering wheel:
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: We have a call Chief. Somebody's
text: bleeding, Houston and First.
text: Larry instinctively reaches for the ignition key, starts the
text: engine, drops the ambulance into gear, hits lights, jerks
text: the EMS bus away, still half asleep.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSTON &amp; FIRST--NIGHT
text: 13 Zebra coming to a bone jarring stop at the corner. Getting
text: out of the techie seat, Frank sees Noel, his face bloody,
text: charging at him.
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: Kill me!
text: Noel has sliced up a tire and fastened the pieces with string
text: over his shoulders. Tin cans circle his wrists and ankles.
text: One hand carries a broken bottle, the other a stringless
dialog: violin.
text: Frank jumps back inside as Noel rams the window, leaving
text: stains from his blood-matted dreadlocks. Larry calls for
text: backup: medics, police, firemen, anybody.
text: The side window glass bends as Noel rams his head against
text: it. Frank reaches for the short club between the seats; Noel
text: holds the jagged bottle to his neck.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Noel, don't!
text: Noel drops the bottle. Frank rolls down the window.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: He's crazy.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You really think so?
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: See, I can't do it. I came out of
dialog: the desert.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You came out of the hospital. You
text: were tied down and hallucinating.
dialog: You got some bad chemicals in your
dialog: head, Noel. There's some medicine at
dialog: the hospital that will fix that.
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: No, no medicine!
text: Noel swings his bloody dreadlocks: Frank ducking, getting
text: splattered anyway, rolling up the window.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: He got you.
text: A BLACK PUNK calls from the crowd:
speaker_heading: BLACK PUNK
dialog: Do it! Man wants to die. Take him
dialog: out! I know how to kill that mother.
dialog: (points a finger)
dialog: Pop, pop.
text: Noel, spraying blood, chases the Punk. The crowd scatters.
text: Noel trips, falls to the sidewalk. Frank, carrying the short
text: bat, gets out, walks over, hunches beside Noel:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Noel, you didn't let me finish. We
dialog: have rules against killing people on
text: the street. Looks bad, but there's a
dialog: special room at the hospital for
text: terminating. A nice quiet room with
text: a big bed.
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: Oh man, do you mean that?
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Thank you man, thank you. How?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Well, you have your choice: pills,
dialog: injection, gas.
text: A siren draws closer, Noel gets to his feet as Larry opens
text: the rear doors.
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: I think pills. Yes, pills, definitely.
text: A second ambulance skids to a stop. TOM WALLS, 35, a 220
text: pound bald-headed bruiser, gets out.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Jesus, Tom Walls, that crazy
dialog: motherfucker.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Used to be my partner.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: Frank, this the guy you called about?
dialog: I know him.
dialog: (pushes Noel)
dialog: You give my friend here any trouble
dialog: and I'll kill you.
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: Yes, at the hospital.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: This looks like a very bad man I
dialog: took in a couple weeks ago, a man
dialog: who'd been holding two priests hostage
dialog: with a screwdriver. I told him if I
dialog: ever caught him making trouble again
dialog: I'd kick the murdering life outta
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It's not worth it, Tom. He's
text: surrendering.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: No prisoners. Don't worry, Frank,
dialog: just a little psychological first
dialog: aid.
text: Walls hauls back, swings at Noel; Noel ducks.
speaker_heading: WALLS (CONT'D)
dialog: Stay still, dammit!
text: Walls throws Noel against the bus, knocks him down, sets to
text: kicking him.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Don't do it, Tom!
text: Noel moans. Larry sticks his head out the back of the bus:
speaker_heading: LARRY
text: There's a double shooting three blocks-
text: up. First and Third. confirmed.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: We'll do it.
text: Walls releasing Noel as Noel scrambles into the bus, Frank
text: stepping over him, Larry climbing into the driver's seat,
text: Frank closing the doors. Noel trembles:
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: At the hospital. You told me at the
dialog: hospital.
text: Larry squeals off full gun, all sirens blaring: the Wah, the
text: Yelp, the Super Yelp. Strobe bar, side strobes, quarter panel
text: strobes. Rock n' roll.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST &amp; THIRD--NIGHT
text: Both EMS buses breaking to a stop at the crime scene, cops
text: holding the crowd back; Walls, Frank, Larry, Walls' partner
text: moving through the crowd.
scene_heading: FRANK &amp; WALLS
dialog: EMS. Move it!
speaker_heading: BYSTANDER
dialog: Man just walked up and shot 'em. Not
dialog: a word. Man, that was cold.
text: Two boys, DRUG DEALERS, lie bleeding on the sidewalk. Frank
text: drops to his knees beside one, Walls the other. Larry wheels
text: out the stretcher.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Drug Dealer)
dialog: Where you hit?
scene_heading: VOICE IN CROWD
text: Outlaw did this. He works for Cy.
text: Two white vials roll out of the Drug Dealer's shirt: marked
text: with red skull and crossbones. Frank looks over--they're
text: gone, swiped by eager hands.
text: Listening for a heartbeat, Frank calls to Walls:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Major Tom, I'm going to Misery. You
dialog: take yours to Bellvue.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. 13 ZEBRA EMS VEHICLE--NIGHT
text: Larry charging through the night while, in back, Frank,
text: stethoscope in his ears, wrapping a tourniquet around the
text: Drug Dealer's arm: he's dying fast.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You're gonna feel a stick in your
dialog: arm. Don't move.
speaker_heading: DRUG DEALER
dialog: I don't want to die.
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: I want to die. I'm the one.
speaker_heading: DRUG DEALER
dialog: Oh Jesus, I don't want to die.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You're not going to die.
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Noel)
dialog: Shut up. You're going to die and
dialog: he's not. Got it.
speaker_heading: DRUG DEALER
dialog: (weak)
dialog: Hold my hand.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I can't. I got to do the other arm.
speaker_heading: DRUG DEALER
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Noel)
dialog: Hold this--right there. If you let
dialog: go, I swear, I won't kill you.
text: Noel holds IV bag as Frank searches for a vein, inserts second
dialog: IV needle.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MERCY EMERGENCY--NIGHT
text: Larry pulls into Our Lady of Mercy Emergency. Frank says to
dialog: the boy:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It's all right. We're here.
text: No answer. Frank feels for a pulse, listens with the
text: stethoscope: nothing. Larry opens the doors.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Noel, let's go.
text: Frank turns to his partner:
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: He's not breathing. Call a code.
text: Larry and Frank pull the dead boy out of the bus.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MERCY ER--NIGHT
text: Frank finishes his report, hands a copy to the clerk, looks
text: around the now almost empty waiting area. John Burke sleeps
text: slumped in one of the chairs. Griss stands at his post.
text: Pulling out a pack of cigarettes, Frank steps outside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MERCY EMERGENCY--NIGHT
text: Frank exits, lights up. The sky is going blue. Inside the
text: open rear doors of 13 Zebra, Larry mops up bloody floor.
text: Mary Burke, weary, steps beside Frank.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Hello again.
text: He offers a cigarette. She accepts:
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: You shouldn't smoke.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It's okay. They're prescription.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Works better with a little whiskey.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: That's my brother's problem. He's
text: passed out inside.
text: Larry jumps theatrically out of the ambulance, swings the
text: mop wildly over his head:
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: That's it! I can't do it anymore!
text: Mary laughs once, less than a second. She notices blood stains
text: on Frank's shirt:
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: That boy you brought in, he was shot,
dialog: wasn't he?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: He's dead, huh?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I think this place stinks.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Our Lady of Misery.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Did you see my father?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: It's crazy in there. What's wrong
text: with that doctor? He keeps mumbling,
text: poking himself in the eye when he
dialog: talks to me.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: He's working a double shift.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Thing is, I'm supposed to be the
text: fuckup. The one on the stretcher in
dialog: there--that's supposed to be me.
dialog: With my parents crying out here. I
dialog: got a lot of guilt, you know what I
dialog: mean?
text: He does.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: My father's in a coma, now my mother's
text: going crazy. It's like she's in a
dialog: trance.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: She should go home.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'd take her, but then who would
dialog: stay here?
text: Frank looks at her, trying to say the right thing. He notices
text: Mrs. Burke coming from inside.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Here she is.
text: Mrs. Burke, dazed, steps out. They join her.
scene_heading: MRS. BURKE
dialog: It wasn't him.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You saw him?
scene_heading: MRS. BURKE
dialog: They showed me someone. It wasn't
dialog: him. It wasn't my husband.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Mrs. Burke, please, they'll take
dialog: care of him. You should go home now.
scene_heading: MRS. BURKE
dialog: I should know my own husband. They
dialog: wouldn't let me see him.
text: She drifts away. Frank speaks to Mary:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Larry and I'll drop her back home.
dialog: Help me get her to the ambulance.
scene_heading: MRS. BURKE
dialog: You want some coffee? I have some
dialog: apple sauce cake too.
text: They walk Mrs. Burke to 13 Zebra.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Thank you.
text: Mary watches as Larry backs up the EMS vehicle, Frank sitting
text: in the back with her mother, pulls into first light.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. 12TH STREET--EARLY MORNING
text: Larry dropping Frank off at the corner of First and Sixteenth,
text: driving on.
text: It is as if the sun has risen on a different city, different
text: from the one which Frank drove through the night before: a
text: city of crumbling neighborhoods laid bare by sunlight; a
text: city of day people, getting up, having breakfast, going to
dialog: work.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FRANK'S APARTMENT--DAY
text: Frank's studio apartment betrays a minimal existence: single
text: bed, table, fridge and stove, loveseat, bookshelf, television.
text: The bookshelf contains a CD player, medical texts, old
dialog: schoolbooks ("Romantic Poetry"), paperback novels and,
text: incongruously, a picture book of women's fashion.
text: A framed commendation from the New York Fire Department hangs
text: beside and open closet of work clothes, corduroy jacket, two
text: ties on a hook. Remnants of a fast food breakfast on the
text: table. Aluminum foil covers the windows, blocking out the
dialog: sunlight.
text: Frank stands bareback at the single open window, smoking,
text: drinking from a glass of whiskey, looking across the gray
text: cityscape of high rises and water tanks: winding down from
dialog: the night's work:
speaker_heading: FRANK (V.O.)
dialog: Saving someone's life is like falling
text: in love, the best drug in the world.
dialog: For days, sometimes weeks afterwards,
dialog: you walk the street making infinite
dialog: whatever you see. Once, for weeks I
dialog: couldn't feel the earth. Everything
text: I touched became light. Horns played
dialog: in my shoes; flowers fell from my
dialog: pockets ...
text: TIME DISSOLVES: Frank paces the room. Pours himself another
dialog: drink.
speaker_heading: FRANK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: You wonder if you've become immortal,
dialog: as if you saved your own life as
dialog: well. What was once criminal and
text: happenstance suddenly makes sense.
dialog: God has passed through you, why deny
dialog: it, that for a moment there, God was
dialog: you.
text: TIME DISSOLVE: window is closed. Frank tosses in his sleep.
text: Nightstand alarm buzzes. Frank sits up, looks at the clock.
text: Stretching his neck, he walks over to the sink, runs water
text: on his hands and face.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EMS GARAGE--NIGHT
dialog: The maintenance garage and dispatch office adjacent to our
dialog: Lady of Mercy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EMS GARAGE OFFICE--NIGHT
text: Frank standing on one foot before the desk of CAPTAIN BARNEY,
text: 50, ex-paramedic and lifetime civil servant.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Good morning, Captain.
text: Capt. Barney looks over to MISS WILLIAMS, his secretary,
text: seated at a desk perpendicular to his:
scene_heading: CAPT. BARNEY
dialog: What am I going to to do with this
dialog: guy?
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: Pierce, I was just on the phone with
dialog: Borough Command. Out of twelve shifts
dialog: this month, you've been late for
dialog: nine, sick four and that includes
dialog: the shift where you came late and
dialog: went home early.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'm sick. That's what I've been
dialog: telling you.
scene_heading: CAPT. BARNEY
dialog: You're killing me, you know that?
dialog: You got no sick time according to
dialog: Command. I've been told to terminate.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It's okay. I'll just get my things
text: out of the locker.
scene_heading: CAPT. BARNEY
dialog: I've never fired anyone in my life.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'm sorry Captain. Don't take it too
dialog: hard.
scene_heading: CAPT. BARNEY
dialog: Nobody tells me to fire anyone. I
dialog: told them: shove it up the big one.
dialog: (looks at Miss Williams)
dialog: Sorry.
dialog: (back to Frank)
dialog: I said, you want to fire him, come
dialog: over and do it yourself.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You know they won't do it. It's up
dialog: to you. You gotta be strong.
scene_heading: CAPT. BARNEY
dialog: I feel for you, but we got an
dialog: emergency here. It's a weekend of
dialog: full moons. Everyone's called in
text: sick. Larry, Veeber, Stanley too.
dialog: We need bodies out there. I had to
dialog: put Marcus on Twelve Young. You know
dialog: he's not supposed to work two nights
text: in a row.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You swore you'd fire me if I came in
text: late again.
scene_heading: CAPT. BARNEY
dialog: I'll fire you tomorrow. Hell, better
dialog: than that, I'll forward you some
dialog: sick time. A week, two weeks off--
dialog: how about that?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don't think a week's gonna do it.
scene_heading: CAPT. BARNEY
dialog: I'm sorry, Pierce.
dialog: (hands Frank keys)
dialog: You're going out with Marcus. Duty
dialog: calls. The City needs you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SECOND AVENUE--NIGHT
text: 12 Young heading downtown, lights off, slowing down for cross
text: streets. At the wheel: MARCUS, 45, black, reserved, chin
text: erect, seeming too old for the job. Frank rides techie.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: My Lord mother man, you look like
dialog: hell. What were you drinking?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: The captain almost fired me tonight.
dialog: I'm on my way out. Anytime now.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Nobody gets fired. Look at me. Only
dialog: thing they might do is transfer you
dialog: to the Bronx. You look like you aged
dialog: ten years since I rode with you last.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: The ghosts--
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: You ever notice people who see shit
dialog: always, are crazy?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I think the worst is over.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: It can always get worse. You can't
dialog: change what's out there, only where
dialog: you're coming from. You got to let
dialog: the Lord take over, in here.
dialog: (points to Frank's
dialog: chest)
text: LOVE, a black, tough-talking female dispatcher, comes on the
dialog: radio:
scene_heading: DISPATCHER LOVE
text: Twelve Young.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Let's go, Twelve Young. Answer the
dialog: radio.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Hey, Marcus, it's Love. I haven't
dialog: heard her in months.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: She only works when I'm on. I make
text: her wait and it drives her crazy.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Is it true that you and Love went on
dialog: a blind date?
dialog: (Marcus looks away)
dialog: She hit you with a bottle?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: She loves me the way no woman ever
dialog: has.
scene_heading: DISPATCHER LOVE
dialog: Twelve Young, I don't have time for
dialog: your games. Now answer me or do I
dialog: have to come out there myself?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I usually don't do calls before
dialog: coffee. But I think it might do you
dialog: some good.
dialog: (picks up mike)
dialog: Twelve Young is here and I'm gonna
dialog: take care of you, baby. Don't you
dialog: worry about a thing, yahear, cause
text: Marcus is alive and on arrival.
scene_heading: DISPATCHER LOVE
dialog: I'm not your baby, Young, I'm not
dialog: your mother either. You're going to
dialog: a cardiac arrest, Avenue C and Ninth,
dialog: northeast corner. It's a club. Take
text: the side entrance.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Ten-four, hon.
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: This is for you.
text: Marcus flips on the lights and siren.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NINTH &amp; AVENUE C--NIGHT
text: Marcus grabs the yellow airway bag, leaving Frank to lug the
text: three heavier pieces as they push their way through the crowd
text: toward a black jacketed DOORMAN holding a walkie-talkie:
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (to crowd)
dialog: I hope we're not late from you guys
dialog: holding us up here.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CLUB BACKSTAGE--NIGHT
text: The Doorman leads Frank and Marcus through the smoky graffiti-
text: covered backstage ante-rooms to a cubicle where a knot of
text: club types and band members hover around IB BANGIN, 18 year-
text: old white rapper, face up, blank-eyed and breathless on dirt-
text: impacted carpet. Hip-hop music echoes from the club PA.
text: Frank kneels beside IB Bangin, taking a pulse, realizing
text: it's the gray and black stage makeup making him seem DOA. He
text: pulls up IB Bangin's eyelid, shines a light into the pupil.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Okay, what happened?
speaker_heading: DRUMMER
dialog: He's going to be all right, right?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
text: No. He's dead.
speaker_heading: DRUMMER
dialog: No way, man.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: He's dead and there's nothing we can
dialog: do. Come on, Frank, that's it.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (whispers)
text: He's not dead. It's a heroin overdose.
text: Break out the Narcon.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (announcing)
dialog: He's dead unless you folks want to
dialog: stop bullshitting me and tell it
dialog: straight. Then, Lord willing, we'll
dialog: try to bring him back.
speaker_heading: BYSTANDER
text: He broke up with his old lady.
speaker_heading: GIRLFRIEND
dialog: We didn't break up. We were just
text: seeing other people.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I'm still waiting and this young man
text: is still dead.
speaker_heading: BYSTANDER
dialog: She broke his heart.
text: The Girlfriend shoots a look at the Bystander. Marcus just
text: stands, hands on hips, silent. Frank opens the drug box.
text: The Drummer relents:
speaker_heading: DRUMMER
dialog: All right, all right, he's been
dialog: snorting that Red Death stuff. Been
dialog: going for four days.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (brings hands together)
dialog: What's his name?
speaker_heading: DRUMMER
dialog: IB Bangin.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: What'd you mean IB Bangin? What kind
dialog: of name is IB Bangin?
speaker_heading: GIRLFRIEND
dialog: (Hesitant)
dialog: It's Frederick. Frederick Smith.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (to body)
dialog: Okay, Freddy.
speaker_heading: GIRLFRIEND
dialog: It's Frederick.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Okay, IB Bangin, we're gonna bring
dialog: you back. Every person here grab the
dialog: hand of the person next to you.
text: Marcus assists them as Frank breaks the cellophane off a
text: syringe, locates a vial of Narcon. Frank gives Marcus the
text: high sign--Marcus raises his hands:
speaker_heading: MARCUS (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh Lord, here I am again to ask one
dialog: more chance for a sinner. Bring back
dialog: IB Bangin, Lord. You have the power,
dialog: the might, the super light, to spare
dialog: this worthless man.
text: Frank injects IB Bangin: he responds to the Narcon with a
text: jolt, opening his eyes, raising his hands.
speaker_heading: GIRLFRIEND
dialog: (kneeling)
dialog: Frederick!
speaker_heading: BYSTANDER
dialog: Oh wow, man. Oh wow.
speaker_heading: IB BANGIN
dialog: (sick)
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: GIRLFRIEND
dialog: You died, you stupid bastard. I warned
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: DRUMMER
dialog: You guys are awesome.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to IB Bangin)
dialog: C'mon.
text: Frank and the Girlfriend guide IB Bangin to the door as Marcus
text: collects the gear.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Not us. The first step is Love. The
dialog: second is Mercy.
text: He follows Frank, IB Bangin and Girlfriend out, calling for
text: the crowd to clear.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MERCY ER--NIGHT
text: IB Bangin sitting with Nurse Constance in triage. Past Griss,
text: Frank talks with Dr. Hazmat:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That guy I brought in yesterday,
text: post-cardiac arrest. He's gone.
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
dialog: Burke. You won't believe it. He's
text: showing cognitive signs. He started
text: with spontaneous respiration, now
text: he's fighting to pull out the tube.
text: Had to sedate him. He's in a CAT
dialog: scan. I'm giving him every test I
dialog: can: thromboytics, steroids,
dialog: nitrodrips, heparin.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
dialog: Who knows? It's all lower-brain-stem-
text: activity. The heart refuses to
dialog: stabilize--he's coded eleven times
dialog: since he got here. This guy's a
dialog: fighter. Every time the Valium wears
text: off he starts yanking those
dialog: restraints.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: The family know?
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
dialog: I wanted to bring them in, to see if
dialog: he'd respond to voices, but they
text: weren't in the waiting room. The
dialog: guy's daughter was in my face all
dialog: last night and when I finally have
dialog: something positive to tell her, she's
dialog: gone.
text: Frank nods, walks down Skid Row, passing Nurse Constance
dialog: lecturing IB Bangin:
scene_heading: NURSE CONSTANCE
dialog: ... you put poison in your veins and
dialog: now that you're breathing again you
dialog: can't wait to say thank you and go
dialog: back to poison shopping. Well, since
dialog: we saved your life, maybe you could
dialog: do us a favor and stop breathing in
dialog: another city next time ...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST AVE--NIGHT
text: 12 Young heading up the avenue.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: I ever tell you about the time years
dialog: ago I was on this ledge uptown, trying
dialog: to talk this psycho inside?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Where the guy jumped and you almost
dialog: fell. No, you never told me that
dialog: story.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: No, you never listened. I was going,
dialog: man, if someone on high hadn't pulled
dialog: me in. I had put all I had into saving
dialog: this dumbass lowlife suicidal that
dialog: when he went down, there was a part
dialog: of me that wanted to go with him.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Make a left here. I want to stop.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BURKE APT. BUILDING--NIGHT
text: Marcus stops the ambulance on 17th Street.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'll be right back.
text: Frank gets out, walks over to the intercom, pushes the button
text: for 5A. Mary answers:
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Hello, I'm Frank Pierce, from the
dialog: ambulance last night. I brought your
dialog: father into the hospital and I just
dialog: learned some news.
speaker_heading: MARY (V.O.)
dialog: I'll be right down.
text: Mary appears in a white sweater and simple gray skirt like
text: schoolgirls wear. The dark makeup is gone. She looks happy.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: He's better, isn't he?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Well, the doctor says he's showing
dialog: some movement. It's still early, it
dialog: might mean nothing, but I thought
dialog: you'd want to know.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I knew. I sensed it when I heard
dialog: your voice.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You look so different.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I know. It's awful, isn't it? Night
text: of the Living Cheerleaders.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I think it looks good.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I was going nuts in that waiting
dialog: room so I came back to check on my
dialog: mom.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: How is she?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Sleeping.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I was just going to get some food.
dialog: Pizza. Maybe we could.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You can't kill my father that easy.
dialog: He'll fight forever. Like with me:
dialog: hasn't talked to me in three years.
dialog: But it's okay. Sometimes you have to
dialog: put things behind you.
text: Mary steps to the curb, raises her hand for a taxi. None in
dialog: sight.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Be tough to get a taxi here. We can
dialog: give you a ride if you like.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: Okay.
text: Frank opens the back doors of the bus, climbs in behind Mary.
text: They sit on the bench opposite the stretcher.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Who's that?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: She's the daughter of a cardiac arrest
dialog: I brought in last night. I told her
dialog: we'd give her a ride back to Misery.
text: Her father's showing signs of
dialog: improving.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Oh, Frank, you've got it bad, so
dialog: much worse than I thought.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'm hungry too. We gotta get some
dialog: food after this.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: God help us, he's hungry too.
text: Marcus turns on the radio, an old song from the sixties, as
text: they head uptown.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MERCY CRITICAL CARE--NIGHT
text: Frank and Mary walking past the triage station toward the
text: curtained corner where her father lies. Next to Burke, Dr.
text: Hazmat assists an AIDS patient amid a forest of IV tubing.
text: Mr. Burke lies prone, two IV lines hung from poles, intubated
text: by a hose running to the ventilator, a NG tube covering his
text: nose. His eyes are permanently half open. Burke's hands and
text: feet are tied by white nylon restraints. Mary takes her
text: father's hand as Frank pulls the curtain.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Dad, can you hear me?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Open your eyes if you can hear me.
text: A nearby patient SCREAMS. Mary Burke SCREAMS too:
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: He squeezed my hand!
text: Dr. Hazmat and MILAGROS, an intern, walk over.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: He's moving, Doctor. He grabbed my
dialog: hand. Move your hand, Dad, one more
dialog: time.
text: (Burke's hand twitches))
dialog: See. See.
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
dialog: I'll be damned.
dialog: (check's Burke's pupils)
text: It's movement, but I'm not sure how
dialog: voluntary.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: He hears me. Open your eyes, Dad.
text: Burke's eyes fully open. His cheeks ripple and his lips smack
text: against the tube between them. His back arches, his body
text: shakes, his arms yank at their restraints as if reaching to
text: pull out the wires and tubes. Green lights dance across the
text: EKG screen, ALARMS sound: first the cardiac monitor, next
text: the ventilator.
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
dialog: Nurse Crupp, I need ten milligrams
text: of Valium.
text: Hazmat and Milagros hold down Burke's arms as Crupp prepares
text: the Valium. Mary backs away.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Why don't we go outside for a little
text: while, wait until this passes.
text: They step away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM--NIGHT
text: Passing Griss (reading anti-white agitprop) and waiting room
text: regulars, Frank leads Mary to a small rectangular paramedic
text: locker area: sofa, desk, two banks of gray lockers, walls
text: decorated with hospital rules and regulations.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: He wants to pull that tube out. It's
dialog: pretty painful--that's why they keep
text: him sedated--but it's a good sign.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You sure? I know my father would
dialog: hate to be tied down. He wouldn't
dialog: even go to the dentist.
text: He sits across from her, wishing he could be in three seats
text: at once, each to watch her from a different angle.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That's how it's done. You have to
dialog: keep the body going until the brain
dialog: and heart recover enough to go on
dialog: their own.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: He's better, though, right?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (reluctant)
dialog: He's better.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Look, I'm sorry, but it's important
dialog: to me. I mean, a week ago I was
dialog: wishing he was dead. And now I want
text: hear his voice again, just once more--
dialog: you know what I mean?
text: Marcus enters with a small pizza and two cokes.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Went over to Sal's got this. There
dialog: must be some place in Hell for a guy
dialog: who sells a dollar-fifty a slice. I
dialog: call you if anything comes up.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Thanks.
text: Marcus exits.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'm not really hungry.
text: She says as she picks up a slice of cheese pizza.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: My father was a great man, you know.
dialog: There was nobody he wouldn't help.
dialog: You know that crazy guy Noel who I
dialog: gave water to last night? He lived
dialog: in our house for almost a year. A
dialog: total stranger he'd do anything for,
dialog: his own family though ...
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It's best not to ...
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: It's good pizza, huh?
speaker_heading: MARY
text: Not as good as Nino's.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You remember that pizza place, Joe's
dialog: on Tenth Street maybe fifteen years
dialog: ago? When you ordered a pie it came
text: with a little plastic madonna in the
dialog: middle?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Yeah, or Saint Anthony. You from the
dialog: neighborhood?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I grew up on Elizabeth. I went to
dialog: Blessed Sacrament.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: On yeah? I went to Holy Name. Where'd
dialog: you go to high school?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We moved out after that. Upstate.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Like everybody else--except us. Always
text: standing on the sidewalk waving
dialog: goodbye to moving trucks. Your parents
dialog: ... ?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: They're fine. My old man was a bus
dialog: driver, mom a nurse--I was sort of
dialog: born to it, I guess.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You married?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Ah, no. I was.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It's hard to explain. She had a hard
dialog: time adjusting to, well, maybe it
dialog: was my fault too.
text: Pause. This thought hangs in the air. From outside: a
text: BELLICOSE DRUNK is escorted into the ER.
speaker_heading: DRUNK (O.S.)
dialog: White cocksuckers! Get your--Ow!
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Is it always this bad in here? I
dialog: mean, how does anyone survive?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It's been bad lately, but it's always
dialog: bad.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: How long you been doing this?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Five years.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Wow, you musta seen some things,
dialog: huh? What's the worst thing you ever
dialog: seen?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You learn to sort of block it out,
dialog: you know, like cops fence off a crime
dialog: scene. But then something good will
dialog: happen and everything will just glow.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You must get a lot of overdoses. I
dialog: bet you picked me up a couple of
dialog: times.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I think I'd remember that.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Maybe not. I was a different person
dialog: then. Does everybody you meet spill
dialog: their problems on you like this?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Mostly. It must be my face. My mother
dialog: always said I looked like a priest.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (wipes her mouth)
dialog: I better go check on my father. Thanks
dialog: for the pizza. I owe you one. Maybe
dialog: when he gets better, you know, when
dialog: we're done with all this.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Sure.
text: Frank puts his hand out but she's already on her feet. He
text: grabs the last slice of pizza, hands it to Griss as she heads
text: back to Critical Care.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Look after her, Griss, okay?
text: Griss nods.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CANAL STREET--NIGHT
text: 12 Young back on the job, moving with traffic.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Rule number one: Don't get involved
dialog: with patients. Rule number two: Don't
dialog: get involved with patient's daughters.
dialog: You understand?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What about rule number three: Don't
dialog: get involved with dispatchers named
dialog: Love.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: You don't know the first thing about
dialog: rule number three, cannot begin to
dialog: understand the complexities of that
dialog: rule. Come on, let's go look at some
text: hookers. The Kit Kat will be letting
dialog: out.
dialog: (relevant to nothing)
dialog: Don't ever call a junkie whore a
dialog: crackhead. They get real mad.
text: Marcus swings up First Ave:
speaker_heading: MARCUS (CONT'D)
dialog: Look at these women. You can't even
dialog: tell who's a hooker anymore. Whatever
dialog: happened to go-go boots and hot pants?
dialog: They wear anything now, walk outta
dialog: the house with whatever they got
dialog: on ...
text: Frank watches night tableaus (police cars flashing, lovers
text: kissing, woman crying hysterically, drunken slugfest) as his
dialog: mind wanders:
speaker_heading: FRANK (V.O.)
dialog: The street is so much more
dialog: unpredictable than the ER and to
dialog: prepare for the unexpected I was
dialog: taught to act without thinking, like
text: an army private who can take apart
text: and reassemble a gun blindfolded ...
text: Frank notices another EMS bus: Tom Walls wheeling a stretcher--
text: Noel, face bloodied, lies restrained as Walls' partner opens
text: the rear doors.
speaker_heading: FRANK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I realized that my training was useful
dialog: in less than ten percent of the calls
dialog: and saving someone's life was rarer
dialog: than that. As the years went by I
dialog: grew to understand that my role was
dialog: less about saving lives than about
dialog: bearing witness. I was a grief mop
dialog: and much of my job was to remove, if
text: even for a short time, the grief
dialog: starter or the grief product. It was
dialog: enough I simply showed up.
text: Marcus continues as if uninterrupted:
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: ... look at her. Leaves you no idea
text: what's underneath, not even a
dialog: suggestion. Could be a skeleton for
dialog: all you know.
text: They pass a working girl in a rain slicker who pulls off her
text: hood to look at them: a familiar face.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (CONT'D)
text: Nice though, pulling back her hood
text: as we drive by. There's a mystery to
dialog: it, then she shows you.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: She's no whore, Marcus.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: We're all whores, Frank. You know
dialog: what I'm talking about, the way she
dialog: looked at me.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: She wasn't looking at you, man, she
text: was looking at me.
text: Frank, looking back at the Rose face, hears her faintly say:
speaker_heading: "ROSE"
dialog: Why did you kill me, Frank?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I didn't kill you.
text: Marcus, not hearing "Rose's" voice, replies:
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: No, you didn't, Frank, thank you.
dialog: But there's still a couple hours
text: left on the shift.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I need a drink, that's all.
text: Dispatcher Love's voice cuts through:
scene_heading: DISPATCHER LOVE
dialog: Twelve Young, answer the radio. I
dialog: have a call for you.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: She said to me, I love the way you
text: talk on the radio.
scene_heading: DISPATCHER LOVE
dialog: I can't wait all night, Young. I'm
dialog: holding a priority and if you don't
dialog: answer I'm going to knock you out of
dialog: service.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (keys radio)
dialog: Don't worry, hon. Young is here and
dialog: he's gonna help out--just remember,
dialog: you owe me.
scene_heading: DISPATCHER LOVE
dialog: You're going to three-four Avenue C,
text: 17 year-old female cardiac arrest,
dialog: no further information.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Ten-four, hon.
text: Marcus hits the siren.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RUNDOWN TENEMENT--NIGHT
text: Frank and Marcus standing in a no-income apartment with their
text: cardiac equipment. MARIA, a 17 year-old Hispanic girl, lies
text: moaning and breathing shallow on a ratty sofa. CARLOS, her
text: equally young boyfriend, watches anxiously, holding a candle
dialog: for light.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Look at that. A fat junkie. That's a
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Maria)
dialog: What's wrong.
dialog: Carlos speaks broken English:
speaker_heading: CARLOS
text: No English. She has terrible pain in
text: her belly.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (hands on stomach)
text: Pregnant.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: No, no, that's impossible.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Are you pregnant? Estas embarazada?
text: Maria shakes her head, looks away.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Can you walk? Puedes caminar?
speaker_heading: CARLOS
text: She say she in great pain.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Thanks for the translation.
dialog: (to Maria)
dialog: What's your name? Nombre?
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: Maria.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Let's have a look.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (to Carlos)
dialog: You know each other a long time?
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Two years. Ever since we left island.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: In that time, you ever have sex?
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Never. No cigarettes, no drugs, no
dialog: booze.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: No underwear?
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: We are virgins.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (inspecting Maria)
dialog: Oh Jesus, we'd better go. Call for
dialog: backup.
text: Marcus radioing for assistance.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
text: It's coming.
dialog: (to Carlos)
text: Hold her down.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: What's that, Frank?
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: Three legs.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: That's too many.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Backup?
speaker_heading: MARCUS
text: It's coming.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Is she dying?
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: She's having a baby. Twins.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: Es impossible.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You can trust me on this one.
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: It's a miracle.
text: Maria SCREAMS. Marcus kneels beside Frank as a distant EMS
text: siren grows louder.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You take the first one.
text: Frank looks up at the screaming mother: it's not her face.
text: It's Rose. The Rose face.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MERCY ER--NIGHT
text: Frank rushing past Nurse Constance, carrying a newborn in
text: thermal wrap, passing Noel restrained on a gurney:
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: She had a pulse.
scene_heading: NURSE CONSTANCE
dialog: Code! Code Blue!
text: Hazmat rushing over:
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
dialog: Oh Jesus, put her on the monitor.
dialog: Where's the pediatric code cart?
dialog: (Odette arriving with
dialog: cart)
dialog: Odette give me that tube. All right,
dialog: flatline--let's do CPR. step back,
dialog: Frank. How many months?
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: Can't tell. It was a breech, twins.
text: The other one seems okay, though.
text: Marcus is taking him and the mother
dialog: to Maternity.
text: Across the room an obscenity-spouting FEMALE CRACKHEAD being
text: restrained by a patrolman and hospital security--adding to
text: the sense of emergency and chaos. DR. MISHRA, 50, Pediatric
text: MD, and nurses squeeze toward newborn edging Frank back.
text: Mishra takes an osteocatheter out of the cart, forces it
text: into the now obscured baby as Nurse Constance massages the
text: infant's chest.
text: Hazmat steps over to the now restrained Crackhead.
speaker_heading: CRACKHEAD
dialog: I'm a mother! I got a daughter! I
dialog: got rights!
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
dialog: (to nurse)
dialog: 10 mil Valium, stat.
text: Mishra, worried, checks with Nurse Constance--they're losing
dialog: the newborn:
speaker_heading: MISHRA
dialog: Status.
scene_heading: NURSE CONSTANCE
text: I think there's a pulse. I think.
text: Frank looking at the EKG monitor--a green flatline--backs
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: MISHRA
dialog: Fuck.
scene_heading: NURSE CONSTANCE
dialog: Nothing.
text: Frank walking away, not looking where he's going, backs into
text: Noel's gurney.
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: Excuse me, sir, excuse me, I would
dialog: please trouble you for one cup of
dialog: water. The smallest thing in the
dialog: world to ask for, water. A man is
dialog: dying and that is me.
text: Noel, his face battered from his encounter with Walls, pulls
text: at his restraints, howls:
speaker_heading: NOEL (CONT'D)
dialog: For days I've eaten nothing but sand,
dialog: O Lord, I waited so long.
text: Hazmat looks over:
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
dialog: Christ. Who the hell woke him up?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CANAL STREET--NIGHT
text: 12 Young on the road again, sky turning blue.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Don't give me that look.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: What look?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You know what I'm talking about.
dialog: It's all over your face. That I-just-
text: saved-a-little-baby-boy look.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: We just saved a little baby boy.
dialog: Think of it that way.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don't want to hear about it, okay?
dialog: That's three jobs for the night.
text: It's over. Three jobs and time for a
text: drink. Six am, the cocktail hour.
dialog: Pass the bottle; I know you're
dialog: holding.
text: Marcus reaches under the seat, pulls a pint of vodka, a quart
text: of orange juice and two cups out of an old gym bag, passes
dialog: them to Frank.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
text: The bar is now open.
text: Frank mixes a screwdriver for Marcus, straight vodka for
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I hate vodka.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Please, a little decorum if you will.
dialog: What I was going to say is, is that
dialog: holding that baby in my arms, I felt
dialog: like I was twenty-one again. A call
dialog: like that makes me think of going
dialog: back to three nights a week, not
text: two, start running again, cut down
text: on the drinking.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (pours drink)
dialog: I'll drink to that.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: (raises cup)
dialog: Here's to the greatest job in the
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (knocks vodka back)
dialog: Greatest job in the world.
scene_heading: DISPATCHER LOVE
dialog: Twelve Young, I have priorities
text: holding. Pick up the radio.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Don't do it, Marcus. Tell her the
dialog: bus died, our radio's not working,
dialog: our backs are out. Tell her we're
text: too drunk to take any more calls.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: Let's do it!
dialog: (keys mike)
dialog: It's Marcus, Love, only for you.
scene_heading: DISPATCHER LOVE
dialog: Male diff breather, approximately
dialog: 30, Houston and A.
speaker_heading: MARCUS
text: Ten-four.
text: Marcus hits the sirens and lights, accelerates to full speed.
text: The vodka spills; Frank grabs the dash.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm coming, Love! I'm coming!
text: Marcus swings the bus wildly to avoid a cab, SKIDS into a
text: turn--and smack toward a parked truck. Frank covers his face
text: and screams.
text: CRASH! The back of the ambulance rams into the truck, the
text: rear windows shatter.
speaker_heading: MARCUS (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit.
text: Frank looks around, realizes no one is hurt. He climbs out:
speaker_heading: MARCUS (CONT'D)
dialog: Where you going?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I quit! I'm through!
speaker_heading: MARCUS
dialog: You can't leave me now.
text: Frank walks up Avenue A, leaving Marcus and the disabled
text: vehicle. The first rays of sun strike the buildings ahead.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MERCY EMERGENCY--DAYBREAK
text: Frank turning the corner, checking his watch, about to enter
text: the Dark Bar across the corner from the hospital, watching
text: Noel run past him and away, skipping from one foot to the
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: So long, Noel.
text: The Emergency doors open: Mary Burke, head down, looking
text: neither direction, walks away from Frank. Griss steps out
text: after her. Frank joins him:
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: What's going on, Griss?
speaker_heading: GRISS
dialog: Your friend there just untied the
text: water beggar. Griss was coming out
text: to thank her. Probably saved Griss a
dialog: murder charge.
dialog: (about Mary)
text: Having a tough time of it.
text: Mary starts to run. Frank follows. She pushes her way through
text: a group of high schoolers; Frank does likewise, keeping his
dialog: distance.
text: Five blocks later, Mary hesitates at a plaza outside the
dialog: Stuyvesant Town projects,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STUYVESANT TOWN--MORNING
text: Frank stops a few steps away from Mary; Mary turns.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Excuse me. You seemed like you were
dialog: in trouble.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (steps over)
dialog: I'm all right. I just can't stand to
text: see people tied up. I'm in the
text: waiting room for hours, listening to
text: Noel screaming. The only reason he's
text: screaming is 'cause he's tied up.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Don't seem so bad to me.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Don't say that. I wanted to cut my
dialog: father loose too. They told me he
dialog: almost died and five minutes later
dialog: they say he's better and I go in.
dialog: It's killing me seeing him fighting
dialog: like that.
dialog: (gazes up building)
dialog: Look, since you're here, maybe you
dialog: could do me a favor. I need you to
dialog: wait for me outside this building,
dialog: okay? I have to visit a friend who's
dialog: sick.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Okay.
text: Mary takes a few steps, turns back.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I'm only asking because it's a
dialog: dangerous building. There's been
text: some robberies, a woman was raped
dialog: not long ago. This woman I'm seeing,
dialog: she'll want to talk to me all day,
dialog: but if I can point to you out the
dialog: window and say you're waiting, I can
dialog: be out quick. if anything happens,
dialog: I'll be in apartment 16M.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Maybe I should come up with you.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: If I'm not back in fifteen minutes,
text: hit the buzzer. That way she'll let
dialog: me go.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Nothing's going to happen. I'll come
dialog: with you.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No, I'll be fine. I'm just visiting
text: a sick friend.
text: She walks into the building. He follows.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR--DAY
text: The dinged metal doors shudder shut as Frank follows Mary
text: into the graffittied elevator. It jumps three feet upwards,
text: stops, then continues, metal scraping concrete at each passing
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I shouldn't have asked you to come.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You asked me not to come.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Promise you won't go inside.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: Fifteen minutes.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I just have to relax a little. Not
dialog: feel so guilty all the time.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: We can still go back. I'll walk you
dialog: home. You sleep a couple of hours,
dialog: watch some TV, take a bath.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Don't be a cop. If you have any doubts
dialog: about this, it's my fault.
text: The elevator jerks to a stop; the doors open.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SIXTEENTH FLOOR--MORNING
text: Mary turns to Frank:
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You go on home, okay. I'm fine,
dialog: really. I don't need you. Thanks.
text: Mary pushes the bell at 16M. KANITA, 25, wearing a paisley
text: robe, opens the doors and says:
speaker_heading: KANITA
dialog: Hey Cy, guess who's here?
speaker_heading: COATES (O.S.)
dialog: Mary ...
text: The elevator doors close on Frank.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY--MORNING
text: Frank paces past the sleeping security guard, checks his
dialog: watch.
text: He presses the elevator button.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE OASIS--MORNING
text: The door to 16M opens:
speaker_heading: KANITA
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Mary Burke. She's a friend.
speaker_heading: KANITA
dialog: She's not here.
text: Frank pushes past her.
speaker_heading: KANITA (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait a minute. You can't go in.
text: CY COATES, 45, light-skinned black, stands in the smoky room.
text: Dark curtained windows block the sunlight; a dirty fish tank
text: casts a green glow across the beat-up furniture.
text: A large framed photo of a volcano hangs over the couch.
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: It's okay, Kanita. Come on in.
speaker_heading: KANITA
text: He looks like a cop.
speaker_heading: COATES
text: He's not a cop, he's a medic.
dialog: (extends hand)
dialog: I'm CY Coates.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Frank Pierce.
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: Mary said you might be coming.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Where is she?
speaker_heading: COATES
text: Sleeping in the back.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: She asked me to pick her up.
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: I know, but she told me to tell you
dialog: she wants to crash here a few hours.
dialog: Terrible about her father, isn't it?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I better just go in and see her.
text: Kanita sits on the sofa next to an unshaven sleeping man.
text: Coates gestures:
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: I call this the Oasis. Refuge from
dialog: the world out there. Did you know
dialog: two people were shot in this building
dialog: last week?
text: Frank heads down the hall toward the rear of the apartment;
text: Coates follows. They pass an open door where inside TIGER, a
text: fat man with dried blood running down the corner of his mouth,
text: sits punching computer keys at a desk.
speaker_heading: COATES (CONT'D)
dialog: Careful. That's the Tiger. The lady's
dialog: down the hall. Welcome to Sunrise
text: Enterprises, Frank, the stress-free
dialog: factory.
text: In the NEXT ROOM Mary lies on a mattress on the floor, yellow
text: sheet pulled up to her neck. Frank leans over her:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Mary. Mary, we've got to get going.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: (groggy)
dialog: No, no.
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: She wanted something to help her
dialog: sleep.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Mary, we really have to go.
text: Mary blindly swings her fist at him, collapses unconscious
text: back to the mattress.
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: Frank, she's suffered enough. She's
dialog: okay, I promise.
text: (puts hand on Frank's
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: C'mon, Frank.
text: Coates escorts Frank back to the LIVING ROOM.
speaker_heading: COATES (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm always interested in people in
dialog: stressful occupations and being a
dialog: paramedic is about as stressful as I
dialog: can imagine. Here, sit down. What's
dialog: it like? Tell me some war stories.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (sits)
dialog: Got a beer?
text: Cy sits across from him, pulls out a pin-sized joint, lights
dialog: it:
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: That shit is poison, Frank. We don't
dialog: drink alcohol here. What you need is
dialog: one of these.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Did you give Mary something called
dialog: Red Death?
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: Red Death?
dialog: (passes joint to Kanita)
dialog: Tell me something, Frank--does killing
dialog: your clients make good business sense
dialog: to you? The kids selling that shit
dialog: have no sense. They'll be taken care
dialog: of, don't worry about that.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I should be going. I just quit.
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: Sleep is all stress reduction. Here.
dialog: (offers white pill)
dialog: You take one of these, sleep two
dialog: hours, that's all you need.
dialog: (Frank hesitates)
dialog: Why do you think I'm telling you
dialog: this, Frank--for my health? You
dialog: ought to look at yourself in the
dialog: mirror, man. Kanita, get him a glass
dialog: of water.
text: Frank watches as Kanita gets up, walks to the kitchen. Coates
text: places the pill in his hand.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Is this what you gave Mary?
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: That's the stuff. I call it the Red
dialog: Lion. Very king-of-the-jungle.
text: No language, only brute power. You can't believe how relaxing
dialog: it is.
text: Kanita returns with a glass of water, gives it to Frank;
text: Coates stands, feeds the fish.
speaker_heading: COATES (CONT'D)
dialog: Frank, I'm trying to help you. Drink
dialog: up.
text: Frank swallows the white pill, drinks the water. He places
text: his arms on the chair:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I guess I'll be going.
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: Just take it easy.
text: Frank looks around the smoke-filled room. Kanita walks over,
text: extends her hand.
speaker_heading: KANITA
dialog: Take my pulse.
dialog: (he does)
dialog: It's good, isn't it?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Perfect.
speaker_heading: KANITA
dialog: I knew it. I was wrong about you.
dialog: You're not so bad.
text: Kanita runs her hand across his shoulders. Frank starts to
text: nod. The room getting warm and dark. His eyelids lower: sleep,
dialog: precious sleep.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: FRANK'S ROSE DREAM
text: Voices and sounds echo through the purple haze as Frank's
text: mind drifts in time and space. Action and sounds slow, speed
text: up, distort--intermix with the Oasis--as Frank goes back:
text: This is how it begins: the last time, the first time ...
text: Larry exits 13 Zebra as Rose, 18, wearing a yellow rain
text: slicker, falls to her knees in the miasmic dream stank, onto
text: the sidewalk, then onto her back. From forty feet away Frank,
text: seeing her reach for a parking meter, grabbing the tube kit,
dialog: running.
text: Rose gasping for breath, Frank falling to his knees, lifting
text: her tongue, prying her teeth apart, slipping the blade between
text: her lips--Rose not breathing: waiting for her to inhale,
text: shooting the tube down her vocal cords. Larry listening to
text: lung sounds, belly sounds:
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: You're in the stomach!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Rose!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: My name. Rose.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: You're in the stomach, man.
text: Frank pulling the tube out, trying again.
text: Somewhere: CY Coates laughs.
speaker_heading: LARRY (CONT'D)
dialog: You're in the stomach! Let me try.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: One more time!
text: Rose going blue, pulse rate dropping, EKG Slowing: Jim
text: Morrison singing.
speaker_heading: LARRY
text: Stomach again.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No way!
text: Larry ripping the tube from Frank's hands, taking over,
text: pushing Frank aside, trying CPR, intubating Rose, air moving
text: into her lungs--it doesn't matter. Rose is gone.
text: Frank hears a SCREAM: it's his own voice.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE OASIS--DAY
text: Frank standing screaming in the living room. CY walking over,
text: Kanita standing, the sleeping man awaking.
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: Frank, take it easy. what happened?
speaker_heading: KANITA
text: He flipped out.
text: Frank bends over in pain.
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: Be cool, man. You're having a
text: paradoxical reaction. It can happen.
dialog: (to Kanita)
dialog: Didn't I tell you this guy was
dialog: stressed out?
speaker_heading: KANITA
text: Stressed? He's psycho.
text: Frank heads to where Mary sleeps.
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: Frank, where you going?
text: In the BACK BEDROOM, Frank picks up Mary, hoists her over
text: his shoulder fireman-style and heads out.
speaker_heading: COATES (CONT'D)
dialog: You're making a mistake. Sit down
dialog: and relax a minute.
text: Frank opens the front door--no one stops him--exits.
speaker_heading: COATES (CONT'D)
dialog: (calling)
dialog: She'll be back. And, by the way, you
dialog: owe me ten bucks.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STUYVESANT LOBBY--DAY
text: The elevator doors open. Frank sets Mary on her feet.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I can walk.
text: She says weaving out of the front doors.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STUYVESANT TOWN--DAY
text: Mary walks a Few steps into the plaza, stumbles; Frank catches
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Let go of me.
dialog: (he relaxes)
dialog: You shouldn't have come up. I told
dialog: you not to. You could have gotten us
text: both killed.
text: Mary heads up the avenue: past baby strollers, postal workers,
dialog: deliverymen.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: You and CY have a nice talk? He tell
dialog: you about Sunrise Enterprises, helping
dialog: people? Well, I've seen him hurt
dialog: people. Why are you following me?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Because you can barely walk.
text: Frank walking slightly beside and behind, lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You remember Noel, from the other
dialog: night, how Noel is now? He wasn't
dialog: always like that. He was my brother's
dialog: best friend. Cy or Tiger or one of
dialog: those other goons put a bullet in
text: Noel's head. He was in a coma three
dialog: months. Crazy ever since.
text: They stop at a three-story brick apartment building.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: This is my place.
text: She unlocks the door. He follows her in.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARY'S APT. BUILDING--DAY
text: Mary grabs the railing, heads up the stairs.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: What is it? You want to help me, you
dialog: feel sorry for me? Keep it to
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I need to sit down a minute.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Or maybe you wanna fuck me? Everyone
dialog: else has.
text: Mary opens the door to her first floor apartment; Frank
text: follows. The room is clean and feminine. Unframed water colors
text: stacked against the wall atop a desk. A black lab greets
text: Mary, she pets him. Frank slumps on the sofa.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: I've been clean two years now. I got
dialog: a job. I paint when I'm home. Don't
dialog: bother anybody. Then all this shit
dialog: happens.
text: Frank keels over onto his side, his head hitting a cushion,
text: eyes closed, dog licking his cheek.
speaker_heading: MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh no you don't. You can't stay here.
text: He's asleep, the sound of her crying fading in his head.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: INT. MARY'S APT.--NIGHT
text: FADE IN: a passing siren wakes Frank. He thinks back, looking
text: around the darkened room, realizes where he is. The dog comes
text: over, licks his hand.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Hello, I'm Frank. Mary's friend. A
dialog: very close friend who loves animals.
text: He removes the blanket Mary has laid over him, stands:
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello?
text: Frank walks cautiously through the dark, finds a bathroom
text: lit by a glowing Mickey Mouse switch. He flips on the switch:
text: a string of green and red Christmas lights glow. Three types
text: of soap sit on the sink. He turns on the faucet:
speaker_heading: FRANK (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I washed my face with three kinds of
text: soap, each smelling like a different
dialog: season. It felt good to be in a
text: woman's room again, especially a
dialog: woman who wasn't comatose or severely
dialog: disabled. I felt that perhaps I had
text: turned a corner, like I saved someone,
dialog: though I didn't know who.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EMS GARAGE OFFICE--NIGHT
text: Frank standing at Captain Barney's desk.
scene_heading: CAPT. BARNEY
dialog: You're late, Pierce. I know, but I
dialog: can't fire you. I've got nobody to
dialog: work sixteen XRay with Walls.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No ...
scene_heading: CAPT. BARNEY
dialog: I got some forms here to fill out
dialog: about that accident when you get the
dialog: time.
dialog: (hands him keys)
dialog: I'll fire you tomorrow. I promise.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What if there is no tomorrow?
scene_heading: CAPT. BARNEY
dialog: Go on, get outta here, Pierce, before
dialog: I give you a big hug.
dialog: (to Miss Williams)
dialog: I love this guy.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MERCY EMERGENCY--NIGHT
text: Frank walks toward Sixteen XRay as Walls gets out of the
text: front seat. The EMS vehicle is dented and rusted, a relic of
text: wars and a hodgepodge of parts.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: Frank, what do you know. It's you
dialog: and me again tonight, the Rough
text: Riders, tearing up the streets just
dialog: like old times.
dialog: (kicks the front tire)
dialog: This old bus is a warrior, Frank,
dialog: just like us. I have tried to kill
dialog: him and he will not die. I have a
dialog: great respect for that.
text: Frank makes a "be right back" gesture, walks into ER.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MERCY ER--NIGHT
text: Saturday night at the Knife and Gun Club: the joint is
text: hopping, the sound system blaring.
text: Frank passing Griss holding back an angry Hispanic man with
text: a bleeding arm:
speaker_heading: GRISS
dialog: Don't make me take off my sunglasses.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: Morning, Griss.
scene_heading: NURSE CONSTANCE
dialog: We're full up tonight, Frank.
text: Frank walks over to unit three, Mr. Burke's cubicle, pulls
text: back the curtain. Burke lies sedated, wired and tubed. Frank
text: leans over, feels Burke's pulse.
text: Frank's expression changes--he looks at the EKG monitor:
text: green lines seem to be at war, normal beats marching in
text: formation against wild-looking rhythms, the heart working
text: hard and not getting much done.
text: Burke's face twitches. Burke's voice speaks in Frank's head:
speaker_heading: BURKE'S VOICE
dialog: Go to the bank, boy, take out
dialog: everything you can.
text: Frank turns up the EKG amplitude:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Mr. Burke?
speaker_heading: BURKE'S VOICE
dialog: I'm going. I've had enough.
text: The alarms start to ring: EKG first, followed by the bells
text: off the oxygen saturation monitor and low drone of ventilator.
text: Intern Milagros pulling open the curtain behind Frank, shaking
text: her head, reaching for the defribilator paddles, handing
text: them to Frank. He steps back:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You do it.
speaker_heading: MILAGROS
dialog: Can't reach. You're taller.
speaker_heading: BURKE'S VOICE
dialog: Don't do it.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I thought he was getting better.
speaker_heading: MILAGROS
dialog: Technically, yeah. I suppose. It
dialog: doesn't matter.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: MILAGROS
dialog: Tha family wants us to do everything
dialog: to save him--so, that's it. They
dialog: want to keep him alive, they want to
dialog: believe in miracles, we keep him
dialog: alive. Shock him, Frank. He'll come
dialog: back. He always comes back.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (takes paddles)
dialog: Clear!
text: Frank shocks Burke: his body convulses.
speaker_heading: BURKE'S VOICE
dialog: Ow!
text: The heartbeats on monitor return to regular formation.
speaker_heading: BURKE'S VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: You son of a bitch.
speaker_heading: MILAGROS
dialog: Should I increase the lidocaine?
text: Frank, despondent, not listening, walks away.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AVENUE A--NIGHT
text: 16 XRay driving past a strip of night clubs and restaurants:
text: the sidewalks full of young people laughing, jostling,
text: embracing.
text: Walls driving. In addition to the EMS two-way and AM radio,
text: Walls keeps a police band walkie-talkie open. He looks into
text: the back of the bus:
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: Frank, what you doing back there?
text: Frank places an open drug box on the stretcher, pulls out an
text: IV set, wraps a tourniquet around his left bicep.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'm sick, Tom. I need a cure.
dialog: (injects himself)
text: Vitamin B cocktail, followed by an
text: amp of glucose and a drop of
text: adrenaline. Not as good as beer, but
dialog: all I got.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: Come on, Frank. There's blood spilling
text: in the streets.
text: Frank crawls back in front carrying the IV bag, puts on the
text: oxygen mask, turns on the main tanks, takes a deep hit.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (pulls off mask)
dialog: These are hard times, Tom.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: Yeah. Great, isn't it?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Great to be drunk. Sobriety's killing
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: Look up, Frank. Full moon. The blood's
dialog: gonna run tonight. I can feel it.
dialog: Our mission: to save lives.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Our mission is coffee, Tom. A shot
text: of the bull, Puerto Rican espresso.
speaker_heading: WALLS
text: Ten-four. El Toro de Oro. Blast off.
text: Walls hits the sirens, accelerates.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: The cure's not working, Tom. Maybe
dialog: we should go back to the hospital.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: Don't worry, kid. Tom'll take care
dialog: of you. Put your head out the window,
dialog: get some of that summer air. Listen
text: to the music. El Toro de Oro. Andale.
dialog: Pronto.
text: Walls turns up the radio, drums his hands against the wheel.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER
dialog: Okay, units, it's suicide hour.
dialog: Fourteen Boy, I show you in the
dialog: hospital sixty minutes but I know
dialog: you're in the diner on 14th. Put
dialog: down the burger, I got a call for
dialog: you around the corner, 14 and 3rd, a
text: man with a noose around his neck and
text: nothing to hang it on. Sixteen XRay,
dialog: don't even think about getting coffee,
dialog: I have a call for you too.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: Sixteen XTerminator here. We like
dialog: our coffee bloody. Make it good--my
text: partner's dying to help someone.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER
dialog: You're in luck, X: your patient awaits
dialog: you with bleeding wrists on Avenue C
dialog: and Fourth.
text: Frank pulls the IV needle out of his arm, searches the glove
dialog: compartment:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Tom, where are the Band-aids? This
dialog: is an ambulance, isn't it?
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: (hitting the gas)
dialog: Look out!
text: 16 XRay lurches forward.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AVENUE C AND 4TH--NIGHT
text: 16 XRay brakes to a stop before a duster of derelicts, junkies
text: and night people. Two DRUNKS are trying to help a friend
text: with CUT WRISTS.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: What the hell's going on?
speaker_heading: DRUNK #1
dialog: You've gotta take him to the hospital.
dialog: He tried to kill himself. Show him
dialog: your wrist. Show A.
text: Cut Wrists gets up, leans against the ambulance, shaking.
speaker_heading: DRUNK #1 (CONT'D)
dialog: See, he ain't right.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: Hold it. I will not take anyone
dialog: anywhere against his will. This is
dialog: America. People have rights.
speaker_heading: DRUNK #2
text: He was bleeding before. He kept
text: spilling his beer. I gave him mouth-
dialog: to-mouth.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: You're lucky you didn't kill him.
dialog: (to Cut Wrists)
dialog: We're going to hear it straight from
dialog: the loony's mouth. Are you crazy?
dialog: Did you try to bump yourself off?
speaker_heading: CUT WRISTS
dialog: (salivatory)
dialog: Yesssss.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: Why didn't you say so.
text: Walls escorts Cut Wrists into the back of the bus, pulls a
text: plastic electric patch off the EKG monitor. Frank joins them.
speaker_heading: WALLS (CONT'D)
dialog: Sir, I am going to give you some
dialog: medicine that is still very
dialog: experimental. It's from NASA, and
dialog: although the astronauts have been
dialog: using it for years, we are the first
dialog: service to try it. I will put this
dialog: patch on your forehead like this,
dialog: and in about a minute you will have
dialog: to relax.
dialog: (places patch)
dialog: You will forget all your suicidal
dialog: feelings. It's very important that
dialog: you wear this for a least twenty-
dialog: four hours and keep checking the
dialog: mirror. If the patch turns green you
dialog: have to see the doctor immediately.
dialog: The side effects could be fatal.
text: Cut Wrists nods.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: This is the worst suicide attempt
dialog: I've ever seen. You feel the pulse?
dialog: Here. That's where you cut, and it's
text: not across, it's down like so.
dialog: (takes out his knife)
dialog: Here take it.
speaker_heading: CUT WRISTS
dialog: (shaking)
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: With all the poor people of this
dialog: city who wanted only to live and
dialog: were viciously murdered, you have
dialog: the nerve to sit here waiting to die
dialog: and not go through with it. You make
dialog: me sick. Take it.
text: Cut Wrists bolts out of the back of the bus, trips as he
text: hits the ground, runs down the street, turning the corner
text: still holding the patch to his forehead.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: We cured him, Frank. When we work
dialog: together there's nothing we can't
dialog: fix.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EL TORO DE ORO--NIGHT
text: 16 XRay parked outside a fluorescent chrome and plastic coffee
dialog: shop.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EL TORO DE ORO--NIGHT
text: Frank smoking at a formica table, his walkie-talkie upright
text: next to an ashtray. Walls returns with two espressos as the
text: Dispatcher rattles on.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: (sits)
dialog: Sounds like they're trying to clean
dialog: up the bus terminal tonight,
text: Frank doesn't answer. Tom shines his mini-flashlight in
text: Frank's eyes:
speaker_heading: WALLS (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello, hello. Major Tom to Frank,
dialog: time to come home.
text: Frank watches a hooker on the sidewalk. Two street punks
text: dripping gold and attitude head the opposite direction: one
text: turns his head, looks at Frank--it's Rose. The Rose face.
text: Frank getting up, grabbing his walkie and coffee, heading
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: WALLS (CONT'D)
dialog: Where you going?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: C'mon, Tom. The city's burning.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSTON--NIGHT
text: Frank at the wheel, driving high speed: radio full volume.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: Whatja doing?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I feel the need, the need for speed.
dialog: I'm driving out of myself.
speaker_heading: WALLS
text: The brakes are shot.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I've taken that into consideration.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I never felt better in my life.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER
dialog: Sixteen XRay, XRay.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (keys radio)
dialog: X.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER
dialog: First of all, I want you to know how
dialog: sorry I am about this. I've always
dialog: liked you two. A unit above none, a
text: legend in its own lunchtime, so it
dialog: hurts me deeply to do this but I
dialog: have no choice. You must go to Second
text: and St. Marks. In front of a liquor
dialog: store you'll find a forty year-old
text: male, unconscious, lying next to his
dialog: wheelchair. Do I have to say more?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to radio)
dialog: You've said too much already.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: Mr. Oh.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It's early for him.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: That's all right, we're not meant to
dialog: do Oh tonight. Something is going to
dialog: happen. I can feel it.
text: Tom hears something on the police band: a call for units to
text: Stuyvesant Town.
speaker_heading: WALLS (CONT'D)
dialog: Bingo.
dialog: (keys police walkie)
dialog: EMS to Central. What was that call?
speaker_heading: POLICE DISPATCH
text: A jumper. Stuyvesant Town.
speaker_heading: WALLS
text: Ten-four. One minute out.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER
dialog: Sixteen, Sixteen XRay. Level One
dialog: Emergency.
text: But they're not listening--Frank's off to Stuyvesant Town.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STUYVESANT TOWN--NIGHT
text: Police cars, fire engines, a massive Emergency Service rescue
text: truck all flashing dome lights on the street, on the plaza
text: surrounding Cy Coates' building: cops, Swat team, spotlights,
text: onlookers.
text: Frank and Tom, getting out, looking up: the spotlit figure
text: of Cy Coates, thirteen floors above, suspended on a railing,
text: legs dangling.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: Whadda we bring?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Better bring it all.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY--NIGHT
text: Frank and Tom, lugging their equipment, meet up with cops,
text: firemen and their rescue equipment.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: The elevator's fucked. We'd never
dialog: all fit anyway. Let's go.
speaker_heading: FIREMAN
dialog: That's thirteen flights.
speaker_heading: WALLS
text: The news guys just pulled up.
scene_heading: POLICE SERGEANT
text: The stairs, men, the stairs.
text: The Sergeant leads a half dozen cops and firemen up the stairs
text: as the elevator doors open. Tom, Frank and two COPS squeeze
text: inside.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: This guy a jumper?
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: We got a call for shots fired on
text: the sixteenth floor. The jumper
dialog: called right after.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Walls)
dialog: I'm going to sixteen.
text: As the elevator doors close.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE OASIS--NIGHT
text: Frank steps out with the officers. The door to 16M is open:
text: Kanita lies half in, half out the door, a perfectly round
text: hole above her eye, splinters of bone and blood down the
text: side of her nose.
text: The carpet is soaked with water; shards of glass lie amid
text: dying fish. A cop returns from the rear hall of the apartment,
text: stands before photo of volcano:
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: That's it, nobody else home.
text: Frank, looking over the balcony, sees Cy three floors below.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'm going to thirteen.
text: Frank heads clown the stairs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THIRTEENTH FLOOR--NIGHT
text: Frank emerges on thirteen: Walls, the panting Police Sergeant
text: and team have overturned the furniture in 13M: the absent
text: owners would have trouble recognizing it. The floor is covered
text: with gas-powered metal cutters, acetylene torches, ropes,
text: harnesses.
text: A trail of blood leads to where Walls stands, Tiger's prone
text: body behind him:
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: Get this, Frank--we got two patients.
text: Number one, the scarecrow outside.
text: Number two misses the railing but
text: breaks both legs on the balcony,
text: then throws himself through a glass
text: window, heads to the bedroom, where
text: he's now passed out.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (about Coates)
dialog: Well, he's the steakhead of the night,
dialog: then.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: I don't think the fire people can
dialog: touch him out there.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: How's he doing?
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: I haven't had a chance to see him
dialog: yet. I'm going to take care of
text: sleeping beauty.
text: Frank goes over to Coates as two cops strap on harnesses. CY
text: hangs impaled on the railing, a steel spike passing through
text: his hip. Glowing in spotlights from thirteen floors below,
text: Frank takes Coates' vital signs, gently presses his abdomen:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Does that hurt?
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: (screams)
dialog: No!
text: Frank, IV bag in his teeth, putting an oxygen mask on Coates:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I don't think you've hurt any major
dialog: organs.
dialog: (sets IV line)
dialog: We got to get you off this thing
text: without setting off bleeding.
text: Cops behind click on harnesses ("You in?" "Yeah" "You in?")
text: attach straps to pitons they've hammered into the brick wall,
text: bring out metal cutters and torches.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: They're gonna torch the fence. You're
dialog: gonna feel the metal getting warm,
text: maybe very warm.
speaker_heading: COATES
text: I can't hold up my head anymore.
text: Frank passes the IV bag to one of the cops, holds Coates,
text: head. CY relaxes his neck as SPARKS splay like fireworks
text: beneath him, fall to the concrete.
speaker_heading: COATES (CONT'D)
dialog: So, Frank, am I going to live?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You're going to live.
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: I've been thinking about things.
dialog: Meditating on my financial future.
dialog: You guys gave me plenty of time to
dialog: meditate on the future. Whatja do,
dialog: stop for Chinese on the way over?
dialog: There's plenty of food in my place.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I was tired. I needed a coffee.
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: What about Kanita?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Dead.
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: That's too bad. Get some money, a
dialog: nice looking girl on your arm, and
dialog: everyone wants to take a piece. Some
dialog: kid I wouldn't let wash my Mercedes
text: is in my house, shooting at me. Damn,
dialog: I thought I could make it onto the
dialog: balcony like Tiger. He's fat, that's
dialog: why, falls faster. I'm trying to
dialog: watch my weight, and look what
dialog: happens. Am I shot, Frank?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: Boy can't shoot for shit, either.
dialog: Goddamn that's hot.
text: Frank looks: the spike in Coates' hip starting to glow red.
text: CY stretches his hand toward the skyline, his face backlit
text: by raining acetylene sparks:
speaker_heading: COATES (CONT'D)
dialog: Isn't it beautiful? When the fires
text: start to fall, then the strongest
dialog: rule it all. I love this city.
text: The torch breaks the spike free: Frank and Coates FREE FALL
text: three feet, jerk to a stop. Cy yelps. The crowd cheers from
dialog: below.
text: Frank now grabbing, holding Coates tightly--Frank's hands
text: the only thing keeping Coates from falling--as the cops hoist
dialog: them up.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: Good thing we buckled you in, huh?
speaker_heading: COATES
dialog: What about me? Who's supposed to
dialog: buckle me?
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: (to 2nd cop)
dialog: I thought you did.
speaker_heading: 2ND COP
dialog: I thought you did.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: (to Coates)
dialog: I'm so sorry, sir.
text: The cops lift Frank and Coates onto the balcony.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MERCY EMERGENCY--NIGHT
text: 16 XRay parked in front.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MERCY CRITICAL CARE--NIGHT
text: Frank walking out of the restroom wiping water off his face,
text: looking at the gurney where Coates lies on his side, metal
text: spike still sticking through his hip, IV line running to his
text: arm, eyes closed. Nurses walk past Coates: he's stabilized,
dialog: waiting his turn. CY, take a number.
text: Frank spots Hazmat at Burke's cubicle, walks over.
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
dialog: Nurse Crupp, we're going to need
text: some Valium here. He's waking up
dialog: again.
text: The ventilator alarm goes off as Burke pulls at his
dialog: restraints.
speaker_heading: HAZMAT (CONT'D)
dialog: (urgent)
dialog: Where's that Valium?
text: Nurse Crupp walks briskly over, injects needle into one of
text: Burke's IV bags.
text: Burke's voice speaks in Frank's head:
speaker_heading: BURKE'S VOICE
dialog: Don't. Don't do it.
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
dialog: Give me a hand, Frank. I've got to
dialog: get something between those teeth.
text: Frank helps Hazmat force in a bite stick. The monitor alarm
text: cuts off, the ventilator starts up again, pumping air in,
text: pulling air out.
speaker_heading: HAZMAT (CONT'D)
dialog: You can't believe how much he's
dialog: improved.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: How many times have you shocked him
dialog: tonight?
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
dialog: Fourteen. We finally got him a room
dialog: upstairs. Should be up there in a
dialog: couple of hours.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What do you do, just have someone
dialog: follow him around with a defribilator?
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: That's good, Frank. No, but they
dialog: might surgically implant one, about
text: the size of my thumb. It goes near
text: the shoulder here, with two electrodes
text: connected to the heart. It sends a
text: shock whenever it senses a drop in
dialog: blood flow. Amazing, isn't it?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: A medical miracle.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MERCY WAITING ROOM--NIGHT
text: Frank notices Mary Burke in waiting area with her brother,
text: mother and several others. Gone is the lost daughter, the
text: scared junkie. Tonight she's dressed for strength: leather
text: jacket, blue jeans, black work boots.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Everyone, this is the medic who
dialog: brought my father in. Frank, these
dialog: are some of my father's friends.
text: Frank greets them.
scene_heading: FAMILY FRIEND
dialog: We live out an the Island now, but
dialog: we used to live right down the block
dialog: from Pat. He was like a saint to us.
dialog: Came as soon as we heard.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Mary)
dialog: I'm going out for a smoke.
text: Mary whispers something to her mother, joins him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MERCY EMERGENCY--NIGHT
text: Frank offers her a cigarette. Walls waits in 16 XRay, now
text: parked at the curb.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I heard CY Coates was brought in. He
dialog: looked pretty bad.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He'll be all right.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Too bad. He called me up today, can
dialog: you believe that? I don't know how
dialog: he got my number. He asks me do I
dialog: want to come over and see him, I
dialog: tell him I'd rather go to a leper
dialog: colony. He says there's a new gang
dialog: that wants to kill him, take over
dialog: the business. I told him I hope he's
dialog: right. That they kill him. That's
dialog: what I told him.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: It'll be a while before he's up and
text: running again.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: OK, last night I was weak. it won't
dialog: happen again. And all that shit I
dialog: said--it was just because I was
dialog: stoned. Forget it.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No problem. Thanks for letting me
dialog: crash. It was the best sleep I've
dialog: had in months. I used some of your
dialog: soap.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: I wish these people would leave
dialog: already. I can't listen to another
dialog: story. Did you see him?
text: (Frank doesn't answer)
dialog: That doctor says the brain is coming
text: around. They're waiting for the heart
dialog: to stabilize. I don't know who to
dialog: believe. He says they still have to
dialog: keep him tied up.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Can I bring you something back to
dialog: eat--a falafal, some pizza?
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: No, we just ate. I only remember how
dialog: tough my father was. Now I know he
dialog: had to be like that, to make us tough.
dialog: This city'll kill you if you aren't
dialog: strong enough.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No, the city doesn't discriminate.
dialog: It gets everybody.
text: Walls flashes 16 XRay's headlights, hits the horns.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: I gotta go. Another call.
text: Frank, his heart pounding, steps closer to her.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: We're all dying, Mary Burke.
text: He leans as if to kiss her.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: This is not a good time.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: There's no time.
text: He places his hand on her shoulder, kisses her lightly, walks
text: toward Walls and the waiting ambulance.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST AVE--NIGHT
text: 16 XRay is cooking now--Walls at the wheel, Frank shotgun,
text: passing a pint of whiskey back and forth: radio blasting--
dialog: INXS: "The Devil Inside."
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: Get ready, Frank. Missed a drug
dialog: shooting while you were dicking around
dialog: in there. There's gonna be trauma
dialog: tonight!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: As long as we keep moving. No standing
dialog: still.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: (keys mike)
dialog: C'mon, look at your screen. Give up
dialog: some blood!
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER
text: Sixteen XRay, a man at the bus
dialog: terminal shot three years ago says
text: his arm hurts.
text: Frank looks at a group of girls exiting an after-hours club:
text: every one a Rose. Rose faces.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: C'mon, Tom, pick up a job.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: You want some bum in the bus terminal?
dialog: We'll wait for a real call.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Let's get in a fight, then.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: Who with?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That's your job. Just keep driving,
dialog: keep moving. No stopping. We're
dialog: sharks. We stop too long, we die.
text: Walls hits the accelerator: the old bus jerks forward:
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Let's break something, Tom. Let's
dialog: bust something, bomb something.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: What do you want to break?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (taking a drink)
dialog: I don't know--let's break some
text: windows.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: Destruction, distraction. I feel the
dialog: need.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: You need a reason, Frank. You don't
dialog: just go around breaking people's
dialog: windows. That's anarchy.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What's the reason? Give me a reason,
dialog: Tom.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: Let me think.
text: Tom hits the siren as he swings wildly around a stopped cab
text: and its turban-headed driver:
speaker_heading: WALLS (CONT'D)
text: Classic cabbie move.
dialog: (to driver)
dialog: Hey, swammy, that's called a
dialog: crosswalk. You stop before it, not
dialog: on it!
text: Walls turns onto a cross street, spots Noel standing by a
text: Mustang, baseball bat on his shoulder. He wears yesterday's
text: blood-stained clothes, cut tires tied to his shoulders and
text: elbows, chest and belly wrapped with steel wire.
speaker_heading: WALLS (CONT'D)
dialog: I know who to work over. Him.
text: Walls slows as Noel lifts the bat, swings it into the
text: Mustang's front window, shattering it, puts the bat down,
text: using it like a cane as he walks to the next parked car.
speaker_heading: WALLS (CONT'D)
dialog: This guy's been terrorizing the
dialog: neighborhood for weeks, ever since
dialog: he got outta jail, wreaking general
dialog: havoc, contributing to the bad name
dialog: of the place. The term "menace to
dialog: society" was made up for him.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: He's crazy. He can't help it.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: (stops ambulance)
dialog: Well, why don't they put him away?
dialog: Prisons don't want him. I took him
dialog: to the hospital yesterday and here
text: he is again.
text: Noel reaches the next car, a Bronco, carefully hefts the
text: bat, smashes it through the windshield.
speaker_heading: WALLS (CONT'D)
dialog: Look at that. Tell me that's a crazy
dialog: person. Every move is calculated. He
dialog: knows exactly what he's doing. This
dialog: is the guy. I've been after him for
text: weeks. He's quick, runs like a rat,
dialog: tough for one person, but with two
dialog: of us--
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Okay, whatta I do?
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: If he sees me, he'll run, so I'll
dialog: get out here. You start talking to
dialog: him about baseball or something while
text: I sneak around behind and get down
dialog: and you push him. When he falls we
dialog: get him.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: That's ridiculous.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: Believe me, it always works. The
dialog: simpler, the better.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You learn that in the army?
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: Flatbush.
text: Walls slips out, crouches beside the bus. Frank, stepping
text: out, walks over to Noel as he whacks the bat through the
text: hatch of a Pinto.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: That's a hell of a swing you got
dialog: there, Noel. I'm thinking Strawberry
text: in his prime.
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: Strawberry ain't shit. Drug pussy.
dialog: (heads for the next
dialog: car)
dialog: Me. I swing like Reggie. Mr.
dialog: October. Number three, game six,
dialog: World Series.
text: Noel hauls back, lays into a Volvo: glass shatters. Noel
text: holds the bat out, extends handle towards Frank:
speaker_heading: NOEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Here, you try.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No, I'd better not.
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: Sure, sure, give go.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yeah?
text: Frank, intrigued by Noel's suggestion, has forgotten Walls'
text: plan. He takes the bat as Tom sneaks behind Noel, crouching.
speaker_heading: FRANK (CONT'D)
dialog: What the hell.
dialog: (spits into hands)
dialog: The next year, tiebreaker for the
text: division, in Boston, Yanks down two
text: to nothing, Bucky Dent steps to the
dialog: plate.
speaker_heading: NOEL
dialog: Oh man, Bucky.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: The pitch, high heater. Bucky knows
text: what's coming. He steps in, smash,
text: over the green monster.
text: Frank cocks the baseball bat, relishing every moment, swings
text: into the Volvo's side window. Shattered glass flies on his
text: hands and clothes.
text: Walls, fed up with this, stands:
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: Frank, what the hell are you doing?
text: Noel, seeing Walls, grabs the bat, flees down an alley.
speaker_heading: WALLS (CONT'D)
dialog: You go down those stairs there. Meet
dialog: me back here if you can't find him
dialog: in ten minutes. Call out if you see
dialog: him. Get with the program, Frank.
text: Walls takes off after Noel. Frank, taking out his flashlight,
text: enters second alley, walks down dark stairs which hopefully
text: circle around to Noel.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ALLEY--NIGHT
text: Mini-flashlight leading the way, Frank steps gingerly down
text: the refuse-strewn alley. Ahead: footsteps.
text: He kicks something, thinking it's trash, looks down; a body
text: rustles, pair of sleeping eyes look up.
text: Suddenly everything seems silent. He passes a row of glowing
text: red doors. Shadows flash in the distance. He hears a woman
text: crying, shoots his flashlight her direction: nothing.
text: Frank hears the voice again: Rose's voice:
speaker_heading: ROSE'S VOICE
dialog: Why did you kill me, Frank?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I didn't mean to.
speaker_heading: ROSE'S VOICE
dialog: You should have helped me.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I tried to help. I wanted to.
text: Shadows like hands extend against the wall ahead.
speaker_heading: ROSE'S VOICE
dialog: Don't you love me?
text: Frank moves toward the reaching arms. The shadows swing like
text: baseball bats. Noel SCREAMS.
text: Suddenly, before him, a blurry mass of bloody dreadlocks--
text: Noel goes flying to the ground, Walls standing over him
text: swinging the bat, hitting him, killing him.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: I got him, Frank!
text: Frank stands back, watching Walls and Noel like some static
text: black and white TV screen from his childhood. Noel, trying
text: to protect himself, cries out.
speaker_heading: WALLS (CONT'D)
dialog: (swinging bat)
dialog: To the moon, Alice! You little
dialog: motherfucker!
text: Frank charges forward into Walls, sending Tom, the baseball
text: bat flying. Walls on the ground. Frank bends over Noel: Noel's
text: face covered with blood, gasping for air, blowing red bubbles,
text: convulsing.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Walls)
dialog: Get the kit! We're gonna tube him!
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: Frank!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Do it!
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: (standing)
dialog: Frank!
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Noel)
dialog: We're gonna save you, Noel. You're
dialog: gonna be all right.
dialog: (to Walls)
dialog: Do it, Tom! I'll call for fucking
dialog: backup, I swear!
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: You're crazy.
text: Noel unconscious: Tom hurries down the alley toward the
text: ambulance as Frank opens Noel's mouth.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: You're going to make it! You're going
dialog: to make it!
text: Pressing Noel's chest, Frank lowers his mouth, starts CPR.
text: His mouth to Noel's. In the distance: Walls' footsteps
text: returning.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MERCY EMERGENCY--NIGHT
text: 16 XRay parked out front: the sky is going blue.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MERCY ER--NIGHT
text: Frank and Tom, their shirts blood-stained, pushing Noel down
text: Skid Row, past Griss, past Nurse Constance. Tom wheels, Frank
text: carries the IV bag.
scene_heading: NURSE CONSTANCE
dialog: Take him straight through.
speaker_heading: GRISS
dialog: Who got that funky motherfucker this
dialog: time?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (to Nurse Constance)
dialog: Last show of the night.
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
dialog: (arriving)
dialog: Jesus Christ. Nurse Crupp!
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: Anybody else hurt?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
dialog: Crazy fucker.
text: Walls pushes Noel into unit one. Frank looks over to unit
text: three--Burke's cubicle is empty.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Where's Burke?
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
text: Upstairs. 212. Had to shock him twice
dialog: more.
text: Frank nods, walks out. Behind, Walls helps Hazmat and Crupp
text: place Noel on a bed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROOM 212--NIGHT
text: Frank Pierce walks down the hospital corridor, steps into
dialog: room 212.
text: Burke lies, tubed, wired and tied to life support. Blue light
text: comes through the window. On the EKG monitor: a slow steady
text: green endless line: up, down.
text: Frank takes a moment, exhales.
text: One by one, Frank flips off the machines. The clanging EKG
text: ALARM is followed by the bass honking of the respirator alarm
text: and two tweetering IV-drip alarms.
text: Frank, holding Burke's pulse, watches the life go out of
text: him. Hearing commotion outside, Frank flips the machines
text: back on: the EKG monitor is flatline.
text: A FLOOR NURSE rushes in, feels for Burke's pulse.
speaker_heading: FLOOR NURSE
dialog: What happened?
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Code!
text: Frank steps back as the Nurse hits the emergency switch.
speaker_heading: FLOOR NURSE (CONT'D)
dialog: Are we doing CPR?
text: Dr. Hazmat, out of breath, enters:
speaker_heading: FLOOR NURSE (CONT'D)
dialog: He coded.
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
dialog: Christ, what a way to start the day.
text: He's in V-fib. Shock him.
text: Frank pulls out the paddles, applies them to Burke's chest:
speaker_heading: FLOOR NURSE
dialog: Clear!
text: Frank, knowing it's futile, shocks Burke: no result.
speaker_heading: HAZMAT
text: Zap him again.
text: Frank goes through the motions, pretending to shock Burke.
text: The flatline doesn't waver.
speaker_heading: HAZMAT (CONT'D)
dialog: Nothing. Get the cart, start
dialog: compressions, get an epinephrine in.
text: Frank backs out the door as a nurse and intern enter.
text: In the corridor Frank listens as the activity becomes less
dialog: urgent.
text: Hazmat steps out:
speaker_heading: HAZMAT (CONT'D)
dialog: That's enough. I called it. Let's
dialog: get some coffee.
dialog: (to Frank)
dialog: You gonna tell the family?
text: Frank nods.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MERCY EMERGENCY--DAYBREAK
text: Frank walks out of Our Lady of Mercy, heads down the side
text: street. He passes Tom Walls wielding a giant flashlight,
text: smashing Sixteen XRay's headlights, denting the hood and
text: side windows.
speaker_heading: WALLS
dialog: Die!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MARY'S APT. BUILDING--DAY
text: Frank rings the buzzer. Mary, sleepy-voiced, answers:
speaker_heading: MARY (O.S.)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Frank.
speaker_heading: MARY (O.S.)
dialog: Come on up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. FIRST FLOOR--DAY
text: Mary, wearing a burgundy robe, opens the door. Frank says
text: nothing. Her expression darkens.
text: Frank looks at her again: it's not Mary, it's Rose. Mary has
text: Rose's face.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He's dead, Rose. Your father passed.
speaker_heading: ROSE/MARY
dialog: How can that be? He was getting
dialog: better.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: He coded. They shocked him one too
dialog: many times. I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: ROSE/MARY
dialog: He was tough. You did all you could.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: ROSE/MARY
dialog: You have to keep the body going until
dialog: the brain and heart recover enough
dialog: to go on their own.
text: Frank nods.
speaker_heading: ROSE/MARY (CONT'D)
dialog: Would you like to come in?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yes.
text: Rose/Mary opens the door wider, closes it behind Frank.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MARY'S BEDROOM--DAY
text: Rose is Mary again: she and Frank lie clothed on her bed. He
text: leans his head against her breast as she holds him. His eyes
dialog: close: sleep.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
