dialog: 
dialog: Broadcast News script by James L. Brooks
dialog: <!--
dialog: /*
dialog: Break-out-of-frames script
dialog: By Website Abstraction (http://wsabstract.com)
dialog: Over 400+ free scripts here!
dialog: Above notice MUST stay entact for use
dialog: */
dialog: if (window!= top)
dialog: top.location.href=location.href
dialog: // -->
speaker_heading: Broadcast News
dialog: by
dialog: James L. Brooks.
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - DAY
text: A restaurant supply truck is curbside, near a small
text: restaurant. GERALD GRUNICK, forty-one, is closing the back
text: door of his truck, feeling good about the world, a common
text: state for him. He moves towards the cab of the truck and gets
dialog: inside as we SUPER:
scene_heading: KANSAS CITY, MO. - 1963
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK - DAY
text: As he sits down beaming over his recent good fortune... now we
text: REVEAL his twelve-year-old son, TOM, seated quietly beside him.
text: He seems a bit down. Gerald glances at his son.
speaker_heading: GERALD
dialog: I don't know a recent Saturday I've
dialog: sold more. You didn't think I'd
dialog: sell that health restaurant, did you?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No. Not even you.
speaker_heading: GERALD
dialog: Why so glum?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: GERALD
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Go ahead.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No, nothing. I've got a problem,
dialog: I guess.
speaker_heading: GERALD
dialog: Were you bothering by those
dialog: waitresses making a fuss?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No. But, honest. What are you
dialog: supposed to say when they keep
dialog: talking about your looks? I don't
dialog: even know what they mean -- "Beat
dialog: them off with a stick."
text: Gerald stiffs a grin.
speaker_heading: GERALD
dialog: You know, Tom, I feel a little
dialog: proud when people comment on your
dialog: looks. Maybe you should feel that
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Proud? I'm just embarrassed that
dialog: I like when they say those things.
speaker_heading: GERALD
dialog: As long as that's your only problem
dialog: you're...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It's not.
text: He looks directly at his father and talks quietly, and sincerely.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I got my report card. Three Cs,
text: two Ds and an incomplete.
speaker_heading: GERALD
dialog: Oh my. I see you studying so hard,
dialog: Tom. What do you think the problem is?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'll just have to try harder. I don't
dialog: know. I will.
dialog: (talking himself
dialog: into it)
dialog: I will. I will. I will.
text: He shakes his head for emphasis, glad he's received this pep
text: talk from himself -- he hands the card to his father.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Thanks, Dad, this talk helped. Will
dialog: you sign it, please?
speaker_heading: GERALD
dialog: (as he signs)
dialog: Would it help if I got you a tutor?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (suddenly hopeful)
dialog: That would be great.
dialog: (worried)
dialog: It better help. What can you do with
dialog: yourself if all you do is look good?
scene_heading: SUPER THE LEGEND -- "FUTURE NETWORK ANCHORMAN"
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: BOSTON, MASS. - 1965
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL - AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: AARON ALTMAN, looking almost preposterously young in his
text: graduation gown -- is delivering his valedictory. He is a
text: rare bread -- a battle-scarred innocent.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: ...and finally to the teachers of
dialog: Whitman High School, I don't have the
dialog: words to express my gratitude which
dialog: may have more to say about the quality
dialog: of the English Department here than
dialog: my own limitations...
text: He awaits a laugh and gets only the weird sound of collective
dialog: discomfort.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: ...that was, of course, not meant to
dialog: be taken seriously. A personal note.
dialog: I am frequently asked what the special
dialog: difficulties are in being graduated
dialog: from High School two months shy of my
dialog: fifteenth birthday. I sometimes
dialog: think it was the difficulties
dialog: themselves which enabled me to do it.
dialog: If I'd been appreciated or even tolerated
dialog: I wouldn't have been in such a hurry to
dialog: graduate. I hope the next student who
dialog: comes along and is able to excel isn't
dialog: made to feel so much an outcast. But
dialog: I'm looking forward to college; this is
dialog: the happiest day I've had in a long
dialog: time. I thank you and I forgive you.
dialog: This is very little applause.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON TEACHERS
speaker_heading: MALE TEACHER
dialog: I'm always so confused by Aaron.
dialog: Is he brave and earnest or just
dialog: a conceited little dick-head?
text: BACK TO AARON AS WE SUPER: "FUTURE NETWORK NEWS REPORTER"
scene_heading: ANGLE ON STAGE
text: As Aaron walks to his seat past three full grown tough looking
text: semi-literate high school graduates.
speaker_heading: YOUTH #1
dialog: Later, Aaron.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL YARD - DAY
text: Clusters of graduates at the fence bordering the sunken school
text: yard looking down as the tough cap and gowners seen earlier
text: cuff Aaron around.
speaker_heading: CLOSER IN
text: Aaron feeling from a blow -- his lip bleeding -- his teeth
text: covered with blood...as he gets to his feet. He is livid --
text: something primal triggered by this brutality.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Go ahead, Stephen -- take your
text: last licks.
dialog: (points at his
dialog: face)
dialog: But this will heal -- what I'm
dialog: going to say to you will scar you
dialog: forever. Ready? Here it is.
text: He dodges as they come after him. They catch him by the hair
text: and hurl him to the ground. As he gets up he hurls his
text: devastating verbal blow.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: You'll never make more than
dialog: nineteen thousand dollars a year.
dialog: Ha ha ha.
text: They twist his arm and grip him -- his face scraped on the
dialog: concrete.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Okay, take this: You'll never
dialog: leave South Boston and I'm going
dialog: to see the whole damn world. You'll
dialog: never know the pleasure of writing
dialog: a graceful sentence or having an
dialog: original thought. Think about it.
text: He's punched in the stomach and sinks to the ground. As the
text: Young Toughs walk off Aaron catches a phrase of their
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: YOUTH TOUGH
dialog: Nineteen thousand dollars...
dialog: Not bad.
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: ATLANTA, GEORGIA - 1968
scene_heading: INT. SUBURBAN HOME - NIGHT
text: JANE CRAIG, ten years old, is in her room typing. Above the
text: desk where she works is a bulletin board with letters and
text: pictures tacked to each one. Her desk has several file racks
text: which contain bulging but neat stacks of air mail envelopes --
text: a roll of stamps in a dispenser is to one side. Jane types
text: very well in the glare of her desk lamp.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (voice over; as
dialog: she types)
dialog: Dear Felatzia, it's truly amazing
dialog: to me that we live a world apart
dialog: and yet have the same favorite music.
dialog: I loved the picture you sent and
dialog: have it up on my bulletin board.
dialog: You're growing so much faster than
dialog: I am that I...
speaker_heading: OTHER ANGLE
text: SHOWING Jane's FATHER standing near the door.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (voice over)
dialog: ...am starting to get jealous.
dialog: I read in the newspapers about
dialog: the Italian strike and riots in
dialog: Milan. I hope you weren't...
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Honey?...
text: Jane SCREAMS, and grabs her heart, breathing heavily, babbles
text: nervously at her Dad.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Oh God -- Daddy -- don't...don't...
dialog: don't ever scare me like that --
dialog: please.
text: We SUPER: "FUTURE NETWORK NEWS PRODUCER"
text: Her father is himself taken aback with the shock of her reaction.
text: Falling back towards the door:
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Jane -- For God's sake...
dialog: (recovering)
dialog: Look, it's time for you to go
dialog: to sleep.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I just have two more pen pals and
dialog: then I'm done.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: You don't have to finish tonight.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (he doesn't get in)
dialog: Nooo. This way the rotation stays
dialog: the same.
speaker_heading: FATHER
dialog: Finish quickly. I don't want you
dialog: getting obsessive about these
dialog: things. Good night.
text: We REMAIN WITH Jane who has obviously become disconcerted and
dialog: troubled.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT
text: As Jane moves to room at the other end of the hall -- a family
text: room where her Father reads the latest Rolling Stone of the
dialog: mid-60's -- Hunter Thompson, the New Journalism, the slim
text: Jann Wenner -- Jane bursts into the room.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Dad, you want me to choose my words
dialog: so carefully and then you just throw
dialog: a word like 'obsessive' at me. Now,
dialog: unless I'm wrong and...
dialog: (enunciating)
dialog: ...please correct me if I am, 'obsession'
dialog: is practically a psychiatric term...
dialog: concerning people who don't have anything
dialog: else but the object of their obsession --
dialog: who can't stop and do anything else. Well,
dialog: Here I am stopping to tell you this. Okay?
dialog: So would you please try and be a little
dialog: more precise instead of calling a person
dialog: something like 'obsessive.'
text: She advances furiously on her Father since even this strung out,
text: even with two additional pen pal letters to get off, she had
text: enough sense of duty to kiss him good night before storming from
text: the room. She exits the room INTO BLACK.
text: Stay on BLACK as we begin MAIN TITLES:
scene_heading: OVER EXT. SMALL MID-WESTERN CITY - DAY
text: Emerging from the blackness -- Jane Craig -- now a
text: twenty-eight-year-old woman -- a long speed walker wearing a
text: jacket to which reflecting stripes have been glued -- the kind
text: of gear only possessed by someone who runs at off-hours. The
dialog: Jacket itself is a wish-I-had-it souvenir from some important
dialog: news assignment, the sort of treasure you love about all else
text: yet never mention. She stops running as she feeds quarters into
text: the first of a phalanx of newspaper machines -- getting seven
text: different papers before moving on.
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: As she enters from the bathroom, having showered and dressed.
text: The sun is jus now rising. She sits next to her phone.
scene_heading: INSERT: JANE'S ROOM
text: The Filofax book is almost an additional character -- a crucial
text: hand-fashioned tool of Jane's trade. She flicks at a page --
text: takes down a typewritten sheet scotch-taped to it showing the
text: room number of her crew and reporter.
speaker_heading: ON JANE
text: As she dials one room number.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hi...It's me...
scene_heading: INT. DUPLICATE MOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: ANGLE ON CAMERAMAN -- his equipment in evidence though
text: essentially asleep holding his bedmate's hand, as he listens
dialog: to Jane.
speaker_heading: JANE'S VOICE
dialog: (voice over)
dialog: It's thirty minutes before you have
dialog: to meet me in the lobby -- nudge
dialog: your wife.
text: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: There's probably no time to eat...
text: but there's a cafeteria at the bus
dialog: depot once we get down there. I
dialog: love working with you two...It
dialog: saves me a call.
text: She dales.
scene_heading: INT. DUPLICATE MOTEL ROOM
text: Where Aaron is switching his TV from station to station,
text: monitoring the early morning news. His PHONE RINGS.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Hi. Turn on your TV...
dialog: Good Morning America, the
dialog: Morning News and Today are all
dialog: about to talk to Arnold
dialog: Schwarzenegger and I think he's
text: live on at least two of them.
text: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: JANE
text: At six o'clock on the wake-up
dialog: news they used the wrong missile
dialog: graphic.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (Austrian accent)
dialog: Now listen, Arnold just said that
dialog: he's been making three million a
dialog: movie now. But he's not ever
dialog: gonna change. He's still the same
dialog: person when he was making two
dialog: million dollars a movie. He feels
dialog: no different. He also bought a brand-
dialog: new condo with Maria, they gonna
dialog: furnish tastefully.
speaker_heading: JANE
text: A half hour in the lobby.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (Austrian accent)
dialog: Okay, I'll see you in the lobbies [sic].
text: She hangs up -- takes the phone off the hook and lays it on the
text: bed for a moment's solitude. She sits stiffly, palms on top of
text: her legs. It looks like someone with unusually good posture,
text: waiting for something, and now we BEGIN TO SEE the first signs
text: redden and she begins to cry. Now she sobs -- then miraculously
text: shakes it off and exits quickly to the bathroom. This crying
text: episode is clearly part of her morning routine.
scene_heading: INT. BUS STATION - DAY
text: Jane standing behind her husband-wife - camera-sound team
text: as they train their attention on Aaron; who is getting ready to
text: do a stand-up. There is a DERELICT off to one side. Aaron holds
text: his microphone at the ready.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Ready.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CAMERAMAN
dialog: Your hair's a little funny.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: It's an ethnic curl, I can't do
dialog: anything about it.
speaker_heading: CAMERAMAN
text: In front of a little -- it's a bit...
dialog: You want a mirror?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: No -- Don't worry about it. Let's
dialog: do this.
text: Jane nods her assent.
speaker_heading: CAMERAMAN
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: AARON SEEN THROUGH CAMERA
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: In other times, for other purposes,
text: there might be a band and bunting
text: here at the bus depot for J.D. Singer's
dialog: return from war. He...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: I'm sorry. But look at how
text: wonderful his face is.
text: She points to the derelict.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Oh, you mean use him...That's
dialog: nice. Okay.
speaker_heading: CAMERAMAN
dialog: I'll put him in the low corner of
dialog: the frame -- good.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: In other times, with other purposes,
text: there might be a band and bunting
text: here at the bus depot for J.D. Singer's
dialog: return from war. Last week he was
dialog: decorated by a president for heroism
dialog: in a war. But it was the civil war --
dialog: in Angola -- and he was in it for the
dialog: money.
text: He puts the microphone down.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Thanks.
text: He passes a vending machine and checks the stray hair.
scene_heading: INT. GATE AREA - DAY
text: Jane in the distant b.g. on the phone. Aaron and crew shooting
text: as the bus pulls up, hisses to a stop and tired, rumpled
text: passengers exit the bus. J.D. SINGER, strong, 9'6" figure
text: emerges and is displeased to find a camera trained on him.
text: He reacts with all the grace of a short mercenary.
dialog: J.D.
dialog: Go 'way.
text: J.D. gets his luggage from the compartment under the bus. The
text: crew shooting.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Just a few questions?
dialog: J.D.
dialog: No.
text: He starts walking -- the four person newsteam staying with him.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: We came from Washington.
dialog: J.D.
dialog: Move away from me.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (holding out
dialog: microphone)
dialog: How long has it been since you've
dialog: been home.
dialog: J.D.
dialog: (moving)
dialog: Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuckes. Snot...
dialog: Fuckee. You want to use that?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: It depends on how big a news day it
dialog: is.
text: They reach Jane. She calls to him.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: J.D. I'm Jane Craig. I spoke to
dialog: you in Angola. I gave you some
text: sugarless gum and Handi-Wipes.
text: As he reacts to her:
scene_heading: INT. JANE'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Jane sitting next to Aaron making detailed timing notes as she
text: screens the material shot that day on a portable monitor unit.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Where's where I asked him about
dialog: being scared?
dialog: (then)
dialog: You should work on your speech.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: No. It makes me nervous to think
dialog: about it. Let's do this.
text: She consults her notes and goes back to the exact spot.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (on tape)
dialog: All this business of war -- do you
dialog: get scared?
dialog: J.D.
dialog: (on tape; he smiles)
dialog: Uh-uh.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I'm a little freaked right now about
dialog: seeing my father though.
text: He laughs self-consciously and turns briefly away.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I love that turn away.
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: Jane is at the lectern in the darkened auditorium as two large
text: monitors display some taped news pieces she has assembled. On
text: the lectern is a sign telling us we are at the Conference of
dialog: Local Television News Broadcasters.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (in darkness)
dialog: There's a point I'm trying to make
dialog: about these pieces coming up.
text: A WOMAN'S OUTLINE blacked out from behind -- her VOICE
scene_heading: ELECTRICALLY DISGUISED.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (o.s.; angrily)
dialog: I don't think any client of mine
dialog: makes less than fifty thousand dollars
dialog: a year which means they can afford the
dialog: best and you're damn right I feel good
dialog: that that includes me.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - ANOTHER WOMAN
text: in blackness, her VOICE DISGUISED.
speaker_heading: WOMAN TWO
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: No. You'd be surprised at who a
dialog: working girl meets. I've been a
dialog: working girl for what? -- over a year
dialog: anyway and that must be a thousand
dialog: men and I don't think there's an age
dialog: or type that hasn't been in there.
scene_heading: INTERVIEWER'S VOICE
dialog: (voice over)
dialog: Policemen? -- Doctor? -- Lawyer...?
speaker_heading: WOMAN TWO
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Oh, sure. Television reporters.
text: A laugh from the audience. There is a:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - FULL FIGURE
text: A WOMAN in blackness.
speaker_heading: WOMAN THREE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: I'm seventeen now and I've been
dialog: working the streets for two years
dialog: and I guess to be honest -- I stopped
dialog: thinking of it as temporary.
text: The lights come up on the room. The two screens go black...
text: there is general APPLAUSE. Jane blinks nervously.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Please don't applaud.
speaker_heading: ON AUDIENCE
text: Sitting in groups of three -- NEWS TEAM from around the country,
dialog: remarkably similar in comparison...a great looking woman, good
text: looking man (either young or attractively avuncular) and a Black
text: or Hispanic. They still APPLAUD -- not yet having grasped the
text: sincerity of Jane's plea which she presses with more urgency.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Please. Don't!!
dialog: (she yells)
dialog: I gathered these pieces as an
dialog: example of what's WRONG with local
dialog: television news.
text: The applause stops.
speaker_heading: JANE
text: The excerpts from THREE SEPARATE
dialog: SERIES on prostitution were
scene_heading: SIMULTANEOUSLY broadcast by all
dialog: stations in one city during sweeps
dialog: week. By what bend of either or
dialog: suspension of duty is that broadcast
dialog: news?
text: She pauses half a beat for possible applause -- hearing none,
text: she continues. An anchorman sneezes -- four people shout
text: "gesundheit" simultaneously -- they laugh.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: The legacy of Edward R. Murrow,
dialog: Eric Sevareid, William Shirer,
dialog: David Brinkley and Walter Cronkite
text: is being squandered in a desperate
dialog: popularity contest. Our profession
dialog: is in danger:
speaker_heading: TRACKING SHOT
text: As Jane continues, REVEALING that the news team now have even
dialog: more in common. They do not like Jane.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Yesterday's compliment has somehow
dialog: managed to become today's kiss of
dialog: death. To be considered a serious
text: journalist is no longer flattering.
dialog: It presents the risk of being labeled
dialog: ponderous, or worse yet, elitest,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: SHOT CONTINUES
text: Women playing with their hair, young man bored...one
text: middle-aged anchorman fusses with a spot on his tie...
speaker_heading: ON JANE
text: Briefly departing from text.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: All of you know what I'm talking about.
dialog: We're all trying to act together than
dialog: we are. But we care. So, we're all
dialog: secretly terrified, aren't we?
text: Not a peep -- she is thrown but doggedly presses on with her
text: prepared speech though her throat constricts a bit, her voice
text: begins to rasp.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: We are being increasingly influenced
dialog: by the star system. The network
dialog: anchormen are so powerful they
dialog: compromise our last best hope. The
dialog: current group is clearly qualified,
dialog: tied still to our best traditions, but
dialog: who follows these men?
text: TRACKING SHOT MOVES TO TOM GRUNICK
text: Seated with other members of his news team, a young blonde
text: woman whose hand is resting on his inner leg, a good looking
text: Hispanic. Tom feels a growing excitement -- Jane is not just
text: a speaker, she seems a savior.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Wow.
text: His female colleague looks at him.
speaker_heading: FEMALE COLLEAGUE
dialog: Oh, I've known so many women like
dialog: that. They don't like their looks
dialog: so they're angry.
text: BACK TO JANE
text: Fumbling with her cards, sunk but game -- gamer than she would
dialog: wish.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I was going to talk about other
dialog: trends but...
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: ...the magazine shows, news at
dialog: profit, influence of
dialog: Entertainment Tonight, the danger, the
dialog: hope, the dream, the question...Oh, I
dialog: was going to show you a tape -- a story
dialog: that was carried by all networks on the
dialog: same night -- the same night -- not one
dialog: network noted a major policy change in
dialog: Salt Two nuclear disarmament talks...
dialog: Here's what they ran instead...Go ahead.
dialog: Show the tape.
speaker_heading: ON MONITORS
text: Showing the Japanese Domino Championships as broadcast by all
dialog: networks in the Spring of 1985. It is quite spectacular -- the
text: dominoes falling into one another provoking waves, crossing tiny
text: bridges, setting off little fireworks. JANE'S AUDIENCE applauds
text: loudly and squeals with delight.
speaker_heading: ON SCENE
text: Jane between the two monitors. She begins to speak loudly OVER
text: the AUDIENCE NOISES of approval.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: I know it's good film. I know it's
dialog: fun. I like fun. It's just not news.
dialog: (as they continue
dialog: to applaud)
dialog: Well, you're lucky you love it --
dialog: you're going to get a lot more just
dialog: like it.
scene_heading: STRAY VOICE - SHOUT "GOOD"
speaker_heading: OTHER ANGLE
text: Jane sitting rocked into momentary catatonia, by the event.
text: Dazed as an animal stung by a tranquilizer dart. She takes
text: some irregular breaths waiting for normal life to return.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Tom the last person remaining in the room. He approaches her --
text: she is totally unaware of his presence, even when he casually
text: mounts the stage with an athletic leap. It takes courage for
text: Tom to fully intrude himself, which he now does:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hello.
text: She looks up at him.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON TOM
text: Earnest, nervous -- handsome...Just when she needed a mirage
dialog: there it is.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I just wanted to tell you how great
dialog: you were. My name's Tom Grunick.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (dumbly)
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (then)
dialog: They hated me. I don't hate them.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well, they say if you can reach
dialog: even one person, it means something...
dialog: And you did that.
text: Jane looks up at his smile -- a beat then:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Would you like to have dinner
dialog: with me?
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Jane arrives at the maitre d' stand. She has attempted to dress
text: up to the extent that packing for a short-day trip allows. She
text: looks for Tom. Tom rises from a table and is immediately at
dialog: her side.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Hi. I was worried I was early.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I was a lot earlier.
text: They are lead to a table and sit down.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I kept thinking what a great break
dialog: it was for me to get to see you
dialog: tonight. More than a great break,
dialog: maybe just what I needed...just when
dialog: I needed it...Angel of mercy --
dialog: godsend...lifesaver...what?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (picking one)
dialog: I like "godsend."
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I haven't been in news that long.
dialog: I've just been looking for the
dialog: right person to talk to. I have
dialog: about two thousand questions for you.
text: He notices that her head has gone into her hands where it
text: continues to rest. He looks at her a beat.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It's possible now's not the right
dialog: time.
text: She lifts her head.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: If we could just eat first.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Totally understood. Totally
dialog: wrong of me to talk shop after
dialog: the day you've had. Totally
dialog: sorry.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Nooo. If I could just have a
dialog: roll, I'd be okay.
text: She takes a roll from the roll plate. He smiles at her. She
text: takes a bite.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: EXT. CONVENTION HOTEL - NIGHT
text: As they walk along -- dumping occasionally and self-consciously.
text: Jane is feeling a version of being turned on -- that is, a little
text: adrift and temporarily free of obligations. She is open to
text: making a memorable mistake.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Another thing I can't stand --
dialog: Is this dull?
text: Tom shakes his head almost violently.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No, no, no, no...
text: Jane looks at him curiously -- then:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (broadly)
dialog: Another thing I can't stand is
dialog: ...when White House reporters
dialog: bullshit with each other after
text: a briefing and then one of them
dialog: has a theory and the other quotes
dialog: it in his story as "White House"
dialog: sources say...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: That actually goes on...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Yes. My room is down here --
dialog: I'm not tired. Do you want to
dialog: keep talking?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yes, sure.
scene_heading: INT. JANE'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: A small good room -- her working paraphernalia very much in
dialog: evidence...the quality briefcase...the reams of well organized
text: notes...the thick contact book -- Jane is sitting on the bed --
text: Tom, not far away in the room's only chair. One lamp is on
text: and it serves to place Jane in the shadows and cast Tom in an
text: enormously flattering light. MUSIC comes from her miniature
text: portable STEREO system.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Come on...Even I'm not that
dialog: hard on myself.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No, I really got this job on a
dialog: fluke and wait till you hear where
text: it ends up.
text: Jane smiles a calming smile.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I was doing sports at the station.
dialog: The newspaper ran this untrue story
dialog: that I was leaving and they got all
dialog: these tons of protest mail. So they
dialog: made me anchor.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: So great -- right?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Except I'm no good at what I'm being
dialog: a success at.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: How are you at back rubs?
text: Jane shifts her position so that her back is to Tom... He is
text: immobilized by the sudden turn. Jane waits, just a bit longer
text: than it would take a man to run from the chair to her side before
text: experiencing the ghost-like clutch of rejection. She moves
text: briskly past the moment -- grabbing a "good night" chocolate
text: from the pillow and munching it as she return to his agenda.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: It's sort of normal -- the way you
dialog: feel. In graduate school everyone
dialog: thought the only mistake the
dialog: admission committee made was letting
dialog: them in.
text: He moves to the bed.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Listen to me. You keep on thinking
dialog: I'm somebody ho lacks...confidence.
dialog: That's not it. I know I can talk well
dialog: enough and I'm not bad at making contact
dialog: with people, but I don't like the
dialog: feeling that I'm pretending to be a
dialog: reporter.
dialog: (cont'd)
dialog: And half the time I don't really get
dialog: the news I'm talking about. It isn't
dialog: that I'm down on myself. Trust me,
dialog: I stink.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (levelly)
dialog: I trust you.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I didn't even have the chance to get
dialog: really good at sports. I wasn't bad.
dialog: I thought I was starting to do
dialog: interesting features but hockey is
dialog: big at the station and...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: What about the obvious remedy?
dialog: Reversing things. Maybe getting a
text: job on a newspaper.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I don't write.
text: Jane laughs or, more accurately, scoffs as Tom Continues.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: But that didn't stop me from
dialog: sending out audition tapes to
dialog: bigger stations and the networks.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Well, come on -- it is your life.
dialog: Nobody is tying you to the fast
dialog: track. Did you go to college?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: One year...almost one year.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: So, you're not well educated and
dialog: you have almost no experience and
dialog: you can't write.
text: He nods agreement.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: And I'm making a fortune.
text: Jane laughs very briefly -- then rubs her face vigorously with
text: her hands... He's making her feel a little crazy. She gets off
dialog: the bed.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: It's hard for me to advise you
dialog: since you personify something that
dialog: I truly think is dangerous.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (holding it in)
dialog: I agree with you -- you're not qualified.
dialog: (letting it out)
dialog: So get qualified. You can insist on
dialog: being better prepared. You don't have
dialog: to just leave it as...
dialog: (mimicking him)
dialog: 'I don't write. I'm not schooled.
dialog: I don't understand the news I'm reading.
dialog: But at least I'm upset about it, folks.'
text: A beat, then he mumbles softly to himself.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Whoa, this was a mistake.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Just what do you want from me, anyway?
dialog: Permission to be a fake? Stop whining
dialog: and do something about it.
text: He gets up to leave. She follows him.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Well, you don't have to start right now.
text: He turns to her.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I hated the way you talked to me just
dialog: now...and it wasn't just because you
dialog: were right.
text: He exits.
scene_heading: INT. JANE'S HOTEL - NIGHT
text: She is on the phone.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: No. It wasn't just the speech --
dialog: the same thing happened with this
dialog: guy. I have passed some line some
dialog: place. I am beginning to repel people
dialog: I'm trying to seduce.
scene_heading: INT. AARON'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: As he talks with Jane.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (agreeably)
dialog: He must have been great-looking, right?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Why do you say that?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Because nobody invites a bad-
text: looking idiot to their bedroom.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Okay. Let's do me.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Okay. I feel like I'm slipping but
dialog: do people who are actually slipping
dialog: feel that way or is it always the
dialog: really good people who are moving up
dialog: who invariably think they're slipping
dialog: because their standards are so high?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: This conversation is not worthy of you.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I'd give anything if that were true.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Good night.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Wouldn't this be a great world if
dialog: insecurity and desperation made us
dialog: more attractive? If needy were a
dialog: turn-on?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Call if you get weird.
scene_heading: INT. JANE'S HOTEL - NIGHT
text: She hangs up -- pulls back the bedspread on the double bed --
text: on the other half are papers, schedules -- tapes. She doesn't
text: clear them off so that she is literally sleeping with her work.
text: The PHONE RINGS.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (answering)
dialog: I was just thinking it was the
dialog: shortest phone conversation we
dialog: ever had.
scene_heading: EXT. PHONE BOOTH
text: A deserted well-lit area. Tom on the phone.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I never told you the reason I was
dialog: telling you everything for.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (pleasantly surprised
dialog: it's him)
dialog: Hey?
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
speaker_heading: ON TOM
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Those audition tapes I sent out...
dialog: I've been hired by your network for
dialog: the Washington bureau. So I'll
dialog: probably see you at work. Sorry.
text: Jane is rocked and soured.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: What???
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON D.C. STREET - MORNING
text: Jane and Aaron walking to work -- agitated.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: They didn't hire Peter Stiller from
dialog: the Times and he had a great
dialog: audition tape.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You want to start going over who they
dialog: could have gotten? They can't take on
dialog: people like this for network news. For
dialog: God's sake. What's going on?
scene_heading: INT. NEWS BUILDING LOBBY - DAY
text: Tom arrives for first day of work.
scene_heading: INT. ERNIE MERRIMAN'S OFFICE
text: ERNIE MERRIMAN is the network's Washington Bureau Chief. He
dialog: is in his early 60's, has worked for the network about 40 years
text: -- part of the golden age -- a family man, an honorable man,
text: a good guy. Right now he is welcoming Tom to the network
text: thereby good-naturedly helping with the destruction of all he
text: holds dear. As he hands Tom his credentials:
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Any particular area you feel
dialog: strongest in?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: To be honest, I was best at anchor.
text: Ernie gives him a long look -- is he kidding?
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Why don't you take a few days observing
dialog: the system? Then we'll put you on
dialog: general assignment.
scene_heading: EDITING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Two small TV monitors -- a smallish room. Jane goes over her
text: timing notes which correspond to the time code SUPERED on the
text: monitors. BOBBIE -- an extraordinarily silent man -- is doing
text: Jane's bidding. On the monitor we SEE the mercenary piece
text: which Jane is editing against a tightening deadline. The
text: PHONE RINGS periodically -- Jane conducting abrupt conversations
text: which continuing to edit. The pressure is palpable to begin
text: with but builds and builds; almost like a family fight getting
text: out of hand and threatening to bend lives. Through it all, Jane
text: remains remarkable calm. Her focus is amazing; her command sexy.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (consulting notes)
dialog: Go back to 316, Bobbie. The sound
dialog: bite in the cab -- it starts, 'I
dialog: don't know how I'll feel...'
speaker_heading: BOBBIE
dialog: We could...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Please, Bobbie, we're pushing.
text: As Bobbie expertly reverses the tape, Tom's face appears in
text: the glass doorway and then he enters the already crowded room --
text: Jane's eyes click to him briefly. She makes not a move to
text: welcome him. He pauses, but is committed and tries to find
text: a piece for himself against the wall.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: They said I should observe the...
text: Jane is distracted by the noise... Tom leaning over towards her.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: They said it would be okay if...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: We're working here!! You can stand
dialog: over in the uh, uh, uh...
text: She momentarily can't think of the word 'corner.' Then back
dialog: to Bobbie:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Play back the last line...
speaker_heading: BOBBIE
dialog: He said something about...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Let me hear it!
text: Bobbie, taking the sharp commands with ever increasing,
text: yet still repressed resentment.
text: The Assistant Director, BLAIR LITTON, enters the editing room.
text: She is about 26 and every night since she got her job as
text: Assistant Director she has been the first to crack under pressure.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: We'll need it in ten minutes. We're
dialog: putting it directly into...
text: Jane holds up a finger of warning to Blair as she picks up a
text: ringing phone and talks to Bobbie at the same time.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Craig, just a second --
dialog: (to Bobbie)
dialog: Let me hear it!
dialog: Through much of this chaos we focus on:
speaker_heading: TOM
text: Wedged into an uncomfortable position between two tape racks --
text: He is wide-eyed at this circus of tension and fear. His eyes
text: dart around constantly -- trying to take in as much as he can,
text: always returning with wonder to focus on Jane.
speaker_heading: MERCENARY
dialog: (voice over)
dialog: It's been a long time since I've seen
dialog: my folks and all but...I don't expect
dialog: any big-deal homecoming.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Stop there.
dialog: (into phone she's
dialog: been holding)
dialog: I want to shoot a picture from
dialog: a book I have in the office.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: You don't have time. Not a chance.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I'll be right down. It's right tight.
text: She crosses out.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: I've got to tell Ernie...because
dialog: there isn't enough time.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Yes, there is.
text: Blair leaves, as Jane gathers up her notes. She charges out
text: leaving Tom awkwardly along with Bobbie.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'm Tom Grunick. I started on
dialog: General Assignment today.
text: Bobbie stops the machine, turns in his chair and shakes hands.
text: Then he smiles secretly and speaks his first full sentence.
speaker_heading: BOBBIE
dialog: I don't think she's going to make it.
text: Tom exits.
scene_heading: INT. BUREAU NEWSROOM
text: Aaron is having a theoretical discussion with Ernie and
text: JENNIFER MACK, a correspondent in her early 40's, a pioneer
text: beauties in news. She is well-schooled, bred, trained and
text: known... GEORGE WEIN, a black correspondent in his 40s, and
dialog: MARTIN KLEIN, formerly with the Johnson administration --
text: State Department correspondent for the network.
speaker_heading: KLEIN
dialog: Okay, what about this? Here's a
dialog: tough ethical one. Would you tell
dialog: a source that you loved them just
dialog: to get some information?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Jennifer didn't know there
dialog: was an alternative.
dialog: Jennifer laughs that laugh one always hopes beautiful women
text: will laugh when one says something funny. Aaron smiles at her.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Here's one. They allow us to have
text: cameras at an execution in Florida.
dialog: Do you broadcast tape of the guy in
text: the chair when they turn on the
dialog: voltage?
speaker_heading: KLEIN
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Absolutely.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: You bet.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Nothing like wrestling with a
dialog: moral dilemma is there?
text: Blair enters the scene, Tom trailing several feet behind,
text: continuing to monitor the budding deadline crises.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: Excuse me, Ernie, we're several minutes
text: to air and Jane's shooting an insert
dialog: still for tonight's piece.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: She knows how much time she has.
text: Blair flashes a tortured smile -- panic is growing.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: Okay. I just wanted you to know.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: What is she shooting?
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: Norman Rockwell's 'Homecoming.'
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (thinks then)
dialog: Oh, that's nice...
dialog: (walking away)
dialog: We'll need some new lines.
scene_heading: INT. EDITING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Jane up against it now -- but still seemingly calm. Tom
text: watching, keeps on glancing at the clock fascinated,
dialog: impressed.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Okay, Bobbie, just a two-second
dialog: dissolve to the Rockwell.
speaker_heading: BOBBIE
dialog: Should I...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (interrupting)
text: Just a two-second dissolve.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: (hurting)
dialog: Oh, Jesus, we have three minutes...
dialog: Why do you do this to me. Is it
dialog: because I won an award?
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING BOOTH - NIGHT
text: Where Aaron is writing his last line on a folded over piece of
text: paper even as he gets ready to record. He times it with a
dialog: stop watch.
speaker_heading: AARON
text: Norman Rockwell's enduring portrait
dialog: of a Homecoming The return of a
dialog: fighting man has always been one of
dialog: the more moving ceremonies of war...
text: Tearful women, proud men, excited
dialog: children. But J.D. Singer was right --
dialog: his homecoming was no big deal.
scene_heading: INT. EDITING ROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: We have a minute and a half. It's my
dialog: responsibility to tell them we won't
dialog: be ready.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Uh-uh. We're be ready.
text: Blair glances frantically at her watch.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: In 84 seconds?
speaker_heading: ON CLOCK
text: Sweeping from 28 minutes to -- 84 seconds from deadline. Aaron
text: walks in, Jane looks up.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (hopefully)
dialog: Nine seconds.
speaker_heading: AARON
text: Eleven and a half.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Oh, God. Back it, Bobbie -- Bobbie?
scene_heading: ALMOST SIMULTANEOUS DIALOGUE FOLLOWS. IT BUILDS UNTIL IT
text: DUPLICATE THE SOUND OF LOUD AND BAWDY SEX.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: You're saying 'Oh, God..." They are
dialog: going to go to up and the screen will
dialog: be black -- they're going to go to black
dialog: because we're not there. How about
dialog: careers, huh? How about careers?
speaker_heading: ON CLOCK
text: 42 seconds away.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: We're not going to make it.
text: Bobbie makes a small bobble -- Jane giving the merest evidence
text: of the strain, scratching her face repeatedly.
speaker_heading: BOBBIE
dialog: Whoops.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: (unravelling)
dialog: Whoops?!? Whoops?!? No, please...
dialog: no, ooh, ahhh, ohhh.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Shit, shit, shit...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (caught up)
dialog: You're almost there, you can do it --
dialog: can do -- can do.
text: And as the pitch reaches its zenith, 27 seconds left. Bobbie
text: hands the tape to Blair.
speaker_heading: BOBBIE
dialog: Ready.
scene_heading: INT. NEWSROOM - NIGHT
text: Blair hikes up her skirt and takes off.
speaker_heading: VARIOUS SHOTS
text: Our "chase scene" as Blair soars through the newsroom, leaping a
text: chair smoothly, smashing her leg against a table in full flight,
text: the adrenaline deadening the pain -- she arrives at a waiting
text: elevator -- uses a key dangling from her neck to unlock it... jumps
text: nervously during the ride and now, in FULL EXTENDED FLIGHT, barrels
text: down the long corridor heading to the control room where she
text: arrives; slamming the tape into a technician's hand even as it is
text: introduced on the air.
scene_heading: INT. NEWSROOM - NIGHT
text: Aaron, Jane, the others looking at the end of the piece on the
text: air -- Tom in the b.g. as Blair enters -- relaxed, almost jaunty.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: I was a little nervous there for
dialog: a minute.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Oh, come on -- tell us another.
speaker_heading: ON MONITOR
text: The end of the piece -- the Rockwell painting giving way to the
text: mercenary's actual homecoming which matches the portrait. The
text: irony works nicely. The network anchorman comes up for his close.
text: BILL RORISH, 50 years old and able to flutter much younger pulses.
text: He is able and experienced -- a reporter who has become a
dialog: journalistic king.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (on monitor, smiling)
dialog: Bill Rorish...Thank you...Good night.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Look at that smile. Oh, that was
dialog: good and oh my, Bill smiled -- he
dialog: liked it.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: He loved it. Big smile.
text: He gives Jane a congratulatory sock in the shoulder which she
text: returns -- Tom in the b.g. of the SHOT.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: I haven't seen Bill smile like that
dialog: in weeks.
text: Ernie has walked a few steps to the office.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: Ernie, you missed his close... He smiled.
dialog: (mimicking)
dialog: Thank you...Good night.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: I saw the smile -- good piece.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I'm gonna go look at it again.
text: They leave -- Aaron waving to Tom who stands in the b.g. The
text: others leave. Tom approaches Jane.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'm sorry if I was in the way. It
dialog: was totally impressive. Great piece.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (somewhat formal)
dialog: You weren't. Thanks. How does it
dialog: feel being here?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I can't believe I'm really here. No
dialog: kidding. If you're through work now --
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: No. Aaron and I go to Central America
dialog: on Wednesday -- so I'm cramming.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I thought you were incredible in there.
dialog: I know how much I have to learn. I'd
dialog: really -- a lot -- appreciate it...if...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: 'Really a lot appreciate it...'
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You make me nervous. Anyway if I
dialog: can pick your brain --
text: Jane grimaces at "pick your brain."
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I can't help you, sorry. I'm not
dialog: here to teach remedial reporting.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: And it has nothing to do with the fact
dialog: I left your room instead of staying
dialog: there?
text: Jane looks at him.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Oh, please.
dialog: (then, almost gently)
dialog: You're gonna have to understand
dialog: something. This isn't personal.
text: She exits.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL AMERICAN JUNGLE - MORNING
text: As Aaron, Jane and their CREW march along with a CONTRA SQUAD deep
text: in their own conversation. Except for the DIN of TROPICAL BIRDS
text: they seem almost like a cranky married couple on their way to work.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I didn't sleep. They're giving me less
dialog: and less air time. They don't think
dialog: I'm at all anchor material.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: If we don't get to their camp soon,
dialog: we won't be able to tape the supplies
text: coming in.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Last time Paul was sick they gave
dialog: Connie the weekend news instead of me.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You spend too much time -- much too
dialog: much worrying about that crap...
dialog: (suddenly reacting)
dialog: Oh good.
text: They have entered a clearing where supplies have been dropped,
text: the Guerrillas already tearing apart boxes with army boots
dialog: inside.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON
text: A guerrilla soldier rubbing his shoeless foot. A pair of new boots
text: sit alongside him. Jane's Cameraman prepares to shoot, saying in
dialog: Spanish, then English:
speaker_heading: CAMERAMAN
dialog: Put on the boot.
text: Jane rushes into the scene incensed.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Stop! We are not here to stage the news.
dialog: Wait and see what he does.
text: Then to the totally confused soldier.
speaker_heading: JANE (cont'd)
dialog: Sir, you do whatever you want. It's
dialog: your choice.
text: By now there is a fair-sized cluster of armed men as well as
text: the news team staring at the guerrilla, who is at loss as to
text: what is expected. He looks to Jane, who can offer no help
text: save her own determination not to interfere. Finally he puts
text: on the boot.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (to Cameraman)
dialog: Okay.
text: He shoots the scene.
scene_heading: INT. HAY ADAMS HOTEL
text: Tom, in shirt and tie, is on the phone. This is a big day.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Okay, I'll meet the crew there then.
dialog: Could you give me that address again?
dialog: Great. Yes, it's good to finally be
dialog: getting to work. Okay that's
dialog: 17204? 1-7-2-0-4. Thanks.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY - DAY
text: As Tom gets directions from the CONCIERGE.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: It's only ten minutes if you prefer
dialog: to walk...
dialog: (as he walks away)
dialog: I'll look for you on the news tonight.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL - DAY
text: Tom has a real sense of the moment -- of having arrived. The
text: strange bubble of pleasure rises to the surface as he walks off
text: to cover his first story. He laughs out loud, loving his lot.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTRAL AMERICAN JUNGLE - LATER AFTERNOON
text: Jane in the f.g. with her crew while Aaron talks in rapid Spanish
text: to the GUERRILLA LEADERS.
speaker_heading: AARON (in Spanish)
dialog: Are you guys kidding or do you really
dialog: think you'll run into something...?
dialog: I mean, do you feel that every time
dialog: and it never happens? Or is it the
dialog: first time it felt that way and it's
dialog: going to happen?... I mean, how bad
dialog: can it be?... Are you nervous...?
dialog: What's the chances on a scale of one
dialog: to ten -- that we're going to be in
dialog: a war within the next few hours?...
dialog: Really?
text: He starts to walk towards Jane -- one of the men he was
text: talking with calling after him with an added thought.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Thanks, you speak English very well
dialog: too.
dialog: (to Jane)
dialog: Great news. He says they've been
dialog: engaging the Sandinistas pretty
dialog: regularly and that he'd be really
dialog: surprised if we didn't take fire
dialog: tonight.
text: Jane reacts -- a flash of exhilaration. Aaron is amazed at her
dialog: attitude.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Look at her.
dialog: (to Jane)
dialog: If anything happens to me tell every
dialog: woman I've ever dated I was talking
dialog: about them at the end. That way they'll
dialog: have to reevaluate me.
text: Jane laughs out loud, attracting the Guerrillas' attention.
text: Aaron repeats his speech in Spanish. The Guerrillas laugh.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - NIGHT
text: Aaron and Jane in line behind the Guerrillas. They HEAR A SHOT.
text: The head of the patrol gestures -- deploying his men. Aaron
text: grabs Jane and heads for some cover to the left. As they run --
text: more SHOTS. Jane in work mode. As soon as they settle.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Let's tape.
speaker_heading: CAMERAMAN
dialog: (Spanish accent)
text: Much too dark. Black.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: That's okay.
scene_heading: ON AARON BARELY DISCERNIBLE
text: As they start taping he is breathless with the nervousness of
text: the nearly gunfire.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: The first shots were fired not thirty
dialog: seconds ago. The Contras feel they
dialog: must be outnumbered this is so small
dialog: a unit: that's a given. Still they
dialog: hold their ground despite the fact
dialog: that their weapons have been acting
text: up -- misfiring or jamming. A new
dialog: shipment of rifles is expected tomorrow --
dialog: all they got today were the shoes.
text: There is the SOUND OF GUNFIRE.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (to Cameraman)
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (to Aaron)
text: Great line at the end.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Did you shoot their boots?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: We can cut back at the end.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: To the pan of the supplies boxes --
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Can you believe it? I just risked my
dialog: life for a network that tests my face
dialog: with focus groups.
scene_heading: EXT. GOVERNMENT BLDG - AFTERNOON
text: Tom, squashed in amidst a small mob of reporters... behind a
text: police line. He HEARS a reporter next to him say:
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: I think he's coming out now.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (to his crew)
text: They say he's coming out now.
text: A surge.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (to Reporter)
dialog: Is that him?
speaker_heading: TOM'S CAMERAMAN
dialog: Yes.
text: Tom checks his notes.
scene_heading: INSERT - TOM'S BLACK BOOK
dialog: The same model we've seen Jane use. A list of questions
text: written in big color highlighted letters. As he looks down
text: to study them, everyone else moves suddenly off.
speaker_heading: TOM'S P.O.V.
text: The mass of journalists and technicians shouting questions.
dialog: "Will you dispatch troops?" after the Ambassador they've been
text: awaiting -- clumping on his limo and then being shaken by the
text: movement of the vehicle.
speaker_heading: ON TOM
text: Standing alone and forlorn as his crew trots back.
speaker_heading: CAMERAMAN
dialog: (observing Tom)
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I had a lot of questions here. I
dialog: missed the story.
speaker_heading: CAMERAMAN
dialog: Don't worry, it's okay. I got
text: a piece of his face.
scene_heading: EXT. GUERRILLAS CAMP - MORNING
text: Jane is standing -- talking to her crew. Others asleep
text: in b.g. -- a drowsy, morning-after feeling.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Are you all packed and ready?
speaker_heading: CAMERAMAN
dialog: The stuff in the dark is not good.
dialog: Nobody wants news lit like that.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Will you just get packed?
text: She waves him off -- then she walks several yards away, holding
text: a knapsack in her hand. She takes off a brush and runs it
text: through her hair -- opens a plastic case and takes out a travel
text: toothbrush, brushes her teeth and rinses her mouth with water
text: from her canteen. She puts everything back in place, then looks
text: about, sobs for several beats. One of the Guerrillas hears her
text: sobbing and enters the scene -- he stands a respectful distance
text: away. Jane finishes, notices him, makes a face by way of
text: explanation, and exits the scene feeling measurably better.
scene_heading: INT. WASHINGTON CONTROL ROOM - NIGHT
text: The Washington Control Room. Jennifer, Jane, Aaron, Blair stand
text: watching the intro to the Central American piece. Tom stands in
text: the distant b.g. There are over a dozen monitors -- including
text: one which is constantly on the anchor man, Bill Rorish.
scene_heading: ON TELEVISION MONITORS
text: Bill Rorish on camera -- an INSERT behind showing Aaron in
text: blackness planted into a Central American map bordered by rifles.
text: A separate monitor shows the INSERT alone.
speaker_heading: BILL (voice over)
text: A fire fight along the Nicaraguan
dialog: border...in one minute.
text: The INSERT MOVES OUT AT US TO FILL THE SCREEN -- WE SEE Aaron's
text: dim outline and HEAR him say:
dialog: AARON (voice over; on camera)
dialog: The first shots were fired not thirty
dialog: seconds ago.
text: The MUSICAL "EVENING NEWS" SIGNATURE COMES IN ever-so-briefly.
text: The SCREEN GOES TO A COMMERCIAL -- as Blair screams
text: enthusiastically.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: Great graphic, great graphic.
text: Ernie ENTERS THE SCENE... He kisses Jane in greeting -- pats
text: Aaron on the back.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: You finally got a piece in a few
dialog: minutes early and I hear Bill loved it.
text: Jennifer gives Jane a mock pat on the back.
speaker_heading: ERNIE (continuing)
dialog: I have somebody downstairs who one of
text: the clerks brought in and vouches for.
dialog: He says he has something to say about
dialog: gays getting promotions at State...
dialog: It can't hurt to tape him.
speaker_heading: ON JANE
text: As she feels Tom staring at her -- turns and notices him
dialog: for the first time.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: How's it going?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Can I buy you dinner sometime soon?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (thrown)
dialog: I just got back -- I don't know
dialog: which end is up.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Okay.
text: In the b.g. WE MAY HAVE NOTICED Bill Rorish on one monitor as he
text: picks up the phone at his anchor desk, during the commercial
dialog: break.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: Jane! Bill Rorish wants to speak
dialog: to you at the break.
dialog: (as she hands it to her)
dialog: I never heard of him handing over
text: compliments in the middle of the
dialog: show.
text: There is a stillness in the Control Room as Jane speaks to the
text: anchor man in New York who WE CAN VIEW on a monitor.
speaker_heading: ON MONITOR
dialog: We see Bill Rorish.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Jane?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Well, darling, if it gets any better than
dialog: that, I'm going to have to bring you up
dialog: here to New York.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Thanks. I just wish you'd kept the first
dialog: twenty seconds.
text: Blair cringes at Jane's blunt reply.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: But thanks.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (over phone)
dialog: Well, the visual with the boots at the
dialog: end was just perfect.
text: Jane covers the mouthpiece and turns to Aaron.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: God, he loved the boots.
text: Aaron reaches happily for the phone.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Aaron should be hearing this so I
dialog: have an extra witness.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (over phone)
dialog: Well, you always want to give the
dialog: credit away, do you?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: No, I don't. He happens to deserve
dialog: the credit. He's right here.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (over phone)
dialog: I'll speak to you soon
text: We see Rorish over the monitor. He hangs up.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (to Aaron)
text: He had to read over some new copy.
text: We see on the monitor that this is not so. It's a very eggy moment
text: Aaron. Tom breaks the silence.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (to the rescue)
dialog: Okay if I watch you tape that interview
dialog: downstairs?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Yeah.
text: As he passes Jane he leans next to her and WE HEAR him WHISPER.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Please laugh so they think I'm not
dialog: dying inside but have so much style
dialog: I just said something funny.
text: Jane does her part enormously well -- laughing with amusement...
text: but her eyes blaze -- her friend has been needlessly humiliated.
text: Blair wants desperately to be inside Aaron's joke.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (as if still amused)
dialog: I'll never tell.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL TELEVISION STUDIO - NIGHT
text: BUDDY FELTON waits alone. A CAMERA CREW watches him. He is
text: well dressed, exceedingly nervous. He summons the courage to
dialog: ask a question.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Could I see how I photograph?
speaker_heading: CAMERAWOMAN
dialog: Huh? Sorry?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: 'Cause for the interview they're
dialog: going to use a screen and disguise
dialog: me to protect my anonymity so could
dialog: I see myself before that?
speaker_heading: CAMERAWOMAN
dialog: Sure.
text: The Camerawoman punches a button and immediately Buddy's image
text: comes up on a standing monitor on the studio floor. He's not
text: happy with the image -- but works at concealing his reaction --
text: gasping a bit of air -- trying to touch it. Aaron enters.
text: Tom smiles a friendly smile which flusters Buddy momentarily.
text: But again he almost manages to conceal his private rush. Buddy's
text: internal drama is such he invariably finds himself covering up,
text: fearful roomfuls of people will simultaneously guess his
dialog: thoughts.
text: Aaron directs him behind a screen and looks at his notes.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: It's Mr. Buddy Felton?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: That's your full name?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I might as well ask you the questions
dialog: on tape. Is that all right?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: You worked at one time as
dialog: Foreign Service Trainee in the
dialog: State Department.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I was there two years and was promoted
dialog: on merit nine times.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Eventually rising to...
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Office Bimbo.
dialog: (curbing his amusement)
dialog: No, I'm sorry.
text: Aaron is having a hard enough day, He is visibly annoyed.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: You're saying the fact that you're
dialog: gay had something directly to do with
dialog: your promotions?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Eventually rising to?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: G.S. I don't know.
dialog: (scratches his head)
dialog: I don't know numbers.
text: Tom laughs. Aaron shoots him a look.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: You're saying the fact that you're gay had
dialog: something directly to do with your promotions?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I don't like the word gay.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Which would you prefer?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Ravenous homosexual.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Stop the tape, okay. Forget it,
dialog: Ellen. Let's call security and
dialog: get him out.
text: As Aaron walks out -- Tom is momentarily fixed on the sight of Buddy
text: walking in small circles giving himself a talking to.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (self flagellating)
dialog: Great time to act out, Buddy. You
dialog: won't be happy until you turn the
dialog: whole world off.
text: He notices Tom.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: They're not really going to call
dialog: security are they?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No, I don't think so.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: How do I get out of here?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Follow me.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (dazzled)
dialog: You talked me into it.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - NIGHT
text: Tom distracted -- his day has been a bit of a bummer. Buddy
text: self conscious -- the proximity creating an almost unbearable
text: tension of romance and adventure.
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING LOBBY - NIGHT
text: A Guard on duty -- a BLACK WOMAN. She sees Buddy.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Oh, you're the gay guy. I was just
dialog: coming to find you.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I'm leaving.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (to Guard)
dialog: It's okay.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Walking. Buddy in step with him.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Sir?
text: Tom turns. Buddy talks rather quickly -- He cares very much
dialog: about leaving Tom with the right impression. The last words
dialog: of his speech he hadn't expected to say.
speaker_heading: BUDDY (cont'd)
dialog: Thank you for not shunning me and
dialog: all.
dialog: (more)
dialog: I really did have all that information
dialog: but I thought I might just be being
dialog: vindictive to get a little hunk of
dialog: the ol' spotlight. I know, horrible --
dialog: but I didn't do it, so okay? And
dialog: thanks again and would you like to
dialog: have a drink -- at a regular bar?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Oh, sure. Okay.
text: His heart racing, Buddy attempts casual matter-of-factness.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Is there a regular bar around here?
scene_heading: INT./ENT. REGULAR BAR - NIGHT
text: Tom and Buddy on adjoining stools. For Tom, the last weeks have
text: been humbling, antagonistic. He's enjoying Buddy who listens
text: attentively and wholeheartedly endorses every word Tom speaks.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I've been doing some morning show
dialog: stuff, but mostly radio -- that doesn't
dialog: bother me. I'm in no rush for
dialog: anything. It's just the snotty
dialog: attitude, even if I have it coming,
dialog: it's still...
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Bad manners.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yes. That's right.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I know...I mean you didn't do anything
dialog: special for me tonight. You just had
dialog: what I think are good manners, decency.
dialog: And it really makes me want to be nice
dialog: back and it has nothing to do with any
dialog: homosexual thing.
dialog: (looks right at him)
dialog: Honestly.
dialog: (then away)
dialog: Because I don't know if you've
dialog: homosexual or not and -- you're not,
dialog: are you?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No...no.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: One's enough.
text: Tom signals for the check.
speaker_heading: BUDDY (cont'd)
dialog: I wasn't doing anything.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I really have to go.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Okay. At least let me show my
dialog: appreciation. The Secretary of Labor
dialog: is going to be indicted on Wednesday.
dialog: For the graft thing he supposedly did
dialog: before he was appointed.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Yes, it's true. They're going to
dialog: make it public Wednesday but isn't
dialog: it a big deal for you to have it a
dialog: day and a half early?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yes. How do you know?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: My roommate's very social -- somebody
dialog: from Justice was over and...I always
dialog: hear things before they happen. Hey,
dialog: and from now on, so do you.
scene_heading: INT. ERNIE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: George Weln, the black correspondent and Tom are seated in the
text: office with Ernie -- they are in mid-meeting.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I'm virtually certain it's not true.
dialog: He may be indicted eventually, but I
dialog: don't think it will be this month.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: (to Tom)
dialog: You want to be alone with me --
dialog: tell me your source?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: If I told you I'm not sure it would
dialog: totally convince you, but I totally
dialog: believe the guy.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (insufferable)
dialog: Labor is my Department -- I can't
dialog: conform it and my contacts go very
dialog: deep.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: So if it's true -- I'm terrific,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: It's not even a close call. Of
dialog: course we can't go with it.
scene_heading: INT. EDITING ROOM - FOLLOWING DAY
text: Jane is working with Bobbie the editor... Snatches of the tape
dialog: make it obvious that the Labor Secretary has been indicted --
text: George Weln stands behind Jane, who is dialing a number.
speaker_heading: BOBBIE
dialog: Do you want him all the way to the
dialog: car?
speaker_heading: JANE
text: No stop where he's all besieged.
speaker_heading: BOBBIE
dialog: Because...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (to Bobbie)
dialog: Right there, Bobbie.
text: Tom enters.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: So he was indicted?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: We were right not to go with it.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: But I was right -- just somebody give
dialog: it to me. I had a good story.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (to George)
dialog: Give it to him -- so we can concentrate.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Ah, I don't want any credit. Bobbie
dialog: and I serve anonymously.
text: He pats Bobbie on the back... and exits.
speaker_heading: BOBBIE
dialog: (pausing in his work)
dialog: You know, I like Tom, because hi...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Bobbie, please.
scene_heading: INT. METRO BUS - DAY
text: Crowded rush hour... Buddy and Tom stand next to each other.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: ...and the White House is hoping to
dialog: keep a lid on it for a few days till
dialog: they figure out what to do.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Thanks a lot, Buddy.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (brushing it off)
dialog: Oh, please. So they were really
dialog: impressed with you at work.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Not impressed exactly -- but a break
text: in the clouds.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I see the change in you -- I see it.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE PRESS ROOM - DAY
text: The 10 A.M. briefing just breaking up -- Jennifer leaves her
text: network seat in the front row, only to be grabbed by Tom who
text: steers her outside.
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE HOUSE EAST WING - DAY
text: In the near distance a circular driveway and a silent armed
text: MARINE GUARD, standing at attention.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (to Jennifer)
dialog: So he bought this Peugeot sedan at
dialog: a greatly reduced price while he was
dialog: there in charge of the White House
dialog: Advance Team.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: How come you're not chasing it down
dialog: yourself?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Look, I'm junior man -- and it's
dialog: your beat.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Boy, that's nice...I wish we could
dialog: all deal with each other like this.
dialog: I'll check it. Anything I can do
dialog: for you?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: This is my first time at the White House.
dialog: Is there any chance to look at where
dialog: he works and the rest of it?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I didn't have the guts to ask when
dialog: I first came up. I'll get you a
dialog: great tour.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - EARLY EVENING
text: Buddy and Tom watching the Evening News as Jennifer finishes
dialog: her story.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (voice over; on TV set)
dialog: The President says it's not a violation
dialog: but nonetheless White House sources
dialog: say the full price will be paid for the
dialog: Peugeot and new rules will put future
dialog: bargain hunting off limits for
dialog: Presidential Aides. This is Jennifer Mack
text: at the White House.
text: Tom and Buddy smile at each other... energized -- up.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Forgive me, but it really is intoxicating
dialog: being a news source.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Nobody else had it.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I wish it were you giving the story.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: That's okay.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: What if we just don't tell them
dialog: anything anymore unless they let
dialog: you do the story?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No. Really...don't worry about it.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Okay. And look, in the future I can
dialog: call you when I have news for you.
dialog: Don't feel you have to spend time
dialog: with me just to get the information.
dialog: (a breath; then
dialog: to himself)
dialog: Well, that wasn't as hard to say as
dialog: you thought, was it, Buddy?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What do you mean? You're one of the
dialog: few people in this town I can talk
dialog: to.
text: Buddy puts his hand to his heart and makes a LOUD SOUND OF
text: RAPTURE.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Hoooo.
text: The BARTENDER and some nearby patrons turn and look. Tom shifts
dialog: with discomfort.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hey, Buddy, don't do that anymore.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (simply)
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: INT. WASHINGTON BUREAU - NIGHT
text: Jane waiting for an elevator... It comes and she steps on just
text: as Tom clearly excited comes around the bend from Ernie's office
text: calling for her. He goes to the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. WALKWAY - NIGHT
text: He runs out and sees Jane in the lobby below, then takes off
dialog: after her.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - NIGHT
text: As he enters and runs outside, looking in both directions then
text: running off to the right. A BEAT -- REVEALING Jane has stopped
text: to talk with Blair -- now she exits.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON STREET - NIGHT
text: Tom on the street, ahead of her, thinking he's behind her...
text: He runs another half a block and stops dejected... Turns to walk
text: back to the office. He keeps looking back to see if he missed
text: her, so that his head is turned as Jane reaches him, says a
dialog: fairly social:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Hi, how are you?
text: She keeps moving -- Tom spinning after her.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Wait -- I need you.
text: She stops.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I've got another story.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Some public official skipped a week
dialog: on his Christmas Club?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: The House Armed Service Committee
dialog: has a secret report which says that
dialog: the General Stillwell tank the Army
dialog: has dumped a fortune into plain
dialog: won't work. I have it cold,
dialog: confirmed. They have five million
dialog: dollars in this thing already.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Billion.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Okay, billion...right, of course.
dialog: They told me I could have any producer
dialog: I wanted -- and I want you.
text: As Tom savors the moment.
scene_heading: INT. TELEVISION STUDIO - EVENING
text: Various bureau personnel standing at their desks watching Tom's
text: piece being broadcast. We SEE a TANK MISFIRING.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (voice over)
dialog: One source referred to it as a
dialog: five billion dollar metal sculpture
text: to ugly to look at and too big to bury.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (to Jane)
dialog: You write this?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I write for you sometimes.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Not because you have to.
speaker_heading: ON MONITOR
text: We SEE a General walking away from Tom.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (voice over)
dialog: General Elton McGuire is in charge of
dialog: the weapon system.
scene_heading: ON MONITOR - TWO SHOT
speaker_heading: GENERAL
dialog: I've been in the Army twenty-seven
dialog: years -- so I'll let the Army ask
dialog: the questions, not you.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: General, I don't want to bother you
dialog: anymore or your family. But tomorrow
dialog: there will be a mob of me back here --
dialog: so, if you have anything to say, why
dialog: not say it now, sir, the way you want?
speaker_heading: ON TOM
text: He is a study.
text: Looking at himself -- and though it's far from his first time on
text: television -- it's the first time he's seen himself doing serious
dialog: work and, by all appearances, doing it well. As the General
dialog: answers in the b.g. --
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: I think it's great of us to have left
dialog: in what you said -- just great of us.
text: Tom smiles modestly.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Yeah, let's never forget. We're
dialog: the real story. Not them.
text: Tom and Jane look over -- then Tom looks to Jane for a verdict.
text: In the b.g., the news goes to a commercial.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Yeah, I know, I went back and forth
text: on it.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: I liked it. He's not afraid to be
dialog: human.
text: Ernie ENTERS THE SCENE with his fourteen-year-old DAUGHTER
text: in tow... He approaches Tom.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: My youngest wanted to meet you.
dialog: This is Ellie.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hi, Ellie.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: You should be honored -- she
dialog: never cares about meeting
dialog: anyone here. But she liked you
text: on television just now.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (entering scene)
dialog: Hi, Ellie -- remember me?
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: I'm sorry -- from where?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I've been to your house a lot...
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: (helping)
dialog: And Aaron went on that fourteen
dialog: day raft trip with us last year.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: (vaguely)
dialog: Oh yes -- hi.
scene_heading: INT. NEWSROOM - NIGHT (LATE)
text: Tom is on the phone.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hi, Dad...Did you see it? Great --
dialog: I'll send you a tape...I'm sorry I
dialog: haven't called. Things were a little
dialog: bumpy for a while. It's not important...
dialog: I'm fine now.
dialog: (what he's been
dialog: wanting to say aloud)
dialog: Hey, Dad -- I just may be able to
dialog: do this job...Well, I'm glad you
dialog: were sure.
scene_heading: INT. ERNIE MARRIMAN'S VIRGINIA HOME - DAY
text: Ernie is hosting the news staff for Sunday brunch -- they stand
text: around drinking in small groups... Aaron is standing with Blair
text: and a MAN in his fifties we have not seen before.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: I don't know why we have to feel
dialog: defensive about it. Newspapers
dialog: are in business to make money --
dialog: why not us?
text: Aaron looks at her in amazement.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: They criticize us for supposedly
text: pandering while they run WINGO
dialog: Games.
scene_heading: GREY HAIRED MAN
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Exactly right. Excuse me. I'm
dialog: paid to mix.
text: Blair and Aaron laugh appreciatively as he walks off to another
dialog: group.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: Goodbye, Paul.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Take care, Paul.
dialog: (back to Blair)
dialog: It takes a certain kind of courage
dialog: for you to say that in front of
dialog: the President of the News Division.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: You think anyone who's proud of
dialog: the work we do is an ass kisser.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: No. I think anyone who puckers their
text: lips and presses it against his boss'
text: buttocks and then smooches is an ass
dialog: kisser.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: My gosh, and for a while there, I was
dialog: attracted to you.
text: She walks off.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Wait a minute -- that changes
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: ON JANE
text: At the bar getting a drink.
text: Jennifer ENTERS THE SCENE... and leads Jane down the hall until
text: they are standing alone.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: This is very awkward.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Go ahead -- what?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Ummm -- it's dumb dorm stuff but
dialog: I see Tom around you a lot and this
dialog: is such a small office and I'd like
dialog: to see him outside of work, unless
dialog: there's some reason for you to mind...
dialog: in which case I just won't do anything.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: God Almighty -- Whew. Do I mind?
dialog: Why do I mind? I do mind. What
dialog: a shock -- I don't have a right to...
dialog: I don't think I like him. I know
dialog: I don't respect him...So what am
dialog: I talking about -- what am I saying
dialog: to you?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You're saying stay away from him.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (stupefied)
dialog: I can't be.
text: She blinks in wonder.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: We don't have to settle this
text: definitively right now.
text: Jennifer moves toward the drinking table -- Jane, unsteadied
text: by the dose of self-revelation, moves towards Aaron's circle
text: and scratches his back in friendship... Tom approaches an she
text: moves off -- not wanting to deal with him. She takes a few
text: breaths as she keeps walking. We HEAR snatches of PARTY
scene_heading: CONVERSATIONS, i.e:
speaker_heading: GEORGE WELN
dialog: Tell me one person who ever left
dialog: television news to work on a
dialog: newspaper.
text: She moves on; Tom still following.
speaker_heading: ERNIE'S WIFE
dialog: (holding Paul's arm)
dialog: I felt so proud when he turned
dialog: down News Vice President so we
dialog: could stay here. Suddenly, after
dialog: all these years, we have a life.
text: Jane turns -- sees that Tom is still looking at her from a few
text: feet away.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (badly)
dialog: Hi, Tom.
text: She stands there, genuinely frightened. She must deal with him
text: now. He crosses to her.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It's the firs time I've seen
dialog: you dressed like this. You look
dialog: so clean and pretty.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: What do you mean clean?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: At work there's always this
dialog: sort of film over you.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Well, thumps like me leave appearance
dialog: to guys like you.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You're great at taking the edge
dialog: off a good time.
text: Jane starts twitching. She pauses -- holds a hand lightly on
text: his arm to steady herself.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Yes. Just don't say anything mean
dialog: for a while. Thanks.
text: She meets his gaze for an instant -- and, in that instant, loses
text: control for the first time in her memory. She looks strange as
text: she retreats from this glimpse of upheaval.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I've got to find someone. It's
dialog: important. Excuse me.
text: She walks away.
scene_heading: ON AARON AND ERNIE
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: I had the strangest thing happen
dialog: yesterday. Anne and I have been
dialog: married what? -- Thirty-six years...
dialog: Everything fine -- two days after the
dialog: promotion came through, I was checking
dialog: myself in the mirror and she was
text: making a face at me behind my back.
dialog: So yesterday I looked in the mirror
text: and she was doing it again.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: You didn't say anything to her?
text: He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: My instincts tell me not to.
text: Annie comes up.
speaker_heading: ANNE
text: The office is phoning, honey.
text: He EXITS SCENE as Anne watches him go.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I hope he moves that fast when
dialog: it's me on the line.
speaker_heading: ON JANE
text: As she passes a chair with an afghan shawl on the back -- she
text: picks it up and wraps it around herself, a bit chilled. She
text: sees Jennifer on the stairs and moves toward her calling in a
text: too loud, anxiety-ridden voice as she goes.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Jennifer. Hey, Jennifer.
speaker_heading: ON STAIRCASE
text: Jennifer turning as Jane whips up the stairs.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Forget what I said -- you do
dialog: whatever you want to with him.
text: She pushes at Jennifer a little.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Well, there's nothing I'm going
dialog: to do right this second.
text: Jane pushes her again.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: But it's a party, right?
text: Jane smiles back feigning female bonding -- Jennifer goes back
text: down the steps and crosses to Tom.
speaker_heading: FULL SCENE
text: Aaron takes in Jane, who is taking in Jennifer and Tom -- then
text: Aaron begins to sense a new dynamic in the room as Ernie re-enters
text: and huddles briefly with Paul... The News President is intent...
text: The two of them walk over to Tom and Jennifer. We PICK UP just
dialog: a few words:
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: This would be a good time to tap
dialog: that source of yours. He could
dialog: have an angle or something.
speaker_heading: AARON'S P.O.V.
text: Tom is startled but cool -- nods his head -- Jennifer is amazed
text: looking at Tom with new and even prettier eyes... Paul and Ernie
text: now move toward Jane, a whole flow of movement creating a new
text: energy in the area. Jane sheds her Afghan as she rises to meet
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: (to Jane)
dialog: We want you to exec produce a
dialog: Special Report...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: What?
text: Aaron has come over to join them now in time to HEAR.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: A Libyan plane shot up one of our
dialog: bases in Egypt. It's all still
dialog: happening.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Let's figure out the field.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Unfortunately, since Paul's here,
dialog: he's made out the assignments...
text: Jennifer at the White House...
dialog: George at the Pentagon...Martin
dialog: at State...and we need an anchor
dialog: since Rorish is in his boat, so we're
dialog: gonna do the whole report this
dialog: afternoon from here...with Tom.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: That's it. I resign as of now.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: (to Aaron)
dialog: Stop it.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I'll tell you what. I'll stay if
dialog: Tom knows how to spell Gaddafi.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Ernie, as much as I like you, I
dialog: think I have to tell Paul what I
dialog: think, because this is really sort
dialog: of obscenely stupid.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Jane, if you want to, go ahead. I
dialog: don't disagree with you.
text: Jane moves quickly off, awed at the prospect of taking on the
dialog: big boss.
speaker_heading: ON JANE
text: As she moves past Tom who is talking on the phone, eventually
text: catching up with Paul. In the b.g. Tom has just HEARD the
text: "BEEP" of an ANSWERING MACHINE.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hello, Buddy. It's 1:35 -- and
dialog: this is Tom. You can reach me
dialog: at the office. It's important.
dialog: I can use a little help.
text: Jane, because of the proximity to Tom is speaking in whispered
dialog: intensity.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Tom isn't ready for the job
dialog: you're about to hand him. Not
dialog: near ready. Not by the longest
dialog: shot. Aaron's spent six weeks
dialog: in Tripoli, he's interviewed
dialog: Gaddafi -- he reported on the
dialog: Eight-one story. I think he's
dialog: essential to do the job we're
dialog: capable of and I think it's my
dialog: responsibility to tell you that.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Okay, that's your opinion. I
dialog: don't agree.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: It's not opinion.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: You're just absolutely right
dialog: and I'm absolutely wrong?
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: It must be nice to always believe
dialog: you know better. To think you're
dialog: always the smartest person in the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (from her depths)
dialog: No, it's awful. Oh my, it's awful.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (turning to leave)
dialog: We'd better get moving.
text: As they move out... Jane goes to Aaron... He moves with her
text: towards the door.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I'll tell you later -- where
dialog: you going to watch from?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Watch? --
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I'll come by your place, right
dialog: after...drink, take pills...
dialog: Love you.
text: She runs out the door. Aaron turns mean and mocks Jane's
text: last words -- screwing up his face in a savage burlesque.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Yeah, love you, too.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY - DAY
text: As Jane briefly pauses to see which war has room. Tom opens
text: the passenger seat of his car -- she gets in. It moves off.
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S CAR - DAY
text: As it moves off.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Nervous?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Excited.
text: Jane looks over at him -- there's no question he's just told
dialog: the truth.
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S OFFICE - DAY
text: In the b.g. we SEE the Bureau Newsroom beginning to pulse with
text: activity. Tom closes the door. He sits down behind his desk
text: and opens a bottom drawer -- a clean whit shirt lies there.
text: He opens the center drawer -- two ties are inside. He picks
text: one. He reaches for a package of new red suspenders. He takes
text: off the shirt and puts on the new one -- all of this the work
text: of an expert craftsman. By the time he finishes he looks like
dialog: the authority figure we know he's now.
scene_heading: INT. BUREAU NEWSROOM - JANE AND BLAIR
text: Jane is NOT hyper. She is purposeful -- organized -- even
text: calming Blair with a little physical contact -- a touch on
text: the arm, to still her colleague's hysterical demons.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Tell George and Jessica to try
dialog: and cover everything without
dialog: Tom having to ask additional
dialog: questions.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: And Bobbie says...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Did you hear what I just said --
dialog: do you have that? Take a breath.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: (a breath, then)
dialog: Yes.
text: In the b.g. Tom has exited his office and looks about --
text: waiting for some indication as to what to do next.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: And the most important thing
dialog: make sure his earpiece works,
dialog: have back-ups ready. That's
dialog: never been more vital. He
dialog: must be able to hear me at
text: every second and clearly.
text: Jane sees him. She moves across the room -- takes Tom by the
dialog: arm.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: We have twenty minutes -- you can
text: wait in the studio.
text: Tom coughs nervously into his hand and takes a pen from a
text: nearby desk, clips it into his inside pocket and walks off.
scene_heading: GRAPHICS ROOM - DAY
text: Jane is screening and asking corrections in a graphic
text: representation of an F-14 shooting down a Libyan Air Force
dialog: Mirage Fighter.
speaker_heading: JANE
text: Put in the radar plane that spotted
dialog: them to begin with.
speaker_heading: GRAPHIC ARTIST
dialog: We have no pictures on file.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I can't draw -- but this is a
dialog: rough idea.
text: She uses the stylus from the ELECTRONIC PAINT MACHINE to outline
text: an American Air Force E-2C Hawkeyes Radar Plane. Her work is
dialog: stunning.
scene_heading: INT. AARON'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: He has a glass in hand -- some chips on the table with a
text: bottle of wine as he selects a Cassette Desk to play. He picks
text: a French song -- looks at some of his books. He might even
text: read. He is feigning disinterest for an audience of no one.
text: He SINGS ALONG with the RECORD in perfect French.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO HALLWAY - DAY
text: Tom checking copy in the long hallway leading to the studio --
text: there is the merest of hubbubs causing him to look up. Buddy
text: is being stopped at the other end of the hallway.
scene_heading: ON BUDDY AND SECURITY GUARD
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: I have to check first.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (a bit frantic)
dialog: Well, then check -- but hurry --
dialog: There he is!!!
text: Buddy runs the length of the hallway to Tom's aide despite Tom's
text: gestures to slow down.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Is everything all right?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yes. You didn't have to come here.
dialog: It's just that I'm going to anchor
dialog: this special report on this Libyan
dialog: thing...
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: Anchor?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (amused despite
dialog: situation)
dialog: Yes, stop! I wondered if you could
dialog: find out anything about what's
dialog: happening.
dialog: (on Buddy's reaction)
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I broke up with my roommate --
dialog: He was really the magnet for
dialog: everyone who knew anything.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Look, I can start up with him again
dialog: if you really...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No. I'm doing fine...Look.
text: Tom stands there -- a man at home in this media castle.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Good. He's on the world's longest
dialog: ego trip, let him take it alone.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hey, okay. Look Buddy -- I've
dialog: got to go to work.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: (to Tom)
dialog: ...good-bye then.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'll speak to you.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: Well, who knows. Just let m tell
dialog: you what my favorite teacher ever,
dialog: told me -- 'Don't be afraid to be
dialog: wonderful.'
text: He leans forward, gives Tom a quick embrace, a small kiss on
text: the cheek. Tom turns and walks off down the hallway to meet
text: his immediate destiny as Buddy looks on.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - DAY
text: Jane mounts some steps in the control room -- she moves past
text: the DIRECTOR and TECHNICAL CREW up to the next level where the
text: two news execs, Ernie and Paul stand with their backs to the
text: wall, and then up one more step slightly above the desk and
text: table occupied by Blair. Now she slips into the large well
text: paddled throne-like seat -- as WE BEGIN MUSIC CUE.
text: Literally at her fingertips is the row of buttons which provide
text: immediate access to the field reporters at the Pentagon, State
text: and the White House. In front of her the bank of monitors, the
text: Technical Team and past them the studio where Tom is seated at
text: Anchor, a FLOOR PRODUCER and WRITER feeding him copy.
scene_heading: ANGLE FAVORING BLAIR
text: As she looks at Jane, poised to control the complicated apparatus
text: of minds and machines comprising the big time network news.
text: And Jane Craig is at the helm. Blair experiences a flash of
text: emotion which transcends envy and verbalizes it.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: (sotto to Jane)
dialog: Executive Producer -- wow.
text: Jane looks at her and, in a moment of atypical merriment, does
text: a choking gesture at her own throat as the monitors flash a
text: graphic reading: SPECIAL REPORT... We HEAR an ANNOUNCER'S VOICE
dialog: say, "This is a Special Report from..."
scene_heading: INSERT: JANE'S CONTROL PANEL
text: Each of four buttons labeled so that the microphone can connect
text: her to Tom and the Field Reporters. She presses the button
dialog: marked "Tom."
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You hear me, Tom? Tom? Tom?
dialog: Damn it...He can't hear me...
dialog: (to Blair)
dialog: I told you if there was one thing...
text: Tom's VOICE on speakers.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (voice over; relaxed)
dialog: I can hear you. I was just teasing.
text: Gulping the air in relief, she slumps nonetheless impressed by
dialog: the macho cool as:
text: Tom smiles towards her then -- poises himself just as the
text: Announcer's last words clear.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER'S VOICE
dialog: (voice over)
dialog: ...in Washington, Tom Grunick.
text: He begins his report. He seems authoritative, compelling, even
dialog: in a low key way. We trust him.
speaker_heading: TOM
text: Good afternoon. A Libyan fighter
dialog: plane attacked a United States
dialog: Military Installation early this
dialog: morning and was, itself, shot down
text: by American F-14 Interceptors.
text: Another monitor shows the Graphic running. In the b.g. two
text: men approaches Paul. They look out of place, decidedly
dialog: non-business like.
speaker_heading: MAN ONE
dialog: Mr. Moore, I'm Marvin Usher and this
dialog: is my brother, Stuart.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Not now!!!
dialog: (gesturing)
dialog: Look.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: The Libyan Missile destroyed an Army
dialog: Warehouse which, just thirty minutes
dialog: earlier, had been crowded with
text: servicemen. No one was injured.
scene_heading: INT. AARON'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Aaron is seated, feet up, drinking, listening to MUSIC -- reading
text: a book, two remote controls are on the cushion next to him. He
text: SINGS OUT LOUD with the record as he reads -- at one point
text: providing his own lyric line OVER THE MUSIC.
speaker_heading: AARON
speaker_heading: (SINGING LOUDLY)
dialog: And I can read while I sing.
text: He picks up the television remote-control device an puts the
text: television on, the SOUND OFF.
speaker_heading: ON TV
text: We SEE the graphic of the Libyan plane's flight route, its
text: missile firing -- the U.S. planes taking off and the shooting
text: down of the Mirage jet... At one point Aaron lowering the MUSIC
text: and raising the TV SOUND hearing Tom.
speaker_heading: TOM'S VOICE
dialog: (voice over)
dialog: The heat seeking missile virtually
text: disintegrated the plane on...
text: Aaron turns down the TV SOUND and turns up the MUSIC.
scene_heading: INT. BOOTH
text: Jane's hand flicks at the button marked "PENTAGON."
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: George, you're ready.
scene_heading: ON PENTAGON MONITOR
text: We SEE George and HEAR him through Jane's voice box.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (voice over)
dialog: Should I cover everything or should
dialog: I save something for Tom to ask about?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Cover everything!
text: George nods.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (hitting Tom's button)
dialog: We're going to George. Say 'the
dialog: Joint Chiefs are meeting -- we have
dialog: George Weln at the Pentagon'.
speaker_heading: ON TOM
speaker_heading: TOM
text: George Weln is at the Pentagon where
text: the attack launched by the lone
dialog: Libyan pilot has resulted in a massive
dialog: movement of military might.
scene_heading: INT. AARON'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Where he still balances STEREO and TV SOUND.
speaker_heading: AARON
text: A lot of alliteration from anxious
text: anchors placed in powerful posts.
text: He picks up the phone.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - DAY
text: As Blair hands it to Jane.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: It's Aaron.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I think the pilot that shot down the
dialog: Libyan in 1981 is stationed right
dialog: here. Maybe you could get him --
dialog: and maybe Tom should say that our F-14
dialog: is one of the hardest planes to fly.
dialog: They're nicknamed 'Tomcats'.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: (to Tom)
dialog: The F-14 is one of the most difficult
dialog: planes to master.
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: Oh, you call them 'Tomcats' and in
dialog: the 70's the first crop had a number
text: of crashes.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: George, isn't the F-14 Tomcat one of
dialog: the most difficult machines for a
dialog: pilot to master?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: I think you're right -- it's certainly
dialog: one of our hottest planes.
scene_heading: INT. AARON'S ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I say it here -- it comes out there.
text: He giggles.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (voice over)
dialog: There was trouble with them in the
dialog: early days -- back in the 70's.
text: Aaron dials again... As we SEE Jennifer standing at the
dialog: White House.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Me again. Hi. Listen Gaddafi doesn't
dialog: foam at the mouth or anything. When
dialog: you speak to him he's not at all nuts.
dialog: He seems like a leader -- very
dialog: impressive, self-control...that's
dialog: what's so strange.
speaker_heading: ON JANE
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Right and we have the '81
dialog: pilot on the way in -- Nobody else
dialog: will have him.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (voice over)
dialog: You're welcome. Sow how does it
dialog: feel to...I know you gotta go --
dialog: Me too. We're very busy here.
text: He hangs up -- LONG SHOT... Aaron with his remote controls.
text: The picture switches back to Tom. He turns UP the VOLUME.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (voice over)
dialog: ...outlaw nation but strangely those
dialog: who have interviewed Gaddafi find
dialog: him, in a phrase we like to use in
dialog: this country, very 'presidential'.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Nice, Jane.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - DAY
text: Jane is on the phone. The atmosphere buckling with strain.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Just a minute.
text: Her finger hits the "Tom" button.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (to Tom)
dialog: To State for the message from Libya,
dialog: then you'll have the carrier pilot
dialog: from the Sidra in time to...
dialog: (a sudden shriek)
dialog: What? No!
speaker_heading: ON TOM
text: Jolted by the shriek in his earpiece but nonetheless continuing.
text: BACK TO JANE
text: As she SCREAMS INTO the phone -- this is more than volume, she
text: is over-the-top livid, her face red, neck cords popping.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: We only have ten minutes left --
dialog: how can you talk to me about parking
dialog: problems? No, not you'll try...you'll
dialog: do it -- do it or I'll fry your fat
dialog: ass, Estelle. Good-bye.
text: As she BANGS the PHONE down. Paul comments sotto to Ernie.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: I had no idea she was this good.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (hitting Tom's button)
text: Fill for a second.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (fluidly)
text: The latest message seems to indicate
dialog: that the Libyan pilot was acting on
dialog: his own without authority from anyone
dialog: else.
dialog: (into camera directly)
dialog: In other words, I think we're okay.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO - EIGHT MINUTES LATER
text: MOVING CAMERA FROM Tom's left profile TOWARDS HIS RIGHT PROFILE,
text: TAKING IN THE Production Assistant who madly shuffles pages,
text: even as Tom talks on camera, the monitor through which he sees
text: the subject of his interview at the Pentagon, the clusters of a
text: assistants on the floor and now WE CONTINUE TO CIRCLE BEHIND him,
text: beginning to SEE the Control Room in the b.g. and as we MOVE IN
text: TOWARDS HIS EAR, the white ear piece firmly in place, we BEGIN
text: TO HEAR, the barely audible crackle of Jane's VOICE as she tells
text: him roughly what to say and how long he has to say it.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: ...So, Commander, it must have been
dialog: a bit tougher today -- shooting down
dialog: the French-made Mirage Jet. The one
dialog: you got was a SU-22...etc...
text: And NOW ALL IS OBSCURED EXCEPT THE ANCHOR'S EARS, the ear piece
text: and the RED LIGHT on the CAMERA and beyond... almost an abstract
dialog: vision.
scene_heading: INT. CONTROL ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: TOM'S VOICE
dialog: ...Once again: The Libyan Government
dialog: has disavowed any prior knowledge of
dialog: the flight. This has been Tom Grunick
text: reporting from Washington.
text: The special report ended, Jane breathes a breath -- she and
text: Blair momentarily grasp hands. The first talk concerns Tom.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: He was brilliant. I've never been
dialog: as proud of one of my decisions.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: (calls back to Jane)
dialog: Great work, Jane, really -- You know?
dialog: Really.
text: She nods... totally depleted.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Well, there were no major gaffs anyway.
text: Ernie scoffs in her direction.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Thanks, everybody.
text: She exits the scene.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (to the Usher brothers)
dialog: This was important for Tom -- there's
dialog: that bonding thing that happens with
text: the public and an anchorman during a
dialog: crisis. It's not the conventions
dialog: anymore; it's this kind of moment.
text: Tom enters. He is exuberant.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (to Tom)
dialog: What a baptismal. Congratulations.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Thanks. With all the help you get,
dialog: it's sure easier than local.
text: Paul and Ernie exchange a glance.
speaker_heading: TOM (cont'd)
text: Where's Jane? I'm still juiced.
text: Ernie points off... as Tom exits. The Usher brothers hover.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: (to the Usher brothers)
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: MARVIN
dialog: We're here to play the new news theme.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: New theme? You don't need me for this.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Stay. Why should I be the only one
dialog: to feel silly?
speaker_heading: MAN ONE
dialog: We need a synthesizer -- but this
dialog: will give you an idea.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Go ahead.
dialog: (to Ernie)
dialog: Wasn't he great?
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: It worked.
text: Man Two has the keyboard out and begins playing the prospective
text: news theme: a suite meant to have majesty and drive, a towering
dialog: composition -- the effect of it somewhat lessened by the fact
text: that the two men VOCALIZE OTHER INSTRUMENTS over the keyboard.
scene_heading: INT. NEWSROOM - DAY
text: As Tom makes his way across it -- crews are drifting in... He
text: enters Jane's cubby, flushed with the electricity of the "win"
dialog: the most noteworthy moment of his working life.
scene_heading: INT. JANE'S CUBBY - DAY
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You're an amazing woman. What a feeling
dialog: having you inside my head.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (a bit thrown)
dialog: Yeah. It was an unusual place to be.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Indescribable -- you knew just when to
dialog: feed me the next thing, just a split
dialog: second before I needed it. There was a
dialog: rhythm we got into, like great sex.
text: Jane looks at him and nods slightly -- an unconscious spasm of
dialog: truthfulness.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You have to celebrate with me, don't
dialog: you? Everybody's going to that bar
dialog: on the corner, 'Caps.'
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I'm going over to Aaron's. Maybe I'll
dialog: hoop up with all of you later. How
dialog: long do you think you'll be there?
text: Tom indicates that it's an impossible question to answer. They
text: enters the elevator.
scene_heading: EXT. NEWS BUILDING - NIGHT
text: As several people cross the street towards the bar. Tom has
dialog: been holding back on one question.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It's tempting to ask you how you think
dialog: I did.
dialog: (she starts to reply)
dialog: No. I'm enjoying myself. Take it easy.
text: He starts across the street.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (trying to be casual)
dialog: Maybe I'll see you over there.
dialog: Indicates Bar.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You'll never show up.
text: He starts across the street -- then turns and calls to her.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Jane?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'll wait for you till seven.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (shouting back)
dialog: Okay.
text: Tom races to catch up with the others -- Jane in the distant b.g.
text: pauses a beat before walking off in the opposite direction. Jane
text: moving quickly along.
text: SOUND OF MEN VOCALIZING NEWS THEME comes UP AND continues
dialog: through:
scene_heading: EXT. AARON'S APARTMENT - EARLY EVENING
text: As Jane approaches and is surprised to find him sitting on the
text: stoop outside.
speaker_heading: ON AARON
text: Happy to see her, rising fairly soberly to his feet. He APPLAUDS
text: as she comes toward him.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Really? It was good.
text: He nods and APPLAUDS some more.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Your calling in that information --
dialog: you're the classiest guy I know.
text: He waves her off... And sits down on the stoop.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: It was strange to watch him. What's
dialog: the next step? Lip synching?
text: She sits a step or two above him, waiting to gauge his mood.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I've been doing some of the most
dialog: important thinking of my life. I
dialog: wonder if this is the right time to
dialog: tell you about it.
text: She steals a glance at her watch.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Well, whatever you think.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I figured out exactly why it is I'm so
dialog: hung up on getting a chance at weekend
dialog: anchor...It's because if I do that well,
dialog: they'll pay me more, treat me great and
dialog: my life will be better. That's why.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Sounds like you may be on to something.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Which means I'm at their mercy and who
dialog: wants that?...I'm not going to tell
dialog: you where this thought led me...
dialog: Anyway, well, why not tell you? --
dialog: it's a happy thing. In the middle of
dialog: all this I start to think about something
dialog: that does nothing but make me feel good
dialog: and makes immediate sense and that's you
dialog: ...And I'll stop here but, Jane, I'd give
dialog: anything if you were two people so I could
dialog: call up the one who's my friend and tell
dialog: her about the one I'm in I...I don't think
dialog: I should go any further. Come on --
dialog: I'll walk you to the corner.
text: He tales her by the arm and leads her to the corner.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You know you've had a strange day...
dialog: I'd sleep on all these things you've
dialog: been thinking.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Absolutely...You go have a good time...
dialog: You have some place to go?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Good.
text: He grabs her and hugs her exuberantly -- takes her face in his
text: hands and kisses her full on the lips.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Well, I felt something.
text: He leaves her on the corner and walks back.
speaker_heading: ON JANE
text: As the SOUND OF NEWS THEME VOCALIZING PICKS UP ONE MORE...
text: Jane moving quickly, hailing a cab.
scene_heading: INT. CAB - EVENING
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: We're going to Caps Bar at
dialog: Seventeenth and Vermont;
dialog: Connecticut is clear on Sunday...
dialog: take that over to Fifteenth, then
dialog: around Vermont and we'll bypass
dialog: the circle that way...if you don't
dialog: go over forty we should catch mostly
text: green lights.
text: ON the DRIVER'S annoyed look.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Come on -- don't take it the
dialog: wrong way. I just know about
dialog: things.
text: He hits the meter.
scene_heading: EXT. CAPS BAR - EVENING
text: As the cab pulls up, Jane gets out and pays him.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Great route. I never made
dialog: anywhere near that fast before.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Thanks -- good driving --
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Thanks. Coming from you I
dialog: appreciate it.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Thanks.
text: As she turns to enter the restaurant -- Tom and Jennifer exit.
text: As they confront each other:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I didn't think you'd make it.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Well, I thought I'd check if all
dialog: of you were still here. I'll just
dialog: go in and join the gang and you
text: two go on.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: There's no gang in there -- We
dialog: were the last ones.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Well, I'll go in and have a bite.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (to Jennifer)
dialog: Jennifer, you want to have another
dialog: drink?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Hey, I know how to have a burger by
dialog: myself. I feel like a little solitude.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (as they move off)
dialog: I sure know that feeling. Terrific
dialog: work today.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (too jock-like)
dialog: Right back to you.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Thanks for getting me through.
text: He puts his hand behind her neck in an awkward gesture of
text: camaraderie. She awkwardly disengages... waves and steps
text: inside the door to the restaurant... standing there between
text: the two sets of doors watching Tom and Jennifer walk away.
scene_heading: ON TOM AND JENNIFER
text: As they walk to his car, first exchanging a look of reflection
text: over Jane... then bumping accidentally, then bumping back, a
text: look, then kissing with passion, wrapped around each other.
scene_heading: INT. JENNIFER'S APT - NIGHT
text: As Tom and Jennifer rush in locked in an embrace, shedding
text: clothes even as they enter.
scene_heading: INT. JENNIFER'S APT - NIGHT
text: We are aware of MOVING FORMS.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: (intense shout)
dialog: Damn all you sons-of-bitches. Oh
dialog: shit, you bastards...
text: They finish. A beat, then:
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Sorry.
scene_heading: ON TOM AND JENNIFER
text: Tom taken aback by the outburst from this woman he's just made
dialog: love to.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No, it's okay...People say different
dialog: things. They do...the plural threw
dialog: me.
text: She laughs.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: The last time I was with someone we
dialog: went through this awful mutual disease
dialog: questionnaire but I guess it beats
dialog: getting paranoid the next day. Okay,
dialog: I'll go first. I haven't...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (stopping her)
dialog: It would never occur to me to worry
dialog: at all about you.
text: Jennifer is touched...
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: You know something? I'm deeply
dialog: complimented. Isn't it strange to
dialog: be deeply complimented because the
dialog: man you're with doesn't think you
dialog: have a venereal disease?...
text: Tom slides out of bed naked -- she moves quickly across the bed
text: one outstretched hand reaching for his ass, a free -- even lusty
text: sort of motion punctuated by her comment:
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Give me some of that.
text: He dances away -- out of range -- liking the action, a stupid
text: grin on his face.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Where's the bathroom?
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
text: Through the closet.
text: He opens the door and turns on the light in the closet.
scene_heading: INT. CLOSET - NIGHT
text: It is a converted room -- given over the racks of clothes and
text: shoes extraordinarily well organized. Tom stands there agape.
dialog: Various rain coats -- clothes for all climates -- lots of
dialog: luggage.
text: She joins him in the closet -- holding out a sheet in front of
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: I converted a bedroom -- this
dialog: stuff builds up. Wait till
dialog: you've been doing this sixteen
dialog: years.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'm not knocking it. It's a
dialog: great solution. Not only the
dialog: storage but you can see everything
dialog: you have.
text: Jennifer laughs -- he follows her gaze and sees himself in
text: silhouette against the door -- his penis prominent in outline.
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Do you do bunny rabbits?
text: Tom is enjoying himself immensely.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Isn't this a great date?
text: We HEAR the SOUND OF SCRATCHING as we:
scene_heading: INT. JANE'S EDITING CUBICLE - MORNING
text: Jane feeds another tape in -- she is taking editing notes alone
text: and SCRATCHING her arm. She looks worn out -- STOCK FOOTAGE OF
text: STATESMEN move across the small screen. She sighs and, without
text: realizing, implores the heavens to help cure a malady she's yet
dialog: to recognize in herself.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: God help me.
text: People have begun to filter into the newsroom in the b.g.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Jesus, Jane. How long have you
dialog: been here?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: A long time. I was restless.
dialog: Will you crack my neck?
text: He starts massaging her neck as the phone rings. she lets it
text: ring for a beat as Aaron works on her. As she picks up the
text: receiver we HEAR a CRACK. She reacts to it at the same time
text: she utters a greeting.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Aaah --
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: -- ello. You sure they said the
dialog: management meeting?
dialog: (hangs up; then
dialog: to Aaron)
dialog: They want me to be at the
dialog: management meeting.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: They're not that dumb, after all.
text: He pats her on the back.
scene_heading: INT. WALKWAY - DAY
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: Do you know you're the second woman
dialog: in network news history to produce?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (though distracted)
dialog: No, I'm not. I'm the fourth.
dialog: Joan Richmond. Pauline Fredericks
dialog: got that credit once on a U.N.
dialog: special and there's Susan Zirinsky.
scene_heading: INT. MANAGEMENT MEETING - DAY
text: Paul is running the meeting from behind Ernie's desk.
text: TWO OTHER NON-EDITORIAL MEN are in attendance. As Paul
dialog: discusses the more pressing problems of the network news
text: division, Jane sits near the window strangely unmoved by
text: her first moment at the seat of power. She has the blues.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Anyway, they seem to be very serious
dialog: about making me out eight million from
dialog: the budget and that means massive firings.
dialog: I'm doing everything I can... It's too
dialog: early to make up a 'death list' but I
dialog: just wanted you to be aware of the
dialog: situation... We're also going to cover
dialog: the Alaskan serial killer trial on a
dialog: continuing basis. I'd like it done out
dialog: of Washington which means we've got to
dialog: get somebody on a plane for Anchorage.
dialog: We can't fool around anymore...Jane...
text: She looks up at him -- a bit sleepy-eyed.
speaker_heading: PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: This is going to be high-profile on
dialog: the Evening News -- who do you think?
dialog: George Weln or Jennifer?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (much, much too quickly)
dialog: Jennifer.
text: The men look at her curiously. She repeats herself more
dialog: rationally.
speaker_heading: JANE (cont'd)
dialog: Jennifer.
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S OFFICE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: He has been reading from a respectable stack of mail -- Jane
text: appears in his doorway. For the first time, we notice that
text: she is woefully ba at at least one endeavor -- flirting.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Come on, I'll buy you a drink.
dialog: There's a big thing over at the
dialog: Italian embassy.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'm not sure I'd be good
dialog: company tonight.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (self-conscious joke)
dialog: I'll be the judge of that.
scene_heading: INT. ITALIAN EMBASSY - NIGHT
text: As they walk in -- one MAN looks at Tom with a glint of
text: recognition. Then another -- a handshake -- A WOMAN introduces
text: herself. A small knot of people form.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: It's much too soon for you to have
dialog: this kind of buzz around you.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Do I have to stand here in the middle
dialog: and meet them all?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I'll get you through. Move and smile.
dialog: (she pushes him
dialog: a little)
dialog: And smile and move...
text: They start crossing the room -- he is moving now, making progress.
text: But an EGYPTIAN BUSINESSMAN stops him.
speaker_heading: EGYPTIAN BUSINESSMAN
dialog: Is it safe for me to fly home?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yes. We're fine now.
speaker_heading: JANE
text: AND SMILE.
text: He smiles -- people smile back.
speaker_heading: JANE
scene_heading: AND MOVE.
text: ANGLE ON STAIR LANDING
text: Where Aaron (Pimm's Cut in hand -- a cucumber sticking out)
text: stands with Martin Klein. Martin is eating from a huge platter
text: of appetizers.
speaker_heading: MARTIN KLEIN
dialog: The Italians serve the second best
dialog: things right after the Chinese...I
dialog: could do an article comparing Embassy
dialog: food...Gourmet free-loading...sell it
dialog: anyplace. I'm sure not getting the
dialog: assignments.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Who the heck could that be?
speaker_heading: AARON'S P.O.V.
text: From the excited group of people blocking his view,
text: it's clear there is some personage in attendance.
speaker_heading: ON AARON
text: And now he sees that it's Tom.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Is God testing me or something?
speaker_heading: MARTIN KLEIN
dialog: Paul loves him. I heard him give
dialog: him the most poetic compliment in
dialog: his command. 'He's hot.' Sometimes
text: groups of executives get together just
dialog: to say that work back and forth...'He's
dialog: hot, oh, she's hot. Oh, he's really
dialog: hot.' Hot-hot-hot-hot-hot-hot-hot...
dialog: (looking at Aaron)
dialog: And here we are.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Martin, you're not allowed to use the
dialog: word 'we' or I'm moving.
speaker_heading: MARTIN KLEIN
dialog: (sudden thought)
dialog: Maybe Jane would like my food idea as
dialog: a spot...Try the one in the middle.
text: He moves off to intercept Jane -- as he stops her... Tom is
text: stranded -- then sees Aaron and moves over to his side.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hi, Aaron...What's doing?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Same old stuff. I'm watching a man
dialog: who won three Overseas Press Awards
dialog: pitch an hors d'oeuvre idea.
text: A MAN stops and introduces himself to Tom -- shaking his hand:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You want to go out there --
dialog: (indicating balcony)
dialog: get out of this for a second?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Why don't you lead? I'll just
dialog: follow the flurry you cause.
text: Tom turns -- the sharpness of the tone unsettles him.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What did I do to you?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: You've made my dreams silly.
text: Tom decides not to deal with the remark. He's jolted by the
text: hostility. He leads the way out French Doors to a ground floor
text: terrace, where Aaron joins him, closes the door and the two men
text: stare at the party.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (gesturing at the
dialog: party)
text: Heavy hitters.
text: Aaron nods.
text: They look inside.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (several beats; then)
dialog: How you doing?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (warming)
dialog: Great. Network news, Washington...
dialog: I love it. What do you do when your
dialog: real life exceeds your dreams?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Keep it to yourself.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You know the other day I really wanted
dialog: your reaction to how we did with the
dialog: Libyan report -- I was going to ask but
dialog: I guess I feel a little intimidated with
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Oh, stop it.
text: On Tom's reaction.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: You can't talk about feeling
dialog: intimidated when you're on top of
dialog: the world. It's unseemly.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'm not buying into any of that. I
dialog: have a load to learn. I'm not going
dialog: to act as if...
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (finishing for him)
dialog: You have the job you have...
text: The sudden debate is important to Tom -- but it's moving too
dialog: fast for him.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Shut up a second...
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (amiably)
dialog: Okay. Pretty petty party, isn't
dialog: it, pal?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (picking his words)
dialog: I made one rule for myself when this
dialog: started and I realized I was going
dialog: to take a lot from you people because
dialog: of being from sports...
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: And the rule was...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Never to pretend to know more than
dialog: I did.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Can you name all the members of the
dialog: Cabinet?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: Okay, let's drop it. I didn't mean
dialog: I'd take a test for you -- I mean if
dialog: that came up in conversation I'd...
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: We're conversing...Oh my, the names
dialog: of the entire Cabinet has slipped my
dialog: mind. What are they?
text: Tom is getting pissed.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (compromising)
dialog: Don't name them. Just tell me if
dialog: you know.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yes, Aaron. I know the names of
dialog: the Cabinet.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Okay.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: AARON (cont'd)
dialog: All twelve?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: There are only ten.
text: Aaron's suddenly a good deal happier -- damned if it
dialog: isn't a little infectious.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You're feeling good, aren't you?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: I'm starting to... We may do
dialog: the capitols of the states.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (dry)
dialog: Fifty, right?
text: Aaron almost smiles.
text: Tom enters the party leaving the door open.
speaker_heading: LONG SHOT
text: Aaron in the f.g. -- his BACK TO CAMERA... Beyond him
text: Tom being approached... then joining Jane.
scene_heading: EXT. JANE'S STREET - NIGHT
text: As Tom's car comes to a stop.
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S CAR - NIGHT
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'm so exhausted. Punchy. Sick
text: tired. I can't think and I can't move.
dialog: I'm just a dead lump of poured out
dialog: flesh.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Would you like to come up?
dialog: Tom thinks -- then:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Maybe we could just sit here --
dialog: talk a little?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Okay. You didn't like the party, huh?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Too many smart people in one room --
dialog: it's not healthy...
text: Jane's confused by this. She looks at him.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'm going to have to do a story
dialog: from beginning to end on my own.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Eventually. Does it have to be
dialog: right now?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Believe me, I wouldn't be doing this
dialog: unless it was absolutely necessary.
dialog: I have an idea for something.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I just read about it in a magazine
dialog: and it affected me.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Well, what is it?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: If I tell you, can you manage not
dialog: to put it down or tell me why it
dialog: won't work or is in bad journalistic
dialog: taste or anything like that?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (broadly)
dialog: Yes, Tom -- I think I can manage.
text: He turns towards her -- about to stick his chin out. Hesitates.
speaker_heading: JANE (cont'd)
dialog: I promise.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It's about women who are attacked
dialog: by someone they know on a date...
dialog: 'Date-rape,' that's the piece...
dialog: Well?
text: Jane clamps a hand over her own mouth.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Okay -- good move. Keep it there.
text: She continues to clamp her mouth shut as he exits the car,
text: opens her door and then begins to half carry, half pull her out.
text: She keeps her hand clamped over her mouth. Laughing from
text: behind her door and runs for it.
speaker_heading: ON TOM
dialog: His spirits lifted.
speaker_heading: ON JANE
text: Behind the door, trying to hide the glow in her eyes.
scene_heading: INT. JANE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: The phone rings... Jane's hand bounces off her nightstand to
text: turn on the light knocking over and breaking the clock radio
text: instead. Three alarm clocks stand next to the clock radio...
text: Finally the light comes on. Jane's voice is so thick with
text: sleep the words she utters are just barely distinguishable.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: TO
dialog: (uncertain)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Hello...Who is it?
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'm not sure I dialed right --
dialog: Jane?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Jane, yes. Tom? Tom, is that you?
dialog: Is this Tom?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I had to sleep fast so I took two
dialog: allergy pills to help me...I'm
dialog: sorry...Hey, you called me.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It's not important.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Says who? Not important -- ha-ha-ha.
dialog: I was dreaming -- Oh, no -- can't
dialog: tell -- how embarrassing for me.
dialog: Gosh.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What pills did you take? You
dialog: sound more like someone on a general
dialog: anesthetic. Maybe I'd better speak
dialog: to you tomorrow.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Nooo. Is it your story?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No. Are you going to the
dialog: Correspondents' Dinner on Saturday?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Why, you need me for the story?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No. Were you going to you?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Maybe I'll get off work. I'd like
dialog: to go.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Oh, good.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: We can go together.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: So you like me, huh?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I like you as much as I can like
dialog: anyone who thinks I'm an asshole.
scene_heading: INT. JANE'S EDITING ROOM - DAY
text: Tom editing a piece with Bobby -- He also has a little typewriter
text: table set up. He is reading from the page in the typewriter as
text: he looks at the piece he has written.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (reading)
text: But cops on the street continue to
dialog: view it as...
dialog: Shit -- too long. But street cops
dialog: say...that fits. That last cut work
dialog: for you, Bobbie?
speaker_heading: BOBBIE
dialog: Yes, and thanks for asking.
scene_heading: INT. NEWSROOM - NIGHT
text: As the regulars watch the Evening News, in particular the Date
text: Rape piece which is now in progress. Tom anxiously eyeing Jane
text: out of the corner of his eye as she watches the monitor. Her
text: face impossible to read as she studies the screen.
speaker_heading: ON MONITOR
speaker_heading: UNIFORMED COP
dialog: What can you do? If a woman invites
dialog: a man in and he says they uh, had
text: sex and she says he raped her and
dialog: then you find out they've been out
dialog: together two, three times...how can
dialog: you prove a crime?
scene_heading: NEW SHOT ON MONITOR
text: Tom and a woman of about thirty -- dignified but fragile -- she
text: looks like someone who might be cast for a church production
dialog: of "Glass Menagerie."
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: It will be a year next month since it
dialog: happened...I never thought I'd talk
dialog: about it outside of counseling...
speaker_heading: ON NEWSROOM
text: As Aaron enters the scene.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Hi.
text: He is shushed by every woman in the room, accepts this and takes
text: up a position near Tom and Jane to watch them.
speaker_heading: ON MONITOR
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: We'd gone out twice and I hadn't
dialog: enjoyed myself that much but it gets
dialog: to a point -- I don't know if you can
dialog: appreciate this but where you don't
dialog: want to sit home or be with your
dialog: girlfriends and people had always been
dialog: telling me that I was 'too picky.'
dialog: I'm not. It's just you want to meet
dialog: a nice guy...So anyways, it was that
dialog: 'give-him-a-chance' thing. No, it
dialog: wasn't. I was lonely. So we went
dialog: to a movie and when he brought me home
dialog: he said could he just come up and have
dialog: one beer and then he'd go. How do you
dialog: say 'no', to that? So first it was
dialog: this wrestling match which was awful
dialog: enough because it got to be really
dialog: a fight...because I'm a modest person...
dialog: then he ripped my clothes and he
dialog: forced me to...make love. He stayed in
dialog: my apartment and forced me more times
dialog: -- he didn't leave until...
dialog: (she has started to cry)
dialog: I promised myself I wouldn't cry...
dialog: It's just hard not to --
dialog: (ruefully)
dialog: You sure have a sympathetic face.
dialog: (she cries a bit more)
dialog: ...I was so sure I wouldn't do this --
dialog: but the whole thing messed me up --
dialog: maybe more than it should...
speaker_heading: ON MONITOR
text: As the news piece cut to: Tom's face -- he turns clearing a tear
text: from his eyes.
speaker_heading: ON NEWSROOM
text: These watching struck -- perhaps embarrassed but riveted. Aaron
text: is aghast. Aaron approaches the set.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Can I turn on the news for a second?
dialog: ...Oh, wait a minute. Sex -- Tears --
dialog: This must be the news.
text: Tom stares daggers at him as a public official appears on the
dialog: monitor.
speaker_heading: ON MONITOR
speaker_heading: PUBLIC OFFICIAL
dialog: I don't think you can overestimate it --
dialog: on any given Saturday night tens of
text: thousands of women are being attacked
dialog: and there isn't much they or we can do
dialog: about it...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (on monitor)
dialog: The victims often remain too terrified
dialog: to talk -- the police powerless and all
dialog: the social welfare groups can finally do
dialog: is monitor this epidemic of crime without
dialog: punishment. This is Tom Grunick in
dialog: Annandale, Virginia.
text: As his piece concludes.
speaker_heading: NEWSROOM
text: Tom continues to glare at Aaron.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I'm in a pissy mood. I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What's wrong with it?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Nothing. I think you really blew
text: the lid off nookie.
text: Blair moans with displeasure. Aaron exits scene. Others start
text: to congratulate Tom on the piece -- in the b.g. on the:
speaker_heading: MONITOR
text: We SEE frozen wilderness -- men digging in the ground -- clumps
text: of people watching them work.
speaker_heading: ON JANE
dialog: Probing her own ambivalence -- or, to be more accurate, working
dialog: towards a positive stance.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (to Tom)
dialog: Nice work...
dialog: (checks watch)
dialog: I've got to get a crew off the clock.
text: She starts off -- Tom stopping her.
scene_heading: ON TOM AND JANE
text: Now off a bit by themselves.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: So what did you think?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: It moved me. I did relate to it -- I
dialog: really did. It was unusual for you to
dialog: cut to yourself when you tear up -- and
dialog: that might not have been my choice...but
dialog: it's real and it got me...and I think a
dialog: lot of the time I'm too conservative about
dialog: that kind of stuff. Okay?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (enormously pleased)
dialog: Yeah.
text: He walks back towards the area of the monitor.
speaker_heading: ON MONITOR
speaker_heading: JENNIFER
dialog: Tomorrow the jury returns to this
dialog: site as each day brings more revelations
text: of horror, four more bodies now taken
dialog: from the frozen earth...This is Jennifer
dialog: Mack in Wota Hamlet, Alaska.
scene_heading: INT. NEWSROOM - TWO WEEKS LATER (SPRING) - DAY
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: Ernie's been looking for you.
text: As Aaron walks to his office.
scene_heading: INT. AARON'S OFFICE - DAY
text: As he enters and finds Ernie bent over his desk.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Oh, I was just writing you a note.
dialog: What do you say we take a walk?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Outside?
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Yeah --
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON STREET - DAY
text: Ernie is silent... He's having difficulty. Aaron is feeling knots
text: form. Finally Ernie breaks his silence.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: I don't know if we have any
dialog: younger man more respected in our
dialog: operation than you.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Just tell me what's really going
dialog: on. I think we know each other
dialog: well enough for me to expect that.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: (agitated)
dialog: We know each other well enough
dialog: for me to care how I put something
dialog: to you which could wipe you out.
dialog: So I will phrase things the way I
dialog: think they should be phrased. All
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Wipe me out?
text: Ernie sits on a bench.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Anyway. I want you to think of this as...
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Just blunt talk, okay? I'd really
dialog: appreciate bluntness.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Upper management thinks you're dull.
text: Aaron deflates.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Aaron, I've never seen them like
dialog: this -- I think Paul's nervous
dialog: about his own job and for some
dialog: reason he thinks you only appeal to...
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Wait. Bullshit me a little...I'm
text: beginning to appreciate it.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: I'm no suggesting the worst will
dialog: happen...but someone with your
text: brilliance gets nibbles about other
dialog: jobs and maybe, the next time that
dialog: happens, down the road -- you should
dialog: look into it.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (emotional)
dialog: Ah, damn -- the fucking jerks -- My,
dialog: God. They want to fire me.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: All I know is that they've got to
dialog: fire a large number of people...
dialog: and they're not going by seniority.
text: There's a recklessness in the air.
dialog: They...
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Do one thing to me? Get me one shot
dialog: at anchoring the Weekend News -- they've
dialog: never seen me do it. I think it could
dialog: turn them around.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: I could do it this Saturday -- everyone
text: wants off for the Correspondents' Dinner.
text: Aaron turns -- his spirit lifted by the unexpected ray of hope.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Do it then.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Please prepare carefully. This
dialog: couldn't come at a better time.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Prepare what? You have Saturday's
dialog: news handy?
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: It's been a while since you read
dialog: the news -- I'll have somebody work
dialog: with you. Just on superficial
dialog: performance things.
text: Several beats.
speaker_heading: ERNIE (cont'd)
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Okay. I think I'd better be alone
dialog: for a while.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: I understand. I'll go with you.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Thanks.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL TELEVISION STUDIO - NIGHT
text: Aaron is seated behind a desk -- some old news copy in
text: his hand. An unmanned camera is pointing at him. Tom
text: is standing a few feet further back studying him.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: This is uncomfortable for me --
dialog: because, well, I don't mean it as
dialog: a knock, but we approach this
dialog: differently.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: We sure do. I don't mean it as a
dialog: knock either.
dialog: (he smiles)
dialog: Go ahead. I'll just say what I think
dialog: and you can disregard it if you want.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: It just might not work for me because
dialog: of our different approaches.
text: Tom nods and gestures that he proceed. Aaron begins reading
text: the news. Barely a sentence in, he is interrupted.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Wait.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Your coat jacket is rising up in
dialog: back.
text: Aaron ignores the tip.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: When you sit down -- sit on your
dialog: jacket a little -- that gives you
dialog: a good line. Look at yourself in
text: the monitor.
text: Aaron looks but is unimpressed and resumes reading the news.
text: Tom, not about to be ignored when he knows it's important, moves
text: behind Aaron and begins to force his jacket down.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (very uncomfortable)
dialog: I don't like being handled.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Sit on it! Now look.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Just don't physically...
text: (he sees himself in the
text: monitor and is suddenly
dialog: enthusiastic)
dialog: Fantastic tip -- fantastic.
text: He starts to read again.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No. That's not going to tell us
dialog: anything. Let's get this prompter
dialog: going.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: It's not loaded.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'll find some copy. Be right back.
text: Tom exits -- Aaron looking after him, clearly taken with the
text: genuine camaraderie... the unmistakable joy Tom derives from
text: helping out. Several beats and Tom comes back with a CAMERAMAN in
dialog: tow.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I got copy, I got Ellen to heat up
dialog: the camera and I got Master Control
dialog: taping so you can study it later.
text: He puts the roll of copy in the prompter.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Hey, Tom...
text: Tom turns.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I'm very appreciative.
scene_heading: SAME SCENE - LATER
text: Tom totally focused on him down one knee checking him from
text: various angles. He interrupts. Aaron reading from the prompter.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No. No.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Don't let your eyes go from the
text: beginning of the sentence to the end
dialog: like that. You don't want to look
dialog: shifty, do you?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Oh, God, no!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: And the left side of your face is the
dialog: good one. Go again. And try to punch
dialog: one word or phrase in every sentence --
dialog: punch one idea a story. Punch -- come
dialog: on --
text: Aaron does same with the story he is reading...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Good...very nice.
text: Aaron acknowledges the compliment in news mode. Punching the
dialog: first words.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Thank you for the compliment, Tom.
text: He draws a laugh from the Cameraman as he goes right into the
dialog: next story.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Try not to move your head or wrinkle
dialog: your forehead...this is good, very
dialog: good...
scene_heading: EXT. NEWS BUREAU - NIGHT
text: Aaron, tape in head, is saying his farewell to Tom. He is facing
text: his left side as he will do for the rest of his life on earth.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You were smokin' toward the end there.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: The pointers were great. I'll study
dialog: the tape.
text: Tom is into helping Aaron he finds himself delivering a locker
dialog: room pep talk:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: And remember -- you're not just reading
dialog: the news or narrating. Everybody has to
dialog: sell a little. You're selling them this
dialog: idea of you. You know, what you're sort
dialog: of saying is, 'trust me. I'm, uh,
dialog: credible.' So whenever you catch yourself
dialog: just reading...stop and start selling a
dialog: little. So long.
text: He moves off -- Aaron watching him go, feeling decidedly
text: uncomfortable by this last piece of advice and vaguely corrupted.
scene_heading: INT. JANE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Jane FLIES INTO FRAME, carrying her dress, two large shoulder
text: pads clipped to her bra-straps. She is obviously running a little
text: late. Now she slips on the dress -- her pace so quickened that
text: it momentarily dulls the effect of seeing her in a pretty formal
text: gown; the kind good girls wear on special nights. The DOORBELL
text: RINGS... She opens the door while trying to put on her necklace...
text: Aaron enters carrying four bulging garment bags and a fistful
dialog: of neckties.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I spilled some rum on the outfit you
dialog: picked out. Let me show you the
dialog: alternates.
text: She eyes the amount of clothing, goes to the phone and dials.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Tom...why don't I meet you there?
dialog: I've got some last minute stuff I've
dialog: got to take care of...Hey, how did
dialog: you resolve your dilemma -- did you
dialog: rent the tux or buy it...I knew it.
dialog: How much? Wow...Okay...See you
dialog: there...
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I didn't know you were going with him.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Did you bring your grey suit?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Yes...I was thinking that way too...
dialog: Which tie?
text: She holds them in her hand -- indicates with the necklace that
text: she wants him to help her... he fastens her necklace while looking
text: over her bare right shoulder as she riffles through his tie
dialog: collection.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (the clasp in place)
dialog: Thanks. Try this one.
text: She hands him the tie and he extracts his grey jacket from a bag --
text: puts it on and ties the tie... She reaches into a white paper bag
text: full of fresh purchases and takes out a vial of perfume with a
text: built-in atomizer and sprays the air in front of hr and walks into
text: the mist. ON Aaron's reaction:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I read about it -- that's how you can
dialog: make sure you don't put on too much
dialog: perfume...
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Could you at least pretend that this
dialog: is an awkward situation for you --
dialog: me showing up while you're getting
dialog: ready for a date.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (flaring)
dialog: It's not a date. It's co-workers going
text: to a professional conclave.
text: Jane, unnoticed, reaches into the paper bag, takes a small box
text: of condoms and drops it into her evening bag.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON STREET - NIGHT
text: Jane on a public phone, Aaron standing nearby within sight
text: of a taxi stand.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: How long will it tale you to send
dialog: one?...
text: She hangs up... paces... Then looks at Aaron, relaxes.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You look terrific.
text: Aaron poses a question which he feels in his deepest core:
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Really?
text: Jane nods.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Because this is important -- so don't
dialog: just be polite. I'd really like to
dialog: look...what's the word I'm looking for?...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: As good as humanly possible.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Well, the line of the jacket -- No
dialog: really....just very nice...just right.
dialog: I wish I could be there.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Me too...Hey...if it gets dull a little
text: before 11:00, drop by the studio.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I'm not sure I'll be able to...I...
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: If...if not, I'll have the tape...I'll
dialog: wait for you at my apartment.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Okay, great -- good luck.
text: Before she can deal with that, a cab arrives.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Thanks, Jane. Have a good time tonight.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You too.
text: Aaron takes her in -- she looks lovely.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I'd hug you, but why risk mussing
dialog: either of us?
text: She half-laughs... kisses him, wipes the slight lipstick mark
text: from his cheek and, in a sudden decision, takes each of her
text: shoulder pads from her jacket and puts them in his -- improving
text: his look while diminishing her own. She gets in the cab.
speaker_heading: AARON'S P.O.V.
text: Jane, leaning all the way over the front seat, giving detailed
text: instructions to the DRIVER as the cab pulls away... As Aaron
text: turns and walks off.
scene_heading: INT. CAB - NIGHT
text: Jane, in her formal, sitting back -- anticipating her date.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON HOTEL - NIGHT
dialog: A hefty percentage of the Washington journalism industry's
dialog: men and women dressed formally for one of those evenings where
text: they can finally assert their own glamour. Jane ENTERS THE SCENE.
scene_heading: INT. WASHINGTON HOTEL - ATRIUM - NIGHT
text: As Jane enters, lost momentarily in the lobby -- greenhouse,
text: the majority of the throng passing through in formal clothes.
text: A bit of DIALOGUE OVERHEAD from TWO MEN in dinner jackets.
speaker_heading: MAN ONE
dialog: The L.A. times is a great outfit. Best
dialog: severance pay in the business.
text: Jane keeps looking for Tom -- passing another MAN, talking to
text: his SHARP-LOOKING DATE.
speaker_heading: MAN THREE
dialog: He was lecturing me and finally
dialog: I just said -- I'm sorry, I refuse
dialog: to look at it as a negative that
dialog: I'm young and my news appeals to
dialog: people my age.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: And it's not like he just didn't
text: hire a twenty-six-year-old producer
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: No kidding, twenty-six.
text: Jane moves to the steps and starts up, greeting several
text: people nervously. More bits of DIALOGUE, leaking from
text: conversations of both substance and expedience.
scene_heading: ANONYMOUS OLDER MAN
dialog: Remember Brinkley's great line
dialog: -- "It's as irrevocable as a
dialog: haircut."
text: Now, on the second level, she scans the crowd.
speaker_heading: JANE'S P.O.V.
text: The floor below. Tom in the world's best-fitting tux... Clusters
text: of people from around him but he works his way easily through them
text: as he looks for Jane and grins his greetings, men are buoyed,
text: women's pulses throb.
speaker_heading: ON JANE
text: As she silently mouths the words -- "smile and move and smile
dialog: and move." Which is exactly what he's doing. Then a contract
dialog: with the gods.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: If he doesn't see me soon, we're not
dialog: supposed to be together.
speaker_heading: ON TOM
text: Seeing her. -- He does a tap step -- a brief giddy burst, the
text: meaning of which is not lost on Jane. He is acting like her
dialog: boyfriend.
speaker_heading: ON JANE
text: Anxiety stripped away revealing a first glimpse of Jane as a
text: joyous pretty young woman.
speaker_heading: ON TOM
text: Moving quickly up the stairs -- as she walks toward him.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: It's incredible who's here.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Me!
text: She laughs. Almost completes an affectionate gesture -- takes
text: his arm instead.
scene_heading: INT. NEWSROOM - NIGHT
text: Aaron seated in the main newsroom in shirt-sleeves, writing. He
text: takes the just-completed page out of the typewriter and walks over
scene_heading: to the weekend news PRODUCER. (W.N.P.)
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Want to look at this?
dialog: W.N.P.
dialog: Sure.
dialog: George Weln appears...
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (to Aaron)
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (feigning casualness)
text: The weekend news...anchoring...
text: anchoring the weekend news.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Way to go.
text: Aaron nods, as the Producer finishes the copy.
dialog: W.N.P.
dialog: This is terrific news, Aaron. It's
dialog: a pleasure to read.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Thanks. Oh, there's water on the set,
dialog: isn't there, in case I get an attack
text: of cotton mouth.
dialog: W.N.P.
dialog: Sure. You'll be fine.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (feeling patronized
dialog: and repelling)
dialog: I'll be fine! Yes!! I know!!!
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM - NIGHT
text: Bomb sniffing dogs, SECRET SERVICE MEN and D.C. POLICE monitoring
text: the members of Washington's most trustworthy elite as they pass
text: through the metal detector. The line moves slowly -- Jane and
text: Tom several couples back.
speaker_heading: OFF-CAMERA VOICE
dialog: (o.s.)
dialog: Can I have your autograph for my wife?
text: Tom and Jane turn to see a grinning Paul.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: How you doing, Paul?
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: So this is why you wouldn't do the
dialog: Weekend New, you can't turn down
dialog: a free meal.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yes, born to party.
text: Paul enjoys the riposte, looks at Jane who is shrinking within
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: I'll see you two inside -- I think
text: we're all at the same table.
dialog: (sotto to Jane)
dialog: You're finally learning to be flexible.
dialog: Glad you changed your mind about Tom.
text: He passes through the detector... Tom starts to step through it --
text: she pulls him back.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I'm sorry. I don't want to go in
dialog: there and sit with everybody.
dialog: (imagining it)
dialog: I can't...why don't you go?
text: He considers this option as she waits.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Suppose I go in for a little while and
dialog: you wait in the lobby-bar. How's that?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Good. That's it...See you.
text: She walks off. He runs a few steps to stop her.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Jane.
text: She turns.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You're not going to take off on
dialog: me, are you?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Uh-uh.
text: She steps on the escalator... Riding upwards, concern deepens,
text: anxiety flows.
speaker_heading: ON TOM
text: Watching her to up the escalator, he finds himself doing
text: simplest thing, stepping onto a moving step.
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT
text: Jane four steps ahead of him -- not yet aware of him. He moves
text: past one other man until he is standing directly behind her.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I just want you to know that my
dialog: giving up the Correspondents' Dinner
dialog: puts tremendous pressure on you.
text: Jane turns and is a bit blown away by his gesture -- life
text: threatens to be good. And now Jane bumps a bit at the top of
text: the escalator, regaining her balance by grabbing Tom's offered
text: hand. As they walk they continue to deliberately hold hands.
scene_heading: INT. NEWS STUDIO - NIGHT
text: WE are on the studio floor, FOCUSING on the activity around
text: the Anchor Desk and three cameras... The FLOOR MANAGER stands
text: ready to cue Aaron, the script is ready to roll on the prompter
dialog: machine.
speaker_heading: FLOOR MANAGER
text: Twenty seconds.
speaker_heading: ON AARON
text: Making sure he is seated on his jacket -- taking one last look
text: at the hand mirror being held by the MAKEUP WOMAN. She starts
text: off -- but Aaron regrabs the mirror almost making her lose her
text: footing -- a check -- then another check -- he points to a spot
text: on his forehead which she dabs with the makeup sponge... Both of
text: them fuss enormously with his hair -- four busy hands.
speaker_heading: FLOOR MANAGER
text: Ten seconds.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: How many?
speaker_heading: FLOOR MANAGER
dialog: Ten.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Okay.
text: He watches the Makeup Woman scurry underneath a camera lens,
text: resits on his jacket and finally has the moment the system has
dialog: been denying him for years. We can HEAR the END OF HIS CUE
text: in a barely AUDIBLE CRACKLE from the Floor Manager's earphones...
dialog: "...with Aaron Altman."
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Good Evening...In mood and language
dialog: better suited to an espionage novel
dialog: than the delicate world of the Western
dialog: Alliance, the British Foreign Secretary
dialog: today pounced on what he termed, 'The
dialog: nest of profession spies and amateur
dialog: traitors who were turning NATO
text: Headquarters into an instrument whose
dialog: only true function is folly.' We begin
dialog: our coverage with Edward Towne in London.
text: Aaron looks up -- takes a breath. He's done well -- he's
text: punched his words and his one thought for the story. His gaze
text: has been steady, his voice firm but he has begun to perspire.
text: He dabs with his finger at the first trickles from his brow --
text: brushes some more prominent sweat from his upper lip... He
text: beckons nervously to the Makeup Woman -- who comes in and dabs --
text: then dabs again as Aaron feels himself under his arms...
speaker_heading: MAKEUP WOMAN
dialog: Gee whiz.
speaker_heading: FLOOR MANAGER
text: Five seconds.
text: She scurries away, Aaron reaching for another Kleenex from her
text: box and missing it... A graphic illustrating his next scripted
text: section appears behind him.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: ...the sub-bases referred to are
dialog: located in five countries...
text: And now the moisture on his face is clearly discernible -- the
text: Floor Manager and Makeup Woman grimacing at the growing specter
text: as they look at a large monitor.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: France, Belgium, the Netherlands,
dialog: Spain as...
text: And now so much moisture sprouts from his upper lip that he
text: pushes his lower lip out to slurp away the sweat... The Makeup
text: Woman laughs briefly out loud before catching herself...
text: Aaron's eyes dart angrily in her direction.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: We well as Great Britain...Our own
dialog: State Department was rocked not only
dialog: by the revelation but from the highly
dialog: unusual persistence from the State
text: Press Corps. Martin Klein reports on
text: the ruckus at Foggy Bottom.
text: Half-beat until he's sure that he's off -- his shirt now
text: showing distinct sweat stains...
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Help me.
text: The Makeup Woman picks up her Kleenex box -- then thinks
dialog: better of it...
speaker_heading: MAKEUP WOMAN
dialog: Someone finds me some big towels.
speaker_heading: ON AARON
text: He blots his face -- some makeup streaked -- by the towel.
speaker_heading: FLOOR MANAGER
text: Five seconds.
speaker_heading: ON MAKEUP WOMAN
text: As she scurries away, this time entering the control room
text: trotting up one stair to look at the monitor... the Director
text: talking to his Camera Operators.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: I'd go looser but we wouldn't
dialog: see the graphic.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: (to other Technician)
dialog: No -- this is more than Nixon ever
dialog: sweated.
text: The Makeup Woman now looks at the bank of monitors.
speaker_heading: MAKEUP WOMAN
dialog: Can't you just die for him?
speaker_heading: ON MONITOR
text: Aaron's makeup-streaked face.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON STREET - NIGHT
text: Tom and Jane walking drinks in hand, her arm around his waist.
text: They stop -- he rests a drink on a ledge and boosts her up
text: and then sits next to her.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Great.
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT
text: REVEALING that they are sitting on an anti-terrorist concrete
text: abutment protecting a major government building on a beautiful
text: night in our capitol. He is still holding her hand -- and
text: now he notes this.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (loudly to himself)
dialog: Why can't I let go of this woman?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Well...
text: He interrupts her with the smallest of kisses -- so mall and
text: swift a kiss that she is left doing her return kisses to mid-
text: air. And then he does something he's thought about many times
text: before -- he briefly caresses her breasts -- while continuing
text: to look at her.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: At least kiss me when you do
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (a grin)
dialog: You just can't stop editing me.
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: JANE
text: This is hysterical.
text: She laughs a little -- then kisses him. They break --
text: surprised and aroused and look at each other...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I was half hoping I wouldn't
dialog: have a good time tonight. You
dialog: know why?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Because you're nuts.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Right, right -- Isn't she fun to
dialog: tease?
text: He leans forward and speaks softly and truly.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: More and more lately when I've
dialog: watched you in action -- seen all
dialog: your energy -- I've been
dialog: wondering what it would be like
dialog: to be inside all that energy.
text: She takes a gulp of her drink -- puts a hand to feel the heat
text: on her own cheek. Then turns to him.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Right back at you.
text: Several beats.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I don't remember saying anything
dialog: like that -- exactly...I don't
dialog: know why I just did.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (immediately at work)
dialog: Oh let's see -- wait a minute, well,
dialog: I can think of two reasons.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Three...I just thought of a third...
dialog: If you talk about it, you don't have
dialog: to do it.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: That's not it.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Good...Another is you're trying to
dialog: make it all about sex and heat and
dialog: nothing else.
text: She looks at him -- he's thinking.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Or it's that great feeling that you
dialog: don't want to hold anything back.
dialog: You know, intimacy.
text: She elbows him. Tom takes in the choices -- then:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Oh, shit. I'm a creep.
text: She moves off the concrete wall.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I forgot all about Aaron. I
dialog: promised to stop by and see
dialog: how he did.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'd like to know. I'll go along.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: No. I'll see you at your apartment
dialog: as soon as I can.
text: She starts to flurry with activity -- moves to the curb when
text: out of nowhere Tom barks a sharp command, the first time any
text: of his actions has been tinged with fury.
speaker_heading: TOM
speaker_heading: JANE!
text: Thrown, she stops and turns. He walks to her.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Don't run off -- like everything's
dialog: settled the minute you make up your
dialog: mind.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: He might be weird -- he can talk more
dialog: freely if I go alone -- why's that so
dialog: hard to understand?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It's not that it's hard. I just want you
dialog: to give me a minute to catch up.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (she hugs him)
dialog: Sorry.
dialog: (another beat)
dialog: Don't yell at me like that again,
dialog: you scared the life out of me.
scene_heading: EXT. AARON'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: As Jane exits a cab and moves up the steps.
scene_heading: INT. AARON'S APARTMENT - HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: It is at the top of a flight of steps. She KNOCKS on the DOOR.
text: RINGS. KNOCKS. Aaron opens it. He is wearing a sweatshirt
text: and cords.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I was in the shower.
text: She enters.
scene_heading: INT. AARON'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: How'd it go?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: You didn't see it or speak to
dialog: anybody?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Then it went well.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Did it really go well?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Define your terms.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Do you feel good about it?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Do others feel that you did well?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Then what was good about it?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I lost six pounds...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Aaron, will you tell me?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: It was great...writing my little
dialog: first rate copy, sitting on my
text: jacket, punching my one thought.
dialog: But I had this historic attack of
dialog: flop sweat so they'll never let
dialog: me another again. Oh, I lost one
dialog: of your shoulder pads -- how was
dialog: your evening anyway?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: What do you mean, flop sweat? --
dialog: you're making too much out of
dialog: it...I'll bet you were the only
dialog: one aware of it...
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: People phoned in.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Stop kidding. I want to know
dialog: what happened.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I'm not kidding.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: There were complaining phone calls
dialog: because you were sweating?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: No, nice ones worried that I was
text: having a heart attack.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: If all that happened, how come you're
dialog: so chipper?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I don't know. At a certain point
dialog: it was so off the chart bad --
dialog: it got funny. My central nervous
dialog: system was telling me something.
dialog: Jane -- sweat running down my face --
dialog: makeup falling into my eyes -- people
dialog: turning this fusillade of blow dryers
dialog: on me -- all so I could read
dialog: introductions to other people who
dialog: were covering stories which is
dialog: what I like to do anyway. And I'm
dialog: chipper because you finally showed
dialog: up. I thought I'd cook for us.
dialog: Tequila and eggs sound good?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I have to be somewhere.
text: He looks at a clock reading 1:15 in the morning.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I told what's his name -- Tom --
dialog: that I'd meet him.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Call him -- I mean it can wait,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (now the plunge)
dialog: I don't know. I may be in love
dialog: with him.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (as if he just burned
dialog: his hand)
dialog: No!!!!!
text: She starts for the door.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Don't go.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: This is important to me.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Yeah. Well...I think it is
dialog: important for you too. Sit down.
text: She sits. He walks to a desk and looks at her briefly... Silence.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (looking at her)
dialog: Let me think a second. It's
dialog: tough.
text: A remarkably long silence -- her mind wanders, she takes stock...
text: it is evident that he is straining to get it right, reaching
dialog: into himself.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Aaach...Jane...
dialog: (glancing at note)
dialog: Let's take the part that has
dialog: nothing to do with me. Let's let
dialog: me be your most trusted friend,
dialog: the one that gets to say awful
dialog: things to you. You know?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (testy and wary
dialog: but fair)
dialog: Yes, I guess. Yes.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: You can't end up with Tom because
dialog: it goes totally against everything
dialog: you're about.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Yeah -- being a basket case.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I know you care about him. I've
dialog: never seen you like this about
dialog: anyone, so please don't take it
dialog: wrong when I tell you that I believe
dialog: that Tom, while a very nice guy, is
dialog: the Devil.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: This isn't friendship.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: What do you think the Devil is going
dialog: to look like if he's around? Nobody
dialog: is going to be taken in if he has a
dialog: long, red, pointy tail. No. I'm
dialog: semi-serious here. He will look
dialog: attractive and he will be nice and
dialog: helpful and he will get a job where
dialog: he influences a great God-fearing
dialog: nation and he will never do an evil
dialog: thing...he will just bit by little bit
dialog: lower standards where they are important.
dialog: Just coax along flash over substance...
dialog: Just a tiny bit. And he will talk about
dialog: all of us really being salesmen.
dialog: (seeing he's not
dialog: reaching her)
dialog: And he'll get all the great women.
text: She is getting pissed.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I think you're the Devil.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: No. You know that I'm not.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Because we have the kind of
dialog: relationship where if I were the
dialog: Devil, you'd be the only one I
dialog: told.
text: She's briefly impressed. He has a point.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You were quick enough to get
dialog: Tom's help when...
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Yes, yes. I know. Right. And
dialog: if it had gone well for me tonight,
dialog: maybe I'd be keeping quiet about all
dialog: this...I grant you everything but
dialog: give me this...he does personify
dialog: everything you've been fighting
dialog: against...And I'm in love with you.
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: How do you like that? -- I buried
dialog: the lead.
text: He pauses to catch his breath -- breathing deeply through his
dialog: nose.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (an aside)
dialog: I've got to not say that aloud;
dialog: it takes too much out of me.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (thawing)
dialog: Sit down, stop.
text: Aaron slumps down -- it's been a long round.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I've never fought for anyone before.
dialog: Does anybody win one of these things?
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: A CAR DOOR SLAMS in the street below -- he goes towards the
text: window which is blocked by his sofa -- puts his knees in and
text: looks out.
speaker_heading: TOM'S P.O.V.
text: A woman walking from a car.
speaker_heading: ON TOM
text: Momentarily thinking it's Jane. Elated.
speaker_heading: TOM'S P.O.V.
text: It is not Jane. The PHONE RINGS.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: As he answers and we have the following conversation between
text: Jane, who is using the phone, with Aaron seen just a few feet
text: away. Tom in his apartment.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Hi. It's me.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Where are you?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I can't get away just yet. I'm
text: at Aaron's.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well, when?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I'm not sure. It seems like he
dialog: had sort of a mishap on the news.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I know. I taped it.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: It wasn't as bad as he think, was
dialog: it? -- it wasn't unprecedented or
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Not if you count 'Singing in the
dialog: Rain.' Do him a favor and don't
dialog: treat it like a tragedy. You want
dialog: me to talk to him?
text: Her eyes meet Aaron's.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Uh-uh.
dialog: (to Aaron)
dialog: He says you could hardly notice it.
text: Aaron beckons for the phone. Jane hands it to him, as she does
dialog: so:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Don't say anything about anything.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Hi. Will I ever sing again?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Everybody has one like that. I
dialog: thought it was great when you
text: started to laugh at the end.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Yeah -- well, I'm sorry I'm tying
dialog: up Jane, I didn't realize you two
dialog: would be going this late. Sorry.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No. Don't worry about it.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I'll put her on.
text: She takes the phone.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Hi, again. Sorry about...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: No. That sounds more important.
dialog: Let's forget about tonight.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I don't know if that's absolutely
dialog: necessary.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I've got my father coming through
dialog: tomorrow anyway. I should get
text: some sleep.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (hampered by Aaron's
dialog: presence)
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'll see you at the office. Good night.
text: Several beats of silence. Finally:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (finally)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Okay. Good night.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: Good night??!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Jane, I'm not some chore you have
dialog: to finish so you can stay on schedule.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Okay, great, Grunick -- Easy shots
dialog: now -- huh? Good night.
text: She puts the phone down. A beat -- she looks stricken. Aaron
text: looks at her.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: He just cancelled. He had a
dialog: chance to think and he
dialog: cancelled.
text: She bows her head.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I can't breathe.
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: Over a guy?!?
dialog: (then)
dialog: But I can't -- I can't breathe.
dialog: Damn it!
text: She gulps a breath. Her hands on her knees, leaning over --
text: another deep breath. Aaron takes in the specter.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Well, Jane, it was nice of you
text: to drop by.
scene_heading: INT. JANE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: As she enters -- goes immediately to the phone.
text: ON PHONE...
text: Cradled in an answering machine -- indexes for sixteen
text: one-button calls, mostly people from work -- "Parents" etc.
text: Jane plays her answering tape. It is silent -- no messages...
text: She fast forwards to double-check. Just the SOUND of blank
text: tape. She pushes the button next to the "Tom Grunick." We
text: HEAR a busy signal.
speaker_heading: ON JANE
text: She hangs up the phone. Then compulsively hits the "Tom"
text: button again. Busy. And again. Busy. She considers for
text: a moment hitting the button next to Aaron's name.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (stopping herself)
dialog: Be fair.
text: She presses the button next to Tom's name. Busy. And again.
dialog: Busy.
scene_heading: EXT. ERNIE MERRIMAN'S HOUSE - MONDAY MORNING
text: As he picks up for newspapers dotting his lawn and opens the
text: door of his car -- just as his wife calls from the door.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: Ernie, they're calling from work.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Tell me I'm on the way in.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: It's Paul.
text: Ernie, just a bit concerned, walks back to his house -- the
text: four newspapers thick enough to be an awkward carry.
scene_heading: INT. ERNIE'S HOUSE
text: A phone in the immaculate living room.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello. Yes...
text: He holds the phone down at his side for a beat, composing
text: himself in the face of a sudden and horrible turn of events.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Would there be any point to my going
dialog: to New York and talking to them? Would
dialog: there be any point in going over it with
dialog: you? No, I'm still coming in.
text: He hangs up.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: They fired me.
text: She takes his hand and kisses it -- then hugs him.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: (weeping)
dialog: How horrible. We'll be fine. You'll
dialog: be fine. Stay here with me -- we'll
dialog: go for a drive, have some drinks, make
dialog: happy plans.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: No. They're firing even more people
dialog: than they said. Some will want to
dialog: talk. It could help.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: (timidly)
dialog: I could use somebody to talk to on
dialog: a day like this.
dialog: (on his reaction)
dialog: Sorry. Go ahead.
text: He kisses her sad face.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Bye, sweetie.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: Okay, sweetie.
text: He walks towards the door -- picks up his newspapers on the
text: tray beneath the hall mirror and does a start.
speaker_heading: HIS P.O.V.
text: In the mirror he SEES his wife making faces at him behind his
text: back. He EXITS his home without comment.
scene_heading: INT. EDITING ROOM - DAY
text: Jane is sitting in her editing cubby -- it is past noon. She
text: rises and stands in her doorway looking toward Tom's office --
text: the door is open, the room is empty. Blair ENTERS carrying
text: an armload of tapes. She looks extraordinary.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: I've got four hours of French
dialog: demonstrations --
text: Jane waves it off.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: Some of it they use water cannons.
text: Jane takes the tape.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: What are you dressed up for? Oh,
dialog: that's right -- because the Evening
dialog: News is here this week.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: I spent a fortune on this.
text: Blair EXITS... Jane pops the tape in, automatically making
text: timing notes, then standing -- looking again towards Tom's
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: JANE'S P.O.V.
text: The door now closed.
speaker_heading: JANE
text: She stops the tape -- summons herself. She walks towards Tom's
text: office and opens the door. Tom is seated behind his desk.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (without passion)
dialog: I kept trying to call you -- you
dialog: never called me. Were you just
dialog: diddling me? Is that it--? I'm
dialog: great if I'm helping your career.
dialog: (mimicking)
dialog: But when I'm a woman for a second, I
dialog: get immediately fucked around by
dialog: you.
text: She is obviously in pain but still alert enough to catch Tom's
dialog: answer.
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S OFFICE - DAY
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Jane, this is my Dad.
text: And, now OPENING the door a bit more -- Tom's father is REVEALED
text: seated across from him.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (that quickly)
dialog: Please forgive what I said.
dialog: (to Tom)
dialog: Sorry.
text: As she retreats:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You just light up a room and leave,
dialog: huh?
text: She laughs nervously as she exits.
speaker_heading: TOM AND HIS DAD
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: You want my opinion?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: The thing that's easy to miss about
dialog: Jane is...
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: You want my opinion? And it's okay
dialog: if you don't.
text: Tom thinks a beat.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yes, I would.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: The way she just acted is not the
dialog: way an affectionate person acts.
text: Tom finds the comment off-the-wall enough to be thought
dialog: provoking.
scene_heading: INT. NEWSROOM - DAY
text: Paul arriving with Bill Rorish. The first time we have seen
text: the multi-millionaire anchorman in the flesh. He has the grace
text: and dignity of a man who spends every waking moment working on
dialog: grace and dignity,
text: He and Paul are in the midst of an important conversation --
text: muted and ominous.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Just when do you start, telling people?
speaker_heading: PAUL
text: Almost immediately.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I'd like to take everyone out after
dialog: the show.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Bill...This is hard on all of us
dialog: and it's no time for compliments.
dialog: But I think it's extraordinary of
dialog: you to come down here for this.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: If we're not here for each other
dialog: during the tough time, we're not a
dialog: news organization.
text: Blair ENTERS scene. The smallest flicker of interest from Bill,
dialog: but more than enough to justify her going into hock for the
dialog: outfit.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: Welcome back to Washington.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Thanks.
text: A self-conscious look of greeting to Paul and she's gone.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I've forgotten. Was she on the list?
dialog: Paul nods "yes."
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: This is a brutal layoff...And all
dialog: because they couldn't program Wednesdays.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (can't resist)
dialog: You can make it a little less brutal
dialog: by knocking a million dollars or so off
dialog: your salary.
dialog: AS Bill turns:
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Just a bad joke. I'm sorry. Awful.
dialog: It's a miserable day and that was
dialog: some kind of totally sick-joke
dialog: defense mechanism which does not
dialog: indicate any of my feelings -- not
dialog: one -- but just shows the kind of
dialog: stress this represents for all of us.
text: Tom and his Father ENTER the scene from Tom's office. Bill
text: walks to Tom.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Hi. It's about time.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Good to see you, Bill.
dialog: AS they shake:
speaker_heading: INSERT
text: A great handshake.
scene_heading: ON MR. GRUNICK'S FACE
text: touched, as he watches the networks' most prominent journalist
dialog: greet his son.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: This is my father.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Good to meet you, sir.
speaker_heading: ON TOM
text: Equally touched as he watches the world's most prominent
text: journalist greet his Dad, who turns goofy with excitement.
speaker_heading: MR. GRUNICK
dialog: Good-bye, Tom.
text: He puts a big hand on his son's cheek -- a farewell pat. Then
text: whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: MR. GRUNICK
dialog: I'm going to go back home and tell
dialog: all your old teachers.
text: Tom watches his father walk off and moves immediately to Jane's
dialog: editing room.
scene_heading: INT. JANE'S EDITING ROOM - DAY
text: AS Tom enters...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I feel terrible about what happened.
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: He -- uh -- said he liked you because
dialog: you looked like you had -- fire and
dialog: honesty.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (enormously pleased)
dialog: No. Did he really?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yes. Then he said a really weird
dialog: thing...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (so softly)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (he means this)
dialog: That it would be a treat to make
dialog: someone like you feel better...
dialog: He gets like that sometimes.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: That's so perfectly...It really
dialog: makes me feel a little faint...
dialog: (actually woozy)
dialog: Whooo.
text: Blair enters wildly into the scene.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: They canned me. Well, my brother
dialog: will feel great -- now he's not the
dialog: only screw-up.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: It's started.
text: Bobbie sticks his head out of his office...
speaker_heading: BOBBIE
dialog: Tom -- Paul wants to see you.
text: AS Tom focuses and moves off:
scene_heading: INT. NEWSROOM AND HALLWAYS - DAY
text: Moving with Tom. Nervousness growing, confidence gone, he
text: proceeds down the hallway.
scene_heading: INT. ERNIE'S OUTER OFFICE - DAY
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: He'll just be a minute.
text: Tom sits down -- pats his tie in place... A beat and the door
text: opens. Paul leads out Martin Klein. They shake hands.
speaker_heading: MARTIN KLEIN
dialog: You know I'm just old enough to be
dialog: flattered by the term, 'early retirement.'
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: That's wonderful...what a lovely line.
dialog: If there's anything I can do.
text: They shake.
speaker_heading: MARTIN KLEIN
dialog: (evenly)
dialog: I certainly hope you die soon.
text: A little smile to Tom and he's off.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Tom.
text: Tom enters the room. A nervous cough in evidence as he
text: crosses to a seat.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: We're having a severe cutback, Tom --
dialog: 17 people in this bureau including
dialog: technical personnel and we're going
dialog: to reorganize at the same time.
dialog: We're going to take you out of Washington
dialog: for a while and assign you to London.
scene_heading: INT. NEWSROOM - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Aaron and Ernie are off to the side in the newsroom -- People
text: are packing their belongings -- as secretaries cry and embrace --
text: from an office rumbles a shouted denunciation:
speaker_heading: ANONYMOUS VOICE
dialog: No. I won't keep my voice down.
dialog: Those sons-of-bitches...They are
dialog: worse than accountants -- they
dialog: are bad accountants.
text: Tom enters scene.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Have you guys seen Jane?
speaker_heading: ERNIE
text: She's in there becoming the first
dialog: woman bureau chief we've had here.
text: Tom takes this in.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: What did they do with you?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: They booted me out of Washington.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Impossible. There's no system that
dialog: wouldn't value one of us.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Why? What did they do to you?
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: (pointing at Aaron)
dialog: It's what he did. I'm proud of
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: They told me they'd keep me because
dialog: they could plug me into any story
dialog: and my salary was in line.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: The cost-efficient reporter.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: So I quit.
text: A weeping woman bursts into their circle and sweeps Ernie away.
text: Tom and Aaron stand there -- comrades at last -- victims of
dialog: the same sword.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You packing up tonight?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Yes. And I'm sorry that they're
dialog: sending you down for a while, but
dialog: you'll make it back...Where they
dialog: sending you?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: London.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (incensed)
dialog: London. That's a promotion!
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: I don't think so.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: It is. Yes -- that's where they
dialog: had Rorish, for God's sake, before
dialog: they made him anchor. I can't stand
dialog: it -- they're grooming you for it
dialog: all and you don't even know it.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Hold it down, okay?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Can I ask you something? You only
dialog: had one crew on the date rape piece,
dialog: right?
text: He extends his hand.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yes. You're not going to stick
dialog: around for the farewell party?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: No. I don't know how much fun it
dialog: will be when Martin Klein and Ernie
dialog: have to drop off their credentials
text: with the security guard.
text: Aaron looks at people packing their belongings in boxes -- a
text: few pockets of conversation... Ernie reading some copy.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: This story they won't cover. And if
dialog: the network doesn't cover it -- it
dialog: must not be important so why worry.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (eyeing him)
dialog: I'm going to miss you -- you're a
dialog: prick in a great way...
text: Aaron taken by surprise -- laughs.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You know what I...
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: No, I liked the way it made me sound.
dialog: Okay. Be good. So long.
text: He exits.
scene_heading: INT. TOM'S OFFICE - DAY
text: AS he picks up a clean wastebasket and deposits his belongings.
text: A scheduled book, clean shirt, two ties, cuff-links, a travel
text: mirror, cassettes of his Washington reporting. His desk clear --
text: he writes on a clean piece of copy paper. He centers it on his
dialog: desk.
scene_heading: INSERT - PAPER
dialog: "Good luck, you'll love the bureau chief... Previous Occupants."
scene_heading: INT. NEWSROOM - DAY
text: AS Tom enters from his office, a wake is slowly igniting. Tom
text: moves along the edge of the room, carrying his wastebasket full
text: of belongings, not really a part of the mournful festivities.
speaker_heading: TOM'S P.O.V.
text: Jane across the room hugging one person after another.
speaker_heading: ON JANE
text: AS she embraces an older secretary.
speaker_heading: OLDER SECRETARY
dialog: You know what I always wanted to
dialog: tell you -- that...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Shhh. This isn't the last time
dialog: we'll see each other. It's not.
text: A two-armed tight embrace of Martin Klein.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: We'll get them back -- it's going
dialog: to change.
text: Blair is at hand as they embrace.
speaker_heading: BLAIR
dialog: Except for socially, you're my role
dialog: model.
text: And now she sees Tom -- he mouths one word at her -- "London."
text: She nods that she already knows and then lets her body sag a
text: little. He gestures her towards her editing room, so they can
dialog: rendezvous.
scene_heading: INT. EDITING ROOM - DAY
text: AS Tom enters and waits for Jane. When she enters he closes
text: the door.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: These people -- it's all so awful.
dialog: It just hurts physically, doesn't
dialog: it? Like something's wrong with
dialog: your bones, like your organs are
dialog: shifting inside your body.
text: She looks at him expectantly. It's not what he's feeling.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Maybe I haven't been here long
dialog: enough.
dialog: (great)
dialog: But, hey, congratulations on the
dialog: promotion.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: How can you say that to me?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Sorry.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I can't stand here feeing bad that
dialog: I don't feel worse. This has happened
dialog: at every station I ever worked for.
dialog: Look, I think it's crazy for you to
dialog: come in here tomorrow and start a
dialog: new job. I have a week to get to
dialog: my job. Let's get the hell away to some
dialog: island fast and find out how we are
dialog: together away from this.
text: A beat -- Jane takes it in.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Well, I just think that' an extraordinary
dialog: proposal.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: That's yes?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: That's more than 'yes' -- that's
dialog: 'you bet.'
text: They kiss.
scene_heading: INT. AARON'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: The phone rings. He answers.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Hello.
scene_heading: INT. JANE'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Jane -- still at the office -- it is quite late.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Bastard, sneak, quitter.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Speaking.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I just found out. You didn't say
dialog: anything to me? You just resign?
dialog: Will you meet me now? -- No, now!
dialog: I'm going away tomorrow. Please.
scene_heading: INT. SIDEWALK - RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Across the street from the bureau's building. Aaron and Jane
text: are having a beer. They are in mid-conversation.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Why not try it for a few weeks?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Stop. Ernie thought I was good too --
dialog: he couldn't help. My agent has a
dialog: hot prospect -- the number two station
dialog: in Portland. The general manager says
dialog: he wants to be every bit as good as the
dialog: networks. Personally, I think he should
dialog: aim higher.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Tell me the God's honest truth --
dialog: are you leaving because of me?
dialog: Because if you are...
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Ernie told this story. How he used
dialog: to write obits and when the people
dialog: in town called him up with death
dialog: notices, he cried. He was till
dialog: that way when they promoted him
dialog: out of obits. He says you're lucky
dialog: if you can get out while you could
text: still cry.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I should have quit this place three
dialog: years ago.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You're just trying to say all great
dialog: stuff so I'll feel even worse that
dialog: you're not around.
text: He laughs.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Let's go...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I just want to sit here longer, I mean
dialog: the feeling is powerful -- why's that?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Maybe the best part of your life is over
dialog: and you don't want to get up and start
dialog: the bad part.
text: Jane looks at him levelly.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You are now required to sit here with
dialog: me.
dialog: (a beat; then)
dialog: Come on...be smart for a second --
dialog: what do you think will happen to us?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Okay, that's very easy. Five, six
dialog: years from now I'll be in town to
dialog: collect an award representing the surge
text: in foreign coverage by local stations.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (smile, it's like
dialog: old times)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I'll be walking with my wife and two
dialog: children -- we'll bump into you on
dialog: the street, my youngest son will say
dialog: something and I'll tell him...
dialog: (deliberately)
dialog: ...it's not nice to make fun of single,
dialog: fat ladies.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You won't be able to stay mad at me,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I hope so...
dialog: (on her look he relents)
dialog: No. I'm not really mad.
dialog: (nodding head as if
dialog: reciting a catechism)
dialog: I'll miss you, we'll talk, we'll always
dialog: be friends...we'll get hot for each other
dialog: every few years at dinner and never act
dialog: on it, okay?
text: Jane smiles -- Aaron has grown suddenly angry. He rises,
text: walks away, then turns.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Jane, you know how Tom had tears in
dialog: the piece the other night? Ask
dialog: yourself how we were able to see
dialog: them when he only had one camera
dialog: and that was pointing at the girl
dialog: during the interview.
dialog: (on her reaction)
dialog: I'm fairly sure I was right to tell
dialog: you.
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE - NIGHT
text: We LOOK THROUGH THE WINDOW as Jane enters -- in a frenzy --
text: searching the stacks.
scene_heading: INT. TAPE LIBRARY - NIGHT
text: As she locates the cassette labelled "DATE-RAPE - 9/26 -
scene_heading: EVENING NEWS - OUTTAKES."
scene_heading: INT. TAPE CUBBY - NIGHT
text: As she inserts the tape into the player.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON JANE... AND MONITOR
text: As she watches... this is what she sees...
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: ...but the whole thing messed me
dialog: up more than it should.
dialog: She cries. We HEAR Tom.
speaker_heading: TOM'S VOICE
dialog: Okay, that will do it. You okay?
text: The tape is rocky now -- the Sound Woman and Cameraman
text: continue to roll as they move towards their next shot --
text: at times the camera pointing towards the carpet -- but
text: the sound continues. The crew chatting -- mentioning
text: that the tape is still rolling.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: That's enough. That's enough.
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: Yes, I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Don't be silly. What are you sorry
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: The way you were looking at me, I just went.
text: Tom moves through the SHOT.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I just need you for another minute now,
text: so we can shoot from behind towards me,
dialog: and, um...
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: ...that way we have someplace to go when
dialog: we cut. And I just sit here, I nod my
text: head and look nerdy.
text: Young Woman chuckles.
text: Jane chuckles.
speaker_heading: SOUNDWOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Tom
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SOUNDWOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: It kills me we didn't have a second camera.
dialog: It was so powerful seeing your reaction.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Yes, it is.
speaker_heading: SOUND WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: For a second there, I thought you were
dialog: gonna cry yourself. That would have
dialog: been something.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (considering, then)
dialog: Then give me a minute...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (fully realizing)
dialog: You fucking...
text: As Jane watches we SEE Tom work up the tears we saw in the
text: Evening News piece -- as he does so:
speaker_heading: YOUNG WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Oh, that's amazing.
dialog: ON Jane's shocked reaction:
scene_heading: EXT. BWI AIRPORT - DAY
text: Jane's cab pulls up to the curb. She gets out -- she is
text: carrying no luggage. She sees Tom who hurriedly walks up
text: to her. Jane is fighting to maintain a calm.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Look who's the organized one.
dialog: I've got everything.
text: He briefly opens a paper gift shop bag he is holding and shows
text: her he has bought them each a bathing suit.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I'm not going.
text: He looks at her with anticipatory distaste evident on his face.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I saw the taped outtakes of the
dialog: interview with the girl. I know
dialog: you 'acted' your reaction after
dialog: the interview.
text: Tom half turns from her and moves back toward the bench. Jane close
text: behind, stalking him.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I felt funny about it afterwards. It's
dialog: verboten, huh? I thought since I did
dialog: it for real the first time -- but I get
dialog: you. That's not the reason you're not
dialog: coming?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (raising her voice)
dialog: Of course it's the reason. It's
dialog: terrible what you did.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: We disagree on how God-awful it
dialog: was. Why don't you come with me
dialog: and we can disagree and get a tan
dialog: at the same time?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (livid)
dialog: Jesus, if you're glib about this
dialog: I'm going to lose it. I was up
dialog: all night and...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Jane, Jane, Jane, Jane, Jane...
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: It made me ill. You could get
dialog: fired for things like that.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I got promoted for things like that.
speaker_heading: JANE
text: Working up tears for a new piece
dialog: cutaway...You totally crossed the
dialog: line between...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It's hard not to cross it; they keep
dialog: moving the little sucker, don't they?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (distaste)
dialog: It just proves that the difference we
dialog: have are...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: This is a one-way argument. We've got
dialog: six days; if you go and we fight and
dialog: we hate it -- we'll come home. If you
dialog: don't go? Well, that's a much bigger
dialog: deal. I go to London right after that.
dialog: So, it'd be very big deal if you stay
dialog: here. The plane's boarding. You're
dialog: good at deadline. Here's your ticket.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (taking ticket)
dialog: It's amazing. You commit this
dialog: incredible breach of ethics and
dialog: you act as if I'm nitpicking. Try
dialog: and get this. When you edited that...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (deliberately)
dialog: I'm leaving now. Gate 43.
text: He simply turns and walks away -- looking back once as Jane
text: stands there mucked up by his sudden departure -- the lack
text: of resolution to their confrontation is palpable.
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL - DAY
text: On Tom moving past the metal detector. He too is frustrated
text: -- pissed off at her.
scene_heading: INT. OTHER TERMINAL AREA
text: Jane moving quickly along towards the metal detectors.
scene_heading: INT. METAL DETECTOR
text: As Jane passes through and sets off the buzzer. She stands
text: there -- the heel of her hand pressed to her brow trying to
text: stem the tears. As others look on, she takes a huge key ring
text: from her pocket -- deposits it in the box -- walks through
text: without a buzzer and moves on.
scene_heading: INT. BOARDING RAMP - DAY
text: Tom waiting while in the b.g. "People Eater" busses ferry
text: passengers to the plane.
text: As one full "People Eater" pulls away and another empty one arrives.
scene_heading: TICKET AGENT
dialog: (to Tom)
dialog: This is the last one.
text: Others start to board. He sees Jane moving towards him.
text: He walks to her, she gestures back towards the street.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: That's not going to be the way
dialog: we say good-bye. Even though I
dialog: think what you did was rotten --
dialog: it's not all impersonal. You mean
dialog: something to me.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: You keep coming after me and
text: looking down on me. It's starting
dialog: to make me batty.
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: TOM (cont'd)
dialog: I can't help it that they like me.
dialog: And I like that they like me. And
dialog: I think there's a lot of this job that
dialog: I do well. What do you think it takes
dialog: to do this job -- the way they have
dialog: it now?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I don't wan to discuss work.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well, let's do a special report on
dialog: that...I mean that's news.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I knew what you meant.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What I don't know, I can learn and
dialog: what I know, nobody can teach.
dialog: Excuse me for saying it about myself,
dialog: but I think it's true.
dialog: (old habit)
dialog: What do you think?
dialog: (catching himself)
dialog: Never mind what you think.
text: They look at each other.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: You're lucky I came after you so
dialog: you got that off your...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yes, I am. Thanks. I mean it.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: It's okay.
scene_heading: TICKET AGENT
dialog: Sir?
text: The pressure begins to bend Jane's resolve.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: So you have an extra bathing suit, huh?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (wary but hopeful)
dialog: You want to come?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (totally open)
dialog: It's just that one of the few things
dialog: I'm not confused about is what I
dialog: was saying downstairs, that...
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (giving up -- sadly,
dialog: finally)
dialog: Then you should stay here.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: It's better when you let me say it.
text: He hugs her. Now that it's over, they can each openly care
text: for each other. While in the embrace:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Take it easy.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Why did I have to do this to
dialog: myself? Watch you take off.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Call me if you need anything.
text: He kisses her lightly -- looking at her... Then heartfelt:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Oh, honey.
text: He walks to the People Eater and gets on, still holding his
text: paper bags of bathing suits. The bus pulls away.
speaker_heading: ON JANE
text: Watching him go.
speaker_heading: JANE'S P.O.V.
text: Tom standing at the front window of the bus -- framed very
text: much as he is when on television.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT TAXICAB - DAY
text: Jane gets quickly into cab.
speaker_heading: CABBIE
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Good morning.
dialog: (after collecting herself)
dialog: Dupont Circle, please.
text: The cab pulls away.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Don't take the beltway, because at this
dialog: time of day there's gonna be a lot...
dialog: (stops herself, then)
dialog: ...Go any way you want.
text: She sits back in the seat (containing herself) before finally and
text: quietly adding what she knows to be true:
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: But New York Avenue's faster.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. CONVENTION CENTER - DAY
text: Much the same place where Jane and Tom first met. The
text: words "SEVEN YEAS LATER" appears on the screen.
text: A sign off to one side tells us it's the annual meeting of the
text: Local Television Broadcasters... and that at 2 P.M. Tom Grunick
dialog: will be speaking on "Responsibilities of Broadcast Journalism
dialog: for the '90s."
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: Much the same audience, though two members of the audience
dialog: may strike particular interest -- curly haired man seen
text: from behind holding a similarly curly haired five-year-old.
text: Tom is in mid-speech.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: ... when they told me Bill had decided
dialog: to retire and offered me the Evening
dialog: News, I thought it was the same kind
dialog: of joke we used to pull back at the
dialog: station -- turning off somebody's
text: prompter in the middle of a show.
text: Some good-natured laughter.
speaker_heading: TOM (cont'd)
dialog: And then when they heard my reaction --
dialog: they thought I was kidding. I told them
dialog: I'd be their anchor but I didn't want
dialog: to be the Managing Editor -- that there
dialog: were people better qualified than I to
dialog: control the content and if there
dialog: weren't we were all in trouble.
dialog: The audience really enjoys this:
scene_heading: SAME SCENE -- SOME MINUTES LATER
text: MOVING SHOT...
text: The anchor teams -- leaning forward. They love this man,
text: a humble specialist refusing the generalist trap. Imagine
dialog: the feeling -- you see, on the top of the mountain, a man
dialog: not unlike yourself.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: And now to something more
dialog: important... I'd like to introduce
dialog: my bride.
text: (gestures to a woman in
dialog: the front row)
dialog: Lila?
text: A svelte, classic, warm beauty gets to her feet.
text: ON CURLY HAIRED MAN AND BOY...
text: Aaron and his son as Aaron cranes for a look at Mrs. Grunick.
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM - STAGE AREA - MOMENTS LATER
text: Tom and Lila shaking hand. Aaron, his son in his arms, wait.
speaker_heading: ON TOM
text: As he sees Aaron... he is clearly delighted.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Holy shit, Aaron.
text: He claps him on the back... Aaron is as pleased as he is
text: uncomfortable with the attention.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Lila -- this is Aaron Altman.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: (high British accent)
dialog: Oh, yes -- you're one of Tom's
dialog: 50 or so role models.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well, this kid couldn't possibly
dialog: belong to anyone else. What's
dialog: your name?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Clifford...
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (indicating Tom)
dialog: Do you know who this is, Cliff?
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: The big joke?
text: Tom looks at him -- Aaron gives his son a disciplinary nudge.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: I'm just bringing him over to give
dialog: Jane a look at him --
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I thought she'd be here. I'll
dialog: go with you.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (to Lila)
dialog: I'll see you back at the hotel.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: (cool)
dialog: All right.
text: He starts off. She pulls him back for an urgent communication.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Tom, the speech was magnificent.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Oh, I didn't say anything about
dialog: your speech.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I appreciate it.
scene_heading: INT. WALKWAY - DAY
text: Tom, Aaron and the boy walking along. Tom plays with Cliff
text: as they move. The boy is delighted. Jane is in a park -- a
text: blanket spread out -- she is wearing shorts and a top -- she
text: has some wine and a small picnic -- a toy for Clifford.
text: She HEARS her name being called.
speaker_heading: ON JANE
text: Shielding her eyes from the sun -- now making out Tom. As
text: they reach her.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Well, why not?
dialog: (as they arrive)
dialog: Hey, what is this? My life's
text: rushing in front of my eyes.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: A picnic?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I thought for ol' Cliff here --
dialog: Look at you? You're more adorable
dialog: than your pictures. Look what I
dialog: got for you.
text: She hands him a toy.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: What do you say, Cliff?
text: The boy kisses Jane's hand.
speaker_heading: AARON
text: He excels at gratitude.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (to Jane)
dialog: Are you any closer to a decision?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I think so...They've been talking
dialog: to me about being Tom's Managing
dialog: Editor.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: (to Tom)
dialog: I'm going to take it.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: What a great surprise. I didn't
dialog: think we had a chance. I heard
dialog: you wanted to stay in Washington.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Well, there's a guy, but he says he'll
dialog: fly up a lot.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Well, we should talk. You going to
dialog: have time for dinner? I'd like
dialog: you to meet Lila.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I'm sorry because I was looking
dialog: forward to that, but I' m going
dialog: back in a few hours.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Okay...It's so good to see you.
text: She gives him a quick kiss. He shakes hands with Aaron.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (to Aaron)
dialog: It's nice to see you.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Congratulations on history's longest
dialog: winning streak.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: If you ever get restless in Portland,
dialog: let me know.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Why?
text: Tom shuffles uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: ON JANE
text: Smiling, appreciating Aaron's attitude toward a blandishment of the
dialog: powerful.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (to Jane as he leaves)
dialog: Bye...boss.
text: Tom walks away. He's a good twenty yards away when Aaron looks up
text: to see his son running after Tom.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Hey! Cliff! Cliff!
text: Tom now notices the boy, leans down and pats him.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (to Clifford)
dialog: Go back to your daddy.
text: The boy starts back.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Come on, Cliff. Come on.
text: As Clifford runs back to his father, Aaron sits next to Jane.
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: (to Jane)
dialog: So who's the guy?
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: Well, we met about three months ago.
text: He works at the surgeon general office.
dialog: He loves boating. So, he's been
dialog: getting me into water skiing.
text: Aaron laughs at the very notion of Jane finding water sports a lure.
text: Jane deliberately moves past this moment.
speaker_heading: JANE
dialog: I like it! So, doll, what about you
dialog: lately?
speaker_heading: AARON
dialog: Well -- my wife got this new job...
text: He continues to talk. As the two former colleagues catch up,
text: their ease returns, if not their intimacy, as the frame locks and
text: the scene slowly recedes into a black b.g. and we...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
