speaker_heading: BRUCE ALMIGHTY
dialog: by Steve Koren &amp; Mark O'Keefe
dialog: Rewrite by Steve Oedekerk
dialog: 7/30/02
dialog: Shady Acres Entertainment
scene_heading: INT. KOWOLSKI'S BAKERY - KITCHEN - DAY
text: A news crew shuttles around a GIGANTIC COOKIE. Standing by
text: are the KOWOLSKI BROTHERS, GUSTOV and VOL, two SHORT, STOCKY,
dialog: MEN, along with MOTHER KOWOLSKI and other bakery family
text: employees. A "30 YEAR ANNIVERSARY" sign hangs in the
dialog: background.
text: BRUCE NOLAN looks into a make-up mirror, desperately trying
text: to place a large segment of wayward hair.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oh, God, no! The hair's wrong.
dialog: This is a bad sign.
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: We really need to get a make-up
dialog: person?!
text: The segment producer, ALLY LOMAN, steps over.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Not in the budget. And not to *
dialog: *
dialog: worry, you're going to look great
dialog: in this.
text: She holds out a HAIR NET.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: A hair net? I'm not wearing a hair
dialog: net. I just did the hair.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: (matter of fact)
dialog: Health code. In the kitchen or
dialog: around the cookie, you gotta have
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (to crew: re hair net)
dialog: You guy's should tell me this
dialog: before hand, this is like a huge
dialog: waste of...moose.
text: Bruce spreads the hair net, bends down out of frame, comes up
text: looking ridiculous and very disgruntled.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Remind me to swing by an elementary *
dialog: school after this and serve lunch.
text: Ally laughs.
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: You're a thing of beauty. In
dialog: three, two, one. . .
text: Bruce SNAPS from pissed to instant charismatic TV newsman.
dialog: (Note: Whenever Bruce speaks on camera he speaks in his
text: "REPORTER'S VOICE" - that recognizable, too-smooth delivery
dialog: that all news reporters seem to have. In mathematical terms
dialog: Bruce's version is to the 7th power.)
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: For three decades the Kowolski
dialog: Family Bakery has been a mainstay
dialog: in downtown Buffalo. Known for
text: their sinfully rich, cream filled,
dialog: deep fried polski pierogis. And
dialog: the occasional sugar induced coma
dialog: that follows. Today, in honor of
dialog: their 30 year anniversary, Momma
dialog: Kowolski and her sons Gustov and
dialog: Vol, decided to do something, a
dialog: little bit different. Tell me
dialog: guys, how did this idea come about?
speaker_heading: GUSTOV
dialog: Well, Vol said to me, 'Gustov, why
dialog: don't we make the biggest chocolate
dialog: chip cookie in Buffalo?' And I
dialog: said, 'Yeah, sure.'
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Wow. Fascinating.
text: Bruce steps up to the HUGE COOKIE.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: The previous Buffalo cookie record
dialog: was 3 feet, 17 inches baked by
dialog: Gladys Pelsnick. But this behemoth
dialog: cookie clearly proving that Gustov
dialog: and Vol have much more free time.
text: The Kowolski brothers and all celebrate in the background,
text: toasting with big mugs of milk. Bruce steps forward, looks
text: dramatically at camera, slow zoom in as he speaks.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: As we witness the ceremonial
dialog: toasting with milk it makes one
dialog: pause and think. What are we
dialog: really looking at here?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: Is it just a big cookie or does
dialog: this cookie represent the pride of
dialog: Buffalo? Our dedicated and hard
dialog: working citizens the key
dialog: ingredient, with a few nuts thrown
dialog: in.
text: (motions his eyes to the
dialog: Kowolski twins)
dialog: And finally, the love of our
dialog: families which provides the warm
dialog: chewy center making our beloved
dialog: Buffalo the sweetest place to live.
text: Camera is in CLOSE as Bruce signs-off.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (CONT'D)
dialog: And that's the way the cookie
dialog: crumbles. I'm Bruce Nolan,
dialog: Eyewitness News.
text: Bruce's hair net SLIPS UP, PUFFING HIS HAIR INTO A BUN ON THE
text: TOP OF HIS HEAD. The Kowolskis and bystanders all laugh.
text: The frame FREEZES.
text: We PULL BACK from the TV and find Bruce holding the remote,
dialog: watching the recorded spot on TV. We are now...
scene_heading: INT. BRUCE AND GRACE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Bruce is with his longtime girlfriend, GRACE. She has a box
text: of photos on the coffee table in front of her organizing them
text: into a photo album.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: So, what do you think?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: It's good.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: It sucks. It's a story about a
dialog: cookie. People with eating
dialog: disorders will be riveted,
dialog: (goes into huge pathetic
dialog: fan character)
dialog: Dear Bruce, love the bakery piece.
dialog: I can't wait to vomit so I can make
dialog: room for more cookies.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I thought it was funny. I love the
dialog: hair net. How'd you get it to do
dialog: that?
dialog: 4.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What? I'm cutting that. They made
dialog: me wear that stupid thing. I don't
dialog: even look like myself. The hair is
dialog: one of the most important parts of
text: an on camera persona. Right out of
dialog: the gate, I lost the hair
dialog: advantage.
text: Grace looks at a photo,
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Oh, my gosh, look at this one. My
dialog: sister is so drunk.
text: She places it in the album.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Grace. Try to stay focused here.
dialog: I need your help.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Aren't you taking this a little too
dialog: seriously?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
text: It's sweeps Grace. It is serious.
dialog: There's an anchor job open. This
dialog: is important. This is our future!
text: Bruce points to the TV as he says "future," not realizing
text: he's pointing at the ridiculous image of himself with the
text: hair net bun. Grace can't help but giggle.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Bruce collapses into Grace's arms like a child. He clearly
dialog: has a fragile temperament.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: I'm never going to get anchor doing
dialog: these kind of assignments. I want
dialog: my work to matter.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: It does matter. You're funny. You
dialog: make people smile. Come on, take a
dialog: break, help me put this album
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (reluctant)
dialog: Alright.
text: Grace holds up a photo.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Oh look at this. It's the first
dialog: day we moved in together.
text: It's the two of them, younger, laughing.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (down)
dialog: Yeah, so full of hopes and dreams.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Oh, here's me at my sister's
dialog: wedding. I caught the bouquet.
text: It's a picture of Grace overpowering the other bridesmaids
dialog: for the bouquet.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You look pretty intense, hun.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Well, I was thinking about you.
text: Grace cuddles into Bruce.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: So, you're attracted to me in some
dialog: way, is that what you're trying to
dialog: say?
text: Grace rolls over onto Bruce.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: You have no idea.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I was saving myself for the wedding
dialog: night, but if you keep this up, I
dialog: may lose my resolve.
text: Grace stands, pulling Bruce up.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Well, that's the way the cookie
text: crumbles.
text: They kiss, stumbling toward the bedroom.
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Hey, that's a good line, but you
dialog: need more resonance. From the
text: diaphragm.
dialog: (newscaster voice)
dialog: That's the way the cookie crumbles.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Oh, say it again.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (bigger)
dialog: That's the way the cookie crumbles.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (sweet, southern groupie)
dialog: Oh, I just love on-air
dialog: personalities.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (newscaster voice)
dialog: Well then, let me take these
dialog: clothes off and slip into my hair
dialog: net.
text: Grace laughs, Bruce joins in as they disappear into the
dialog: bedroom.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: A TELEVISION SCREEN
text: We see the INTRO FOR SIXTY MINUTES:
speaker_heading: NEWS CLIP
dialog: I'm Ed Bradley, I'm Merely Safer,
dialog: an d I ' m --
text: LESLIE STAHL is HIT IN THE NECK WITH A TRANQUILIZER DART.
text: Her head wavers, then DROPS on the desk. The camera PANS to
text: BRUCE, who lowers a bamboo blow gun, cooly addresses camera.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: ...Bruce Nolan. And this is Sixty
dialog: Minutes.
text: THE SIXTY MINUTES TICKING CLOCK
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: BRUCE'S ALARM CLOCK - IT RINGS
dialog: We are in. . .
dialog: 7.
scene_heading: INT. BRUCE AND GRACE'S APARTMENT - MORNING
text: Bruce lies next to Grace with a big smile on his face. Grace
text: hits the alarm, rolls over snuggling close to Bruce.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Sweety, time to get up...
text: She kisses Bruce, gets up.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: No, I'm having a great dream.
text: The covers are RIPPED OUT OF FRAME. Bruce throws a mock
dialog: hissy fit.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Bruce watches TV as he buttons his shirt.
speaker_heading: SPORTSCASTER
dialog: ...and the Sabers lost another
dialog: close one last night. Four to
dialog: three to the Toronto Maple Leafs.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Of course they lost, they're my
dialog: team.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MOMENTS LATER
text: Bruce checks his hair in the mirror practicing his new sign-
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: "And that's the way the cookie
dialog: crumbles."
dialog: (calls to Grace)
dialog: You know, I think there might be
dialog: something to that cookie line.
dialog: Everything great anchor has his own
text: signature sign-off.
dialog: (as Walter Cronkite)
dialog: "And that's the way the cookie
dialog: crumbles."
speaker_heading: ANGLE - SAM
text: Peeing in the corner on the carpet.
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oh no! Grace, the dog!
speaker_heading: GRACE (O.S.)
dialog: I'm in the shower!
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Ah!
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT STAIRCASE
text: Bruce runs along carrying the peeing Sam with extended arms
text: dodges a man ascending the stares, who gets sprinkled.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Whoops, sorry.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: Bruce makes it outside, sets Sam down on the grass. Sam
text: looks up innocently at Bruce, finished.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oh, you're all done, huh?
dialog: B-e-a-utiful.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL WONDERS DAY CARE - MORNING
text: Bruce pulls up in his Ford Tauras to a cluster of cars
text: unloading kids. A 2003 MERCEDES SRL passes by.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Wow, nice car, huh?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Yeah, if you want to rub your
dialog: success in people's faces.
text: Then Bruce notices a big medical van in front of the school
text: with a BLOOD DRIVE SIGN.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What's with the hubbub?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: We're having a blood drive.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Creepy. Needles, yech...
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Oh, that's a nice response.
dialog: 9.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I mean, it's just s o . . .
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Helpful and life saving?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: C'mon, that's your...blood. It's
dialog: in your body and I don't think it's
dialog: supposed to come out. Besides,
dialog: they stockpile that stuff. They
dialog: have an endless supply frozen in a
dialog: warehouse somewhere then tell
dialog: everyone there's a shortage.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: They do not. Now stop it. I'm *
dialog: giving. I have a very rare blood *
dialog: type, AB positive.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Well, I'm IB positive. IB positive
dialog: they aint touchin' me with no
dialog: needle.
text: Grace sighs in exasperation, starts out when...
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (suddenly remembers
dialog: something)
dialog: O. . .
dialog: h
text: She places a STRING OF PRAYER BEADS on the rearview mirror.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Prayer beads. The kids made 'em.
dialog: Keep you safe.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Well, I hope they work, cause it's
dialog: going take a miracle to get me to
dialog: work on time.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY
text: Bruce is stuck in bumper to bumper traffic. He stares at the
text: prayer beads with a "thanks alot" look.
dialog: 10.
text: A big accident ahead. Bruce looks at his watch, he's
text: screwed. A person is CARRIED BY ON A STRETCHER, Bruce is
dialog: oblivious.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: This is just my luck.
text: Bruce's BEEPER sounds. He checks it.
speaker_heading: BRUCE.
dialog: The meeting's starting, perfect...
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: Screw it.
text: He looks to the right of the car in front of him, then peels
text: off onto the shoulder, passing tons of cars.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Catch you later, lemmings 1 It's
dialog: kill or be killed, only the strong
dialog: survive, no guts, no glory1
speaker_heading: SFX: SIREN
text: Bruce pulls over, fumes.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (looking heavenward)
dialog: Thank you.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Bruce screeches into a space, races out of the car, bumping
text: over a trash can, goes back to pick it up, sees a HOMELESS
text: MAN who sits peacefully next to a paint bucket and sign
text: boards. The various "warnings" change daily. Today's SIGN
dialog: reads:
speaker_heading: R EWE BLIND?
text: Bruce looks at the sign quizzically for a beat, then
text: continues on.
scene_heading: INT. NEWSROOM - DAY
text: Bruce rushes through the newsroom, rounds a corner and runs
text: right into BOBBY, the endlessly yammering PASTRY CART GUY.
dialog: 1.
speaker_heading: 1
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Bruce the goose! Morning, Buddy.
dialog: Don't even move, I got somethin'
dialog: special today. My mom made it just
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Well, that's- Bobby, I gotta go-
dialog: I'm late...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (bending down)
dialog: You like Quiche?
text: He comes back up, proudly presents a slice of quiche.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You know, contrary to popular
dialog: belief the quiche was actually
dialog: invented by the Mayans, then stolen
dialog: by the French. They shoulda said,
dialog: "Hey, that quiche ain't yours, it's
dialog: Mayan!"
text: Bobby belts out a laugh.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Bobby, I can't, I--
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Just taste it, taste it...
text: Bobby shoves a bite into Bruce's mouth. Bruce feigns liking
text: it with exasperation.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Mmm, delicious, I really gotta go.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: That's a buck seventy-five.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Can you get Kelly- Ahh...
text: Bruce tosses the thought, digs into his pocket, fishing for
dialog: cash.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Oh, two o'clock, two o'clock, two-o-
dialog: five, two-ten...
dialog: 12.
text: Bruce glances over, annoyed but freezes at the sight of sexy
text: anchorwoman, SUSAN ORTEGA across the room.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Way out of our league, huh?
text: Bruce offers his money to Bobby.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You know, I saw them editing your
dialog: cookie piece.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: They must have gotten high or
dialog: something, cause they was orderin'
dialog: everything, I had. Hey, how long
dialog: have you been interested in pastry?
dialog: 'Cause I've got an aunt who makes
text: baklava twenty layers deep.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (holding money out)
dialog: Bobby.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (gets a brilliant idea)
dialog: Maybe you could do a story on her!
text: Bruce tosses the money on the cart, heads off.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Keep the change.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (calling after)
dialog: I'll give her a call, we'll talk
dialog: about it later!
scene_heading: INT. STAFF MEETING ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: ON THE MONITOR:
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Is something killing your kids?
dialog: Find out tonight at eleven.
text: Bruce looks at the sign quizzically for a beat, then
text: continues on.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: IN THE ROOM
text: The morning meeting is well in progress. Leading the group
text: is the station manager and Bruce's boss, JACK KELLER, 50's, a
text: constant furrow in his brow.
text: Also in the room: Bruce's fellow field reporter and rival
text: EVAN BAXTER, 30' s , a walking statement. Impeccable posture,
dialog: perfect speech, perfect everything and he knows it.
dialog: FRED DONOHUE, the ever jovial sports reporter; always tanned,
dialog: vain weatherman, DALLAS COLEMAN and segment producer Ally
dialog: Loman.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Okay, promos are approved, let's--
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Ah, isn't that last one a little
dialog: misleading? I mean, the story's
dialog: about flu shots. Do we have to
dialog: scare people to death?
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: No, just into watching. Or I could
dialog: change it to: "Slow news day, come
dialog: yawn with us. At eleven."
speaker_heading: FRED
text: Sniffles at eleven is nice.
speaker_heading: DALLAS
dialog: Attack of the killer sniffles?
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: (to Dallas)
text: The tanning booth is starting to
dialog: zap your brain, you know that?
speaker_heading: DALLAS
dialog: I don't use a tanning booth.
text: A beat and they all crack up.
speaker_heading: FRED *
dialog: Come on. You're turning orange. *
speaker_heading: EVAN *
dialog: He looks Florida ripe to me. . *
dialog: More laughs. *
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I would have swore I already said
dialog: this, but promos are approved. Now *
dialog: can we move on? *
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Jack, shouldn't the promos be *
text: focusing on Pete's retirement.
dialog: This is his last week.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (leading)
dialog: Yeah, yeah. Any word on the open
dialog: anchor position, Jack?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Evan, you'11 know something when I
dialog: know something.
text: Bruce bursts into the room. The meeting stops. Jack doesn't
text: need to say anything, he just looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Sorry, Jack. It wasn't my fault.
dialog: The traffic was -- You guys already
dialog: played the spots?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Nice story, Bruce, but we're going
dialog: with Evan's piece on the sex
dialog: scandal at the mayor's office for
dialog: sweeps.
text: This hits Bruce hard. A beat of silence.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: And that's the way the cookie
text: crumbles.
text: The others chuckle. Only Ally remains sympathetic.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I'm just messin' with you, Bruce.
dialog: See you've got to remember that the
dialog: news room is like a cookie...
text: More laughs.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (re: Evan's perfect
dialog: posture)
dialog: That's great Evan.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (cont'd)
dialog: Is you're posture naturally that
dialog: good, or do you have to shove a
dialog: stick up there?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Okay, knock it off... Bruce we're
dialog: holding your story in reserve.
dialog: Now, can we get back to the board
dialog: so we have something to air today?
text: Jack continues with assignments. Evan sits smugly, as Bruce
text: slides down into his chair, deflated.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Jack is at Bobby's cart, paying for a sandwich. Bruce
text: catches up .to him.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Jack, Jack, hey. Can I talk to you
dialog: for a second?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sure, Bruce. What do you need?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Sweeps.
text: Jack takes his sandwich and leaves. Bobby leans to Bruce.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Don't worry about it. I called my
dialog: aunt, we're on.
text: Bruce looks at Bobby, continues after and catches Jack.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Look, Jack. Hear me out, I'm
dialog: getting desperate man, I am pushing
dialog: forty and what have I got to show
dialog: for it? The point is, I've hit
dialog: some kind of a ceiling here. Some
dialog: kind of anti-Bruce barrierI And
dialog: Evan is just lovin' it, by the way.
dialog: He gets the good stories, he gets
dialog: on sweeps. Maybe I have to be more
dialog: like Evan.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You don't want to be like Evan.
dialog: Evan's an asshole.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I can be an asshole.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No, Bruce. You can't.
text: Bruce thinks, then flips Jack's sandwich plate over. It
text: scatters on the floor. Jack and Bruce stare at each other
dialog: for a beat.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Are you going to pick that up?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Yeah, I'm sorry.
text: Bruce bends down, starts picking up Jack's food.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: It's just- this anchor position
dialog: looming, it's gotten me nuts...
text: He hands the plate to Jack, as sexy anchorwoman SUSAN ORTEGA
text: saunters by.
speaker_heading: JACK BRUCE
dialog: Hi, Susan. Hi, Susan.
speaker_heading: SUSAN ORTEGA
dialog: Hi, Jack.
text: Bruce blanches at this obvious snubbing.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Look, Bruce. You're a good
dialog: reporter. You make people laugh.
dialog: God knows today we can use it.
dialog: Bruce slumps, he's heard this a thousand times before. *
speaker_heading: JACK *
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Alright, tell you what. It's the *
dialog: 23rd anniversary of the Maid of the
dialog: Mist. I want you at Niagara Falls
dialog: in an hour.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Maid of the Mist. That's always
dialog: live.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yep.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Evan gets the live feeds.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Well now you and Evan get the live
dialog: feeds.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I'm going live. In sweeps.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yes, but watch yourself, Bruce.
dialog: I've seen your outtakes.
text: Bruce hugs Jack, pressing the sandwich against his chest.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Yes 1 You will not regret this,
dialog: Jack.
dialog: (releases Jack)
dialog: I will not forget you when I go
dialog: national.
text: Bruce takes off, Jack looks down, peels the sandwich off his
text: chest. We hear children's joyous SHRIEKS...
scene_heading: INT. SMALL WONDERS DAY CARE - DAY
text: A COUPLE DOZEN KIDS playing at Grace's self-starter business,
text: a one room day care center filled with children and toys.
text: Grace turns, reacts.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Martin, are you eating the glitter
dialog: again?
scene_heading: ON MARTIN - AN ADORABLE HISPANIC BOY
text: He shakes his head "no."
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Martin. Open your mouth. Abra su
dialog: boca.
text: He does. His tongue sparkles with glitter.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Oh, you're not huh? Well, then
dialog: you've got a bad case of Liberace.
text: Grace's sister, Debbie, enters. She's wearing a nurse's
text: outfit. Her youngest, ZOE, 3, runs over to greet her.
speaker_heading: ZOE
dialog: Mommy1
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: They didn't teach you Spanish in
dialog: nursing school, did they?
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Well, it seemed like they were
dialog: speaking a foreign language
dialog: sometimes, but no. Problemo?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Martin has decided to explore new
dialog: food groups.
dialog: (back to Martin)
dialog: Martin, this is for art. Like this.
text: She spreads paste on the paper, sprinkles glitter.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Is it so wrong to tie them up?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: D eb -- Ma rt i n!
text: Martin is busted with the paste spreader stuck in his mouth.
text: Grace snatches it.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Okay, go rinse your mouth with
dialog: water. Lave su boca. Go.
dialog: (to Debbie)
dialog: I swear that kid is going to poop
dialog: an ornament.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: You're good with them, you know.
dialog: You should have some of your own.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Don't start...
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Free milk cow.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Debbie, don't call me that.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: If the moo fits.
text: The phone RINGS.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Saved by the bell. Grab that for
dialog: me, will you?
dialog: Debbie does.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Small Wonders Day Care.
scene_heading: EXT. NIAGARA FALLS - DAY
text: Bruce is on his cell phone, while the NEWS CREW races around,
text: setting up for the report. The FALLS ROAR behind him and the
text: Mate of the Mist sightseeing boat is in the b.g.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Grace?
text: INTERCUT DAY CARE AND FALLS
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (cheery)
dialog: No, it's Debbie. The sister who's
dialog: life you're not wasting.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Hey.
text: Grace GRABS THE PHONE.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (feigns innocent)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Sorry, honey. My sister seems to
dialog: think she's my mother. Where are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (flying high)
dialog: Oh, A little place called the
dialog: winners circle. I'm at the Falls
dialog: doing a "live" report.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Live? That's greatI
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Yep, it's happenin', hun. I got
dialog: sweeps and I'm live. You know what
dialog: that means?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (cont'd)
dialog: They're seeing if I can think on my
dialog: feet, like you might have to do in
text: a live news anchor situation.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Oh, my gosh.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: This is happening for us, Grace.
dialog: What we've always talked about.
dialog: Jack practically came out and told
dialog: me.
text: Grace quickly switches gears. She experienced the premature-
dialog: celebration before.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Wait, what do you mean practically?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Well, he didn't spell it out, but
dialog: this is exactly what happened to
dialog: Susan Ortega right before she was
text: bumped up to the desk.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (being cautious)
dialog: I just want to make sure we're not
dialog: getting too ahead of ourselves.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I totally agree, but in the mean
dialog: time you should start thinking
dialog: about what coast you want to live
dialog: on.
text: Ally interrupts, indicating the time.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oh, they're calling me, I gotta go.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Good luck, honey. I love you. *
speaker_heading: BRUCE *
dialog: I love you. *
dialog: (hangs up) *
text: Debbie turns to Grace. *
speaker_heading: DEBBIE *
dialog: Moooo. *
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: GRACE *
dialog: Stop it. *
scene_heading: EXT. NIAGARA FALLS - MAID OF THE MIST BOAT - DAY
text: Ally hustles Bruce toward the bow of the boat, as he places
dialog: his ear piece.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: They want you close to the falls.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What for? I'll get soaked.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: That's the point. They want you to
dialog: hold up this.
text: She hands Bruce a very stupid looking, blue "falls" shaped
text: UMBRELLA with the MAID OF THE MIST INSIGNIA.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Part of the condition of us getting
dialog: the exclusive.
text: Bruce takes the umbrella.
speaker_heading: ' ' BRUCE
dialog: Lovely. Glad I wore my tap shoes.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Remember, this is their 23rd
dialog: anniversary. Capacity is 59. They
dialog: cater to tourists, honeymooners. . .
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: And people who are insanely ' *
dialog: thirsty, I get it. *
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: And you'll be interviewing Irene
dialog: Dansfeild...
text: She positions A VERY, VERY OLD WOMAN next to Bruce.
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: ...She rode on the maiden voyage
dialog: with her late husband. Okay, 90 *
dialog: seconds.
text: Bruce looks upward at the ridiculous umbrella. Mutters
dialog: encouragement to himself.
dialog: 22,
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: 90 seconds, going live. Think
dialog: anchor, think dignity,
dialog: (glances up toward
dialog: umbrella)
dialog: Ignore umbrella. Just have fun.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: THE LIVE FEED IN THE CAMERA TRUCK AT THE FALLS
text: Some of the CREW MEMBERS watch the feed.
speaker_heading: ON TV
text: Pete Fineman is reporting.
speaker_heading: PETE FINEMAN
dialog: ...but because of the fast response
dialog: by our local fire fighters, the
dialog: toxic chemicals were cleaned up
dialog: without incident. Susan.
text: The female co-anchor, SUSAN ORTEGA:
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: Bruce Nolan is standing by at
dialog: Niagara Falls with a report on the
dialog: Maid of the Mist sightseeing boat,
dialog: but before we go live to Bruce, we
dialog: have an announcement to make. As
dialog: everyone knows, after 33 years, our
text: beloved Pete Fineman is retiring.
text: Pete smiles a proud, heart-felt smile.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Pete's shoes are virtually
dialog: impossible to fill, but the show
dialog: must go on. And we could think of
dialog: no one better than our very own
dialog: Evan Baxter.
speaker_heading: ON BRUCE
text: Listening to the feed. His FACE GOES WHITE. He stands in
dialog: shock.
text: Evan is seated next to Susan.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Congratulations, Evan. Looks like
dialog: we'll be sitting side by side from
dialog: now on.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Thanks, Susan. I ' m thrilled and
dialog: honored. Like you said, no one can
dialog: replace the great Pete Fineman, but
dialog: I'll do my best. I have to say I
dialog: am so proud to be a part of our
dialog: local community. Of Buffalo. I
dialog: think a great city is a lot like a
dialog: great recipe really. Put in some
dialog: hard working citizens, add some
dialog: care givers, maybe a few nuts...
text: The other news anchors and Evan himself chuckle at "his"
text: joke. Bruce listens on the feed, beyond stunned.
speaker_heading: EVAN (CONT'D)
dialog: All sprinkled with the strength and
dialog: love of our good families, that
dialog: ultimately creates a sweet place to
dialog: live. Thank you.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (touched)
dialog: Wow. That was amazing. And now
dialog: let's go live to wacky Bruce Nolan
dialog: out at Niagara Falls.
scene_heading: EXT. NIAGARA FALLS - CONTINUOUS
text: Bruce stands like a deer in headlights, drenched, holding the
text: ridiculous umbrella. Ally sig nals Bruce he's on. He stares
text: into camera, numb.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL WONDER DAY CARE - SAME TIME
text: The kids are gone. Grace watches the TV with a few other
text: teachers. She's concerned.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Talk honey, talk.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO CONTROL ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Jack rushes in, looking at Bruce on the monitor.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What's going on?
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: We've got a Walt Disney.
speaker_heading: CONSOLE OPERATOR
dialog: Frozen solid.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: He may not have audio. Check his
dialog: feed, have Susan cover.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO CONTROL ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Susan reacts to the message in her ear piece.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: We may be having a bit of technical
dialog: difficulty...
text: Evan smiles in the background, clearly enjoying himself.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO CONTROL ROOM - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: CONSOLE OPERATOR
dialog: Feed's good, Jack.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Come on, Bruce, talk damn-it...
dialog: Okay, get ready to pull the plug.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL WONDERS CARE - DAY
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Please baby, say something...
scene_heading: EXT. NIAGARA FALLS - CONTINUOUS
text: Like popping out of a coma, Bruce surges in. Surprisingly,
dialog: seems very up and fine.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Thank you, Susan 1 Bruce Nolan here
dialog: aboard the Maid of the Mist at
dialog: Niagara falls.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL WONDERS DAY CARE - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Thank you, God.
dialog: 25,
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO CONTROL ROOM - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (sighs relief)
dialog: Thank God.
text: Jack pats the Director's shoulder, heads out of the room.
scene_heading: EXT. NIAGARA FALLS - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: First off, "I want to add another
dialog: congratulations to Evan Baxter.
dialog: It's good to see what someone with
dialog: real talent can accomplish when
dialog: great opportunities are given to
dialog: him instead of me.
dialog: (still smiling)
dialog: Anyway, I'm here, I believe with
dialog: Katherine Hepburn's mom. Tell me,
dialog: why did you toss the blue "heart of
dialog: the ocean" jewel over the railing
dialog: of Titanic?
text: The Old Woman doesn't know what to say.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Did you feel guilty at all letting
dialog: Leonardo Decaprio freeze, while you
dialog: were safe floating on the big door?
dialog: Do you think he would have survived
dialog: if you had taken turns, or were you
dialog: too afraid to freeze your big fat
dialog: ass off?
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO CONTROL ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Jack rockets back into the room.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Did I just hear..?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Well, I guess that's the way life
dialog: works, isn't it? Some people are
text: drenched, freezing to death, on a
dialog: stupid boat, with a stupid
dialog: umbrella...
dialog: (heaves the umbrella)
dialog: while others who aren't fit to kiss
dialog: my willy, are sitting in a nice,
dialog: comfy news room, sucking up all the
speaker_heading: glory111
dialog: 26.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL .WONDERS DAY CARE - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: This isn't happening. This isn't
dialog: happening...
scene_heading: EXT. NIAGARA FALLS - CONTINUOUS
text: Bruce takes off walking, the camera follows.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Now, lets speak to the owner. Come
dialog: on in here, Bill.
text: Bill shakes his head "NO" as Bruce pulls him into frame.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Bill, you.'ve been running the Maid
dialog: of the Mist for 23 years. Tell me,
dialog: why do you think I didn't get the
dialog: anchor job?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Hey, man, I don't want any--
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Do you think it's my hair?
dialog: (Bruce messes his hair
dialog: like crazy)
dialog: Maybe my teeth aren't white enough?
dialog: Or like the great falls, is the
dialog: bedrock of my life slowly erroding
dialog: underneath me.
dialog: (moving closer to camera,
dialog: to an inch away)
text: Erroding. Erroooding.
dialog: Errodiiiing...
scene_heading: INT. NEWS ROOM - DAY
text: All work has stopped. Stunned staffers stare at the monitor.
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO CONTROL ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Jack stands with his jaw dropped, snaps out of it.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Alright, cut the feed! Cut to
dialog: black if you have to.
scene_heading: CONTROL BOOTH OPERATOR
dialog: I'm on it.
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: EXT. NIAGARA FALLS - CONTINUOUS
text: Bruce is now licking the camera lens. He steps back and
text: signs-off. Smooth as silk.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I'm Bruce Nolan for Eyewitness
dialog: news. Back to you fuckers 1
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO CONTROL ROOM - .CONTINUOUS
text: Susan Ortega stares frozen blankly into camera.
speaker_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE BUILDING - DAY
text: Bruce is TOSSED OUT THE FRONT DOORS, his box of possessions
text: spilling on the ground. Bruce FLAILS at the building.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Bruce carries his box to his car, when he HEARS A NOISE.
text: A street GANG is hassling the HOMELESS SIGN GUY. Pushing him
text: around, breaking and painting over his signs.
text: Instinctively, Bruce walks over.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Hey, come on guys. What are you
dialog: doin'? Just leave him alone.
text: They turn, look at Bruce, laugh and head off. Bruce helps
text: the Sign Guy up, looks after the Gang.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Yeah, you'd better keep walkin'.
text: They stop cold, turn back to Bruce and CHARGE AT HIM. Bruce
text: attempts to run, but they leap on him in a big dog pile,
text: swinging and kicking.
text: Bruce is left with a bloody lip, lying beside his car. We
text: hear the sound of smashing glass and scratching metal and the
text: gang running off. Bruce slowly gets up.
text: Reveal Bruce's car, WINDOW'S SMASHED, PAINT SCRAPED and the
text: word "HERO" KEY SCRATCHED ON THE DOOR.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: B-e-a-utiful.
dialog: (looks up)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (cont'd)
dialog: Just what you get for trying to
dialog: help someone.
text: Bruce gets in, pulls out of the parking lot passing the
text: Homeless Man who sits beaten up holding a scrawled out sign
scene_heading: "LIFE IS. JUST"
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Get a clue, buddy.
scene_heading: INT. BRUCE AND GRACE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Bruce is pacing, holding an ICE PACK to his swollen lip.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Thank God you're alright.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: God, yeah. Let's thank God.
dialog: Thanks for everything, Lord. I am
dialog: so honored that my horrible demise
dialog: is a part of your loving and
dialog: mysterious plan.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Bruce, don't talk like that.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oh, don't worry, he's not
dialog: listening. If he is he doesn't
dialog: care. Have you seen the news
dialog: lately? We got gangs, we got
dialog: drugs, we got corruption. What
dialog: kind of God lets that happen?
dialog: Every time we cure a disease he
dialog: comes up with a new one!
dialog: (goes into God character)
dialog: Yeah, is this the lab? Yeah, it's
dialog: God. They've just come up with a
dialog: treatment for syphilis down there.
dialog: I think it's time to release the
dialog: tainted monkey. Oh, and there's a
dialog: guy in Ohio who's praying for
dialog: strength and wisdom, blind him and
text: cut off his legs.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: So God is torturing us?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Think about it, Grace. God is all-
dialog: powerful . He could fix everything
dialog: in five minutes if he wanted to.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (cont'd)
dialog: But he doesn't want to. He doesn't
dialog: like me.
text: Sam starts PEEING ON THE RUG.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oh, Perfect!
dialog: (to the dog)
dialog: But you're aim isn't so good, I'm
dialog: over herel
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Bruce, please. This isn't his
dialog: fault.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Of course not.
dialog: (hushed tone)
text: It's part of the mysterious plan.
text: Grace puts Sam outside. Returns, trying to calm Bruce.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Honey, you're mad right now. It's
dialog: understandable. And what Evan did
dialog: was slimy and wrong. But your job
dialog: doesn't matter to me. You matter
dialog: to me. You could've really been
dialog: hurt. I'm just glad you're okay.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Okay? News flash: I'm not okayi
dialog: And I'm not okay with the fact that
dialog: you think everything is okay. I'm
dialog: not okay with a mediocre job. I'm
dialog: not okay with a mediocre apartment.
dialog: I'm not okay with a mediocre LIFE!
text: Bruce angrily swipes at the table knocking the photos and the
dialog: photo albums to floor.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Is that what you have, Bruce?
dialog: A mediocre life? Well, I'm sorry
dialog: for being a piece in your mediocre
dialog: puzzle.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Terrific. I'm drowning and you
dialog: throw me a brick!
text: Grace starts to cry.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Perfect! I'll have the worst day
dialog: of my life with a side order of
dialog: guilt, please. I-- I don't need
dialog: this.
text: Bruce grabs his keys and heads out.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - NIGHT
text: It's RAINING now. Bruce drives, going nowhere in particular.
text: His frustration is turning to desperation.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Okay, God. You want me to talk to
dialog: you? Then talk back. Tell me
dialog: what's going on? What should I
dialog: do? Give me a sign...
text: Bruce passes a BLINKING YELLOW CAUTION LIGHT, doesn't
dialog: notice. . .
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I'm right here. Speak to me.
text: A PEDESTRIAN stepping into the crosswalk, steps back out of
dialog: the way.
speaker_heading: PEDESTRIAN
dialog: SLOW DOWN, ASSHOLE!
text: Bruce is oblivious.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: All I need is some guidance.
dialog: Please send me a signal.
text: A TRUCK TRANSPORTING VARIOUS ROAD SIGNS pulls in front of
dialog: Br uce . F our way s, bli nki ng. The va rie d s igns re ad: Yi eld ,
dialog: Wrong Way, Dead End, Do Not Enter, Stop.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oh well, I guess you don't care.
text: Bruce spots the PRAYER BEADS hanging on the rearview mirror.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Okay, we'll do it your way.
dialog: (pulls the beads from the
dialog: mirror)
dialog: Lord, I need a miracle. Please
dialog: help me.
dialog: 31.
text: He hits a bump and the BEADS DROP TO THE FLOOR. Bruce
text: reaches down, fishes for the beads...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Come on, where'd you go?
dialog: (holds them up in triumph)
dialog: Ah ha! AHHH!
text: And BAM!11 BRUCE'S CAR SLAMS INTO A LIGHT POST.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - LAKE EERIE - CONTINUOUS
text: Bruce stumbles out, surveys his demolished car, then looks at
text: the beads in his hands. He begins to laugh maniacally.
text: He spots the lake, starts running toward it like a madman,
text: HEAVES THE PRAYER BEADS INTO THE LAKE. He looks heavenward,
dialog: challenging the Infinite.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Okay, if that's the way you want
dialog: it. The gloves are off, pal! Let
dialog: me see a little wrath! Smite me oh
dialog: mighty smiteri What, no pestilence
dialog: no boils? Come on, you got me on
dialog: the ropes, don't you want to finish
dialog: me off?! You're the one who should
dialog: be fired! The only one around here
dialog: not doing his job is YOU! What are
dialog: we, you're little pet project? A
dialog: hobby you tinker with now and
dialog: again? Answer me. ANSWER ME!!!
text: A beat of silence then Bruce's BEEPER GOES OFF. He cynically
text: chuckles at the timing, checks it, sees 772-5623.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Sorry, don't know you, wouldn't
dialog: call you if I did.
text: Bruce walks off toward his wrecked car, it BEEPS AGAIN.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE ON - AN ALARM CLOCK
dialog: The BEEPING continues. We are in. . .
scene_heading: INT. BRUCE AND GRACE'S APARTMENT - BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Bruce wakes, slaps at the alarm clock, groggy, reaches for
text: the phone, finally realizes it's the beeper. He gets up,
text: begrudgingly, checks it. The same number.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Well, hello again 772-5623, don't
dialog: hold your breath.
text: Bruce tosses the pager on the bed, heads for the bathroom.
text: The beeper BEEPS. Bruce stops in his tracks, turns, opens
text: the window, grabs the beeper and FIRES IT OUT. It SHATTERS
text: against a telephone pole. He calmly continues to the
dialog: bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: A note is stuck in the bathroom mirror, with an old picture
dialog: of he and Grace in happier times. The note simply says:
dialog: "I LOVE YOU. WE NEED TO TALK.
dialog: Grace"
text: Peering over top of the note, Bruce sees Sam circling on the
dialog: rug.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oh, no.
scene_heading: EXT. STAIR WELL - CONTINUOUS
text: Bruce runs down the stairs carrying the trickling, Sam.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT - DAY
text: Bruce sets Sam on the grass. Sam looks up, finished.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What's the point?
speaker_heading: BEEP, BEEP, BEEP...
text: Bruce walks over to the shattered beeper. He picks up a
text: small piece of it containing the LED read out: 772-5623
speaker_heading: ON BRUCE - AMAZED
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BRUCE AND GRACE'S APARTMENT - MOMENTS LATER
scene_heading: A PHONE - BRUCE DIALS THE NUMBER
scene_heading: A PRERECORDED VOICE ANSWERS
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: COMPUTERIZED VOICE
dialog: Denied that promotion at work? Is
dialog: life unfair? Everywhere you turn
dialog: is there someone less talented than
dialog: you reaping all the benefits ? Is
dialog: your name Bruce? Then do we have
dialog: the job for you. We're located at
dialog: 77256 23rd Street...
text: Bruce reaches for a pen, begins jotting down the address.
speaker_heading: COMPUTERIZED VOICE
dialog: So come on down, or we'll just keep
dialog: beepin' ya.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: An old building on the outskirts of town. A faded sign
text: painted on the wall reads, OMNI PRESENTS.
text: Bruce's demolished car enters frame. He studies the area and
text: building suspiciously.
text: Bruce cautiously moves towards the structure and then, STEPS
text: IN A PUDDLE. He SINKS UP TO HIS KNEE.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Perfect.
text: He gets out, shakes off his sopping leg, and heads inside.
scene_heading: INT. OMNI PRESENTS - DAY
text: Bruce enters and checks the BUILDING DIRECTORY. It reads:
scene_heading: OMNI PRESENTS UNLTD.
dialog: Pers onnel Rm. 7
dialog: Ac coun ting Rm. 7
dialog: Security Rm . 7
dialog: Creativ e Rm. 7
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: You're looking for room 7.
text: Bruce turns to see a JANITOR mopping the floor. He looks at
text: Bruce's wet leg, offers the mop.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: Want me to even those up for you?
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (feigns a smile)
dialog: How would I get to room 7?
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: That'd be on the seventh floor.
text: Stairs are right over there.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What about the elevator?
text: He points to an elevator bank a couple of steps away.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: Out of order.
text: Bruce heads for the stairs.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: You mind giving me a hand with this
dialog: floor?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What? Yeah, I mind.
text: He continues on.
speaker_heading: SEVENTH FLOOR
text: The stairwell door opens up to a LARGE ROOM with a SINGLE
text: DESK at the end of an otherwise empty space.
text: Bruce hears someone tinkering atop a tall ladder extending
text: into a hole in the ceiling.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Excuse me. Hello. I'm, ah,
dialog: looking for whoever runs this
dialog: joint...
speaker_heading: MAN (O.S.)
dialog: Be right with y.a, just fixin' a
dialog: light. Tell me if it's working?
text: CLICK and an INSANELY BRIGHT WHITE LIGHT ILLUMINATES, shining
dialog: down blinding Bruce.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Yep, seems to be.
dialog: (wiping his eyes)
dialog: Kinda bright, though.
dialog: 35.
text: An electrician, silhouetted in the bright light, descends the
dialog: ladder.
speaker_heading: MAN (O.S.)
dialog: Yeah, it is for most people. They
dialog: spend their lives in the dark...
text: As he talks he steps down next to Bruce and we see that it is
speaker_heading: the SAME JANITOR.
speaker_heading: JANITOR (CONT'D)
dialog: . . . thinkin' they can hide from me.
text: The two stand, angelically illuminated. Bruce tries to put
dialog: everything together.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oh, the elevator's broken, huh?
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: Yeah, but I'll get around to it.
text: The Janitor CLAPS HIS HANDS TWICE and the light goes off.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You installed a clapper?
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: Nope. Catchy jingle, though.
dialog: (sings)
scene_heading: CLAP ON. CLAP OFF. CLAP ON, CLAP
scene_heading: OFF. THE CLAPPER.
dialog: (claps twice)
dialog: You can't get it out of your head.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I gotta go.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: Okay, but the boss'11 be right out.
text: The Janitor unzips his uniform, revealing a very nice suit.
text: He extends his hand to Bruce.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: You must be Bruce. I've been
dialog: expecting you.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oh, this is hilarious. So you're
dialog: the boss and the electrician and
dialog: the janitor.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: Nothin' wrong with rollin' up your
dialog: sleeves, son. People underestimate
dialog: the benefits of good 'ol manual
dialog: labor. There's freedom in it.
dialog: Happiest people in the world stink
text: like hell at the end of the day.
text: He strolls down the room, takes a seat behind the big desk.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: Your father knew that. He was a
dialog: damn good welder.
text: Bruce approaches the desk.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: How do you know my father? And how
dialog: did you get my pager number?
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: Oh, I know a lot about you Bruce.
dialog: Pretty much everything there is to
dialog: know. Everything you've ever said,
dialog: done or thought about doin', is
dialog: right there in that file cabinet.
text: He points out a single drawer file cabinet.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Wow, a whole drawer. Just for me?
dialog: Mind if I take a look?
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: It's your life.
text: Bruce pulls the drawer and it FLIES OPEN, DRAGGING HIM THE
scene_heading: FULL LENGTH OF THE ROOM --
text: The Janitor casually pulls a file.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: Now this last entry was a little
dialog: disturbing.
text: He thumps the file cabinet with his fist and the drawer
text: dramatically sucks closed, DRAGGING BRUCE BACK. The Janitor
text: reads from the file.
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: (reads, scanning)
dialog: Thanks for everything, Lord.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: JANITOR (cont'd)
dialog: I am so honored that my horrible
dialog: demise is a part of your loving and
dialog: mysterious plan.. The gloves are
dialog: off, pal.. Smite me oh mighty
dialog: smiter.
dialog: (aside)
dialog: I'm not much for blaspheming but
dialog: that one made me laugh. Oh, and
dialog: let's not forget "What kind of a
dialog: God would let this happen? I mean,
dialog: have you seen then news lately?"
text: Bruce stands, dazed. 
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: JANITOR
dialog: I'm the creator of the heavens and
dialog: the earth. I'm the alpha &amp; omega.
dialog: The first and the last.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Sorry, it's not ringing a bell.
speaker_heading: JANITOR/GOD
dialog: I'm God, Bruce.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oh, you're God. Well that explains
dialog: everything1 That's how you know
dialog: everything about me. That's how
dialog: you got up to the seventh floor so
dialog: quickly.
dialog: (placating)
dialog: Well, it's really nice to meet you.
dialog: Thanks for the Grand Canyon and,
dialog: ah, good luck with the apocalypse.
text: Bruce turns to leave, BUT FINDS HIMSELF WALKING RIGHT TOWARD
text: GOD AND HIS DESK. He tries again, and again.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Okay, I don't know how you're doing
dialog: that, but I really gotta go. This
text: place is obviously rigged in some
dialog: way. We're on some freaky hidden
dialog: camera show.
dialog: (playing to the "cameras")
dialog: ...for which I will not sign a
dialog: release, by the way! But you know
dialog: what, I'd be a little more
dialog: impressed if you didn't use the
text: cheesy file cabinet illusion.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (cont'd)
text: Everyone with a brain in their head
dialog: would know that the drawer is being
dialog:  fed through the wall from behind--
text: Bruce pulls the file cabinet from the wall, sees it has a
dialog: normal back.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Okay. That's good. That's a good
dialog: one.
text: Bruce quickly puts his hands behind his back.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Okay, God. How many fingers am I
dialog: holding out?
text: Bruce extends three fingers.
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: Three.
text: He quickly pulls one finger in.
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: Two.
text: Bruce begins switching fingers rapidly. God doesn't miss a
dialog: beat.
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: Four. Nine. Six. Eight. One...
text: One final attempt, Bruce holds seven fingers.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Okay, how about now.
text: He quickly pulls in two fingers.
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: Seven.
speaker_heading: .BRUCE
speaker_heading: AH HAl
text: Bruce proudly presents his single hand of five extended
text: fingers to God, then immediately notices he has SEVEN FINGERS
text: ON HIS ONE HAND.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
speaker_heading: AAAHHHl
dialog: 39,
text: He shakes his fingers wildly and the two extra fingers
text: disappear. God approaches Bruce.
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: You've been doing a lot of
dialog: complaining about me, Bruce. And
dialog: quite frankly, I'm tired of it...
text: Bruce backs away from God.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You stay away from me! I don't
dialog: know what your doing. But whatever
dialog: you're doing is probably
dialog: actionable!
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: Well, that's not very neighborly.
dialog: I brought you here to offer you a
dialog: job.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Job? Wh at job?
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: My job. You think you can do it
dialog: better, so here's your chance.
dialog: When you leave this building you
dialog: will be endowed with all my powers.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Sure, whatever you say, Pal.
text: He turns to go but GOD STANDS BEFORE HIM in the Janitor
text: uniform, holding the mop.
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: All the power of God.
text: Bruce glances back at the empty desk, turns back again and
text: God the Janitor has also vanished. A beat, then Bruce
text: sprints out of the room.
scene_heading: EXT. OMNI PRESENTS - DAY
text: Bruce barrels out of the building --
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Okay, that did not happen.
text: He races to his car stepping in the SAME PUDDLE, but this
text: time his foot doesn't sink, he WALKS RIGHT ACROSS IT. He
dialog: paus es f or a bea t --
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: No.
text: He races on.
scene_heading: INT. BRUCE'S CAR
text: Bruce jumps in, turns the key, the car turns over but doesn't
dialog: start.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I'm having a breakdown. That's
dialog: what it is. Just a normal,
dialog: everyday psychotic episode, brought
dialog: on by tumor or brain lesion...
text: We hear the car wind down to nothing. Bruce releases the key
text: pounds the steering wheel in frustration.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (to the car)
dialog: Come on, startI
text: The car INSTANTLY starts.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (denial)
dialog: Well, that was lucky.
text: Bruce backs up, peels out.
text: MUSIC UP: "HE'S GOT THE WHOLE WORLD IN HIS HANDS"
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS
text: Bruce drives, whistling the tune, catches himself,
text: immediately stops whistling.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Okay, just relax here. I did not
dialog: meet God and I do not have his
dialog: powers.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: If that was God, then I'm Mario
dialog: Andretti.
text: Instantly, Bruce's car PEELS OUT, races through traffic,
text: dodging and passing cars right and left.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
speaker_heading: AAAHHHHHHHH!J!
dialog: 41.
text: Suddenly there is a GUY IN A RED PIT CREW SUIT standing
text: before Bruce waving a red flag. Bruce swerves to avoid the
text: man and SCREECHES into a pit stop. Several other red-suited
text: Italian men engulf the car. Bruce watches in amazement as the
text: professional racing team jacks up his car, slaps on HUGE MAG
text: TIRES, gases him up, etc. PAUL NEWMAN leans into the
text: driver's window.
speaker_heading: PAUL NEWMAN
dialog: Hey Mario, did you get that box of
dialog: dressing I sent you?
text: Bruce responds against his will IN PERFECT ITALIAN --
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (in perfect Italian)
dialog: Si, dovete venire sopra per il
dialog: pranzo un certo tempo.
dialog: (SUBTITLES: Yes, you must
dialog: come over for dinner some
dialog: time.)
text: Bruce reacts shocked. The crew backs off and urges him on in
dialog: Italian.
speaker_heading: PIT CREW
dialog: Vete l Ve tel
text: Bruce's car peels out on it's own, he struggles to control
text: the wheel, finally pulling over to a curb. His car door
text: won't open so he has to crawl out of the driver's window.
text: He rushes onto the sidewalk, backing away from his normal
text: looking Tauras. Not knowing what to do, he slips into a
dialog: diner.
scene_heading: INT. DINER - DAY
text: Bruce quickly walks to a back corner booth. The only other
text: patron is an OLD MAN seated at the counter.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: It isn't real, it isn't real, it
dialog: isn't real...
text: An older. Sally Kirkland-type WAITRESS, order pad in hand,
text: stands listening to Bruce with a raised eyebrow.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oh hi, ah, coffee please.
text: The waitress pours him a cup.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: We've got a special on soup today.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: No, that's okay.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: It's tomato.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Alright, okay.
text: She heads off. Bruce sits thinking. Could it be real?
text: He looks at the SUGAR down at the end of the table, holds out
text: his hand and the SUGAR SLIDES ACROSS THE TABLE RIGHT INTO HIS
text: HAND. The CREAMER slides into his other hand.
text: Bruce is half scared, half thrilled. He pours some cream and
text: sugar into his cup, looks around the table.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Excuse me I need a spoooo...
text: Bruce chokes up a spoon into his hands, wipes it off with his
dialog: napkin.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: That's alright, I found one.
text: The Old Man eyes Bruce suspiciously, gets up and moves
text: further down the counter.
text: The Waitress sets down the soup, heads off, then turns back.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: I lie to my sister.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: (becoming emotional)
dialog: And I'm sleeping with my best
dialog: friend's husband. I know he's just
dialog: using me but.. I'm just so tired of
dialog: being alone. I don't know why I'm
dialog: telling you all this. Just seems
dialog: like you'd understand.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Okay.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: (sets the check down)
dialog: Take care of that whenever you're
dialog: ready.
text: Bruce looks at the soup. His look grows intense. He slowly
text: raises his hands over the soup bowl....
scene_heading: MUSIC UP: THE TEN COMMANDMENTS THEME
text: The front door blows open, as A WIND SWIRLS through the diner
text: and with all the flourish of Moses at the Red Sea, BRUCE
text: PARTS HIS RED SOUP.
text: A little cockroach scurries across the table, climbs up the
text: edge of the bowl and walks through to the other side.
speaker_heading: GOD (O.S.)
dialog: Havin' fun?
text: Bruce is startled and the soup splashes back to normal
text: collapsing on the cockroach. He looks up at God standing
text: beside the booth. Bruce is now awestruck.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You- He- Thy...
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: Let's take a walk.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE ERIE - DAY
text: God leans down, lets the little soup covered cockroach go.
text: God and Bruce then walk along the lake shore.
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: (re: the cockroach)
dialog: Most people want to kill these
dialog: guys. I'm quite fond of em'. Very
dialog: streamlined design. Like little
dialog: armored tanks. Y'know, they can
dialog: hold their breath for forty minutes
dialog: and their cells divide only once
dialog: per molting cycle creating a
dialog: cytoskeleton with cell adhesion
dialog: that...
dialog: (catching himself)
dialog: Oh, this is a bit over your head,
dialog: isn't it?
text: Off Bruce's look.
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: Okay, let me explain the rules.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Rules ?
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: Yeah, you left in such a rush I
dialog: didn't get a chance to explain.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Well the two extra fingers freaked
dialog: me out a little bit.
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: I figured that would get your
dialog: attention.. I did the same thing to
dialog: Ghandi, he couldn't eat for three
dialog: weeks. Now, here's the deal. You
dialog: have all my power. Use it any way
dialog: you choose. There are only two
dialog: rules. You can't tell anyone
dialog: you're God. Believe me you don't
dialog: want that kind of attention. And
dialog: you can't mess with free will.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Uh huh. Can I-ask why?
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Yes you can. That's the beauty it.
text: Suddenly a LARGE SAILBOAT SAIL PASSES RIGHT BY THEM. Bruce
text: looks to the sail, oddly, then...
text: WIDE ANGLE - REVEAL God and Bruce are now walking ON THE LAKE
text: about 100 feet from the shore. They watch the sailboat pass.
text: Bruce is awestruck.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: This is amazing.
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: Oh, speaking of amazing...
text: God dips his hand in the Lake and pulls out THE PRAYER BEADS.
text: He pockets them as he talks.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: Since you're finished with these, I
dialog: think I'll hang to 'em. Might come
dialog: in handy someday.
scene_heading: WIDE MASTER - BUFFALO CITY-SCAPE
text: God and Bruce are tiny figures on the river, as God begins to
dialog: walk away.
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: I'll be seein' ya.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: I'm taking a vacation.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: God can't take a vacation. Can he?
dialog: Can you?
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: Ever hear of the Dark Ages?
dialog: Besides, I'm covered. You can fix
dialog: everything in five minutes if you
dialog: want to, right?
speaker_heading: ON BRUCE
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: ...Right.
text: Left alone, Bruce begins to carefully tip toe back to shore,
text: progresses to a full sprint.
scene_heading: INT. GROCERY STORE - DAY
text: Grace and Debbie stand at the check-out stand. Grace flips
text: through a celeb magazine, as Debbie places the last few items
text: from the cart to the conveyor belt.
text: In the background, throughout, Debbie's daughter, Zoe is
text: grabbing random items off the shelves and placing them on the
dialog: belt.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (re: magazine)
dialog: Gosh, this girl is so talented and
dialog: all they ever talk about is her
dialog: hair.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Yeah, she should marry somebody
dialog: famous, take the focus off.
text: Grace checks her cell phone screen.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: We would have heard it ring.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I know. It's just that he usually
dialog: calls during the day.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: He just needs to blow off some
dialog: steam, he'll be fine.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I hope so. I've never seen him *
dialog: that mad. An d I lashed back-- *
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Wow, you lashed? You never lash.
dialog: I'm impressed.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I feel bad for him. He's wanted
dialog: anchor for so long.
text: Zoe begins pulling groups of items onto the belt.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Well, I've been praying to win the
dialog: lottery for fifteen years, but it's
dialog: not going to happen. You know,
dialog: it's not all about money.
text: The CLERK finishes ringing the last item.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: That'll be four hundred and twenty-
dialog: seven, eighty.-
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: What?!
text: Debbie looks in a bag, pulls out a handful of various counter
text: items. Zoe giggles and proudly holds up one of the hundred
dialog: or so Tic-Tac mint containers.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Zoe.
dialog: (to Clerk)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE (cont'd)
dialog: Hang on, I might need you to un-
dialog: check a few things.
text: The people in line hem and haw, exasperated.
speaker_heading: GUY IN LINE
dialog: Come on, lady.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (snaps)
dialog: Hey, everybody back-off i
text: Zoe laughs, enjoying the commotion.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Listen, I better get back. I want
dialog: to be there for him.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: You're a saint, Grace.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What can I say, I love him. And if
dialog: I know Bruce, he's out there
text: wandering around with the weight of
text: the world on his shoulders.
speaker_heading: CUT T0:
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS - DUSK
text: Bruce struts down the street the embodiment of confidence.
text: He turns shooting a finger at a fire hydrant, it BLASTS
text: WATER. KIDS run off their front steps, start playing.
text: A PRETTY GIRL IN A DRESS, comes' walking toward him. As she
text: passes he BLOWS A LITTLE AIR OUT OF THE CORNER OF HIS MOUTH
text: and turns to watch her SKIRT FLY UP.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: And he saw that it was good.
text: He spots a mannequin in a store window display, wearing a
text: cool, casu al outfit. He closes his eyes. When he opens
text: them, HE'S WEARING THE COOL NEW OUTFIT and the mannequin is
text: dressed in his clothes. He checks his reflection. . . better.
text: Bruce rounds the corner, sees the SAME GANG that beat him up,
text: hanging out in the alley.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: B-e-a-utifull
dialog: 48.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY
text: Bruce approaches the gang.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Hey guys, remember me?
text: The gang members turn to Bruce.
speaker_heading: HOOD #1
dialog: Oh look, it's the hero.
speaker_heading: HOOD #2
dialog: Hungry for another can of whoop-
dialog: ass?
speaker_heading: HOOD #3
dialog: Your stereo sounds great in my car,
dialog: man.
text: He and a couple other gang members laugh and high-five.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Look, I don't want to fight you
dialog: guys. So as soon as you apologize,
dialog: I'll be on my way.
text: A beat, then the Hoods BURST OUT LAUGHING. A few circle
text: behind, surrounding Bruce.
speaker_heading: HOOD #1
dialog: Oh, yeah. I'll apologize... The
dialog: day a monkey climbs out of my butt.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What a coincidence. That's today.
text: The Hood gets a PAINED LOOK, starts gyrating around, then a
text: MONKEY comes climbing out the back of his baggy pants.
text: The Big Guy looks at Hood #1.
speaker_heading: BIG GUY
dialog: Did that come out of your butt,
dialog: man?
text: Hood #1 faints from shock.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Now I'm going to have to teach the
dialog: rest of you guys a lesson.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: HOOD #2
dialog: Yeah, you and whose army?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Just me... and me...
text: ANOTHER BRUCE steps out from behind a stack of crates.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: And me, and me, and me, me, me, me,
dialog: me and me and me.
text: As Bruce talks, DUPLICATE BRUCE'S begin popping out from
text: various spots, a doorway, hanging down from a fire escape, a
text: dumpster pops open, six Bruce's jump out.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
scene_heading: PILE ON THE RABBIT1
scene_heading: T HE B RUGES CONV ERGE ON TH E GA NG --
text: Hood #2 is instantly tackled by THREE BRUGES --
text: ONE BRUCE kneels down behind a hood, ANOTHER BRUCE pushes him
text: down over his back. The two Bruce's high-five --
text: A Hood climbs a fire escape. ONE BRUCE gives a hand up to
text: ANOTHER BRUCE, who takes pursuit. ANOTHER BRUCE leans out of
text: a window SMASHES a potted plant over his head --
scene_heading: ON THE MONKEY - SCREECHING, ENJOYING THE EXCITEMENT
text: Our Bruce stands in the middle of the action, happily
text: watching the mayhem.
speaker_heading: HOOD #2
dialog: Let's get out of here, manl
text: Hood #2 takes off running, the gang members follow.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Okay guys, Kum Ba Yal
text: The Bruce's jog over, leaping and diving into Bruce's body.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I'll take it from here.
text: Bruce takes a deep breath, OPENS HIS MOUTH WIDE, RELEASING A
speaker_heading: SWARM OF LOCUSTS --
dialog: 50.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - CONTINUOUS
text: The gang streams out of the alley screaming, COVERED IN
speaker_heading: LOCUSTS.
text: Bruce exits the alley, the monkey at his side. He looks down
dialog: to the monkey.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Back home for you, little one.
text: The monkey takes off back into the alley, as we see HOOD #1
text: stumbling to his feet.
speaker_heading: HOOD #1
speaker_heading: NoI NOOOOO1
text: He takes off running, the monkey in hot pursuit.
speaker_heading: ON BRUCE
text: He belches and one last locust flies out. He reacts to the
text: unpleasant aftertaste and walks off.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON - BRUCE
text: We widen to an UP ANGLE of him standing on the top of
text: Buffalo's tallest SKYSCRAPER. Clouds swirl behind him. He
text: looks out over the vast city lights, opens his arms and
text: proclaims to the world.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I AM THE LORD THY BRUCE ALMIGHTY.
scene_heading: MY WILL BE DONE I
text: Bruce poses in dramatic god-like form, lightning crashes
text: behind him. He is an awesome god.
scene_heading: INT. BRUCE AND GRACE'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Grace sits on the floor next to the coffee table with a box
text: of photos working on the album. She takes a sip of wine,
text: sets down the glass. Sam walks over and laps up the wine.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (to Sam)
dialog: Well, at least I have someone to
dialog: drink with.
text: Grace hears Bruce coming up the stairs, singing.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What if God was one of us. . .
dialog: Just a slob like one of us...
text: Just a stranger on a bus...
dialog: Trying to make his way. . .
text: Grace reacts a bit surprised by Bruce's happy tone, she gets
text: up, opens the door and there stands BRUCE, beaming smile,
text: holding a very unique BOUQUET OF FLOWERS.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (finishing song)
dialog: ...home.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (re: the flowers)
dialog: Oh, my God.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You can call me Bruce.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Where have you been? You're
dialog: so...happy.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Who wouldn't be on a night like
dialog: this?
dialog: (holding out the flowers)
dialog: For you.
text: Grace takes the flowers, gives Bruce a kiss, still sizing up
dialog: his mood.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: These are amazing. What are they?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: It's a totally new breed. A cross
dialog: pollination between tulips and
dialog: Daisies. I call them Todayzees.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Todayzees? Okay...
text: Grace goes to put them in water.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Bruce, is there something you're
dialog: not telling me?
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Nothing of this world. Why?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What do you mean, why? Last night
dialog: you weren't exactly happy with
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Last night, I was only human.
text: Bruce backs out of the kitchen seductively.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Bruce breezes through, casually instructs the stereo as he
dialog: passes.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: CD 4, Track 7.
text: The Stereo illuminates and Barry White music plays.
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY - CONTINUOUS
text: Bruce opens the doors, steps onto the balcony. He surveys
text: the cloudy sky, reaches up with his hand and ERASES THE
text: CLOUDS, LIKE ON A CHALKBOARD.
text: Still not completely satisfied he reaches up toward the moon
text: and makes a LASSOING MOTION, THEN BEGINS TO PULL.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: OUTER SPACE - BEHIND THE MOON
text: Earth far off in the distance - And with a THUNDEROUS RUMBLE
text: the MOON starts MOVING CLOSER TO EARTH.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Bruce adds a finishing touch by adding several stars with
text: points of his finger.
text: Grace joins Bruce on the balcony and is taken aback by the
text: perfectly orchestrated sky.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Wow, it really cleared up. I've
dialog: never seen the moon that big.
text: Bruce puts his arms around Grace from behind.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: We shouldn't waste it.
text: Bruce starts kissing her neck. Grace turns, .they kiss and a
text: METEOR SHOWER lights the sky behind them. The kiss ends.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Bedroom.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Five minutes.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Grace grabs a neglige from the drawer, heads into the
text: bathroom. Bruce enters, adjusts the ambience of the room,
text: BLOWS THE LIGHTS OUT with a quick puff of air, LIGHTS CANDLES
text: with a gesture. His clothes magically fall away.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Grace slips her neglige on, begins brushing her hair.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I'11 be out in a minute.
speaker_heading: BRUCE (O.S.) *
dialog: Don't rush yourself. Sometimes *
dialog: anticipation can heighten the *
dialog: pleasure. *
text: Grace SHUDDERS a bit at the word "pleasure", quickly finishes *
text: brushing, picks up her lipstick. *
speaker_heading: BRUCE (O.S.) *
dialog: It's a funny thing about, pleasure. *
text: GRACE'S KNEES BUCKLE, causing the lipstick to smear across *
text: her face. She sits down on the toilet seat to get a hold of *
dialog: herself. *
speaker_heading: BRUCE (O.S.) *
dialog: It can be extremely pleasurable. *
text: Grace has a very POWERFUL ORGASM and slides off the toilet *
text: out of frame to the ground. *
speaker_heading: GRACE *
dialog: (out of control) *
dialog: Oh, oh. Oh my... *
speaker_heading: CUT TO: *
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
text: Standing at the door with both arms extended toward the
text: bathroom like an WARLOCK CASTING A SPELL. Suddenly the light
text: hits him from the open bathroom door and he quickly strikes a
dialog: casual pose.
text: Grace stands in the open doorway, panting like an animal.
text: She dives on Bruce, attacking him.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - MORNING
scene_heading: ON TV - THE MORNING NEWS
speaker_heading: MORNING REPORTER
dialog: In international news, Japanese
dialog: relief workers are staging a
dialog: desperate effort to rescue hundreds
dialog: of people stranded by a freak tidal
dialog: wave that hit Kitamoto City...
text: We see remote footage of Japanese families being airlifted
dialog: from root tops.
speaker_heading: MORNING REPORTER
dialog: Scientists say the tsunami may have
dialog: been caused by what they're
dialog: describing as "unusual lunar
dialog: activity." More on this, as it
dialog: develops. . .
text: Grace half watches the newscast as she finishes breakfast.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Bruce lies blissfully asleep. Big smile, life is good.
text: Then, we hear WHISPERING - Like distant voices MURMURING all
text: at once. Bruce wakes with a start. He looks around puzzled,
text: sticks his finger in his ear checking his hearing as the
text: voices fade away.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - SAM
text: Circling, getting ready to go on the carpet. Bruce casually
dialog: warns.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Sam. Uh uh uh.
dialog: 55.
text: Sam looks at Bruce for a beat, then walks into bathroom,
text: raises the toilet seat with his nos e, and STANDS UP ON HIS
scene_heading: TWO HIND LEGS, HOLDING HIS SNAUSAGE WITH HIS FRONT PAWS (NO,
text: WE DON'T SEE IT) AND STARTS TO GO. He looks proudly back at
dialog: Bruce.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Good boy.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: Grace places breakfast on the table. Bruce comes out, fully
text: dressed with a spring in his step.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (gushy-lovey, sing songy)
dialog: Good morning. Cooked you grilled
dialog: cheese.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oo, my favey.
text: Bruce sits, Grace sets down his plate, leans close.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Last night was just...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Heavenly?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Mmm hmm.
text: Bruce enjoys his grilled cheese.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: It's funny, but when I woke up this
dialog: morning, It felt like my boobs were
dialog: bigger.
text: Bruce looks away, guilty, trying to be nonchalant.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (holding them up)
dialog: Do they look bigger to you?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Huh? Ah, no, they, ah, look the
dialog: same to me.
dialog: 56.
text: They aren't. They are clearly bigger. She holds them.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: They're definitely bigger. They
dialog: feel huge to me.
text: Bruce throws up his hands.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You got me. Probably just a
dialog: hormonal thing.
dialog: (takes a quick final bite)
dialog: Well, enjoy your breakfast, I've
dialog: gotta run.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Where are you going?
text: He stops, turns. A new confident Bruce.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: To get my job back.
speaker_heading: MUSIC UP:
scene_heading: EXT. BRUCE'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Bruce heads for his severely beat-up junker car whistling
dialog: "What if God were One of Us."
scene_heading: INT. BRUCE'S CAR
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON - BRUCE
text: He gets in, fastens his seat belt, as two teenagers cruise by
text: on skateboards, stop outside Bruce's window.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: (sincerely impressed)
dialog: Wow, nice car man.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Well, it gets me from A to B.
speaker_heading: MASTER - STREET
text: Reveal Bruce's car is now a brand new MERCEDES 2003 VISION
text: SLR. He starts and revs THE POWERFUL NEW ENGINE and peels
dialog: out.
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREETS - DAY
text: Bruce turns the corner into bumper to bumper traffic. No
text: problem, the traffic magically opens up for him, cars
text: instantly swerving right and left clearing a path for Bruce.
text: He waves as he passes.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: And the last shall be first.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE TRAINING CENTER - DAY
text: A POLICE DOG, HANK, performs some standard TAKE DOWNS by
text: "attacking" a "criminal" (trainer) on the run. PHIL, a
text: reporter from a rival station is wrapping up his story.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I certainly wouldn't want to be a
text: fugitive on the run with Hank,
text: Buffalo's number one police dog, on
dialog: the job. This is Phil Sidleman
dialog: reporting from The Police Canine
dialog: Training center.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And cut it. Let's go, guys.
text: The crew start to wrap up.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - BRUCE
text: Watching the action from the side, holding his own home video
text: camera. Phil spots him.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Hey, channel seven, right? You're
dialog: the guy that went crazy.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Yeah, I had a bad day. But things
dialog: are lookin' up.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: What are you doin' here?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Just lookin' for a story.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (waving the video tape)
dialog: Well, this pond's fished out.
dialog: Pretty standard stuff anyway.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I don't know. My instinct tells me
dialog: there's something more.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: Well, go with that. It's served
dialog: you well in the past, right?
text: Phil and a couple of his crew laugh, as they load the last of
text: their equipment into the van and shut the doors.
speaker_heading: TRAINER (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, Hank found something1
text: Phil turns back, Bruce and he exchange a glance.
text: Hank is DIGGING FURIOUSLY, making a BIG HOLE. The Policeman
text: jogs over, joins the trainer. They watch as TWO DRESS SHOES
text: ARE UNCOVERE D IN THE DI RT. Hank BARKS.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: We got a bodyI
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: (to his crew)
dialog: Shit. Get the camera, now!
scene_heading: EXTREME CLOSE ON - THE VAN'S DOOR LOCK
text: It LOCKS AUTOMATICALLY. The CAMERAMAN yanks at the door.
speaker_heading: CAMERAMAN
text: It's locked and the keys are
dialog: inside I
text: Bruce casually turns his camera on, gives Phil a "tough
text: break" look, heads for the scene, as Phil and his crew
text: scramble around the van.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: ON A TV 
speaker_heading: DAN RATHER
dialog: The body of Jimmy Hoffa was
text: uncovered in a field today outside
dialog: of a canine training center in
dialog: Buffalo New York. Local Buffalo
dialog: freelance field reporter Bruce
dialog: Nolan was the first on the scene...
dialog: 59.
text: We cut to the pre-taped story. Bruce stands with Hank and
text: his trainer before camera, the body being exhumed from the
text: ground behind him.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
text: Since the disapearence of Teamster
dialog: president Jimmy Hoffa in the
dialog: nineteen sixties, his whereabouts
dialog: have remained one of this country's
dialog: great unsolved mysteries. That is
dialog: until just moments ago, when during
dialog: a routine training session, a
dialog: police dog named Hank sniffed his
dialog: way right into the history books.
dialog: As you can see behind us, the body
dialog: is being carefully exhumed and will
dialog: be transported to a hospital
dialog: facility where DNA testing will
dialog: confirm the identity. That, of
dialog: course, only a formality as in a
dialog: bizarre twist, the body was found
dialog: buried with a birth certificate and
dialog: complete set of dental records.
dialog: (rubs Hank's neck)
dialog: Sort of a two-in-one for Hank
text: today, as moments later, he busted
text: a local news camera crew with four
dialog: kilo's of marijuana.
text: We see footage of PHIL AND HIS NEWS CREW, being cuffed on the
text: ground, as large stacks of marijuana plants are being pulled
dialog: from the van.
speaker_heading: PHIL
dialog: I've never seen it before, I swear I
scene_heading: EXT. NEWS STATION - DAY
text: As Bruce pulls up in front of the building the NO PARKING
text: SIGN flies back into the bushes and the RED CURB TRANSFORMS
text: TO GREEN as though being sloppily painted with invisible
dialog: brushes.
text: Bruce exits the car and smooths past the Homeless Sign Guy,
text: who sits in his usual spot. His sign reads:
text: "HEAVEN IS AT HAND. LEGGO YOUR EGGO."
scene_heading: INT. NEWSROOM - DAY
text: Bruce cruises through the office, fielding greetings.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: VARIOUS OFFICE STAFF
dialog: Nice Job, Bruce...Way to go,
dialog: buddy...GO get 'em, Bruce, etc.
text: Susan Ortega smooths up to Bruce.
speaker_heading: SUSAN ORTEGA
dialog: Hi, Bruce.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Oh, Susan.. Hi.
speaker_heading: SUSAN ORTEGA
dialog: Good work, I'm impressed.
text: She give's Bruce a "look" and continues on. Bruce is a bit
text: inflated by the encounter.
text: Bobby the pastry cart guy wheels his cart up along side.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Hey, Br uce . N ice job , m an. Wa sn' t
dialog: the same without you around here,
dialog: pal.
dialog: (leading)
dialog: I hear Jack wants to see you.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: That's the word.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: You're going to need your energy in
dialog: there. Can I interest you in a
dialog: donut?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: No, thank you, I'm not hungry.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Coffee?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Fiber grain bar with bee pollen and
dialog: Spiralina?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I'm really not interested.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Yeah, I don't blame 'ya, they taste
dialog: like grass.
text: Bobby CUTS BRUCE OFF WITH HIS CART. Bruce is forced to stop.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Tell you what? I wasn't going to
dialog: break it open until lunch time, but
dialog: I made a batch of rhubarb that you
dialog: have got to try.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Bobby, I--
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Come on, it's my mother's recipe
dialog: she's practically cripple...
text: Bobby forces a ladle of rhubarb out at Bruce.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: No, I really- no...
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Open up, that's it, here comes the
dialog: news chopper...
dialog: (makes sound of Chopper)
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: No, Bobby.. Bobby N01 I said I
dialog: didn't want anything.
dialog: (turns, heading off)
dialog: Damn you...
text: Bruce continues off, as Bobby stops cold, adopts an odd
text: expression, then his EYES ROLL UP IN THEIR SOCKETS, SPIN ALL
text: THE WAR AROUND, THEN GLOW RED. LITTLE HORN BUMPS PUSH UP
text: FROM HIS SKULL. He turns instantly demonic.
text: An overly PERKY FEMALE OFFICE WORKER approaches Bobby from
dialog: behind.
speaker_heading: FEMALE OFFICE WORKER
dialog: Hi, Bobby. Is there any of that
dialog: split pea soup left?
text: She is instantly hit in the chest with a stream of green
text: vomit. A beat and Bobby offers out a plastic spoon.
scene_heading: INT. JACK'S OFFICE - DAY
speaker_heading: ON JACK
dialog: 6 2.
text: He sees Bruce enter, immediately perks up. *
speaker_heading: JACK *
dialog: (big laugh) *
dialog: The re he i sl Ho ff al H a i W h a t a r e *
dialog: the odds of that? *
speaker_heading: BRUCE *
dialog: (laughing along with him) *
dialog: Ha! What are the odds? *
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Look, I'll be straight. We want
dialog: you back, Bruce. I want to tell
dialog: you, it wasn't my decision to let
dialog: you go. When the big guy gives the
dialog: order, I gotta...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: No harm no foul, Jack. I needed
dialog: some time off to reassess my goals
dialog: and get in touch with my true self.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You did that in a day?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Imagine what I can do with seven.
text: Jack pauses for an awkward beat. His face grows serious.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I haven't been the best father in
dialog: the world.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I cur se a lo t. I c hea t on my
dialog: ta xe s. My w ife u se d t o mak e my
dialog: kids call me, when she was alive...
dialog: (breaking down)
dialog: ...Now, I go to strip clubs, and
dialog: dri nk a ll nig ht. Bu t at le ast
dialog: their open unt il four. W hat are
dialog: you doing tonight?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oh, I'm busy doing...things.
text: Jack recovers, rejuvenated.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Yeah, I gotcha. It feels good to
dialog: get that out. Thank you.
text: Jack gives Bruce a big hug.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Look, it's not in my power to give
dialog: you a nchor, but as far as field
dialog: repor ting goes, if you're looking
dialog: for a bump.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Jack, don't worry about that. Just
dialog: give me a camera and a crew and
dialog: I'll give you the news.
text: Bruce exits. Jack likes the new Bruce.
scene_heading: INT. NEWSROOM
text: Bruce heads out as The Eyewitness News opening plays on
text: several monitors. Susan Ortega opens.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Good evening and welcome to
dialog: Eyewitness News at six. I'm Susan
dialog: Ortega.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: And I'm Evan Baxter. And here's
dialog: what's making news...
dialog: This stops Bruc e. He watc hes Evan on a newsr oom monit or. A
text: devilish smile forms on Bruce's face.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: A potential scandal with the
dialog: Buffalo P.D. surfaced today when...
text: Evan's voice suddenly becomes HIGH PITCHED, like a girls.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (falsetto)
dialog: ...the mayor demanded that the
dialog: Chief of Police issue...
dialog: (clears his throat)
dialog: ...Uh-hum, that the Chief of
dialog: Police...
text: Evan tries to clear his throat again, but his voice remains
text: HIGH PITCHED.
dialog: 64,
speaker_heading: -^ EVAN
dialog: (j  (falsetto)
dialog: 1^ ...the Chief of Police issue a
dialog: response over allegations made
dialog: b. . .
dialog: y
scene_heading: INT. JACK'S OFFICE - SAME TIME
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What the hell is that?
text: Evan is starting to visibly sweat.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (falsetto)
dialog: I'm sorry. There seems to be
dialog: something.
text: Evan shoots Susan a look to cover for him. Susan tries to
text: cover with a joke.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Looks like my new co-anchor may
dialog: need a glass of water.
text: She laughs, Evan laughs in a RIDICULOUS HIGH PITCHED GIRLY
dialog: L AU GH tha t m ak es it ev en w or se . H e s ip s th e w at er a nd hi s
dialog: /" "" N
text: VJ voice returns.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Ah, there we go. Sorry about that.
dialog: The Prime Minister of Sweden
dialog: visited Washington today as my
dialog: little tiny nipples moved to France-
text: Evan stops cold, staring at the teleprompter.
scene_heading: INT. TV STUDIO - CONTINUOUS
text: The Director in the booth reacts.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: What did he just say? Check the
dialog: prompter.
text: The Console Operator checks the text being fed to Evan.
speaker_heading: CONSOLE OPERATOR
dialog: It's fine.
speaker_heading: DIRECTOR
dialog: Well, signal for him to keep going.
dialog: 65.
text: -^ The Stage Manager motions to Evan, he reluctantly continues
dialog: / reading.
scene_heading: INTERCUT TV STUDIO AND NEWSROOM MONITOR
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: The White House reception committee
dialog: greeted the Prime Rib Roast
dialog: Minister and I do the cha cha like
dialog: a sissy girl...
dialog: (urged to keep going, so
dialog: continues slowly)
dialog: I lika do da cha cha...
text: In desperation, Evan shifts from the prompter to the paper
text: script on his desk.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Sorry, we're having a few technical
dialog: difficulties, here...
dialog: (reading) *
dialog: In other n-n-n-n....n-n-n-n... *
text: Evan's NOSE STARTS BLEEDING. A sudden stream out of one *
text: nostril. Susan reacts. So does Jack. Bruce smiles.
text: , Evan sees the blood, tries to stop it but it only streams
text: -/ faster. He keeps talking, but the stream increases. Susan
text: gets up, tries to help.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Somebody get some napkins. Dallas,
dialog: help me.
speaker_heading: DALLAS
dialog: I'm not touching hinu
dialog: (realizing he's on camera)
dialog: I mean, I'm not really qualified.
text: Evan's hair IGNITES.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: His hair's on fire!
text: Dallas runs off.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (casual to an amazed news
dialog: staffer)
dialog: You know, he does have a certain
dialog: pizazz about him.
dialog: 66.
text: Susan reaches for a water pitcher, as a crew man steps in and
text: BLASTS Evan's head with a fire extinguisher. Evan is in
text: shock, his face now white.
text: The screen cuts to a "PLEASE STAND-BY" title card, then cuts
dialog: to an episode of "Dragnet."
dialog: ON BRUCE - It's fun to be God.
speaker_heading: MUSIC UP/MONTAGE UP
scene_heading: EXT. FAIR GROUNDS - DAY
text: Bruce is bored off his ass, interviewing some BLUE HAIRED OLD
text: LADIES at the Mark Twain chili cook off.
speaker_heading: BLUE HAIRED LADY
dialog: (talks so slow you want to
dialog: kill yourself)
dialog: My secret is I let the jalapeno's
text: marinade in a spicy sauce for over
dialog: 24 hours before I--
text: We see Bruce's pained face, realizing what horrible news this
text: is, when he gets an idea and SCHWWWWWAAAAAAM!11 AN ASTEROID
text: CRASHES to earth behind them.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Hold that thought, Hazel!
text: (Bruce walks back toward
dialog: the explosion)
dialog: It seems some type of meteor or
dialog: asteroid has, by chance, hit the
text: earth right behind the Mark Twain
dialog: Chili Cook Off. . .
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - DAY
text: Bruce is free-falling in full sky diving uniform.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: . . . So remember, it's sky diving
dialog: season at Old Pete's airfield.
dialog: (grabs the ripcord)
dialog: This is Bruce Nolan..
dialog: (gives it a tug, doesn't
dialog: budge)
dialog: My rip cord appears to be a bit
dialog: stuck.
text: Bruce yanks again harder, nothing, then again and the cord
text: rips free from the suit.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: This is a very unfortunate turn of
dialog: events. I'm heading toward the
dialog: earth at a very precarious speed...
text: The cameraman pops his shoot and we see Bruce continue to
text: stream toward the ground below. He falls into a wooded area.
text: A CAMERA ON THE GROUND picks up the coverage, runs through
text: the brush with other BYSTANDERS to find Bruce laying on top
text: of a BIG, HAIRY CREATURE.
speaker_heading: BYSTANDERS (O.S.)
dialog: He's okay...What's that?...It's
dialog: Bigfoot!...Bigfoot broke his
dialog: fall!. . .
text: Bruce stands groggy, points to a dazed Bigfoot.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Ah ha! You are real!
scene_heading: INT. BRUCE AND GRACE'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Bruce sits watching a hockey game on TV. He follows the puck
text: intently with his eyes, as though controlling it's path.
dialog: GOAL, SABERS! THE CROWD ROARS!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: G O AL , S A BE R S! TH E C R OW D R OA R S!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Grace sits aside him, working on the photo album.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Do you believe how they're playing?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Oh, honey, would you hand me the
dialog: scissors?
text: Bruce diverts his attention, when the Sabers screw up and the
text: crowd GROANS. Bruce immediately turns, looks intently at the
dialog: puck and GOAL, SABERS! THE CROWD ROARS!
scene_heading: INT. BRUCE AND GRACE'S APARTMENT - BEDROOM - MORNING
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON - BRA CLASP
text: Grace's BOOBS ARE EVEN BIGGER. Bruce is trying to help her
text: fasten her bra, but it's a good three inches from touching.
dialog: Bruce shrugs "got me."
dialog: 68.
scene_heading: EXT. BUFFALO ZOO - DAY
text: Bruce is doing a report just outside the Pandas' enclosure.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: In the past, zoo officials have
dialog: been unable to get these Panda's to
dialog: mate, but that doesn't seem to be a
dialog: problem today.
text: REVEAL A MALE PANDA wholeheartedly humping another PANDA.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: And the mood seems to be catching
dialog: o. . .
dialog: n
text: WIDE SHOT of the enclosure - PANDA'S are coupled off and
text: humping everywhere. Mothers are frantically covering
text: children's eyes, ushering them away from the exhibit.
text: QUICK CUTS OF DIFFERENT NEWSCASTERS ON TV
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER
dialog: His stories are all over town...
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER #2
dialog: ...from unearthing Jimmy Hoffa...
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER #3
dialog: ...to an asteroid crashing to
text: earth. Bruce Nolan is rapidly
dialog: becoming known as. . .
scene_heading: EXT. BUFFALO - DAY
text: A BILLBOARD being put up with a big smiling Bruce with arms
text: extended. It reads: "Mr. Exclusive".
scene_heading: INT. HOCKEY ARENA - NIGHT *
text: A close up of Bruce on the Jumbotron. *
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER *
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen, please *
dialog: welcome Mr. Exlusive, Bu ffal o's *
dialog: own, Bruce Nolan. *
text: Bruce starts SINGING THE MOST AMAZING GOSPEL SINGER/JAZZ *
text: VERSION OF THE NATIONAL ANTHEM ANYONE HAS EVER HEARD. *
speaker_heading: BRUCE *
dialog: Oh, say can you *
dialog: seeeEEEEeeeeeEEEEeeeee... *
dialog: 69.
scene_heading: ON GRACE - IN THE STANDS . *
text: Debbie turns to her, she shrugs. *
speaker_heading: GRACE *
dialog: I didn't even know he could sing. *
scene_heading: INT. BRUCE AND GRACE'S APARTMENT - BATHROOM - DAY
text: Grace opens the bathroom door, revealing SAM, SITTING ON THE
text: TOILET SEAT WITH A NEWSPAPER UNDER HIS FRONT PAWS. Sam BARKS
text: and Grace quickly closes the door.
scene_heading: INT. HOCKEY ARENA - NIGHT *
text: Bruce sings, still on the same word. *
speaker_heading: BRUCE *
text: ...eeeEEEEeeeeeEEEEEEEEEEeeeee. . . *
scene_heading: INT. BRUCE AND GRACE'S APARTMENT - BATHROOM - DAY
text: Bruce finishes running a bath, gets into the tub but SLIPS as
text: is UNABLE TO SINK and ends up sliding around ON THE WATER
text: like on a sheet of glass. He tries to break through, can't.
text: Then, he concentrates and finally LOWERS INTO THE WATER.
scene_heading: INT. HOCKEY ARENA - NIGHT *
text: Bruce dramatically finishes the national anthem. *
speaker_heading: BRUCE *
dialog: ...of the *
dialog: BraaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAVE i . *
text: He hits an impossibly high note and the rink glass SHATTERS I *
text: Bruce is projected on the ARENA JUMBOTRON. He shoots his *
text: arms up, the crowd goes nuts! "Mr. Exclusive" flashes on the *
dialog: screen. *
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: A Mob of photographers flash photos like crazy, as Bruce
text: stands casually with his arm around BIGFOOT.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: ...and that's the way the cookie
text: crumbles.
scene_heading: EXT. FAIRGROUNDS - DAY
text: Bruce surrounded by Hazel and other chili cook off
text: contestants shouts up from the bottom of the crater hole:
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: BRUCE &amp; CHILI CONTESTANTS
dialog: (in unison)
dialog: And that's the way the cookie
dialog: crumbles!
scene_heading: INT. HOCKEY ARENA - DAY *
text: The words FLASH on the jumbotron and the entire crowd chants: *
speaker_heading: CROWD *
dialog: And that's the way the cookie *
dialog: crumbles! *
speaker_heading: MUSIC OUT/MONTAGE OUT
scene_heading: INT. BEAUTY SALON - DAY
text: Grace lies in full body wrap, while Debbie is in the process
text: of being wrapped by MARGARITA, a rather ruff Spanish Salon
dialog: attendant.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: So this is what success buys you.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I guess.
dialog: (wiggling around)
dialog: I feel like a human taquito.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Well, thank Mr. Exclusive for me.
dialog: He's on a quite a roll. What'd he
dialog: do make a deal with the devil?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: And he's taking me out tonight to
dialog: dinner at Chez L'Amour.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Well, la-ti-da. Mike's idea of a
dialog: romantic evening is Chez Sizzler.
text: Margarita pulls the wrap tightly around Debbie.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: (to Margarita)
dialog: What does this do again?
speaker_heading: MARGARITA
dialog: EstS para su grasa.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Grasa? Doesn't that mean fat?
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Afraid so.
text: Debbie eyes Margarita.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (gushing)
dialog: So, Bruce said and I quote:
dialog: "Prepare yourself for an amazing
dialog: evening that will change our lives
dialog: forever."
text: Margarita reaches Debbie's waist and YANKS tightly.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Good - you wouldn't want to leave
dialog: any spare oxygen in there.
dialog: (back to Grace)
dialog: Wait a second, you don't think he's
dialog: going to propose, do you?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I don't think anything.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: You do. You think he's going to
dialog: propose.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Well, he's always said when he gets
dialog: his career together, you know...
dialog: And his career is more than
dialog: together. I mean, come on, Chez
dialog: L'Amour. Change our lives...
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: I don't know, hun. I mean, I like
dialog: Bruce but that man's priority list
dialog: is him, him, him, then him some
dialog: more and then you.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Well, he just might surprise you.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: That's what I'm worried about.
dialog: (re: Margarita)
dialog: Careful, you missed a spot of free
dialog: flowing circulation.
text: Margarita senses the attitude and pulls tighter. Debbie
dialog: reacts.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: That'd do it.
text: Margarita motions for Debbie to lay down and leaves. Debbie
text: struggles to lay down.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Let's see, how do I--
text: Debbie slides to the ground, Grace cracks up, gets up to
text: help, but also in mummy wrap, topples on top of her. They
text: both laugh and struggling to get up.
text: Hearing the ruckus, Margarita enters and gasps.
speaker_heading: MARGARITA
speaker_heading: Lesbianas1
text: Grace and Debbie crack up harder.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Hey, I'll take that over fat...
text: Margarita tries to pull them up, but falls too.
speaker_heading: MARGARITA
dialog: No sexo, no sexol
text: Grace and Debbie can't stop laughing.
scene_heading: INT. CHEZ L'AMOUR - NIGHT
text: A waiter pours the first trickle of wine into Bruce's glass.
text: Bruce whiffs it, tastes it.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Very good. If you run out just
dialog: bring me some water, I'll take it
dialog: from there.
text: Grace looks over the menu as Bruce notices people at various
text: tables eyeing him. He glances up to a ceiling light and
text: REDIRECTS IT with his mind, so it SPOTLIGHTS HIM in golden
dialog: light.
text: TWO CUTE GIRLS with dates SMILE and wave. He waves back.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Should we ask for a more private
dialog: table?
dialog: 73,
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Huh? Oh, no this is fine right
dialog: here.
text: Bruce looks at Grace lovingly. He takes her hand.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I was going to wait until after the
dialog: meal, but I think it's going to
dialog: just bust out of me if I don't do
dialog: it now.
text: Grace beams, looks at Bruce with total love.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You ready?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I got anchor.
text: Grace's face falls. She does her best to cover.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Evidently, they're having problems
text: with Evan. He's finishing up the
dialog: week and I go live Monday.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: That's great, honey.
dialog: Congratulations. Wow. So that's
dialog: what's tonight is about?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Well, yeah. Grace, I got anchor.
dialog: We got anchor!
text: She's having a hard time covering her let down.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (noticing her flat
dialog: reaction)
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Well, to be honest, I thought that
dialog: maybe tonight, you--
text: The TWO CUTE GIRLS interrupt, approach Bruce.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: CUTE GIRL #1
dialog: I'm sorry, but we had to come over.
dialog: We just think you're amazing and...
speaker_heading: CUTE GIRL #2
dialog: Well, we can't believe it's you!
text: They both laugh, Bruce enjoys the attention.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (laughing along)
dialog: Yep, it's me.
speaker_heading: CUTE GIRL #1
dialog: Can we get a picture with you?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Well, sure.
dialog: (glances to Grace)
text: Just one second, hun.
dialog: (leans to Grace)
dialog: Fans. We better get used to this,
dialog: huh?
text: Grace sits watching the two girls take turns sitting on
text: Bruce's lap, taking pictures. Sees Bruce relishing in the
text: attention. One girl gives Bruce a peck on the cheek and they
dialog: r"sS!w^w!s
text: leave. Grace is clearly upset.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: You have lipstick on your face.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oh, thanks...
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Bruce, we need to talk. I thought
dialog: we had an understanding--
text: Suddenly, the WHISPERS start again. Bruce looks around,
text: figures it's coming from the restaurant patrons.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Wow. It's kind of loud in here.
text: Grace looks around the quiet romantic setting.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What are you talking about? It's
dialog: not loud.
text: The WHISPERS GROW IN VOLUME.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Geez...
dialog: (shouts to the restaurant)
scene_heading: ----- - COULD YOU ~KEEP TT DOWNl--- --
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Bruce, this isn't funny.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (talking loud .over the
dialog: "racket")
dialog: WHAT? WOULD YOU EXCUSE ME FOR A
speaker_heading: SECOND?
text: He gets up and darts off.
scene_heading: INT. CHEZ L'AMOUR KITCHEN - CONTINUOUS
text: Bruce races through the restaurant kitchen holding his ears -
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEYWAY - NIGHT - CONTINUOUS
text: He BURSTS out the kitchen exit into the alley. Unclasps his
text: ears, but no relief. The whispers are now loud voices. We
text: start to make out fragments of words "Please," "Help me,"
dialog: etc.
text: Overwhelmed and scared, he slides down the alley wall,
text: covering his face, then TOTAL SILENCE --
text: Bruce lowers his hands and finds himself SITTING ATOP A HIGH
text: MOUNTAIN PEAK.
speaker_heading: GOD (O.S.)
dialog: Really something isn't it?
text: God sits down next to Bruce.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Is this heaven?
dialog: God laughs at this one.
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: It's Everest. You should try
dialog: flipping on the Discovery Channel
dialog: every now and then. Well, I guess
dialog: you can't now, being dead and all.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I'm dead?I
dialog: God laughs.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: No, I'm just messing with you.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Those voices...
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: They're prayers, Bruce. You keep
dialog: ignoring them and they're going to
dialog: build up on. you like that. You
dialog: didn't think being God was going to
dialog: be all fun and games did you?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Prayers? Those are prayers? Why
dialog: can't I understand them?
text: God forms a snowball in his hands as he talks.
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: You aren't listening, son. Let's
dialog: see, you've had my powers for over
dialog: a week now and how many people have
dialog: you helped?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Okay, so maybe I've righted a
dialog: couple of the wrongs in my own
dialog: life. I was going to get around to
dialog: others. I can do both. I can help
dialog: the world.
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: The world? That wasn't the world,
dialog: Bruce. That was just Buffalo,
dialog: between Commonwealth and 57th.
dialog: Didn't want to start you out with
dialog: more than you can handle. Now how
dialog: you doing otherwise? Personal life
dialog: in good shape?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Yeah. Everything is great.
text: A DOORWAY OPENS like a crack in space. Grace steps out, sees
dialog: Bruce.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Bruce? What are you doing out
dialog: here?
text: With that, the terrain TRANSFORMS back into the alley where
text: Grace has been standing all along. She can not see .God.
dialog: 77,
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oh, ah,
dialog: (to God)
dialog: She can't...
dialog: (God shakes his head, back
dialog: to Grace)
dialog: I just, ah, needed a little fresh
dialog: air.
text: Bruce fakes a couple big breaths.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Bruce, what is going on? The
dialog: second I want to talk about us you
dialog: run out on me.
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: (to Bruce)
dialog: Everything's great, huh?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I wasn't running out on you...
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: You know, I actually had the crazy
dialog: idea that you were going to ask me
dialog: to marry you tonight.
speaker_heading: GOD
text: Now it's heating up.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (to God)
dialog: You are not helping.
dialog: (back to Grace)
dialog: ...me at all here, Grace.
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Nice recovery.
text: Bruce looks to God to shut up.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Not helping you what?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (to Grace)
dialog: Look hun, I want to talk about
dialog: this. This just isn't a good time.
dialog: Okay?
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: When is it a good time? It's never
dialog: a good time.
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: She's got a point.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (to God)
dialog: Stay out of this.
text: Grace looks at him like he's nuts.
dialog: *
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Who are you talking to?!
text: Just then, the WHISPERS start in again. Bruce reacts.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oh, not now.
text: Bruce puts his hands to his ears. Grace takes this as him
text: not wanting to listen to her.
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: You're going to have to answer
dialog: those things, y'know.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Fin e. Yo u kn ow wh at? I 'm go in g t o
dialog: go home and if by some miracle it *
dialog: suddenly becomes a 'good time', you *
dialog: know where to find me. *
dialog: (starts out, then) *
dialog: And speaking of time, you're *
dialog: running out of it. *
text: Grace heads back into the restaurant. Bruce stands
text: completely frustrated.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (to God)
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: You want some friendly advice?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: No.
dialog: God smiles.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: You wanted the job, Bruce. I *
dialog: suggest you get to it. *
scene_heading: INT. BRUCE AND GRACE'S APARTMENT - DAY *
text: Grace is asleep in the bedroom while Bruce paces in the *
dialog: living room. *
speaker_heading: BRUCE *
dialog: Okay...Prayers. *
text: He concentrates for a second and in an instant, the WHISPERS *
dialog: start in.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Okay, first off, this creepy
dialog: whisper thing has got to go.
dialog: (paces)
dialog: Organization and management. I
dialog: need a system. Something
dialog: concrete...
dialog: (an idea) *
dialog: Prayer files 1 *
dialog: (commands) *
dialog: Let all prayers be organized into *
dialog: +* files. *
dialog: Bruce WAVES HIS HAND--- *
text: Instantly, the room is JAMMED FULL OF FILE. CABINETS. *
speaker_heading: BRUCE *
dialog: Too b ulky. Ah! Praye r po st-it s! *
text: Instantly, the files are gone and millions of POST-IT'S, EACH *
text: WITH A PERSON'S PRAYER REQUEST begin slapping down attaching *
dialog: themselves to everything in the room. *
text: Bruce himself becomes a big post-it mummy. He pulls the one *
dialog: covering his mouth. *
speaker_heading: BRUCE *
dialog: Sloppy. *
dialog: (an idea) *
dialog: Ah! *
speaker_heading: CUT TO: *
text: Bruce sits before a High Tech computer sitting on a desktop. *
dialog: We HEAR the famous "You've Got Mail" sound bite. *
dialog: 8 0.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Welcome to the information super
dialog: highway. No mess, full bless.
text: A COMPUTER PROGRESS BAR titled "Downloading Prayers" appears
text: on screen, there's a long, long way to go.
text: Bruce watches and waits, bored - looks at his watch. *
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO: *
scene_heading: BRUCE - MORNING *
text: He's fallen asleep by the computer. As he wakes he sees: *
dialog: "1,567,432 unread messages" *
speaker_heading: BRUCE *
dialog: Whoa. *
text: Suddenly, Grace bounds out of the bathroom. *
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Okay, this is getting ridiculous I
text: Grace's boobs are enormous! A healthy D-cup.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I have to see a doctor. There's
dialog: definitely something wrong with me.
dialog: *
text: Bruce jumps up from the computer, hides what he's doing...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: No. You look great.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I look like a hooker I My whole
text: body is changing.
text: She turns profile, her back sways causing her ass to stick
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: My back didn't used to arch like
dialog: this.
text: Bruce gets up, walks to Grace.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I think you look amazing. *
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Bruce, I feel like our relationship
dialog: is becoming all about sex.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: No it's not. Come on, give me a
dialog: *
dialog: hug.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: No, Bruce. Come on. *
text: She breaks away and sees the computer is on. *
speaker_heading: GRACE *
dialog: What's that? What are you doing? *
dialog: Bruce tries to cover. *
speaker_heading: BRUCE *
dialog: Oh, ah. Nothing. Surfing the *
dialog: *
dialog: internet...for stories...
speaker_heading: GRACE *
dialog: Is this why you didn't come to bed? *
speaker_heading: BRUCE *
dialog: No, ah...Honey, you're going to be *
dialog: late.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: No, I'm not.
text: Bruce looks over Grace's shoulder and ADJUSTS THE CLOCK FORTY
text: MINUTES FORWARD. Grace turns and is surprised.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Oh my goshI How did I sleep this
dialog: late? I've got to run. Are you
dialog: giving me a ride?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Don't need to.
text: Bruce motions to the window. Grace walks over, looks out and
dialog: s es . .
dialog: e.
text: A NEW SPORTY RED CONVERTIBLE wrapped in a WHITE BOW.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Happy two months and four days
dialog: before your birthday.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (gasps)
dialog: y ou' re c ra zy . Ca n we a ff ord t ha t?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I'll work it out. Just trust me.
text: Bruce dangles the keys in front of her eyes. *
speaker_heading: GRACE *
dialog: If you're trying to buy your way *
dialog: out of the hot water you're in, *
dialog: it's not working. . . *
dialog: (looks at the car) *
dialog: Well, it's working a little... *
dialog: Bruce smiles. *
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: GRACE DRIVES OFF IN HER NEW CAR
text: Bruce turns away from the window, gets back to the computer.
speaker_heading: BRUCE *
dialog: Okay. Let's start with something *
dialog: easy.
dialog: (typing)
dialog: Find: Sports...Sabers.
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Please make the Sabers win the
dialog: playoffs, good. Please, please let
text: the Red Wings beat the Sabers.
text: Bruce puzzles over the two prayers. Starts typing.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Yes to you, loyal Sabers fan. And
dialog: no to you.
dialog: (typing)
dialog: And your goalie has turrets.
dialog: Bruce smiles, this is fun.
scene_heading: MUSIC UP: MIC JAGGER "GOD GIVE ME EVERYTHING I WANT"
scene_heading: MONTAGE - BRUCE ANSWERS PRAYERS
scene_heading: CLOSE ON COMPUTER SCREEN
dialog: Emails scroll, stop at:
speaker_heading: Filbert Davidson RE: GYM CLASS
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL GYM - ROPE CLIMBING DRILL - DAY
text: A BULLY taunts a FAT KID WITH HORN RIMMED GLASSES.
text: ANGLE BRUCE - WATCHING FROM THE BLEACHERS.
text: The FAT KID nervously grabs the rope and much to his *
text: surprise, he CLIMBS IT LIKE STALLONE IN CLIFF HANGER. *
text: Bruce is in the stands, pleased. He flicks his finger upward
text: and the BULLY'S gym shorts SHOOT UP HIS BUTT CRACK - a
dialog: supernatural wedgy.
text: Filbert flexes his flabby arm, amazed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE ON - COMPUTER SCREEN E-MAIL
scene_heading: Ester Maha RE: BANKRUPTCY
scene_heading: INT. BANK OFFICE - DAY
text: Bruce looks in the bank window and sees a very stressed, *
text: ESTER sitting in the loan officer's office, tears in her *
text: eyes. As she opens her purse for a tissue, IT IS FULL OF
text: CASH. She registers shock and joy.
speaker_heading: BRUCE *
dialog: Ask and ye shall receive. *
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE ON - COMPUTER SCREEN E-MAIL
scene_heading: Bella Winters. RE - PARKING.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Close on a middle-aged woman driving a car in a parking lot.
speaker_heading: MIDDLE AGED WOMAN
dialog: Please let. me find a space.
text: She drives right by Bruce who smiles. . . *
speaker_heading: BRUCE *
dialog: Knock, and the door shall be *
dialog: open. . . *
text: Bruce makes a KNOCKING MOTION and... *
scene_heading: ANGLE - HANDICAPPED SPACES
dialog: 84.
text: All the signs fall off their post. The painted wheelchair
text: symbols on the pavement animate WHEELING THEMSELVES OFF THE
text: SPACES. She pulls into the now open spaces.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON YARD - DAY
text: Bruec watches a stickball game in progress. One PRISONER
text: chases a batted ball to the prison wall revealing a HUGE HOLE
dialog: to freedom.
speaker_heading: PRISONER
dialog: (looks heavenward)
dialog: Thank you, God.
scene_heading: EXT. BEASLEY CONSTRUCTION SITE - DAY
text: Construction workers stand staring down in awe as woman after
text: woman on the sidewalk below, STOP, RAISE THEIR TOPS AND FLASH
speaker_heading: THEM.
speaker_heading: CONSTRUCTION WORKER
dialog: Thank you, God.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL WONDERS DAY CARE - DAY
text: Grace bends over to help with a craft, revealing ample
dialog: cleavage.
text: ANGLE - MARTIN AND THE OTHER BOYS STARING AT HER, EYES WIDE.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Gracias, dios.
dialog: (Subtitles read: Thank
dialog: you, God.)
text: He shovels a scoop of paste in his mouth.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON: COMPUTER KEYBOARD
text: Bruce's hands typing responses. His fingers move faster and
dialog: faster.
scene_heading: FRAGMENT MONTAGE OF OVERLAPPING IMAGERY - TEXT AND VISUALS:
dialog: "I want to be bigger" text and dissolve to a young man
text: growing six inches. He smiles wide --
text: Close up computer text snippets dissolve over one another:
dialog: "Please help my stock go up" "..my stock..." "...make a
dialog: killing in the market..."
dialog: Then another "I want to be bigger" this time dissolve to a
text: grown man, peeks down his pants, smiles wide --
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: EXT. BUFFALO CITY STREETS - DAY
text: Bruce walks along head high, FULL OF HIMSELF. He audibly
text: hears snippets of prayers, snapping off responses.
speaker_heading: VARIOUS PEDESTRIANS
dialog: I've got to find a better
dialog: job...Come on light, turn...God, I
dialog: wish I were thinner...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Promotion with 15% raise...It's
dialog: green. . . Donuts are now healthy...
scene_heading: INT. BRUCE AND GRACE'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Bruce sits at the computer, looks at the total prayer
text: requests, his jaw drops. 3 MILLION and growing.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oh, come on. What a bunch of
dialog: whiners. This is going to suck up
dialog: my whole life.
text: Bruce gets an idea, pulls down a menu on the computer,
text: highlights "ANSWER ALL" types in the word "YES" and hits
dialog: enter.
text: The computer takes over, ANSWERING EACH EMAIL AUTOMATICALLY.
text: Bruce smiles and gets up.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON - THE COMPUTER SCREEN
text: We see the list scroll by, everything from "LOST CAT" to
text: "MORE MONEY" "MAKE ME SMARTER" "MAKE ME THINNER," ETC.
text: "YES" "SEND", "YES" "SEND" and on and on.
scene_heading: MUSIC OUT/END MONTAGE
scene_heading: INT. EYEWITNESS NEWS STATION - JACK'S OFFICE - DAY
speaker_heading: ON JACK
text: Very uncomfortable, struggles for the right words as he's
dialog: firing somebody.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Look this isn't easy for me. We're
dialog: starting to get some complaints
dialog: and... Well, Bobby, things just
dialog: aren't working out.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: JACK'S POV
text: Bobby's demon-looking head, slowly ROTATES 360 DEGREES ON HIS
speaker_heading: NECK.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (scared)
dialog: An, you can keep the cart if you
dialog: like.
dialog: We can SEE BOBBY'S BREATH NOW.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (deep demonic voice)
dialog: Thanks. I've grown kind of
text: attached to it.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL WONDERS DAY CARE - DAY
text: Bruce pulls up, Grace, her BODY BACK TO NORMAL, walks up and
text: hops in, happy.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: L ook! I'm back to no rmal. It was
dialog: the wildest thing, I was worried,
dialog: so I said a prayer and the next
dialog: thing I know, I was completely
dialog: healed. It was like a miracle.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (fakes happy)
dialog: That's great.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: So, you're taking me to lunch?
dialog: Th is i s ra re --
dialog: (catches herself)
dialog: But wonderful.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oh, I've got something better than
dialog: lunch.
text: Bruce pulls out. They drive off.
speaker_heading: GRACE (O.S.)
dialog: Oh, you'll never believe it.
dialog: Debbie won the lotteryI
speaker_heading: BRUCE (O.S.)
dialog: Really?
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: GRACE (O.S.)
dialog: But get this, there were like 433
dialog: thousand other winners, so it only
dialog: paid out 17 dollars. Can you
dialog: believe the odds of that?
scene_heading: EXT., UPSCALE HOME - DAY
text: Bruce leads her out of the car.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Keep 'em closed...
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: What is this?
scene_heading: EXT. UPSCALE HOME - DAY *
text: Bruce leads Grace through the gates. *
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Okay...open your eyes.
text: Grace does and sees A STAGGERING MANSION. *
speaker_heading: GRACE *
dialog: Wow. This is a bit overwhelming. *
speaker_heading: BRUCE *
dialog: I know, it's incredible. Come on *
dialog: in, look. *
scene_heading: INT. MANSION . *
dialog: As amazing as it is, it's interior design is way over the top *
text: ritzy. Painted ceilings, gold trim everwhere. ' *
speaker_heading: GRACE *
dialog: (laughing) *
dialog: This place is hilarious. Are you *
dialog: doing a story here? *
speaker_heading: BRUCE *
dialog: (coy) *
dialog: No. Guess again? *
text: Grace turns to Bruce confused.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: It's mine...ours.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (beaming)
dialog: This is our new home. Come on...
text: Bruce pulls Grace up the stairs.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: This had to cost-- I can't even
dialog: imagine how much this had to cost.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: 7 million. That was the asking,
dialog: but I got a deal.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Wh-What am I missing here? You
dialog: can't afford this. You're a
dialog: reporter. Buying cars is one
dialog: t hing, but this--
text: Bruce grabs a hold of Grace.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: We'll have the money. Listen to me
dialog: closely. I'm getting anchor.
dialog: Then, I'm going to get spotted,
dialog: offers will come flooding in to go
dialog: national, and then you and I are
dialog: moving to New York City to a place
dialog: that will put this to shame. This
dialog: has been my exact dream my whole
dialog: life and it's finally going to
dialog: happen. Every step just how I
dialog: pictured it.
text: Grace just stares at Bruce.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: There's only one problem.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I hate it.
text: Bruce is surprised.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What were you thinking? Why didn't *
dialog: you talk to me about this? *
speaker_heading: BRUCE *
dialog: I wanted to surprise you. *
speaker_heading: GRACE *
dialog: Mission accomplished. *
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Honestly, I thought you'd be a
text: little more appreciative.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Appreciative of what? The fact
dialog: that you didn't include me on a
dialog: major life decision or that we now
dialog: live in the Sultan of Bernai's *
dialog: house? *
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Like pearls to swine.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What is that supposed to mean?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Let those with ears hear.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What is happening to you? You're
dialog: changing.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Exa ct ly. F or th e bet te r. I' m not
dialog: poor and s truggling . And mayb e
dialog: that threatens you. I'm telling
dialog: you, there are plenty of women who
dialog: would love this place.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Yeah, and so would their pimps. *
speaker_heading: BRUCE *
dialog: I can't believe this. I did all *
dialog: this for us. *
speaker_heading: GRACE *
dialog: Us ? W hat us? Yo u a lwa ys said wh en *
dialog: your career takes off we'd get *
dialog: married. What happened to that us? *
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I want that.
speaker_heading: GRACE *
dialog: 'That'. You can't even say the *
dialog: word. *
speaker_heading: BRUCE *
dialog: Marriage, I want marriage, okay. *
dialog: It's just not a great time right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Not a great time. What is that,
dialog: your mantra? This is never going
dialog: to change. . .
text: Grace heads down the stairs. *
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Come on Grace, lighten up. .*
dialog: Tomorrow's Saturday. The office is *
dialog: throwing me a party here, for
dialog: getting anchor. Let's enjoy the
dialog: ride for a whi le. We're just
dialog: starting to have some fun.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: No, you're just starting to have
dialog: fun.
text: Suddenly, the TOILET FLUSHES off camera. Grace sees Sam in
text: the bathroom spraying some deodorizer before he exits.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: And what in God's name is going on
dialog: with that dogI?
text: Grace pulls her cell phone .out of her purse, heads for the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I'm going to have Debbie pick me
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Grace.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I'm sorry, but I won't be attending
dialog: your little pa rty tomorrow. And if *
dialog: you would like to see me after I
dialog: will be at our home. *
dialog: 91.
text: She starts out.
speaker_heading: GRACE (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, and that poor, struggling guy
dialog: you talked about? I miss him.
scene_heading: ON BRUCE - BUMMED
scene_heading: PARTY MUSIC UP:
scene_heading: INT. UPSCALE HOME - NIGHT
text: The PARTY OF PARTIES is in order. The place is jam packed
text: with co-workers, fellow reporters, and various news contacts
text: Everyone is in an ecstatic mood, many prayers having been
dialog: recently answered. We MOVE THROUGH THE PARTY and hear
text: snippets of various conversations.
speaker_heading: BUSINESSMAN
dialog: I'll drink to that! My tech stocks
dialog: tripled in five days.
text: They clink glasses.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: You seem taller.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: I am!
speaker_heading: FATHER TYPE
dialog: My son pitched a no hitter!
speaker_heading: HEAVYISH WOMAN
dialog: I lost 47 Ibs on the Krispy Kreme
dialog: diet.
speaker_heading: ON SAM
text: Walking on his hind legs, delivers a cold beer to Bruce.
speaker_heading: ON BRUCE
text: Well on his way to plastered, takes a swig, then glances at
dialog: the beer.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (to Sam)
dialog: Hello...
dialog: (pointing to bottle)
dialog: Corona. Lime next time?
dialog: 92.
text: Sam walks away, his tail between his legs.
text: Bruce maneuvers down the hall dancing, high-fiving, drunkenly *
text: accepting the praise coming at him from all sides. *
speaker_heading: PARTIERS
dialog: There he is. . . The manI.. All
dialog: hail our new anchor!I
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Bless you. Bless you.
scene_heading: PARTYING SPORTS GUY
dialog: Hey Bruce, who do you like in the
dialog: game tonight?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Put your money on the Sabers.
text: Coach prays a lot.
text: A FRENCH WAITER approaches Bruce.
speaker_heading: FRENCH WAITER
dialog: Ah, Mr. Nolan, we're running out of
dialog: hors doerves. I'm afraid we under-
dialog: ordered, sir. And the people are
dialog: hungry.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What do you have left?
text: The Waiter holds up a small basket.
speaker_heading: FRENCH WAITER
text: Only three chips and two shrimp.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (confident)
dialog: Just take it around.
text: The Waiter gets a confused look.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: CHIPS OVERFLOWING, SHRIMP SPILLING OUT OF BASKETS, HANDS
text: REACHING GLUTTONOUSLY FOR THE BOUNTY.
text: The Waiter walks along amazed as handfuls of shrimp and chips
text: are pulled from the small basket.
text: Partiers crowd around Bruce, start to chant.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: Speech! Speech!! Speech!
text: Bruce takes center stage, quiets the crowd.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I ' d thank you all for coming, but
dialog: the liquor is free so maybe you
dialog: should THANK ME!
text: Everyone laughs.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: And now let me tell you a story.
dialog: There was a man who had two sons.
dialog: The younger son took his
dialog: inheritance and squandered his
dialog: money on a life of lust and
dialog: debauchery. I LOVE THAT GUY!!
text: Everyone throws their hands up and continues to party.
text: Bruce's big smile fades. He looks around the room, hoping to
text: spot Grace. He grabs a phone, walks out to the balcony,
dialog: di al s --
text: He gets their answering machine, hears their outgoing message
text: together from happier times. He hangs up.
speaker_heading: FEMALE VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Hey there.
text: Bruce turns, sees SUSAN ORTEGA, completely stunning in a sexy
dialog: dress.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Hi Br uce. What are you d oing out
dialog: here all alone?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Oh, ah, I was calling Grace.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Yeah, I didn't see her in there. I
dialog: love the new place, by the way. So
dialog: how are you and Grace doing?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I don't know, we had a fight
dialog: earlier. Ever since I . . Well,
dialog: things are different now and...
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: You're on fire Bruce. Some women
dialog: can't handle fire. Some can.
text: Susan smooths close to Bruce.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: You know, I always had an instinct
dialog: about you. I knew you were going
dialog: to make something of yourself.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: There's something special about you
dialog: Bruce. I like special...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Look Susan, I don't know, I--
text: Susan grabs Bruce, kisses him passionately. Bruce doesn't
text: join in, but doesn't fight it either.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE FRONT DOOR
text: Grace and Debbie enter.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: So this is your new place, huh?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Cozy, don't you think? Come on
dialog: help me find him.
text: They head into the room.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: You sure you want to do this?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I don't know. It's his big night. *
dialog: I don't want to spoil it. I know . *
dialog: how much this means to him. *
speaker_heading: DEBBIE *
dialog: *
dialog: So much for lashing back...
text: Grace stops dead in her tracks. Her face drops.
text: GRACE'S POV - BRUCE, still lip-locked with Susan Ortega.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Oh, boy.
text: Bruce turns and sees Grace.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Grace, I...
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: . (fighting back tears)
dialog: Get the car, Deb.
speaker_heading: DEBBIE
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Grace, wait.
text: Grace follows Debbie out.
scene_heading: EXT. UPSCALE HOME - NIGHT
text: Bruce follows Grace outside.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Grace, come on.
text: Grace stops, opens her purse, tosses the keys to her new car
text: in Bruce's chest.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Here. I do n't w ant your car. I
dialog: don't want your things. . . I don't
dialog: want you.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Come on, don't say that. I was
dialog: just calling y ou--
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: And you thought Susan's mouth was
dialog: the phone?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I didn't think you were coming-- I
dialog: mean, I . . . I screwed up, okay.
dialog: Let me make it up to you.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: How about a boat, Bruce?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: If that's what you want.
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Yeah, a big boat and oh, maybe two
dialog: bags of cash, you know, the ones
text: with the big cartoon dollar signs
dialog: on the front. Then I'll be happy.
dialog: Because I'm just hollow inside.
dialog: Debbie's been right. All this
dialog: time. I defended you, told her
dialog: there was good in you. Another
dialog: side to you. Well, I just saw that
dialog: other side and I don't want
dialog: anything to do with it.
text: Debbie pulls up, Grace storms off to the car. Bruce follows,
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Grace, come on, don't do this.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Go back to your little co-anchor.
dialog: Or is that ho-anchor?
dialog: (tearing)
dialog: I came back here to apologize. How
dialog: stupid am I?
text: Grace turns and heads to the car.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You're the one that didn't like the
dialog: new place!
text: Grace gets in, slams the door.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You can't walk out on me! I'm the
dialog: alpha, lady! I'm the Omega!
text: Debbie peels out.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (desperate last attempt)
dialog: I could make you stay!
text: Bruce is left alone in the middle of the street.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Fine! I don't need you! I have
dialog: everything I need. Did you hear
dialog: that?!
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: I have EVERYTHING!
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: INT. UPSCALE HOME - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bruce walks in, Susan is waiting for him.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I was right. She couldn't handle
dialog: the fire.
dialog: *
text: Bruce looks at Susan with disgust, then glances to a FIRE
text: ALARM on the wall, mentally TRIGGERS IT. The sprinklers turn
text: on, as well. People scream, rush toward the exit.
text: Bruce sits down on the sofa, being rained on by the
text: sprinklers, alone. He finally plops back and God is sitting
text: next to him.
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: Enjoying your party? Yeah, nothing
dialog: like spending time with some real
dialog: frien ds. Any s hrimp left ?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Grace left me.
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (certain)
dialog: She'll take me back.
dialog: (uncertain)
dialog: Will she take me back?
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: Would you take you back?
text: Bruce mulls this over,- then...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: How do you make someone love you
dialog: when you can't effect free will?
speaker_heading: GOD
dialog: Welcome to my world, son. You come
dialog: up with an answer to that one, you
dialog: let me know.
dialog: Off of Bruce thinking...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: INT. DEBBIE AND MIKE'S HOUSE - MORNING
text: Grace's alarm goes off. The radio comes on and it plays a
text: John Cougar Mellencamp song. But the lyrics are different.
speaker_heading: JOHN COUGAR MELLENCAMP
dialog: Here's a little ditty,
dialog: about Grace and her man Bruce,
dialog: two Americans growing up,
dialog: needing to make a truce.
text: Grace's eyes pop open. Is she dreaming?
scene_heading: EXT. DEBBIE'S HOUSE
text: Bruce hides behind a hedge, watches Grace jog past.
speaker_heading: ON GRACE
text: notices something CARVED IN THE TREE it reads: "GRACE +
text: BRUCE". Carved in the next tree, "A COUPLE FOR THE AGES".
text: Carved in the next tree, "COME ON ALREADY, GIVE HIM ANOTHER
text: CHANCE". She does a double take, continues on.
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE SHOP
text: Grace reaches in her purse to pay for her coffee and a bunch
text: of PICTURES FALL OUT. They are all of Bruce and Grace. She
dialog: thinks, definitely didn't -put them there.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL WONDER'S DAY CARE - DAY
text: Grace is helping one of the kids, when she notices something
text: outside the window. It's a cloud formation that strangely
text: looks like BRUCE (in profile) HOLDING HANDS WITH GRACE. She
text: reacts as the imagery melts away into a very faint "FORGIVE
dialog: HIM."
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL WONDERS DAY CARE - LATER
text: Grace is talking with one of the other teachers. The kids,
text: playing dodgeball in the background, laugh and scream louder
text: and louder. Grace turns and sees...
text: Bruce getting pelted by multiple balls.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Okay, surrender, surrender.
text: He walks over to Grace.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Hi.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Hi..
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I, ah, have my first anchor
dialog: tonight.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: That's great. I hope it goes well
dialog: for you.
text: He's hit in the head by a ball. Grace can't help but smiles
text: Bruce leaps at the opportunity.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: I miss you.
dialog: (off her silence)
dialog: I just took the first step, shot
dialog: myself out on the ledge, awaiting
dialog: vulnerably your response.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: . . . I don't know what to say.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: How about you love me and you'll
dialog: take me back.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: No, Bruce.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Come on, what about all the signs?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What? How do you know about that?
dialog: Did you talk to Debbie?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Would it help if I told you I acted
dialog: like an ass?
text: Martin is standing nearby.
speaker_heading: MARTIN
dialog: Hey, you said ass.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: It's okay as long as you mean a
dialog: donkey. I didn't add "hole." It's
dialog: only bad when you say "ass-ho--
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Alright, inside, Martin.
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Okay everyone, inside.
text: The kids race in. Grace starts to follow.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Grace, please. None of this seems *
dialog: right without you. *
dialog: (off her reaction) *
dialog: Is that a glimmer of hope I see? *
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: I have to go... *
text: She starts off. . .
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Wait.
text: Bruce DRAMATICALLY RAISES A HAND TOWARD GRACE, like putting a
dialog: love spell on her.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Now how do you feel?
text: She looks at him, oddly.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: ...Are you out of your mind? Have
dialog: you been drinking?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Drin kin g? Sur e. I'm dru nk wit h
speaker_heading: POWER.
text: Bruce RAISES BOTH HANDS IN FULL HEXING FASHION...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: ...LOVE ME1!!
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You need help.
text: She heads back inside. Bruce throws his hands in the air,
dialog: frustrated.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL WONDER'S PARKING LOT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Bruce heads for his car as he sees a two guys in PRISON SUITS
text: (from the prison yard) drive off with it.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Hey11 That's my car!!
scene_heading: INT. BRUCE'S CAR - CONTINUOUS
text: The PRISONERS drive off laughing.
speaker_heading: PRISONER #1
dialog: Ha, nice wheels, huh?
text: BRUCE sits up in the back seat.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Thou shalt not steal.
dialog: The prisoners JUMP.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Car, show them the way out.
text: Instantly, the car doors fly open and the seats tilt sideways
text: dumping the prisoners.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: What is wrong with the world?
scene_heading: INT. EYEWITNESS NEWS STATION - TV STUDIO
speaker_heading: ON A TV MONITOR
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR #1
dialog: The Dow skyrocketed again today and
dialog: with a new influx of paper
dialog: millionaires, analysts are warning
dialog: of a potential run on banks...
text: We see a stock graph superimposed on the screen with a
text: ludicrous jump straight up off the charts.
scene_heading: CHANNEL CHANGES TO:
speaker_heading: NEWSANCHOR #2
dialog: The scene nearly turned violent
text: when hundreds of disgruntled
dialog: Buffalo residents protested the
dialog: results of lasts weeks fluke
dialog: lottery results...
scene_heading: CHANNEL CHANGES TO:
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR #3
dialog: ...another 37 arrests today at the
dialog: Beasley Construction Site for
dialog: indecent exposure. . .
text: We see women getting pulled away one by one into police vans,
text: after they flash their tops. In the background, a "Girl's
text: Gone Wild" van is there rolling tape of each flashing.
speaker_heading: ON JACK
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: The world's gone mad.
text: Jack clicks off the monitor. Bruce hustles in from make-up.
text: An air of forced confidence about him. Nothing and no one is
text: going to ruin his big moment.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Oh, there you are. Your big debut.
dialog: How you feeling?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: You know what? I'm good. The show
dialog: must go on.
text: Bruce sits in the anchor desk, breathes in the reality.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Bruce, if I had any idea Grace was
dialog: going to be there last night...
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Susan, you didn't do anything *
dialog: wrong. In fact, I found the *
dialog: moment rather pleasurable. *
text: Susan shudders, tries to compose himself.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (flustered)
dialog: Oh, really. . . that's nice.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Okay, the Sabers just won the
dialog: Stanley Cup. It's getting pretty
dialog: crazy out there. We're going to
text: kick live to Fred at the stadium.
dialog: Oh, and Bruce, you won the pool
text: again. Exact score, dead on.
dialog: Twenty-three to one, who would have
dialog: thought.
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: bXA<ae <b="" d="" five,="" four...="" in="" manager="" stag="" =""> JACK
dialog: </ae>
