speaker_heading: CABARET
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: A Screenplay
dialog: by
dialog: Jay Presson Allen
dialog: (First Draft)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Page 1
speaker_heading: CABARET
text: THE TITLES IN WHITE AGAINST BLACK SCREEN. GERIAN
scene_heading: GOTHIC LETTERING, ALL SILENT.
dialog: a Ba ee SEE lan,
text: About half-way through the credits, fade-in sounds
text: of people talking mingled with sound of cutlery and
dialog: dishes, These will eventually become the background
text: sounds of the Cabaret. ‘lio music.
dialog: pores
text: During the final credit a-drum roll is heard demanding
text: attention. It ends with a loud cymbal crash. ‘the
text: sounds abruptly stop - Silence - Black screen. In
text: the black we hear the opening “vanp". (An old=hat
text: musical introduction to a vocal entrance, short for,
dialog: "vamp until ready".)
dialog: At end of vamp
dialog: rearey
speaker_heading: G
dialog: Cur TO:
dialog: nse
dialog: oy
scene_heading: FULL HEAD CLOSS-UP MASTER OF CEREMONIES SINGING
scene_heading: DIRECTLY INTO CAHERA,
dialog: ry
dialog: i
dialog: i
dialog: +
dialog: a
text: Bizarre make-up. Very white, heavily rouged, lipstick
dialog: makes exagyerated bow of nis mouth, patent leather
dialog: hair.. Total effect: depravity.
dialog: ery
dialog: - Tc.
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Willkommen, bienvenue, welcome
dialog: Fremde, etranger, stranger ...
text: PULL BACK to reveal he is a little man dressed in
text: period tails, he carries a stick and is singing to
text: an audience, Nanging above and behind him is a large
text: mirror approximately the size of a small movie screen.
text: It is tilted slightly downward and distorts the
text: reflection of the back of the i1.C., as well as the
text: faces of his audience.
dialog: uC.
dialog: (continues singing)
dialog: Glucklich zu sehen
dialog: Je suis enchante
dialog: Happy to see you
dialog: Bleibe, reste stay
dialog: Willkommen bienvenue welcome
dialog: Im'Cabaret au Cabaret to Cabaret!
dialog: {speaks with heavy
dialog: German accent)
dialog: ii€ine Damen und Herren ... ‘iesdames
dialog: et Messicurs ... Ladies and Gentle-
dialog: men!
dialog: Sateen ek ane en een ae eer ea OS ; , ae
dialog: 
dialog: Page 2
dialog: Mec.
dialog: (continuing his spiel)
dialog: Guten abend ... bon soir ...
dialog: good evening! ‘ie geht's?
dialog: Comment ca va? Do vou feel
dialog: good? Ich bin euer confrencier
dialog: eee je suis votre compere ...
dialog: I am vour host!
dialog: (he sings again)
dialog: Und sage wee
dialog: Willkommen, bienvenue, welcome
dialog: Im Cabaret, au Cabaret, to Cabaret!
text: As the H.C. addresses his audience, we see that every
text: table has a telephone which connects to the other
dialog: tables, Each table prominently numbered so that the
dialog: customers can call one another, tease, flirt, make
text: assignations. The club, with all its tawdry and
text: p2rverse ambiance is patronized, however, by quite
text: respectabie middle-aged bourgeois. At the bar and at
dialog: one or two of the tables, we see more questionable
text: patrons ... two voung women dressed in men's clothes.
text: Caught in the moment of moving from the lesbians'
dialog: table to more conventional company is ELKD, a very
text: beautiful, but heavily made-up girl in a long lavendar
text: chiffon gown. She greets several customers, It is
dialog: obvious that ELKE is a KIT KAT KLUB employee. We
text: see her pass a SALVATION ARtIY GIPL who is going from
text: table to table, soliciting money. ELXE sniffs dis-
text: dainfully.
speaker_heading: H.C. (cont'd)
dialog: Leave your troubles outside! So
dialog: eee Life is disappointing? For=
dialog: get it! In here life is beautiful
dialog: ee. the girls are beautiful ...
dialog: even the orchestra is beautiful!
text: He crosses to the wings and helps pull on a rolling
text: platform upon which a sleazy ALL~GIRL S5-piece jazz
text: combo is playing a chorus of WILLKOMMEN.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN - DAY
text: Willkommen music under...lose it under train noise.
text: Peering through a window as the train slows, coming
text: into the station, is BRIAN ROBERTS. He is about
text: twenty-four or five. He is excited. He reads the
dialog: station- sign:
scene_heading: “BERLEN, HAUPTDAHNHOF"
dialog: 
dialog: Page 3
scene_heading: INT, TRAIN COMPARTMENT - DAY
text: BRIAN gathering up his coat and suitcase, ith him in
text: the compartment is another passenger, a small rather
text: prim man of about sixty. As the train pulis in, the
text: man carefully folds his newspaper. But not before
dialog: tia have had time to see the date, “March, 1931" on it.
text: The man stands up preparing to quit the train.
dialog: lle has trouble reaching overhead to bring doun a
text: package. Quickly BRIAN, trying to help, reaches up
text: and gets the package for the UAN, but as he does so,
text: the train gives a final lurch and BRIAN knocks against
text: the man. When they straighten up, BRIAN sces that he
text: has knocked the man's toupee badly awry. S5RIAN
dialog: speaks fluent German,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Oh, entschuldigen Sie oitte,.
dialog: I'm so sorry.
dialog: Erlauben Sie, mein Herr.
dialog: (hands the man
dialog: the package)
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: (totally unaware
dialog: of the condition
dialog: of his hairline)
dialog: Das macht nicht. Vielen Danke.
speaker_heading: BRIA
dialog: (cannot let the
dialog: little man leave
dialog: the compartment
dialog: in this condition)
dialog: I say ..e
dialog: (he points slightly)
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
text: (reaches up, suddenly
dialog: understand, laughs
dialog: merrily)
dialog: Kal
dialog: (attempts to straighten
dialog: it ... SRIAN shakes
dialog: nis head)
dialog: Nicht?
text: BRIAN solemnly puts the part in the middle where it
dialog: seems intended to be.
dialog: ar
dialog: oe
dialog: ed
speaker_heading: PE SS ee
dialog: ¥
dialog: 
dialog: Rain De cine ae Ba ee
dialog: Page 4
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: There, Jetzt ist es in Ordnung.
text: The man nods, and they leave the compartment together,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, STATION PLATFORM - DAY
text: BRIAN and LUDWIG walking on platform.
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: (smiles benignly
text: as he hands his
speaker_heading: card to BRIAN}
dialog: The finest rooms in Berlin.
dialog: I live there myselé,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: But I can't afford the finest
dialog: reoms in Berlin,
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: Say only Ernst Ludvig sends you.
dialog: I cannot accempany you as I an
text: passing today through Berlin
dialog: to Stettin,
dialog: (holds out his
dialog: hand; BRIAN smiles
text: and shakes LUDtHIG's
dialog: hand)
dialog: And dear young gentleman, Welcome
dialog: to Berlin! Willkommen!
speaker_heading: CUT TO;
scene_heading: INT. KIT KAT KLUB - NIGHT
dialog: Hc.
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Willkommen, bienvenue, welcome
dialog: Im Cabaret, au Cabaret, to Cabaret!
text: As the number continues, we again see the SALVATIOI
text: ARMY GIRL, She is leaving the club.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. KIT KAT KLUB - NIGHT Giusic Under)
text: THE SALVATION ARMY GIRL, coming out of the Klub
text: entrance, as a boy of nineteen, wearing a Nazi brown-
dialog: shirt uniform (Sam Brown belt, armband with swastika)
text: enters. ile, too, is soliciting funds. He carries a
text: tin can with a slot in it for coins.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 5
text: As they pass each other, he raises his eyebrows
text: inquiringly. The SALVATION ARNY GIRL smiles gently,
text: shrugs ... "so-so" ,.. the shrug implies. The YODUG
text: NAZI takes heart and enters the club. Instantly he
text: is ushered out by the irate manager, viAK.
speaker_heading: LAX
dialog: Enough's enough! First the
dialog: Christers, then you crumbs.
dialog: Iz there's anything left in
dialog: their pockets, I want itl
dialog: Understand?
text: The boy makes a bluffing gesture to strike back, but
text: the manager gives him a kick and the boy hurries off.
text: A SANDICH MAN wearing a placard advertising a rival
text: club, "Venus in Pelz" with a picture of a naked girl
text: wearing a fox fur around her neck, stands watching
text: MAX and the NAZI, The manager now aims a kick at the
speaker_heading: SANDWICH aN.
dialog: Under the foregoing, we hear:
dialog: "Willkommen, bienvenue, welcome,
dialog: Fremde, etranger, stranger ...
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN STREET - DAY (liusic Under - lose it under
dialog: train noise)
text: Lower middle-class residential area. BRIAN, with
text: his suitcase in hand, stands on the doorstep of one
text: of a row of houses, Checks address, then rings bell.
text: There is a moment's wait. At the end of the street,
text: an overhead train passes by. The noise is plainiy
text: discernable at this distance. While BRIAN is consid-
text: ering this, the door opens.
text: Standing in it is a very young girl with a shiny clean
text: face, but wearing a soiled old kimono which she
text: clutches with rather grubby little-girl hands, the
text: fingernails. of which are painted bright green. The
text: girl is SALLY BOULES.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Ja?
speaker_heading: / BRIAN
dialog: Ah, guten tag, Fraulein. Ist
dialog: dies Gas Haus von Fraulein
dialog: Schneider? iKonnte ich sie
dialog: sprechen? Ich suche ein Zimmer.
dialog: 
dialog: . Page 6
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: ~ Well ... Fraulein Schneider nicht
dialog: zu Hause ... uh, so, Sie wollen
dialog: Kormen und warten hier?
dialog: (even we can under-~
dialog: stand that SALLY's
dialog: German ‘is atrocious.
speaker_heading: BRIAN cannot help
dialog: smiling)
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: You're American?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: You're English! How marvelous!
text: (notices his eyes
dialog: on her fingernails;
dialog: wiggles her fingers)
dialog: Divinely decadent! Come in.
dialog: Fraulein Schneider isn't here at
dialog: the moment, I had to send the
dialog: poor old liebling out shopping ...
text: BRIAN moves past her into the house. SALLY closes
text: the door after him.
dialog: I
scene_heading: INT, FRAULEIN SCHNEIDER'S ROOMING HOUSE - DAY
text: SALLY leads BRIAN from the hallway into a reception
text: room, stuffy, shabby and overfurnished. SALLY never
text: stops chattering.
speaker_heading: SALLY (Cont)
dialog: eeee I'mdestitute, but I can't
dialog: possibly grind tne poor like
dialog: old Schneiderkins ... Jew them
dialog: down over the price of eggs,
dialog: which I practically live on
dialog: when I'm broke, ify name's Sally.
dialog: (offers him her hand)
dialog: Sally Bowles.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (taking her hand
dialog: quite formally)
dialog: I'm Brian Roberts.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Have you a cigarette, Brian,
dialog: darling? I'm desperate.
text: Quickly, BRIAN produces a package. SALLY takes one
text: and from her kimono pocket brings forth a ridicu-
text: lously long cigarette holder. She smiles delightedly
speaker_heading: at BRIAN,
dialog: 
dialog: Page 7
speaker_heading: SALLY (Contd)
dialog: Oh, schon, englischen Zigaretten!
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. KIT KAT KLIB - NIGHT - MUSIC UP AND UNDER
dialog: u.c.
dialog: And now presenting ... the
dialog: Cabaret Girls!
text: The GIRLS enter, dancing. There are about six or
text: eight of them. Ail are rather grossly sexy showing
text: a lot of overripe flesh. Heavily made up, even by
dialog: cheap theatrical standards. Their costumes bring to
text: mind the filmy, inadequate covering of George Grosz's
dialog: women.
dialog: i1.C.
dialog: Fach and every one a virgin.
dialog: You don't believe me? Well,
dialog: don't tzke my word for it.
dialog: Go ahead ... ask her! Outside
dialog: the wind blows ... but here it
dialog: is so hot ... every night we
dialog: have the battle to keep the
dialog: girls from taking off all
dialog: their clothing. So don't go
dialog: avay. Who, knows? Tonight
dialog: we may lose the battle!
text: liusic up as the girls. dance.
dialog: cuUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, SCHNEIDER'S RECEPTIO#I ROOLi - DAY (Music Under)
text: Arranged in a self-consciously sexy position on the
text: ratty old sofa, SALLY does her version of Theda
text: Bara with the cigarette holder. It is obvious that
text: BRIAN finds her deliciously foolish.
speaker_heading: / SALLY
dialog: Hy God, I've even begun to
dialog: think in German.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: How long have you been here?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Forever.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: How long is that?
dialog: 
dialog: Page 8
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: Almost three months.
dialog: (BRIA laughs)
dialog: What are you laugning at?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Nothing. Really.
dialog: {his smile is
dialog: utterly disarming)
dialog: Is there a room available here?
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: There's a marvelous room.
dialog: (jumps up)
dialog: Come on, T'1l show you ...
dialog: {at the door)
dialog: You'll adore it!
text: They move down the hall, turn a corner.
speaker_heading: SALLY (Contd)
dialog: Would you like to see my room?
dialog: (flings open the
text: door of a room) .
dialog: There! Isn't it absolutely
dialog: Stately Homes? Fifty marks
dialog: with breakfast. Even when
dialog: you're late with the rent.
dialog: Yould you like a prairie oyster?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, KIT KAT KLUB -,NIGHT (MUSIC UP)
text: The GIRLS are dancing, singing willkommen lyric.
text: Me see ELKE at the bar. The arm of a big middle-aged
text: businessman tight around her shoulder. She gets a
text: look from ilAX. Quickly picking up her cue, she
text: snuggles up to the customer, begs for more champagne.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: CLOSE SHOT SALLY's hands as she cracks an egg into
text: a glass.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Prairie oysters, darling ...
text: PULL BACK to show SALLY and BRIAN in Sally's room,
text: standing beside an open cabinet which contains her
dialog: rather singular provender ... eggs, Worcestershire
dialog: sauce, liquor ... as well as toothpaste and brush
dialog: in another glass. -
dialog: pba trees as redak.
dialog: .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 9
text: Very adroitly, she cracks another egg into the tooth-
text: brush glass from which she casually empties its
dialog: intended contents,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (continues)
dialog: It's an egg with Worcestershire
dialog: sauce all sort of wooshed up
dialog: together ... .
dialog: (She removes the
dialog: long cigarette holder
dialog: from her mouth and
dialog: uses that end of it
dialog: to ‘woosh' up the eggs !
speaker_heading: with the sauce. BRIAN
dialog: watches the operation,
dialog: fascinated)
dialog: I simply live on them. They work
dialog: instantly on even the most sinister
dialog: hangover,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: {hands BRIAN one of
dialog: the glasses, Sus-
dialog: piciousiy, he eyes
dialog: its contents)
dialog: Did you ever knew Elsie Willard?
dialog: In London? The Honorable Elsie
dialog: Willard?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: No. Should i?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Everybody in London knew Elsie.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (good humoredly)
dialog: Actually, I've been doing post-
dialog: graduate work at Cambridge, I
dialog: don't get-down to London too
dialog: often,
dialog: {one last look at
dialog: the mess in the
dialog: glass, then heroic-
dialog: ally, he downs it)
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Marvelous, isn't it!
speaker_heading: BRIAND
dialog: (thought fully)
dialog: Peppennint prairie oysters,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 10
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (Laughs)
dialog: You got the toothbrush glass.
speaker_heading: cuT TO;
scene_heading: INT. KIT KAT KLUB - NIGHT {ilusic up and under)
speaker_heading: GIRLS -
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Wir sayen ...
dialog: willkommen, bienvenue, welcome
dialog: Im Cabaret, au Cabaret, to Cabaret!
dialog: H.C.
dialog: And now to serve you ...
text: WAITERS, BUSHOYS, ENTERTAINERS appear.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: (singing) .
dialog: Willkommen, bienvenue, welcome
dialog: Fremde, etranger, stranger
dialog: Glucklick zu sehen
dialog: Je suis enchante .
dialog: lappy to see you
dialog: Bleibe, reste, stay
dialog: Willkommen, bienvenue, welcome
dialog: Im Cabaret, au Cabaret, to Cabaret!
dialog: curt TO;
scene_heading: INT. SHALL BEDROOM - DAY (MUSIC UNDER)
text: The bedroom is very small, dreadfully cramped and
text: pitifully appointéd, as well as dark.
text: SALLY and BRIAN stand in the doorway. ‘
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: Well, after all, what do you
dialog: need in a bedroom but a bed?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Well then, I need a bigger bed.
dialog: I've got to take in English
dialog: students.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SALLY "
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Oh, you can use my room.
dialog: (takes his hand, :
dialog: pulls him out) '
dialog: Page 11
text: CAMENA HOVES THFIi INTO SALLY'S ROO?!
text: The door is open, i'e can see across the hall to the
text: open door of the other roen,
speaker_heading: SALLY (cont.)
dialog: (gesturing the
dialog: whole setup)
dialog: You see! It's like a suite.
dialog: Anc I'm hardly ever in. In
dialog: the day I'm usually dashing,
dialog: an@ at night, I work until late
dialog: in a Cabarct. And when I get
dialog: through there, I usually go out.
dialog: I mean, I may bring a man home
dialog: occasionally, but only occa=
dialog: Sionaliy, because I do think
dialog: one ought to go to the man's
dialog: rooms, if one can. I mean it
dialog: doesn't look so much as if
dialog: one expected it. So you see,
dialog: you can use this room prac-
dialog: tically all of the time.
speaker_heading: BRIAN -
dialog: How old are you, Sally?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I am rushing toward middle age
dialog: with outstretched arms! I
dialog: embrace the menopause!
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Nineteen. But I've got ancient
dialog: instincts. and I have ese
dialog: perfectly marvelous vibrations
dialog: about you. So you're to move
dialog: right Int okay?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (hesitates only:a
text: Momeni, then smiles
dialog: helplessly)
dialog: Okay.
text: There is the sound of a door opening and closing.
text: Feet in the hallway. SALLY runs to the door to
dialog: check, Turns back, whispers.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (sotto voce)
dialog: It's Praulein Schneider. Now
dialog: let me do the bargaining.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: Page 12
scene_heading: INT, SCHNEIDER'S HALLIJAY
text: SALLY, her arm around the shoulder of a dumpy German
text: woman of about sixty ... still wearing her hat and
text: coat and carrying a bundle.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Liebling! Absolutely the most
dialog: marvelous stroke of luck for
dialog: you! Wy cousin! from London ...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP BRIAN
scene_heading: SALLY'S VOICE OVER
dialog: I'm trying to persuade him to
dialog: take that dreadful little room
text: across the hall ....
text: BRIA smiles, snakes his head in wonder.
speaker_heading: cuT TO;
scene_heading: INT, KIT XAT XLUB - NIGHT
dialog: ENTIRE Company doing big finish,
speaker_heading: ASC. & COMPANY
dialog: (sing)
dialog: Willkommen, bienvenue, welcome
dialog: Im Cabaret, au Cabaret, to Cabaret.
dialog: Direct segue into H.C.'s speech:
dialog: i.c.
dialog: Heine Damen und Herren ...
dialog: Mesdames et Hessieurs ...
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen ... and
dialog: now the Kit Kat Klub is proud
dialog: to present a beautiful young
dialog: lady from America. She is so
dialog: beautiful, so talented, so
dialog: charming that I have yesterday
dialog: said, “I want you for my wife."
dialog: And she said, "Your wife?
dialog: What would she want with me?”
dialog: (a few members of
dialog: the audience laugh)
dialog: I give you: the toast of broadway
dialog: «+. Fraulein Sally Bowles!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: Page 13
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP SALLY
text: Wow her face is made-up, exotic eyes, improbable
text: lashes. She is wearing a red Lias-cut dress with
text: nothing under it. She smiles confidently, and begins
dialog: to sing.
speaker_heading: SALLY'S NUMBER
dialog: (Jew song to be
dialog: written for this
dialog: spot)
text: At the end of SALLY's number, we cut to table near
text: front, BRIAN sits there alone, applauding enthu-
text: siastically, delighted with SALLY.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: SALLY leaving the backstage area, gives a big smile
text: to a hulking young WiAN, This is KLAUS: stage-
dialog: manager - electrician.
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: (cheerfully, but
dialog: firmly)
dialog: That second amber's late again,
dialog: Klaus, darling - I'll be back
dialog: in a few minutes ...
dialog: cur TO:
text: LONG SHOT of SALLY, quickly threading her way
text: through tables behind BRIAN, making certain he
text: doesn't see her. She stops at the table of a dark,
text: good-looking YOUNG ijAN, who rises quickly to greet
text: her. She smiles, sits down, speaks to him. We see
text: her pointing to BRIAN, who is now watching the
text: backstage curtain, in the hope of seeing SALLY.-
text: SALLY grins, picks up the telephone on the table,
text: speaks into the mouthpiece.
dialog: cut TO:
text: BRIAN's table. His phone rings. He is startled,
text: then amused. He answers it.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Hullo? ... Sally? Where are
dialog: you?
dialog: {he listens, then
text: turns around and
dialog: spots table no. 17)
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: cut To:
dialog: Page 14
scene_heading: LONG SHOT SALLY'S TABLE, SALLY waves. BRIAN
text: hangs up, stands, and starts moving toward SALLY.
text: He passes the beautiful ELKE on his way. She boldly
text: reaches out, grabs his hand.
speaker_heading: , _ ELRE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Na, mein Susser?
text: BRIAN smiles, shakes his head; the girl shrugs, turns
text: her attention to a table of three boisterous men.
text: BRIAN moves on toward the grinning SALLY.
dialog: cut TO:
speaker_heading: SALLY'S TABLE
text: BRIAN reaches the table. The dark young man rises
text: quickly, clicks his heels, B8RIAN gives him a smile,
text: but is really eager to congratulate SALLY.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: But you really can sing!
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (beaming)
dialog: I know! Isn't it marvelous!
dialog: Brian, darling, I want you to
dialog: meet Fritz ... my oldest friend
dialog: in Berlin,
text: The two young men shake hands. FRITZ is quick-
text: moving, eager to please.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: At your ‘service, my dear chap.
dialog: Welcome to our city.
dialog: (hands 8RIAN a cara)
dialog: I serve the blackest coffee in
dialog: Berlin. You will pay me a call,
dialog: please, at once,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: I'd@ be delighted. Thank you
dialog: so much,
dialog: They sit, .
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I knew you'd adore each other.
dialog: Fritz, darling, you keep Brian
dialog: cempany while I go back and
dialog: speak to Klaus,
dialog: 1 Page 15
text: During the above, BRIAN's eye has been caught by
text: the exquisite ELKE; who sinuously glides from the
text: businessman's table to the NEM'S ROQii, which she
text: enters, LRiAil's eyes widen a bit. SALLY notices.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (frowning slightly)
dialog: Well, of course she is a boy ...
dialog: but she hates qoing €6 the Men's
dialog: Room. 1 think they're mean to
dialog: make her. She always goes sitting
dialog: down,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: She told me. She's the only
dialog: nice girl in this place ...
dialog: (SALLY rises, gives
text: BRIAN's shoulder a pat)
dialog: I won't be long.
dialog: {she goes)
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: (eying the retreat-
speaker_heading: ing SALLY)
dialog: Eventually I believe I'm getting
dialog: crazy about her,
speaker_heading: (BRIAN siiles, which
speaker_heading: FRITZ sensitively
dialog: takes to be a criti-
dialog: eism of his English)
dialog: I do not myself express correctly?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (ambiguously)
dialog: I take your meaning.
speaker_heading: PRIT2
dialog: (rather pleased, but
dialog: honest)
dialog: On, no, I think you do not, my
dialog: dear chap. Sally and I, we do
dialog: not sleep on each other.
speaker_heading: BRIA
dialog: With. With each other.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Uith, I'm speaking a lousy English
dialog: just now, Sally says you may
dialog: free yourself to give me lessons.
speaker_heading: (HORE )
dialog: Page 16
speaker_heading: “PRITZ (Contd)
dialog: She tells to me, sir, that
dialog: you are from Oxford, a profes~
dialog: sor of language.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (amused at SALLY's
dialog: hustling)
dialog: I'd be pleased to help you
dialog: however I can.
speaker_heading: PRITZ
dialog: Excellent. I have just now time.
dialog: Business is lousy and terrible.
dialog: I make import-expost with
dialog: machineries.
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: It is not reliable.
dialog: (brooding)
dialog: I would like to do something
dialog: reliable. ilake a good marriage.
dialog: It is only sensible. Uon't
dialog: you agree?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Yes, indeed.
dialog: Cur TO:
scene_heading: H.C. ON THE STAGE - NIGHT - DRESSED AS WRESTLING
speaker_heading: REFERED.
dialog: HC.
dialog: (holding up his
dialog: hands)
dialog: And now, Gentlemen ... Gentle-
dialog: women of the audience, a sur-
dialog: prise, The Kit Kat management
dialog: brings to you the winners of
dialog: the Berlin-Oder regional run-
dialog: ners-up to the Pan-German Congress
dialog: of Lady Worstelers ...
text: He beckons and onto the stage is wheeled something
text: like an oversized playpen containing some six inches
text: of viscous mud and two wonen wrestlers standing in
text: the mud. They wear satin tights, high-laced
dialog: classic wrestlers’ boots. ‘Their more than ample
text: bosoms are covered by what appear to be simply men's
text: sleeveless undershirts., The wonen stand, throughout
text: the remainder of the introduction, smiling happily,
text: but modestly, at the audience.
dialog: Page 17
speaker_heading: i1.C. (Contd)
dialog: And so, meine herren, if you
dialog: axe very good, perhaos I might
dialog: arrange for the winner to give
dialog: you a real Pan-Cerman hug!
dialog: Ha, you like that? Sol
dialog: (addresses the wrest-
dialog: lers) ,
dialog: Are you ready, Ladies? Commencez!
dialog: Pour le sport!
text: ‘The drums roll and the ‘ladies’ fall to with a will,
text: bumping, grappling, tearing at each other's under-
text: shirts (fragile fabric). In seconds they are not
text: only stripped to the waist, but also indistinguishable
text: from each other, so richly is the mud distributed.
text: The audience, delighted, howls with laughter and en-
dialog: couragement.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT, STREET APPROACHING OVERHEAD RAILWAY - NIGHT
text: It is very late. The streets are almost totally
text: deserted. BRIAN and SALLY are together, walking.
text: SALLY is still wearing her stage make-up. Over her
text: long dress, she wears a ratty old pony coat with a
dialog: fox collar.
text: The shop windows they pass are poor and dingy and
text: mostly dark. The only lighted one is a pawnshop.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: I want to stay at least a year
dialog: «+. if I can hold out. All the
dialog: great research material is here.
dialog: I'm working on my D. Phil.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Doctor of Philosophy. I'm inter-
dialog: ested in the 19th Century Germans.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (dead pan)
dialog: But aren't they all pretty much
dialog: dead?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: How in the world did you ever
dialog: find your way to the Kit Kat Klub?
dialog: 
dialog: '
dialog: ie
dialog: ably tobe ok retry woo
dialog: cea
dialog: SL ine =
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 18
speaker_heading: SALLY”
dialog: Through the last stage manager
dialog: «es Eric. He was divine and an
dialog: absolutely marvelous lover, but
dialog: he got a job in Keme and aban-
dialog: doned me. .
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Oh, well, Actually my number
dialog: doesn't go too badly, do you
dialog: think?
speaker_heading: 1 PRIAN
dialog: I thought you were astonishing.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (solemnly)
dialog: I am a most strange and extra-
dialog: _ordinary person. I'm going to
dialog: be a very great star, of course.
dialog: (frowns)
dialog: If booze and men don't get me
dialog: first. Do I shock you, darling?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Not a bit. No one ever shocks
dialog: me when they try to.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: {interested)
dialog: Why do you say I'm trying to
dialog: shock you?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: I have an idea you try and shock
dialog: evervone, I think you're actually
text: rather shy and it's just nerves.
dialog: If you claim to go to bed with
dialog: every man in Berlin, you still
dialog: won't convince me that you're
dialog: La Dame aux Camelias ... because
dialog: really and truly, you know,
dialog: you aren't,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: BRIA
dialog: I have ancient instincts.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Oh Bri, you are a darling.
dialog: (they resume walking)
dialog: Isn't Fritz an absolute liebling?
dialog: Page 19
speaker_heading: SALLY (Contd)
dialog: You must stick him plenty for
dialog: the English lessons. We can
dialog: afford it.
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: Somehow I don't think you're
dialog: very good at goid-digging.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (straight- faced)
dialog: But you are.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (righteously}
dialog: Well, at least I try.
text: Coming toward them, on’ the sidewalk, is a strange
text: motorized vehicle, three wheels, a seat and a steering
text: device, It is just large enough to hold the crippled
text: young man who propels it through the dark, steering
text: with one arm, the other, cuddling close to hin, a
text: very old dog wrapped against the night air in a blanket.
text: On the front of the vehicle, fly several small flags,
dialog: one a swastika,
text: As SALLY and BRIAW approach and pass this strange night
text: vision, they do not speak. When it is gone, they
text: resume their conversation.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Where are your parents, Sally?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: My mother's dead. Since I was
dialog: ten. Daddy's in the diplomatic
dialog: service. He's a terrible snob,
dialog: of course ...
dialog: (laughs).
dialog: Strong on appearance because he's
dialog: so short on money. One of those.
dialog: But, actuaily, we adore each other.
dialog: Of course, he'd absolutely pass
dialog: over if he knew what an old whore
dialog: T an.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: How in the world did he ever
dialog: let you come alone to Berlin.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oh, he didn't. that he let me
dialog: do was stay on in London after .
dialog: he got transferred to Rumania.
dialog: Iwas at Rada.
speaker_heading: (HORE)
dialog: Bese Beye ©,
dialog: 
dialog: Page 20
speaker_heading: SALLY (Contd)
dialog: {very British}
dialog: The Poval Academy of Dramatic
dialog: Arts ...
dialog: {assumes a histrionic
dialog: attitude)
dialog: That's where I got so dramatic!
dialog: I was bored to death. You're
dialog: supposed to spend two years
dialog: learning to fence! Anyway, I
dialog: had this mad friend. Elsie?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (nods)
dialog: The Honorable.
speaker_heading: . SALLY
dialog: Well. So I moved in with her
dialog: for a while. Then after she
dialog: died ...
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Died? The Honorable Elsie?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Pills. Poor Elsie, Well, after
dialog: Blsie died, I decided to come
dialog: to Berlin with another actress.
dialog: - She said we'd be able to get filn
dialog: work with the Ufa ... which
dialog: didn't exactly work out. So here
dialog: Iwas. Actually I'm a marvelous
dialog: gold-diger, So ... I slept with
dialog: this guy at the Kitkat ... and
dialog: he got me the job. It pays
dialog: practically nothing ... mostly
dialog: just tips.
dialog: (giggles)
dialog: = wrote Daddy that I was tour-
text: ing with an operetta.
text: (looks up, her face
dialog: lights up)
dialog: Here comes the train! Run! Run!
text: Dragging BRIAN behind her, she sprints for the street
text: under the overhead. She is just in time. As the
text: train rushes by above them, SALLY Opens her mouth and
text: to BRIAN's consternation, screams and screams and
text: screams ... the sound alnost completely muffled by
text: the noise of the train,
text: With the train's passing, SALLY shuts her mouth and
text: smiles beatifically.
dialog: 
dialog: Page 21
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (shaken)
dialog: fly God! What was that about?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I always scream when the train goes over.
dialog: ‘Sometimes I come out and wait espec-
dialog: ially. It's delicious. You must try
dialog: it next time, Let's go home,
text: She once again cozies up to BRIAN's side and walks
text: toward Fraulein SCHNEIDER's.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT, KIT KAT KLUB - NIGHT
text: The street is almost deserted now, Two WAITERS come
text: out, bid each other a hasty good night, go in opposite
text: directions, We are conscious of a shadow moving in
text: tne dark of the next building front. Now, ilAX, the
text: Manager of the Klub, emerges, carefully locking the
text: door behind him. Turning his collar up against the
text: night air, he starts down. the street.
text: Suddenly, out of the shadows, three MEN show themselves,
text: Two of them are wearing civilian clothes, but we
dialog: recognize the third, He is the YOUNG NAZI who was
text: soliciting funds earlier, Soundlessly, the three set
text: upon HAX, one holding him, the other two taking turns
text: hitting his face,
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. KIT KAT KLUB - WIGHT
scene_heading: CRASHINGLY LOUD BAVARIAN MUSIC - SHOW LIGHTS PULL UP
scene_heading: - KLUB AUDIENCE WILDLY ENTHUSIASTIC.
text: The :iC, still in his cabaret make-up, but how wearing
text: shirt and leiderhosen, is performing a traditional
text: Bavarian Slapdance .,, upon an unidentifiable GIRL
text: PARTNER; he smilingly administers face and body
text: Slaps in time to the music. The comic violence
dialog: of this dance should play in juxtaposition to the .
text: inter-cut scenes of realistic violence. ilusic cuts
text: off on each quick cut to the mugging.
scene_heading: QUICK CUT TO:
text: ilAX, being knocked to the ground, bloody, but silent
text: still, as the iN.5IS begin to kick him brutally,
scene_heading: QUICK CUT TO:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: EES SSS aT
dialog: Page 22
text: Shot of MC's feet in sturdy Bavarian boots as his
text: feet continue the rhythm of the Slapdance,
speaker_heading: QUICK CUT To:
text: Shot of NA2ZI's feet, kicking MAX,
speaker_heading: QUICK CUT To:
text: Smiling mc, dancing, slapping, stomping, .
scene_heading: QUICK CUT TO:
text: On the music's last beat, the YOUNG NAZI aims one
text: final kick at MAX, who rolls over in silent anguish,
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: INT, BRIAN'S ROOM - DAY
dialog: 
text: BRIAN, dressed in slacks and Shirt, sits up in his
text: bed, surrounded by books and papers; There is a knock
text: on the door,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (without looking up)
dialog: Used up all the hot water again, :
dialog: I daresay ... a
text: The door Opens timorously. LUDWIG enters, He is
text: dressed for the street, very dapper, carrying hat,
text: gloves, large briefcase, his toupee bravely centered,
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: Herr Roberts?
text: BRIAN jumps ... it is impossible to extricate
dialog: himself from the Papers,
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: Please, you will not trouble
dialog: yourself, I am not convenient?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: No. I mean you are convenient,
dialog: I'm delighted to see you,
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: So, ,
text: (reaches into his coat
dialog: for a card which he
speaker_heading: hands to BRIAN)
dialog: My business card,
dialog: 
dialog: Page 23
speaker_heading: ‘ BRIAN
dialog: (reads the card)
dialog: Yo. are in publishing?
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Literature is my life's passion.
text: (a deep sigh of
dialog: satisfaction)
dialog: So. I come to you, my dear young
dialog: gentleman, because I see that
dialog: you are clever and industrious,
dialog: ja? And I say, perhaps there is
dialog: some writing talent,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Oh, no ... I'm afraid not ...
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: (presses right on)
dialog: Perhaps not great creative talent
dialog: «+e. how many have that? .., but
dialog: enough for transiating, perhaps.
dialog: You are perhaps interested? To
dialog: make some money?
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: He has anticipated BRIAN's interest and begun to
text: unlock, unsnap, unfasten his formidably secure
text: briefcase. He hands. BRIAN a small bound volume.
text: BRIAN takes it, reads the title page, begins to leaf
text: slowly through a portion of the text.
speaker_heading: LUDWIG (cont)
dialog: The good translator must feel
dialog: the language ... the delicacy
dialog: of expression ... and he must
dialog: bring, of course ... enthusiasm,
dialog: Ja, Enthusiasm! Feeling!
text: BRIAN reads a bit here, a bit there. Finally he
text: looks up.
speaker_heading: LUDWIG (cont)
dialog: Can you do this, young sir?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: I'd like to try.
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: (de lighted)
dialog: Splendid! Splendid!
speaker_heading: (HORE)
dialog: Nie
dialog: FSS ete eRe era een
dialog: 
dialog: Page 24
speaker_heading: LUDWIG (cont)
text: (stands, holds out his hand,
dialog: which BRIAN takes, They
dialog: shake)
dialog: Fifty marks for this. More, of course,
dialog: for longer works,
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT, SCHNEIDER'S RECEPTION ROOM
text: SCHNEIDER is finishing the telling off of a young
text: woman, KOST. KOST is not bad looking, a little heavy,
text: badly dressed, She is furious,
speaker_heading: SCHNEIDER
dialog: I warn you no more ...
speaker_heading: . KOST
dialog: I pay my rent like everybody else!
dialog: Who comes to my room is my business ...
speaker_heading: SCHNEIDER
dialog: (implacable)
dialog: But no more business with sailors,
dialog: No German sailors, no French Sailors,
dialog: no Japanese sailors ..,
speaker_heading: kOSsT
dialog: tir, Kamajuri is not a sailor.
dialog: He is a very high-class
dialog: businessman, :
speaker_heading: SCHNEIDER
dialog: High-class businessmen, yes.
dialog: Sailors,'no.
dialog: turns to go)
dialog: Last warming.
text: KOST flounces out the opposite exit,
dialog: cur TO:
text: INT. HALLWAY NEXT TO BATH
text: KOST angrily knocking on door,
speaker_heading: KOST
dialog: You've been in there an hourt
dialog: Other people in this house pay
dialog: rent too, you know,
text: The door opens and SALLY emerges in a cloud of
dialog: steam,
dialog: Page 25
speaker_heading: * SALLY
dialog: I'm sorry, Fraulein. I was just
dialog: having a lovely soak, then I decided
dialog: to wash my hair,
dialog: kost
text: fas she pushes past
dialog: SALLY into the bath)
dialog: No consideration!
text: She slams the door, SALLY shrugs, hugs her warm body
text: happily, moves down the hall,
dialog: cuT To;
scene_heading: HALLWAY CUTSIDE BRIAN'S ROOM
scene_heading: WED CLOSE-UP SALLY
dialog: Ye see an idea beginning to take hold, she stares
text: at the door, grins.
dialog: Cut To:
scene_heading: INT. BRIAN'S ROOT
text: BRIAN, still in bed, deeply immersed in the book
text: LUDWIS has left him, ‘There is One sudden loud pound
text: on his door, then SALLY bursts in, hugging herself,
text: Shivering, BRIAN looks up, frowning.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (shivering pitifully)
dialog: I'm freezing! Tug me! Quick!
dialog: Body warmth! That damned water
dialog: heater! Freezing, freezing! °
dialog: Hug met
text: She throws herself against BRIAN who carefully moves
text: her away from his papers before he begins methodically
text: slapping and rubbing her arms and back, SALLY allows
text: this for a moment, shivering encouragingly. She
text: this close, quivering girl's body). SALLY grins
text: mischievously, snuggles against him,
speaker_heading: SALLY (cont)
dialog: Hug! Tight. Tichter!
text: {BRIAN obeys.” SALLY
text: looks up at him)
dialog: Bri, darling, don't be so literal,
text: (She tiptoes up, kissés hime
text: The kiss lasts a bit longer
dialog: than a moment ... it is returned
speaker_heading: (HORE)
dialog: 
dialog: Page 26
speaker_heading: SALLY (cont)
text: but not passicnately,
dialog: It is SALLY who pulls
dialog: away. She regards BRIAN
dialog: with interest)
dialog: You're very polite, Bri. I kiss
dialog: you, You kiss me back, Now what?
speaker_heading: BRIAN |
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Now I return to work and you go
dialog: get dressed,
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: (sits down on bed in
text: front of BRIAN. Stares
dialog: up at him)
dialog: The hot water didn't really run
dialog: out, darling. Under this robe I'm
text: all warm and rosy and tingling.
dialog: {reaches up, pulls
dialog: at his shirt)
dialog: What are you under this?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (still trying to kid)
dialog: Cool and pale, Very little tingling
dialog: under British broadcloth,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Bri, darling ...
dialog: (hesitates, stares
dialog: at him)
dialog: It occurs to me eae
speaker_heading: BRIAN :
dialog: (trying to ward off
dialog: whatever it is that
dialog: might be occurring
dialog: to her)
dialog: I really must get on with my work,
dialog: Sally.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (plunging in)
dialog: But, I mean, let's be absolutely
dialog: frank. Maybe you just don't sleep
dialog: with girls,
dialog: '
text: BRIAN is paralyzed between two reactions ..- anger,
dialog: and, in his case, perverse attraction -~ there is a
text: pause as he controls himself,
dialog: Page 27
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (after pause, pressing
dialog: on)
dialog: Oh, you don't, do you?
speaker_heading: BRIAW
dialog: (finally)
dialog: Actually, I don't,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: {apologizes)
dialog: Gee, I'm sorry! Bri, I just
dialog: didn't get it, you know. I mean
dialog: it's sohard for Americans to
dialog: tell with Englishmen, Whether
dialog: they're queer or just well-bred.
speaker_heading: PRIAN
dialog: (a rather thin smile)
dialog: The conditions do occasionally
dialog: overlap,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Well, just for the record ..,
dialog: are you put off by all female
dialog: bodies, or just_mine? Is my
dialog: bedy ghastly to you?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: {can't help smiling)
dialog: You know your body's beautiful,
dialog: Sally.
speaker_heading: . SALLY
text: (quickly opens the robe
dialog: to examine herself
dialog: eritically)
dialog: “Do you really think so, darling?
dialog: It does have a certain style.
text: (takes BRIAN's hand,
dialog: puts it on her stomach)
dialog: Very flat here and not much hips ...
dialog: rather boyish, actually ...
speaker_heading: BRIAN
text: (retrieves his hand,
text: Ne is quite shaken, but
dialog: determined not to show it)
dialog: This is an extremely banal seduction
dialog: scene, Sally, You'll forgive me if
dialog: I don't play it,
dialog: Page 28
text: SALLY looks at him speculatively for a moment, then
text: ties her robe back up. At last she grins.
speaker_heading: ‘SALLY
dialog: Well, I just thought I'd try.
dialog: You might have been tempted ...
dialog: and It would be so convenient ...
dialog: Oh, Bri, darling, don’t look Like
dialog: that! I promise I won't pounce
dialog: again, Please don't be angry.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (can't help laughing)
dialog: I'm not. It isn't convenient.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (delighted with BRIAN's
dialog: laugh)
dialog: I do adore vou, Bri, You're my very
dialog: best friend, and it's much harder
dialog: to find friends than lovers.
dialog: (philosophically)
dialog: Sex always screws up a friendship
dialog: if you let it,
text: (puts her arms around
dialog: BRIAN's waist affectionately)
dialog: So we just won't let it, Okay?
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP BRIAN
text: His face above her head, A rather sad smile. He
text: leans down gently, kisses her head,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (nuzzled@ against him)
dialog: Okay? .
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Okay, Sally.
text: The sound of a young tenor is heard singing a capella
text: (unaccompanied) as BRIAN puts his cheek tenderly
text: against SALLY's hair,
speaker_heading: TENOR (over)
dialog: (sings)
text: The sun on the meadow is summery warm,
text: The stag in the forest runs free,
scene_heading: | DISSOLVE TO:
text: CLOSE UP OF "YOUNG TENOR"
speaker_heading: TENOR
dialog: {choral group under)
text: But aather together to qreet the storm,
dialog: Page 29
text: Pull back to reveal a choral group of young men, They
text: are performing in the entrance rotunda of the
dialog: Charlottenberg Palace for the benefit of the Palace
dialog: sight~seers,
speaker_heading: TENOR AND GROUP
dialog: Tomorrew belengs to me,
speaker_heading: “CUT TO:
dialog: HED, SHOT SALLY AND BRIAN
text: They are in. another part of the rotunda, BRIAN
text: seated on a bench engrossed in a book, SALLY standing
text: beside him listening to the choir,
scene_heading: TENOR AND GROUP (over)
text: The branch of the linden is leafy and green,
text: The Rhine gives its gold to the sca.
text: SALLY reaches over and closes BRIAN's book.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Brian, don't be impolite -- listen.
scene_heading: TENOR AND GROUP (Cont over)
text: But somewhere a glory awaits. unseen
dialog: Tomorrow belongs to me,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: WED. SHOT OF CHORAL GROUP
speaker_heading: CHORAL GROUP :
text: The babe in his cradle is closing his eyes,
text: The blossom embraces the bee,
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - SALLY AND BRIAN LISTENING
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: They're great!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: HED. SHOT OF CHORAL GROUP
speaker_heading: CHORAL GROUP
text: But soon says a whisper, arise, arise
dialog: Tomortow belongs to me,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: Page 30
scene_heading: EXT, CHARLOTTENBERG PALACE GROUNDS - DAY
scene_heading: SALLY AND BRIAN UALKING - BRIAN A‘fCEMPTING TO READ -
speaker_heading: iUSIC OVER
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL CHATEAU ON PALACE GROUNDS ~ LAT
text: RUNUING DOWN TO A- SHALL POND
text: SALLY and BRIAN mount steps to terrace of chateau.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THO SHOT - BRIAN AND SALLY
text: - They cross to the terrace balustrade. BRIAN seats
text: himself on the balustrade ~ SALLY stands. Both
text: face up trying to take advantage of the meager
text: sunlight. After a moment, BRIAN resumes reading.
speaker_heading: CHORAL GROUP (Over)
dialog: Tomorrow belongs to me.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: THO SHOT - SALLY AND BRIAN - (lUSIC OVER)
text: SALLY competes for BRIAN's attention by joining the
text: song. He closes the book and listens.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (sings euding with
dialog: offstage choral group)
dialog: Tomorrow belongs to us,
dialog: (speaks)
dialog: Isn't this marvelous! we're
dialog: terribly good for Gach other,
dialog: aren't we darling? You're so
text: dreamy and inteliectual, and an
dialog: absolute infant about money --
dialog: while I've got drive and
dialog: practicality ..%
text: BRIAN looks up, startled by the idea of SALLY's
text: practicality, then delves back into his book, which
dialog: annoys SALLY,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oh for Pete's sake, you've had your
dialog: nose stuck in that boring old book
dialog: all day,
dialog: (she closes it again)
dialog: Page 31
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: For your information, this boring
dialog: old book is earning us fifty
dialog: Marks .we6
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Fifty marks!
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: I'm doing a translation for Herr
dialog: Ludwig, I've been working on it
dialog: for a couple of weeks.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: You never told me! Fifty marks!
dialog: Oh, darling! We're richi Stinking,
dialog: reeking rich!
text: (she grabs the little book
dialog: from him, reads the title)
dialog: "Cleo, Die Dame Mit Der Peitsche"
dialog: I don't get it.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
text: It's about a lady named Cleo who keeps
text: helpless German businessmen cruelly
text: chained to pony carts and whips them
text: bare-assed through snowbound Bavarian
dialog: villages, Uphill.
text: SALLY stares at him, slowly comprehending. Then she
text: laughs uproariously.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: You're working on a dirty book?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (smugly)
dialog: Top that for practicality.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: Int. SALLY'S ROOM - LATE DAY
text: The room is unnaturally tidy. BRIAN is alone, wearing
text: a jacket and a tie. He is reading Hein Kampf, At
text: a point, he says, "Christ!" and slams the book down,
text: stands up, takes a deep breath, checks his watch,
text: There is a soft knock,.
dialog: cUT TO:
scene_heading: CLOSEUP FRITZ'S BEAMING FACE.
dialog: “ee - Page 32
speaker_heading: PRITZ
dialog: (cheerfully)
dialog: Fraulein Schneider says I cannot
dialog: come in, vut here you see me, yes?
text: WIDEW SHOT to include the dark visage of SCHNEIDER.
text: SHE and FRITZ stand in doorway to SALLY's room.
speaker_heading: SCHNEIDER
dialog: I told him, Herr Roberts,
speaker_heading: (to FRITZ)
dialog: Herr Ruberts erwartet heute
dialog: eine Dame,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: It's alright. Do come in, Fritz,
dialog: How have you been, Fritz?
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: I think the world is lousy. or
dialog: I pulloffa new deal in the next
dialog: month, or I go as a gigolo,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (automatically)
dialog: Either -- or,
speaker_heading: PRITZ
dialog: Either-or, eventually, there is no
dialog: business, “tho do you expect?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: A new pupil, A girl ... Natalia
dialog: Landauer,
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: Landauer? Of the big department
dialog: store? How did you mect a
dialog: Landauer?
speaker_heading: BRIAN :
dialog: I had a letter of introduction,
dialog: from England.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: The Landauers are enormously
dialog: wealthy,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (nods agreeably)
dialog: Stinking,
dialog: te
dialog: Page 33
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: (after a highly charged
speaker_heading: look at BRIAN)
dialog: Will you marry her?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Ne? Wo, of cours2 not,
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: Do you want her?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Only as a pupil.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: Then if I should meet her and
text: perhaps make a pass after her,
dialog: you would not mind?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: But you haven't seen her,
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: Why would that make a dif ference?
dialog: I tell you, Brian, I need money.
dialog: Ultimately, business must come
dialog: first, I suppose she is a Jewess?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Ch, yes,
speaker_heading: PRITZ
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Well, there is always something,
dialog: "e hear the front door ring.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: That will be Watalia,
text: (smiles teasingly at FRITZ)
dialog: Actually, she's very pretty. And
dialog: quite intelligent,
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: How do I look?
text: (gets out a comb, rushes
text: to mirror, laughs at
dialog: himself)
dialog: You will help me to arrange the
dialog: marriage. settlement?
dialog: Page 34
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: {anused)
dialog: New do you know she will have you?
speaker_heading: PRILZ
dialog: (still a bit of humor)
dialog: All women will have me.
text: The door opens and SALLY enters,
speaker_heading: SALLY .
dialog: I forgot my key, thy Fritz, darling!
dialog: {goes to cabinet)
dialog: T must have a drink .., this minute ...
dialog: (the cupboard is almost
dialog: : bare)
dialog: Oh, God. Only gin ...
dialog: (takes the bottle)
speaker_heading: BRIAN .
dialog: Sally, Natalia Landauer is due
dialog: any moment ...
dialog: (pleads)
dialog: Can't the drink wait? I do rather
dialog: need her, We need her,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (stares at the bottle)
dialog: It's a question of what comes first,
dialog: darling, Miss Landauer or my
dialog: desperation, I have had the most
dialog: difficult ...
text: Once more, 'JE hear the front doorbell ring.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Sally, please. Natalia's very
dialog: young, She's been very protected,
dialog: So please don't ...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (indignant)
dialog: Bri, I may have my little faults,
dialog: but don't carry on as if I were
dialog: white-slaving virgins to Latin
dialog: countries!
speaker_heading: (to FRITZ)
dialog: Honestly!
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: And keep your fists clenched!
dialog: Those bloody green nails!
dialog: Uhat's more, they're grubby!
dialog: Page 35
text: There is a knock on the door,
speaker_heading: WATALIA (V.0.)
dialog: Herr Roberts? Ich bin es, Natalia
dialog: Landauer,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CLOSEUP SCHNEIDER
text: SCHNEIDER is beaming.
speaker_heading: SCHNEIDER
dialog: Ja, gnadiges Fraulein. Er erwartet
dialog: Sie, Bitte sehr,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Opening door, SCHNEIDER stands formally to one
text: side to allow NATALIA to enter,
speaker_heading: SCHNEIDER
dialog: (announcing proudly)
dialog: Fraulein Landauer, Herr Roberts!
scene_heading: likD. CLOSEUP WATALIA
text: She is a very pretty girl, about SALLY's age, but
text: looking younger, although her manner is very serious,
dialog: very formal. Very German.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: {goes tn ner)
dialog: Fraulein.
dialog: {takes her elbow)
dialog: These are friends of mine.
dialog: Miss Bowles, Fraulein Landauer,
dialog: and Herr Wendel, Frauelin Landauer,
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: (beaming and clicking
dialog: his heels)
dialog: Sehr erfreut, gnadiges, Fraulein!
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Fraulein Landauer has come here
dialog: for conversational English, Fritz,
dialog: So we will all speak English,
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: I am so charmed, Gearest Miss.
dialog: Page 36
text: NATALIA bows again, then shakes hands with SALLY. As
text: she shakes with her right, SALLY places her left
text: hand at her neck, pretending to adjust her collar,
text: actually using the gesture to provocatively spread
text: her fingers, the better to show off the green-colored
text: nails, NATALIA notices, blinks,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: How do you do?
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: I am well, TI have had a
dialog: cold, but it is better now.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Such a bore ... sneezing and
text: sniffling ...
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: This was a cold in the chest,
dialog: Not in the head, All the plegm
dialog: was here,
text: {points to her chest,
dialog: which is noticeably more
text: generously proportioned
dialog: than SALLY's)
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: All the what?
speaker_heading: NATALIA
text: The plegm that comes into the tubes.
speaker_heading: BRIA
dialog: (his face perfectly straight)
dialog: , °
dialog: eee ae te Py
dialog: 
speaker_heading: WATALIA
dialog: Ah. Then there is a rule, You
dialog: will give it to me please.
text: SCHNEIDER now enters with a coffee tray, It is
text: quite elegant, with little pastries and little
text: serviettes, When SALLY notices this, her eyebrows
text: rise. SCHNEIDER serves NATALIA first, with a
text: murmured, deferential "Gnddges Fraulein", To SALLY's
text: annoyance, FRITZ also hovers excessively around
speaker_heading: WATALIA,
dialog: Page 37
speaker_heading: SALLY
speaker_heading: (ta NATALIA)
dialog: Rules? Oh, dear,
dialog: {laughs merrily)
dialog: You can't’ learn English by rules.
dialog: It's total anarchy, English.
dialog: Isn't it, Brian, darling?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
speaker_heading: (to NATALIA)
dialog: There are many rules, but there are
dialog: also many exceptions.
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: So? Then I'm sorry,
text: (opens her eyes
dialog: mockingly)
dialog: I cannot help you.
text: At this other strange pronouncement, FRITZ and SALLY
text: stare at NATALIA, Only BRIAN understands NATALIA's
text: way of speaking. He smiles at her.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Very well, I shall help you.
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: (for the first time,
text: she really smiles. It is
text: an enchanting smile, even a
dialog: little mischievous)
dialog: Good. We shall see.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: (beaming)
dialog: Will you.allow me to pass you a
dialog: cake, dearest Miss?
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: Thank you no. I do not eat between
dialog: meals, And no sugar, neither, Just
text: plain black coffee.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: (hovering over NATALIA)
dialog: That, too, is how I like it, Black,
text: black, black, like Otello,
text: SALLY cannot bear all this attention on NATALIA. She
dialog: turns to BRIAN,
dialog: Page 38
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oh, Bri, did I tell you? I saw
dialog: a film the other day about
dialog: syphilis .., two awful ... I
dialog: wouldn't let a man touch me for
dialog: aweek! Is it true you can
dialog: get it from kissing?
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: oh, yes.
speaker_heading: (to BRIAN)
dialog: And your King, Henry the Eighth,
dialog: caught it from letting Cardinal
text: Wolsey whisper in his ear,
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: That is not, I think, founded in
dialog: fact, But kissing, most decidedly,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: And towels and hairdressers and
speaker_heading: CUPS eee
dialog: (sets hers down)
dialog: Really, Brian, darling, Haven't you
dialog: . anything more bracing than coffee?
dialog: I mean, darling, if you only knew
dialog: what I've been through this
dialog: afternoon,
speaker_heading: {beams at NATALIA)
dialog: I expect Brian has told you about me.
dialog: I'm an actress. I spent all
text: afternoon making love to an old Jew
dialog: producer who's promised to give me
dialog: a contract,
text: BRIAN and FRITZ freeze, WATALIA merely regards
dialog: SALLY as she would 4 strange declension,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (locks from one to
dialog: the other)
dialog: Oh, dear, Have I shocked Fraulein
dialog: Landauer?
speaker_heading: (to NATALIA)
dialog: I'm so sorry.
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: No, I am not to be shocked.
dialog: (staunchly)
dialog: It is true I am a most bourgoise
dialog: young woman, but not Victorian,
dialog: No, Wow I must go, I think,
dialog: (vises)
dialog: Page 39
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (distressed)
dialog: But your hour isn't nearly over,
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: I will pay for all the hour,
dialog: But now I must meet with my mother,
speaker_heading: | FRITZ
dialog: Please, may I accompany you?
speaker_heading: 7 NATALIA
dialog: My dear young man, I am not sixty
dialog: years old, and I can go home
dialog: unmolested by myself,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (quoting)
dialog: "Bin weder, Fraulein, weder schon,
dialog: Kann ungeleitet nach Hause gehen,"
speaker_heading: WATALIA
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: From "Faust",
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: What does it mean?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: It means, "I am not a virgin, and
dialog: ZT am not beautiful, and I can go
dialog: home alone,"
speaker_heading: SaLLy
dialog: (regards NATALIA with
dialog: interest)
dialog: Not a virgin?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: For heaven's sake, Saliy, Natalia
text: is quoting poetry,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: TUO-SHOT, BRIAN AND NATALIA
text: WATALIA Straightens her coat, puts out her hand to
speaker_heading: BRIAN.
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: It has been a most interesting
dialog: time. lost educational,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: wa
dialog: Int,
dialog: Page 40
scene_heading: BRIAN'S BEDROOM ~ LAYE DAY
text: SALLY is curled up on the foot of BRIAN's bed,
text: BRIAN is propped up at the head, a book in front of
text: his face. He is speaking to her, but does not lower
dialog: the book,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: --- because you're a bitch and a
dialog: brat, that's why.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (indignant)
dialog: I went out of my way to be nice to
dialog: her!
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (lowers his book to
dialog: glower at her)
dialog: Haven't you any small talk except
dialog: fornication and syphilis!
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (swooningly)
dialog: I adore syphilis!
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (not amused)
dialog: And incidentally, Natalia Landauer
dialog: is Jewish,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: You're just furious because I was
dialog: having sex with another man, You're
dialog: jealous,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Jealous!
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: You hate the idea of Klaus, too,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (coolly)
dialog: liay I remind you, Sally dear, that it
dialog: is not my pleasure to lay sexual claim
dialog: to you. I am most assuredly not
dialog: jealous,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Haybe not jealous, but you're possessive,
dialog: es
dialog: Page 41
speaker_heading: BRIAW
dialog: (regards her fishily)
dialog: Only to the extent that we are
dialog: friends, and it pains me to have a
text: friend who reveals herself to be
dialog: a stupid, prejudiced little
dialog: provincial,
dialog: (his expression changes
text: slightly, softens as he
text: sces her mouth begin to
dialog: tremble}
dialog: in any event you were lying. You
dialog: didn't sleep with anybody this
dialog: afternoon,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: How did you know?
speaker_heading: . BRIAN
dialog: Oh, Sally. You are so transparent,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Brian, do you know, I think you
dialog: really do love me? You care
dialog: about me,
dialog: (BRIAN almost smiles)
dialog: Do you think she'll come back?
dialog: Natalia?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Probably, She's intellectual,
dialog: She'll decide it's her duty to
dialog: understand you.
speaker_heading: . SALLY
dialog: What on earth was Fritz up to? Is
dialog: he after her?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: She's very rich, you know,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Nell, he'll never get anywhere with
dialog: a girl like that ... hovering over
dialog: her and mewing! The only thing
dialog: that works with that kind of girl
dialog: is to make a ferocious pounce,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ‘BRIAN
dialog: T vannot imagine anyone pouncing
dialog: on Natalia,
dialog: Page 42
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: No, darling, ‘That's why it's so
dialog: effective, .
text: (she flings herselz on
dialog: him ... demonstratively)
dialog: Say you adore me!
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Never!
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (her hands around his
dialog: throat as if to throttle)
dialog: So? Then I am sorry. I cannot help
dialog: youl!
text: (they laugh and roll about
dialog: like puppies until SALLY
text: is pushed to the floor)
dialog: \ CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT, TIERGARTEN - DAY ,
text: Obviously a cold, rather windy day. WATALIA and
text: FRITZ, walking together, NATALIA warmly, sensibly
text: clad ... sturdy walking shoes, warm stockings, a
text: knitted tam and scarf. She is a vigorous walker,
text: enjoying the fresh air, the cold, the exercise.
text: Her checks are rosy. Her eyes shine.
dialog: FRITZ is obliged to make an occasional skip to keep
text: up. He is suitably dressed for the outing.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: (reciting, with as much
dialog: emotion as NATALIA's
dialog: pace will allow)
dialog: evcceseseee Gem, der nicht mehr liest,
dialog: sich auf die Augen legen, di er schliebt,
dialog: {leoks to her for approval.
dialog: Her look is noncommital)
dialog: ‘die er schliebt' ... is it not a lovely
dialog: phrase? For you, Natalia, I write such
dialog: things,
speaker_heading: NATALIA
text: It is lovelier still in English.
speaker_heading: PRITZ
dialog: Rut in English I am not sufficient
dialog: for composing love-lyrics., You
dialog: must be satisfied with German,
dialog: Page 43
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: (straight-faced)
dialog: I have English sufficiéntly, Now
dialog: dow does it go?
dialog: (frowns, pretending to
dialog: concentrate)
dialog: ‘Verzauberte: wie kann ... kann .,.!
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: (encouraging)
dialog: "...kann der Cinklang zweier...!
speaker_heading: NPTALIA
dialog: (nods)
dialog: So. In English I give you.
dialog: -'Enchanted one: how shall two vhosen words
dialog: Achieve the harmony of the pure rhizius
dialog: Which in you Like a signal comes and gous?
dialog: From your forehead the leafy lyre climbs...'
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: (stricken)
dialog: Watalia.
speaker_heading: . WATALIA
dialog: (relentless)
dialog: ‘And all your being moves in sure accord,
dialog: Like those love-lyrics whose words softly
dialog: flow;
text: Rose petals laid upon the closed eyelids
dialog: Of one grown weary, who no longer reads...!'
text: (looks at the deflated
text: FRITZ, laughs, teasing)
dialog: You are a thief from Rilke, I cannot
dialog: help you!
text: She runs up a hill, looking back at FRITZ, laughing.
text: He chases after her, slipping, tripping on the rough
dialog: terrain.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: Watalial
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT, TIERGARTEN BOATHOUSE = DAY
text: The boathouse deck cleared of boats for the winter.
text: SALLY sits on a bench alone, smoking cheerfully, the
text: long holder, the high-heeled shoes making no concession
text: for the occasion, NATALIA, closely followed by FRITZ,
text: emerges running from the woods.
dialog: Page 44
speaker_heading: NATALIA’
dialog: Good day, Fraulein! And where is
dialog: Brian?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: We decided to meet here. I had to
dialog: rehearse with that clot, Klaus, so
dialog: I thought I was certain to be late
dialog: but naturally Brian....
dialog: (indicates the absence
speaker_heading: of BRIAN)
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: My dear, Sally, You are looking
dialog: most delightful, ‘
text: A little out of breath, he bends over SALLY's hand,
text: thinking perhaps to chastise the teasing NATALIA,
text: NATALIA only checks her watch,
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: (the Games-mistress)
text: It is fifteen minutes from the hour,
dialog: We will walk to the bridge...over...
text: and around the other side from the
text: lake. Fifty minutes one way, forty-five
dialog: the other, We will be most healthfully
dialog: benefitted.
speaker_heading: : SALLY
dialog: (genuinely enthusiastic)
dialog: It sounds marvelous. I feel better
dialog: already,
text: She sees BRIAN approaching from the path,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Here's Brian. Hello, darling,
dialog: We're all waiting,
text: BRIAN's thin. overcoat is hunched around him, the
text: collar turned ineffectually up against the wind,
text: There is a newspaper thrust into the outer pocket of
dialog: his coat, He looks the very picture of an
text: intellectual turned rudely. out-of-doors,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (rather wanly)
dialog: IT suppose this is a good idea?
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: (sternly)
dialog: You do not juad, I think, a healthy
dialog: life,
text: She starts to lead the way,
dialog: Page 45
dialog: SALLY, very much in the
text: Spirit of the day, falls in beside NATALIA, bravely
text: marching along in her high heets,
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: Come, We yo thig way.
text: (NATALIA vigorously slaps
text: her own arms, rubs them)
dialog: Ye make circulation, Circulation
dialog: benefits all extremes, You will
dialog: see,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (thought fully)
dialog: I had a gym teacher once, named tiiss
dialog: Keister.” She tried to make me blow
dialog: my nose on toilet paper,
text: As the two girls march ahead, BRIAN and FRITZ are
text: forced to follow sees actually, FRITZ is glad of a
text: Chance to drop back and talk quietly with BRIAN,
speaker_heading: PRITZ
dialog: Brian,..,
dialog: (pulls pack to let the
dialog: GIRLS get even further
dialog: ahead)
dialog: Brian, I want to talk to YOuUssee
dialog: (nervously biting at a
dialog: non-existent hangnail)
dialog: Tt is about Natalia, Brian, I
dialog: Cannot get anyvhere with that
dialog: girl, TI.have Spent money on her.
dialog: Money I have not got. I write her
dialog: pocms, Great poems, She laughs
dialog: at me,..Brian..,.
dialog: cur To:
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP BRIAN
text: He smiles,
dialog: Cur TO;
text: BACK OF NATALIA and SALLY, BRIAN's POV.
text: NATALIA strides purposefully along. SALLY catches
dialog: her heel,
text: UE sec, rather than hear her ‘Damn!
scene_heading: ; FRITZ*S VOICE OVER
dialog: Brian, it is not even the money anymore,
dialog: I want her ang she will not have me,
dialog: Page 46
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP FRITZ
speaker_heading: FRITZ (cont)
dialog: I kiss her and it is like my aunt,
text: She is beautiful, and she is untouched,
dialog: By me or anybody,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: TWO-SHOT BPrraN and FRITZ
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Sally says you ought to pounce,
dialog: Knock her down, throw her on
dialog: @ couch, or something,
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: (profoundly shocked)
dialog: You cannot mean that!
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Sally's rather knowledgeable in these
dialog: areas,
dialog: cuT To;
scene_heading: NATALIA'S BACK, FRITZ'S pov
speaker_heading: FRITZ :
dialog: But mein Gott! To attack Natalia!
dialog: It is madness,
dialog: t . Cur to:
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE uP BRIAN
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (judiciously)
dialog: Wot necessarily, Women are bloody
dialog: Peculiar, you know.
scene_heading: SALLY'S VOICE OVER
dialog: Damn!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: TWO-SHOT SALLY and °TALIA
text: NATALIA leans SOlicitously over SALLY who has,
text: thanks to her high heels, now fallen to her knees,
text: BRIAN and FRITZ rush to her rescue,
dialog: Page 47
dialog: _“™
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Are you alright?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (crossly) -
dialog: Of course, I'm alright. I'm just
dialog: utterly exhausted, that's all,
dialog: “@ must have walked ten miles!
dialog: Hy feet are destroyed!
speaker_heading: CUT TO;
text: CLOSEUP WATALIA'S shocked face,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Come on, Fritz, we'll have to lend
dialog: support to Princess Lilyfoot,
text: To NATALIA's shocked disapproval, BRIAN and FRITZ
text: (FRITZ sending pleading looks of apology at NATALIA)
text: Gach take one of SALLY's arms and proceed to half-
dialog: lift, half-walk her along. This mode o
dialog: f transportation
dialog: is quite acceptable to SALLY,
speaker_heading: 4 ’ NATALIA
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: Hein Gott,
speaker_heading: CUT To:
scene_heading: EXT. TIERGARDEN THE PAVILION
text: It is closed, NATALIA, by now rather grim, marches
text: forward followed by the groaning SALLY, and the, by now,
text: heavily burdeneed FRITZ €and BRIAN.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I can't ‘go on, you'll have to
dialog: send a litter!
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: lo (finds a spot for
dialog: . SALLY to sit)
dialog: Sit here,
text: SALLY sits, rises precipitously,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: wn
dialog: ily Godt It's ices
dialog: “se
dialog: Page 48
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: (sternly realistic)
text: It is already. April.
text: BRIAN takes the newspaper from his coat, places it
dialog: for SALLY to sit on,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Here, Now shut up and sit.
text: SALLY almost does so, but just as she is cautiously
text: placing her bottom on the newspaper, BRIAN remembers
text: something and speedily withdraws it from under her
text: essleaving her with her posterior hovering uncertainly
text: about two inches above the cold surface,
speaker_heading: BRIAN (cont)
dialog: Here! I forgot! Didn't you say
dialog: your father is with the American
dialog: Embassy in Rumania?
speaker_heading: "SALLY
dialog: (who is not at all up to
dialog: reading the newspaper)
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: BRIAN .
dialog: Then, I think he must be in Berlin,
text: (SALLY¥'s eyes pop open)
dialog: There's some sort of big meeting....
dialog: the Baltic states....they're all
dialog: at the Adlon.
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: (abruptly straightens
text: up, her aching foot
dialog: forgotten)
dialog: Uhat'll I do?
dialog: (stares around at the
dialog: others)
dialog: Let's get out of here!
text: She starts at a clip down the path. FRITZ and
text: WATALIA look at each other, BRIAN grins, They follow.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CLOSEUP SALLY'S HANDS
text: They are being frantically divested of the green
dialog: polish,
text: EXT.
dialog: Page 49
speaker_heading: SALLY'S VOICE
dialog: efor lunch tomorrow, And I told
dialog: him I was bringing you. Oh, thank
dialog: God for you, Bri....
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: TWO SHOT SALLY and BRIAN
text: She is taking the polish from her fingernails, BRIAN
text: is holding the polish remover bottle for her,
speaker_heading: SALLY (cont)
dialog: «you're so respectable looking!
speaker_heading: CUT TO;
scene_heading: BERLIN STREET = DAY
text: SALLY and BRIAN walking, It is a totally transformed
text: SALLY. Scrubbed, demure in a dark dress with a white
text: collar, gloves..,clutched rather than worn over the
text: pristine nails,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I'm not acting a part.
dialog: insistently)
dialog: You simply don't understand.
dialog: I adore him and he adores Me ..
dialog: He absolutely worships me.
dialog: And he just has this: Kind of
dialog: «+eelittle girl image of me....
text: SALLY and BRIAN, have come to the Adlon; In order
text: to enter, they must pass through a small Communist
text: picket line, The pickets march in orderly fashion.
text: They carry anti-American signs, most of them in German
dialog: «+eOne or two in English.
text: BRIAN gives them a short, interested look, SALLY,
text: oblivious, chaltters'on and they pass through and enter
dialog: the hotel, .
speaker_heading: SALLY (cont)
dialog: That's the way the thinks of me,
dialog: T'm just....
text: (lamely, as she disappears
dialog: into hotel)
dialog: His Sally, His little Sally.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: “
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Page 50
scene_heading: CLOSE UP iiR. BONLES SPEAKING
scene_heading: MR. BOWLES
dialog: eeelmy little Sally.
text: CAMERA FULLS BACK to show that we are in a very
text: grand hotel dining room. BRIAN, SALLY, and MR.
text: BOWLES are at luncheon, HR. BOWLES is a rather
text: florid, terribly well-groomed man, with a rather
dialog: abstracted manner, All the time he is talking about
dialog: SALLY, it is as if she were a problem in diplomatic
dialog: procedure, although he gives her regular and
text: measured little smiles and pats.
speaker_heading: UR. BOULES (cont)
dialog: (in a tone that is meant
dialog: to be banteringly
dialog: affectionate)
dialog: Living in Berlin and launching a
dialog: screen careér! A German screen
dialog: career!
speaker_heading: (to BRIAN)
dialog: Fatherhood is certainly the most
text: bewildering of man's pursuits,
dialog: Roberts,
dialog: {back to SALLY)
dialog: ell, my dear... what can I say?
dialog: Are you happy here?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oh, yes, Daddy, I am, I adore it,
speaker_heading: uk, BONLES
dialog: And how are you progressing with the
dialog: language? One assumes that
dialog: you're aiming for the talkies,
dialog: (smiles teasingly)
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: I've been working terribly hard...
dialog: (brightening) :
dialog: And I do have a gift for languages,
text: HR, BOMLES gazes benignly at SALLY for a prief moment,
text: then snaps his finger at a waiter who has been
dialog: hovering:
scene_heading: | HR. BONLES
dialog: {to waiter)
dialog: Gnaedige Frau wird bestellen,
dialog: (hands SALLY the menu)
dialog: Order for us, my dear, In German,
dialog: Co
dialog: Page 51
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (lamely)
dialog: But I don't know what you want,
dialog: Daddy.
speaker_heading: HR, BOULES
dialog: Whatever you think will please us,
dialog: Sally.
dialog: (twinkles at BRIAN)
dialog: "We bow to your judgement of things
dialog: German,
speaker_heading: ‘ SALLY
dialog: (bravely taking up a menu)
dialog: All right.
dialog: . CUT TO:
scene_heading: iED. CLOSE SALLY
text: She takes a deep breath and plunges in. Her German
dialog: is obviously atrocious.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT WAITER
text: Pen poised over his order pad -- completely bewildered
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE GALLY -~ finished ordering.
text: She airily dismisses the waiter, who is still
dialog: largely in ignorance of what has been ordered, His
dialog: English is excellent, but the pigeon~German in which:
text: SALLY has ordered, defeats him. HE looks to MR.
text: BOWLES for instruction, HMR. BOWLES indicates that
text: the lady's order is to be fulfilled. Regardless.
text: Once the bewildered waiter is out of sight, MR.
text: BOWLES laughs.
speaker_heading: WR. BOULES
text: (wiping his eye from an
dialog: excess of merriment)
dialog: Oh, Sally, my dear child, What am I
dialog: to do with you?
dialog: (to BRIAN, who has sat
dialog: stoically through this
dialog: dreadful exchange)
dialog: ‘there the child got this extraordinary
text: hee in her bonnet about being an actress
dialog: is quite beyond me. Of course she's
dialog: my little Sally, and I wouldn't change
text: a hair on her head or a feature of her
dialog: 
dialog: ec
dialog: Page 52
speaker_heading: MR, BOULES (cont)
dialog: dear little face... :
dialog: (another brief beam
speaker_heading: at SALLY)
dialog: Of course, I'm her father. And
dialog: deeply prejudiced,
dialog: (a pat of the hand)
dialog: Still...,it hardly is the face of
dialog: a great actress,
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: (in a small defiant
dialog: voice) ia
dialog: Sarah Bernhardt was hideous, but
dialog: she was a great star and had
dialog: hundreds of lovers and was
dialog: fascinating.
speaker_heading: MR, BOULES
dialog: (coolly)
dialog: Bernhardt had very little choice
dialog: but to be "fascinating". She was
dialog: an illegitimate Jewess.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (mildly)
dialog: And had only one leg.
text: UR. BOWLES gives BRIAN a quick look, decides they are
text: on the same side, tR. BOULES gives him an appreciative
text: chuckle, turns to SALLY:
speaker_heading: MR. BOULES
dialog: We trust you're not considering
dialog: amputation in the pursuit of your
dialog: career!
text: The WAITER arrives with their first course. HR.
text: BOWLES takes one look and raises his eyebrows
text: humorously.
speaker_heading: MR. BOWLES (cont)
dialog: Oh, dear, dear, dear. Well, I think,
dialog: if you don't mind, Sally, that I,
dialog: perhaps, should order the wine!
text: (snaps his fingers at
speaker_heading: the HEAD \JATIER)
dialog: Bitte, bringen Sie mir die Neinkarte,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, SALLY'S ROOM - LATE DAY
text: SALLY is furiously, messily splattering the green
text: polish back over her nails. She is almost incoherent
dialog: ste we eee
dialog: She looks
text: Stares at
dialog: Page 53
dialog: x
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: The bastard! I hate him! It's
dialog: always like that. I do everything
dialog: T can to please him and he treats
dialog: me like the village idiot! The
dialog: ugly village idiot!
dialog: (looks desperately
speaker_heading: at BRIAN)
dialog: I really do hate him!
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: No, you don't, Sally. It's just
dialog: that you're so disappointed. When
dialog: we're away from them for very long,
dialog: we always forget how maddening they
dialog: are. We forget because we do so
dialog: need to love them.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Admit he's a phony and a stuffed
dialog: shirt!
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Well, you're a bit of a phony too.
dialog: Putting on those clothes ...
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Even cleaning your fingernails.
text: at her now-green-again nails, then defiantly
text: her image in a mirror.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Actually, I'm rather marvelous look-
dialog: ing...I mean I've grown up to be
dialog: rather marvelous looking. And I am
dialog: see a little bit fascinating. ~~
dialog: (defiantly) :
dialog: Even if I'm not Jewish and crippled...
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (relieved to have
dialog: her confidence re-
dialog: turning)
dialog: You are a strange and extraordinary
dialog: person, Sally,
speaker_heading: _ SALLY
dialog: You're damn right I am!
dialog: (she has obviously
dialog: had a piercing insight)
dialog: But I've never let him know it! The
dialog: poor darling old duck, he's hatched
dialog: a swan and it's time he knew it!
dialog: 
dialog: Page 54
text: She begins to move like lightning...pulling her most
text: sophisticated dress from the wardrobe, yanking off the
text: white-collared number...then rushing to the dressing
text: table where she sits down and begins expertly, swiftly,
dialog: making up her Face,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Where-are you going?
speaker_heading: : SALLY
dialog: Back to the Adlon,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Sally ...
dialog: (he hesitates)
dialog: Sally, I wonder if this is wise...
text: SALLY draws, with total concentration, and great pre-
text: cision, an exotic line on one eyelid,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY - LATE DAY
text: SALLY, our SALLY, stands at the PORTER's desk,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: But I'm Mr. Bowles’ daughter.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: (he has heard this
dialog: one before)
dialog: I'm sorry, Fraulein. The Gelegates
dialog: are in a meeting, It is impossible
dialog: to interrupt them,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: When will the meeting be over?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: The limousines are ordered for five
dialog: o'clock, Fraulein, There is, I
dialog: believe, a reception at the American
dialog: Embassy ...
text: qauy glances up at the great hotel clock...it is
dialog: 4:15...
speaker_heading: SALLY :
dialog: Then they'll come out through the
dialog: lobby. I'll wait here.
speaker_heading: CB EEEEEDDES'’S
dialog: Page 55
text: She gives the PORTER the old SALLY BOWLES knock-'em-
dialog: dead smile,
text: fingered hand., The clock Says 4:55, SALLY gives a
text: deep, impatient sigh, Suddenly, we see her catch
text: sight of Something, She sits up, tilts her head
text: prdvocativels. takes a deep puff from the cigarette
dialog: holder,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: GROUP OF MEN coming down the grand staircase. There
text: are about twenty of them. It is quite obvious who
dialog: are the important ones and who the flunkeys, MR.
text: listens carefa Oo a comment that is passed back
text: to him, through, two other men; he takes out a gold
text: pencil and a small leather covered notebook and
text: assiduously writes whatever it is he has been in-
dialog: structed to write,
dialog: cut TO:
text: SALLY. She smiles her most enchanting SALLY BOWLES
dialog: Smile,
speaker_heading: cuT TO;
text: DIPLomaTs, The important men are now well into the
text: lobby. rR, BOWLES still has not noticed SALLY,
dialog: CUT To;
scene_heading: MEDIUM SHOT SALLY AND SOME OF THE MEN
text: One or two of them give her a look, a faint smile,
text: Her gaze is so obviously fastened on Someone ...
dialog: possibly one of their group? ... that one of the
text: Se€cond-in-commang glances back to see where the
text: girl's attention is fixed, BOWLES still has not
text: noticed SALLy, The Second-in-command realizes that
text: this outrée young girl is Waiting for either BOWLES
text: or his nearest companion, The higher-in-command dip-
text: lomat nudges his nearest companion, smiles, indicat-
text: At this moment, BOWLES Spots his daughter,
text: SALLY, BOWLES* POV, stands with one hand negligently
dialog: Page 56
text: holding the cigarette prop, the other hand dramatically
text: caresses the base of her throat,
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
text: SALLY's green fingernails holéing long cigarette
dialog: holder,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP BOWLES
text: He sees her, his eyes narrow in shock, his mouth
dialog: tightens,
dialog: t
speaker_heading: cuT To:
speaker_heading: SALLY _
text: She takes a step toward him, smiling happily.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: BOWLES
text: He shakes his head warningly, now obviously very
text: angry. He turns to the man beside him.
speaker_heading: BOWLES
dialog: (sotto voce)
dialog: Excuse me for a moment, Johnson,
dialog: I'll have to attend to this.
text: He stalks off toward SALLY.
dialog: cur TO;
text: TWO SHOT SALLY AND BOWLES
speaker_heading: BOWLES
dialog: (a low furious whisper)
dialog: ++-Most outlandish outfit I ever saw!
dialog: Like some cheap little streetwalker!
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: IT shall have to think up a pretty
dialog: good one to explain this,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: You could say I'm your daughter,
speaker_heading: BOWLES
dialog: I could, But I won't, Whatever
dialog: you've got yourself up for, it cer-
dialog: tainly is not as my daughter. Now
speaker_heading: (MORE) —~ ~—
dialog: 
dialog: Page 57
speaker_heading: BOWLES (cont)
dialog: Please leave this hotel, I'l get
dialog: in touch with you later,
text: He turns on his heels and rejoins his company... .moving
text: quickly to catch up with them at the door of the hotel.
dialog: cut To:
text: INT, HOTEL LOBBY DOORS LOOKING OUT TO STREET - LATE DAY
text: SALLY stands inside the hotel, looking out, The PICKETS
text: are still pacing up and down in front of the hotel. No
text: one pays the slightest attention to them. SALLY looks
text: past them, sees her father, still studiously ignoring
text: her presence, unctuously holding the door for his
text: superiors, then getting into the car himself and being
text: driven off, Without ever one backward glance at SALLY.
dialog: '
speaker_heading: curT TO:
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP SALLY
text: Her face absolutely still, showing nothing.
dialog: Cur To:
scene_heading: INT. SALLY'S ROOM - DUSK
text: The room is without artificial light. We can, at first,
text: barely see SALLY, curled up into a small, miserable
text: ball on the bed. BRIAN sits beside her, trying to com-
text: fort her. She is erying bitterly, Her make-up is
text: smeared, her hair a wreck,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (sobbing and choking)
dialog: Diplomat: He's nothing but a two
dialog: bit pen-pusher-door-opener-ass=
dialog: kisser! That's all he is no matter
text: how many wine stewards he snaps his
dialog: fingers at .... he's nothing and he's
dialog: ashamed of me, so what does that make
dialog: me!
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: His superior in every way, Sally,
dialog: darling.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (cries out piteously)
dialog: Oh, Bri! He's never loved me! No-
dialog: body's ever really loved me ...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: Page 58
speaker_heading: SALLY (cont)
dialog: everybody abandons me! Every man
dialog: I've ever known!
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: I won't abandon you, Sally.
text: She turns over, throws herself into his arms, sobbing
text: convulsively. He holds her tight.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: I promise I'll let you abandon me.
text: SALLY gives a shuddery little sound, somewhere between
text: a laugh and a sob.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: ' You. really are marvelous, you know
dialog: «.eyou're bright and funny and
dialog: generous and talented..,and beau-
dialog: tiful...
speaker_heading: | SALLY
dialog: (tremulously)
dialog: Beautiful?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: Very.
text: She looks up at him, Their faces are close together.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Bri ...
text: He bends his head to her and kisses her gently cn the
dialog: lips.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (through the kiss)
dialog: Bri ...
text: Slowly, slowly the kiss becomes more intense ...
text: BRIAN's eyes shut tight ... it is like a dream into
text: which he slowly drifts as he and SALLY sink back onto
text: the bed into the great German feather quilt and the
dialog: lark,
speaker_heading: cuT TO;
scene_heading: FULL HEAD CLOSEUP - SALLY
text: She is singing a wildly exuberant song, Pull back to
text: reveal that she is performing in the Kit Kat Klub.
dialog: Page 59
dialog: (New song to be written for this spot.) The number
dialog: will be staged as a vocal and dance so that the fol-
dialog: lowing intercut sequences will not disrupt the per-
dialog: formance flow,
text: At some point in the number we see that BRIAN is seated
text: at ringside and she is singing to him. He looks ex-
text: tremely pleased with both her and himself.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: FULL FIGURE - SALLY - finishing vocal,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: SALLY'S BED - DUSK (music under)
text: SALLY, her back somewhat to us, sits on the bed, She
text: is smoking ... the long cigarette holder her only con~
text: cession to attire, BRIAN lies on his back, slightly
text: propped up by a pillow, SALLY has one foot planted
text: possessively on his chest. He lazily fondles the foot.
speaker_heading: i SALLY
dialog: (smugly)
dialog: It's cbvious you just never slept
dialog: with the right girl, that's all,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (with delight and
dialog: wonder)
dialog: Very obvious,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Tell me about your mother,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KIT KAT KLUB - NIGHT
dialog: SALLY continuing number. This part will be danced ~- -
dialog: choreography will probably require participation of
dialog: others,
scene_heading: MED SHOT - SALLY - at end of this sequence.
speaker_heading: CcuT TO:
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. 2#LLU'S
dialog: 
text: SALLY and BRIAN in bed as before, BRIAN begins tu
text: kiss her knee, working his way down to her foot.
text: Suddenly he pulls back.
dialog: ).
dialog: Page 60
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (accusingly)
dialog: Your toenails are dirty.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: T'm of the earth,...earthy. You
dialog: should be moved by my dirty toenails.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: {grins broadly)
dialog: Actually, I am, rather.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: INT, KIT KAT KLUB
text: SALLY continuing number.
speaker_heading: CUT To:
scene_heading: INT, SALLY'S BEDROOM - DUSK
text: SALLY and BRIAN in bed as before.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Let's get back to your mother.
dialog: What single word describes her
dialog: best? |
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Dominant.
text: They both laugh.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I'm the great turning point in your
dialog: life, darling.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT, KIT KAT KLUB - NIGHT
dialog: SALLY continuing number,
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT, SALLY'S BEDROOM
text: SALLY and BRIAN as before.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I'll never let you go back to men.
dialog: Men are swine, We must never, never
dialog: have anything to do with men.
dialog: Page 61
text: BRIAW laughs.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Be serious. Did you know that I'm
dialog: going to be Faithful to you? I'm
dialog: going to be totally, boringly,
dialog: twenty-four hours a day faithful...
dialog: Unless, of course, it involves a
dialog: film contract ... or something fatal
dialog: like that...and you're going to he
dialog: completely faithful to me. Does
dialog: that scare you?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Yes, it does, Dreadfully.
text: (he shakes his head,
dialog: smiles)
dialog: Which is interesting. because I feel
dialog: SO woe.
dialog: (lovingly mimics her)
dialog: ++seabsolutely marvelous!
text: Pleased, SALLY kisses him.
dialog: : cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. KIT KAT KLUB - NIGHT
text: SALLY FINISHES NUMBER. As she exits into wings, plants
text: a hasty kiss on the cheek of KLAUS. She clicks her
text: tongue and winks, at him, indicating "that was perfect."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: SALLY and BRIAN on dance floor,
text: A happy FAT MAN alone at ringside suddenly decides he
text: wants to dance with SALLY. He rises and cuts in on
text: BRIAN, dancing off with SALLY, Over his shoulder she
text: makes a silly face at BRIAN, points to the sidelines
text: where ELKE stands alonc, pouting, BRIAN grins, gal~
text: lantly asks ELKE to dance, The delighted ELKE and -
text: BRIAN dance rather handsomely together, making much of
text: passing and outdoing SALLY and the happy FAT MAN, until,
text: sweating profusely, he pulls SALLY to his table, hang-
text: ing heavily onto her.
text: BRIAN and ELKE go to another table, BRIAN picks up
text: phone, calls the captive SALLY. (We see this from
text: BRIAN's POV, WE stay at BRIAN's table.) SALLY quickly
text: picks up phone,
dialog: Page 62
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: And how, my love, do you propose
dialog: to get out of those dread clutches?
text: From BRIAN's POV, we see SALLY smile, hang-up the re-
text: ceiver, turn and give the FAT MAN a heavy~1lidded,
text: seductive smile. He leans even closer to her...if
text: possible, He whispers into her ear, She whispers
text: back, As if stung, he draws back from SALLY. she
text: looks disappointed, then shrugs. As if reluctant,
text: she holds up a finger to him, ‘Wait a minute '-gesture,
text: rises, moves quickly to BRIAN's and ELKE's table.
text: SALLY grabs ELKE and pulls ELKE back to present her
text: to the FAT MAN. Both ELKE and the FAT MAN seem to be
text: delighted with the switch. SALLY waves back to BRIAN,
text: turning on her way to give a sad, benedictive little
text: wave to the FAT MAN.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
text: SALLY and BRIAN seated at table.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Very neat. How did you work it?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: I just said I had a touch of
dialog: syphilis.
speaker_heading: BRIAN hoots.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Wait'll he gets a load of what
dialog: good old Elke's got!
dialog: |
text: They begin to giggle helplessly, falling onto the table
text: top, clutching each other.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT,. SALLY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: SALLY and BRIAN in bed. SALLY is awake, smiling to
text: herself in the dark, BRIAN, coming out of a doze,
text: becomes conscious of her wakefulness. He puts his
text: arm under her, pulls her to him,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (sleepily)
dialog: What are you doing awake?
dialog: fe eg
dialog: Page 63
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I'm so happy to be me I can't stand
dialog: to go to sleep and miss any of it!
text: She folds herself happily into his arms.
dialog: cUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT, BERLIN STREET - DAY
text: SALLY walking down the street carrying a small bundle.
text: RK chauffeur-driven limousine pulls up to the curb and
text: aman jumps out, making for a building entrance. SALLY
text: is several steps past the entrance, She has not noticed
dialog: the car or the man. Nor might he have noticed her, ex-
text: cept that something drops from her bundle. The man sees
text: it, hesitates, sizes up the owner, bends and picks up
text: the object. It is a chemise. The man smiles, starts
text: after SALLY, but another object drops and, after a few
text: steps, another. The man follows SALLY along the street,
text: retrieving her laundry.
text: She turns at last into a basement entrance. “Wasehwas~
dialog: cherie,"
text: The man follows her in.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT LAUNDRY ~ DAY
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: {to the laundress)
dialog: Kann ich der Wasche ubermorgen
dialog: zguruckhaben? In a hurry?
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: (to SALLY)
dialog: Fraulein...permit me...
text: He hands her several pieces of intimate apparel.
text: SALLY turns to stare at the man. He is about thirty-
text: six or seven, very attractive, and obviously well-off.
text: SALLY takes this in at a glance. His accent is almost
text: very proper British. SALLY airily accepts her under-
text: clothes, hands them to the laundress, The man hesi-
text: tates, gives her one last piece, a lacy bit df a bra.
text: SALLY accepts it, hands it too to the laundress. Then
text: she turns and rewards the man with her most radiant
dialog: smile and total aplomb,
dialog: Page 64
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I couldn't be more embarrassed,
dialog: I'm Sally Bowles.
text: He manages to bow and click his heels without seeming
dialog: in the least Germanic...his ease in every situation 15
text: as authentic as SALLY pretends hers to be.
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: Baron Lothar von Heune und Regensburg.
dialog: (to the laundress)
dialog: Bitte seien Sie so gut und machen Sie
dialog: die Wasche fur ubermorgen fertig.
text: They walk out of basement into the street.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Car and chauffeur at curb, LOTHAR and SALLY enter shot.
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: My motor is just here ...
scene_heading: ZOOM IN TO:
text: CLOSE UP of SALLY reacting to his obvious wealth with
text: surprised pleasure.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (voice over as she
dialog: reacts with Groucho
dialog: eyebrows)
dialog: Monev!
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
text: CLOSE UP of M.C. with a leering smile.
speaker_heading: MLC,
dialog: (into camera)
dialog: Money!
speaker_heading: CUT TO: °
text: CLOSE UP of SALLY in full stage makeup. Big, miserly,
text: leering grin. .
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (into camera, a growl)
dialog: Money!
text: PULL BACK to reveal SALLY and M.C. on stage at Kit Kat
dialog: Klub, They do a double, (New song to be written about
dialog: wealth.)
dialog: a
dialog: Page 65
text: At the finish of the number, we see LOTHAR, in evening
text: clothes, standing near the bar. He accepts a light
text: from the bartender. ELKE sees him, her face lights up.
text: She moves in.
speaker_heading: ELKE
speaker_heading: (to LOTHAR)
dialog: Sach mal! Wat tust du Teufel hier
dialog: in Berlin?
dialog: (You devill What are you doing in
dialog: Berlin?) .
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: (smiles in recognition)
dialog: Hallo, Elke, Liebling, Du siehst
dialog: wundervoll aus. Munchen vermisst
dialog: dich.
dialog: - (Hello, Elke, darling. You're
dialog: looking lovely. Munich misses you.)
speaker_heading: ELKE
dialog: Munchen can mir am Arsch lecken.
dialog: (Munich can kiss my ass.)
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
text: (sees SALLY coming from
text: backstage, making her way
speaker_heading: toward table where BRIAN
dialog: sits alone)
dialog: Ah...
dialog: (absently to ELKE, panto-
dialog: miming gallantly)
dialog: Kuss d'hand, Liebling...
dialog: (smiles broadly)
dialog: C'est ma petite gamine Americaine....
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT, TASLE IN KIT KAT KLUB
text: While one waiter takes away an empty champagne bottle,
text: a second waiter pours from a subsequent bottle. There
text: is also a fresh bottle of red wine, LOTHAR supervises
text: waiter in mixing the two wines together in the glasses.
speaker_heading: ' LOTHAR
speaker_heading: (to SALLY and BRIAN)
dialog: It is called "Turkenblut." Turk's
text: blood. A famous German drink.
speaker_heading: . SALLY
dialog: {sipping greedily)
dialog: Marvelous!
dialog: Page 66
text: LOTHAR kisses SALLY's hand, smiles into her eyes,
text: until he feels BRIAN's eyes on him. LOTHAR turns.
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: (to BRIAN, chivalrously)
dialog: ‘Servus, my friend.
dialog: They all drink,
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: So, mes enfants, you are, like me,
dialog: adrift in Berlin, I see it as my
dialog: duty plain to corrupt you. Agreed?
text: (puts down his glass,
dialog: mekes a fastidious face)
dialog: The wine is blasphemous in this place
dialog: +e-we'll go to the Kempinsky...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: But, darling! I have to work.
text: LOTHAR smiles lazily. In this, as in all his subse-
dialog: quent excesses, we must never feel that he is showing
dialog: off or behaving in any way that is not natural and
dialog: habitual with him. He is @ispleased or restless,
dialog: ergo, he does something about it.
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: Oh, I shall make an arrangement
dialog: with the management...
text: His expert eye instantly singles out MAX, to whom he
text: beckons. MAX, who still shows effects of earlier
text: beating, quickly starts to make his way toward their
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: I shall buy your freedom for tonight,
dialog: Would that please you, my poor little
dialog: working girl?
scene_heading: CLOSE TWO SHOT: SALLY AND BRIAN EXCHANGING IMPRESSED
speaker_heading: LOOKS
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (rises)
dialog: I'll get my coatt
text: (starts to go, turns
dialog: back)
dialog: Oh, Bri, darling .., that little
dialog: business I mentioned earlier aes
dialog: come back and help me take care of
dialog: it now,
dialog: Page 67
text: BRIAN is bewildered, but her imperious command gets
text: him to his feet, SALLY radiates at LOTHAR.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: We won't be a moment!
dialog: cur TO;
scene_heading: InT. KIT KAT KLUB DRESSING ROOM AREAWAY ~ NIGHT
text: SALLY walking followed by BRIAN, She speaks over her
dialog: shoulder,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: We mustn't let him out of our sight,
dialog: Bri! He can get me in films! And
dialog: YOU sees
text: She stops before an open door and turns back to BRIAN.
text: It is the dressing room of the M.C., who can be seen
text: Seated facing the door, He is wearing a dressing gown
text: and sits with his knees spread apart, somewhat inde-
text: cently, SALLY oblivious to him in B.G.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Well ... he can open doors for you,
dialog: darling. Don't you see
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (amused)
dialog: I can see that you have your usual
dialog: firm grip on fantasy,
text: During the above, the M.Cc. teasingly beckons to SALLY
text: to come in. She suddenly becomes aware of him, turns
text: -and looks at him,
speaker_heading: CUT To:
scene_heading: MED. SHOT M.C.
text: He leers and spreads his knees further apart.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: MED. CLOSE SALLY
text: She studiously ignores him, reaches for BRIAN's arm
text: and walks him toward her dressing room,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Brian, you must take this seriously,
dialog: . , Page 68
text: FOLLOW THEM into her dressing room. She takes her
text: coat from a hook, and starts to put it on. BRIAN
dialog: helps with the coat,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I have the most marvelous vibrations!
dialog: Our. fortunes are made! Just hang on
dialog: tight!
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO;
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN COUNTRY LOTHAR'S CAR TRAVELING - NIGHT
speaker_heading: CUT To:
text: It is late night. As the car, chauffeur-driven, speeds
text: furiously through the dark, we catch a brief glance of
text: SALLY, BRIAN, LOTHAR, all in the back, bundled up in
text: fur rugs against the night air. They are singing
text: lustily, obviously drunk and very happy.
speaker_heading: CcuT To:
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN ROAD MOUNTAINOUS COUNTRY
text: The car approaches the CAMERA uphill, flashes over it
text: at great speed,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: INT, CAR - DAWN
text: As the car continues to speed along, SALLY now sleeps,
text: her head against LOTHAR, her feet curled up in BRIAN's
text: lap. BRIAN smokes, still a little drunk, LOTHAR and
text: BRIAN both stare out at the terraced hillsides,
dialog: t
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: How very beautiful.
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: Some of the vineyards have been
dialog: ours for five hundred years, Others
dialog: we've taken over more recently. I
dialog: am deeply attached to these acres....
text: (smiles, self-mockingly)
dialog: ++-one likes to know where one's
dialog: next bottle is coming from;...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY LEADING TO CASTLE
text: The car approaches a small, turreted, fairytale castle
dialog: a
dialog: 
dialog: . Page 69
dialog: e«.Snow-covered, very romantic,
speaker_heading: cuT TO;
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP SALLY
text: LOTHAR gently awakens her. She lifts her head sleepily,
text: looks out the window, sees the castle.
speaker_heading: : SALLY
dialog: (a sigh of enchantment)
dialog: Ohbh.....
speaker_heading: ‘ CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, CASTLE ENTRANCE HALL - DAY
text: The Hall has great vaulted ceilings with beautiful
text: great exposed beams. The stone of the walls has been
text: Painted white, Above and sucrounding a fireplace are
text: @ collection of matching gazelle horns, delicate and
dialog: beautiful, little golden spirals, The effect of the
text: castle's interior is an extremely sophisticated com-
dialog: bination of fifteenth century provincial grandeur and
dialog: eighteenth century chain... the rugs are eighteenth
text: Scutury French as are the chandeliers and colors.
text: The effect is one of great charm and lightness.
text: _There are occasional bizarre touches.,.at the bottom
text: of an open, winding staircase the banisters end in
text: two great carved, painted leopards, almost life-sized,
text: SALLY stands about eve to eye with one of them. She
text: regards the leopard; the leopara regards her.
dialog: (Note: This description of decor is intended only to
dialog: give an effect of what is wanted...none of the details,
dialog: other than the ieupurus, need be taken literally,
dialog: '
text: LOTHAR speaks to a butler and a maid,
speaker_heading: . LOTEAR v
dialog: No fuss, no fuss...just some break-
dialog: fast...then I think we may need an
dialog: hour or two of rest...
text: He starts up the stairs, pulling SALLY by the hand,
text: smiling encouragement at BRIAN,
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: Come along, mes enfants...a bit of
dialog: wash-up before breakfast. I'11 show
dialog: you to your rooms, -
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: a Ee
dialog: Page 70
speaker_heading: LOTHAR (cont}
dialog: (to the maid)
dialog: And tind a pretty night dress for
dialog: Fraulein Bowles...
text: (touching SALLY's face
dialog: affectionately}
dialog: She has been up very late, and she
dialog: needs a nap.
speaker_heading: (to BRIAN)
dialog: Am T not a proper English nanny?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: SALLY in the room that has been assigned to her. It
text: is enormous, but unexpectedly feminine; pastel and
text: gold baroque. It abounds in mirrors, On the turned-
text: back bed, lies a beautiful chiffon nightdress., SALLY
text: looks solemnly at herself in the multiplicity of
text: mirrors. She giggles, spins around and around and
text: around,..all of the reflected SALLYS spin with her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BRIAN'S ROOM IN THE CASTLE - DAY
text: BRIAN comes out of tha bathroom (also enormous), drying
text: his hands and face. He has sobered up somewhat. He
text: notices a round table covered with silver-framed photo-
text: graphs. He, singles out one...obvicusly young LOTHAR
text: in his World War I uniform...a pilot. He looks as
text: relaxed and at case beside his war plane as he does
text: today...just younger. BRIAN pays close attention to
text: the six crosses on the side of the plane...one for each
text: of six destroyed enemy planes.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Got six of us, did you?
dialog: {puts down the picture)
text: BRIAN looks arocnd the recom wondering whose it is. .
text: Goes to a closst, opens it, It is filled with carefully
text: tended clothes. There is a knock on the coor,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Eintreten, bitte,
text: The door opens, LOTHAR enters. He has changed to
dialog: flannels and blazer,
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: Do help yourself, dear boy.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: Page 71
speaker_heading: LOTHAR (cont)
dialog: (glances around, smiling)
dialog: I daresay those...
dialog: (indicates things in
dialog: closet) .
dialog: Must be mine, This used to be my
dialog: room....before I was married.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Where is your wife?
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: In Cologne for the 'culture'., She
dialog: lends her support to the arts.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: She, in her way. I in mine,
text: (he opens a drawer,
dialog: finds what he wants
dialog: eo..8 Sweater)
dialog: Here we are...you can at least
dialog: dispose of that battered shirt......
text: LOTHAR pitches the sweater to BRIAN. Then leans
text: against the wall with folded arms, smiling. BRIAN
text: has little option but to peel off his shirt and put
dialog: on the sweater,
text: For some reason, taking off his shirt in front of
text: LOTHAR embarrasses BRIAN, and he is as quick about it
text: as he can be. LOTHAR only smiles, Although LOTHAR's
text: attitude toward SALLY is always overtly seductive...
dialog: WE know it, SALLY knows it, BRIAN knows it...there is
text: also something unspoken, more covert, but also plainly
dialog: seductive in his attitude toward BRIAN. WE know it,
text: BRIAN knows it. Only SALLY is blithely unaware. This
dialog: attitude never reveals itself in any word or gesture
dialog: that could possibly be defined as faggoty; it is simply
text: teasing, knowing, challenging. And although BRIAN is
text: far from unsophisticated, in this man's presence he
text: suddenly seems very young. And not a little nervous,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: {as he removes the
dialog: shirt and quickly
dialog: shrugs himself into
speaker_heading: LOTHAR's sweater)
dialog: Did you learn to fly in the War?
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: (evades the question)
text: I_ 3s dragged kicking and screaming
dialog: from my fashionable little cadet
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: ew
dialog: Page 72
speaker_heading: LOTHAR (cont)
text: school and stuffed into a lieutenant's
dialog: uniform. I was terrified of being
dialog: killed...nor had I the faintest ambi-
dialog: tion to kill Englishmen.....the French...
text: He shrugs negligently: ‘Who cares about the French?!
text: He smiles at BRIAN's mirror reflection, BRIAN looks
text: very handsome in LOTHAR's lovely bright-colored
dialog: sweater.
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: +++sbut always I have had this pen-
dialog: chant for Englishmen,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CONSERVATORY - DAY
text: This is a large, sun-drenched conservatory in the
text: Regensburg Castle. We come up on a shot that shows
text: us, in sharp outline, a row of small-scale topiary
dialog: trees. (Topiary is the art of clipping certain shrubs,
text: usually box or yew, into ornamental or fantastic shapes.)
text: These pieces are tubbed and no taller than five feet.
text: They are in the unlikely shapes of various aircraft...
text: mono- and bi-planes, balloons, gliders, dirigibles.
text: These plants are extravagantly detailed, their stubborn,
text: green planthood ruthlessly cut and Clipped and sculp-
text: tured, One of the airplanes is tilted in an Immelman
text: turn...the balloons have little leafy green gas ejectors,
text: the dirigible...properly fat, its nose sharp, its di-
text: rectional controls thin and sharp....seems to sail four
text: feet off the floor,
speaker_heading: LOTHAR'S VOICE
dialog: Topiary is essentially the art of a
dialog: leisurely age...utterly useless, of
text: course, frightfully time-consuming,
dialog: and not inexpensive..,.
dialog: cur To;
scene_heading: MED CLOSE-UP SALLY AND BRIAN
text: BRIAN, in LOTHAR's red sweater, looks fresh and rested,
text: SALLY, although still in the same dress, also looks
text: groomed and pulled together. Now they stare, bemused,
text: at LOTHAR's green aircraft,
dialog: '
speaker_heading: LOTHAR'S VOICE
dialog: But alas, I inherited the compulsion
dialog: from my grandfather....
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: we)
dialog: Page 73
scene_heading: THREE SHOT LOTHAR, BRIAN, SALLY
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: He fancied birds...giant green geese
text: and turkeys..,ten, fifteen feet high,
text: strutting all over the grounds. As
dialog: you see...I have a more....techno-
dialog: logical
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: bent. And, of course, the reduced
dialog: scale is much more difficult....
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: I didn't know the German aristocracy
dialog: had managed to hang on like this...
dialog: T mean...
dialog: (gestures the whole
dialog: thing..,conservatory,
dialog: grounds which can be
dialog: seen through the glass}
dialog: «---like this. .
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: My dear boy, there are today, German
text: noblemen clerking in second-rate
dialog: hotels. I have a cousin on my father's
text: side who is now chauffeur to a @arling
dialog: Hollywood Jew. It is not my father's
dialog: thousand year old name, nor his noble
dialog: blood that enables me to continue
dialog: living like this....
dialog: (con cenplatively)
dialog: 
dialog: My mother was a Sanchez-Schmidt.
speaker_heading: ERIAN
text: (his eyebrows up in
dialog: recognition)
dialog: Argentina.
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: My father was: only ambitious for more
dialog: grapes, He did not foresee the time
dialog: when it would be a great convenience
dialog: to have a bit of foreign reserve,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (dryly, to SALLY)
dialog: Did you know that Lothar greatly
dialog: admires the English? He has adapted
dialog: our understatement.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: A 'bit of foreign reserve' is about
dialog: half of Argentina,
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: t
dialog: 
dialog: Page 74
speaker_heading: BRIAN (cont)
speaker_heading: (to LOTHAR)
dialog: Well, if the Communists take all
dialog: this, you can emigrate,
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: Ah, but it is a family trait to keep
dialog: what is ours.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP SALLY
text: She reacts with wide-eyed interest. ‘The very mention
text: of wealth acts as a potent aphrodisiac. She takes
text: LOTHAR's arm, snuggles close beside him as they walk.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (indicating the plants)
dialog: I've never seen anything so adorable!
text: (twists her neck about,
text: as if having a sudden
dialog: twitch of pain)
dialog: Oh. My neck is all stiff...somebody
dialog: give it a little rub, please,
text: The 'somebody' is obviously meant to be LOTHAR, against
text: whom she is pressed, LOTHAR turns her about so that
text: he can get to the back of her neck. Tenderly, gently,
text: he massages.,,SALLY moans pleasurably. All the while,
text: LOTHAR smiles provocatively at BRIAN, baiting him some-
text: how. BRIAN does not react, LOTHAR bends over, kisses
text: the back of SALLY's neck.
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: Shall I buy you for another night,
dialog: Cinderella?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (pain forgotten, she
text: turns happily to LOTHAR)
dialog: Marvelous!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: CLOSE-UP BRIAN
text: His face completely enigmatic,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CASTLE, GRAND SALON = NIGHT
text: The room is lighted by many candles and by the light
dialog: 
dialog: ' . : Page 75
text: from an enormous, roaring fireplace.
text: They have long since dined. BRIAN, once again more
text: than a little drunk, stands in a long window, con-
text: templating the night, a drink in his hand, He is
text: wearing the trousers and jacket in which he arrived.
text: BRIAN is restless and unhappy, but caught in some sort
text: of trap, from which he is unable, for the moment, to
text: extricate himself. He is angry with SALLY, but unable
text: to focus his disapproval because he is also frightened
text: of himself, He is strongly attracted to LOTHAR.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: LOTHAR and SALLY bent over a photograph album. SALLY
dialog: ‘ohing-and ahing' as LOTHAR points things out. Sud-
text: denly, LOTHAR looks up, catches BRIAN's unease,
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: Why aren't you interested in my
dialog: childhood, Brian? Come...I'll
dialog: show you the ones on the bearskin
dialog: rug.
text: BRIAN gives a small, rather tight smile, does not move.
text: LOTHAR suddenly speaks to BRIAN, in rapid German.
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: (in German)
dialog: Come! Be a good fellow, You mustn't
dialog: make Sally unhappy.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: {answers in equally
dialog: rapid German)
dialog: How could I, when she has you to
dialog: make her happy?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: No fair! I can't understand when
dialog: you talk so fast.
speaker_heading: LOTKAR
dialog: I'm afraid Brian is bored. We must
dialog: try to entertain him.
dialog: {crosses room to con-
dialog: cealed gramophone)
dialog: Shall we make him a cabaret?
text: He places a record on the machine, winds it, It begins
dialog: to play a tango,
dialog: Page 76
text: With an exaggerated Latinesque bow, LOTHAR holds out
text: his arms to SALLY. Laughingly, she moves into them,
text: and they proceed to kiddingly perform the silly ro-
text: mantic attitudes of the dance. Idly, BRIAN drinks and
dialog: watches.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Marvelous!
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: (eyes again on BRIAN,
text: as he dips SALLY al-
dialog: most to the floor)
text: Brian seems to be bored by simple
dialog: country life,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (pleasantly)
dialog: Not at all,
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: (continues his conver-
dialog: sation with BRIAN,
dialog: never missing a beat
dialog: of the dance)
dialog: No, no,...you are right. To be young
dialog: is to be restless.,.demanding...
dialog: (smiles charmingly
speaker_heading: up at BRIAN)
dialog: So. Where would you like to go if
dialog: you could go anyplace in the world?
text: BRIAN doesn't bother to answer the question seriously
text: ...he shrugs; then, through open doors, he spots the
text: carved leopards, He smiles.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Africa, East Africa.
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: (to SALLY)
dialog: Does Africa call to you too, liebling?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (everything calls to
speaker_heading: SALT.
dialog: Africal
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: (casually, as if pro-
dialog: posing a trip to the
dialog: corner for a pack of
dialog: cigarettes)
dialog: Then let's go. The three of us.
dialog: Page 77
text: BRIAN just smiles. He cannot take this sort of talk
text: seriously. But SALLY gasps with delight.
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: I sce that what pleases Brian,
dialog: pleases you. That's very sweet,
dialog: (to BRIAN, who watches
dialog: all this with an attempt
dialog: at cynical detachment)
dialog: We'll take a boat from Genoa, sail
dialog: through the Suez Canal, and on to
dialog: Mombasa. Then there's a rather
dialog: interesting train overland to Nai-
dialog: robi...We'll have to get busy with
dialog: visas.
text: SALLY stares at LOTHAR as if he had suddenly turned
text: into the aurora borealis, LOTHAR, deeply gratified,
text: smiles back. And now, as BRIAN drinks and watches,
text: LOTHAR and SALLY become seriously caught up in their
text: dance, Both of them move with matched instinctive
text: grace. As they become more and more immersed in the
dialog: music and their own skill and physical propinquity,
text: they forget BRIAN. He is quickly aware of what is
text: happening between them. He downs the last of his
text: drink, and quietly leaves the room, SALLY and LOTHAR
text: de not notice his departure, as they dance on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, CASTLE, BRIAN'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: The room is dark. BRIAN stands at the window which
text: overlooks the subtly lit grounds. The gramophone
text: music can be heard over,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: MED, CLOSE-UP BRIAN ~- SAME ROOM (MUSIC OUT IN DISSOLVE)
text: Lying on the bed in slacks and shirt, The room is ro-
text: mMantically. moonlit. He looks at his watch. It is
text: three A.M. He flings his hand out across the bed.
text: It comes to rest on LOTHAR's sweater, Unconsciously,
text: his hand begins gently fingering the soft fabric,
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: INT, SALLY'S ROOM - DAY
text: BRIAN sits at the table-desk that has come to be his
text: specific territory in SALLY’s room. His books and
text: Papers are spread around him, but his attention is not
text: on them, He smokes and gazes absently at a wall, He
dialog: - Page 78
text: ais once more wearing Lothar's colorful sweater.
text: There are some changes in the room...several vases
text: filled with flowers. On another table sits a tray
text: with new proper crystal glasses and a decanter. A
text: phonograph (new, also) is playing softly.
text: Suddenly, the door bursts open and SALLY enters. She
text: is very smart looking in a new gray squirrel coat and
text: an obviously French hat, her hair expertly coiffed.
text: She carries several packages.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Darling!
text: She throws down the packages and flings her arms around
text: BRIAN's neck, gives him a quick kiss, then steps back
text: so he can take in the coat.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Do you like it? Isn't it divine!
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Divine,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I absolutely couldn't restrain him,
text: she runs back to bed, grabs up the largest box, begins
dialog: to tear it open)
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Wait till you see what we got for
dialog: you, darling.
dialog: {pulls out contents
dialog: of box)
dialog: Silk shirts! A dozen! You can't
dialog: imagine the expense, He wanted
dialog: to get you a fabulous cigarette
dialog: case, but I told him shirts would
dialog: be better...We don't want him to
dialog: think we're golddiggers.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (drily)
dialog: No, indeed.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (still admiring the
dialog: shirts...a thought.
dialog: She frowns)
dialog: Do you think they'll be too warm for
dialog: the trip? You'll definitely need
speaker_heading: (MORE) ~
dialog: Page 79
speaker_heading: SALLY (cont)
dialog: cotton once we get to Africa...
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Oh, well, you can use them sometime.
dialog: (smiles. radiantly)
dialog: And we went back to the travel agency.
dialog: We have definite bookings on. the
dialog: {ship's name) out of Genoa on the
dialog: seventeenth,
dialog: (put off by BRIAN's
dialog: continued silence)
dialog: Well, say something! Are you angry
dialog: about The cigarette case? I just
dialog: thought it seemed more tactful to
dialog: get something like shirts.” Don't
dialog: you think?
speaker_heading: BRIAN .
dialog: I think you're being a stupid little
dialog: slut.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: A little slut, maybe, but not stupid.
dialog: (patiently)
dialog: When we get back, Lothar is going to
dialog: get me into films.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (drily)
dialog: Ho.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: {confident and good-
dialog: natured)
dialog: Ho, yourself,
dialog: (checks her watch)
dialog: Oh, God, you've got to clear out now,
dialog: T got the most m sterious inesnage
dialog: from Natalia, She's coming here to
dialog: see mé. Alone,
text: She gives BRIAN's still rather unyielding cheek a peck;
text: pushes him toward door.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Now stop pouting about the shirts
dialog: or morals or whatever's bothering
dialog: you. Grow up, darling.
text: BRIAN goes silently. When he is out of sight, SALLY
text: has a thought and runs to the door to call after him,
dialog: Page 80
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Listen! Did I tell you we've all
dialog: got to take malaria pills for the
dialog: vip? Isn't that marvelous!
speaker_heading: CUT TO;
scene_heading: INT, SCHNEIDER'S HALLWAY = DAY
text: SCHNEIDER making her way to front door, admitting
text: NATALIA, NATALIA courteously, formally ushered to
text: SALLY's door. NATALIA gives BRIAN's closed door a
text: furtive look. When SALLY opens her door, NATALIA
text: quickly ducks in, SALLY is still wearing the new fur
dialog: coat...very anxious that NATALIA should notice all the
text: signs of her new-found chic,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Hi! This is great! You are abso-
dialog: lutely the first girl visitor I've
dialog: ever hadt
text: NATALIA reacts with a faint nervous smile. For the
text: first time since we met her, NATALIA seems ill at ease
text: with herself. Once in the room, she stands clutching
text: her handbag, unfocused. .
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Sit down, darling. Would you like
dialog: a prairie oyster?
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: (sits...bolt upright
text: in a straight-backed
dialog: chair)
dialog: No, thank you. I am never eating
dialog: between meals....
text: SALLY opens cabinet to expose a fresh and now quite
dialog: lavish supply of liquor,
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: Nor drinking neither.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Thank you,
text: SALLY beams encouragingly as she plops herself onto the
text: sofa, curling up in her new suit and fur coat.
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: it is a very lovely coat, dear Miss
dialog: Bowles, It is new?
dialog: Page 61
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (smiling radiantly)
dialog: I'm so glad you like it. But for
dialog: goodhéss sake, call me Sally.
text: SALLY puts Cigarette in fancy, new gold holder; it is
dialog: as long as the old one,
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: (takes a deep breath)
dialog: Sally ... what I wish to discuss’
dialog: with you ... Fraulein ees Sally ...
dialog: please you will tell me if you have
dialog: seen Fritz Wendel lately?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Not for the last week, actually,
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: I come back from the country two
dialog: days before yesterday, He comes to
dialog: call on me that evening, Fraulein,
dialog: I think I have done you perhaps an
dialog: injustice,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oh? .
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: I have always think of you as a young
dialog: lady who has no control of herself,
dialog: and I have been disdainful of you
dialog: therefrom, I am sorry. I do not
dialog: think I have understood,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (fascinatad)
dialog: How do you mean?
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: IT have think always that I have con-
dialog: trol for myself. Please, you will
dialog: not laugh at me if I tell you some-
dialog: thing that is very personal to me?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: {kindly}
dialog: No, of course I won't,
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: Fritz Wendel has declared love for
dialog: me, and I have not taken him seri-
dialog: ously, because it is all too formal,
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: .
dialog: t
dialog: 1 Page 82
speaker_heading: oo. NATALIA (cont)
dialog: too discreet, Then...two nights
dialog: before last, it is all...al2 changed,
text: She pauses, unable to continue,
speaker_heading: : SALLY
dialog: i (eagerly)
dialog: ¥ It all changed? How?
speaker_heading: CUT TO;
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP NATALIA
text: Her face a mixture of continuing surprise, bewilderment,
dialog: shame, and excitement,
speaker_heading: . NATALIA
text: He throws aside his formality.
dialog: (takes a deep breath)
dialog: His respect for me....
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MED, CLOSEUP FRITZ
dialog: - ‘ |
text: His face is solemn, his eyes probing...none of the
dialog: chronic conciliatory attitudes we have come to expect
dialog: from FRITZ now show themselves,
text: We see that he is seated in NATALIA's home...the library,
text: It is a room of solid bourgeois comforts...rich leath-
text: ers, a deep sofa, many Pillows,
text: Throughout the scene that follows, we see FRITZ always
text: from NATALIA's POV... .NATALIA becomes for us, in effect,
dialog: the CAMERA, What happens to NATALIa, happens to us,
text: We hear NATALIA's voice as she narrates the scene. But
dialog: that is all.
text: PRITZ sits across a chess set from the unseen NATALIA,
text: He does not look at the board, He looks straight into
text: the face of NATALIA/THE CAMERA,
speaker_heading: ‘ NATALIA (VOICE OVER)
dialog: My parents were out...we were playing
dialog: chess...he played stupidly,..he paid
dialog: no attention... he was looking always
text: at me... never smiling...just looking.
dialog: In six moves 1 win...
dialog: “~~
text: FRITZ barely looks down at the board, as NATALIA'’s hand
text: appears in shot and makes final Checkmate move, He
text: shrugs, Returns his dark, intense eyes to NATALIA,
dialog: Pace 83
speaker_heading: JAGALI (VOIC OV£2) (cont)
dialog: It is not pleasant to be so stared at...
dialog: i tell him ne is being rude. At that...
dialog: ne smiles...
text: PRIT2Z gives a faint, am »ignous smile, but does not
dialog: we cease to tool. with meaningful intensity into the
text: face of waTALIA.
speaker_heading: WATALIA (VOICE OVER) (cont)
dialog: The smile...it is somehow worse than the
dialog: stare...
dialog: (takes a preath)
text: Then...then he picks up the cness board
dialog: and...
dialog: . (swallows painfully)
dialog: It is my father's best set. but Pritz
dialog: does not care...
text: FRITZ picks up the board and carelessly puts it on the
text: floor...several men fall, roll off the board. He pays
dialog: no attention, ite is interested only in his erstwhile
text: partner,,.Once rid of the chess board, he now thrusts
text: aside the small table that held it...thus removing
text: o~ the final barrier between himself and WATALIA.
speaker_heading: . WATALIA (VOICE OVER) (cont)
dialog: ile cares for nothing except to...
speaker_heading: TOeee
text: FRITZ now moves in. WE see him coming closer, closer
text: until his face is first directly before us, then he
scene_heading: presses closer and over,,.'E/TIIE CAMERA/NATALIA
text: are under him. FRITZ’ face, implacable, predatory,
text: stares down onto us....we will be devoured.
speaker_heading: WATALIA (VOICE OVER) (cont)
dialog: .».to take me. I have never known a man
dialog: like that...it was...it was...
speaker_heading: SALLY (VOICE OVER)
dialog: Marvelous!
speaker_heading: WATALIA (VOICE OVieR)
dialog: Most upsetting.
text: FRITZ's eyes close,,.his face moves down, down...
text: until it is a blur...we hear his quick breathing
text: faintly under WATALIA's narration.
speaker_heading: JATALIA
dialog: On my father's library sofa! And
dialog: even for that he cared nothing!
dialog: Only that he should take me!
dialog: Page 84
scene_heading: CLOSE UP SALLY
text: her face showing ier total delight with JATALIA's
dialog: story.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Good for Fritz!
dialog: cut To: .'
scene_heading: TWO SHOT SALLY and NATALIA
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: I have never known a man like that,
dialog: It was most disturbing.
text: (visibly pulls herself
dialog: together)
dialog: Of course...finally...I was able
dialog: to make him stop...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: You didn't!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: PRITZ
text: Nis face pulls back cnly enough to show in focus.
text: Ue is still on top of us...he smile triumphantly,
text: lazily, happily. During the remainder of WATALIA's
text: speech, his face goes up and down, in and out cf
dialog: focus, out retaining always the look of sexual
dialog: success,
speaker_heading: WATALIA (VOICE OVER) .
dialog: Do you think I would allow myself to be
dialog: raped jon my father's liorary sofa? That
dialog: i could definitely never allow. Although...
dialog: although I was much...disturbed...
dialog: much...
text: FRITZ'S FACE, up and down, in and out of focus...
text: three or four times as iATALIA’s voice falter in the
text: lie she is endeavoring to tell SALLY.
speaker_heading: WATALIA (VOICE OVER) (cont}
dialog: (finally)
dialog: «disturbed.
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE UP UATALIA
text: her face is flushed, her eves closed. Sne is
text: obviously reliving the moment of her yielding to.
text: FRITZ's sexual ruthlessness.
dialog: Page 85
speaker_heading: NATALIA
text: (her eyes still closed,
dialog: she whispers)
dialog: And now, I cannot sleep. I cannot
dialog: sleep.
dialog: (opens her syes, they
dialog: are filled with tears...
dialog: of distress and lenging)
dialog: So you must tell me. Please.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: But what am I supposed to tell you?
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: I wish to know, please, if I should
dialog: marry him. ily parents tell me no.
dialog: . They care for me. They think only of
dialog: me, and they do not care for him.
dialog: and he is not Jewish, I have always
dialog: wished to warry a Jewish man, but
dialog: now £ do not care. I truly do not
dialog: care about that, Only I think perhaps
dialog: there is something of Herr 'lendel...
dialog: something of him.,.something wrong.
dialog: And that therefore I should not
dialog: marry him. You will advise me, please?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (rather taken aback
dialog: and touched by this
dialog: solemn confession)
speaker_heading: TALL ceveeee
speaker_heading: UATALIA
dialog: Yat, please?
speaker_heading: SALLY .
dialog: Yell, I....I really don't know what
dialog: exactly, But I don't really think
dialog: he's...your kind. I don't think you
dialog: ought to marry him....since you ask
dialog: me like that, point-blank.
speaker_heading: WATALIA
dialog: I really do not think so, too.
dialog: (a pause, then calmly)
dialog: But I think if I do not, that perhaps
dialog: I will kill myself. .
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Don't be silly. Of course you won't.
dialog: Page 86
speaker_heading: WATALIA
dialog: I do not think vou know me, I do
dialog: not think I know myself.
dialog: (begins to cry quietly)
dialog: Um Gotteswillen! “that is there to do
text: with one's life, all of a sudden.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (stares at this honest
dialog: and deeply felt distress
text: in dismay. At last she
dialog: offers...)
dialog: Golly. Do they have Jewish nuns?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, URIAW'S BEDROCL! WIGHT
text: BRIAN is in bed, asleep or awake...we don't know.
text: Tne door opens quietly, and SALLY, in pajamas and
text: carrying a bottle and two glasses,enters. She puts
text: the wine down on the bedside table and crawls into
text: Led with BRIAN, hugging up against his back.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (whisrering)
dialog: Bri...I'm nome.
dialog: {no response from
speaker_heading: BRIAN)
dialog: Aren't you glad? Bri?
text: He turns over, wide avake and looks into her face.
text: She kisses him tenderly, then lies back, thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Bri, t keep thinking about
dialog: Watalia,
dialog: (very serious)
dialog: Can you imagine, darling...all that
dialog: misery from just one little pounce!
dialog: (she puts her face into -
text: his shoulder, shivers)
dialog: Thank Sod, we're not like that.
text: BRIAN doesn't answer. SALLY sits up and pours two
text: glasses of wine, hands one to BRIAN. They drink,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: {at last)
dialog: Did Lothar come to the club?
dialog: ‘.
dialog: Page 87
dialog: I told iim to go
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: napoil.)
dialog: I wanted to be with you.
speaker_heading: BRIAN .
dialog: (a small unreadable smile)
dialog: Poor oid Lothar.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: ivery sure of herself,
dialog: of her hold over LOTHAR)
dialog: He's really rather weak, you know...
dialog: terribly sensual. What you don't
dialog: understand, uri, is the power of a
text: woman's body over a man like Lothar.
dialog: Ke'd do anything for me.
dialog: (sips ner wine contentedly)
dialog: And you know, darling, I do rather
dialog: adore him, I mean that. I really
dialog: do.
dialog: (giggles)
dialog: I can hardly afford not to. He's
dialog: going to make me a star...
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: That's really a lot of rubbish,
dialog: Sally. Lothar isn't going to make
dialog: you a star.
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: (sits up indignantly)
dialog: What do you mean by that?
speaker_heading: BRIAW
dialog: That's simply not how people
dialog: become stars, Teople become
dialog: stars by years and years of hard
dialog: work and discipline...not by
text: larking off on insane trips with
dialog: characters like Lothar.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (reduced to the idiom
dialog: ef childhood)
dialog: A fat lot vou know, That is precisely
dialog: how you get to be a star. I've been
dialog: waiting for years....
speaker_heading: . BRIAN
dialog: (snorts derisively)
dialog: Years!
speaker_heading: INT, Kit
speaker_heading: MED SHOT
dialog: Page 88
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: For someone like Lothar. And now
dialog: that I've got my hooks into, him,
dialog: I am going to use him and use him
dialog: and use himl
dialog: (righteously)
dialog: And it isn't even as if I were being
dialog: a total whore. He's terribly
dialog: attractive. You know he is,
speaker_heading: BRIAW
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: ves, I know he is.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oh, darling, you. mustn't be jealous
dialog: of him. itle's not jealous of you.
dialog: lie honestly isn't. I mean, after
dialog: -all, he certainly knows about you and
dialog: me. Tonight when i told him I was
dialog: coming straight home, he just smiled
dialog: and said 'Give brian my love'. He
dialog: never raised an eyebrow, He understands
dialog: life and how to live it.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: I wish I did.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (gaily)
dialog: iioment to moment, darling! Like me!
dialog: Like Lothar.
dialog: {nolds up her glass)
dialog: To you and me and Lothar, darling.
dialog: Two marvelous gents...
text: (flutters her eyes kiddingly)
dialog: And one lovely lady.
dialog: cut TO:
speaker_heading: KAT KLUB WIGHT
scene_heading: H.C, and 7.0 SEXY LADIES
dialog: MC.
dialog: {leering at the audience)
dialog: Two lovely ladies and one marvelous
dialog: gent.
speaker_heading: FIRST LADY
dialog: (sings)
text: Beedle-dee-deedle-dee-dee
dialog: '
dialog: *
dialog: Page 89
dialog: M.C.
dialog: One!
speaker_heading: SECOND LADY
dialog: (sings)
dialog: Beedle-dee-deedle~dee-dee
dialog: 1.c.
dialog: Twot
dialog: (sings)
dialog: Beedle-dee-deedle-dee
dialog: Deedle~dee-deedle-dee-dee!
dialog: (speaks)
dialog: And me!
speaker_heading: LADIES
dialog: (sings)
text: Beedle-dee-deedle-dee-dee
dialog: li.c.
dialog: {sings}
dialog: Two ladies
speaker_heading: LADIES
dialog: (sings)
dialog: ueed le-dee-dcedle-dee-dee
dialog: ic.
dialog: Two ladies
speaker_heading: LADIES
text: Beedle-dee-deedle-dee-dee
dialog: MLC.
dialog: And I'm theonly man, Jal
speaker_heading: LADIES
text: Beedle-dee-deedle-dee-dee
dialog: w.C.
dialog: I like it.
speaker_heading: LADIES
dialog: Beedle-dee- deed le-dee-dee
dialog: Mc.
dialog: They like it,
speaker_heading: LADIES
dialog: Beedlie-~dee-dcedle-dee-dee
dialog: M.c,
dialog: This two for one.
text: Beedle-dee-deedle-dee-dee
dialog: Page 90
speaker_heading: LADIES
dialog: Two ladies.
dialog: T.C,
dialog: weed lLe~dee-deed Le-dee-dee
speaker_heading: LADIES
dialog: Two ladies
dialog: . N.C.
dialog: Beedle-dee-deedle-dice-dee
speaker_heading: LADIES
dialog: And he's the cnly man!
dialog: H.C.
dialog: Jat
speaker_heading: ALL
text: Beedle-dee-deedle-dee-dee
speaker_heading: FIRST LADY
dialog: He Likes it.
dialog: t.C.
dialog: Reedle-dee-deedle-dee-dee
speaker_heading: SECOND LADY
dialog: ie Like it.
dialog: Mc.
text: seedle-dee-cdeedle-dee-dee
speaker_heading: LADIES
dialog: This two for one.
speaker_heading: FIRST LADY
dialog: I do the cooking.
speaker_heading: SECOND LADY
dialog: And I make the bed.
dialog: Ce.
dialog: I go out daily to earn our daily
dialog: bread, But we've one thing in
dialog: common --
speaker_heading: PIRST LADY
dialog: Hel!
dialog: ec.
dialog: she
dialog: Page 91
speaker_heading: SECOND LADY
dialog: And mel
speaker_heading: FIRST LADY
dialog: The key!
dialog: uc.
dialog: Beedle-dee
speaker_heading: SECOND LADY
dialog: The kev!
dialog: Wc.
dialog: Beedle-dee
dialog: The keyl
speaker_heading: LADIES
dialog: Seedle-deedl e~deedle-dee
dialog: (they dance}
dialog: H.C.
dialog: “le switch partners daily
dialog: fo play as we please
speaker_heading: LADIES
dialog: Twosie beats onesie,
dialog: MC.
dialog: But nothing beats threes.
dialog: I sleep in the middle.
scene_heading: FIRST LADY -.
dialog: I'm left.
speaker_heading: SECOND LADY
dialog: And I'm right.
dialog: i.c.
dialog: But there's room on the bottom
dialog: if you dro, in some night.
speaker_heading: LADIES
text: Beedle-dee-deedle-dee-dee
speaker_heading: MeC.
dialog: Two ladies
dialog: Beedle~dee-deedle-dee-dee
speaker_heading: LADIES
dialog: Two ladies
dialog: Beedle-~dee-deedle-dee-dee
dialog: And he's the only man, Jal
dialog: Page 92
speaker_heading: ALL
text: Beedle-dee-deedle-dee-dee
dialog: iC.
dialog: I like it.
speaker_heading: ALL
text: Beedle-dee-deedle-dee-dee
dialog: H.C.
dialog: Ye like it.
speaker_heading: ALL
text: Beedle-dee-deedle-dee-dee
dialog: This two for one
dialog: _ Beedle~dee~deedle-dee-deed le-dee-deedle-
dialog: dee-dee
dialog: (They exit)
speaker_heading: curT TO:
scene_heading: KIT KAT KLUB NIGHT
text: SALLY; BRIAN, FRITZ sit at table.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: wee I had to see you. I must talk
dialog: and you are never at home ... soon
dialog: you leave ...
speaker_heading: ’ BRIAN
dialog: What's the trouble, Fritz?
dialog: Natalia?
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: (nodding desperately)
dialog: Natalia will not ever see me again.
dialog: It is over. She has shown me this
dialog: note her father has received, Not
dialog: signed, of course.
dialog: the recites)
dialog: “Herr Landauer, beware. We are going
dialog: to settle the score with all you
dialog: dirty Jews. We give you twenty-four
dialog: ’ hours to leave Germany. If not you
dialog: are dead." And that is not the only
dialog: one, There have been others.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: ‘hat is Herr Landauer going to do?
dialog: Page 93
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Will he go?
speaker_heading: ERIVZ
dialog: No. He wants Natalia and her
dialog: mother should go. But they will
dialog: not. And Natalia will not see me,
dialog: Not with all this, and her mother
dialog: all the! time ohmnachtig ...
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (automatically)
text: Fainting.
speaker_heading: PRITZ
dialog: Fainting, ja.
dialog: (FRITZ drinks, then puts
text: his glass down with a dramatic
text: slam...the glass shatters)
dialog: Verfluchter Kerl!
text: Quietly, BRIAN brushes aside the shards of glass.
text: SALLY, eyes wide, stares at the empassioned FRITZ.
text: Guiltily, FRITZ looks around. After the first
text: curious glance, no one else seems to be paying any
text: attention to them.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: Please can I tell you something
dialog: else?
speaker_heading: SALLY -
dialog: Of course you can, Fritz.
speaker_heading: PRITZ
dialog: It is something I have never told
dialog: anyone in my life before. But now I
dialog: must make confessions.
dialog: (whispers guiltily)
dialog: I am a Jew.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Nell?
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: That does not surprise you? Or you,
dialog: Sally?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oh, I had an idea you were when
dialog: you made such a fuss about not
dialog: being, And then I forgot all about it.
dialog: Page 94
text: SRIAN smiles at her.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: Y have lied and pretended, Even to
dialog: slatalia, I have lied,
speaker_heading: BRIAW
dialog: If you're so keen on getting her, I
dialog: should have thought that was the very
dialog: thing to tell her,
speaker_heading: { FRITZ
dialog: I know, I know. And still, I
dialog: could not say it. when I listened
dialog: to Natalia, [think I wanted it even
dialog: more, that no one should ever know.
dialog: Even now, I cannot ke one from
dialog: ‘the Landauers, and have letters like
dialog: that written to me, I am ashamed
dialog: from myself, but it is so, And now
dialog: I have told you, and now you know me
dialog: for what I am. And it is not nice.
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: Well, you say something, please,
speaker_heading: SALLY .
dialog: It's all so silly. What's being Jewish
dialog: got to do with anything?
speaker_heading: PRITZ
dialog: What am I to do?
text: SALLY's face lights up as she sees something over
text: FRITZ's shoulder,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oh, great! Here's Lothar...
text: (jumps up from table
dialog: and leaves)
speaker_heading: FRITZ
speaker_heading: (to BRIAN)
dialog: “hat would you do?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP BRIAi
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: I can't give you advice, Fritz se.
dialog: I'm the last person in the world
dialog: to give advice...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: |
speaker_heading: Page 95
scene_heading: LONG SHOT LOTIAR, BRIAN'S POV
text: SALLY joins LOTHAR, gives him a big kiss.
speaker_heading: BRIAN'S VOICE
dialog: es. believe me.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT, STREET - LATE DAY
text: A Communist rally is taking place.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: Die Ratten verlassen das sinkende
dialog: Staatsschiff, Sollen wir weiterhin
dialog: auf die Gnade der Industriellen,
dialog: der Dusseldorfer, der Wazis
dialog: angeviiesen sein?
text: (The rats are leaving the ship of
dialog: stage, Comrades...are we to be left
dialog: at the mercy of the industrialists...
dialog: the oppressors,..the ilazis...)
text: The rally is loud but peaceful enough until it is set
text: upon by a nandful of Nazis. These men are in civilian
text: Gress, but they all wear swastika arm bands, They
text: attack with a will, The Communist speaker yells
text: something, then leaps from the stand onto the back of
text: a NAZI who has fought his way toward the stand.
text: It is a melee,..the fight spills over into the street,
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
speaker_heading: LOTHAR'S CAR DAY
text: LOTHAR, SALLY, BRIAN in the back, Packages piled
text: high in front with the chauffeur. The car is forced
dialog: to slow down to avoid the rioting crowd, -
speaker_heading: LOTHAR.
dialog: Fahren Sie an den Rinnstein heren.
dialog: We konnen es von hier aus sehen.
text: Reluctantly, the CHAUFFEUR slows down, LOTHAR
text: watches the brawl ith interest, BRIAN with barely
text: concealed rage...SALLY unhappily
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
speaker_heading: (to BRIAN)
dialog: If Herr tlitler's bravos would
dialog: concentrate on the verdamnt
speaker_heading: Fo PAD TY
dialog: Page 96
speaker_heading: LOTHAR {cont}
dialog: Communists! Instead of scrapping
dialog: with everyone in sight...But no...
dialog: today, Cowinunists...
dialog: (gestures the fight in /
dialog: progress)
dialog: tomorrow, the Capitalists, then
dialog: Jews, and Socialists the day after...
text: (shakes his head in
dialog: sad amusement)
dialog: I fear they are promiscuous,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Hitler's mad,
speaker_heading: : LOTHAR
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: He is naughty, but he could be
dialog: useful.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Useful?
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: Some weapon must be found against
dialog: the Boisheviks. One does not simply
dialog: hand over the country.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Let's turn around, ‘please!
dialog: It has nothing to do with us!
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: (obediently qives oréer
dialog: to the relieved CiiAUFFEUR)
dialog: Keren Sic um.
text: The CHAUFFEUR quickly maneuvers sharply and illegally
text: around in the street, away from the fight. The
text: Car speeds away, barely misses an angry woman who is
text: dragging a twelve-vear-old bov and a younger
text: child away from the uproar. The twelve year old
text: looks back over his shoulder at the fight, frightened
dialog: but fascinated,
text: From the car, BRIAN also looks back, his expression
text: very much the same as that of the little German boy,
text: LOTHAR looks at BRIAN, smiles,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Let the nasty things all kill
dialog: each other,
dialog: (sighs contentedly)
dialog: In two more days we'll be gone,
dialog: so vuho cares!
dialog: Page 97
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEER MALL =~ DAY
text: LOTHAR, SALL‘, RIAN at table. It is a heavily
dialog: timLered Hofbrau-styled room, Here peaceful middle-
dialog: class Germans and their families drink beer. There
text: is much talk and laughter, and an accordian-
text: dominated group is playing. Good-natured waiters make
text: theiz ways deftly among the the tables, filling
text: orders, SALLY, LOTHAR, BRIA, their own good-humor
text: somewhat restored, raise their beer steins to cach
dialog: other,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Bye-bye to Berlin.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: So long to the sausage!
text: SALLY and LOTHAR laugh,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: what is it they say in German
dialog: when you're going on a journey
dialog: and they want to wish you luck?
speaker_heading: LOTHAR
dialog: Hals und Beinbruch.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (softly) |
dialog: Neck and leg-break, .
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Leg-break?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: It's supposed to stop it
dialog: happening.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (raises her stein again)
dialog: Neck and leg-break, darlings!
text: They drink, then enjoy a moment of peace and
dialog: relaxation,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: On, listen,
text: In front of IUSICIAIS,a group of young WAITERS stand
text: in a line. ‘They have begun to sing the sweet melody
text: of "TOMORROW DELONGS TO ME",
dialog: w,
dialog: Page 98
speaker_heading: HAITERS
text: The branch of the linden is leafy and green
dialog: The Rhine gives its gold to the sea,
text: But somewhere a glory avaits unseen,
dialog: Tomorrow belongs to me,
dialog: Cur To:
text: CLOSZUP of wholesome, gentle~faced YOUNG HAN.
speaker_heading: YOUNG iAN
dialog: (singing)
text: The babe in his cradle is closing
dialog: his eyes,
text: The blossom embraces the bee,
text: PULL BACK to reveal the singing YOUNG NAW in brown
text: Nazi uniform (Sam Brown belt and swastika). He is
text: standing in his place at an adjoining table at which
text: are seated his obviously middle-class family, his
text: mother, father, young sisters -- all beaming, very
dialog: proud of him.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MAN
dialog: (continues singing)
text: But soon, says a whisper, arise, arise,
dialog: Tomortow belongs to me,
text: During the following, the family joins the song,
text: slowly rising to-‘their feet, Then the rest of the
text: people in the place join the singing. The music
dialog: becomes stronger and less pastoral,
scene_heading: YOUNG MAN & OTHERS
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Tomorrow belongs
dialog: Tomorrow belongs
dialog: Tomorrow belongs to me.
text: At this point, the song has become fully nationalistic
text: in character, It is sung with Germanic, militaristic
text: fervor, some standing rigidly at attention;
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: . (sing) :
dialog: Oh, Fatherland, Fatherland, show us a sign
dialog: Your children have waited to see,
dialog: The morning will come when the world is mine,
dialog: Tomorrow belongs to me,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: Page 99
text: CLOSE ON LOTHAR reacting to song. He has a look of
text: intense concentration.
text: PULL BACK: to show “IRIAN reacting to LOTHAR. SALLY
text: oblivious of both of then, joins singing.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: (singing over)
dialog: Tomorrow belongs to me,
dialog: Tomorrow belongs to me.
speaker_heading: CLOSE OW LOTHAR
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT, SALLY'S ROOM LATE DAY
text: SALLY stands in the middle of an avalanche of tissue
text: paper. Open boxes, new luggage. She is wearing a
text: portion of a safari outfit. Other bits and pieces
text: of exotic paraphernalia are strewn about. On a table
text: an open bottle of champagne...two empty glasses.
text: BRIAN seems to be uncertain of what to do with some
text: books. SALLY is very animated, BRIAN rather gloomy
dialog: and restless.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I think I'm going to have to
dialog: get another piece of luggage...
dialog: darling, we cannot take those
dialog: old books...
speaker_heading: BRIAW
dialog: (throws books down,
dialog: sighs)
dialog: I think in the Middle Ages people
dialog: must have felt like this when they
dialog: sold the Devil their souls.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: ‘ell, just be glad there's still a
dialog: going market! Mave a prairie oyster.
dialog: Have some champagne.
text: (drops down on her knees
text: in front of him, playfully)
dialog: Have me! warling, did I tell you how
dialog: sexy you look in jodhpurs! Honestly,
dialog: we're probably about the two sexiest
dialog: people in Bserlin! low we're going to
dialog: throw it around Africal
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: Page 100
speaker_heading: SALLY (cont)
dialog: (BRIAN doesn't respond to
dialog: anv of this)
dialog: Bri, darling, on a trip like this...
dialog: all this ropinguity. «other might
dialog: just find himse wanting to make me
dialog: the Baroness von Ileune und
dialog: Regensburg.
text: (BRIAN gives her a look)
dialog: “@ll, stxanger things have happened.
speaker_heading: ‘ BRIAN
dialog: (moves irritably)
dialog: Let's finish packing.
dialog: . SALLY °
dialog: Bri, you really have turned into the
text: dreariest, most downbeat, middle-class...
speaker_heading: 3RIAN
dialog: (snaps out)
dialog: I am middle-class, And so are you,
dialog: Sally. You are not going to be the
dialog: Baroness Von anything. And you
dialog: are not the whore of Babylon!
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (givee him a campily
dialog: seductive shoulder, a
dialog: Hae Yestisn kind of reading)
dialog: I'm the whore of Berlin. I haven't hit
dialog: Babylon yet.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
text: (suddenly furious, it
dialog: all explodes)
dialog: I wish you could hear yourself! T
dialog: mean really hear yourself ..- "the
dialog: pover of a woman's body ...' Christ!
dialog: You just let yourself be used.
speaker_heading: : SALLY
dialog: Used!
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Lothar's not going to make you anything
dialog: put older. Lothar's married.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I don't believe youl
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: There's already a Baroness von eune
dialog: und Regensourg. Believe me,
dialog: Page 102
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: {making a giant effort to
dialog: shrug off this unexpected
dialog: personage)
dialog: "ell, he can't be very firmly married...
dialog: when we gO to ee.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Stop it! Stop deluding yourself.
dialog: about Lothar, about using men and
dialog: gold-digging, and behaving like
dialog: some sort of ludicrous little
dialog: underaged femme fatale ... you're
dialog: about as ‘fatale’ as an after-dinner
dialog: mint! Lothar's not ...
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: (her eyes narrowing,
dialog: dangerously)
dialog: Of course, darling, we know all about
dialog: your vast experience of les femmes
dialog: we. fatale or otherwise. If you knew
dialog: anything at all about men and women,
dialog: you'd know I™vé handled Lothar
dialog: brilliantly!
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Oh, brilliantly!
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Why don't you just come out with
dialog: it? You're rotten jealous because
dialog: Lothar's everything you're not!
dialog: He's worldly and rich and suave and
dialog: divinely sexy! He really appreciates
text: a woman's body.ee.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Oh fuck Lothar!
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: I dot
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (shouts back)
dialog: 80 do Il
text: They stare at one another for an echoing moment.
text: Then BRIAN takes a deep, shuddering breath.
dialog: 
dialog: Page 102
speaker_heading: BRIAN (contd)
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (blank with shock)
dialog: You and Lothar..
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: You needn't feel too excluded, Sally.
dialog: I'm quite sure what he's trying to
dialog: buy is a matched pair.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: You and Lothar. You bastards!
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: You and m2 and Lothar, Two gents
dialog: and a lady, Just as you said,
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I thought you ioved me!
text: Yhere is a sudden knock « the door. Nebthor SALLY
dialog: nor BRIAN answers ily silinpedy + $ oasdcoe Davey
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: at one another. In the teuse silane, ate ahve
text: is tactfully slipped under the door. SALLY glances
text: down, recognizes the handwriting, moves to pick up
dialog: the envelope.
dialog: saps
text: She opens it and pulls out a letter and a modest
text: assortment of banknotes, SALLY stares first at the
text: money, then reads the letter, her face expressionless.
text: At last, she looks up.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: He's run out on me,
dialog: {thrusts the letter at
speaker_heading: BRIAN)
dialog: Simply run out on me, the lousy
dialog: faggot! |
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: {rapi@ly scanning the
dialog: letter)
dialog: ws» growing certainty that my
dialog: duty is to leave for Argentina at
dialog: this time ...'
dialog: (laughs shortly)
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: What's so funny?
dialog: 
dialog: Page 103
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Prebably to round up money for
dialog: Uitler -- That's his ‘duty at
dialog: this time’,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: {uninterested in Hitler)
dialog: What about his duty to me! Suppose they
dialog: won't take me back at thé Club! He's
dialog: let me throw over everything and then
dialog: abandoned me with three hundred lousy
dialog: MAarkS oe.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: It doesn't matter,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: ‘hat do you mean it doesn't matter!
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: I mean, what matters is us.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (this is only added
dialog: fuel to the fire)
dialog: Us. Of course it was us he
dialog: abandoned, wasn't it? Us he
dialog: dumped Like a couple of tired
dialog: tarts! Leaving us with all
dialog: this...safari....
dialog: {furiously kicks the
dialog: pile of packaags)
dialog: junk! Heonever meant to play
dialog: fair with me! Not from the beginning.
dialog: And vou! You knew it all the time,
dialog: didn" you, Lady ‘!indemere?
text: BRIAN gives her a sharp, hard slap which she instantly
text: returns. Too furious to trust himself further in
text: the same house with SALLY, 2RIAN stumbles across the
text: littered floor and slams out of the room,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: \
scene_heading: EXT, STREET IN FRONT OF SCHNEIDER'S HOUSE - DUSK
text: BRIAN rushes into the street, starts walking at a
text: fast clip.
speaker_heading: CUT TO;
text: STREET passing beneath overhead railway. BRIAN
text: approaches. It is a busy hour of the day. There
dialog: 
dialog: Bian Lod
text: are numerous pedestrians, people hurtying hou: Crone
dialog: work,
text: faking advantage of this are two young NAZIS who
text: stand under the edge of the elevated, hawking copies
text: cf the DEUTSCHER ‘IEHRGEIST, a WAZI publication.
text: One of the NAZIS holds out the paper to the passersby,
text: soliciting; the other stands back beside the box on
text: which the stack of papers lie, BRIAN watches’ them
text: for a moment, ‘They make one or two sales. BRIAN
text: approaches.
speaker_heading: NAZI
dialog: Helfen Sie uns, Ordnung in
dialog: die Strassen Berlins zu bringen.
dialog: Unterstutzen Sie die Parteigenossen,
dialog: Kameraden.
text: BRIAN, knoving exactly what he is doing, moves in
text: toward them. He speaks directly to the NAZI.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Your magazine is pure crap, Comrade.
text: It must be obvious that BRIAN is inviting disaster ...
text: but he has spoken in English. The NazI is suspicious,
text: uncertain of what has keen said to him.
speaker_heading: RAZT
dialog: Was haben Sie gesagt, Kamerad?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (suicidally)
dialog: I said, das ist lauter Scheisse,
dialog: Comrade. And so are you.
dialog: fhe NAZI to whom he tas spoken is for a brief moment
text: too astonished to react, but the one standing behind
text: him swears and moves in, BRIAN simply stands and lets
dialog: it happen.
text: A number of people stop to watch the beating, but do
dialog: nothing to interfere.
scene_heading: SHOT OF BRIAN.
dialog: '
text: POV NAZI who sits on BRIAN punching him, Blood flows
text: from SRIAN's mouth, He is on the ground looking
text: up. Averhead, the train passes screechingly, like
text: eaLLY's screams.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: Page 105
scene_heading: INT. KIT KAT CLUB = SIGHT
text: The Kit Kat CHORUS GIRLS (about seven) enter from the
text: wings doing a typical "Tiller Girls" routine. Facing
text: front, arms around each others! waists, unison
text: kicking, etc, They are dressed in abbreviated black
text: costumes, revealing much flesh above their stocking
text: tops and at the cleavage. Suddenly we are aware
dialog: that one of the girls is the i.c.
dialog: (Note: This will be a version of the very effective
text: number from the show in which the H.C. reveals
dialog: himself to be a transvestite.)
text: As the dance begins to fall apart, we hear the ominous
text: sounds of military drums, The music changes to a
text: martial version of “TOMORROW BELONGS TO ME" as the
text: iieC. and the GIRLS gdose-step offstage.
dialog: curt TO:
scene_heading: INT. SALLY'S ROOii LATE NIGHT
text: SALLY and BRIAii lie in bed together, BRIAN, his
text: face battered, a cut above the oye covered with
text: stickina plaster. lis nose is swollen and his lip
text: out. His is asleep. Seside him lies SALLY, awake.
text: The fur coat is spread over the bed,
dialog: cUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SALLY'S ROOW DAY
text: The room is cleared and back very much in its
dialog: original state, Only a few boxes remain, BRIAN,
text: his face a bit improved, is again at work at the
text: the table. SALLY sits listlessly regarding the
dialog: remaining boxes,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
text: (sighs, turns over a
dialog: Page)
dialog: The worst about pornography
dialog: is it's so prudish...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (kicks at one of
dialog: the. boxes)
dialog: God, how easy we must have seemed.
speaker_heading: ' BRIAN
dialog: {briskly)
dialog: Come on, Sally. I thought we'd
dialog: aareed t6 dron the subject.
dialog: a ————— a” -S=S=SSsS |S ss eetstétz‘le
dialog: -~
dialog: Page 106
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (continuing as if
dialog: she doesn't hear him)
dialog: Sitting ducks. The damn degenerate.
dialog: (iooks up)
dialog: He took cocaine, you know.
speaker_heading: BRIAL
dialog: (interested)
dialog: vlo, I didn't. ‘
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: se cme . (righteously)
dialog: I have never known a dope fiend
dialog: you could rely on.
text: (BRIAN smiles. SALLY,
dialog: continuing with no change
dialog: of tone whatever, throws
dialog: the bomb)
dialog: I'm going to have a baby.
speaker_heading: BRIAN °
dialog: A (utterly horrified)
dialog: Oh, nv Godl
speaker_heading: SALT L
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: That's why I thought marrying
dialog: Lothar would be so sensible.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: How are you sure it.....is the
dialog: bahy Lothar's?
dialog: (she shrugs)
dialog: t mean have you given any
dialog: thought to the possibility that
dialog: it might be mine?
speaker_heading: SALLY -
dialog: (tiredly)
dialog: Of course, I have, @arling. It
dialog: was just that under the circumstances,
dialog: it seemed more convenient for it to
dialog: be Lothar's.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Convenient!
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oh, you know what I mean, darling.
speaker_heading: (NORE )
dialog: 
dialog: Page 107
speaker_heading: SALLY (cont)
dialog: (there is a moment of
text: silence between them as
text: they studiously avoid looking
dialog: at each other)
dialog: I'm awfully scared, Brian.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Oh, Sally, what are you going to
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Well, obviously, i can't have the
dialog: baby...I'd be a rotten mother, Just
text: a betrayed whore.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: 411 you for God's sake stop
dialog: calling yourself that! You know
dialog: you're not.
text: SALLY begins to weep quietly. BRIAN goes to her,
text: takes her in his arms. .
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: The doctor I went to will do it.
dialog: But it's horribly expensive...he
dialog: has to bribe somebody for some kind
dialog: of certificate or something. I'll
dialog: have to give him my fur coat...
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Sally...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (begins to sob)
dialog: Oh, Bri, I have never in my life
dialog: been so terrified! Oh, Christ, it's
dialog: awful!
text: Silently, BRIAN holds herr finally, she straightens
text: up, sniffing, pulling herself together.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: It's so awful to think about,..that
dialog: there's something alive inside of you,
dialog: and you can't let it live...
dialog: (her voice fades off)
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: I don't think you'd be a rotten e
dialog: mother, Sally.
dialog: Page 108
speaker_heading: , SALLY
dialog: (crossiy)
dialog: Oh, for God's sake, Brian, don't be
dialog: soft. ‘that difference does it make
dialog: what kind of mother I'd be?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: I'll marry you, Sally.
dialog: (she stares at him)
dialog: I think I might rather like being
dialog: a futher, It would be something...
dialog: definite.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oh, darling! You're always so nice.
text: (her lip trembles somewhere
dialog: between tears and laughter)
dialog: I mean, it probably is your baby, but
dialog: just suppose it turns out to be a nasty
dialog: little coked-up Kraut!
speaker_heading: (BRIAN laughs, SALLY
dialog: smiles)
dialog: Anyway, you don't have any money.
speaker_heading: SRIAN
dialog: W@ can go back to England, I have
dialog: an aunt,...I can borrow enough to get
dialog: us home and then I can get some
dialog: kind of job teaching.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oh, Bri...
dialog: {trying it - a mixture of
dialog: awe and doubt)
dialog: A professor's wife, ly God,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: I can't think where you'd cause the
dialog: worse uproar...in a boy's school,
dialog: or a girls't Oh Sally!
dialog: (embraces her)
dialog: Wait till my mother meets you!
dialog: cor TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET DAY
text: A large CROWD gathered in front of the corner building.
dialog: It is identified as a bank, ile see, however, that iron
text: lattices are drawn over the windows, and in the middle
text: of the door is fixed a small notice. A WOSAN is
dialog: Page 109
text: banging frantically on the locked door.
dialog: cut TO:
speaker_heading: CROUD
dialog: jo.
text: A lot of WEN with leather satchels, and WOMEN with
dialog: stringbags..,.women like SCHWEIDER. In fact, we
text: quickly make out SCHNEIDER herself among the crowd.
text: As the crowd mutters and a few sharp exclamations of
text: rage and dismay ring out, a little BOY playing with a
text: hoop among the CROWD, rubs the hocp up against a
text: HWOMAS's legs. She swings furiously at him with her
dialog: paq,.
speaker_heading: UNOHAN (ITH BAG
dialog: Du, sei bloss nicht so frech!
text: A HAN aims a kick at the BOY, his toe barely grazing
text: the seat of the child’s pants. ,
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. SCHNEIDER'S RECEPTION ROOit
text: An excited SCHNEIDER, still in her hat, surrounded
text: by BRIAN, KOST and LUD'IG, and another BOARDER, an
speaker_heading: GOLDER ‘iOMAN,
speaker_heading: SCHNEIDER
dialog: It's true...the crowd was so
dialog: upset someone tried to kick a little
dialog: child!
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: Terrible! Terrible!
dialog: kost
dialog: The Darmstadter unt National shut
dialog: down! There'll be thousands ruined.
speaker_heading: SCHNEIDER .
text: Professor Kleinmann down the block
dialog: says we'll have a civil war in a
dialog: fortnight! A red revolution!
speaker_heading: LUDWIG
dialog: (gently derisive)
dialog: I am sure the Herr Professor has secret
dialog: sources of information.
dialog: 
dialog: Page 110
dialog: Kost
dialog: ‘hy not? Those types are all
dialog: Communists, Communists and Jews.
dialog: They're all together,
speaker_heading: LUD! IG
dialog: Oh come now, Fraulein...
speaker_heading: | OLDER WOMAN
dialog: It is true. The Jews stick together,
speaker_heading: SCHWEIDER
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Always the Jews,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: What nonsense,
speaker_heading: LUD'?IG
dialog: They are blamed because they are
dialog: clever,
speaker_heading: OLD “IOAN
dialog: Too clever,
speaker_heading: SCHNEIDER
dialog: It is true. ‘his town is sick
dialog: with Jews, Turn over any stone
dialog: and a couple of them will crawl
dialog: out. Strangling us, robbing us!
dialog: Look at all the big deaprtment stores...
dialog: Landauers, Wertheim's, K.D.‘l..eeyou
dialog: can't buy a‘petticoat without
text: lining their pockets.
text: BRIAN stares at her, shocked.
dialog: Kost
dialog: Filthy thieving Jews!
speaker_heading: BRIAN -
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: The Landauers are personal friends
dialog: of mine...
speaker_heading: (to SCHNEIDER)
dialog: As you well know, Fraulein.
speaker_heading: SCHNEIDER
dialog: (tight-lipped)
dialog: But not of mine,
text: BRIAN, glares at her, furious,
speaker_heading: Page lll
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Then I daresay it is because they
dialog: have not seen fit to cultivate
dialog: the conpany of a....a concierge...
dialog: {turns to Kost) :
speaker_heading: ee ecOF A tarteree
text: BRIAN turns on his heel, and strides angrily from
text: the room. LUD'7IG moves toward BRIAN, trying to
text: placate him as they stride down the hall.
speaker_heading: ' LUDVIG
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Do not blame them too much, Herr
dialog: Roberts, They are ignorant... they
dialog: do not have the insights that only
dialog: the study of literature brings...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LANDAUER'S DEPARTHENT STORE DAY
text: BRIAN and WATALIA coming down escalator, BRIAN is
text: carrying a fancily wrapped present.
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: (indicating the gift
dialog: in BRIAN's hand)
dialog: You will sec. Once Sally becomes
dialog: a wife, she will be most proud
dialog: to make tea from good silver.
speaker_heading: BRIAN ,
dialog: You're very sweet, Watalia, But
dialog: too gonerous,
text: As they walk through the store, NATALIA gravely and
text: graciously receives the unspoken homage of store
dialog: employees.
speaker_heading: WATALIA
dialog: {trying not to show
dialog: her depression)
dialog: I have come to so like your Sally,
dialog: It seems strange that we will not
dialog: any of us see each other no more,
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: It isn't my business, Natalia, but I
dialog: think you should leave too...as your
dialog: father wishes.
dialog: ‘e/
dialog: Page 112
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: I cannot leave my parents.
text: By now they have reached the store's exit. They go
dialog: through revolving deors to the: street.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BERLIN STREET
scene_heading: EXT. LANDAUER'S STORE DAY
text: Almost immediately, BRIAN and NATALIA find themselves
text: part of a crowd that has formed a tense knot on the
text: sidewalk. The crowd is composed of PEDESTRIANS
text: who have stopped,to watch the antics of three NAZIS,
text: two of whom are using bright yellow paint to scrawl,
dialog: in giant letters, :
speaker_heading: “JUDEN" .
text: on LANDAUER's show windows. The third NAZI harangues
dialog: the CROD.
speaker_heading: NAZI
dialog: Gute Deutsche kaufen von anderen
dialog: Neutschen, Sie unterstutzen nicht
dialog: diese Blutegel unsdrer Wirtschaft.
dialog: ("Good Germans buy from other
dialog: Germans. Tney do not support
dialog: this blight on our economy...
dialog: this etcrnal bloodsucking!')
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: {quietly to WATALIA)
dialog: Come on, Watalia ... let's get out
dialog: of here we. :
speaker_heading: NATALIA
text: (fiercely, shaking off
dialog: his protective arm)
dialog: Wo! I won't!
text: This English expletive draws the attention of the
text: NAZI speechmaker. He sccwls at her,
speaker_heading: NAZI
dialog: (in English)
dialog: You do not agree, Fraulein? You
dialog: would encourage the Jews to go on
text: feeding and fattening from the bare
dialog: bones of good Germans?,
dialog: Page 113
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: {so furious, she is not
dialog: even slightly frightened)
dialog: It is not tae Jews, but pigs like
dialog: you who are looking for someone
dialog: to feed off...
speaker_heading: WAZI
dialog: You call me a pig...Jew whore!
text: The CROW begins to mill in fright. The lead NAZI
text: starts toward WATALIA, BRIAN pushes her back, trying
text: to move backwards himself, but still protect her...
text: others in the crowd move to protect NATALIA...some
text: move avay..,there is much pushing and shoving.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP NATALIA
text: Enraged. She will not be saved. Fights her way
text: free of BRIAN, shoulders her way toward the NAZI.
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: Lying scum!
text: ‘iLldly, NATALIA swings her purse at the leering face...
text: she almost makes contact, but he ducks. At this
text: moment, someone throws a stone...whether at the store,
text: the WAZI, or NATALIA, we do not know. Glass shatters,
text: women scream, the WAZI dodges away, the shattering
text: glass catches NATALIA, cuts her forehead,
text: SRIAN, pushing his way to her, grabs her and pulls
text: her ruthlessly through the panicky crowd.
speaker_heading: WATALIA
dialog: (triumphantly through
dialog: streaming blood)
dialog: Hal Did you see him run! *
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: EXT, BERLIN STREET DAY
text: SALLY and FRITZ walking together,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Wo, you must come in and have a
dialog: drink. I'm so glad I ran into
dialog: you, Fritz, darling, I've been
text: horribly depressed,
dialog: Page 114
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: (sedms rather depressed
dialog: himself)
dialog: What is the matter, fially? How can
dialog: you be depressed? You and urian will
dialog: go soon to London and be together. You
dialog: are very fortunate.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oh, yes, it's marvelous being with
dialog: Brian, darling, But going back to
dialog: England...
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Actually, I don't suppose we'll even be
dialog: “in Lendon. Probably some Outpost of the
dialog: Empire like Manchester.
text: They have reached Fraulein SCHNEIDER's house; SALLY
text: takes out her key.
dialog: cur To:
scene_heading: INT, SALLY'S ROOM DAY
text: SALLY and FRITZ, SALLY is at the cabinet.
speaker_heading: : SALLY
dialog: “hat we need, Fritz, darling, is...
dialog: (pulls out bottle of
dialog: gin)
dialog: Dear old ilother's Ruin.
dialog: (a short laugh)
dialog: Just what the doctor ordered,
text: (pours them each a fulsome
dialog: glass)
dialog: I got a letter today from an old
dialog: friend...,a girl I grew up with...
dialog: she was absolutely marvelous. te
dialog: were always in trouble together...
dialog: for smoking and not wearing bloomers...
dialog: «+ everybody kept telling us we'd
dialog: come to a bad end,
dialog: (laughs; drinks)
dialog: well, she did.
dialog: (flicks envelope which
dialog: lies. on table)
dialog: She married a boy from home and
dialog: is just about to have her second
dialog: baby.
text: Suddenly the door bursts open, BRIAN enters, He is
text: messed up, but not hurt. He does not see FRITZ.
dialog: Page 115
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (to SALLY)
dialog: Thank heavens you're back! I've
dialog: got Natalia with me...I left her in
dialog: the bathroom to vash...where's some
dialog: sticking plaster?
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: Natalia? Who is it you need for
dialog: Sticking plaster?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: What on earth...
text: BRIAN dashes across the hall to his Loom. « «FRITZ
text: right on his tail.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (talks as he moves)
dialog: We were in a fight with a bunch of
dialog: Nazis...Natalia got hit...Go help
dialog: ner, Cally...
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT, BRIAN'S ROOM DAY
text: ERIAN is rummaging through a medicine box...
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Todine...asoirin.,.where the
dialog: devil's the sticking plaster?
dialog: You should have seen ner, Fritz!
dialog: She was like Joan of Arc!
text: FRITZ from the doorway, hears footsteps, he turns,
dialog: stares.
dialog: cur TO:
text: 10 SHOT SALLY AND NATALIA IN HALLWAY
text: SALLY holding onto WATALIA's arm, NATALIA holds
text: her hand over the cut in her forehead, She is a bit
text: rumpled, but otherwise quite alright, although her
text: suit and blouse are bloody.
text: When she spots FRITZ, she stiffens, but continues
text: toward SALLY's room.
speaker_heading: BRIAN (VOICE OVER)
dialog: Here it is!
dialog: nam mn.
dialog: Page 116
scene_heading: INT, SALLY'S ROOM DAY
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: Let me see.
text: Tenderly, he kneels in front of WATALIA, who sits
text: stiffly upright in a chair, her hand covering not only
text: her forehead, but as much of her eyes as possible...
text: she will not look at FRITZ.
speaker_heading: WATALIA
dialog: Brian did not tell me you were
dialog: here,
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: He did not know.
text: BRIAN removes the hand from her face in order to
text: apply the plaster. FRITZ gasps when he sees the
dialog: vound, It is superficial.,.but it is his NATALIA
text: who is wounded, BRIAN puts the plaster over the
dialog: cut.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: You must go to a doctor, It will
dialog: not be clean enough from just
dialog: washing. There must be a disinfectant.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (goes to cupboard)
dialog: Let me get you some brandy,
dialog: Natalia.
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: (very uneasy under the
text: attentions of the hovering
speaker_heading: FRITZ)
dialog: I do not think so.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Yes, but I do think so, You need
dialog: something, -And it’s quite good
dialog: brandy. It's part of...quite a
dialog: good loot. I'm going to have some.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: It needs another plaster...this one
dialog: will let in too much air...dust...
text: SALLY stands quietly watching FRITZ attend to
speaker_heading: NATALIA.
dialog: Page 117
text: BRIAN hands NATALIA a brandy.
text: PRITZ peels another plaster.
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: I can put it on myself.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: I know, but let-me do it, please.
dialog: Drink your brandy and let me do it.
text: WATALIA, although she tries not to show it, is
dialog: very touched.
text: BRIAN sees SALLY is drinking gin. Quietly he takes
text: jt from her. Gives her his brandy.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: This is better for you.
text: FRITZ has taken as long as he can applying a second
text: plaster to HAVALIA's forehead.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: There.
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: _And now I must go to home.
dialog: (rises, straightens
dialog: her clothes)
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: You will let me take you, please...
speaker_heading: NATALIA
dialog: ily dear young man, Taceoe
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: " ,.am not sixty years old
dialog: and can go home unmolested."
speaker_heading: IWATALIA
dialog: I prefer to go alone.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ‘NATALIA
dialog: and if we run into another of
dialog: these ... abominations?
speaker_heading: FRITZ
dialog: I must be with you, ilatalia.
dialog: Page 118
text: At this, BRIAN raises his head. The two men exchange
text: glances, FRIT2 nods very gently. He speaks to BRIAN.
speaker_heading: FRITZ (cont)
dialog: I tell it now.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Lethim take you, Watalia, We
dialog: would all feel much better.
dialog: (quickly, FRITZ picks
dialog: up his gloves, hat}
dialog: And, Watalia...
speaker_heading: WATALIA
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: 1 admired you very much this
dialog: afternoon.
speaker_heading: WATALIA
dialog: I cannot see why.
speaker_heading: FRITZ
speaker_heading: (to NATALIA)
speaker_heading: : COME. oe
text: As he reaches for her hand, the camera moves in
text: to hold CLOSE on their clasped hands. The voices
text: of FRITZ and the i.C. are heard in unison as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: TIGHT SHOT of 11.C.'s ard GORILLA's clasped hands.
speaker_heading: FRITZ & H.C. (VOICES OVER)
dialog: From now on, we go together.
text: PAN UP to find H.C. and an attractive girl gorilla
text: holding hands, She wears a chic little skirt and
text: carries a handbag. H.C, looks reprovingly at his
dialog: audience (and our audience).
dialog: i.C.
dialog: (sings)
dialog: I know what you're thinking...
dialog: you wonder why i chose her
dialog: Out of all the ladies in the world.
dialog: That's just a first impression...
dialog: Vhat good's a first impression?
dialog: If you knew her like T do,
dialog: It would change your point of view.
dialog: Page 119
speaker_heading: nc (Contd)
dialog: If you could see her through my eyes,
dialog: You wouldn't wonder at all,
dialog: IF you could see her through my eyes,
dialog: I guarantee you would fall...
dialog: Like I did.
dialog: When we're in public together,
text: I hear society moan.
dialog: But if they could see her through my eyes,
dialog: iiaybe they'd leave us alone. .
dialog: How can I speak of her virtues?
dialog: I don't know where to begin:
dialog: She's clever, she's smart, she reads music,
dialog: She doesn't smoke or drink ginsees
dialog: Like I do,
dialog: Yet when we're walking together,
text: They sneer if I'm holding her hand,
dialog: But if they could see her through my eyes,
dialog: taybe they'd all understand,
dialog: (they waltz) :
dialog: I understand your objection,
dialog: I grant you the problem's not small.
dialog: But if you could see her through my eyes,
dialog: She doesn't look Jewish at all!
speaker_heading: CuT TOs
scene_heading: INT, KIT KAT KLUB BACKSTAGE NIGHT
text: SALLY approaches wings, Passes KLAUS.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: You're on next, Sally.
text: SHE smiles at him, stands near entrance as MC and
text: GORILLA pass, SALLY cannot be seen from audience,
text: The GORILLA stops and takes her head off, She is one
dialog: of the Kit Kat Chorus.
speaker_heading: GORILLA GIRL
dialog: Max say you are to England soon
dialog: going back, ja?
text: SALLY nods.
text: SALLY's POV - we see BRIAN sitting alone at Table 9,
speaker_heading: GORILLA GIRL (cont)
dialog: Will you write to me? If perhaps
dialog: they are needing girls in London.
dialog: Page 120
text: SALLY watches BRIAN react to his telephone ringing.
text: He answers it, listen, shakes his head, "no", says
text: goodbye, and hangs up. During this, SALLY looks
text: about trying to see who is speaking to him.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT — SALLY and GORILLA GIRL
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Sure Anna, I'll write.
text: SALLY'S POV - BRIAH at table.
text: ANNA touches SALLY's arm appreciatively as she moves
text: off, SALLY continues to watch BRIAN, He is very
text: solemn, Suddenly, he is approached by a HAN who reminds
dialog: us very strongly of LOTHAR. The MAN is very
text: attractive and not obvicusly homosexual. He Jeans
text: over, smiles, and speaks to BRIAN. BRIAN smiles and
dialog: ig completely civil, put also, completely negative.
text: The MA, with a faint, teasing, disbelieving smile,
text: bows and walks away.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP BRIAN
text: His face shows nothing, but his eyes suddenly close.
speaker_heading: : CUT TO:
scene_heading: WED, CLOSE SALLY
text: She is still watching BRIAN, She, too, closes her eyes,
text: tight. Scmeone indistinguishable appears behind her.
text: A man's arm encircles her from behind and places his
text: hand on her breast. ‘SALLY reacts ~~ as she turns, we
dialog: cur TO:
text: CLOSE SHOT ~ ii.C. and SALLY, face to face.
text: SALLY igs startled. She pulls back. He holds her by
text: both elbows, He smirks.
dialog: MC,
dialog: (insinuatingly)
dialog: Are you ready, Fraulein?
dialog: cuUT TO:
text: HED, CLOSE SALLY - Pulling back.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: Page lel
scene_heading: HED. SHOT ii.C. and SALLY
text: He laughs as he releases her and steps out onto the
dialog: stage.
dialog: Mec.
dialog: (to audience}
dialog: Meine Damen und Herren --
dialog: Hesdames et Hessieurs -~
dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen...
dialog: And now, once again - Fraulein
dialog: Saliy Bowles!
text: Loud drum roll along with a smattering of applause
text: from the audience.
scene_heading: QUICK CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING LOBBY NIGHT SILENT
text: The sound of applause and drum roll at end of
dialog: preceding scene should cut off abruptly - actually
dialog: cut the tape - so as to emphasize the silence as we
dialog: cut to this scene.
text: LONG SHOT FROM EXTREMELY LOW ANGLE, In the foreground,
text: find SALLY hugging her fur coat about her. She's
text: standing with her back to the camera looking up a
text: dimly lit, long, steep stairway leading to a somewhat
text: grubby landing which sports a large stained~glass
text: window. As it is night, very little light filters
text: through this remnant of better days. SALLY sighs.
text: deeply, then moves. toward the stairs and starts up.
dialog: Hold on her climp as long as possible, The only
text: sound, the noise of her spiked heels on the steps.
speaker_heading: CcuT TO:
scene_heading: WED. SHOT SALLY
text: She climbs up toward camera on landing. Pan with her
text: as she crosses to’ an unmarked door. She pauses
text: for a moment, then rings the bell,
dialog: . CUT TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE ON SALLY
text: Her expression impassive as she waits for a response
text: to her ring. She reacts to the door opening.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: Page 122
scene_heading: WED, CLOSE SALLY \
text: Over her shoulder as the door opens. ‘le cannot see
text: who has opened it, SADLY enters.
dialog: curt TO;
scene_heading: INT. KIT KAT KLUB
text: CLOSE SHOT of heavily made up, ugly CHORUS GIRL.
text: She screams as she drops out of snot in a flying
text: split revealing rest of girls who alternately
text: scream and do same (typical, old-hat can-can move).
dialog: After just a flash of this:
speaker_heading: CUT TOs
scene_heading: SALLY'S ROOM MORNING
text: BRIAN is asleep in his clothes across SALLY's bed.
text: The spread has not been turned down. SALLY enters.
text: She wears a dress, no coat.
text: The door opens, so do BRIAN's eyesS, SALLY is not
text: conscious of him, only of moving herself rather
text: carefully to the sofa, where she sits leaning back
text: in exhaustion. After a moment, she becomes aware
text: of BRIAN's presence. They look at each other silently
dialog: ‘for a moment,
dialog: SRLLY™
dialog: Good morning, darling. ‘ould
dialog: you mind awfully...seeing if
dialog: there's a Lit of that brandy left?
text: (BRIAN blinks, looks at
text: his watch, sees that it is
dialog: full day)
dialog: Oh, very well, put an egg in it.
dialog: We'll call it breakfast.
text: (closes her eyes,
dialog: tiredly)
text: Silently, BRIAN gets up, goes to the cabinet, pours
text: her a brandy without the egg, brings it to her.
text: She takes it, smiles gratefully.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: You are quite the nicest man
dialog: in the world, darling.
dialog: (drinks, tnen makes
dialog: an attempt to
dialog: contain the situation)
dialog: I suppose you wonder what on earth
dialog: happened to me... I ran into some
dialog: Paga 123
speaker_heading: : SALLY (cont)
dialog: old friends, and I'm afraid we
dialog: made rather a night of it.
text: {puts her feet up on
dialog: the sofa, Still SRIAN
dialog: doesn't speak)
dialog: You must have been horribly worried,
dialog: I'm so sorry, darling. I'ma
dialog: monster.ee:
dialog: (attempts a laugh)
dialog: «esa very hung-over monster.
dialog: (BRIAW"'s silence and
dialog: steady regard is getting
dialog: on her nerves)
dialog: Well...aren't you going to say
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: The money came, Sally. My aunt sent
dialog: a bank order. We can leave whenever
dialog: we like.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (brightly) .
dialog: Harvelous! tiell...as long as the
dialog: pressure's off...I mean, we might .
dialog: as well take our time ...I really
dialog: would like to stay on at the club
dialog: for a few weekS.esee
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: It's time toleave Berlin. It's no good
dialog: for us here anymore.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Darling, Max did take me back after
dialog: that Africa nonsense, and I don't
dialog: want to run out on them while they
dialog: need me..,I think liax is finally
dialog: beginning to realize what a tremendous
dialog: asset I am, and...
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Sally, you're going to have a baby.
text: SALLY doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: Aren't you?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Nell, actually, darling....
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: Page 124
speaker_heading: SALLY (cont)
dialog: (takes a deep breath)
dialog: I'm not.
dialog: “Tgives him a big smile)
dialog: Everything's okay, ‘ihat I mean is,
dialog: surprise! You know how stupid TI
dialog: am at arithmetic. I must just
dialog: have made the most ridiculous
scene_heading: MiSCOUNT.ee0
dialog: | Brian
dialog: Did the doctor miscount too?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oh, you know what kind of doctor
dialog: he was. Dreadful little quack
dialog: abortionist...probably tells
dialog: everybody they're pregnant...
dialog: trying to drum up trade, These
dialog: people will do anything for a
text: few dirty marks.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: here's your fur coat?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (determined to see the
dialog: great lie all the way
dialog: through)
dialog: Oh, God, darling, it was the most
dialog: drunken night. I've lost it. Oh,
dialog: well...who needs to be reminded of
dialog: Lothar? You know, Bri, you were
dialog: absolutely rijht...his running out
dialog: was the best thing that could possibly
dialog: have happened to us, jie would
dialog: have just dragged us down...destroyed
dialog: our careers.
speaker_heading: (BPIAN just continues to
text: stare at her, driving her
dialog: to chatter more and more
dialog: nervously, emptily)
dialog: I wish you'd been with us tonight,
dialog: Bri, darling. I haven't drunk
dialog: so much in years! We went from
dialog: place to place to place...
dialog: I can't even remomber half of them,
dialog: it was all so... wild...s0.0.
dialog: marvelous...
dialog: (her record plays down)-
text: There is a long moment of silence, Then SALLY,
text: taking a deep treath, sits up, grabs BRIAN's hand.
dialog: Page 125
speaker_heading: SALLY (cont)
dialog: Darling, don't you see, the .
dialog: trouble was, I really do adore you,
dialog: And sooner or later you wouldn't adore
dialog: me.... and there we'd be... barling,
dialog: you know I can't bear not being
dialog: adored, so I'd probably run out and
dialog: there'd be the child...and you'd
dialog: have to keep it because...
speaker_heading: (bravely giving BRIAN
dialog: an emotional out...
dialog: taking, really, all the
dialog: blame on herself)
dialog: After all, I do have my career to
dialog: think of.
text: BRIAN looks at her, sees through her completely.
text: He manages a smile, pours each of them a glass of
text: brandy, Then he takeB an envelope from his pocket,
text: removes some money from it.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: I'm leaving Berlin,
dialog: (gives her half
dialog: the money)
dialog: Get your coat back if you can,
dialog: (raises his glass)
text: Neck and leg-break, Sally.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (more tenderly than
dialog: she has ever spoken)
dialog: Neck and leg-break, Bri.....
text: Suddenly they are tight in each other's arms,
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION WIGHT
text: BRIAN carrying suitcases. He walks slowly as if trying
dialog: to memorize everything he sees,
dialog: cur TO:
text: EXT, STREET UNDER THE ELEVATED RAILWAY
text: SALLY stands underneath as train roars overhead.
dialog: cur To:
dialog: Page 126
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP SALLY
text: ler eyes closed tight as the train screams for her.
dialog: As train sound recades,, ve hear:
speaker_heading: SALLY'S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: (singing)
dialog: What good is sitting alone in your room? ‘
dialog: Cone hear the music play.... .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT, KIT KAT KLUB NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON SALLY performing.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (sings)
dialog: Life is a cabaret, old chum,
dialog: Come to the cabaret,
text: Put down the knitting, the book and the broom,
dialog: Time for a holiday.
dialog: Life is a cabaret, old chum,
dialog: Come to the cabaret.
dialog: Come taste the wine,
dialog: Come hear the band,
dialog: Come blow a horn, start celebrating
dialog: Right this way, your table's waiting.
dialog: No use permitting some prophet of doom
dialog: To wipe every smile away.
dialog: Life is a cabaret, old chum,
dialog: Come to the cabaret,
dialog: I used to have a girl friend known as Elsie
dialog: tith whom I shared four sordid rocms
dialog: in Chelsea.
dialog: She wasn't what you'd call a blushing flower;
dialog: As a matter of fact, she rented by the hour,
dialog: The day she died the neighbors came to
dialog: snicker,
dialog: "Nell, that's what comes of too much pills
dialog: and liquor.
dialog: But when I saw her laid out like a queen,
dialog: She was the happiest corpse I'd ever seen.
dialog: I think of Elsie to this very day
dialog: I remember how she'd turn to me and say....
dialog: Page 127
speaker_heading: SALLY (cont)
dialog: what good is sitting alone in your room?
dialog: Come hear tne music play.
dialog: Life is a cabaret, old chum,
dialog: Come to the cabaret.
text: Put down the knitting, the book and the
dialog: broom,
dialog: Tire for a holiday. .
text: Lire is a cabaret, old chum,
dialog: Come to the cabaret.
dialog: And as for me, as for me,
dialog: I made my mind up back in Chelsea.
dialog: “men I go, I'm going like Elsie!
dialog: Start py admitting from cradle to tomb
dialog: Isn't that long a stay.
dialog: Life is a cabaret, old chum,
dialog: only a cabaret, old chum,
dialog: And I love a cabaret!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: |
scene_heading: EXT. STATION PLATFORM
text: BRIAN walking between tto trains: One preparing to
text: leave, the other pulling in -- just arriving.
text: lle approaches two uniformed WAZIS, They watch each
text: window of the arriving train, obviously awaiting
text: the arrival of someone with anticipated pleasure.
text: PAN.with BRIAN zs he passes the WAZIS and boards his
dialog: train.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER VOICE
dialog: Letze ansage! Berin-Paris Express
dialog: abfanrt vier uhr bahnsteig siebzehn.
dialog: Alle einsteigen, bitte! Letzte
dialog: ansage!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, TRAIN COMPARTHENT - NIGHT
text: RRIAN, sitting alone in the compartment. The train
text: begins to pull out. BRIAN sings softly to himself.
speaker_heading: BRIAN
dialog: (more a whisper than
dialog: singing)
dialog: Willkomuen, bienvenue, welcome,
dialog: Frende, etranger, Stranger.eces
speaker_heading: (BORE)
dialog: Page 128
speaker_heading: BRIAN (cont)
speaker_heading: (C's VOICE joins BRIAN's)
dialog: eeeeeGlucklich zu sehen,
dialog: Je suis encnante,
dialog: Happy to s@@ yOUseesrce
text: BRIAN stops singing as the HC's VOICE grows stronger.
speaker_heading: MC (VOICE OVER)
dialog: weeebleibe, reste, stay.
dialog: Willkommen, bienvenue, welcom@.ee
dialog: im Cabaret, au cabaret, to cabaret!
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: BRIAN'S POV - STATION PLATFORM - TRAIN MOVING
text: On the opposite train, a HAN appears at one of the
text: compartinent doors, He waves at the two NAZIS who
text: turn and greet him with the recognizable extended
text: arm salute, They stand that way, receding as
text: ve pull away with the departing train.
text: HC'S VOICE SEGUEING FROM SINGING INTO SPEECH, IS
scene_heading: HEARD OVER ABOVE ACTICH:
speaker_heading: MC (VOICE OVER)
dialog: iieine Dameh und Herren...Mesdames
dialog: et Messieurs...Ladies and
dialog: Gentlemen.e.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: Wr. KIT KAT KLUB WIGHT
speaker_heading: FULL FIGURE iC
speaker_heading: Hc (cont)
dialog: \here are your troubles now?
dialog: Forgotten? I told you so!
dialog: “le have no troubles here. Here
dialog: life is beautiful.,.the girls
dialog: are beautiful...even the orchestra
dialog: is beautiful.
text: The sleazy ALL-GIRL COiBO is rolled out on its
text: platform. They play the last eight bars of
text: “ITILLKOMMEN" as we see the audience we first sau,
dialog: middle-class BUISINESSH“N, their "IVES, their
text: CUSTOMERS, but scattered ameng them now, @ few
text: uniforms and swastika armbands, It is not as bright;
text: a dream-like quality prevails, The COMBO segues
dialog: 
dialog: ‘ " . Page 129
text: isto the downbeat for SALLY's vocal entrance as we
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
speaker_heading: FULL, FIGUPS SAIL
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Ft es : : . (singing)
dialog: ‘ Y made iy mind up back in Chelsea,
dialog: Jnen I go I'm going like Elsie.
dialog: (lights dim)
dialog: ee. from cradle to tomb
dialog: Isn't that long a stay,
dialog: Life is a cabaret, old chum,
dialog: Life is a cabaret, old chum,
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to give the effect of SALLY's
text: figure receding, It becomes smaller and smaller
text: as she repeats, singing:
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Life is a cabaret, old chum,
dialog: Life is a cabaret, old chum,
dialog: “~ Life is a cabaret, old chum,
dialog: {fades out)
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
speaker_heading: FULL FIGURE HC
text: Hanging in 3.G, is the large mirror. It reflects the
text: distorted image of the N.C, and his AUDIENCE.
dialog: H.C.
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Auf weidersehen...
dialog: (orchestra repeats melody
scene_heading: of “AUF WEIDERSEHEN")
dialog: A bientot...
dialog: (orchestra repeats
dialog: "A BIENTOT", .
dialog: Speaking)
dialog: Good night!
text: As a loud drumroll hits hard, the MC suddenly vanishes,
text: leaving the stage empty. The mirror reflecting
text: the distorted audience stares at us. As the drumroll
text: { ends with a lovd cymbal crash, superimpose
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
