dialog: ‘9
scene_heading: 323-937-2119 ph
dialog: Cabin Fever 2
speaker_heading: [Revised DRAFT]
dialog: Jéshua Malkin
dialog: 2/28/04
dialog: 
dialog: Cy
dialog: ~~
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - DUSK
text: A gorgeous vista, green and lush.
text: Beneath the canopy of branches, a small brook babbles over
text: moss covered rocks.
text: A bullfrog CROAKS loudly from its perch atop what looks
dialog: like... a human leg?
text: Sure enough, it’s attached to A BODY semi-submerged in the
text: water -- unrecognizable in the rapidly darkening light.
speaker_heading: BEGIN CREDITS
text: TIME ELLIPSE: Dusk gives way to night. The moon casts a
text: blue hue over the woods. The sun rises, illuminating the
text: body for the first time.
text: It’s PAUL. His clothing is largely torn away, revealing
text: purple flesh swollen with open sores. There is the dull hum
text: of swarming flies.
text: A shaft of sun carves its way through the thick nest of
text: branches and creeps across the glistening water. It travels
text: Paul’s torso, up to his neck. As the light hits his face,
text: his eyelids unexpectedly BURST OPEN and Paul tries to scream,
text: but only rasping air escapes his lips.
text: As he struggles to his feet - blood, puss, even small chunks
text: of skin splash into the water.
text: We follow the swirling GORE as it’s carried off downstream.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - CONTINUOUS
text: PULL BACK, widening our view of the forest and following the
dialog: route of the strean.
text: We RACE its course, across a meadow until we reach:
scene_heading: EXT. WATER BOTTLING PLANT - MORNING
text: CLOSE ON a sign reading: “Down Home Spring Water”
text: The stream dead enda into a man made pond, from which
text: protrude several enormous steel pipes.
scene_heading: INT. BOTTLING PLANT - CONTINUOUS
text: We follow the pipes into the Plant, and then the route of the
text: water through the production line. The water gets pumped
text: into holding tanks, then into the individual bottles. The
text: company slogan appears on each and every plastic container:
dialog: “Down Home Purity - From Us to You...”
scene_heading: EXT, FOREST ~- MORNING, LATER
text: Paul looks around dizzily for orientation. Dense forest on
text: three sides. Beside him, a steep embankment and at its
text: crest, he sees something. A passing CAR? A road?
text: He takes a few steps, clearly intent to make the climb, then
text: notices something on his bare chest. A leech. He plucks it
text: away. And sees another. And another. He’s covered in them!
text: He panics, tearing them off his flesh with wild-eyed disgust,
text: each bloated leech leaving behind an oozing wound.
scene_heading: EXT. EMBANKMENT, MOMENTS LATER
text: Paul crawls his way up the steep incline. The progress is
text: taxing. CRACK! His ankle buckles, twisting at a sharp angle
text: and shooting a thick stream of blood.
text: Paul’s watering eyes squeeze closed, but he does not stop.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD ~ MOMENTS LATER
text: Paul reaches the summit, his heart pounding in his head. The
text: world is spinning as he limps, delirious, into the road...
text: WHAP! A school bus smashes through Paul, instantly
text: liquefying him and exploding his contents over the front
text: grill. His remains are shotput twenty yards, then cartwheel
text: down the embankment and SPLASH land back into the stream.
text: The bus wheels screech as the vehicle skids to a stop. The
text: road fills with the sound of SCREAMING CHILDREN.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD, ACCIDENT SCENE - LATER
text: The school bus and its hysterical occupants are surrounded by
text: lit flares. The unconscious BUS DRIVER is loaded into a
text: waiting ambulance.
text: The only other officials on the scene - two FOREST RANGERS,
text: one male, one female - are pulling barricades across the
dialog: road. She’s young and frumpy. The Male Ranger [20s,
text: buzzcut] is clearly quite high on his responsibilities.
text: A SHERIFF’S CRUISER arrives, lights flashing. The door opens
text: and WINSTON’S booted leg glides to the pavement. He
text: approaches the bus, full swagger in his step.
speaker_heading: END CREDITS
scene_heading: INT. BUS - CONTINUOUS
text: It’s mayhem. Kids are Screaming, crying, some have already
text: been sick and others are on the verge.
text: REVEAL Winston, impatiently competing for their attention.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Kids, I’m Deputy Winston.
dialog: (no response)
dialog: All right now. If we can all just
dialog: settle down. Settle. Everything
text: is under control.
dialog: (still nothing)
dialog: All right! I’m going to need you
dialog: to shut up! Just shut the hel. up!
text: The wailing intensifies. Winston tugs his hair in
text: frustration... then pulls his GUN. This seems to work: A
text: HUSH falls over the bus. The kids stare, saucer-eyed.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Good. Thank you. Now look, the
text: bus seems to have hit a moose or
dialog: something. We’re gonna get you off
dialog: to school very soon okay?
text: A LITTLE BOY raises his hand. Winston lets the boy wait a
text: moment before calling on him.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: LITTLE BOY
dialog: Can I go to the baf-room?
text: A chorus of high-pitched voices erupt. Everyone has to go to
text: the goddamn bathroom. Winston’s world threatens to plunge
text: back into chaos, so he holds up his gun: a reminder. The
text: HUSH descends. Winston indicates to the boy.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: What number?
text: The boy slowly raises two fingers.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: No. No fucking way.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD, ACCIDENT SCENE - LATER
text: Winston is done. Investigation over. In the background, the
text: Male Ranger is dutifully inspecting the bus. Winston and the
text: Female Ranger light cigarettes.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: So, how’s it going?
dialog: (awkwardly flirtatious)
dialog: I got a forty in my cruiser...
text: The Male Ranger peels a strip of bloody cloth out of the
text: buses grill. It’s part of a pants leg.
speaker_heading: MALE RANGER
dialog: Found something! Don’t think deer
dialog: wear American Eagle.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: It was a deer. Let’s get these
dialog: kids to school. Or home. Wherever
dialog: the fuck they go.
text: The Male Ranger has now followed the splatter to the edge of
text: the embankment. He looks down and calls out:
speaker_heading: MALE RANGER
text: There’s a trail of blood - seems to
dialog: go down this hill!
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Okay then - let’s wrap things up.
text: The Male Ranger approaches, gets right in Winston’s face.
speaker_heading: MALE RANGER
dialog: Look, something died here and I
dialog: take that real serious. You need
dialog: to go somewhere, that’s fine by me.
dialog: T‘ll put it in my report. I know
dialog: over-promoted incompetence when I
dialog: see it, “Deputy.”
speaker_heading: FEMALE RANGER
dialog: Maybe we should check into this a
dialog: little further.
text: Winton sighs deeply, worn down.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Fine! Fine. We’ll poke around a
dialog: bit. Jesus.
text: The rumble of an approaching large vehicle -- it’s a Down
text: Home Water Bottle delivery truck. Winston waves it past.
scene_heading: INT. WATER TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: The DRIVER eyes the disaster with disgust.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Fucking gross.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A DIFFERENT ROAD - MORNING
text: The Water Bottle delivery truck proceeds on it’s journey. PAN
text: to see a sign which reads: “Leaving Bunyon County”
scene_heading: EXT. FOUR-LANE HIGHWAY
text: The truck merges with city traffic.
scene_heading: EXT. BIG CITY - DAY
text: The truck drives past a SPORTS STADIUM...
dialog: But we don’t stop.
text: Later: WE DRIVE PAST...CITY HALL...
dialog: But we don’t slow down.
text: WE DRIVE PAST...AN OLD FOLKS HOME...
text: We make turns onto a suburban RESIDENTIAL STREET. We drive
text: Past UPSCALE HOUSES and up to a LARGE HIGH SCHOOL.
text: The truck passes the entrance. The high school is spared?
text: No. The truck STOPS SUDDENLY. The white reverse lights
text: illuminate. The truck backs up, stops, and then TURNS INTO
text: THE HIGH SCHOOL DRIVEWAY.
scene_heading: EXT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL - PARKING LOT - DAY
text: The truck pulls up to the curb. It comes to rest by the
dialog: school entrance.
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL - HALLWAY
text: The DRIVER is wheeling the hand-truck down the hallway. We
text: pass all kinds of regular high school activity: kids talking
text: at lockers, kids walking around, kids making out. Some
text: attach balloons along the walls of the hallway.
text: We pass through a set of doors into...
scene_heading: INT. MI. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL - LUNCHROOM
text: Kids are eating, talking, horsing around.
text: The Driver pushes the water across the length of the
text: lunchroom. Kids bob and weave out of his way.
text: He pulls up to the front of the line and hoists a CASE OF
text: BOTTLED WATER onto the counter. The LUNCH LADY glares at
text: him, annoyed.
speaker_heading: LUNCH LADY
dialog: Yeah just drop that anywhere.
text: A SKINNY GIRL moving through the Line reaches for one of the
text: driver’s new bottles. As her hand touches it, she hesitates
text: and then... decides on a SODA.
text: A FAT GIRL moving through the line reaches for one of the
text: bottles. She hesitates. Instead, she grabs two large
scene_heading: CHOCOLATE MILKS.
text: ZACH, our hero, pulls a water right from the case. He’s a
text: small guy, with obvious potential and kind features.
text: Waiting for the Lunch Lady’s attention, he opens the bottle
text: and is JUST ABOUT TO SIP when A HAND SMACKS it away from his
text: lips. The open bottle skitters across the floor.
text: Zach turns to face DOUG, a towering, beady-eyed asshole.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Oops, sorry faggot.
text: Doug waltzes off. Zach grabs an Orange Juice.
speaker_heading: LUNCH LADY
dialog: {ringing Zach up)
dialog: OK, so that’s one water, one OJ...
dialog: (to the Truck Driver)
dialog: Put it all back there.
text: The Lunch Lady gestures toward’s the storage room.
text: The driver slides the case off of the counter and returns it
text: to the hand-truck. As he wheels to the back room - BAM!
text: TWO JOCKS, JACK and BOB, tackle each other, SMASHING into his
text: hand cart. The tower of water wobbles.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sorry. My bad.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Yeah. Our bad.
dialog: 7.
text: Jack and Bob brush themselves off and walk away. The Lunch
text: Lady and Driver continue to the back room.
text: As they walk, we see TWO BOTTLES HAVE BEEN TAKEN from the
dialog: driver’s cases!!! Nobody notices.
text: While he pushes the bottles behind the Lunch Lady...
text: We see Jack and Bob pulling their STOLEN WATER BOTTLES out
text: from beneath their jackets.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Sweet.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You owe me a buck.
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL - HALLWAY - SAME
text: The two Jocks burst through the lunchroom doors. They move
text: down the locker-lined corridor clutching their prize water.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: The limo, it’s got like four tv’s!
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Holy shit! We can totally--
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Watch the Game!
speaker_heading: BOB JACK
dialog: Go Panthers! Go Panthers!
text: They high-five as they round a corner. Jack turns toward’s
text: the school exit. Bob stops.
speaker_heading: BOB (CONT’D)
dialog: Where you going?
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: I’ve got a few things to take care
dialog: of. A little last minute romance.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: I‘1l see you later, right?
text: Jack opens the bottle and takes a swig in SALUTE as he heads
text: out the door, into the sunlight.
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Bob is mid-stride. He passes two GIRLS, NATASHA [preppy,
dialog: cute, jaded cheerleader] and KATIE [high-strung busybody. }
text: The girls are not friends, just locker neighbors.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Hey Natasha.
speaker_heading: NATASHA
dialog: You seen Jack?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Your boyfriend just took off.
text: Making preps for the special night.
speaker_heading: NATASHA
dialog: YOUR boyfriend, you mean?
text: Bob stares at her dumbly.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: She’s kidding, silly.
speaker_heading: NATASHA
dialog: Not really.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You going to Prom, Katie?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Of course! Prom is going to be
dialog: amazing, aren’t you pumped?! I’m
dialog: on the decorating committee, so I
dialog: can assure you - it’s going to be,
dialog: like, totally beautiful.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (being nice)
dialog: Total touchdown.
speaker_heading: NATASHA
dialog: Please, please stop speaking in
dialog: Football-ese.
text: Katie retrieves several blister packs of allergy medication
text: from her bag, then eyes Bob’s bottle of water.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Hey. Can I have that?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Uh...sure. Yeah.
text: Bob tosses and SHE CATCHES IT.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (to Katie)
dialog: See you later.
dialog: (to Natasha)
dialog: Take another Valium, kay?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (oblivious)
dialog: Okay! See ya, Bob!
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL - LOCKERS - DAY
text: Zach confers with best-friend SHAMS [loudmouth, endearing
text: geek-prince] while removing books from their lockers. Bob
text: passes behind them, CHANTING the school Fight Rally.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Wait... what are you gonna do?
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: I’m gonna shave my nuts! All the
dialog: pros do it. Every one.
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: I doubt that Katie will venture
dialog: anywhere near your nuts.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: Yeah, I can’t believe she’s
dialog: date. But at least I had the balls
dialog: to ask someone.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: You and your hairy, hairy balls.
text: They both laugh, close their lockers, and shuffle off.
scene_heading: EXT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, PARKING LOT - DAY
text: “MOOSE,” a huge and eager student bearing more than a passing
text: resemblance to his nickname, squeezes out of an old Volvo
text: filled with KEGS. He looks to a group of kids smoking.
speaker_heading: MOOSE
speaker_heading: KEGS BABY!
text: Moose jogs over to join CHRIS WELCH, the cool, rich, uber-
text: stud (Part Spader, Part Stifler), his friend TYLER (silent,
dialog: tough guy] and part-time shadow, Doug [the asshole.]
speaker_heading: MOOSE (CONT’D)
dialog: My Uncle saw me lifting the stuff
dialog: from his store. Can’t go back...
dialog: 10.
text: Chris holds out a fist full of bills.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Fine. But we still need ice, cups,
dialog: Jello, funnels, hoses - you know
dialog: the drill. Get everything you can.
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: Okay. I have a club card. It’s
dialog: got dynamite savings. Dynamite.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Drop the gear outside my house.
dialog: Come back for the party at seven.
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: You got it!
text: Moose starts squeezing himself back into the tiny car. Chris
text: heads towards the school with Tyler and Doug.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: to Moose)
dialog: And don’t invite any dicks.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Yeah. No dicks.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Shut up, Doug.
text: Doug smolders.
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Chris, flanked by Doug and Tyler, walks with great purpose.
text: Everybody acknowledges him. He owns this place.
text: They pass: a handsome loner, always referred to by his last
text: name - WEBER, putting stuff in his locker. He hates school.
dialog: Hates most things.
text: VAL an UNATTRACTIVE bespectacled girl, stands beside him.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Go to Prom with me?
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: No.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Please?
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: No.
text: The trio NEXT cross paths with Zach and Shams. As they pass,
text: Doug SHOULDERS Zach as hard as he can, knocking him into the
text: lockers with a painful BANG.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Oops. Sorry, faggot.
text: Chris stops. Looks at Zach with dim recognition, then
text: surprising sympathy.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (to Doug)
dialog: Dude. Not cool.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (innocently)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (to Tyler)
dialog: I’ll catch up with you guys later.
text: Tyler and Doug reluctantly but obediently trudge up the hall.
text: It’s just Chris, Zach, and Shams. Awkward,
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Hey there, Chris.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Zach-ster. What up?
speaker_heading: SHAMS:
dialog: (over-eager, very uncool)
dialog: Chris - you know I was thinking, I
dialog: sould totally hook you up with some
dialog: killer gear for your next party -
dialog: smoke machines, mirror balis — my
dialog: cousin works at this theatrical
dialog: lighting company...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: So Zach, you got a sec?
dialog: (re: Shams)
dialog: In private?
dialog: It’s tough to say “no” to the most popular guy in school.
text: Shams (for once) recognizes when he’s not wanted.
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: Don’t mind me. I’11 just go to the
text: parking lot and suck exhaust from
text: someone‘s tailpipe.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: absently)
dialog: Sounds great, you do that.
text: Chris wraps an arm around Zach’s shoulders and leads him off.
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH - DIFFERENT HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chris and Zach head briskly down the hall. Chris manages to
dialog: greet every (worthy) passerby without breaking atride. It’s
dialog: second nature to him.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You know I’ve always liked you
dialog: Zach. I mean, we were practically
dialog: best friends.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: That was like, in the second grade.
dialog: We’ve barely spoke since.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah, well... you know how it is.
dialog: But back then, you always stood up
dialog: for me, and I swore I’d never
dialog: forget it. Seeing that it’s almost
dialog: the end of senior year and you’re
dialog: probably gonna disappear to some
dialog: freaky private school...
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: I was accepted to Princeton.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: Princeton? No shit?
dialog: (sighs it off)
dialog: Cool, man. Well, anyway I think
dialog: it’s high time you attend one of my
dialog: parties. And my pre-prom blowout
dialog: is going to be the best yet. You
dialog: can’t miss it.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: I don’t know what to say. I’m
dialog: supposed to be honored, right?
speaker_heading: CBRIS
dialog: Fuckin-A you are. And bring your
dialog: date - she’1ll think you’re a
dialog: fucking Rock Star.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CHRIS (cont'd)
dialog: (pauses, concerned)
dialog: Unless she’s a troll. Who is she?
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Chris, I appreciate the thought--
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You don‘t have a date. No prob,
dialog: there’1l be plenty of trim there.
dialog: (considering)
dialog: Zach, you ever seen honest to God,
dialog: real-life teenage breasts?
dialog: (off zach’s blank stare)
dialog: Just answer the question.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: No. No I haven’t. Happy now?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Not happy, but I better understand
dialog: how you’ve found time to get into
dialog: the Ivy Leagues. Please accompany
dialog: me on the next stop on my rounds.
text: They continue through double doors that wheeze closed behind
text: them. The doors read: “Girls Locker Room”
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH - GIRL‘S LOCKER ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Ladies are in various stages of undress; they remove FIELD
text: HOCKEY UNIFORMS AND SHOWER. A few, standing by lockers spot
text: the invading boys. A nervous girl, WENDY, throws on a towel.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Chris...!
text: Zach nervously follows Chris into the room, looking around.
text: JANINE, an angry girl who is half dressed, steps forward.
speaker_heading: JANINE
dialog: Get out!
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Don’t worry, Chubbs. We’re not
dialog: looking at ya.
text: Janine, now humiliated, turns away.
text: Chris walks right into the shower room. Zach pauses,
text: shielding his eyes (but peeking through his fingers.)
text: Naked girls cover themselves, turn off the water and run, or
text: grab towels. LESLIE, a female nerd, runs away from Chris.
speaker_heading: LESLIE
dialog: What the fuck, Chris?
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I’ve got big news to tell my girl.
text: SASHA, a gorgeous blonde, stands beside BROOKE, a cute
text: Brunette. They grab towels. Chris addresses Sasha.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: It’s happening, Sash. Seven
dialog: o’clock. Okay?
text: Sasha runs up and hugs Chris. They share a kiss. Sasha
text: turns to Brooke.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Brooke! Are you so excited?
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Um... sure. Another party?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Party of the century. Literally.
dialog: I may never even make it to Prom.
text: Brooke exits the shower. Sasha's eyes harden.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: You're making it to Prom. We're
dialog: making it to Prom! I’ve been
text: getting ready for six months.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Sure, baby. Whatever you say.
text: The girls in the locker room start taking an interest. Two
text: BOOKWORM GIRLS, MARIE AND GINA, approach Chris.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: Can I come?
speaker_heading: GINA
dialog: Who’s invited?
text: Chris looks at all the girls.
speaker_heading: CHRIS.
dialog: Hmmm. Let me see. You... You...
dialog: and seseeeee YOu.
dialog: 
text: MEANWHILE Zach can’t take his eyes off BROOKE. She’s started
text: getting dressed and seems to have little interest in the
text: antics around her. She’s very pretty in a tough, no nonsense
dialog: sort of way. Zach likes her a lot.
text: Wendy, still wearing just a towel, walks over nervously.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Chris? Can I come?
text: Chris looks at her. There’s a long beat. Slowly, she opens
text: her towel and shows him her BOOBS.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: --.Sure. Yeah.
text: Wendy goes bananas. She hugs her friends like she’s won on
dialog: “The Price is Right.”
scene_heading: INT. BIOLOGY CLASS - AFTERNOON
text: Lab partners Zach and Shams are huddled over a half-dissected
text: frog, an open textbook beside them.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: Chris. That guy is SO dick.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: He is what he is.
dialog: (offering the scalpel)
dialog: You want to try?
speaker_heading: SHAMS:
dialog: Hell no. You’re the brains of this
dialog: outfit.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: What does that make you?
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: The non-virgin.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: You know, lies make Jesus cry.
text: Shams observes as Zach’s dextrous hands perform the
text: dissection flawlessly. He’s no small talent.
speaker_heading: ZACH (CONT’D)
dialog: (stuck in memory)
dialog: I still can’t believe I was in the
dialog: Girls locker room.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: I can’t believe you saw Brooke
dialog: naked and your head didn’t fucking
dialog: explode.
text: Zach removes one of the frogs legs.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: That fucker is so glad he’s dead.
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Actually, if done right the frog
dialog: could survive an amputation like
dialog: this quite easily, and with
text: surprisingly little pain.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: Good to know. So. What was it
dialog: that Lord Chris wanted exactly?
text: Zach averts his friends eyes; hesitant, uncomfortable.
scene_heading: INT. “HAMBURGER HUT” - AFTERNOON
text: Shams and Zach share a table with pals ERIC and SCOTT, both
text: uber-geeks, each wearing vintage “Atari” T-Shirts.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: What do you mean you’re not going?
dialog: Of course we’re going!
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: He didn’t exactly invite “us.”
speaker_heading: scorTT
dialog: Tonight’s our X-Box tournament!
dialog: It’s totally set. I got the DSL
dialog: line inatalied and everything.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: I know. I’m psyched.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: This is the chance of a lifetime.
dialog: You couldn’t possibly prefer to
dialog: play fucking videogames!
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Maybe he would.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: As the only one of us with a female
dialog: date this evening, let me just
dialog: say... Shut the fuck up, Eric.
dialog: scorr
dialog: Maybe the party would be cool...
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: (smiles patronizingly)
dialog: Dude? No way. Look at yourselves,
dialog: never gonna happen.
text: Scott and Eric look at themselves as instructed.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: scorT
dialog: (wounded)
dialog: Whatever.
text: Brooke breezes in and takes a seat alone by the window.
text: She‘s all in black, and looks both moody and intimidating.
speaker_heading: ERIC
text: Dude. Princess Leia. 3 o’Clock.
text: Their heads turn in unison; Zach's snaps back, mortified.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Hey. Let’s not stare, okay?
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Just go talk to her.
text: Zach doesn’t budge. Shams stands, theatrically thin on
dialog: patience.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: This is fucking ridiculous. Zach -
dialog: this is how it’s going down. I’m
dialog: walking over there. I’m getting
dialog: you a fucking prom date. And in
dialog: exchange, you’re bringing me, my
dialog: date, and her -
dialog: (pointing at Brooke)
dialog: ~ to Chris’s party. End of
dialog: discussion.
text: Before anyone can get a word in edgewise, Shams is moving
text: across the diner. JZach’s heart rockets into his throat.
text: ZACH’S POV: Shams approaches Brooke. Introduces himself.
text: Chats. He CAN’T HEAR what they’re saying. Shams takes a
text: seat. They keep talking. Brooke starts LAUGHING.
dialog: scotr
dialog: Holy shit. I think it’s working!
text: Suddenly Brooke stands and approaches the table. still
text: smiling, she looks straight at Zach.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: It’s Zach, right?
text: He nods, stupidly.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Please don’t ever sick your greasy,
text: pea-brained minion on me again.
dialog: Next time, just grow a pair, okay?
text: With that, Brooke heads out the front door.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: ERIC scortr
dialog: OOOCOOOCO! Et ooooococe!!!
text: Zach shoots Shama a look; “what the hell?!” Sham’s shrugs
dialog: back; “Sorry dude.”
scene_heading: EXT. “HAMBURGER HUT” - CONTINUOUS
text: Zach chases her out. He gets a hand on her shoulder, turns
dialog: her around.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: What?
text: zach is utterly sincere, and visibly nervous. He breaths
text: deeply and speaks rapidly, not missing a beat.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Look, I’m sorry. Fact is, my
dialog: friend wasn’t exactly operating at
dialog: my request - but I’m not entirely
dialog: upset because I’ve been meaning to
dialog: talk to you for a long time. Now
dialog: that I have your attention I’d like
dialog: to pay, I think you’re very
dialog: intriguing, not to mention quite
dialog: beautiful. I’ve secured an
dialog: invitation to Chris’s party, which
dialog: at the very least promises to be
dialog: very memorable. Of course, tonight
dialog: is also prom and due to the
dialog: previously discussed “lack of
dialog: balls” condition from which I
dialog: suffer, I have no date. If you
dialog: also are without a date, I’d be
text: sublimely excited and deeply
dialog: honored to take you.
text: She stares at him ~- then smiles, flattered and charmed.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST - AFTERNOON
text: Winston stands with the two rangers, gazing down at the red
text: pulp that used to be Paul, dissolving in the stream.
speaker_heading: MALE RANGER
dialog: That‘s a guy right? Was a guy?
text: Winston stares, self-conscious and deeply rattled. After
dialog: all, he knows exactly how the body got here...
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - CABIN FEVER 1:
dialog: 19.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CRUISER - NIGHT
text: PAUL lies in the back seat as Winston drives, intermittently
text: sipping from a beer.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: (voice croaking, dying)
dialog: I need... water...
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: I ain’t got no water man, all I got
dialog: is a Forty. But if you want some
dialog: water I'll find some for you, okay?
dialog: You just sit tight buddy, 1I’11 take
dialog: care of you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FOREST ~ NIGHT
text: Paul lies in the stream.
scene_heading: END FLASHBACK.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: The Male Ranger prods the body with a stick. It SQUIRTS
text: liquid, missing him by inches.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: I wouldn’t do that.
text: The Ranger backs off, startled.
speaker_heading: MALE RANGER
dialog: You know what did this?
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: A disease, I think. Eats your
text: flesh right off.
speaker_heading: FEMALE RANGER
dialog: Nasty!
text: The Male Ranger looks from the body to the blood carried off
text: in the water. Eyes widen as he puts two and two together...
speaker_heading: MALE RANGER
dialog: Oh God. Where do you suppose the
dialog: water goes?
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Why?
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: MALE RANGER
dialog: What if it feeds a well? Ora
dialog: reservoir?
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Oh fuck...
speaker_heading: MALE RANGER
dialog: Exactly.
dialog: (re: the stream)
dialog: We need to see where this goes.
speaker_heading: FEMALE RANGER
dialog: (reassuringly, to Winston)
dialog: I’1l keep looking for that deer.
speaker_heading: MALE RANGER
dialog: Contact Fish and Game for
dialog: extraction. They can get tissue
dialog: samples tested.
dialog: (to Winston)
dialog: Let’s get a move on.
text: Winston hangs his head. This is not good.
scene_heading: INT. FOREMAN’S OFFICE, BOTTLING PLANT - AFTERNOON
text: The disgruntled FOREMAN faces Winston and the two Rangers. He
text: dabs his sweating brow with a dirty handkerchief.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Just a little flu. Been going
dialog: around and kinda snuck up on me.
dialog: I appreciate your concern, but
dialog: everything is fine.
speaker_heading: MALE RANGER
dialog: Do you do any regular tests on the
dialog: water itself?
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Water is pure. I drink it all the
dialog: time! Everyone here does.
text: Winston and the Ranger follow his gaze to the factory floor
text: below. Everything is not fine. WORKERS are universally
text: suffering from symptoms; coughing, dizziness, fevers.
text: PAN BACK just as the Foreman grabs a bottle off his desk.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: Gotta stay hydrated. It’s the best
dialog: thing.
text: As the Foreman tilts back his head to drink, they SPOT a
text: purplish sore on the underside of his chin.
dialog: 21.
text: Winston takes a slow step back from the man.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: (to Foreman)
dialog: Will you excuse us a moment?
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY, BOTTLING PLANT - CONTINUOUS
text: Winston and the Ranger talk urgently just outside the office.
text: The Ranger is chomping at the bit to escalate things.
speaker_heading: MALE RANGER
dialog: We gotta call the Feds. The FBI--
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Hold on a sec. We close this
dialog: place, we should have this more or
dialog: less contained.
text: QUICK FLASHBACK: They both recall the image of Winston waving
text: the water delivery truck past the accident scene.
speaker_heading: WINSTON (CONT’D)
dialog: shit.
speaker_heading: MALE RANGER
dialog: (enthuslastic)
dialog: I’m making the call!
text: The Ranger rushes off down the hall.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: No one probably drank any...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - EARLY EVENING
text: Jack pulls his Camaro up to the curb. He leans to the
text: backseat and grabs his Letterman’s Jacket. We see the
text: FINISHED WATER BOTTLE LAYING BESIDE IT.
text: He walks to the back of the car and opens the trunk. Inside
text: we see flowers, an envelope with Natasha’s name on it, and a
text: banner. The banner reads: “I LOVE YOU NATASHA”. Jack
text: squeezes these items into his backpack. He’s pumped.
scene_heading: EXT. NATASHA’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: A gorgeous two-story home. Jack sneaks up to a window.
text: Inside, Natasha is trying on a prom dress with her mother.
text: They’re chatting and having a good time. Jack smiles.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: She‘s gonna love this.
dialog: 22.
text: Jack walks around to the backyard, looks up and FINDS a
text: bedroom window with pink curtains. He smiles again.
text: Seen from behind, REVEAL that the back of Jack’s neck is
text: covered in a dripping sore.
text: He quickly inspects the ivy-covered trellis and begins to
text: climb. He makes quick progress, though the rough ivy keeps
text: getting in the way.
text: WOOOSH! A couple of branches beneath his right foot SNAP,
text: and he falle about a foot.
text: CRUNCH! Sharp pieces of wood nick his palm.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Damn!
text: Jack keeps moving, wincing as his hands make each grab.
text: BLOOD trickles down his fingers.
text: He takes another grab, and his face scrunches in pain. The
text: sore has spread to his wrist.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: What the..?
text: The fingers on his left hand slowly open revealing some puss.
text: The hand loses it’s strength. RIIIIPPP!!!:! HIS HAND SLIDES
text: BOWN THE IVY, TWIGS TEAR HIS PALMS APART.
text: He anchors his feet. Tears fill his eyes as he looks down.
text: It’s almost 20 feet to the ground.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: You can make it.
text: He closes his eyes, and takes a few more grabs... each time,
dialog: losing more skin.
text: The eave is just a couple of feet further. He stares at the
text: bedroom. It’s not too far away.
text: Jack reaches the lip of the eave. He rests for a moment.
text: SQUAP! A knuckle pops. Blood spurts on his tux.
text: He locks down again. The ground appears to be swaying. His
text: breath comes in huge rasps.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: (very faint)
dialog: Help...! Help me...!
dialog: No one‘s gonna hear. He’s on his own.
dialog: 23.
text: In one motion, he SWINGS himself up, landing on the roof! He
text: is on his stomach, spread-eagle on the black asphalt
text: shingles. He lays his cheek on the stubbly surface.
text: Then... his body begins to slide.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: No. No.
text: He lands on the SHARP EDGE of the rain gutter. KINK!
text: THE EDGE CUTS HIS HANDS AND FOREARMS. Blood floats along the
text: white rim. He looks up at the bedroom. Natasha is inside,
text: changing. Despite the pain, Jack is momentarily distracted.
dialog: She’s a hottie.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Damn.
text: The sound of BENDING METAL. THE GUTTER GIVES. Jack FALLS.
text: SNAP! His body folds as he crunches off the patio table and
text: rolls into a deep thatch of bushes. His face hits the firm
text: tundra. His backpack bounces onto the lawn.
text: Jack lays in the bushes, trying to speak. He only gurgles up
text: a mouthful of blood before passing out.
scene_heading: INT. SHAMS HOUSE - EVENING
text: Shams is in a suit, rather than a tux. It looks good, though
text: doesn’t fit quite right. Shams’ house in general is cut from
text: a lesser cloth.
text: Shams turns to split, and runs smack into his father,
scene_heading: SARGEANT FRANK [50s, mean.]
speaker_heading: SARGEANT FRANK
dialog: I’m not bailing your loser ass out
dialog: of jail. Whatever this night has
dialog: in store, just bear that in mind.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: Okay. Right back at you.
scene_heading: EXT. ZACH’S HOUSE - EVENING
text: Zach runs up the steps of his house. A tuxedo bag is draped
text: over his shoulder. He has a spring in his step. He flies
text: through the front door.
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: INT. ZACH’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Zach bounds into the hall, and then up the stairs - taking
dialog: them 3 at a time.
text: Zach enters his bedroom, puts the tux on his bed, and turns
text: on the stereo. Zach goes to the closet and pulls out
dialog: everything he needs.
scene_heading: MONTAGE BEGINS. UPBEAT MUSIC OVER:
scene_heading: INT. BROOKE’S HOUSE - EVENING
text: Brooke sits at the dinner table with her PARENTS and LITTLE
text: SISTER. She has her hair setting with curlers and pins. She
text: clearly isn’t the type for make-up and fancy dress, and
text: manages to looks both excited and miserable at the same time.
speaker_heading: BROOKE’S SISTER
dialog: I thought you said - boys, dances,
dialog: all that - was bull...
speaker_heading: BROOKE’S MOM
dialog: Language!
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Don’t you have dolls to play with?
speaker_heading: BROOKE’S SISTER
dialog: Who’d have thought. My sister in
dialog: pink.
text: The two share a laugh.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MI. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, GYMNASIUM - EVENING
text: Delivery trucks roll in to the Banquet Hall parking lot. A
text: sign outside reads: WELCOME CLASS OF 2006.
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, GYMNASIUM - EVENING
text: Big piles of chairs and large tables are being moved into a
text: large ballroom by professionals.
text: Student Band members set up their instruments.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: INT. KATIE’S HOUSE - EVENING
text: Katie is on the phone in her bedroom. She stands in front of
text: a full length mirror wearing her prom dress.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: I know that I should be there, but
dialog: it’s Chris’s party - and this might
dialog: be my last chance.
dialog: (for emphasis)
dialog: Chris's party.
text: Katie sees a SIX INCH SORE on her left shoulder. She checks
text: up close. It’s blistering, black and green.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Oh my God!
dialog: (back to the call)
dialog: Not The balloons are in clusters
text: of five, the streamers get braided.
dialog: We talked about this!
text: She goes to her closet and pulls out A BUNCH OF DRESSES. she
text: drapes them across herself while looking in the mirror.
text: One has a high back that will COVER THE SORE.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Because Shams invited me. Shams.
dialog: My date.
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: The guy in Geometry that never
text: shuts up.
scene_heading: INT. DENTIST OFFICE - EVENING
text: Doug and Tyler, both in tuxes, struggle with an enormous
text: steel tank; rolling it on edge towards the door.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Move it, fuck-nut. Jesus - you’re
dialog: such a little bitch...
speaker_heading: VOICE [OFF]
dialog: Dougie?
text: Doug and Tyler instinctively drop the heavy cylinder with a
text: resounding CLANG. It’s DR. VIOLA, kind-faced and an even
text: kinder heart, but definitely soft in the head...
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Dad?
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: DR. VIOLA
dialog: Don’t you boys look handsome. Is
dialog: that little Tyler?
dialog: {noticing the tank)
dialog: What are you doing with my Nitrous?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Nitrous? Serious? Ohmygod, I
dialog: thought it was Helium.
scene_heading: INT. BANQUET HALL BALLROOM - EVENING
text: CLOSE ON: Helium balloons being inflated.
text: Kids are raising a large sign across the wall. It reads:
text: TIME OF OUR LIVES.
text: Mr. Sheppard and the lunch-lady are on the dance floor. They
text: share a modest tango while people work around them.
scene_heading: INT. SCOTT’S BASEMENT - EVENING
text: Scott ushers Eric into the techno-geek paradise that is his
text: father’s basement. 42 inch Plasma widescreen. Tower
text: speakers. Massive amplifier. And resting on it’s own
text: glorious pedestal... the X-Box.
text: Scott presses the power button ominously.
dialog: scorr
dialog: May the mayhem begin.
text: The boys’ faces are bathed in light as the “HALO 2” opening
text: graphics fill the screen, and bass rattles the earth.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: (deeply humbled)
dialog: Awesome.
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: INT. ROADSIDE DINER - EVENING
text: The TRUCK DRIVER sits at the counter of a small greasy spoon
text: diner. He has a bottle of water in his right hand. He
text: finishes chewing his dinner. HE LOOKS SICK.
text: He coughs out his mouthful of food. BLOOD sprays all over
text: the counter.
text: He coughs again. Another. Another. A bigger one. Another.
text: A waitress ducks out of the way.
text: Customers scramble to avoid the flying blood.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: DINER CUSTOMER 1
dialog: Call an ambulance!
speaker_heading: DINER CUSTOMER 2
dialog: What was he eating?
speaker_heading: cuUT TOs
scene_heading: INT. ZACH’S HOUSE - EVENING
text: Zach runs down his hallway stairs. He is dressed in his
text: tuxedo. He carries the corsage. His PARENTS stand by the
text: open door. They, like Zach, are small and full of warmth.
speaker_heading: ZACH’S DAD
dialog: I’m so proud of you.
speaker_heading: ZACH’S MOM
dialog: Look at my little man.
speaker_heading: ZACH’S DAD
dialog: If you need anything, don’t
dialog: hesitate to call, okay?
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: It’s Prom. I think I’1l be okay.
speaker_heading: ZACH’S MOM
dialog: Did you remember your inhaler?
text: Zach loves them, but enough with the neurotic babying
text: already. He kisses them and walks out.
dialog: curt TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BROOKE’S HOUSE - EVENING
text: zach escorts Brooke towards the limo, while her MOM and DAD
text: snap photos like rabid paparazzi. She looks gorgeous.
text: Zach opens the limo door for her. He’s about to... but
text: chickens out of a kiss.
scene_heading: INT. LIMO - EVENING
text: Zach and Brooke ride in the limo, drinking champagne, and
text: sharing awkward glances. REVEAL Shams and Katie are also
text: along. He’s aggressively trying to get his lips on her.
text: She’s having none of it.
text: Shams PUTS HIS HEAD OUT THROUGH THE ROOF WINDOW. He pumps
text: both arms in the air.
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
text: THIS IS FREAKIN! AWESOME!
text: The limo stops at a red light as he’s yelling. An Asian guy,
text: waiting at the light in a convertible, looks back.
speaker_heading: ASIAN DRIVER
dialog: Take it easy, kid. It’s just prom.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE
text: The limo pulls up to the house. There are several other
text: limos, and a number of cars. The house is HUGE. It sIvTs
text: ATOP A HILL on a large piece of land, by itself. The entire
text: backside is SURROUNDED BY TREES.
text: Zach, Brooke, Sham, and Katie finish their champagne as they
text: ease up the driveway.
scene_heading: MUSIC FADES. END OF MONTAGE.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE - EVENING
text: There’s a swimming pool, hot tub, wooden cabana and tables
text: with food. Streamers, Torches and Multi-Colored Patio Lights
text: create the mood. Chris is mixing drinks.
text: Music BLARES from backyard speakers. The party is awinging.
text: Sasha walks past with a tray of JELLO SHOTS in her hand.
text: A JOINT is being passed around. It arrives at Bob.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Yeah, me and Jack - we’re taking a
dialog: year off for some serious training.
text: Then it's off to the NFL.
dialog: {off the blank stares)
dialog: Pro-wrestling is the back-up plan.
text: He passes to Moose.
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: Sometimes I think about the future.
dialog: You know, college. And... wait. I
dialog: forgot what I was gonna say.
text: Moose takes a second, bigger hit, and passes it to Weber.
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: College is a scam to maintain the
dialog: middle-class. And the future is
dialog: fucked man, totally fucked,
dialog: 29.
text: Weber takes a hit. He offers the joint to Val. She does a
text: weak inhale and pantomimes an exhale.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Yeah. Look at the colors. I am so
dialog: wasted.
text: Weber rolls his eyes. He walks off, and passes the joint to
text: ASHLEY [token slut.] She takes a huge hit, and hands it to
text: JIMMY, a true pothead. Ashley joins Sasha.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: (to Weber, re: Val) )
dialog: Who the hell did you come with?
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: Not with her.
dialog: (on second thought)
dialog: What do you care, skank?
text: She flips him off and they part ways. BACK to Jimmy. He
text: inhales, savors thoughtfully, and exhales.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Man, who rolled this joint? It’s
dialog: amateur hour.
text: He lubricates it with his mouth then takes another deep hit.
text: He walks to a GROUP standing a few feet away, tapas a guy on
text: the shoulder. He turns around. It’s.. » ZACH, with Shams,
text: Katie, and Brooke.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: ‘Urammim. «s+
text: He looks to Brooke for confirmation. Zach is out of his
text: element, he’d be game but... she shakes her head.
speaker_heading: ZACH (CONT’D)
dialog: No thanks. Maybe later.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: None for me. The prom committee
dialog: would kill me, can you imagine?
dialog: (eager)
dialog: Have you seen Chris?
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: No. Wait, actually yes.
dialog: (thinks, very high)
dialog: Who's “Chris?”
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: I’l1l take that, thanks.
text: Shame takes a puff, smiles, and then looks to the crowd.
dialog: 30,
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: Does anybody want a hit?
text: Heads turn. Lots of hands go up. A small group begins to
text: FORM AROUND THE JOINT, including:
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Where the hell is Natasha?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (anxiously)
dialog: And where the hell is Jack?
scene_heading: EXT. NATASHA’S HOUSE - EVENING
text: Natasha pouts in a bench on her front porch, miserable. Her
text: dress is rumpled. Her FATHER sits quietly beside her.
speaker_heading: NATASHA
dialog: I can’t believe that football
dialog: obsessed retard stood me up.
speaker_heading: NATASHA’S DAD
dialog: I’m so sorry, sweetie.
speaker_heading: NATASHA
dialog: Thanks, pop. It’s just... it’s
dialog: Prom, you know? PROM.
text: She starts to CRY, wipes a finger beneath her nose.
speaker_heading: NATASHA’S DAD
dialog: I never liked him.
text: The dad holds her tight. Suddenly a SCREAM.
text: Alarmed, they RUSH towards the source - into the backyard.
text: Natasha’s MOM is frozen in SHOCK, staring into the bushes.
text: The family TERRIER is licking blood from JACK’S UPTURNED
text: PALMS! Jack’s body is horrifically contorted.
speaker_heading: NATASHA’S DAD
dialog: NO, Baxter!
text: The dog YELPS. Natasha shields her face and turns away.
text: Jack MOVES. They all JUMP. He weakly mouths “HELP.”
speaker_heading: NATASHA’S DAD
dialog: Dee, get an ambulance!
text: Natasha’s mom runs inside. Natasha’s dad notices the tux,
text: sees the fallen backpack and gifts. He smiles Badly.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: NATASHA’S DAD
text: Help’s on the way.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. BOTTLING PLANT - DUSK
text: The building has been swarmed by Feds. A dozen Black sUvs
text: and white vans are parked outside.
text: Inside, INFECTED WORKERS have been herded into the breakroom.
text: They pound against the locked doors. Intermittent SCREAMS
text: and MOANS pierce the walls. It’s haunting.
text: Officers part to make way for AGENT RIDGE [tall,
text: intimidating, a man of very, very few words.] He approaches
text: the MALE RANGER.
speaker_heading: MALE RANGER
dialog: (towards the breakroom)
dialog: They’re all gonna die?
speaker_heading: AGENT RIDGE
text: cDc is en route.
speaker_heading: MALE RANGER
dialog: The CDC -- it won’t be... like that
dialog: guy in the stream?
text: Agent Ridge ignores him, turning his attention to Winston,
text: whom he sizes up with a single up-down glance. He doesn’t
text: like what he sees.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Deputy Winston, Bunyon County.
text: Sidelong glances and WHISPERS ripple through the room.
speaker_heading: AGENT RIDGE
dialog: Bunyon County?
dialog: (intrigued)
dialog: An infected patient disappeared
dialog: from your hospital? In the woods,
dialog: folks burned in an open bonfire?
dialog: We‘ve just started looking into it,
dialog: but what a shitstorm.
text: Winston can only stare back at him. His mouth opens to
text: protest, then closes, A Junior Agent rushes in:
speaker_heading: JUNIOR AGENT 1
dialog: Ridge! We picked up a report from
text: Mt. Vernon, 30 miles East. The
text: water truck was located at a diner.
dialog: The driver was DOA.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR AGENT 2
dialog: And an ambulance just picked up a
dialog: kid, same town, different area.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR AGENT 2 (cont'd)
dialog: They’re reporting infection -
dialog: “unknown pathogen.”
speaker_heading: AGENT RIDGE
dialog: (to Junior Agents)
dialog: You know what to do.
dialog: (to Winston)
dialog: Let’s roll, “Deputy.”
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS‘ HUGE PARTY HOUSE - EVENING
text: Chris carries bottles of wine across his elegant living room.
text: Bob, with a beer cup in his hand and his tuxedo shirt totally
text: unbuttoned, is looking at a fine African statue. He touches
text: it, fondling the wood.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You break it, you buy it.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: I’m not doing anything.
dialog: (as if this explains)
dialog: Ashley is totally ticked at me. T
dialog: think it’s gonna be World War III.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Prom wouldn’t be prom without at
dialog: least one.
text: Bob shrugs. Who cares. Chris sets the wine at the bar and
text: surveys the digs. Joints are going around. Everybody has a
text: cup. The music is up. The party is a tremendous success.
text: Zach and Brooke are sharing a deck chair, Zach is slowly
text: coming out of his shell. A tray of jello shots passes and
text: they each snag one.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: You just eat it?
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: (mouth full of Jello)
dialog: Yeah!
text: Zach does the same. BEAT. The moment is pregnant with a
text: potential kiss. Brooke, shyly leans a bit closer... just as:
text: Moose and CINDY, his (enormous) date, JUMP INTO THE POOL,
text: ruining the moment.
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: Fuck all ya’1llt!! cCannonballtt!!
text: The resulting tidal wave drenches the patio. Revelers GROAN.
dialog: 33.
text: One splash falls on some shoes, we rise up to see Katie's
text: back. Her sore is now visible around the base of her neck.
text: Nobody hae noticed, including Shams, talking to (at) her.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: So, long story long, I was accepted
dialog: to all three schools, but Columbia
dialog: has the best program. After living
dialog: in this shitpit so long, I really
dialog: think I’m more of a city guy...
dialog: (sees she’s not listening)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I feel weird. I think I’m...
dialog: (with realization)
dialog: Drunk?
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: (un-smooth)
dialog: Oh - You want to... maybe we can
dialog: find an empty room inside?
text: Disgusted, Katie grabs ANOTHER glass of champagne and stands
text: abruptly. She covers her mouth to stifle a rasping COUGH.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I’ll be right back.
text: Poor Shams is abandoned. Katie smiles as she passes people,
text: mingling in her stupor.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Hi guys. Anybody seen Chris?
text: She keeps walking. We check out the whole party from her
text: wobbly point of view. she looks over at Weber.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Sugarpants! Wait, you’re not Chris.
text: We begin to see conversations as Katie does, in an audibly
text: blurred SLOW MOTION.
scene_heading: ASHLEY IN SLOW-MO
dialog: If you see Bob, hide me--
text: Katie teeters, the people around her lose focus. Her feet
text: gives way. She grabs Bob on her way down and hangs on.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Whoa! Careful there.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I fell.
text: Bob helps her get her footing. He sees the sore on her neck.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Katie, what’s that?
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: What’s what?
text: Bob points. She tries to glance over her own shoulder to see
text: her neck - which of course is impossible.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: It sort of hurts.
dialog: (touching it)
dialog: Ouch. What is it?
text: She’s attracting attention. Then... CRUNCH! Katie loses
text: her balance. The STILETTO HEEL on her right foot SNAPS in
text: half. Her ankle twists and she FALLS.
text: Her ELBOW hits the ground first. IT CRUSHES INTO THE CEMENT.
text: CRAAACKKKKKK!!! It opens on impact and the bones snap Like
text: celery, blood flying in the air. Feet jump to avoid it.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Holy crap!
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: (incredibly repulsed)
dialog: What the hell, Katie!
text: Katie tries to get up. She desperately scans for help, and
text: finally SPOTS CHRIS. Her dress has ripped. The sore on her
text: back is EXPOSED. EVERYBODY BACKS AWAY.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Chris! Please, help me.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Katie. Don’t move.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Come here.
text: Katie keeps moving, LOOKING FOR SOMEONE TO GRAB HOLD OF. As
text: Katie gets up, she hears CLICKING from her legs.
text: COUGH! Blood flies - it cannons towards Bob. He’s able to
text: dodge out of the way.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Jesus!
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Take it easy! Stop moving!
text: Zach and Brook arrive. As does Shams. Katie's staggering
text: around like a zombie and getting uncomfortably close. There
text: is bedlam as people scurry away from her.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: It hurts... Help.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: I’ll call 911!
text: Val backs into a corner and starts talking into her phone.
text: Chris retreats INTO THE HOUSE. He’s followed by others.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Chris! Where are you going?
text: Katie moves towards Jimmy. He too scurries inside. Zach
text: and Brooke hold on to each other.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: What’s wrong with her?
text: Moose and Cindy RACE TO THE HOUSE. Then Shams and Ashley.
text: Bob... Weber... they’re all abandoning her.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Wait!
text: She‘s still coughing... just missing their backs.
text: Jimmy begins to SHUT THE SLIDING DOORS. Zach and Brooke race
text: through. Katie is almost to the door...
speaker_heading: KATIE
scene_heading: DON’T LEAVE ME---
text: Jimmy SLAMS it SHUT, right in her face. Katie BANGS on the
text: glass. People inside CANNOT BELIEVE WHAT THEY ARE SEEING.
text: Katie’s arm is hanging off the bone. Blood is all over her.
text: She looks pleadingly at Chris. He’s scared.
speaker_heading: CBRIS
dialog: Back Away, Katie! You're getting
dialog: shit everywhere!
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Don’t look at me like that Chris!
text: Katie scans the patio. Some kids are on the far side of the
text: pool, frozen. The rest are inside. She’s all alone.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: {to Katie)
dialog: An ambulance is coming, Katie!
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: You hear that? Help is on the way--
text: Katie erupts into a tantrum.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: KATIE (CONT’D)
dialog: HELP ME! HELP MBE!
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: (tormented, quietly)
dialog: This isn’t right.
text: Katie stamps her foot as she pleads, HARD. STAMP. STAMP. on
text: the next one, KABOOM! Her knee explodes, spraying bits of
text: blood and pulp all over the glass door.
text: Katie SCREAMS, hopping on her remaining leg. Brooke holds
text: her hand over her mouth, choking back vomit. Some girls cry.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: I NEED A TOWEL!
text: Katie topples and her body starts to roll. She moans as she
text: heads towards the pool.
text: SPLASH! Katie hits the water. Everyone stares, frozen, as
text: she sinks to the bottom.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Somebody help her!
text: No one moves. Zach slides back the door and steps outside.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Be careful.
text: Zach grabs the POOL STRAINER from its hook. Curious, Chris
text: silently emerges. In clusters, everyone trails behind — the
text: herd following its leader. Zach dips the pole into the
text: water, angling it towards Katie.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Don’t you touch her, Chris.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Not a fucking chance.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: She's still alive...
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Grab it if you can, Katie! I/11
dialog: pull you out...!
text: The spectators jostle closer for a better view. Katie
text: wiggles, looks up at Zach, then HER EYES CLOSE. There is
text: silence. Katie’s blood fills the once blue water,
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: (defensive, panicked)
dialog: We couldn’t do anything. We didn’t
dialog: know what to do.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: We’re all witnesses.
text: A CHIME. Wendy, the girl from the locker room, has finally
text: arrived with FOUR FRIENDS, each holding bottles of liquor.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Hey y'all: Party, Party!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What’s everybody staring at!
text: Wendy’s friends stop, shocked by the gruesome scene: Blood on
text: the house, Blood on the cement, Dead girl in the pool. Wendy
text: marches on, oblivious... then SLIPS in a puddle of Katie goo.
text: Her arms cartwheel for balance. SPLOOSH. She lands in the
text: pool and surfaces immediately with one of KATIE’S ARMS —
text: splashing frantically. She’s hysterical.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: What the fuck! What the FUCK!
text: Without a word, her four friends spin on their heels and
text: leave. CHIMES on the gate tinkle behind them.
scene_heading: INT/EXI. SUV, CONVOY - NIGHT
text: The CONVOY of Federal SUVS speeds through the night.
text: Winston rides with Ridge, and is sandwiched between two
text: AGENTS built like linebackers. He looks like a child.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: You know, you can let me off
dialog: anywhere.
text: Agent Ridge grins silently.
speaker_heading: WINSTON (CONT’D)
dialog: Near a Burger King would be good,
dialog: but I’m open.
dialog: (off continued silence)
dialog: What do you want from me?
speaker_heading: AGENT RIDGE
dialog: You’re a link to the source of the
dialog: epidemic. I may have... questions.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Questions? You never even talk.
dialog: And I’m not a link to anything. I
dialog: got no idea what you’re--
text: Agent Ridge reaches into his jacket and retrieves two earbud
text: headphones. He places them, drowning out Winston’s voice to
text: the very faint MUSIC of Grand Funk Railroad.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: WINSTON (CONT'D)
dialog: Dude, not only is that rude, but
dialog: you got shitty taste in tunes.
scene_heading: INT. SCOTT’S BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: Scott and Eric pause the game to refresh themselves with
text: Gatorade and beef jerky. They’re laughing, having a ball.
text: They remove their headsets and wipe their sweaty palms.
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: You totally wailed on that last
text: tactical assault.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Yeah...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Dude, are we losers?
dialog: scott
dialog: (shocked, the craziest
dialog: thing he’s ever heard)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: It’s prom night and we’re playing xX
text: Box online with 12 year olds.
dialog: scott
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: I’m sure the party is hella lame.
speaker_heading: BRIC
dialog: Yeah. Just a bunch of drunk
text: assholes staring at one another.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The kids are in the living room - indeed, a bunch of drunk
text: assholes staring at one another.
text: Some are slumped on couches. The girls have their purses,
text: itching to leave... but waiting to see how things play out.
text: Wendy is in the kitchen, naked beneath several towels,
text: MUMBLING to herself. No one is going anywhere near her.
text: Chris is frantically hiding all evidence of underage drinking
text: and drug use. Sasha talks on her cell.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (to everyone and no one)
dialog: Feel free to help out you shits.
dialog: “Don’t mind me and the five hundred
dialog: bottles of hootch, Officer.”
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: No, I’m not dis-inviting you... Yes
dialog: you’re cool enough for me. The
text: party is really cancelled.
text: She flips her phone closed. Brooke stands to the side. she
text: dials her own cell, listens.
speaker_heading: BROOKE’S DAD [VOICE]
dialog: Hi, you’ve reached the Brannigans.
dialog: Please leave us a message. Thanks.
text: Brooke doesn’t know what to say, and hangs up the phone.
text: Zach soothingly rubs her back.
text: A GROUP approach the front door. Chris INTERCEPTS, locks it.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Where the hell are you guys going?
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Um... is there a reason to stay?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yes! ME. This isn’t MY problem.
dialog: This is OUR problem.
dialog: (noticing with SHOCK that
dialog: Sasha is among them)
dialog: Sash? What the FUCK?
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: c’mon, Chris. If I miss prom I’m
dialog: gonna kill myself. I can meet you
dialog: there--
speaker_heading: ZACH (0.S.)
dialog: No. We‘ll stick around. It’s the
dialog: right thing to do.
text: Zach is flanked supportively by Shams and Brooke. All
text: around, people nod grimly - reluctantly agreeing with the
text: sentiment. Nearby, ASHLEY confers with Jimmy and Moose.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: Who’s gonna tell Katie’s parents?
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: The cops take care of that.
dialog: They’11 take care of everything.
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: I thought you hated cops.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Yeah, well...
dialog: 40.
text: Over to Chris and Weber, still standing near the front door.
text: They look out at the swimming pool.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: My dad’s gonna freak.
text: Weber feels the door RATTLE against his back.
speaker_heading: DOUG [OFF]
dialog: It’s Doug. Open up!
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: Dude, you don’t want any part of
dialog: Bese
speaker_heading: DOUG [OFF]
dialog: Let me in, or I'll break your toes.
text: Weber shrugs and unhooks the deadbolt. Doug and Tyler cruise
text: in. Despite their tuxes, they still look like gorillas.
text: Tyler, as usual, doesn’t say a word.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (seeing Chris)
dialog: Bad news, Captain. No Nitrous...
dialog: (re: the melancholy)
dialog: Damn. Who fucking died?
text: He bursts out laughing. He’s the only one.
speaker_heading: VAL (0.S.}
dialog: They’re here!
text: Two police cruisers quietly roll in. The kids all get up.
text: Some fix their clothes, still plotting their escape.
text: The COPS exit their cars. One is OFFICER PAUL [in charge,
text: earnest.] Val leans out the front door and calls to them.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: She’s around back!
text: Officer Paul and another OFFICER move around to the back.
text: The other two stay in front.
speaker_heading: OFFICER PAUL
dialog: Please stay inside.
text: Val moves inside and closes the door, All the kids move to
text: the patio door - still covered in blood.
text: Doug PUNCHES Weber, distraught.
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: What the hell?
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: That’s for letting me in!
text: They watch the cops cross the patio. Bob slides open the
text: door and walks out. Zach, Brooke and Ashley follow him.
speaker_heading: BOB
text: She fell in the pool.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: It wasn’t our fault.
speaker_heading: OFFICER 2
text: Just step back and close the door.
text: Officer Paul inserts his radio earpiece as he looks at the
text: bloody pavement and the body in the pool.
speaker_heading: OFFICER PAUL
dialog: (into his walkie)
dialog: Looks like-- what happened to the
dialog: other kid. Yes, we’ do that.
speaker_heading: OFFICER 1
dialog: Get back.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: We didn’t do anything!
speaker_heading: OFFICER PAUL
dialog: Did anybody leave the premises?
speaker_heading: 2ACH
dialog: Please tell us what’s going on.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Yeah! It‘s my house!
speaker_heading: OFFICER PAUL
dialog: Son, stay back. I need to know--
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (cause he’s a macho dick)
dialog: This is bullshit. I’m taking off.
text: officer Paul draws his gun. The other officers follow suit.
text: STARTLED the kids back up.
speaker_heading: OFFICER PAUL
dialog: DID ANYBODY LEAVE?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (trembling)
text: No. No one’s left.
speaker_heading: OFFICER PAUL
dialog: Good. Get in the house Now.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: I knew I hated cops, man.
text: The kids look at the guns, freaked. They shut themselves in.
text: The front is being watched by the two other officers.
text: The sound of multiple ENGINES. A white van pulls up,
text: followed by several black sUVs. The calvary has arrived!
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Panic is rampant. MURMURS percolate - the kids collectively
dialog: kick themselves for not bailing when they had a chance.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (losing his cool)
dialog: What the hell’s going on, man?
dialog: They can’t fucking do this!
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (to Weber)
dialog: I’m scared, will you hold me?
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: I’m so high right now. Is this
dialog: serious, or am I just freaking out?
text: Brooke looks to Zach. He puts his arm around her.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: God I wish I was at Prom.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Agent Ridge exits his SUV, Winston is about to follow. Ridge
text: points as one might to a pet: “STAY.”
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: No way! I ain’t no dog!
text: Ridge shrugs, then SLAMS the door on Winston and turns to
dialog: address his MEN.
speaker_heading: WINSTON (0.S.)
dialog: (muffled)
dialog: Dick!
dialog: (trying the door)
dialog: Let me out!
speaker_heading: AGENT RIDGE (CONT’D)
dialog: Full perimeter. Phone and cellular
dialog: service jammed. Now.
dialog: 43.
text: His men SCURRY. In the BG, others are barricading the
text: driveway, searching the yard, and ERECTING LIGHT TOWERS
text: AROUND THE PROPERTY.
text: Officer Paul approaches, and extends hia hand. Ridge shakes
text: it... after a moments hesitation.
speaker_heading: OFFICER PAUL
dialog: They’re inside. I got men, front
text: and back. Real mess by the pool,
dialog: (looking, confused)
dialog: Isn’t there a Medical team?
speaker_heading: AGENT RIDGE
dialog: The EMT that treated the kid across
text: town is already showing symptoms.
speaker_heading: OFFICER PAUL
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: AGENT RIDGE
text: We wait for the CDC to arrive.
speaker_heading: OFFICER PAUL
dialog: I gotta tell you, it was hard
dialog: pulling my weapon. These kids;
dialog: it’s still a small town --
text: Officer Paul‘’s eyes shift as several AGENTS carrying high-
text: powered RIFLES walk past.
speaker_heading: AGENT RIDGE
dialog: Perhaps its best if you leave.
text: officer Paul smirks. These men are not likely to get along.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: Zach is on his cellphone, talking with his parents.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Hey Mom... actually things aren’t
dialog: go great... I know you’re
dialog: surprised to hear from me...
text: Zach pauses. He really can’t think of anything to be gained
text: by getting his poor parents all worked up just yet.
speaker_heading: ZACH (CONT’D)
dialog: You know what, everything is fine.
dialog: My nerves just got the better of
dialog: me. You know how shy I am.
text: A series of loud KNOCKS on the bathroom door.
dialog: a4.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY (OFF)
dialog: I need in! Seriously!
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I will, I promise...
dialog: (attempting cheer)
dialog: Don’t wait up. Hello? Hello?
text: The cell has no service. Zach looks at himself in the
text: mirror, starting to cry.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY (OFF)
dialog: (pounding)
dialog: I’ll pee in the hall, swear to God!
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: We’1l get through this.
dialog: (beat, more confident)
dialog: We’1l get through this.
text: He chokes back the tears, wipes all expression from his face.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Zach emerges from the bathroom, looking surprisingly
text: collected. At the end of the hall, Doug has cornered Brooke
text: and is practically salivating over her.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: How come we don’t know each other?
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Different schedules, different
dialog: friends...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Different species.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: That’s not very nice.
text: Zach approaches, steel in his eyes.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: (to Brooke)
dialog: Cc’mon.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (to Brooke, pushing Zach)
dialog: You take orders from this midget?
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Sure,
text: This fans Doug’s flames. He pushes Zach again, harder. Zach
text: simmers with RAGE.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: This isn’t the lunchroom, Doug.
dialog: Don’t waste precious time--
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: What’re you gonna do...?
text: POP! Zach’s fist collides with Doug’s skull with surprising
text: ferocity. Doug’s head whips around, and he SLAMS into the
text: wall. He stares at Zach; stunned, immobile.
speaker_heading: VAL (OFF)
dialog: Everybody! COME QUICK!
text: zach and Brooke link arms and head towards Val’s voice.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: I think they cut our phone service.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (whispering, re: Doug)
dialog: What’s his problem?
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: He’s pathologically averse to smart
dialog: people. He’s hated me since
dialog: kindergarten.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: I see,
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’m sure hitting him helped.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: I know. But it felt great.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Everyone is gathered around the television, staring wide-eyed
text: at a SPECIAL REPORT.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: It’s on TV! Quiet everybody!
text: More kids ease in, take seats or lean against the walls.
text: Wendy, lost in dementia, is on the far side of the room.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (TV)
dialog: We interrupt previously scheduled
dialog: programming with this bulletin...
speaker_heading: WENDY (0.8.)
dialog: I don’t want to watch this!
text: Heads turn to SSSSSHHHH her.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (TV)
dialog: News of a potential biological
dialog: outbreak began here, at Last Stop
text: Diner, after a delivery driver died
dialog: from reported massive blood
dialog: hemorrhaging.
text: ON TELEVISION: SHOTS of the Diner. POLICE CARS WITH FLASHING
text: LIGHTS surround it. Cops exit their cars with guns drawn.
speaker_heading: DINER COP (TV)
scene_heading: EVERYBODY IN! EVERYBODY!
text: Patrons and employees are bullied into the diner. Police
dialog: keep their distance... just point their guns.
speaker_heading: DINER COP 2 (TV)
dialog: (to Camera)
dialog: Turn the Camera off! Now!
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: My God.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (TV)
dialog: Though they confirm the quarantine
dialog: of the diner, authorities have
dialog: still declined official statement.
text: The faces of the kids watching are dark, twitchy.
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (TV)
dialog: We’ve also received word of a
dialog: separate incident. As of yet, it’s
dialog: relationship is unconfirmed.
dialog: However, exclusive testimony
dialog: indicates that this victim has also
dialog: been quarantined.
text: ON TELEVISION: SHOTS of Natasha’s house.
speaker_heading: NATASHA’S DAD (TV)
dialog: Jack - I mean, he was a strong kid.
dialog: I’d never seen anything like it.
dialog: (choking up)
dialog: The fact that my daughter had to
dialog: see it-- Jesus.
dialog: (listens to reporter)
dialog: I just dropped her at the school
text: dance. She couldn’t be dissuaded.
dialog: (breaking down)
dialog: She’s such a trooper...
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: Ohmygod.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (overcome)
dialog: Jack? Jack! No, no, no...!
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: That bitch went to prom!?
text: ON TELEVISION: Baxter the hyper-aggressive terrier ATTACKS
text: the CAMERAMAN. As the camera TILTS down we SEF that the
text: mongrel HAS OBVIOUS SIGNS OF INFECTION.
speaker_heading: NATASHA’S DAD (TV)
dialog: No, Baxter! Bad dog!
speaker_heading: NEWSCASTER (TV)
dialog: Residents are advised to stay in
dialog: their homes--
speaker_heading: WENDY
speaker_heading: (SCREAMS)
dialog: I DON’T WANT TO WATCH THIS!!!
text: From seemingly nowhere, a VASE flies into the television
text: screen. The screen SHATTERS in a explosion of SPARKS.
text: Everyone stares at the gaping whole in the TV. Wendy just
text: stands there, chillingly serene.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: Please change the channel?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You crazy bitch!
text: Chris drops to the floor. He starts sweeping up the debris,
text: lost in OCD. TENSION in the room is electric.
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: (standing)
dialog: That’s it. I’m outta here.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: You heard the cops - you saw the TV
dialog: - we’re supposed to stay put!
speaker_heading: JIMMY
dialog: Until what?! When?! We all come
dialog: down with this thing? No fucking
dialog: thanks. I’m take my chances.
text: He approaches the sliding glass doors, hesitates, then opens
text: them and steps outside.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, PATIO - CONTINUOUS
text: Jimmy walks several feet. Nothing. No cops. No problems.
text: He picks up the pace...
text: The CRACKLE of a surge of electricity. The entire house is
text: SUDDENLY bathed in BRIGHT WHITE LIGHT.
dialog: 48.
text: Jimmy shields his eyes, but SEES that enormous industrial
text: work-lamps completely encircle the property. He FREEZES.
speaker_heading: AGENT 1 (0.S.)
dialog: (through megaphone)
text: Return to the house. The cdc
dialog: should be here within hours. Until
dialog: then, you all need to stay inside.
text: Jimmy eyes the tree line on the far side of the pool. It’s
text: only ten yards away...
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, HILLSIDE - CONTINUOUS
text: Ridge stands beside Officer Paul. From their vantage point,
text: they can see the entire property, lit like a baseball
dialog: diamond. No one could come or go without their knowledge.
speaker_heading: AGENT 2 VOICE (WALKIE)
dialog: I have him sir.
speaker_heading: OFFICER PAUL
dialog: Ridge, he’s likely perfectly
dialog: healthy...!
text: Agent Ridge shrugs, unaffected.
speaker_heading: OFFICER PAUL
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Go back inside, kid.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, PATIO - CONTINUOUS
text: Jimmy looks around. EVERYONE has gathered at the sliding
text: glass doors to stare. He takes another few steps.
speaker_heading: AGENT 1 (0,8.)
dialog: (through megaphone)
dialog: Return to the house. You will be
dialog: gate there. Everything will be
dialog: ine.
text: Jimmy pauses. He drops his head and turns towards the house;
text: humiliated, defeated.
text: THEN, HE UNEXPECTEDLY TURNS BACK, SPRINTING like the wind
text: towards the tree line...
text: CRACK! A RIFLE SHOT slices through the air. JIMMY’S HEAD
text: SNAPS backward. He twists and falls into the hot tub,
text: floating face down.
text: The GROUP gathered at the sliding doors SCREAM en masse.
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: INT. SUV - NIGHT
text: Winston has removed part of the interior door panel in an
text: ongoing attempt to escape. (The SUV, like most police
text: vehicles, unlocks only from the outside.) We see he’s also
text: removed the upholstery surrounding the sunroof.
text: Frustrated, Winston grabs his radio and scans the frequencies
text: until he hears:
speaker_heading: VOICE 1 (RADIO)
text: The kid at the hospital just died.
speaker_heading: VOICE 2 (RADIO)
dialog: Have the toxicology reports brought
dialog: here, and another sent to the cDC.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: (into Radio)
dialog: And bring back a pizza. And some
dialog: beer.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, LIBRARY - NIGHT
text: A QUICK SERIES OF SHOTS:
text: Lights illuminate an impressive home LIBRARY.
text: Zach’s fingers SCROLL the bindings of an ENCYCLOPEDIA set.
text: Medical books are pulled from shelves.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, DINING ROOM - LATER
text: This is the “War Room,” somber faces all around. Chris is
text: utterly losing his cool; becoming less and less coherent.
text: zach has taken charge, the “research” spread out before him.
speaker_heading: 2ACH
dialog: We’re in a stalemate until the cpc
text: arrives.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (babbling)
dialog: e..a total mess. Zoyla will never
dialog: be able to clean this on her own...
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: We’re relying on info from the
dialog: folks that just blew Jimmy’s head
dialog: off?
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: 2ACH
dialog: No, on common sense. It’s all over
dialog: the news. They have to do
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (re: Zach)
dialog: I’m not listening to a single thing
dialog: that shit-fuck says.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: (to Zach)
dialog: Could anybody have it?
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Potentially.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: What it is?
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Not sure, but there’s disease
dialog: called Necrotizing Fascitis. It’s
dialog: an infection of muscle tissue and
dialog: the skin. I think it’s something
dialog: like that. Only worse.
text: Brooke leans close to Zach. He puts his arm around her.
text: Doug ROLLS HIS EYES.
speaker_heading: ZACH (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s a bacteria. The progression
dialog: can happen in just hours. You get
text: it like a cold, like mono.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Fuck!
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: This blows.
text: Shams grabs one of the books. Scans the page.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: The latest strain kills seven out
dialog: of ten. The people who do live are
text: left with huge scars- lost limbs...
text: Shams passes one of the books around.
speaker_heading: SHAMS (CONT’D)
text: There are some pictures.
text: The kids pass around and react to the horrible images of
text: mutilated bodies both pre and post-op. Lots of AMPUTEES.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Gross.
dialog: Sl.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: If I had those huge scars and
dialog: stuff, I don’t know if I’d want to
dialog: live. Is that shallow?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Yes. Yes it is.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: Shut up. God, I hate you.
speaker_heading: ZACH
text: The first sign is skin
text: discoloration. As it spreads, it
dialog: starts to blister. I guess we kind
dialog: of know what can happen from there.
dialog: Morose silence.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: We need to figure out if anybody
dialog: else has got it.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: What we need to do is be extremely
dialog: careful--
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (ignoring Zach)
dialog: Yeah! I don’t want sick people
dialog: hanging out in here!
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (taking charge)
dialog: Everybody, take off your clothes!
dialog: We’ll do a... nude test.
dialog: (to Brooke, grabbing his
dialog: crotch)
dialog: Wanna peek?
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: Zach?
text: Doug’‘s gaze bores a hole into Zach. A competition for
dialog: “leadership” has arisen...
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: (sighing)
dialog: I guess it’s an okay idea.
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: I‘m not taking my clothes off.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (to no one in particular)
dialog: Just so you know, I’m not bald down
dialog: there. I shave.
dialog: 52.
text: Sasha looks at her “boyfriend,” completely repulsed. Shams
text: nods his own, private approval. Cindy touches Moose’s arm.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Let’s just get this over with.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: Why not? For safety.
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: No fuckin’ way.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (menacingly)
dialog: Do it. We all agree?
text: Everyone nods.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Moose, let’s see some fatboy titty.
text: Moose starts to take off his clothes: Jacket, Shirt, Socks,
text: Shoes, everything. Cindy picks up a long silver ladle and
text: uses it to check under his arms and between his legs.
text: Nearby, Bob is starting to SWEAT.
speaker_heading: CINDY
text: He looks good.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Okay. Weber, you’re next.
text: Cindy checks everybody around the table. While we DISSOLVE
text: through Cindy checking Weber, Kirstin, Doug... Shams READS:
speaker_heading: SHAMS
text: The pain is so unbearable that the
text: body creates it’s own anaesthesia.
text: It DESTROYS IT’S OWN NERVE CELLS.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: God! Please stop reading that
dialog: shit, freakt
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (to Cindy)
dialog: Be thorough. We don’t want any
dialog: fucking mistakes.
text: We continue to watch Cindy check the kids. Now Zach, Brooke
text: and Tyler are looked at. Time is compressed with dissolves.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: Oh shit.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: What?!
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CINDY
text: A sore.
text: People LEAP out of nearby chairs...they back away from BOB.
text: Cindy moves back as well,
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: What? What?
speaker_heading: BROOKE
text: A black splotch. on his leg.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (jittery)
dialog: Maybe it’s a zit!
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Bob, just turn around and show us
dialog: your leg.
text: Bob shows the group the back of his thigh. There is a very
text: strange black splotch. Ashley GAGS.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: Oh my God...!
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Hey everybody! Calm down!
speaker_heading: DOUG
text: STAY RIGHT THERE, BOB!
text: Shams looks around. Everybody else has been checked.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: I think that’s everyone.
dialog: (to offscreen)
dialog: Sorry guys...
text: REVEAL THAT Bob is not alone. He’s joined the ranks of other
text: random “Infected”: Kirsten, LARRY, and STEVE. Bob is
text: scared, and a bit cold.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: What about HER?
text: They follow his finger to... WENDY, still silently wrapped
text: in a towel, listless and forgotten. She suddenly realizes
text: that all eyes are upon her.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: What? What’s going on?
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: The house is QUIET. Kids slip shame-faced back into their
text: clothes. Shams and Zach confer privately in hushed tones.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: How are things going with Brooke?
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Best first date ever.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: This is pretty fucked up. We’re
dialog: banishing people.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: We’re isolating them to protect the
dialog: healthy.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I guess. Shams, I need to ask you
dialog: a question.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: Shoot.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Have you done anything to place
dialog: yourself at risk? Share a glass, a
dialog: joint, anything - with someone we
dialog: know is infected?
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: (concentrates)
dialog: No. No, I really don’t think so.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: Did you kiss Katie?
text: Shams BLANCHES. He hadn‘t even thought of that. He keeps
dialog: his cool... Barely.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: No. No way, man! Lucky break too,
dialog: cause man, you saw me trying...
text: Zach sizes him up, concerned and unconvinced.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, BASEMENT STAIRWAY - NIGHT
text: Bob walks down a flight of stairs carrying his clothes ina
text: pile. He looks over his shoulder. Wendy and the OTHERS are
text: right behind.
dialog: 55.
text: Doug and Chris are their escorts. Both are wearing elbow-
text: length yellow cleaning gloves and have white kitchen trash-
text: bags pulled over their torsos.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Don’t come so close to me, okay?
text: Wendy just glares at him.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Keep going!
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You guys can’t do this.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: I don’t have any sores! I’m okay!
dialog: I’m clean!
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Sorry sweetheart, but you fell in
dialog: the soup, 80... you’re fucked.
dialog: (grins cruelly)
dialog: We all voted.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (meekly)
text: It’s at the very end.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Please, please don’t. I’m
dialog: claustrophobic. I’m--
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Keep moving.
text: Bob turns and tries to force his way back up the stairs,
text: panicking. Doug SHOVES him. Bob wobbles precariously.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Dude, we’re friends!
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Not really.
text: Bob takes a defiant step up. The tension between he and Doug
text: crackles.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I’m going up. I won’t touch
dialog: anybody. I’m not staying down
dialog: there--
text: Again he tries to pass, and again Doug shoves him, but this
text: time - Bob loses his balance, toppling down the staircase and
text: landing on the basement floor with a sickening CRUNCH.
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, BASEMENT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chris and Doug DRAG Bob’s heavy, unconscious body to the end
text: of the basement and towards A WINE CELLAR. His leg is
text: twisted at a right angle. There is a big stone door, with a
text: SMALL WINDOW in it.
text: Chris opens it to REVEAL a decent sized room, with rows of
text: neatly racked bottles. The entire cellar is stone.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: You’ll come and get us, right?
speaker_heading: KIRSTIN
dialog: (re: Bob)
dialog: Is he... dead?
text: Doug slams the door.
speaker_heading: WENDY (0.S.)
dialog: (through the door)
dialog: What are we supposed to do?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Drink!
scene_heading: INT. SUV - NIGHT
text: Winston has dismantled the screen mesh that separates the
text: back and front seats. He is squeezed behind the driver’s
text: seat, his legs buttressed against the front windshield. He
text: pushes with all his might.
text: Nothing. He takes a quick sip from a hip flask he keeps
text: tucked within his jacket, and tries again.
text: The seal around the window FLEXES slightly.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE - NIGHT
text: officer Paul stands beside Agent Ridge, still surveying the
text: scene from their elevated vantage point.
text: BELOW: Two OFFICERS in Bichazard Suits are retrieving
text: Jimmy’s body from the jacuzzi, and carefully sealing him in
text: plastic sheeting.
text: ON THE STREET BEYOND: several cars -- a stationwagon, a News
text: Van, and several sedans -- pull up to the barricades.
speaker_heading: OFFICER PAUL
dialog: You’ve got company.
dialog: (Ridge follows his gaze)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: OFFICER PAUL (cont'd)
dialog: Parents and local media. This
dialog: should be interesting.
text: Ridge frowns. Officer Paul notices something else.
speaker_heading: OFFICER PAUL
dialog: Who’s that?
text: BELOW: WINSTON has SHATTERED the windshield of the SUV in
text: which he was imprisoned, and is crawling out acrosa the hood!
text: Several PARENTS and a NEWS TEAM rush towards him!
speaker_heading: AGENT RIDGE (CONT’D)
dialog: Fuck.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, STREET — NIGHT
text: Winston is addressing a small gathering: Sargeant Frank
text: (Sham’s hotheaded dad), Dr. Viola, (Doug’s dad), Zach’s Mom
text: and Dad and several other PARENTS.
text: The NEWS CREW is ROLLING camera. Winston ig wildly
text: disoriented, but can’t help milk being the unexpected center
dialog: of attention.
speaker_heading: ZACH’S DAD
dialog: Do you think the kids are safe?
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Um - looks like a killer house.
speaker_heading: PARENT
dialog: I spoke to my daughter. She said
dialog: that kids are locked in the
dialog: basement. Sick kids--!
speaker_heading: ZACH'S MOM
dialog: Our baby Zachary, he’s very frail--
speaker_heading: ZACH’S DAD
dialog: On the phone, he wouldn't tell us
dialog: what was going ont
speaker_heading: DR. VIOLA
dialog: I’m sure my son Douglas is helping
dialog: take care of everyone.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: I’ve just arrived, but assure you —
dialog: we’re doing everything we can.
text: Agent Ridge approaches, flanked by Officer Paul.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Do you know when CDC is expected?
dialog: Can you outline the plane for
dialog: treatment?
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: (noticing Ridge
dialog: Sadly, the safety of your kids is
dialog: not our only concern right now.
dialog: The man you all want to speak to is
dialog: right over there--
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: He’s the one calling the shots, and
dialog: I’m sure would love to further
dialog: explain the situation.
text: Led by an irate Sargeant Frank, the parents MOB Agent Ridge.
text: Officer Paul can’t help but smirk.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 2
dialog: (to camera)
dialog: We continue our coverage of this
dialog: horrific chain of events. One
dialog: can’t imagine a more tragic Prom--
text: With everyone swept up in the melee, Winston takes the
text: opportunity to steal away. He pauses beside an OFFICER,
text: whose attention is focused on the face-off between Agent
text: Ridge and Sargeant Frank.
speaker_heading: SARGEANT FRANK
dialog: You wanna take me on, Pussy?
text: WINSTON SLYLY UNHOOKS THE OFFICERS KEYRING FROM HIS UTILITY
text: BELT! Winston then slips towards the parked police cruisers.
text: He tries one door handle, then another. The key slips neatly
text: inside the third.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Sweet.
scene_heading: EXT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, PARKING LOT -— NIGHT
text: Two cop cars speed into the parking lot, Lights flashing.
text: The cars stop in front of the service entrance. The COPS
text: jump out and are led into the school by a JANITOR.
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL - FOOD STORAGE ROOM - NIGHT
text: The police look at the cases of water. They check bar code
text: humbers against a list they have on a clip board.
text: They find the six cases of bad water and see that two bottles
dialog: are missing.
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: COP i
dialog: These are them. Only two gone.
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, GYMNASIUM - CONTINUOUS
text: The PROM is in full swing. The kids are slow-dancing to the
text: Band‘s very bad, very strange cover of Usher’s "Do it to Me.”
text: A large, hand-inked banner reads: “Moonbeams and Magic”
text: Rapid PANS from location to location paint a familiar
text: picture: the dance has segregated into clear cliques. The
text: JOCKS, the STONERS, the GEEKS, the BRAINS, etc...
text: The cops slip inside, and approach a cluster of adults - the
text: PRINCIPAL and some CHAPERONES.
speaker_heading: PRINCIPAL
dialog: We’ve heard the terrible news.
speaker_heading: CHAPERONE 1
dialog: But everything is just fine here.
speaker_heading: CHAPERONE 2
dialog: We've checked. Besides, the kids
dialog: really need this night. Especially
dialog: now-—
speaker_heading: COP 2
dialog: (into radio)
text: Officer Kasperski. Prom is clear.
text: Nearby, a very disturbed NATASHA dances alongside the
text: PRETTIES, shuffling her feet like a robot.
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD CAR, MT. VERNON STREETS - CONTINUOUS
text: Winston is driving, admiring how superior the Mt. Vernon
text: police cruisers are to the Bunyon County crappers.
text: The police scanner crackles:
speaker_heading: COP 2 [RADIO]
dialog: Kaperski here. I repeat, Prom is
text: all clear.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: (into CB)
dialog: That’s great news. So... where
dialog: exactly is the high school?
speaker_heading: COP 2 [RADIO]
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It’s right off-- who is this?
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Jimmy and Shams look out the window...there’s a small crack
text: through which they can glimpse the action outside.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: Figures that my Dad would be
dialog: starting a fight...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Maybe they’1l shoot him.
text: Everybody is drinking, sitting around the room on couches and
text: the floor. Ashley is bartending.
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: You know what I think? This could
dialog: be one of those tragedies that they
dialog: Make trading cards out of. There’s
dialog: gonna be a card of me like this...
text: Moose makes a deathly face.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: That’s not funny.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: My parents must be going nuts.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: My mom probably had a stroke.
text: Val reaches for Weber’s beer.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: Hey - no sharing. Hopefully it’s
dialog: not too late.
text: Doug makes the connection, and leads the Witchhunt...
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (to Moose)
dialog: You and Bob were doing gravity
dialog: chugs earlier. You fuckers used
dialog: the same funnel!
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: (re: Ashley)
dialog: Yeah - well she’s his GIRLFRIEND.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: We've been fighting! I didn’t lay
dialog: a finger on that asshole.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But I saw Weber flirting with that
dialog: chick we sent to the basement!
dialog: 61.
text: Val yelps, jealously. Weber punches Moose. Doug is about to
dialog: get involved...
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Go nuts. Have a fistfight. Get
dialog: your hands ALL OVER ONE ANOTHER.
text: They looks at their hands, decide it’s best to back down.
speaker_heading: ZACH (CONT’D)
dialog: Don’t do this. We have to be
dialog: smart.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (paranoid, defensive)
dialog: Is that a crack about me?
text: Tyler hits a joint, then offers it to Ashley.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: Are you retarded?
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: We have any more weed?
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: Jimmy had it all.
text: A quiet moment. They all know where Jimmy ended up. Tyler
text: looks around. He sucks down what’s left.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: Do you guys think it’s cruel to
dialog: keep those guys in that cellar?
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Fuck em. Where’s Chris? He’s so
dialog: useless, it’s like, shocking.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: But they’re all alone...
text: As this discussion continues, we FIND Chris, fetishistically
text: cleaning the kitchen. He is useless, He takes an APPLE from
text: a fruit bowl, bites into it - CRACK!
text: Chris’s EYES WIDEN. Nobody else seemed to hear. He chews,
text: as he does...there is CLICKING. He wipes his mouth. A
text: little blood comes out... AND A TOOTH. He fights back tears.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Chris, can we put on some tunes?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Hellooocoo?
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: Earth to wastoid?
dialog: 62.
text: Chris tries to act natural, mouth full. He chews a bit,
text: wipes his mouth again... TWO MORE TEETH. Blood runs. He
text: SLURPS it back in - closes his lips AS TIGHT AS POSSIBLE.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: Are you alright?
text: Chris’s eyes water. He tries to swallow - CLICK... POP! He
text: covers his mouth with his hands. A little blood leaks
text: between his fingers.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Open your mouth!
speaker_heading: ZACK
dialog: Go to the sink, Chris. Slowly.
text: Though gagging on his own blood, Chris shakes his head - NO.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Don’t fuck around, fucker!
text: Chris’s eyes flood with heartbreaking desperation. He wants
text: to say HELP, but can’t. His body is saying it for him.
text: DOUG THROWS A BOOK AT CHRIS. It HITS HIM IN THE CHEST.
text: Chris jumps up and down. The pain inside of him is about to
text: buret. He can’t hold it in...he can’t...he can’t...
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Oh God Oh God Oh God Oh God...
text: Chris unleashes the LOUDEST CRY IN HISTORY. The squeal of a
dialog: thousand babies.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: WAAAAAAAHE! WAAAAHH!
text: Blood flows out his mouth like a RIVER. His JAW is TOTALLY
text: UNHINGED. He SOBS and SOBS, his jaw flapping freely.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
speaker_heading: GET BACKIII!1
text: Everyone jumps. Chris catches a sight of himself in a
text: mirror...when he sees his image, his wails INTENSIFY.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: WAAAHHAHHHHAHHA! WAHHHAAA!
text: Chris flees running down the hall, his howls diminishing with
text: distance. No one reaches out to stop him, they all keep
dialog: their distance.
dialog: 63.
text: From the edges of the room, everyone who has a drink, even a
dialog: full one, CHUGS IT ALL THE WAY.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Doug, Weber, and Tyler stalk softly, following a dark trail
text: of blood on the carpet. Weber wields a floor mop, Tyler a
text: broom. The hall is uncomfortably quiet. The trail of blood
text: ends at a linen closet.
text: The boys steel themselves, “weapons” at the ready. Doug
text: flings the closet doors open.
text: It’s empty. Doug pulls an overhead cord illuminating a
text: single overhead lightbulb.
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: Sssh. Do you hear that?
text: They stand still, and can indeed hear faint rasping
text: BREATHING. Doug runs his fingers across the shelves. Tyler
text: reaches out to open the lid on a large clothes hamper...
text: Chris EXPLODES from the hamper, and tries to force his way
text: past them, BELLOWING with rage and pain and fear.
text: Weber and Tyler beat him to the ground with their cleaning
text: tools. Chris screams. Doug looks sickeningly pleased,
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: Chris is ushered to the Cellar. His entire torso is swaddled
text: with blankets and tablecloths. BLOOD still seeps through.
text: Doug and Weber push him from behind with a BROOM. Leading
text: him down the hallway.
text: They open the cellar door. Wendy JUMPS UP.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Time to go?
text: Bob sees Chris. His good mood fizzles. Everyone’s
text: conditions have significantly worsened. Bob’s broken leg is
text: covered in BUBBLING SORES. Kirsten’s cheeks have sunken,
text: revealing bone beneath. Oddly, WENDY STILL LOOKS HEALTHY.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: (eyeing Chris)
dialog: You can’t be serious.
text: Chris is put in the cellar. The door closes. Chris just
text: stands in the middle of the room. Then slowly, tearily -
text: speaks through his mangled jaw:
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Hew geeys. Wast gee-ing on?
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, GAMEROOM - LATER
text: The gameroom features video games, a pool table, bean bag
text: chairs, and a large screen TV. Shams, Brooke, and Zach have
text: the space all to themselves.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Do we have to go back up?
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: I don’t see why.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: You know Zach, passing you in the
dialog: halls - I never would have guessed
dialog: that you were so, so...
text: Zach is doesn’t let her finish. He leans in for the KISS.
text: Brooke strokes his cheek. It’s tender and sweet.
text: Shams eyes them, his eyes darkening with jealousy.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: Careful. I hear there’s something
dialog: going around.
text: Zach and Brooke separate and smile self-consciously. Whoops!
dialog: It’s true: this first kiss has much deeper resonance than
text: most. JUST THEN, Weber appears at the door.
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: You need to come to the kitchen.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: We‘re fine here, thanks.
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: (to Zach)
dialog: Please don’t leave our fates
text: entirely in the hands of Pimple.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, KITCHEN ~— CONTINUOUS
text: Weber herds Zach, Brooke, and Shams inside. Everyone stands
text: in the kitchen. Doug has center stage.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Alright. It’s “go” time.
text: Doug opens the freezer and takes out three ice-cube trays.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT’D)
dialog: An ice-cube test. And no pussy
dialog: shit. You got to bite right
dialog: through.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: No more. I can’t take anymore.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Doug, she‘s right. If we’re
dialog: careful, no one’s going to get
dialog: infected that isn’t already. All
dialog: we have to do is wait for the CDC.
speaker_heading: DOUG.
dialog: I don‘t want to risk standing next
dialog: to some fucker who could start
dialog: leaking shit all over me.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: This isa sadistic.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: That guy had bad teeth. Show me
dialog: you don’t, or it’s cellar time.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Calm down--
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: What’s wrong with you two? You got
dialog: something to hide?
dialog: (turning to the others)
dialog: Anybody else feel it’s better to
dialog: know who’s rotten?
text: Almost EVERYONE raises their hands. Brooke’s stays down, and
text: Zach reaches for it. Holds it tight.
speaker_heading: BOUG
dialog: This all started cause that bitch
text: Katie had it. SHE DIDN’T TELL US,
dialog: NOW WE ALL MAY BE FUCKED. Let’s
dialog: take the littlest of precautions
dialog: okay? I’1ll go first.
text: Doug walks up to the sink. He takes a cube out of the tray
text: and holds it IN HIS TEETH... squeezes his jaw. CRACK! He
text: breaks the ice-cube.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: That looks painful.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Brooke, you're up. Go,
dialog: 66.
text: She walks slowly towards the sink. sasha helps her get a
text: cube out of the tray. Brooke looks back to Zach.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Weasel-boy can’t help you. Come
dialog: on, girl!
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: I’m going!
text: Brooke takes a cube and puts it in her mouth. She bites hard
text: on it... she squeezes... harder... she quits. Zach watches,
text: anxiously. After all, he just kissed this girl.
speaker_heading: BROOKE (CONT'D)
dialog: I need another try.
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Please God, let me do this.
text: She bites, her eyes are tight. CRACK! The cube breaks. She
text: let’s the halves fall into the sink and pumps her fists.
speaker_heading: BROOKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Yes! Yes!
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Zach? Let’s go.
text: Zach takes a cube and bites and holds it between his teeth.
text: WE SEE HIS TEETH RUBBING AGAINST THE HARD ICE... GRINDING AS
text: HE TRIES TO BREAK IT. He takes the cube out of his mouth.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Dammit.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: I’ll bet you wish you were home
dialog: with your socially challenged
dialog: friends right now, huh?
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: You can do it, Zach.
text: Zach puts the cube back in. The GROUP looks scared for him.
text: Zach tries again. He squeezes. CRACK! Brooke hugs him.
text: Doug passes the tray to Moose. Moose leans over the sink.
text: He looks terrified.
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: No problem.
text: His jaw muscles TENSE. His cheeks REDDEN. Veins BULGE.
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: Keep squeezing, buddy. Break it!
dialog: 67.
text: Moose puts his hand on the edge of the sink for leverage.
text: His face contorts with strain.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: Keep it up.
text: THE FLESH ON HIS FOREHEAD STARTS TO SLOWLY RIP. A DROP OF
text: BLOOD SLIPS OUT AS IF FROM A SHAVING CUT... CRACKI!I!I1!!
text: His FOREREAD SPLITS OPEN! Blood gushes. We can see the
text: inside of his head. He SCREAMS. He’s not alone...
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Make it STOP!
text: Moose clutches the sides of his head in a panic. Then as he
text: squeezes... WHOOSH! HIS EYE shoots OUT OF THE SOCKET!!!
text: SPLAT! It hits the fridge.
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: What was that!!!
text: Moose covers his face with his hands. He’s WAILING. He runs
text: tight circles in the kitchen... dropping blood everywhere...
text: He won’t stop moving.
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: MY FACE!!!! MY FACE!!!
text: He can’t see. He staggers close to the group.
text: WHAM! Doug konks him in the back of the head with a broom.
text: Moose lands hard. He moans on the floor, down for the count.
text: A moment of silence as everyone looks around the room.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: That’s the grossest shit ever.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Yeah... but the test worked.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: I’m gonna be sick.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: CINDY
dialog: Me first!
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Sasha, Ashley and Cindy knock into each other as they jockey
dialog: for the first place position.
dialog: 68.
text: They’re all moments from heaving. Cindy has her hand in
text: front of her mouth. She looks like she has already started
dialog: to vomit a little.
text: Ashley takes the lead.
speaker_heading: SASHA
speaker_heading: NOt
text: Cindy pushes Ashley into the wall like a hockey check, BAM!
text: Cindy gets to the bathroom first. All three topple in.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, BATHROOM — CONTINUOUS
text: They try to get their bearings, all over each other. They
text: push as they each try to pick up the toilet seat.
text: When the seat is half way up, Cindy hurls.
speaker_heading: CINDY
speaker_heading: AAAOCOOHHFFFFF!
text: Sasha follows, some into the toilet, most onto the wall.
speaker_heading: SASHA
scene_heading: AAOOOF FFWHHOOOOOOLLLLLLLLFFFKKKFF !
text: Ashley is about to pop. There is no room to get to the
text: toilet. She looks to the sink.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
scene_heading: CCHOOOOOFFKKK. CHOOKKFOOFK. CHIKKO!
text: Ashley pukes all over the sink and floor... Then SHRIEKS.
text: She stares at her vomit. It’s BLOOD RED, and full of CHUNKS.
text: She heaves again - this time producing a watery FLUID more
text: black than red.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: (exhausted)
dialog: It really stinks in here.
text: She turns, notices Ashley’s “predicament.” They make eye
text: contact, Ashley tries to speak, but can’t stop PUKING.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, CELLAR - LATER
text: SLAM. Doug seals Moose and Ashley inside. The cellar is
text: getting crowded. Behind him, Cindy is having conniptions as
text: separation from Moose sinks in.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Girl, chill out.
dialog: 69,
text: Muffled by the thick door, we hear the sound of Ashley
text: RETCHING again, following by GROANS of disgust.
speaker_heading: BOB (0.8. )
dialog: Damn Ashley! Like it wasn’t fucked
dialog: enough in here already!
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, GYMNASIUM - NIGHT
text: Kids slow-dance beneath a spinning disco ball.
text: A NEWS CREW setting up on the far side of the gym. Local
text: reporter JILL VALENZUELA is starting to interview Prom-goers.
text: FIND: Natasha, fending off the hand-sy advances of another
text: JOCK, a virtual clone of JACK.
speaker_heading: JOCK
dialog: c’mon sweetie——-
speaker_heading: NATASHA
dialog: My boyfriend DIED today.
speaker_heading: JOCK
dialog: Didn‘t stop you from coming.
dialog: (beat)
text: Everyone gets lucky on Prom Night.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, CHRIS’ BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Val and Weber are in the middle of the room, half-clothed,
text: climbing all over each other.
text: As _they remove each other’s tops, they hit the bed. val
text: pulls Weber on top of her.
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: We shouldn’t be doing this. It’s
dialog: not... safe.
text: They make love in a frenetic hurry. Weber nuzzles her.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: I love you. I love you.
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: Oh, baby.
dialog: (eyes closing)
dialog: What’s happening to us?
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Don’t talk. Just fuck me. Fuck
dialog: me. Fuck me--
text: He pumps as hard as he can.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: OHHHHH...
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: Don’t cum.
text: Weber tenses up. He tries to hold back....
speaker_heading: VAL (CONT’D)
dialog: Don’t....Wait....
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: I’m 90.....
text: Weber can’t hold it. He comes.
speaker_heading: WEBER (CONT’D)
scene_heading: oe eBCALEd. cae
text: He falls on top of her, exhausted. She holds him.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: (tenderly)
dialog: You are so sweet. So sweet.
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You better not be sick.
text: He puts his face in her chest and weeps.
speaker_heading: VAL
dialog: We‘re all gonna die anyway. Might
dialog: as well have a fucking orgy.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, CELLAR — NIGHT
text: Bob and Moose are huddled in a corner. Kirby’s body is in
text: another corner. Wendy is passed out with a bottle of wine in
text: her hand. still bizarrely blemish free...
text: Ashley and Kirstin are lying down together between wine
text: racks. They are MAKING OUT LIKE THEIR LIVES DEPENDED ON IT.
speaker_heading: ASHLEY
dialog: You feel soo0o good.
speaker_heading: KIRSTIN
dialog: So do you.
text: Bob watches the girls, transfixed, then turns to Moose.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (to Moose)
dialog: Hey.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (seductively)
dialog: How's it going?
text: Moose shoots Bob a look. Well, as best he can with one eye.
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: Don’t.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Don’t what?
text: They sit for a quiet BEAT.
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: Get away from me.
text: Moose scoots away. Bob moves close again.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Come on. This is the end, man.
dialog: Game over.
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: Stop it!
text: Moose tries to get up. Bob, with his good hand, gently pulls
text: Moose back down.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You remember that time...at camp?
dialog: It’s okay... Who cares what these
dialog: people think anyway.
text: Moose looks around the room at the motley crew. His macho
text: attitude fades. He GRABS BOB’S FACE, They make out.
speaker_heading: MOOSE
dialog: Oh, Bob.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Yes! Yes, Jack!
text: Moose pulls away. “What did you just call me?” He shrugs it
text: off. They remove each other’s clothes, lay down on the bench
dialog: and start to have sex.
text: They moan with pleasure. Ashley and Kirstin moan with
text: pleasure. REVEAL Chris watching it all, pleasuring himself.
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: INT. SCOTT’S BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: Scott and Eric actually look a bit battle fatigued. The game
text: is PAUSED. The floor around them is littered with soda cans
text: and candy wrappers.
dialog: scott
dialog: We need more victims.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: (pointing at the screen)
dialog: Two more, coming our way!
speaker_heading: scorT
dialog: Wait, we know that screen name.
dialog: That ’s--
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Shams!
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, GAMEROOM - NIGHT
text: Shams and Tyler play X-BOX on the big screen. There is a
text: bottle of whisky and two glasses in between them.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: Bring it, bitches.
text: Game characters pummel each other with futuristic artillery.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: DIE FUCKERS! DIEt
text: They each take a drink.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: You now, I don’t think I’ve ever
dialog: heard you talk before.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Don’t have much to say.
dialog: (vet screen)
dialog: Shit! Lost my shield.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
text: Turns out, playing videogames all
dialog: night would have been fine.
dialog: (tugging his collar)
dialog: Is it hot in here?
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Sorry, what?
text: Shams gets his game face on.
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: Nothing. Just, this disease shit -
dialog: it’s pretty serious.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Anything in life you’d do
dialog: different?
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’m a virgin.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: That sucks.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: What about you?
text: They continue their play.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: (re: screen)
dialog: Move! Move, move move!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Me? I don’t know. Beat the shit
dialog: out of guys like you less often?
text: Tyler and Shams characters are getting DESTROYED.
speaker_heading: TYLER (CONT'D)
dialog: Dude, these guys are good.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
text: NO FUCKIN’ WAY.
text: Shams gets into it. His fingers hit the pads like crazy. He
text: squeezes as hard as he can. He watches his player onscreen
dialog: fight back. Then...
text: We hear CRACK! CRACK! The sound is coming from Shams’s
text: fingere as he wails away at the game.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: Do it!
text: Shams MASHES HIS PAD WITH ALL HIS MIGHT!
speaker_heading: SHAMS
scene_heading: AAAHHHHHH! HALI1
text: A DOUBLE-CRACK! FILLS THE ROOM. THEY BOTH HEAR IT.
text: Tyler looks over and discovers that SHAMS THUMBS ARE MISSING.
text: Actually, they’re on the floor.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: Uh oh.
dialog: 
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: THE FUCKI!II...
text: Tyler BELLOWS. Shams however, is remarkably calm. No
text: screaming. Just devastating disappointment.
speaker_heading: TYLER
text: HELP! HELP! HELP!
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: Can’t I catch a break?
text: Shams tries to pick up his thumbs - an ironically difficult
text: task without them attached to his hand.
text: KIDS fill the doorway - Val, Zach, Brooke and the others
text: behind them.
text: Zach takes in the sight, heart-~broken.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, CELLAR - NIGHT
text: Zach and shams confer on opposite sides of the thick door.
text: Guilt and sadness wrestle across Zach’s face.
speaker_heading: SPLITSCREEN:
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: Please. Please, Zach - I’m begging
dialog: you. Don’t leave me in here.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: I’m so sorry.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: There‘’s got to be something you can
dialog: do. You’re a bright guy.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Just hang in there. Help is on the
dialog: way. You’ve just got to hang on.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: Fuck you! They’re gonna let us rot
dialog: and you KNOW IT! Think!
text: There’s a long beat.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: I don’t know what to do, Shams.
text: He stands. Wipes tears from his eyes and starts down the
text: long, narrow hallway.
speaker_heading: SHAMS (0.S.)
dialog: Don’t leave me Zach! Zach!
dialog: 
dialog: 7S.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Zach, Brooke, Sasha, and Doug are flipping channels in the
text: guest bedroom. FLICK. An informercial for "Salad Shooter.”
text: FLICK. An old episode of “Facts of Life.” FLICK-—-
text: They all stare listlessly. Zach strokes Brooke’s hair.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: I wonder what my sister’s gonna be
dialog: like when she grows up.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: You’ll get to see. Promise.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: You can’t promise. You don’t know.
text: CLOSE ON: Doug, sweating profusely. His eyes are red, his
text: breath a bit labored. He scoots closer to Sasha.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Don’t even think about it.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (sudden outburst)
dialog: Fuck! I need to FUCKING GET THE
text: FUCK OUT OF THIS FUCKING PLACE!
text: They all STARE at him, stunned despite themselves.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: What? Fuck you guys.
text: He stumbles towards the bathroom. Zach is concerned.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: He’s... off.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: More so than usual.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: CLOSE ON: Doug, who does indeed Look pretty damn crazy.
text: Doug DISCOVERS that the walls, toilet and floor are plastered
dialog: with puke.
speaker_heading: DOUG
text: Pigs.
text: He struggles with his zipper and PEES into the shower. He
text: runs a free hand through his hair... then looks at his
text: fingers. He sees blood.
dialog: 76.
text: He ZIPS up, then looks in the mirror. He SPREADS HIS HAIR
text: apart - sees a BLOODY SORE that extends behind his ear. He
text: tugs the top of his ear for closer inspection... and it comes
text: CLEAN OFF HIS HEAD.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT’D)
dialog: No FUCKING way.
text: He carefully tries to STICK the ear back on. It stays -
text: secured by gooey layer of puss.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, BEDROOM ~ NIGHT
text: Doug reappears in the doorway looking worse and frighteningly
text: vacant. He’s completely snapped... or is about to.
text: No one on the bed notices. Their eyes are glued to the NEWS:
speaker_heading: JUDITH MARTIN (TV)
dialog: ++-Jill Valenzuela spoke with some
dialog: of the students. Here’s the tape.
text: The news CUTS TO footage of JILL VALENZUELA, a peppy
text: reporter, interviewing kids AT THE PROM. She passes two kids
text: SLOW DANCING.
speaker_heading: JILL VALENZUELA
dialog: What do you two think of the
dialog: tragedy?
speaker_heading: DANCING GIRL (TV)
dialog: It’s a shame.
speaker_heading: JILL VALENZUELA (TV)
dialog: How about you?
speaker_heading: DANCING GUY (TV)
dialog: Yeah. Total bummer.
text: They two kids go back to slow dancing. We SEE that Natasha
text: ig miraculously recovered from her trauma. she’s in the arms
text: of a new BEAU.
text: Jill walks over to three girls, MARYANN MCDONOUGH, a girl
text: with way too much attitude, JANINE, and TRACI, a petite girl
text: who speaks softly.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: (to Doug)
dialog: Hey ~ weren’t you going to Prom
dialog: with MaryAnn?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: (stonefaced)
dialog: I blew her off. Came her instead.
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Lucky break for both of you.
speaker_heading: JILL VALENZUELA (Tv)
dialog: Did you guys know the kids at Chris
dialog: Welch’s house?
text: Janine leans into the microphone.
speaker_heading: JANINE (TV)
dialog: I did. It’s so tragic you know.
dialog: They were so young.
text: Sasha starts to CRY. Zach and Brooke turn to one another.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Were?
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: (sobbing, gasping)
dialog: Oh my God. Prom! Look... How...
dialog: Beautiful...
text: Jill Valenzuela turns to MARYANN MCDONOUGH. Doug’s jaw
speaker_heading: CLENCHES,.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Look Doug. Your sweetie.
speaker_heading: JILL VALENZUELA (TV)
dialog: I understand this evening is
dialog: particularly hard for you. Your
dialog: date is trapped in that house--
speaker_heading: MARY ANN (TV)
dialog: Hi, I’m MaryAnn. Let me first just
dialog: say that I feel really bad for all
dialog: of them. And I did feel really bad
dialog: about Doug, too - I mean, I still
dialog: do but-- sometimes he was such a
dialog: jerk. If he’d just come directly
dialog: to Prom like I asked...
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Fuck you, MaryAnn.
text: Traci pushes past MaryAnn and looks in the camera.
speaker_heading: TRACY (TV)
dialog: Yeah. I want to send all my wishes
dialog: and prayers. But it’s true... Doug
dialog: wasn’t very nice.
speaker_heading: JANINE (TV)
dialog: Yeah. He was so conceited.
speaker_heading: DOUG.
dialog: SHUT UP!
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: JILL VALENZUELA (TV)
dialog: Our hearts are with these kids -
dialog: struggling to enjoy their Bpecial
dialog: night under these awful
dialog: circumstances.
text: Doug THROWS A GLASS at the screen, and the 2nd TV of the
text: evening is OBLITERATED.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Dammit! That’s the last TV!
text: Doug is SHAKING with rage. He looks like a volcano.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Wish those fucking bitches were
dialog: heret
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Dude, settle.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Fucking all you fuckers are fucked!
text: SUDDENLY: Doug’s EAR FALLS OFF. No one moves.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Fuck.
text: Doug RUSHES for the window, throws it open. The RED LASER
text: DOT from a rifle sight traces it’s way up his torso.
dialog: Douc
dialog: FUCKII!!
text: He takes off down the hall.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, DINING ROOM - LATER
text: Zach addresses the gathered troops. They hang on his every
text: word ~ he’s emerged as the clear leader.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Alright everybody. We looked, but
text: there’s no sign of him.
text: Alarmed WHISPERS spread through the group.
speaker_heading: TYLER
dialog: He’s in here somewhere.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I could take him.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: He’s... a little nuts and hasn’t
dialog: got anything to lose.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: ZACH (cont'd)
dialog: That makes him much more dangerous.
dialog: We need to watch each other’s
dialog: backs.
text: Weber raises his hand. Zach POINTS.
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: Watch our backs? We’re SCREWED. I
dialog: mean, if the CDC doesn’t arrive
text: goon, and now with a psycho running
dialog: around--~
speaker_heading: ZACH (CONT'D)
dialog: They’1l come. This has become far
dialog: too big.
dialog: (darkly)
dialog: But yes, for some of us the clock
dialog: is ticking. We can’t stand by and
dialog: do nothing while our friends die.
text: Everyone looks down ~ towards the BASEMENT.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, CELLAR - CONTINUOUS
text: BAM! The cellar door flies open. It’s Zach and Brook, with
text: a small set of curious bystanders. Moose Bob, and several
text: others are in pretty bad shape. Wendy is STILL blemish free.
text: Zach looks ready for war.
text: Shams eyes him gratefully, optimistically.
speaker_heading: SHAMS:
dialog: Zach?
speaker_heading: 2ACH
dialog: Hey there, buddy.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: I’m not sick! I swear, I’m not!
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: There’s a chance you’re immune.
dialog: I’m sorry that this happened to
dialog: you, but you might be valuable to
dialog: the CDC. Thank you for being so
dialog: brave.
text: Wendy calms immediately. Zach turns towards Chris:
speaker_heading: 2ACH
dialog: Chris -
speaker_heading: CHRIS (0.S.)
dialog: (mangled jaw)
dialog: Yeag - Warz sup?
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: I need power tools.
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, BASEMENT HALLWAY - LATER
text: We follow a long extension cord. It runs down the hallway,
text: past kids’ feet, and underneath the cellar door. Zach and
text: Chris watch through the window. Cindy paces behind them.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: I can’t watch.
text: She looks at Brooke expectantly.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: I’m staying.
text: Sasha storms upstairs. Doug peek through the window.
speaker_heading: SASHA (0.S.)
dialog: Crazy mother-fuckers....
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, CELLAR — NIGHT
text: An impromptu MEDICAL STATION has been built. There are boxes
text: of bandages, scissors, twine, paper towels, a tube of
text: antibacterial ointment, and TWO BOTTLES OF VODKA.
text: Zach holds a CIRCULAR SAW.
text: Sheets have been laid down on the floor. Shams is laid out
text: on top of them.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: (eying the circular saw)
text: That’s a far cry from a scalpel.
text: Zach waves Bob over. ZACH AND BOB throw SHEETS OVER THEIR
text: HEADS. Eye holes have been cut out. THEY LOOK LIKE GHOSTS.
text: Bob puts his foot on Shams’ wrist. HE HOLDS IT DOWN.
text: Zach puts Safety Goggles on. He lines up the blade on SHAMS’
speaker_heading: FOREARM.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: You have to take off that much?
text: Zach indicates where the discolored veins in the hand end and
text: healthy flesh begins.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: There’ s no point if we don’t get it
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: Yeah, what’s an extra inch or two--
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: 2ACH
dialog: Shams - you sure you’re cool?
text: Shams nods and Zach squeezes the trigger. RRRRRRRRRR!
text: BLOOD FLIES EVERYWHERE! WINE RACKS GET SPLATTERED.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
speaker_heading: AAAAAAAAHHHE I
text: PIECES OF BONE chip away and sail in the air. ZACH GRIMACES
text: WITH STEADFAST DETERMINATION.
text: Then, it’s time for Shams other wrist - and the left hand is
text: severed as messily as the right.
text: The sick kids are huddled in a corner, facing away, blood all
text: over their backs. The saw WHINES to a slow stop.
text: Brooke administers rapid medical attention... bandages,
dialog: vodka, the works,
speaker_heading: 2ACH
dialog: (raising his goggles)
dialog: Who’s next?
speaker_heading: TO BLACK:
text: The grinding WHIR OF THE POWER SAW OVER:
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: The scene outside has become more melee than managed police
text: scene. Parents are swarming. News crews have literally set
text: up camp. Even a PROTEST GROUP has made an appearance...
text: Agent Ridge has detained several parents; Sargeant Frank is
text: being led away in cuffs, YELLING at the top of his lungs.
text: A REPORTER and CAMERAMAN corner Agent Ridge.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: We understand that an entire small
dialog: town in Bunyon County has undergone
text: similar containment.
text: The reporter thrusts the microphone in Ridge’s face and lets
text: it hover there. He doesn’t say a word.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: Any comment on the situation inside
dialog: the house?
text: Ridge reaches over and plucks a cable from the side of the
text: camera. The small light glowing on top dims. The cameraman
text: CURSES and Ridge walks away, soon joined by a JUNIOR AGENT.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR AGENT
text: No sign of him sir. The cruiser he
dialog: stole is still MIA too...
text: NEARBY: Officer Paul is conversing with Zach's parents and
dialog: Doug’s dad Dr. Viola.
speaker_heading: OFFICER PAUL
text: This is total chaos.
speaker_heading: ZACH’S DAD
dialog: Is there anything we can do?
speaker_heading: OFFICER PAUL
dialog: Pray.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CRUISER - NIGHT
text: Winston is driving, utterly preoccupied with the array of
text: fancy doodads on the dash: GPS, call monitors, data
text: computer... he punches buttons arbitrarily.
text: The radio crackles:
speaker_heading: VOICE (RADIO)
dialog: Deputy Winston. You’re ordered to
dialog: respond. Return the vehicle.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: ¥’all can clean your own mess.
text: WHAM! The cruiser CRASHES into an electrical pole. Two high-
text: tension power lines fall to the asphalt, writhing like live
text: snakes. Winston hurries from the car to survey the damage.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Whoops.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, STREET - CONTINUOUS
text: There’s a loud electrical SNAP, then a strange deep, droning
text: noise - like the world’s largest television set being turned
text: off ~ BEEEEEEEEQOOOOOOOOOOP.
text: The entire BLOCK is plunged into darkness. Every streetlamp,
text: every home, every traffic light... INCLUDING THE SECURITY
text: LIGHTS WHICH SURROUND CHRIS’ HOUSE.
scene_heading: INT. SCOTT’S BASEMENT, DARK - CONTINUOUS
text: A FLASHLIGHT winks on. Scott and Eric are in the middle of
text: the basements black void.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: Tell me you saved the game.
speaker_heading: scorT
dialog: We should have gone to Prom.
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, GYMNASIUM - CONTINUOUS
text: The gym is a black abyss. Emergency lighting sputters to
text: life above green exits signs, casting the alarmed students
text: below in eerie silhouette.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, BASEMENT — CONTINUOUS
text: A lighter FLICKS, and the lonely butane flame casts a futile
text: bubble of illumination. Zach’s face glows.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: What’s going on?
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Did they cut the power?
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: That wouldn’t make sense.
text: Running FOOTSTEPS on the floor above their heads. The CREAK
text: ef a door opening. More FOOTSTEPS, Then, glass SHATTERS.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Shams, everyone, stay put.
dialog: (to Brooke)
dialog: Stay close.
text: Led by light of the tiny flame, they move as quickly as they
text: can through the door and up the stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Officers and Agents surround the house, clutching
text: flashlights, guns drawn. Under the veil of blackness, the
text: property seems much larger, harder to easily canvas.
text: PERSONNEL on the street scramble to reposition the Police
text: vehicles so that the headlights illuminate the house. Though
text: they move with efficiency, the multiple distractions allow
text: them to miss... A FEW SHAPES ESCAPING FROM THE HOUSE!
text: NEARBY: Officer Paul observes the siege in progress with
text: concern. Another OFFICER approaches:
speaker_heading: OFFICER PAUL
dialog: Where’s our power, Lopez?
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: OFFICER LOPEZ
dialog: There’s a line down on Oak. We’re
text: talking at least another fifteen.
text: Officer Paul watches as Agent Ridge silently, cautiously
text: leads a TEAM towards the patio.
speaker_heading: AGENT RIDGE
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: No one leaves this house.
dialog: Understood?
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Zach and Brooke reach the living room, a half-dozen kide are
text: watching as Weber delicately shimmies through a hole smashed
text: in one of the windows. Almost everyone has left.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Stop that!
text: Zach grabs Weber by the belt-loops and pulls him back inside.
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: What the fuck, dude!
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: I’m not dying in here, man.
text: Zach looks out the window. He can see several SHAPES fleeing
text: towards the treeline surrounding the property. It’s a clear,
text: narrow path to freedom. He glimpses Val, the last to escape,
text: disappearing into the thatch of woods.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: (to Zach)
dialog: We have to stop them.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: If they contact more people, Weber
dialog: this thing will be impossible to
dialog: stop.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Where were they going?
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: (shrugs, half-joking)
dialog: Knowing these assholes, they’d be
dialog: tempted to go to Prom--
text: Brooke and Zach eye one another with alarm, then glance again
text: towards the window...
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: Let the Police handle it, hero.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: The Police will kill them.
speaker_heading: WEBER
dialog: They’re already dead.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: Agent Ridge and his men reach the patio. In the pool,
text: Katie’s body has dissolved into a nearly unrecognizable blob.
text: The sliding doors leading inside are locked. Agent Ridge
text: gestures for his men to SMASH the glass.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: The AGENTS step slowly into the living room, washed in the
text: Muted yellow light of the idling Police Cars outside.
text: FLASHLIGHT BEAMS scan the darkness, find the destroyed TV,
text: the blood-spattered kitchen. Drinking glasses... no kids.
text: ACROSS THE HOUSE, more agents BURST through the front door.
dialog: They motion the “All Clear.”
text: Ridge looks uncharacteristically worried.
speaker_heading: RIDGE
dialog: I want air support. They can’t
dialog: have gotten far--
text: An AGENT emphatically gestures for Ridges attention, pointing
text: towards an open door and a stairway leading down.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, STAIRS ~ CONTINUOUS
text: Ridge and his men step slowly down the stairs towards the
text: basement, guns still at the ready.
text: Ridge notices the extension cord snaking its way towards the
text: heavy cellar door.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, CELLAR - NIGHT
text: The door CREAKS open. The darkness here is impenetrable.
text: There is faint SCUFFLING. The Agents are not alone.
speaker_heading: AGENT RIDGE
dialog: Don’t be afraid. You’re all going
dialog: to be okay.
dialog: 86.
text: Circles of light from the flashlights glide across the blood
text: soaked walls. FIND the circular saw still dripping with
text: gore... Then SUDDENLY FINDS CHRIS, who has pressed himself
text: flush against the wine racks, trying to hide.
text: Terrified, Chris RUSHES FORWARD, babbling through the cavity
dialog: that used to be his mouth.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: OyMahGewd - plez gelp ge!
text: The closest AGENT GASPS in disgust and surprise. He
text: impulsively squeezes his trigger - CRACK! - and what remains
text: of Chris’s face EXPLODES in a geyser. His body wobbles, then
text: collapses to the floor.
text: Several STIFLED SCREAMS echo against the stone walls.
text: The Agents swivel on their heels nervously.
scene_heading: EXT. MI. VERNON STREET - NIGHT
text: Winston has gotten the Cruiser moving, but it’s on it’s last
text: legs - every foot it traverses accompanied by the SCREECH of
text: grinding metal. The front end is hopelessly mangled, smoke
text: billows from beneath the hood.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
scene_heading: c’mon. C’MON--
text: The car dies, clanging to a permanent halt.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Fuck!
text: He looks out the window. Directly beside him, at the rear of
text: an immense, full parking lot, is Mt. Vernon High.
text: Right on cue, the power returns. The overhead fluorescents
text: in the parking lot illuminate. A dim but distinct CHEER
text: rises from the school - hundreds of relieved revelers
text: celebrating the resumption of prom.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Sweet!
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE, BASEMENT - NIGHT
text: The stand-off continues.
speaker_heading: AGENT RIDGE
dialog: All of you. Come out!
text: Nothing. No response.
dialog: 87.
text: SUDDENLY: the lights blaze back to life, and SHAPES lurking
text: in the shadows become clear. The agents are startled.
text: THEN: the kids make a collective RUSH towards the door —
text: Shams, Bob, Moose, Kirsten, Ashley - the Agents take AIM:
text: Moose is SHOT in the chest and collapses on an Agent,
text: bleeding all over while smothering him with his girth.
text: Agent Ridge lines up Ashley in his sights...
text: But Shams and Bob wrestle him to the ground. Agent Ridge
text: lands on the CIRCULAR SAW which WHIRS to life beneath him.
text: His mouth opens in a silent SCREAM, a fountain of blood
text: erupting over his lips.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: The KIDS reach the empty living room, only to find more
text: AGENTS, ready to pick them off one by one.
text: They FREEZE.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE ~ CONTINUOUS
text: The entire property is once more blanketed by the powerful
text: glow of security lights.
text: Officer Paul stares at the house expectantly.
text: The sound of GUNSHOTS pierce the quiet... and Officer Paul’s
text: walkie blazes to life with PANICKED CHATTER.
speaker_heading: WALKIE
dialog: (different voices)
dialog: Ridge is down ... we’ve got six
dialog: kids ... wounded, most dead... it’s
dialog: a bloodbath ...
text: NEWS CREWS scurry to make sense of the unfolding drama.
text: Groups of PARENTS press against the officers who restrain
text: them, desperate for anawers.
text: Overhead, a HELICOPTER flies past.
scene_heading: EXT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, GYMNASIUM - NIGHT
text: A ring of teens loiter near the gym, taking quick, furtive
text: sips from concealed brown-bagged beer.
speaker_heading: WINSTON (OFF)
dialog: What you got there?
dialog: 88.
text: They turn in unison. Winston is swaggering towards them,
text: hands on hips. PANIC lights in their eyes.
speaker_heading: TEEN 1
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: TEEN 2
dialog: Yeah, nothing Officer.
text: Winston snatches the paper bag from the closest teen, and
text: peers inside. It’s a Colt 40.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Uh-oh.
speaker_heading: TEEN 3
dialog: Please, please, be cool. It’s
dialog: PROM, man.
text: Winston sizes them up, overflowing with pantomime
text: deliberation. He quickly confiscates all of their
dialog: contraband.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Goon. Get back inside, don’t let
dialog: me catch you out here again.
text: They disburse like lightning in a chorus of “Thank Yous.”
text: Once they’re out of sight, Winston chugs one. He tosses the
text: bottle into the bushes and carries the remaining inside.
scene_heading: EXT. RAVINE - NIGHT
text: Zach and Brooke run through the moonlight. They bob and
text: weave to avoid sharp branches.
text: Brooke trips over a log. She falls HARD.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: You need to stop?
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: No.
text: Brooke gets up. They keep running, trying to find their way.
text: They hear the helicopter overhead. A SEARCHLIGHT traces the
text: ground nearby.
text: They duck behind a tree.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - CONTINUOUS
text: A SNIPER in the Helicopter has Zach in his sights.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: HELICOPTER PILOT
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: We have two runaways. Clean shot.
scene_heading: EXT. CHRIS’ HUGE PARTY HOUSE - CONTINUOUS
text: officer Paul is currently in command. He hesitates.
speaker_heading: OFFICER PAUL
dialog: Stand down. We’ll intercept on the
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: HELICOPTER PILOT
dialog: Who is this? Where’s Ridge?
text: It just so happens, Agent Ridge is being carried out of the
text: house in a plastic bag...
speaker_heading: OFFICER PAUL
text: Ridge is indisposed. Stand down.
scene_heading: EXT. RAVINE - CONTINUOUS
text: The helicopter moves in one direction. Zach and Brooke run
dialog: in the other.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Do you know the way?
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: I_thought so. I think we’re
dialog: close...
text: Feeling they’ve lost their pursuers, they pause to catch
dialog: their breath.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: I’m a little turned around. You
dialog: okay?
text: Brooke nods. They hear RUSTLING! They look around - Bpot
text: the BUSH where it’s coming from.
text: Zach PICKS UP A BIG STICK and holds it over his head. Brooke
text: picks up a smaller one.
text: The bush rustles again and Zach SWINGS. He hits... A BODY.
text: EDDIE, a party-guy in a tuxedo, rolls out.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
speaker_heading: OWWWWWW !
text: Two more party-guys, LYLE and MITCH, emerge from the bushes.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Fuck! We thought you were cops.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: We came out here to drink.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Wait...
text: Mitch looks at Zach and Brooke, still splattered with blood
text: from their “surgical” endeavors.
speaker_heading: MITCH (CONT’D)
dialog: Where did you guys come from?
speaker_heading: LYLE
dialog: They got that... “thing!”
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: No. Promise.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Look at them! They were at Chris’!
text: Lyle and Mitch pick up sticks, take an offensive posture.
speaker_heading: MITCH
dialog: Get away.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: We'll go. Just, tell us which way
dialog: the prom is.
speaker_heading: L
dialog: Forget it!
text: Lyle swings at Zach. He misses.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: I’m not sick! I’m trying to help!
text: Doug is on his way to--
text: Mitch swings. He hits Zach in the leg.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Help us! Please!
text: Mitch CLUBS Zach in the shoulder. Zach’s had enough. He
text: lays a HUGE SWING into Mitch’s RIBS. BOOM! Mitch goes down.
text: He chokes as he tries to get his breath. Zach looks to Lyle.
speaker_heading: ZACH (CONT’D)
dialog: Which way?
dialog: 91.
text: Lyle points. 4%ach and Brocke run like hell.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK - NIGHT
text: Up ahead Zach and Brooke see the HIGH SCHOOL.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Over there!
text: They run past a convenience store. Brooke does her best to
text: keep up. Zach blazes into an intersection. He look behind
text: him to check on Brooke. SCREEEEFECH -
text: A CAR HITS Zach. Zach bounces off the windshield and
text: somersaults onto the pavement. Brooke reaches him.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Are you alright?
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Yeah. I think so.
text: Zach is WooZY, his pants torn and the flesh beneath deeply
text: gouged. The IRATE DRIVER gets out of the car.
speaker_heading: IRATE DRIVER
dialog: What the fuck, kid! You ran into
dialog: the middle of the road--
text: He takes long look at Zach, who’s struggles to his feet in
text: the beam of the headlamps. He’s bloody, wild-eyed, and
dialog: pissed. This is definitely NOT the same Zach we met
text: yesterday... The Driver shuts up and closes his door.
text: Brooke grabs him. Zach follows, now slowed by a LIMP.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Come onl
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MI. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL - NIGHT
text: A TRUCK pulls up in front of the school.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK - CONTINUOUS
text: Sasha prepares to climb out of the cab. The TRUCK DRIVER
text: leers at her hungrily. Sasha is... not all there. Sweat
text: beads on her forehead.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Thanks for the ride.
speaker_heading: TRUCK DRIVER
dialog: Glad I could help, darling.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Quick kiss for luck?
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Forget it.
speaker_heading: TRUCK DRIVER
dialog: C’mon. Peck on the cheek. Don’t
dialog: normally pick up hitchhikers...
text: Sasha rolls her eyes. Whatever. As she leans in for the
text: micro-smooch, the truck driver turns his head and kisses her
text: FULL ON THE MOUTH, pulling Sasha forward greedily.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: {tearing away)
dialog: Fuck you, pig!
speaker_heading: TRUCK DRIVER
dialog: You have a nice night, Sweetheart.
dialog: You go make some horny boys night.
text: She flips him off. He GRUNTS like a pig as she scampers
text: towards the Gym. His LAUGHTER tapers as she dovetails from
text: view, his expression shifting to dawning displeasure. He has
text: something in his mouth. He fishes inside with a finger and
text: retrieves... A BLOODY TOOTH.
scene_heading: EXT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL - CONTINUOUS
text: Winded by her brief jog, Sasha stops at a parked car to
text: inspect her reflection. She adjusts her hair. Puckers her
text: lips, then is seized by a COUGH... which expels a blob of
text: dark blood onto the car window.
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, GYMNASIUM - NIGHT
text: The BAND takes a break and a DJ [50s, hopelessly out of
text: touch] takes over a turntable.
text: He unsleeves an album and places it on the spindle. The gym
dialog: floods with Air Supply’s “Two Less Lonely People.”
text: Kids MOAN, but don’t stop dancing.
text: CLOSE ON: The DJ, oblivious, nodding his head to the
text: smooooocoth rhythm. SUDDENLY an unseen hand SHOVES him.
text: WINSTON takes his place, record in hand.
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, GYMNASIUM ~ MOMENTS LATER
text: Kids shake their heads and hair to “Pour Some Sugar on Me.”
text: Winston makes the rounds, nods and points double-barrel
text: fingers at clusters of teens who smile back, confused.
text: He FINDS two HUSKY GIRLS and saunters over.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: How’re you ladies tonight?
speaker_heading: HUSKY GIRL 1
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: All alone?
speaker_heading: HUSKY GIRL 2
dialog: Our dates took off. Evidently
dialog: drinking in the fields is more fun--
text: The first girl ELBOWS her.
speaker_heading: HUSKY GIRL 1
dialog: You don’t have to tell everybody.
text: Winston discretely removes his HIP FLASK... Then notices the
text: NEWS CREW on the far side of the gym. Local reporter JILL
text: VALENZUELA is still pestering Prom-goers.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: We should find a place to party.
speaker_heading: HUSKY GIRL 1
dialog: Aren’t you a cop?
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: off duty.
text: They glance at one another, uncertain.
speaker_heading: WINSTON (CONT’D)
dialog: This is Prom Night, ladies. Love
text: is in the air.
scene_heading: EXT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Winston and the two girls hang out on the floor, drinking the
text: recently liberated beer.
text: At the far end of the hall, a FIGURE bangs on the doors.
text: Winston excuses himself and cruises down the hali.
dialog: 94.
text: He opens the door a crack. Standing outside, grinning
dialog: calmly, is Doug.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: What up, dude?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Hey--
dialog: (taking in Winston’s
dialog: uniform)
dialog: Officer. Will you let me in?
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: What's wrong with the front door?
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: It’s just, look, I forgot my asthma
dialog: inhaler, and all this dancing... I
dialog: got an extra one in my locker--
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Whatever.
text: He lets Doug pass, not noticing the BLOOD which coats the
text: side of the young man’s face. Instead, Winston trots
text: excitedly back to his “dates” and Doug disappears down
text: another corridor.
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, GYMNASIUM — NIGHT
text: SLOW MOTION Pov: Moving through throngs of dancing students,
text: who shake and shimmy, pausing with momentary curiosity as
dialog: they’re passed.
text: REVEAL: Sasha carving her way across the dance-floor towards
text: the stage. Her eyes are fixed on something there:
text: CLOSE ON: the focus of her fascination. Resting on a faux-
text: marble pedestal wait the CROWNS for Prom King and Prom Queen.
text: She grins - missing a front tooth.
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL - NIGHT
text: MONTAGE: Doug travels from door to deor, sealing each one
text: closed via an assortment of different means: bike chains,
text: rope, blocking them with chairs...
text: CLOSE ON: Doug removing the FIRE AXE from its wall-mounted
text: tomb in breakaway glass...
speaker_heading: MEANWHILE:
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: EXT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL — NIGHT, CONTINUOUS
text: zach and Brooke reach the Gym. They eye the front entrance.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Let’s do this--
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: We can’t risk getting caught.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I mean, look at us. We have to
text: find a back entrance.
text: INTERCUT: Each door they try has already been secured. Doug
text: is perpetually one step ahead.
text: They reach the last door. It too is locked, and the
text: frustration in Zach’s face is plain.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: We're wasting too much time.
speaker_heading: ZACE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’ve got an idea...
scene_heading: QUICK SERIES OF CUTS:
text: Zach breaks down the door to the 4-H gardening shed.
text: He grabs a rake and a hoe.
text: Zach SMASHES the window leading into the locker room.
text: Zach and Brooke cut through the locker room to...
speaker_heading: CUT TOs
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, GYMNASIUM - CONTINUOUS
text: CLOSE ON: Zach and Brooke, gardening tools in hand.
text: PULL BACK: They’re at the rear of the Gym, bloody, pale-faced
text: Grim Reapers bathed in pink and green light.
scene_heading: ANOTHER QUICK SERIES OF CUTS:
text: Zach and Brooke dash from couple to couple, from group to
text: group, from Hor’dourve table to punchbowl - Spreading the
text: word... messengers of the Apocalypse.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: You need to get out of here!
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: CHEERLEADER
dialog: The pretty girls are at Chris’! I
dialog: actually have a shot at Prom Queen!
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: At least go outside?
speaker_heading: JOCK
dialog: I step out, I break hearts. can’t
dialog: let that happen...
speaker_heading: CUT TOs
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: You don’t understand! Infected
dialog: kids might BE here!
speaker_heading: BAND GEEK
dialog: But we go back on in fifteen.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A SUDDEN HUSH descends over the gymnasium. All heads TURN to
text: the stage. The DJ removes the needle from the record.
text: Sasha stands alone, the Prom Queen Tiara in her hand, blood
text: dribbling from the corners of her mouth. She addresses the
text: vast assembly of staring faces. This is her moment.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Thank you all sooo much. This is
dialog: such an honor. A dream come true,
dialog: really.
text: She places the Tiara an her head.
speaker_heading: SASHA
dialog: Is it on right? It feels weird--
text: Sasha over-exerts her attempt to squeeze the metal ornament
text: over her hair -- and PEELS THE FLESH from her scalp!
text: She smiles and waves benignly, blood pouring through down her
text: forehead and cheeks, pausing to COUGH several enormous GOBS
text: which splash into the crowd.
text: Kids SCREAM and SCATTER. Balloons POP. ONE END OF THE
text: BANNER falls. Tables and chairs get toppled. They’re
text: literally climbing and crawling over one another to reach the
dialog: doors first.
text: JUST THEN: Winston and his two “dates” return from their
text: sojourn in the hallway.
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: SWISH-PAN FROM WINSTON’S POV: Groups simultaneously discover
text: that the doors are all jammed. A few find the open route
text: leading back to the locker room, but most are trapped.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: God dammit.
text: Winston turns on his heels and heads back into the school,
text: abandoning his heavy-set new friends.
text: The THRONGS stream towards the main deors, but the path is
text: blocked by DOUG, wielding his axe.
speaker_heading: bDoUG
speaker_heading: HI GUYS!
dialog: (grins)
dialog: You know, I had no idea how
dialog: unpopular I was. Guess I should
dialog: have been nicer. Fact is, I hate
dialog: all of you even more than you hate
dialog: me. But even a bully needs love...
text: The crowd slowly backpedals away from him. He spots Mary Ann
text: in their midst, trying desperately to avoid his eyes.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT’D)
text: MARY ANN MCDONOUGH! Baby!
text: The herd PUSHES her forward. The rest shy away from her.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT’D)
dialog: Ahhh. Come here, pumpkin.
text: Doug slowly pute his hands around her head. She cowers.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT’D)
dialog: I was dying, and you said such
dialog: awful things.
text: She squirms. He holds her tight and kisses her hard on the
text: mouth, like Michael Corleone kissed Fredo.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT’D)
dialog: Love yal
text: She rune away.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT'D)
dialog: Who else wants a warm fuzzy one?
text: CLANG! Zach’s garden hoe connects squarely with the side of
text: Doug’s head. BLOOD SPRAYS into the crowd, hitting unprepared
text: gawkers in the face.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: (to the crowd)
dialog: Go on! Run!
dialog: 98.
text: Doug is already clamoring to his feet, reaching for the axe.
scene_heading: EXT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL -— CONTINUOUS
text: There is a MASS EXODUS from the Hall. Kids in formal wear
text: run for their lives WAVING AND SCREAMING, just as:
text: POLICE CARS, SIRENS walling, fly over the curb.
text: The cops lean out of their windows, GUNS DRAWN.
speaker_heading: CURB COP #1
speaker_heading: FREEZE!
speaker_heading: CURB COP #2
dialog: Everyone! Back inside!
text: The cops get out of their cars. They all hear a DISPATCHER
text: across their radios.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER (0.8.)
scene_heading: ++-USE FORCE IF NECESSARY.
text: The kids, hands raised, back inside. THE COPS SHUT THE
text: ENTRANCE DOOR. Two officers take huge CHAINS and look the
text: door from the outside.
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Three PREPPIE KIDS, poug’s blood on their formal wear, scurry
text: down the corridor - their backs hunched like soldiers
text: crossing an open field.
speaker_heading: PREPPIE KID 1
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Maybe we can get out through the
dialog: library.
speaker_heading: PREPPIE KID 2
dialog: I got that assholes blood all over
dialog: us.
text: FROM NOWHERE: The axe blade Splits the 2nd Preppie Kid’s
text: skull in HALF! Blood and brains SPLATTER THE wall,
speaker_heading: DOUG
text: The other two SCREAM, but their distress is ended quickly as
text: Doug severs their heads.
scene_heading: INT. MI. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, LOCKER ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Zach and Brooke lead a group towards the coach’s offices - he
text: funnels them inside.
dialog: 
dialog: 99.
text: Mary Ann comes running around the corner. She tries to get
text: into the room.
speaker_heading: DANCING GIRL
text: NO! SHE CAN’T COME IN! DOUG
speaker_heading: KISSED HER!
speaker_heading: MARY ANN
dialog: (crying)
speaker_heading: Pleaset
speaker_heading: DANCING GUY
dialog: NO!
speaker_heading: ZACE
dialog: It’s okay!
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: (to Mary Ann)
dialog: Just stay in the corner.
text: Mary Ann sits on the floor. Everybody glowers at her.
text: Then... SCREAMING along with Doug’ LAUGH.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Stay here. Don’t open the door.
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Winston wanders the halls, the carnage of Doug’s passage all
text: around him, bodies in the hall, smashed lockers, severed
text: electrical wiring resulting in sputtering lights overhead.
text: He comes upon the three dead Preppie Kids. He considers them
text: for a LONG BEAT.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Best to handle this the Bunyon
dialog: County way.
text: QUICK SERIES OF CUTS: Winston emerges from the Chemistry
text: Classroom wearing a thick rubber apron, long latex gloves,
text: and carrying bottles of Isopropyl Alcohol.
text: He laboriously drags the bodies into a haphazard pile.
text: He empties the Alcohol over the corpses.
text: He retrieves a silver Zippo from a pocket and sets them on
text: fire... Whistling, he walks away.
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Doug twirls the axe absentmindedly like a lumberjack on a
text: morning stroll.
text: He rounds a corner, and finds himself face-to-face with three
text: fleeing members of the STUDENT BAND. Each are lugging their
dialog: beloved instruments and Look utterly terrified,
text: It’s a “West Side Story” gangland stand-off; the axe-wielding
text: Maniac vs. the DRUMMER, the SAXOPHONIST, and the VIOLINIST.
text: The Saxophonist cocks the heavy brass behind his body. As
text: he’s about to attack... Doug swings the Axe- hitting him IN
text: THE ANKLE. The Saxophonist goes down.
text: Doug then turns on the other two, swinging wildly, narrowly
text: missing. The drummer assaults Doug with the Crash Cymbal.
text: He pulls back again, carving a deep slice of arm before the
text: disk CLATTERS to the floor,
text: Doug awings the axe upwards. IT OBLITERATES the violin, then
text: strikes the violinist on the inner thigh. SPLOTCH!
text: Doug has trouble getting the axe back out of the deep wound.
text: The VIOLINIST HOWLS in pain.
text: Using one cymbal as a shield, another as a weapon, the
text: Drummer redoubles his assault.
text: Doug abandons the axe, letting it dangle between the
text: SCREAMING violinist’s legs. He picks the Cymbal from the
text: floor... and throws it like a Frisbee. It slices through the
text: drummer’s neck, striking the WINDPIPE AND VIBRATES. GONG!
text: His work done, Doug reclaims the axe with a sickening WET
text: SQUELCH. He continues on his merry way, leaving the three
text: bleeding, writhing victims in hia wake.
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, DIFFERENT HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Zach and Brooke tiptoe the hall, still brandishing rake and
dialog: hoe respectively.
text: In the Trophy Case up ahead, Zach spots DoUG’Ss REFLECTION...
dialog: but a moment too late!
text: Doug is upon them, swinging the axe. Brooke takes refuge in
text: a nearby classroom.
text: Zach falls back, CRASHING through the trophy case, then is
text: pummeled by the falling trophies.
dialog: lol.
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, TYPING CLASSROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Doug walks in. He looks around, peeks under the desk...
text: Brooke has disappeared.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Lambchop?
text: Then..... DING! Brooke comes out from behind the open door
text: and SLAMS Doug IN THE HEAD WITH AN ELECTRIC TYPEWRITER. Doug
text: hits the floor.
text: Doug puts his hands up as a futile shield; his head has taken
text: quite a beating, and the left side of his face has been
text: turned to pulp. Blood spills over his fingers.
text: Brooke picks up the typewriter again. She hurls it at his
text: head repeatedly: DING! CLICK! CHING!
text: Doug writhes in pain.
speaker_heading: DOUG (CONT’D)
dialog: Fucking bitch!
text: Brooke runs out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. MI. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Brooke pulls Zach from the Trophy Case and drags him off down
dialog: the hall.
speaker_heading: DOUG (0.8.)
dialog: Zach! I can’t WAIT to kill you!
text: Zach and Brooke run towards a corridor of classrooms... and
text: smack into WINSTON.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Oh thank God, we need your help,
dialog: Officer--
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Deputy.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Whatever.
text: Zach peers over Winston’s shoulder. Smoke is billowing out
text: of several classrooms. Winston is still FLICKING the silver
text: lighter in his hand.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: What the fuck are you doing?
dialog: 102.
text: Winston follows his wide-eyed gaze, and notices that the
text: flames from his funerary burn piles have spread to the walls
dialog: and ceiling,
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Whoops.
dialog: (Beat; as though the
text: hallway behind him wasn’t
dialog: on fire)
dialog: Gotta take a leak.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: What the hell smells so bad?
dialog: (looking closer)
dialog: Holy shit!
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, MEN’S ROOM — NIGHT
text: Zach and Winston bravely open bathroom stalls. The last one
text: is locked. Zach KICKS IT OPEN. Inside is... MR. SHEPPARD.
text: Mr. Sheppard crouches atop the toilet, rubbing ROSARY BEADS
text: and WHISPERING A PRAYER.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: Say something nice for me too.
text: Winston and Zach step up to the urinals. Brooke takes a
dialog: stall.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: So... You do realize there’s
dialog: hundreds of Kids trapped in here.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, GYMNASIUM — CONTINUOUS
text: The gym is starting to fill with smoke and looks more like a
text: third world refugee camp than a high school prom.
text: Students cower in corners, assiduously avoid one another,
text: peek gut back windows towards the gathering POLICE circus
dialog: outside...
text: Sasha’s corpse lies crumpled on stage. Natasha approaches,
text: the first signs of a SORE appearing around her mouth. She
text: gingerly removes the Tiara from her friends exposed skull.
text: CLOSE ON: The broad, rigor-mortis smile on Sasha’s face.
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: INT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Brooke carefully peeks out of the bathroom; coast is clear.
text: Zach and Winston follow.
text: As they do, the axe flies through the doorway! Winston
text: pushes Zach out of the way and the blow catches Winston in
text: the back of the thigh. His legs SPLITS.
text: Brooke drops her rake and lunges for the axe head. She
text: wrests it away from Doug, but trips over Winston and lands on
text: the blade. A pool of biood slowly forms beneath her fallen
text: form. Doug snatches her rake,
text: Zach and Doug face off. Its garden rake against garden hoe.
speaker_heading: DOUG
dialog: Think you can take me, faggot?
text: They fence, but Zach is a man possessed, He lands every
text: blow, Doug stumbles backwards — surprised and winded,
text: The two stare at one another. Zach stands his ground,
text: ferocity gleaming in his eyes. Doug looks Like he’s about to
text: CHARGE...
text: +++ but FLEES instead, racing back through the hallway
text: towards the rear double doors.
scene_heading: BXT, MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL -— CONTINUOUS
text: Doug staggers outside. He’s exhausted, low on blood. A
text: GUNSHOT rings. Doug looks down, where a bloody hole has
text: opened in his chest. He looks up to finds:
text: Officer Paul, standing with gun still raised - flanked by
text: several other OFFICERS. In the BACKGROUND, white CDC vans
text: stream into the parking lot.
scene_heading: EXT. MT. VERNON HIGH SCHOOL, GYMNASIUM - LATER, SAME NIGHT
text: Teams of CDC AGENTS wearing biohazard suits efficiently
text: evacuate the STUDENTS into waiting school buses.
text: Familiar faces are herded past: Zach, Brooke, Natasha...
text: Winston, A LIMPING Winston is staging a loud protest to no
dialog: one in particular.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: I’m not getting on that bus. No
dialog: way. Officer down.
dialog: (pointing at his badge)
dialog: See this word? DEPUTY? It means
scene_heading: “NOT. GETTING. ON. BUS.”
dialog: 104,
text: In the background, FIREMEN extinguish the remaining flames
text: licking at the school walls, just as:
text: A 1986 Dodge Dart sputters into the parking lot, stopping an
text: appreciable distance away.
scene_heading: INT. DODGE - CONTINUOUS
text: Scott and Eric, dressed in tuxedos replete with matching
dialog: boutonnieres, have finally made it - and missed everything.
speaker_heading: scotT
dialog: What the fuck...?
speaker_heading: ERIC
dialog: See? Told you Prom would suck.
scene_heading: INT. CHRIS’S HUGE PARTY HOUSE, BASEMENT ~ NIGHT
text: CDC AGENTS escort Shams and Wendy - the only two survivors -
text: away from the house. The two seem to have made... a
text: connection. Shams is carrying his amputated hand.
speaker_heading: SHAMS
dialog: Anybody got a cooler and some ice?
scene_heading: INT. BUS - NIGHT
text: Zach and Brooke cradle one another. The wound on her chest
text: hae been bandaged with an enormous swatch of gauze. Winston
text: is seated behind, his stream of belly-aching still unbroken.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: I shouldn’t be here!
text: Zach turns to comfort him.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: It’ll be okay, man.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: It’s been a bad day.
speaker_heading: ZACH
dialog: Yeah. But it’s over now.
text: Winston nods, numbly....
text: +.ethen reaches absentmindedly to scratch a small red SORE
text: behind his ear.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: TAG ENDING:
text: The Truck Driver - the one who stole the kiss from Sasha - is
text: unwinding at a local STRIP CLUB. A young BIKINI BRUNETTE
text: giving him a lap dance runs her fingers through his hair,
text: then pulls away, alarmed,
speaker_heading: STRIPPER
dialog: What the fuck?!
speaker_heading: TRUCK DRIVER
dialog: Song’s not done.
speaker_heading: STRIPPER
dialog: No. But I am! Gross!
text: She looks at her hand. It’s streaked with blood.
speaker_heading: TRUCK DRIVER
dialog: I got lots of dances tonight.
dialog: Yours sucked.
text: He gets up and leaves the booth. We FOLLOW him through the
text: club, PULLING BACK to reveal the crowded space. GIRLS lead
text: customers back and forth from the back room...
text: ees all of them now potentially infected.
dialog: 
