dialog: third draft
speaker_heading: 5/18/79
speaker_heading: CADDYSHACK
dialog: by:
dialog: \ Brian Doyle Murray
dialog: Douglas Kenney
dialog: Harold Ramis
scene_heading: THE JP ORGANIZATION
scene_heading: LINOUNTALLIGE. CGM
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. NOONAN HOUSE - EARLY MORNING
text: It's seven o'clock and the birds are singing in the trees
text: outside an old, two-story frame house with a sagging front
text: porch and peeling white paint, anly half-covered by a partial
dialog: paint job.
speaker_heading: MRS, NOONAN (v.0.)
dialog: (shouting cheerily)
dialog: Let's go kids! Rise and shine! Let's
dialog: hit the deck! Let's go-go-go!
text: A dog begins BARKING.
scene_heading: INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY
text: Doors fly open and a half dozen children start pouring into
text: the hall, racing for the bathroom, and rough~-housing down
dialog: the stairs.
speaker_heading: MRS. NOONAN
text: She stands at the foot of the stairs calling up to the gang
text: of kids. She's a plump, cheerful woman with a helpful,
text: supportive manner. The family COLLIE runs up the stairs
text: still BARKING.
speaker_heading: MRS. NOONAN
dialog: {calling out)
dialog: Up, up, up! Andy? Billy? I'm
dialog: not hearing any movement up there!
dialog: Make sure Danny's up, please, Uppie-
dialog: uppie everybody!
scene_heading: INT, DANNY NOONAN'S BEDROOM - DAWN
text: The first light of day filters through the window revealing
text: an incredibly messy boy's bedroom littered with dirty laundry,
text: books, comics, breken toys and an electric guitar. The walls
text: are covered with KISS posters, framed athletic awards and
text: cheesy trophies on a homemade bookshelf, Little League team
text: pictures and a poster-sized blow-up of John Belushi. A broken
text: model spaceship dangles from a thread from the ceiling fixture.
dialog: 
text: Three brothers share the room. ANDY and BILLY, twelve and
text: thirteen are getting dressed. DANNY NOONAN, age eighteen,
text: sits on the cdge of his bed rubbing his eyes. He's a manly,
text: good-looking, athletic kid with a kind of quick, natural
dialog: intelligence -- the oldest and biggest of the Noonan kids.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTMLLIGE. CG
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: I'm up.
text: He hops out of bed and heads for the bathroom.
speaker_heading: HALLWAY
text: BILLY, ED and KATHLEEN are already lined up at the bathroom
text: door, waiting impatiently in their pajamas.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Who's in there?
speaker_heading: KATHLEEN
dialog: Danny, will you tell Nancy to get
dialog: out of there?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: She's been in there an hour!
text: Danny goes right to the bathroom door, knocks once and barges in,
text: catching twelve year old NANCY in her panties, her mother's
text: rouge and lipstick smeared on her mouth.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Come on, Nance!
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: {screams)
dialog: Danny!
text: She grabs her robe and runs out.
speaker_heading: NANCY
dialog: (off camera)
dialog: Mother! Danny saw me naked!
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: There's not much to see.
text: Danny puts some Crest on his toothbrush and leaves the
dialog: bathroom.
speaker_heading: THE HALLWAY
text: As Danny comes out; Billy, Ed and Kathleen fight to get in
dialog: next.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: I'm next! I called it!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTMLLIGE CGM
speaker_heading: ~ CONTINUED
speaker_heading: KATHLEEN
dialog: (pushing him)
dialog: Oh no you don't!
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Shotgun!
text: Danny heads back to his bedroom and almost trips over a three
text: year old sitting on a potty.
scene_heading: THREE YEAR OLD
dialog: I'm pooping, Danny.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: I'm proud.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - A LITTLE LATER
text: MR. NOONAN, Danny's father, is trying to eat breakfast and
text: read the newspaper while the kids pop in and out of the
dialog: room. He loves his children, but over the years, with each
dialog: new addition to the family, he's come to feel more and more
text: - like a forgotten guest in his own home.
text: Danny comes through the dining room on his way to the kitchen.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Hi, Dad. Can I ---
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (protesting)
dialog: You didn't even hear ---
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN
dialog: Whatever it is -- no!
text: Danny goes through the open door into the kitchen unfazed by
text: his father's churlishness.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: MRS. NOONAN is busy making fried egg sandwiches. A crying
text: four year old clings to her apron while other kids pillage
text: the refrigerator, spill milk and orange juice, and slop
text: cereal into bowls. The dog is barking, the phone is ringing
text: and the radio plays loudly. Danny gets a bowl and spoon from
text: the cupboard.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ‘
scene_heading: LNOUNTMLLIGE. CGN
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MRS. NOONAN
dialog: -- aS soon as you guys get back
dialog: from Little League, maybe we can
dialog: get some painting done on the house.
text: Thirteen year old SAM runs in and grabs a sandwich.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: The Douglases got fake brick. You
dialog: don't have to paint it.
speaker_heading: MRS. NOONAN
dialog: Hooray for the Douglases.
text: A baby in a high chair throws a cup.
speaker_heading: MRS. NOONAN
dialog: Dory! Bad girl!
dialog: (to the crying
dialog: four year old)
dialog: Sally, honey, you don't have to be
dialog: up yet. Go back to bed.
text: Danny grabs the Cheerios and is almost out the door.
scene_heading: ~ . MRS. NOONAN
dialog: Danny? No word from St. Copius yet?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (evasive)
dialog: No, but I'm not so sure about that
dialog: place anymore. I talked to a guy
dialog: who went to college there. It's
text: right in the middle of a cornfield.
dialog: They get eight feet of snow ---
speaker_heading: MRS. NOONAN
dialog: It's a fine college and you know it.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I don't know anything,
text: He escapes to the dining room, and without sitting down, grabs
text: the pitcher of milk off the table and pours some on his ‘Cheerios.
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN
dialog: You get out yesterday?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: _ (spooning lots of
dialog: sugar on his cereal}
dialog: Twice. I caddied for Mr. Webb in
text: the morning and then doubles in the
dialog: afternoon.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUVTALLIGE. CG
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN
dialog: How much is that?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Twelve-sixty plus about three bucks
dialog: in tips.
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN
dialog: Well? Put it in the college fund.
text: Danny sighs, puts down his bowl and goes to a kitchen cupboard,
text: digging into his pocket. Mr. Noonan watches him through the
text: open door. Mrs. Noonan is wiping up spills and feeding the
text: dog at the same time.
speaker_heading: MRS. NOONAN
dialog: Maybe you should call the St. Copius
dialog: scholarship people. They should've
dialog: let you know by now. Sally, honey,
dialog: don't put eggs in your hair.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (pulling bills
dialog: out of his pocket)
dialog: I heard there's only two girls there
dialog: and they're both nuns. This guy had
dialog: to take a cow to the prom and the
dialog: cow had to be in carly.
speaker_heading: MRS. NOONAN
dialog: Well, the Mazenak boy went to
dialog: St. Copious and he had a marvelous
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: {taking a cookie
dialog: jar off the shelf}
dialog: Me's the one who went out with the
dialog: cow.
text: He stuffs the money into the cookie jar trying to hide it
dialog: from his father.
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN
dialog: (from the dining room)
dialog: I saw that! That was about five
dialog: bucks and change.
text: Danny comes back into the dining room eating his cereal.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I had a couple of burgers and some
dialog: Pepsis for lunch.
text: He flees toward the kitchen.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUVTALLIGE. CG
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 2
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN
dialog: How many Pepsis?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (from the kitchen}
dialog: Four or five.
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN
dialog: What are you -- a diabetic!?
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Hit him, Dad! Get the strap!
dialog: Danny's a diatetic!
text: Danny dumps his dirty dishes in the sink.
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN
dialog: (shouts from
dialog: the dining room)
dialog: You're not leaving this house till
dialog: we settle this college thing.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I'm just going upstairs for a
dialog: minute.
text: He dashes out of the kitchen and up the stairs.
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN
dialog: (o.s. to Mrs. Noonan)
dialog: I'm telling you, if he hasn't got
dialog: anything lined up by September,
dialog: I'm going to ask Tom Burdick to
text: put him on at the lumberyard.
scene_heading: INT. DANNY'S ROOM
text: He can hear his parents arguing as he rummages in his closet.
speaker_heading: MRS. NOONAN (0.s.)}
dialog: He's not going to work in the lumber-
dialog: yard!
text: Danny grabs a faded windbreaker and a letter drops out of the
text: pocket. He reads it with a grim expression.
speaker_heading: THE LETTER
dialog: It reads: The St. Copius scholarship foundation regrets to
dialog: inform you that your application for student aid has been
dialog: refused, etc.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUVTALLIGE COG
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN (0.s.)
dialog: Well, he's not going to be a caddy
dialog: all his life, is he?
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He folds up the letter and hides it on a shelf.
speaker_heading: MRS. NOONAN (v.0.)
dialog: Danny? Devilled ham or tuna? JI can't
dialog: open both.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: {shouts}
dialog: How about neither?
text: With the argument continuing downstairs, he goes to the
text: window and jumps out. For a moment we think he's committed
dialog: suicide.
scene_heading: EXT. DANNY'S WINDOW
text: He swings nimbly to a downspout, hops to a tree branch,
text: climbs through a weathered treehouse and slides down a
text: rope to the ground. Then he jumps on a Sears ten speed
text: bike and pedals away.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET
text: Danny rides down a street lined with houses like his own.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER STREET
text: The houses are bigger, the lawns wider and greener, as
text: Danny crosses over into a more exclusive section of the
dialog: suburbs.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER STREET
text: Now Danny is riding past large mansions on rambling estates.
scene_heading: EXT. BUSHWOOD COUNTRY CLUB
text: Danny turns down a private driveway flanked by two stone
text: columns. On one column is a brass plaque that reads:
scene_heading: Bushwood Country Club. END CREDITS.
scene_heading: LINOUVTALLIGE COG
scene_heading: EXT. THE GOLF COURSE - A LITTLE LATER
text: Early morning mist rises from the golf course and shafts of
text: sunlight slant through the trees as we look at two figures
text: standing on the tee five hundred yards away. One of the
text: figures swings, a click is heard and ball sails into the
text: air. It hangs for a long moment and drops right in the
text: middle of the fairway, two hundred yards from the green.
text: The golfer hands his club to his caddy and starts walking
text: toward the ball.
text: As they approach, we begin to see them more clearly. It is
text: Danny, caddying for TY WEBB, a handsome, thirty-ish bachelor
text: with clear eyes and an air of relaxed self control. His
text: outfit is all soft flannel and cashmere. Everything about
dialog: him tells us that he is the perfect golfer.
speaker_heading: TY AND DANNY
text: They walk along in quiet conversation. Danny tries hard to
text: match Ty's easy, elegant stride.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Mr. Webb, can I ask you something?
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: When you were eighteen, do you
dialog: remember having trouble deciding
dialog: what you wanted to do with your...
dialog: uh, you know...life?
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Sure. I didn't know whether to go
dialog: to West Point, sail my father's
dialog: ship to the islands or just take
dialog: a year off skiing in the Alps. why?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Forget it. I don't think you'd
dialog: understand.
dialog: Ty
dialog: Come on. I know what you mean. I
dialog: had the same problem at eighteen, at
dialog: twenty-one, twenty-five, twenty-nine
dialog: and thirty-two ~~ and yesterday. I
dialog: almost blew my brains out with a
dialog: silver-plated Beretta. So what's
dialog: your problem?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTMLLIGE CGM
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What isn't my problem? Did you
dialog: have to take the Cooter Preference
dialog: test when you were a senior in
dialog: high school?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Yes. It said I should be a
dialog: firewatcher. What are you
dialog: supposed to be?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: An underachiever.
dialog: {shakes his head)
dialog: I gotta go to college. I gotta!
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Do you want to go to college?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: In Nebraska? Besides, it costs
dialog: like eight thousand dollars a
dialog: year. My Dad can't afford it.
dialog: And I haven't even told him about
dialog: the scholarship I didn't get.
dialog: I'll probably have to work in
text: a lumberyard for the rest of
dialog: my life.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: What's wrong with lumber. I own
text: two lumberyards.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I notice you don't spend too much
dialog: time there.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: I don't know where they are.
text: They reach Ty's ball.
speaker_heading: THE LAKE
dialog: Ty's ball
text: rests near the edge of a beautiful lake that cuts
text: across the fairway. On the opposite shore is a lovely
text: green flanked by sandtraps.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Okay, Danny. TI think you've
dialog: suffered enough. First lesson.
dialog: Did you sce Star Wars?
dialog: (he takes a silk
dialog: scarf out of
dialog: his golf bag)
scene_heading: LINOUNTALLIGE. CGh Anum
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yeah --~
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: All right. I'll be Alec Guiness
dialog: and you be the wimpy kid from the
dialog: Space farm.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: (blindfolding
dialog: himself)
dialog: There's a force in the universe
dialog: that makes things happen. Al1
dialog: you have to do is get in touch
dialog: with it.
text: He fumbles with the clubs in his bag, feeling for a seven
text: iron. Finally he lifts the blindfold a little and takes
text: the right club. Then he goes to his ball and takes a
text: blindfolded practice swing.
speaker_heading: . TY
dialog: Find your center -~- stop thinking
dialog: -- let it happen -- ‘Be the ball' --
dialog: (he swings and
dialog: hits the ball)
speaker_heading: THE BALL
text: It sails over the lake, hits high on the green and rolls back
text: down to within inches of the hole.
speaker_heading: DANNY AND TY
text: Danny stands there amazed. Ty starts blindfolding him.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Hit one. Try it.
text: Danny peeks to line up the shot, then lowers the blindfold
text: and gets ready to hit.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LNOUNTMLLIGE. CGN
dialog: ir
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: (droning
dialog: hypnotically)
dialog: Just relax -- be the ball -- find
dialog: your center -- turn off all the
dialog: sound -- picture the shot -- be
dialog: completely still: --~
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: It's a little hard with you talking
dialog: like that.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Oh! All right -- I'1l shut up --
dialog: I'm shutting up now -- I've stepped
dialog: talking.
text: Danny swings and hits the ball. Ty watches it rise and
text: drop into the lake.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: {taking off
dialog: the blindfold}
dialog: Where'd it go?
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Right in the lumberyard. We'll
dialog: work on it -- honestly. Just
dialog: figure out what you really want.
dialog: Once you know, everything else
dialog: takes care of itself.
text: They walk off together. A mechanical roar is heard.
scene_heading: A KUGE TRACTOR MOWER
text: A huge grasscutter appears suddenly over a rise, it's big
text: plaid blower bags ballooning out from its sides. The
text: GROUNDSKEEPER waves casually to Ty and Danny from his
text: tractor seat as he rumbles past them.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: EXT. THE STREET
text: A public transit bus stops across the street from the: main
text: entrance to the club. The route sign on the front of ‘the
text: bus reads: FROM THE ClTY. The bus pulls away revealing a
text: half dozen teenage CADDIES arriving for work. They cross
text: the street, rollicking and punching at each other. A few
text: Black and Latin Maids and Kitchen Helpers arrive with them.
dialog: 
scene_heading: LINOUVTALLIGE. CG
dialog: 12
scene_heading: EXT. THE PARKING LOT
text: The caddies come up the driveway. Leading the group is
text: TONY D'ANNUNZIO, nineteen, a tough-looking, inner-city
text: kid with disco haircut and a cigarette dangling negligently
text: from his lips. With him are his brothers -~ ANGIE, a
text: mild-mannered, dopily smiling seventeen year old and
text: JOEY, fourteen, Bushwood's newest caddy, tough like Tony,
dialog: but cuter.
speaker_heading: TONY
text: He accosts one of the maids.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey, Maria! The Immigration guy
dialog: was lookin’ for you yesterday.
dialog: You know, there's a law if you
dialog: screw an Italian, you're an
dialog: automatic citizen.
text: She laughs uncomprehendingly and continues talking in
dialog: Spanish to her friends,
text: Two other caddies have arrived with the D'’Annunzio’s --
text: GOOFY, a gawky, bespectacled sixteen year old and
text: MOTORMOUTH, a fast-talking, eighteen year old class clown.
text: As they cut across the parking lot, they check out the cars
dialog: of the club members.
speaker_heading: MOTORMOUTH
dialog: {like an announcer)
dialog: We're here at the Thirteenth Annual
dialog: Bushwood Auto Show and what a
dialog: collection of four-wheel fantasies
dialog: we have here, right Goofy?
dialog: (raps a stationwagon)
dialog: ~- Here's a newcomer to this morning's
dialog: show, Mr. and Mrs. Newburger's 1981
dialog: Ford Country Square.
speaker_heading: GOOFY
text: Breathtakingly beautiful.
speaker_heading: MOTORMOUTH
text: An absolute hog.
speaker_heading: A PORSCHE
text: A black Porsche Turbo Carrera with prominent "MD" markings
text: races up the access road toward the parking lot. The driver
text: has to slam on his brakes to avoid hitting the D'Annunzio's
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTMLLIGE CGM
dialog: 
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: CONTINUED,
text: who are deliberately slow getting out of the way. The
text: horn honks frantically. The caddies slowly clear the
text: road as the driver guns his motor. The moment they're
text: clear, he lurches forward to pass them.
speaker_heading: JOEY
text: He does a flip off the car as if he's been hit and lands
text: sprawled on the grass.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: {rolling around
dialog: in mock agony)
dialog: Yaaaaaaaaaah!
speaker_heading: THE PORSCHE
text: It screeches to a halt. The tinted window WHIRS down
text: revealing DR. BLAINE BEEPER, a rich, conceited big-city
text: surgeon. He looks back, shocked.
speaker_heading: DR. BEEPER
dialog: Oh my God!
speaker_heading: JOEY
text: He's on the grass twitching and flopping, the other
text: caddies standing around in horror.
speaker_heading: THE PORSCHE
text: Beeper grabs his black doctor's bag and leaps from the car.
text: He stops.
speaker_heading: THE DRIVEWAY
text: Both Joey and the caddies have disappeared.
speaker_heading: BEEPER
text: He slams his doctor's bag against a tree trunk in a rage and
text: then looks at it realizing what he's done. He gives the bag
text: a tentative shake and hears a $6,000 tinkle of broken glass
dialog: and instruments.
scene_heading: [LINOUNTMLLIGE CGM
dialog: 14
scene_heading: EXT. CADDYSHACK
text: Several caddies are lounging in the yard in front of the
text: caddyshack -- a one-story white frame building with green
text: tile roof and green shutters. Joey DB'Annunzio practices
text: hook shots against a backboard attached to the wall.
speaker_heading: GOOFY
text: He's sitting on a bench with RAY, an old, professional caddy
text: wearing a dirty golf cap with an emblem from the 1946 Buick
text: Open. His suntanned arms are covered with tatoos. Goffy
text: dunks doughnuts into his coffee as Ray talks.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: I jumped ship in Hong Kong and
dialog: Inade my way to Tibet where I got
dialog: on as a looper at this golf club
text: up there in the Himalayan Mountains.
speaker_heading: GOOFY
dialog: A looper?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: A caddie -- a jock! So I tell
dialog: ‘em I'm a pro, so who do they give
dialog: me? The Dalai Lama himself ~-
dialog: flowin' white robes and everything.
dialog: So I give him his driver and he tees
dialog: off -- right into this glacier and
dialog: his ball goes down this 10,000 foot
dialog: crevice. And you know what the
dialog: Dalai Lama says?
speaker_heading: GOOFY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: ‘shit.’ Yeah -- 'Shit!' And you
dialog: know what else. I'm full of shit.
dialog: Yeah. ~~
text: Goofy stares at him with his mouth full of doughnut.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He crosses the caddyyard. From the way the caddies greet
dialog: him, we can see that he's both liked and respected. A
text: basketball rolls up to him.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Hey, Noonan! Little help!
text: Danny picks up the ball, closes his eyes and takes a hook
text: shot at the basket.
scene_heading: [LINOUNTMLLIGE CGM
dialog: 
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: THE BASKET
text: The ball sails high over the backboard and onto the roof
dialog: of the caddyshack.
speaker_heading: JOEY
text: He glares at Danny.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Thanks a lot, wipehole!
text: Danny goes into the caddyshack.
scene_heading: INT. CADDYSHACK
text: More caddies are lounging on benches, playing cards, etc.
text: Danny enters and goes to the window of the caddymaster's
text: office. Tony D'’Annunzio is in the office.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (holding up
dialog: a ticket)
dialog: Hiya, Tony. Where's Lou?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: He went to the Pro Shop for a
dialog: minute, You wanna take over till
dialog: he gets back?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Where you goin'?
text: Angie, Tony's rat-like brother, appears.
speaker_heading: ANGIE
dialog: Noonan, you wanna buy some clock
dialog: radios?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Nah ---
speaker_heading: ANGIE
dialog: Got any friends who want clock
dialog: radios? .
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: How many you got?
speaker_heading: ANGIE
dialog: How many you need?
text: Angie walks away laughing.
scene_heading: LNOUNTMLLIGE. CGN
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: A BENCH
text: INJUN JOE, a big silent Indian of indeterminate age is playing
text: a game with FEEB, a twitching adult caddy with just a hint of
text: mental deficiency. They take turns bowling at wooden tees with
text: a golf ball, betting on each roll.
speaker_heading: FEEB
dialog: (to Injun Joe)
dialog: Do you have a dime for ten pennies?
speaker_heading: ANGIE
dialog: {making fun of him)
dialog: Hey, Feeb! What do you want a dime
dialog: for when you got ten pennies? Ten
dialog: is more than one.
speaker_heading: FEEB
dialog: Pennies only work in the gumball
dialog: machine. I want M & M's.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: (joining Angie)
dialog: Here, Feeb. I'11 give it to you.
text: Feeb holds out the pennies to Joey who slaps his hand,
text: scattering them all over the caddyshack.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He turns to look and sees the little D'Annunzio's bothering
dialog: Feeb.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: {to Tony)
dialog: Your brothers are animals.
dialog: (shouts at them)
dialog: cut it out, moron!
speaker_heading: FEEB
text: He's on his knees looking for his pennies.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: Here, Feeb. Here’s a dime.
speaker_heading: FEEB
dialog: Thank you, Injun Joe.
text: He gets off his knees, but Angie snatches his cap and tosses
dialog: it to Joey.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LNOUNTMLLIGE. CGN
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: FEEB
dialog: (calls plaintively)
dialog: Dan -- ny -- They got my hat again.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (steps in)
dialog: Give it back to him, Joey.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Here.
dialog: (he tosses it
dialog: back to his brother}
dialog: Angie!
text: Danny turns to Angie.
speaker_heading: ANGIE
dialog: You want it, Noonan? Take it.
text: Danny grabs for him but Joey jumps on his back and they go down,
text: knocking over a gumball machine which breaks and sends gumballs
text: rolling all over the place. Then Angie jumps on Danny to help
text: Joey, but Tony arrives and yanks Angie to his feet, cuffing him
text: sharply a couple of times. Danny gets a good grip on Little
text: Joey's neck and pastes him to the wall.
text: Younger caddies scurry around after the pennies and gumballs.
text: Injun Joe laughs.
speaker_heading: THE DOOR
text: LOU LOOMIS, the Caddymaster, enters. He's a likable master
text: sergeant type with a veneer of toughness to keep the caddies
dialog: in line.
dialog: Lou
dialog: (over the noise)
dialog: Okay, break it up! Pipe down!
dialog: All of you!
text: Angie takes on last wild swing at Danny but accidentally hits
text: Lou on the arm. The caddies go suddenly quiet. Lou grabs Angie
text: and pushes him over to a sign on the wall.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: What™s the sign say?
speaker_heading: ANGIE
dialog: No fighting.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: What's it mean?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LNOUNTMLLIGE. CGN
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: ANGIE
dialog: No fighting.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: You owe me one gumball machine.
dialog: Now clean up that mess,
dialog: (Angie starts
dialog: to protest)
dialog: Now!
dialog: {turning to
dialog: Danny and Tony)
dialog: What is this? I count on you guys
dialog: to keep these monkeys in line.
dialog: (squinting
dialog: at Joey)
dialog: What's that candy wrapper doing
dialog: there?
dialog: (Joey looks down)
dialog: Don't you see it? Well, pick it up!
text: Joey picks it up. Lou addresses all the caddies.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: {turning to
dialog: cowed caddics)
dialog: Now, I'm not going to have any
dialog: trouble from you guys this summer-.
dialog: I'll put it right on the line --
dialog: there's been a lot of complaints
dialog: already -- fooling around on the
dialog: course. Bad language. Smoking
text: grass. Poor caddying.
dialog: (the caddies
dialog: hang their heads
dialog: in mock shame)
dialog: So if you want to get fired, just
dialog: keep it up.
text: Somebody belches. Lou turns to Jocy, hands him a kleenex
dialog: for his blecdy nose.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: And another thing. If any of you
dialog: are thinking of going to college--
dialog: Noonan, you may want to listen to
dialog: this -- Carl Lipbaum died last
dialog: week in summer school from a severe
dialog: anxiety attack.
text: The caddies mutter in surprise and sympathy.
speaker_heading: GOOFY
dialog: I heard he swallowed his vomit
dialog: during a test.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUNTALLIGE. CGh
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 2
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: However it happened, he was a good
dialog: eaddy and a good kid.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: He was a brown nose, Lou. You
dialog: hated him.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Anyway, that means the caddy scholar-
dialog: ship is available -- and anyone who
dialog: wants it should go see Judge Smails.
speaker_heading: MOTORMOUTH
dialog: And kiss his ass.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: That would help. Now let's go.
dialog: We got golfers waiting.
text: The caddies start to file out the door.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: You, Joey! Pick up that blcod.
scene_heading: INT, MEN'S LOCKER ROOM
text: A cloud of steam billows from the steam room as the door
text: opens. Several portly members can be seen through the mist.
text: They lock like ancient Roman senators wrapped in their sheets
text: and towels. Several other members stand or sit around the
text: locker room, playing cards or changing in and out of golf
dialog: and tennis togs.
speaker_heading: JUBGE SMALLS
text: A rich old fart and presiding head of Bushwood holds out a
text: pair of golf shoes to SMOKE, the black locker room attendant.
speaker_heading: SMALLS
dialog: (irritably)
dialog: Oh, Westinghouse! Look at the
dialog: built-up wax on these shoes. This
dialog: is quality leather. I want the
dialog: wax stripped, and I want them
text: creamed and buffed with a soft
dialog: chamois, and I want them now.
dialog: Chopchop. —
speaker_heading: SMOKE
dialog: Yes, your Honor.
text: Smoke applies one shoe to an electric buffer.
scene_heading: [LINOUNTMLLIGE CGM
dialog: 20
speaker_heading: DR. BEEPER
speaker_heading: BEEPER
dialog: (on the phone)
dialog: We're just about to tee off now
dialog: so move all my appointments back
dialog: a half hour. Testing now:
text: (he unhooks an
dialog: electronic beeper
dialog: from his belt)
dialog: Three, two, one, test.
dialog: (his beeper goes off)
dialog: Check.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
text: He's now in the middle of a joke.
speaker_heading: SMATLS
dialog: (bad Jewish accent)
dialog: »..and then we eat and eat, and
dialog: screw and screw until we drop
dialog: from exhaustion. lUvery day!
text: A fat OLD CRONY begins to giggle.
speaker_heading: SMATLS
dialog: {continuing}
dialog: »+-and Solly says, ‘Moe! Moc!
dialog: Heaven sounds wonderful! and
dialog: the other Jewish fellow says ---
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TY WEBB
text: He's sitting behind another row of lockers listening to the
text: joke as he ties his shoes,
speaker_heading: SMAILS {v.0.)
dialog: Heaven? What do you mean heaven?
speaker_heading: JUDGE SMAILS
text: He rises to the punchline, but Ty beats him to it.
speaker_heading: TY (v.o.)
dialog: (shouts, interrupting)
dialog: -+-I'm a bull in Montana!
text: Smails winces and looks sharply at Ty, who appears from
text: the lockers.
scene_heading: [LINOUNTMLLIGE CGM
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: AN OLD CRONY
text: His pudgy
speaker_heading: The CRONY
text: pink face jiggles as he laughs.
speaker_heading: OLD CRONY
dialog: You have to hang it to the Jews --
dialog: they know how funny they are.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER MEMBER
dialog: You're not suggesting we change
dialog: our membership policy.
text: puts on a Bishop's collar and closes his locker.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Oh, no. They have many fine clubs
dialog: of their own.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: (icily)
dialog: Oh, hello Webb. What'd you shoot
dialog: today?
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: I don't keep score, your Honor.
text: Ty heads for the exit and stops, blocked by Beeper's
text: stretched-out phone cord.
speaker_heading: TY
text: Beep-beep.
text: Beeper jumps and Ty exits.
speaker_heading: SMOKE
speaker_heading: SMATLS
dialog: (shakes head
dialog: contemptucusly)
dialog: That fellow's got a real chip on
text: his shoulder too bad for his father.
dialog: (changing mood)
dialog: Say, Bishop, did you hear the one
dialog: about the little colored boy who ---
text: He frowns and presses the Judge's golf shoe against the
text: buffing wheel until the shoe begins to smoke and sparks
dialog: shoot out.
text: Then he looks at the shoc and smiles at the
text: big burned patch on the toe.
scene_heading: EXT. THE GOLF COURSE
text: The caddies troop up. the path to the first tee area.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE. CG
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MOTORMOUTH (v.o0.)
dialog: Well, it’s a lovely day for looping
dialog: here at the beautiful Bushwood
dialog: Country Club.
speaker_heading: MOTORMOUTH
text: He holds a candy bar like a hand mike. Goofy and Danny
dialog: walk alongside.
speaker_heading: MOTORMOUTH
dialog: We've got about twenty-five loopers
dialog: all primed and ready to be assigned
dialog: their prospective loops by Looper
dialog: Leader Lou Loomis. And gee, they're
text: an excited bunch of caddies -- all
dialog: pumped up to hump those fifty pound
dialog: bags about five miles. Right, Danny?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: That's right, Mouth. It's a grueling
dialog: test of strength and ignorance.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PRACTICE TEE
text: Danny approaches the practice tee and sees SAM RIVIERA, the
text: club's golf pro, finishing a lesson with MR. & MRS. HAVERCAMP.
text: Sam is about forty, deeply tanned and dressed in pastel golf
text: sweater and slacks. The Havercamps are a cheerfully senile
text: old couple, dressed in matching outfits, who keep gamely
text: trying to hit their practice shots. They succeed only in
text: gouging deep holes around their golf balls as they repeatedly
dialog: swing and miss.
speaker_heading: SAM
text: He watches with weary patience as the Havercamps ineptly flail
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Okay, Mr. Havercamp, try looking .
text: at the ball this time. Mrs. Havercamp,
dialog: you've got your clubface turned around
dialog: again.
text: The old man swings and gouges a huge divot.
scene_heading: MRS. HAVERCAMP
dialog: (she giggles, swings
dialog: and hits a short
dialog: dribbler)
dialog: Whee!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTMLLIGE CGM
dialog: 23
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Danny picks up their matching baby-blue golf bags and approaches
dialog: the Havercamps.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Morning, Mr. Havercamp, Mrs. Havercamp.
dialog: I'm Danny. You're next up.
speaker_heading: MR. HAVERCAMP
dialog: Let's go, Dolly. I'm hot today.
speaker_heading: THE FIRST TEE
text: MRS. HAVERCAMP is about to drive.
scene_heading: MRS. HAVERCAMP
dialog: (winding up)
dialog: Ready for blast-off! Whee!
text: She tops the ball and it rolls thirty feet down the fairway.
speaker_heading: MR. HAVERCAMP
dialog: (applauding)
dialog: That was a peach, hon!
speaker_heading: SAM RIVIERA
text: He stands next to Danny watching Mr. Havercamp.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (shouting
dialog: encouragement)
dialog: Excellent!
dialog: (to Danny)
dialog: Good luck, Noonan. This could
dialog: be the longest eighteen holes
dialog: ever played.
scene_heading: THE SNACK SHOP
text: Several tables are filled with members having sandwiches
dialog: and beer.
speaker_heading: THE COUNTER
text: MAGGIE, a very cute, rosy~checked Irish girl in her early
text: twenties. When her last customer exits, she turns to the
text: frozen custard machine, takes the bigger size sugar cone
text: and dispenses for hersclf an incredibly tall, very precarious
text: Softee Freeze. She takes a happy lick and spots Danny coming
dialog: off the ninth,
scene_heading: LNOUNTMLLIGE. CGN
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He trudges up to the Snack Shop completely exhausted, his
text: shirt soaked with sweat. Maggie smiles and signals covertly
text: to him. Danny slips around to the back of the Snack Shop.
speaker_heading: THE BACK DOOR
text: Maggie comes out and gives him a free burger and a shake.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Hi, Maggic.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Hi. Don't let the Judge see you.
dialog: (Danny tries to
dialog: steal a kiss but
dialog: she ducks it)
dialog: Not here.
dialog: (she hands him
dialog: a pair of boys
dialog: underpants)
dialog: You left these last night when you
dialog: ran off.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (embraces her)
dialog: I had to babysit. You want to go
dialog: out again tonight?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Out to my room? Look, Danny, I
dialog: like you a lot, but let's not make
dialog: a regular thing out of it. We've
dialog: got a good friendship going and
dialog: I'd like to keep it that way.
dialog: Besides, I got some bad news today.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (nibbles her ear}
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: {hugs him tightly)
dialog: They won't renew my work permit.
dialog: I have to go back to Ireland at
dialog: the end of the summer.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: Gee, that's a drag, Mag.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUNTALLIGE. CGh
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I really want to stay.
dialog: (hinting cheerfully)
dialog: If I were married to an American,
dialog: I could.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: {laughs)
dialog: No problem. You could live in
dialog: my roam ~- under the bed.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Aren't you going to college?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Doesn't look like it -- unless
dialog: I get the caddy scholarship.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: You'll get it.
dialog: {teasing}
dialog: And we'll get married -~ just for
dialog: show, of course -- and I'll be a
dialog: stewardess for Aer Lingus and be
dialog: flyin' all over the place. Now
dialog: doesn't that sound like something?
speaker_heading: TONY
text: He comes around the corner of the Snack Shop.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Aer Lingus? I know her sister --
dialog: Connie.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You've got a smart mouth.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: That's what Connie told me.
text: Danny sees Mr. Havercamp looking around for him.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: {rushing off)
dialog: I gotta go!
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: {calls out)
dialog: Come by later!
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey, Maggie. The Immigration guy
dialog: was lookin' for you yesterday ---
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE. CG
dialog: 26
speaker_heading: THE FAIRWAY
text: SANDY MacFIDDISH, Bushwood's Scottish greenskecpcr, is
text: standing by his electric utility cart with his tartan tam
text: in his hands, taking orders from Judge Smails.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: (irate)
dialog: Do you know what moles can do to
dialog: a golf course?
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: They must be tunnclin’ in from
dialog: that construction site across
dialog: the road.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: I don't care where they're coming
dialog: from. JI want every last mole
dialog: extermianted or Bushwood will
dialog: start looking for a new greens-
dialog: keeper. Is that clear?
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: Very clear, sir.
speaker_heading: A MOLE
text: It pops its head out of a hole and cocks its head. Then it
text: hears a noise and ducks back in.
speaker_heading: SANDY
text: He drags a thick water hose onto the fairway and sticks the
text: nozzle into the mole hole.
scene_heading: EIGHTEENTH GREEN
text: Danny comes off the course really exhausted now, followed
text: by the Havercamps, indomitable despite having played the
dialog: worst round of golf imaginable.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (handing them
dialog: their scorecards)
dialog: I get 188 for you, sir, and 202
dialog: for your wife.
speaker_heading: MR TAVERCAMP
dialog: Hold on a minute, son. I get 186
dialog: for me. Well, let's not make a ~
dialog: federal case out of it. This is
dialog: for you -- and thanks.
dialog: (hands him a tip)
scene_heading: LINOUNTALLIGE. CGh
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: DANNY'S HAND
text: holding two shiny quarters.
speaker_heading: DANNY (v.0.)
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: Thank you, sir.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He trots wearily across a fairway lugging both golf bags.
text: He trips over Sandy's water hose and falls flat on his face.
text: The clubs spill out of the bags with a noisy clatter and
text: two dozen golf balls go rolling off in all directions.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (totally exasperated)
dialog: God damn son of a bitch!
text: His anger is cut short as he spots someone walking toward him.
speaker_heading: LACEY
text: Danny sees LACEY UNDERALL, a very beautiful girl, walking
text: toward him in a short, very alluring tennis skirt. She
text: has slim, shapely legs, long, golden hair, a great tan and
text: a cover-girl complexion. She's carrying a tennis racquet
text: and with one smooth move, she benés slightly and scoops
text: up one of the golf balls that rolled away from Danny.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: {tossing the
dialog: golf ball to Danny)
dialog: Walk much?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (stuffing the clubs
dialog: back into the bags)
dialog: Oh, no. I just -- I was just
dialog: resting.
text: She smiles and walks away with a toss of her curls. Her
text: walk is both sexy and athletic. She absently brushes a
text: fly off the back of her thigh with her racquet.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He gapes at her and suddenly water comes shooting up out of
text: a dozen moleholes, falling like rain on Danny.
scene_heading: LNOUNTMLLIGE. CGN
dialog: 
dialog: 28
speaker_heading: THE HAVERCAMPS
text: fhey stand looking up at the sky, getting completely drenched.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TENNIS COURTS
text: The tennis courts are hidden behind dense bushes but the
text: pock~pock of balls being hit can be heard as Danny saunters
text: by. He nods casually to a pair of golfers as they pass,
text: then as soon as they're gone, Danny ducks into the bushes.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: We can hear the sound of youthful laughter as Danny peers
text: through the hurricane fence at the tennis courts.
scene_heading: THE TENNIS COURTS
text: Lacey is playing with three young club MEMBERS. Her partner
text: is SPAULDING SMAILS, a pudgy, truculent-looking seventeen year
text: old -- Judge Smails' spoiled grandson.
text: Lacey hits a nice backhand, then waits for there turn, but
text: Spaulding insists on taking the next shot.
speaker_heading: SPAULDING
dialog: I got it! It's mine!
text: Lacey backs off relucantly and watches Spaulding hit a
text: lame forehand right into the net.
speaker_heading: SPAULDING
dialog: Shit!
dialog: (blaming Lacey)
dialog: Will you stay out of my way!
text: He flings his racquet in disgust.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: Christ, Spaulding! I hope you
dialog: screw better than you play tennis.
speaker_heading: THETR OPPONENTS
text: NOBLE NOYES, a tomboyish girl with fuzzy red hair walks up
text: to the net.
speaker_heading: NOBLE
dialog: Hey, Lacey, are you coming to the
dialog: dinner dance tonight?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUVTALLIGE COG
dialog: 29
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: Will it be any good?
speaker_heading: NOBLE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: (walking back
dialog: to the base
dialog: line to serve)
dialog: You talked me into it.
speaker_heading: THE BUSHES
text: The TENNIS PRO, a middle-aged, red-faced man wearing whites
text: and a floppy tennis hat, walks by and sees Danny's ass
text: sticking out of the bushes. Ue puts down the basket of
text: practice balls he's carrying, winds up to swing with his
text: racquet, and swats Danny hard on the backside.
scene_heading: INT’. CLUB KITCHEN
text: Danny comes flying through the door into a maelstrom of
text: activity. It's all banging pots, and sizzling stoves with
text: food and people flying everywhere. He's in a white jacket,
text: carrying a big tray of dirty dishes.
speaker_heading: THE COOK
text: CHARLIE, the Hungarian cook is screaming at everyone as he
text: carves a big roast with a huge butcher knife.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (pounding the knife)
dialog: This! This!
dialog: (chops a
dialog: sponge in half)
dialog: That! That!
text: (waves his arms
dialog: and the knife goes
text: flying out of his hand)
speaker_heading: A BUSBOY
text: The huge knife sticks in the wall just in front of his face.
text: He drops two racks full of glasses.
scene_heading: LNOUNTMLLIGE. CGN
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
text: She snags Danny and pulls him through the swinging doors.
scene_heading: CLUB DINING ROOM
text: Danny and Maggie bustle over to a service area and start
text: loading trays with ice water, rolls and butter. Danny
text: locks around the room and spots Lacey.
speaker_heading: LACEY UNDERALL
text: She's sitting at a table with Judge Smails, his wife
text: MRS. SMAILS, a Wagnerian dowager, Spaulding Smails, the
text: Judge's loathsome grandson, Dr. Beeper and his wife, CONNIE
text: BEEPER who is obviously much too charming and attractive
text: to be married to a creep like Dr. Beeper.
text: Lacey looks great in an off-the-shoulder white cotton dress.
text: Judge Smails is handling the introductions when Danny and
text: Maggie arrive with the bread and butter.
speaker_heading: JUDGE SMAILS
dialog: {clasping Lacey's
dialog: luscious shoulder}
dialog: Lacey Underali, certainly you
dialog: remember Dr. and Constance Beeper
dialog: from Hope Sound last winter. Lacey's
dialog: mother has sent us her daughter for
dialog: the summer. I think she's being
text: saved for a real debutante ball.
speaker_heading: DR. BEEPER
dialog: {lecring obnoxiously)
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: CONNIE BEEPER
dialog: We did meet. You wore that wonderful
text: g-string bathing suit at the béach.
dialog: The doctor here almost had a heart
dialog: attack.
speaker_heading: DR. BEEPER
dialog: That's not funny, Connie.
speaker_heading: CONNIE BEEPER
dialog: What brings you to. this backwater
dialog: anyway?
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: Uh -- Daddy wanted to broaden me.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LNOUNTMLLIGE. CGN
dialog: 31
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONNIE BEEPER
dialog: Here? Good luck, doll.
speaker_heading: MRS. SMAILS
dialog: I think our community has a lot to
dialog: offer, Connie -- really.
text: Danny has worked his way around to Lacey and is loading up
text: her plate with butter -- about a pound of it.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: (noticing)
dialog: I think I have enough butter now.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Oh, sorry.
dialog: (backs off)
dialog: If you need anything ---
text: Maggic drags him away.
scene_heading: THE BUSSING STATION
text: Danny and Maggie arrange bowls of salad on their trays.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (burned)
dialog: Is that why you showed up tonight?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Lacey Underall. She's the biggest
dialog: whore in Philadelphia...It's all over
dialog: the club.
text: Panny looks at Lacey with even greater interest. The NOISE
text: of a glass breaking startles him.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER TABLE
text: In contrast to the Smails' table, these guests are having a
text: rollicking good time. It's the FUN COUPLES: SCOTT, GATSBY
text: and their foxy, tipsy wives, SUKI and WALLY. They are hosting
text: a new face at Bushwood, AL CZERNAK, a stocky, balding, cement
text: block in a flaming leisure suit. His voice is loud, his
text: Manner is deliberately offensive and he seems to really enjoy
text: the company of these rich, young marrieds.
text: Danny arrives to clean up the broken glass.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUNTALLIGE. CG
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: AL CZERNAK
dialog: «..So when Mona died suddenly last
dialog: winter, I said to myself, 'Al, if
dialog: you keep bustin' your hump sixteen,
dialog: twenty hours a day, you're gonna
dialog: wind up with a sixty million buck
dialog: funeral for yourself.'
text: He farts loudly; Danny can't believe it.
speaker_heading: AL CZERNAK
dialog: Sorry -~ somebody step on a duck?
text: The Fun Couples laugh.
speaker_heading: AL CZERNAK
dialog: So I --
dialog: (catches Maggie's
text: eye, grabbing her
dialog: skirt)
dialog: Hey, doll, could you scare up another
dialog: round for our table -- and tell the
dialog: cook this is low-grade dog food,
dialog: okay? And happy birthday.
text: He slips a twenty into Maggie's hand.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: Oh! Thank you.
dialog: (exits)
speaker_heading: AL CZERNAK
dialog: (to Pun Couples)
dialog: Gad, I've had better food at the
dialog: ballgame.
text: The Fun Couples break up again. Danny stares at Al, enjoying
text: his outrageous antics.
speaker_heading: AL CZERNAK
dialog: Anyway, sO now I just keep to real
dialog: estate -~ I mean with the market
dialog: these days, if you own anything
dialog: but dirt, you own a popcorn fart.
dialog: {notices Danny
text: laughing behind
dialog: him, slips him $5)
dialog: Hey, junior, ask our waitress if she
dialog: wants to get married.
scene_heading: [LINOUNTMLLIGE CGM
dialog: 33
speaker_heading: SMAILS' TABLE
text: The stiffs all stare at Czernak. Only Connie is amused.
text: Lacey is just bored.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
text: Al notices Judge Smails staring coldly at him from the
dialog: next table.
speaker_heading: AL CZFRNKA
dialog: Ney, who's the mummy?
dialog: (waves)
dialog: Hiya.
text: He pretends to blow his nose in his loud tie; Smails' jaw drops.
scene_heading: THE HUNGARIAN COOK (CHARLIE) - KITCHEN
text: He screams, wide-eyed, into the camera.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Dog food?!!
text: He grabs his cleaver and heads for the door. Two assistants
text: tackle the enraged alien, knocking over a tower of freshly-
text: washed pots, causing a tremendous din.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK'S TABLE
text: Al Czernak's table bursts into loud applause at the crash
text: and continued commotion behind the kitchen door.
speaker_heading: LACEY
text: Danny bobbles a dish of ice cream at the sound of the
text: tremendous crash in the kitchen and spills a few drops
text: of hot fudge on Lacey's shoulder.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: Ow! That's hot!
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP - LACEY'S SHOULDER
text: A couple of drops of hot chocolate sauce run down Lacey's
text: bare shoulder.
scene_heading: [LINOUNTMLLIGE CGM
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He stares, open-mouthed, reaches into his pocket, pulls out
text: the underpants Maggie gave him earlicr, and starts wiping
text: Lacey's shoulder with them.
speaker_heading: LACEY
text: She stares at the underpants, then at Danny. Danny beats
text: it. A band starts playing in the next room.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB BALLROOM
text: Members and guests drift into the wood-panelled lounge and
text: ballroom area. A very boring, six~piece COMBO is playing
text: a bad Beatle tune at half-speed.
speaker_heading: THE FUN COUPLES
text: They stop at the edge of the the dance floor with Al Czernak,
text: watching the club members as they dance sedately.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (loud)
dialog: Yike -- Dance of the Living Dead!
text: The dancing COUPLES steer clear of Czernak, afraid to get
text: too close to his pink leisure wear.
speaker_heading: THE BAR
text: Handsome, slick Tony D'Annunzio is moonlighting asa
text: bartender. He makes an elaborate show of mixing drinks
text: while he talks a mildly sarcastic stream of patter to
text: the slightly deaf and nearly senile Havercamps.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: So how was dinner, huh? You
dialog: each get a special bowl of mush?
dialog: (pouring
dialog: their drinks)
dialog: Here you go -- two special extra-
dialog: flat Shirley Temples straight up
dialog: yours. To your health.
text: Danny enters lugging a bin of ice.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: {to Danny)
dialog: Noonan! Did you see her, man?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTMLLIGE CGM
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Ber! The new one.
speaker_heading: LACEY
text: She stands against the wall listening to Dr. Beeper as
text: he fawns all over her.
speaker_heading: TONY {v.o.)
text: Twinkle-tits. Slurp-slurp.
speaker_heading: THE BAR
text: Danny is staring at Lacey again.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: She's the biggest whore on the
dialog: East Coast.
text: Danny looks at her with even greater intcrest. Two young
text: PRE-DEBS come up to the bar.
speaker_heading: FIRST GIRL
dialog: I'd like a G&T, please.
speaker_heading: SECOND GIRL
dialog: Make it two.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: What? Two T&A's? You want to
dialog: give me two T&A's -- good. Let's
dialog: have a drink first, okay? Then
dialog: I'll show you where the shark bit
dialog: me.
text: The girls giggle as Tony mixes their drinks. One of them
text: smiles coyly at Danny. He smiles back politely, but keeps
dialog: watching Lacey.
speaker_heading: TY WEBB
text: He wanders into the ballroom looking very suave in his
text: hand-tailored evening wear. He lights a cigarette and
text: leans against the wall as he surveys the action in the
dialog: ballroom.
scene_heading: LNOUNTMLLIGE. CGN
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: FUN COUPLES
text: Czernak and Suki are dancing on the fringe of the dance
text: floor, trying to make the most of a very dull situation.
text: Suki spots Ty and dances Czernak over to Wally.
speaker_heading: SUKI
dialog: Hunky guy alert!
speaker_heading: TY
text: He waves at the Fun Couples, glad to see some people he
text: likes, and joins them.
speaker_heading: WALLY
dialog: (hugging Ty}
dialog: Hiya, beautiful.
speaker_heading: SCOTT & GATSBY
dialog: (clapping him
dialog: on the back)
dialog: Hunka~hunka.
speaker_heading: SUKI
dialog: Meet somebody, Ty.
dialog: (turning to Czernak)
dialog: Ty Webb, this is Al Czernak.
dialog: (to Ty)
dialog: Al built our condo in Palm Beach.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Really? You also built a new
text: shopping mall in the middle of
dialog: a bird sanctuary last year,.
dialog: didn't you?
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Yeah, and it wasn't easy, either.
dialog: The Audubon Society put me on
dialog: their hit list. I was getting
text: obscene phone calls from Marlin
dialog: Perkins. We had to relocate
dialog: every godamn last grouse, crow
text: and chickadee to a kids' aviary
dialog: next to the Woolco. You should
dialog: see it.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: (ruefully)
dialog: T have.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LNOUNTMLLIGE. CGN
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: {laughs)
dialog: It's a regular birdshit factory.
speaker_heading: SUKI
dialog: (nudging Ty)
dialog: Heads up. I think somebody's
dialog: giving you the big eye.
speaker_heading: LACEY
text: She gazes steadily at Ty over the top of her cocktail glass.
speaker_heading: TY
text: He looks back at her without wavering.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Who is she?
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: The best piece in town is my guess.
speaker_heading: GATSBY
dialog: No kidding.
speaker_heading: WALLY
dialog: Oh, I don't believe it. She's
dialog: coming over here.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He stands at the kitchen door holding a tray of little cakes
text: and pastries, watching Lacey as she crosses the room toward
text: Ty Webb. Suddenly Maggie bursts through the door, banging
text: it hard into Danny's back and sending the pastries flying off
text: the tray. They both stoop to pick up the cakes and pastries.
speaker_heading: TY
text: He watches Lacey as she comes up to meet him.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: Hello. My name is Lacey Underall.
dialog: I'm seventeen and I'm trouble.
text: Ty is amused and intrigued by her boldness.
dialog: Ty
dialog: Ty Webb. I bet you're not as bad
dialog: as your reputation.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUVTALLIGE COG
dialog: 38
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: (provocative)
dialog: Better. Will you dance with me?
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Sure.
text: She takes his hand and leads him to the dance floor. The
text: Fun Couples make a big show of raising their eyebrows and
text: elbowing each other in the background.
speaker_heading: THE BAR
text: Tony is still hustling the two Pre-Debs.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: So what you girls gonna do when
dialog: you grow up, huh? Drop acid in
dialog: France not even wearing no tops
dialog: probably, an' then you burn out
dialog: and marry some suit who's into
dialog: squash. I bet you're still into
dialog: the Captain and Tenille.
dialog: “(the girls Laugh)
dialog: Let's face it, girls, it's bigger
dialog: than both of you, if you know
dialog: what I mean.
text: Czernak steps up to the bar.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: {to Tony)
dialog: Pal, can you make a Bullshot?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Can you make a shoe smell?
text: He starts to mix the drink. Czernak peels some bills off
text: his huge wad and tosses them on the bar.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: Funny. Here, treat yourself to
dialog: a real haircut.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Thanks!
speaker_heading: THF DANCE FLOOR
text: Lacey is coming on to Ty as they dance, but he manages to
dialog: keep a little distance between them.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE. CG
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: Well, Ty, what do you do for
dialog: excitement around here?
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: I play a lot of golf.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: Golf? Jesus, Nixon plays golf.
dialog: I bet you've got a lot of inter-
dialog: esting storics about your ball
text: landing in the road.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: What do you do, then?
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: Oh, I enjoy skinny~-skiing, going
dialog: to bullifights on acid...hey, I
dialog: bet you've got a lot of nice ties.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: Would you like to tie me up with
dialog: some of your ties, Ty?
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Hey, I got an idea, let's pretend
dialog: we're human beings.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
text: He crosses the dance floor greeting and goosing people
text: on his way to the bandstand.
scene_heading: JUDGE AND MRS. SMATLS
text: They're doing an arthritic fox trot near the bandstand.
text: Czernak bumps into them and lifts his glass in a friendly
text: toast, spilling half his drink on the floor. Mrs. Smails
text: glares at him as Czernak mounts the bandstand.
speaker_heading: MRS. SMAILS
dialog: (to the Judge)
dialog: Who is that disgusting man?
speaker_heading: JUDGE SMAILS
dialog: (scowling)
dialog: I think he's a guest of the Scotts.
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE CGM
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: THE BANDSTAND
text: Czernak taps the BANDLEADER on the shoulder. He's an aging
text: Don Ameche look-a-like in a very crummy tuxcdo.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (slipping him
dialog: some bills)
dialog: Listen, Ramon, there's another
dialog: Jackson in it for you if you
text: can goose the old thermostat
dialog: a little.
text: The Bandleader abruptly cuts off the band in the middle of
dialog: a number.
speaker_heading: BANDLEADER
dialog: Gentlemen, number forty, please.
text: Czernak showers the band with bills.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: And make it hot!
scene_heading: THE DANCK FI.OOR
text: The band starts blaring out a noisy disco number. Most of
text: the older couples leave the floor immediately, but a few
text: try to keep up with the kids who are starting to boogie.
text: The Fun Couples are doing a wild, drunken Salsa.
text: Judge and Mrs. Smails stand on the sidelines glowering at
text: the Fun Couples. Czernak dances up to them and grabs
text: Mrs. Smails' hand.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (to the Judge)
dialog: Hey, give somebody else a chance,
dialog: you lucky devil.
text: He drags the reluctant matron onto the dance floor and
text: propels her through a goofy John Travolta imitation.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (cheek to cheek
dialog: with Mrs. Smails)
dialog: Oh, baby! You must've been something
dialog: before clectricity.
speaker_heading: THE BEEPERS
text: Connie is laughing at Czernak's crazy flcorshow. Judge
text: Smails comes storming up to them holding his wife's coat.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUNTALLIGE. CGh
dialog: 41
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (to Doctor)
dialog: Find out who invited that man --
dialog: and tell them never to do it again.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
text: He goes out onto the dance floor and pries Mrs. Smails away
dialog: from Czernak.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: (to Czernak}
dialog: You're no gentleman!
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (dancing away)
dialog: I'm no doorknob, either?
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He's watching Ty talking to Lacey at a table in the corner.
text: Tony grabs him and starts walking him to the bar.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Cover for me, Noonan. I gotta
dialog: go out for a minute.
scene_heading: THE TWO PRE-DEBS
text: They stand waiting for Tony at the doors to the terrace.
speaker_heading: THE BAR
text: Danny goes behind the bar and finds the Bishop waiting for
text: a drink.
speaker_heading: THE BISHOP
dialog: Another Rob Roy, m'boy.
text: Danny is so intent on Lacey that he starts ineptly improvising
text: a drink for the Bishop -- Grenadine, Tequila and Slivowitz.
speaker_heading: TY AND LACEY
text: They stroll out of the ballroom arm in arm.
scene_heading: [LINOUNTMLLIGE CGM
speaker_heading: A2
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He tosses the bar rag into the punch bowl and leaves.
text: The Bishop takes a sip of his drink, gags and spits it out.
scene_heading: EXT. A SAND TRAP ~ MORNING
text: An explosion of sound rises, and a ball sails upward.
speaker_heading: A FLAGSTICK
text: The ball hits the flag and almost drops in.
speaker_heading: TY
text: He straightens and marvels at his shot.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Wow! I am the best! Did you
dialog: see that?
text: Danny backs into frame raking the trap as Ty steps out.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (sullen)
dialog: No.
text: Danny throws the rake and it bounces, almost hitting Ty.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: What's the matter? You getting
dialog: lazy? .
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (hearing Lacey)
dialog: No -- you getting her?
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: {not getting
dialog: the pun)
dialog: Pardon me? What are we talking
dialog: about? Did you ever get that
dialog: college thing settled?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I've got one more chance --
dialog: maybe I can win the caddy
dialog: scholarship if I suck up to
dialog: Judge Smails.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE CGM
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: (taking putter
dialog: from bag)
dialog: Okay, second lesson -- first,
dialog: forget everything I told you
dialog: last time.
text: Ty drops some balls on the green. He turns to Danny and
text: backhand putts perfectly, into the hole.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Never rush your swing, stay loose,
dialog: don't press.
text: Ty casually taps two balls at once. into the hole.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: If you obsess on your desire
dialog: you may clutch at the end like
dialog: Snec@ in the 79 Masters....
text: Ty casually kicks a ball right to the edge of the holc.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Missed.
text: Ty Lines up another ball between his legs.
speaker_heading: PY
dialog: In one model of the physical
dialog: universe the shortest distance
dialog: from one star to another can be
text: in the opposite direction.
text: Ty taps the ball and it hops over the kicked ball and into
text: the cup. Danny blinks.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: {continuing}
dialog: Basho the Zen Master once wrote,
dialog: ‘a flute without holes is not a
text: flute; a doughnut without a hole
dialog: is a danish.'
text: Ty sinks a ball shooting between his legs. He falls to his
text: hands and knees to line up his last ball.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Tf you need something from some-
dialog: one, you should never appear to
dialog: need it. —
dialog: (looks up
dialog: at Danny)
dialog: Don't move, Grasshopper.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUNTALLIGE. CGh
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: Ty (Cont'd)
dialog: (he uses the club
text: like a pool cuc,
text: bouncing the ball
dialog: eff Danny's shoe)
dialog: If you want to get what you want,
dialog: you have to stop wanting it first.
text: The ball heads right for the hole and drops. Danny can't
dialog: believe his eyes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: EXT. BUSHWOOD PARKING LOT
text: A big yellow Cadillac convertible roars up to the clubhouse
text: entrance and lurches to a halt. The liccnse*plates read
text: "“CZERNAK".
text: Al Czernak gets out wearing a fluorescent pink shirt, orange
text: slacks and red and white, two-tone shoes. A little Japanese
text: businessman, MR. YAMAMOTO, gets out the other side dressed
text: in a business suit.
speaker_heading: THE PRO SHOP
text: Sam Riviera, the club pro is behind the counter waiting on
text: Judge Smails and his grandson, Spaulding.
speaker_heading: SMATLS
dialog: Sam, Spaulding needs some balis.
dialog: (he looks in the
dialog: display case)
dialog: How much is that new Vulcan D-10
dialog: with the high compression center?
text: Sam reaches into the display case and takes out a ball that
text: comes in its own velvet pouch.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Three dollars cach, your Honor.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (hiding his
dialog: surprise)
dialog: Uh-huh. And how much are these?
text: He reaches into a goldfish bowl full of used balls.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: They're forty cents each, sir.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTMLLIGE CGM
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: JUDGE SMAILS
dialog: (selecting some balls}
dialog: That's more like it.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: Ah, Judge, that's a Queen Royal.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: SPAULDING
dialog: It's a ladies ball!
text: Judge Smails drops it quickly and selects another.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: This Ram-2 looks all right.
speaker_heading: THE DOOR
text: Czernak comes barging in followed by Yamamoto.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
text: He beckons to Sam's ASSISTANT, a twenty year old college type.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: Hey, kid! I'm Al Czernak -- I'm
dialog: playing with Drew Scott today and
dialog: this is my guest, Mr. Yamamoto. You
dialog: can give me a half dozen of those
dialog: Vulcan D-10's with the whole shmeer --
dialog: clubs, bag, shoes, glove, pants, shirt ~~
dialog: (to Yamamoto}
dialog: You want one of those things that tell
dialog: you how far you walked?
text: Mr. Yamamoto nods uncomprehendingly.
speaker_heading: SAM RIVIERA
text: His eyes light up when he hears Czernak's order, and he
text: practically runs over to Czernak, leaving the Judge alone.
speaker_heading: SAM
dialog: (very solicitious)
dialog: Sorry, Mr. Czech! I didn't see you
dialog: come in, sir.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: {wandering around)
dialog: Hey! Orange balls! Gimme a coupla
dialog: those -- and a box of those naked lady
dialog: tees -- and one of those, and that --
dialog: stop me! I'm a nut.
dialog: (picking up a hat)
dialog: Oh! This is the worst looking hat
dialog: I ever saw.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUNTALLIGE. CGh
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: He tries it om and turns to see Smails wearing the same hat.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: Ooops! Looks good on you, though
dialog: -- seriously.
text: Smails stalks out of the Pro Shop with Spaulding right behind
dialog: him.
scene_heading: A GOLF BALL - EXTREME CLOSE-UP
text: The word "DAMAGED" is stamped on the ball in big red letters.
text: A putter taps the ball out of frame.
speaker_heading: PRACTICE GREEN
text: Spaulding Smails, the Judge's grandson, is practicing putting,
text: cursing every time he misses. Motormouth and Goofy stop to watch.
speaker_heading: SPAULDING
dialog: Dammit!
scene_heading: THE STARTING BOARD
text: Lou, the caddymaster, is chalking the names of the players on a
text: board near the first tee. The caddies are waiting for their
text: assignments. Danny looks nervous.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Okay, Smails, Smails, Beeper and
dialog: Bishop Pickering. Who wants it?
text: The caddies hoot derisively.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (a little embarrassed)
dialog: Uh -- I'll take Smails if no one's
dialog: got him.
speaker_heading: THE CADDIES
dialog: (sing-song)
text: Brown-nose, brown-nose.
text: Danny gives them the finger as he goes off to caddy.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST TEE - LATER
text: The caddies are lazing around the fringes of the first tee area
text: watching the Smails team greet Beeper and the Bishop. the Bishop's
text: golf shirt has a small white cross where the alligator should be.
speaker_heading: MOTORMOUTH
dialog: Well, it's quite a moment when two
text: gruesome twosomes like the Beep and
text: the Bish tee off against the Smails
dialog: Experience, right, Tony?
speaker_heading: TONY
text: Looks like Noonan's up to his neck
dialog: in boogers.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTMLLIGE CGM
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Spaulding takes his driver from his golf bag, which is on a
text: two-wheel golf cart, and tees up his ball.
speaker_heading: SPAULDING
text: He swings and misses. His ball drops off the tee.
speaker_heading: SPAULDING
dialog: Turds!
dialog: (teeing up the
dialog: ball again)
dialog: That was practice.
speaker_heading: SMATLS
dialog: Spaulding! How many times have T
dialog: spoken to you about your language!
speaker_heading: SPAULDING
dialog: Sorry, Grandpa. I forgot.
text: He swings again.
scene_heading: DANNY AND GOOFY
text: Their eyes move to follow the flight of the ball, but quickly
text: return to the tee with the ball sitting on it.
speaker_heading: SPAULDING (v.o.)
dialog: Double-turds!
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: Spaulding!
text: Goofy starts to crack up, but Danny stifles his own laughter
text: and turns around to hide his smile.
speaker_heading: AL CZERNAK
text: He comes up the little hill to the first tee talking at the
text: top of his lungs. Yamamoto tags along in a bizarrely un-
text: coordinated golf outfit with price tags still attached to
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: So where do we tee off?
dialog: (sees Scott and
dialog: Gatsby and waves)
dialog: Fellahs!
dialog: {secs the Smails' party)
dialog: We waiting for these guys? Hey, Smells!
dialog: Nice hat!
text: Smails tees up his ball.
speaker_heading: SMALLS ,
dialog: Bo you mind? I'm about to tee off.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: I bet you slice into the woods.
dialog: (holds up a bill)
dialog: Hundred bucks.
scene_heading: [LINOUNTMLLIGE CGM
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: THE CADDIES watch the confrontation with rapt delight.
text: SMAILS turns to Czernak, really indignant.
speaker_heading: SMALLS
dialog: Gambling is illegal at Bushwood,
dialog: sir. And I never slice.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (winking)
dialog: Oh, yeah, sure.
text: Smails snorts and tees off, slicing it right into the woods.
text: THE CADDIES are practically rolling on the grass, trying not
text: to laugh out loud.
text: CZERNAK puts the bill away.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: Okay, you can owe me.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: I owe you nothing!
text: He shakes his head and stomps off down the fairway after the rest
text: of his foursome, Danny and Goofy shoulder the bags and follow.
text: Spaulding trails after, pulling his two-wheel golf cart.
text: BACK AT THE FIRST TEE
text: Lou announces the next foursome.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: (checking them off
dialog: the start board)
text: Scott, Gatsby, and guests.
dialog: (to the caddies)
dialog: Joey, get the big mouth -- Grace,
dialog: take the little guy -- Tony, you
dialog: got Scott and Gatsby.
speaker_heading: JOEY
text: He walks along the bag rack, looking at each one until he
text: comes to a huge super deluxe model, fully twice as large as
text: any normal golf bag. "CZERNAK" is stencilled on it in huge
text: letters. Tiny Joey is dwarfed by it as he drags it out of
dialog: the rack,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTMLLIGE CGM
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: THE FIRST TEE
text: Grace, the six-foot girl caddy, walks up to Yamamoto with
text: his bag. All his equipment still has price tags on it, too.
text: She looks down at him, he looks up at her towering pulchritude
text: and they both giggle amiably.
text: JOEY crosses to the tee, hobbling under the weight of Czernak’s
text: incredible bag as the caddies cheer and jeer at him.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: (ta Czernak)
dialog: You want your driver?
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: No, tell him to pick me up later.
dialog: Hah! No, yeah, gimme it.
text: Al pulls the club out, removes its boxing glove cover and tosses
text: it to Joey. Then he tees up his ball.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (to Scott and Gatsby)
dialog: I'm new at this game so you'll have
dialog: to go easy -- say, ten cents a hole?
speaker_heading: SCOTT
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (addressing the ball)
dialog: én' Mr, Moto and me'll have a little
dialog: side bet.
dialog: (to Yamamoto)
dialog: A ten thousand dollar Nassau with
dialog: optional press and a one hundred
dialog: Bingo~Bango ~~ no, Bango, hai?
speaker_heading: MR. YAMAMOTO
dialog: (more interested
dialog: in Grace)
dialog: Hai.
speaker_heading: THE ROUGH
text: Smails finds his ball, looks around, and tosses it back onto
dialog: the fairway.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: (to Danny)
dialog: Don't count that. I was interfered
dialog: with.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUNTALLIGE. CGh
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: (lining up
dialog: his next shot)
dialog: By the way, what did Mr. Webb shoot
dialog: this morning?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: He doesn't keep score, sir.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: I know, but just guess -- eighty?
dialog: Seventy-five?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: More like sixty-eight, I think.
speaker_heading: SMATLS
dialog: {really jealous)
dialog: Bah! I don't believe it!
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
text: He drives off the first tee with no technique but with
dialog: amazing power.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
text: He's just about to swing when Czernak's ball bounds into
text: frame and strikes him in the chest. He falls over.
speaker_heading: CZERNARK
text: He waves apologetically.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (bellows)
dialog: Fore!
text: His foursome starts walking down the fairway. Joe struggles
text: to keep ahead of them, his whole body hidden by the enormous
text: golf bag.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: (turning around)
dialog: Wha'd'ya got in here, anyway --
dialog: rocks?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUNTALLIGE. CGh
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: Come on, when I was your age, IL
dialog: used to lug fifty pounds of ice
text: up five, six fliphts of stairs.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: (unimpressed)
dialog: So what?
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: So let's dance.
text: He reaches over and switches on a radio built into his golf
text: bag. A LOUD disco tune BOOMS out over the course.
speaker_heading: JUDGE SMAILS
text: He's just about to hit when the loud music comes wafting over
dialog: the course.
speaker_heading: SMATLS
dialog: Now what in heaven?
dialog: {he turns and
text: shakes his fist
dialog: at Czernak in
dialog: the distance)
dialog: That man is a menace.
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Turn that off!
dialog: (Czernak waves back)
dialog: Gad!
text: The Judge hits a bag shot and stomps off after it. Danny
text: walks alongside, taking his club.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: That music is a violation of my
dialog: personal privacy. He's breaking
dialog: the law.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Really? I've always been very
dialog: fascinated with the Law.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: Oh? What areas?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: All areas. Personal privacy
dialog: laws -- noise statutes. I planned
dialog: to go to Law School after T graduate,
dialog: but now it looks like I won't have
dialog: enough money to go to college.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE. CG
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Well, the world needs ditch diggers,
dialog: too.
text: Danny nods politely, then makes a face behind Smails' back.
scene_heading: THE FIRST GREEN - A LITTLE LATER
text: The Bishop sinks his putt as Spaulding lines up a fifteen-
dialog: footer,
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: (to Smails)
dialog: Put me down for a five.
text: Goofy holds up eight fingers behind the Bishop's back for
dialog: Danny to see.
text: SPAULDING putts and misses.
speaker_heading: SPAULDING
dialog: ~ Hell!
text: He quickly putts again and misses again.
speaker_heading: SPAULDING
dialog: Damn!
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: (admonishing him)
dialog: Easy, son.
speaker_heading: SPAULDING
dialog: Well, that Caddy's right in my
dialog: line.
dialog: {to Danny)
dialog: Move over, stupid!
text: Danny moves away slowly and watches, Spaulding misses again,
text: picks up a "gimme", and storms off the green.
speaker_heading: SPAULDING
dialog: (practically running
dialog: Danny down)
dialog: Get out of my way.
speaker_heading: ~ CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUVTALLIGE COG
dialog: eee
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: DANNY'S FOOT
text: Spaulding's cart wheel rolls over Danny's foot.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He glowers at Spaulding, shoulders the golf bag he’s carrying
text: and walks toward the second tee.
scene_heading: CZERNAK'S FOURSOME
text: They march toward the first green. Czernak is drawing a beer
text: from a tap built into his golf bag. He's entertaining Scott
text: and Gatsby by jazzing the caddies, Tony and Joey.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: You guys really know how to carry
dialog: golf bags. This is considered skilled
dialog: labor for Italians, isn't it? What
dialog: else can you do?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I know how to make a Polack by
dialog: rubbin' two pieces of shit together.
text: Czernak stops at his ball on the fringe of the green and
text: takes out a putter equipped with a Norden bombsight.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: Yeah? Well, I'm Hungarian ~- not
dialog: Polish.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Then I need three.
text: Czernak lines up his putt and adjusts the bombsight.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (remembering Tony)
dialog: Hey! The bartender! You poured
dialog: me a drink last night.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I poured ya about thirty, sir.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (laughing, taps
dialog: his ball)
dialog: Bombs away!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUVTALLIGE COG
dialog: 54
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: The ball. curves toward the hole and drops.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: Boom! (as it drops)
dialog: : (imitates big explosion)
speaker_heading: THE FOURTH TEE
text: Smails gazes at a row of new ranch homes across from the
text: course, visible from the elevation of the tec.
speaker_heading: SMATILS
dialog: You know, Reverend, when we started
dialog: Bushwood, you couldn't see a single
dialog: house from here. We called it a
dialog: ‘country club’ because it was in the
dialog: country. Now look! They're almost
dialog: on top of us.
dialog: 
scene_heading: BEEPER AND DANNY
text: The Bishop tees off in the background.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: 1 think surgeons are like the
text: fighter pilots of a hospital.
speaker_heading: BEEPER
dialog: (slipping on his
dialog: aviator sunglasses)
dialog: Hum. Interesting analogy.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: IT want to go to Medical School,
dialog: but right now my parent's can't
dialog: afford to send me to college even.
speaker_heading: BEEPER
dialog: Wait! I know a way a college-bound
dialog: fellow could pick up some money
dialog: fast.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (excited)
dialog: You do?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: SL ENQUATTAULLIOE. COKG
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: BEEPER
dialog: Yes! My regular man is sick and L
dialog: need someone to mow my lawn.
dialog: Sunday morning. I'11 make it well
dialog: worth your while.
text: Beeper walks off to the tee. Danny gives him the finger
text: behind his back.
scene_heading: THE THIRD GREEN
text: Czernak spies the row of ranch houses.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (yelling to
dialog: his party)
dialog: Hey! Look at all those houses!
dialog: I bet they'd love a great shopping
dialog: mall right here! Condos over there --
dialog: (he gestures)
dialog: -- plenty of parking. Racquethall,
dialog: adult twin theaters -- a kiddie play-
dialog: ground. We'll make a fortune,
dialog: believe me. Y'know, country clubs
dialog: and cemeteries are the biggest
text: wasters of prime real estate. Dead
dialog: people don't wanna be buried these
dialog: days -- ecology, right? An™ you
dialog: know who belongs to country clubs --
text: the newly wed and the nearly dead.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
text: He's on the fourteenth fairway about to hit.
text: Danny stands with the Bishop watching him.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: I'll tell you, son, my real love
dialog: is working with young people like
dialog: you down at our new Youtheran Center.
dialog: You ought to stop by some time.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I've often thought of entering
dialog: the priesthood.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: You're Catholic?
dialog: (Danny nods)
dialog: Oh well...then you -- uh --
dialog: can’t come.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUVTALLIGE COG
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: SEVENTEENTH TEE
text: Czernak, Tony and Joey are watching a Cubs’ baseball game
text: on a five-inch TV screen built into Czernak's golf bag.
text: Al is a little bushed, consequently relaxed and reflective.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (reminiscing)
dialog: -~ IT used to steal a lot of stuff
dialog: when J was a kid. Turned out to
dialog: be a good practice for the business
dialog: world. Growing up on the street
dialog: is the best education you can get.
dialog: (sees something
dialog: on the fairway)
dialog: Hey, look! A groundhog!
speaker_heading: A MOLE
text: It streaks across the fairway chased by a bizarre-looking dog.
text: Sandy, the groundskeeper, follows with a butterfly net. The
text: mole dives into a hole just ahead of the snarling dog.
speaker_heading: TONY
text: He shouts to Sandy.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Sandy! Who's the pooch?
speaker_heading: SANDY
text: He stands by the hole as the dog digs frantically.
speaker_heading: SANDY
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: It's a Scottish Molehound! Best damn
text: rodent dog in the world.
text: The mole pops out of another hole a few feet away. The dog
text: leaps at it as Sandy lunges with the net. He nets the dog
text: which goes berserk, snarling and yapping in the net as the
text: mole scurries away.
scene_heading: ETGHTEENTH GREEN
text: Smails is just about to putt when he sees the molehound in
text: the distance, fighting with the groundskeeper.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE CGM
dialog: 57
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: SMALLS
dialog: (rattled)
dialog: What now!
speaker_heading: THE FAIRWAY
text: Czernak shouts at Smails as he locates his ball.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (bellows)
dialog: Hey, Smells! Thousand bucks you
dialog: miss that putt.
speaker_heading: THE GREEN
text: Smails has had it. . Ne turns red and looks up to see that
text: a number of people have stopped to watch him putt. Besides
text: Danny and Goofy, Dr. Beeper and the Bishop, a few other
text: players and caddies who just finished are waiting for him
text: to putt, Also, a few women in tennis clothes on their
text: way to the clubhouse patio have stopped to watch.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
text: He concentrates, taps the ball, and misses. The spectators
text: groan sympathetically. In a rage he hurls his putter.
scene_heading: DANNY AND GCOOOFY
text: Their eyes follow the club as it sails over a tall hedgerow.
text: A woman screams, and a crash is heard.
scene_heading: THE CLUBHOUSE PATIO - A MOMENT LALER
text: Judge Smails is apologizing to a startled crowd as Dr. RBeeper
text: revives a stunned WOMAN MEMBER, An umbrella table is torn.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S HUSBAND
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Well, if you didn't throw it, how
dialog: did it get here?
speaker_heading: SMAILS
text: It slipped out of my hand.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUNTALLIGE. CGh
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: The Club Manager RICHARD RICHARDS runs up.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: What seems to be the trouble?
speaker_heading: HUSBAND
dialog: He almost killed my wife with his
dialog: club!
speaker_heading: SMALLS
dialog: It-was an accident -- it slipped.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (stepping in)
dialog: I noticed your grips were worn --
dialog: I should've mentioned it to you,
dialog: sir. Sam could put some stick'em
dialog: on then for you.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: (to Danny -
dialog: grateful)
dialog: Good idea. Next time be more careful.
dialog: (to angry husband)
dialog: I'm really terribly sorry about this --
dialog: I'll sign for your lunch, all right?
dialog: (to Manager)
dialog: And I'll sign for the umbrella.
speaker_heading: . MANAGER
dialog: Oh no, Judge -- if it was an accident -~
dialog: no need.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Fine.
dialog: (signals waiter)
text: A double scotch-and-soda over there.
dialog: (to Danny)
text: Danny, come over to the table and
dialog: I'll sign your card.
scene_heading: A TABLE - A LITTLE LATER
text: Danny stands by as Smails signs his card. Danny knows he's
dialog: onto something.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: Thanks for your help back there.
dialog: You're a fine caddy and that's
dialog: something to be proud of. Say,
dialog: did you know that we're awarding
dialog: another Caddy Scholarship this year?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUVTALLIGE COG
dialog: 59
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: _ DANNY
dialog: Yes, I have heard something about
dialog: it, but my grades in high school
dialog: weren't actually that outstanding.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: There are more important things
dialog: than grades, son. You just turn
dialog: in an application and let me take
dialog: care of the rest.
dialog: che gets up)
dialog: By the way, I'm launching my new
dialog: sloop at the Yacht Club Sunday
dialog: afternoon. A lot of the young
dialog: people will be there. Why don't
dialog: you join us?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: That sounds great, sir. Thank you.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: (g00d-humored)
dialog: And you tell Ty Webb that I'm
dialog: gunning for him. If he's that
dialog: good, I want to see it.
scene_heading: INT. THE LOCKER ROOM
text: Smoke is vacuuming the rug when Spaulding approaches him.
text: Smoke turns off the machine.
speaker_heading: SPAULDING
dialog: (confidentially)
dialog: Uh -- Westinghouse, do you know
dialog: where I could get any -- stuff?
speaker_heading: SMOKE
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Well, Master Spaulding, I might be
dialog: able to get some fine Bongolese
text: later to day for seventy-five.
speaker_heading: SPAULDING
dialog: Seventy-five!
speaker_heading: SMOKE
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: It's the best.
text: Spaulding reluctantly hands Smake the cash and splits.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUNTALLIGE. CGh
dialog: 60
scene_heading: INT. CAMPUS SHOPPE
text: Danny browses around an exclusive habadashery and stops
text: to admire an elegant Ivy League suit on a mannequin.
text: A SALESMAN apperas at his shoulder and notes Danny's faded
text: jeans and battered jacket
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: (icily)
dialog: Is there something you want?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (feigning disinterest)
dialog: No.
dialog: (disdainfully fingers
dialog: the suit material)
dialog: Not is this is the best you've got.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: (suddenly obsequious)
dialog: Of course not, sir! If you'll just
dialog: come with me and slip off your --
dialog: uh -- jacket.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPUS SHOPPE ~ LATER
text: Danny comes out with several bags and boxes.
scene_heading: EXT. CLUB MAINTENANCE GARAGE
text: The two-story converted stable has the feeling of an 18th
dialog: Century English farm -- grasscutting equipment, gardening
text: tools and piles of mulch litter the courtyard. A potting
text: shed is just opposite.
speaker_heading: SMOKE
text: He's pulling dead, dry weeds out of the ground and stuffing
text: them into a plastic baggie. He slips away as Danny comes
text: walking across the yard carrying a golf bag.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He stops and turns at the sound of a voice.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (v.o.)
dialog: (calls musically)
dialog: Oh Danny boy --
text: He looks up.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: LON OUTALLIGE COM
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
text: She's leaning over the railing of a balcony in her uniform
text: smiling down at him. You can see right up her skirt.
speaker_heading: MAGGTE
dialog: Can I give you a hand with your
dialog: bag?
speaker_heading: DANNY
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: . (smiles)
dialog: Hi Mag.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Oh, so it's Mag now?
dialog: (sings)
dialog: Mary Margaret Mag the Hag,
dialog: another bag?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Cut it out. i can see up your
dialog: dress.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (naughty)
dialog: I know. Come on up.
text: Danny looks around nervously, then trots up the stairs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: INT. MAGGIE'S BEDROOM
text: Maggie lies seductively on the bed in her wmiform and white
text: shoes. Her room is simple but tidy and charming. Photos of
text: home and family occupy places of honor atop her desk and
text: dresser along with a major standing crucifix, a blow dryer
text: and a glass snowball souvenir from Disneyworld.
text: Danny sits down on the bed and they kiss.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: How's your little friend?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (unbuttoning her
dialog: uniform)
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE CGM
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Maggie starts to pull his T-shirt off but deliberately gets
text: it stuck over his head, pinning his arms.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (enjoying making
dialog: him struggle)
dialog: Lacey Overalls -- the girl with the
dialog: enormous appetite for butter.
text: Danny yanks on his shirt and tears it nearly in half.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: She's not my friend. It's the
dialog: Judge I'm after.
speaker_heading: MAGGTE
dialog: (rueful)
dialog: Oh, that one. When I get home I'm
text: going to send him a letter bomb.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: He's really not that bad, y'know.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (pulling back)
dialog: You traitor! Tony D'Annunzio needs
dialog: money worse than you do but he'd never
dialog: go oiling up to the Judge like that.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yeah, well Tony doesn't want to go
dialog: to college. He didn't even want to
dialog: go to grade school.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: That doesn't make you better than him.
text: They lie together in silence for a moment.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Who told you Lacey's a whore?
text: Maggie shoves him off the bed.
scene_heading: EXT. DANNY'S HOUSE - EARLY SUNDAY MORNING
text: A 62' Chevy stationwagon with rusting fake wood panelling
text: is parked in the driveway. Church bells are ringing all
text: around the neighborhood, All the Noonan kids come running
text: out the side door of the house dressed for church. They
text: pile into the wagon, fighting for good scats, jumping in
text: and out of the windows like a barrel of monkeys.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUVTALLIGE COG
dialog: 63
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Mrs. Noonan comes out last in her best Sunday outfit, including
text: white gloves and hat with veil. She takes her accustomed
text: place in the front seat. Panny closes the door for her then
text: runs around to the driver's seat. He backs out of the driveway
text: fast and speeds off down the street.
scene_heading: INT. THE CAR : :
speaker_heading: MRS. NOONAN
dialog: Danny, don't drive so fast, dear.
dialog: Andy, honey, don't pick that. It'll
text: fall off by itself.
scene_heading: INT, THE WAGON
text: Mrs. Noonan is about to get out, but stops. Danny is desperate
dialog: to get going.
speaker_heading: MRS. NOONAN
dialog: (to Danny)
dialog: It wouldn't kill you to go to Mass,
dialog: you know.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I went last night! They had a special
dialog: midnight Mass for people with summer
dialog: jobs.
speaker_heading: MRS. NOONAN
dialog: Yeah -- I bet!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I gotta deliver papers, I gotta
dialog: mow Beeper's lawn and I'm -- .
speaker_heading: MRS. NOONAN
text: ~-going to a party at the Yacht Club.
dialog: i know. Hooray for you. Remind your
dialog: father to pick us up after Mass, all
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: You told me a thousand times!
speaker_heading: MRS. NOONAN
dialog: (getting out)
dialog: And you'll still forget.
text: She closes the door and Nanny peels away.
scene_heading: EXT, NOONAN GARAGE ~- A LITTLE LATER
text: Danny and Andy are loading the wagon with heavy stacks of
dialog: fat Sunday papers.
scene_heading: VNOWITMLIGE. COM CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 64
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: (reluctant)
dialog: We gotta tie ‘em better!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I don't have time. let's go.
text: He jumps behind the wheel.
speaker_heading: BACK DOOR
text: Mr. Noonan comes out carrying his golf bag on a cart, golf
text: shoes and a bag lunch. He's dressed to play golf, Tooking
text: snazzier and happier than we've seen him.
text: The car speeds off down the driveway.
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN
dialog: (seeing his trans-
dialog: portation disappear)
dialog: Hey!
scene_heading: EXT. A SUBURBAN STREET
text: The Chevy wagon speeds down the street. Andy whips papers
text: out of the open tailgate.
text: A FRONT DOOR ON THE STREET
text: A MAN in a bathrobe opens his front door to get his newspaper.
text: He looks at his own lawn in shock, then turns and looks up the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: THE STREET
text: The front lawns on both sides are almost covered with a mess
text: of papers swirling in the summer breeze. A dog chases the
text: Chevy wagon as it squeals around the corner and disappears.
scene_heading: DR. BEEPER'S MATLBOX
text: The mailbox is a beautiful replica of a country home with
text: the name “Beeper, M.D.'' painted neatly on it,
scene_heading: DR. BEEPER'S LAWN
text: It's easily seven rolling acres of carefully landscaped lawn,
text: gardens, fountains, statuary and topiary. The grass is a
text: foot high. A very small, rusty, push-mower stands unattended
scene_heading: — LENOUYTALLIGE. CGh CONTINUED
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: in the middle of the vast, uncut expanse. A mechanical roar
text: is heard approaching.
scene_heading: DR. BEEPER'S MAILBOX
text: It begins to vibrate as a monstrous machine passes.
scene_heading: THE GREENSKEEPER'S TRACTOR-MOWER
text: Danny sits atop the mechanical monster we saw on the golf
text: course and steers it up Beeper's driveway. We manhandles the
text: thing onto the spacious lawn and cuts the grass with incredible
dialog: efficiency, doing the whole job in one sweeping circuit
dialog: of the grounds.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He turns around to admire the wonderful job he's done when
text: suddenly he's clotheslined by a line of laundry that catches
text: him by the neck and pulls him off the mower. A BLACK MAID
text: runs out of the house yelling at him.
speaker_heading: THE MOWER
text: Danny and the Maid watch in horror as the unattended mower
text: runs over a carefully sculpted hedge and chops it up like
dialog: a Vegematic.
speaker_heading: NEXT DOOR
text: Beeper's neighbors are having an elegant lawn party. Suddenly,
text: they hear the roar of a motor and turn to see the mower eat its
text: way through a tall thick hedge and right into their yard.
text: The guests run screaming as the mower runs right over a loaded
text: buffet table sending up a shower of chopped cold cuts. Then
text: it runs over a bed of carefully planted tulips and exits the
text: yard by eating through the hedge on the other side. The
text: guests look after it stunned as Danny comes through the new
text: opening from keeper's yard. He trots through the debris,
text: bowing politely to everyone and disappears through the newly
text: cut exit on the other side.
scene_heading: A GAS STATION - A LITTLE LATER
text: Danny's stationwagon pulls up to the pumps. He jumps out,
text: sweating and nervous, shouts something to the gas station
text: attendant and dashes into the Men's Room carrying a Dop
text: kit and the boxes from the Campus Shoppe.
scene_heading: SOWITALLIOE. COR CONTINUED
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: EXT. MEN'S ROOM DOOR - FIVE MINUTES LATER
text: Danny exits the grungy Men's Room looking like the Prince
text: of Whales in a blazer, white pants, shoes and ascot. He
text: sports a whie yachting cap. He gives the amazed attendant
text: a dollar and drives off.
speaker_heading: A SIGN
scene_heading: GREAT LAKES YACHT CLUB
scene_heading: MEMBERS ONLY
scene_heading: YACHT CLUB PARKING LOT
text: Danny drives into the lot and looks around at the expensive
text: Mercedes, Cadillacs and shining sports cars parked in the
text: lot. Danny starts to back out when a red-jacketed parking
text: attendant jogs over, staring at the smcking heap. He tries
text: to open the door for Danny, but the handle comes off in his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It's a classic. My father's having
dialog: it restored for his collection.
scene_heading: INT. THE YACHT CLUB
text: Danny enters a large beamed room decorated with real ships'
text: bulls, models and pennants. A local rock band is playing
text: "More" amidst a crowd of madras and cranberry pants types.
text: Danny looks around uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: LACEY
text: She and her friends are dancing, all dressed very casually
text: in a variety of T-shirts, jeans and cut-offs. Lacey is
text: dancing with a long-haired suburban freak, They all turn
text: and stare at Danny, standing stiffly at the entrance.
speaker_heading: NOBLE
text: He looks like Dick Cavett.
text: They all giggle and smirk,
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He pulls his yachting cap down over his eyes and shrinks off
text: toward the bar. Some unkind WOLF WHISTLES and APPLAUSE is
text: heard from the young rich set. Danny reaches for a glass of
text: white wine on a tray, but a hand clamps down on his shoulder,
text: scaring him so mu “OMB WA TALL ICE Cabg °° of wine. pawent ren
dialog: 67
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: - DR, BEEPER AND DANNY
text: Beeper has his creepy hand on Danny's shoulder.
speaker_heading: DR. BEEPER
dialog: Hello, son. How'd it go?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Uh -- the lawn looks great.
dialog: (Beeper's beeper
text: beeps; a ship's
dialog: whistle is heard)
speaker_heading: MRS. SMAILS
text: She stands in front of the band, shushing them. She blows
text: a gold bosun's pipe strung around her neck.
speaker_heading: MRS. SMAILS
dialog: All right, children, we're launching
dialog: the sloop now -~ you can shake your
text: booties down on the dock.
text: The young people groan.
speaker_heading: MRS. SMAILS
dialog: Go on, scamper!
dialog: (claps hands)
scene_heading: DANNY AND BEEPER
text: Danny's standing around nervously. He turns to leave, only
text: to encounter Noble Noyes and Spaulding Smails.
speaker_heading: SMAILS III
dialog: Ahoy, polloi. Hey, Noonan, whadja just
dialog: come from -- a scotch ad?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Eat it.
scene_heading: MRS. SMALLS
text: walks by and stops.
speaker_heading: MRS. SMAILS
dialog: My, what a nice-looking young man!
dialog: You're from Bushwood, aren't you?
speaker_heading: SPAULDING
dialog: He's not a member -- he's a caddy,
dialog: Gramma,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LNOUNTMLLIGE. CGN
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Judge Smails invited me yesterday
dialog: at the Club.
speaker_heading: MRS. SMAILS
dialog: Oh yes, the boy who wants to be in
dialog: the Senate. Too bad more of your
dialog: generation don't follow your
dialog: example, young man --
dialog: (to Spaulding)
dialog: You look like boogies! Now scamper!
text: They leave. Danny stands there for an uncomfortable moment
dialog: with Mrs. Smails.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (gulping, offers
dialog: her his arm)
dialog: May I escort you out, ma'am?
text: Mrs. Smails gasps with delight and takes his arm.
speaker_heading: MRS. SMAILS
dialog: You are a nice young man!
text: Danny pulls his cap even lower over his eyes and starts to
text: walk out with her. Judge Smails appears dressed just like
text: Danny. CHUCK SHICK, an athletic young man, is with him.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: (exuberant)
dialog: Hold on, son! Trying to make time
dialog: with my best girl?
text: Danny looks at Mrs. Smails and manages a sickly smile.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Thank you for inviting me, sir.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: Have you met Chuck Shick, Danny?
dialog: Chuck is clerking for me this
text: summer until he passes the bar.
dialog: (they shake hands)
dialog: Danny's going to Law School, too,
dialog: Chuck.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Really? You going to Harvard?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: St. Copious.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Where?
scene_heading: ROUATALLIGE COKE CONTINUED
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: St. Copious of Northern Nebraska.
dialog: They have an excellent golf program --~-
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: (to Danny)
dialog: Speaking of golf, .I've done some
dialog: checking up on you, son. TI hear
dialog: you're quite a golfer yourself.
dialog: Danny won our Caddy tournament
dialog: two years in a row. Gonna win it
dialog: again this year, Senator?
dialog: the winks)
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I'm going to try, sir.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: That's the spirit. See you on deck.
text: Smails salutes Danny and walks off with Chuck and Mrs. Smails.
text: LACEY walks up to Danny with her hairy friend, TERRY.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: Hey, Cary Grant -- want to get high?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Hey, I only got a little.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: Then fart off, okay, Terry?
text: Terry splits angrily. Lacey smirks at Danny's outfit.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I guess I'm a little overdressed.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: It depends on what's underneath.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What?
text: She sighs and pulls him toward the door.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: C'mon.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE. CG
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: EXT, THE MARINA
text: Most of the boats are out on the lake, but a few beautiful
text: yachts are still in their slips.
scene_heading: JUDGE SMAILS' SLOOP
text: The Judge is peevishly supervising two dock workers. They
text: are finishing the slip-rails under the hull of Smails' new
text: thirty-foot racing sloop, The Bluebird. Some members watch
text: with mild interest.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: Lovely day for a launch, isn't
dialog: it? Easy! Easy! Shoes off if
dialog: you're coming aboard.
speaker_heading: THE SHORE
text: Spaudling, Noble and Terry lounge on the shore passing a
text: large joint.
speaker_heading: SPAULDING
dialog: Did you see that kid?
dialog: (passes a joint)
dialog: He's not even a member.
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: He tried to do my blow.
speaker_heading: NOBLE
dialog: Hey, this reminds me a little of
dialog: the Bosphorous. Mummy took us
dialog: last year when Daddy flipped out.
speaker_heading: SPAUDLING
dialog: No one goes there anymore -- it's
dialog: been totally ruined by rich Americans.
dialog: Europe's been ruined for years...
speaker_heading: TERRY
dialog: They ruined Morocco, man. No one
dialog: goes there anymore -- too many plastic
dialog: hippies.
speaker_heading: NOBLE
dialog: (inspecting
dialog: joint and coughing)
dialog: Hey, what kind of shit is this?
speaker_heading: SPAULDING
dialog: It's the best, man. Got it from a
dialog: Negro. It comes on slow -- you're
dialog: probably so high already you don't
dialog: even know it.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [ONOUTTALLIGECGRMG == tS”
dialog: 71
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: TERRY AND NOBLE
dialog: Really.
speaker_heading: MRS. SMATLS
text: She blows her whistle and beckons the guests to gather on the
text: floating docks near the sloop.
speaker_heading: MRS. SMATLS
dialog: All right, everybody! It's time!
text: She takes a champagne bottle as the Judge prepares a little
text: speech from the boat. Polite applause.
speaker_heading: JUDGE SMAILS
dialog: Thank you, everyone -- it's been
dialog: many years and, frankly, many
dialog: dollars to reach this point --
dialog: (polite laughter)
scene_heading: DANNY AND LACEY
text: She's sitting next to him on a cushioned lounge on the patio,
text: _ reading his palm. Danny has now shed his blazer and rolled up
dialog: his sleeves, .
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: ..-And this is your fate line. You look
dialog: like you're going to make a lot of
dialog: money when you're older ---
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (interested)
dialog: Oh yeah? When? How?
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: Qlooking closer)
dialog: Not for a few years yet -- could be
text: either the market or a game show.
dialog: And this is your saliva line...
dialog: (she licks his
dialog: hand slowly)
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What does that tell?
text: She continues to lick his wrist and up his arm, Danny almost
dialog: swoons,.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: How hot I can get you.
text: They kiss.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LNOUNTMLLIGE. CGN
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: THE SLOOP ~ SAME TIME
text: Mrs. Smails winds up with a champagne bottle.
speaker_heading: MRS. SMAILS
dialog: I hereby christen thee 'The Bluebird.'
text: She smashes her champagne bottle down. and breaks the bowsprit
text: off the boat without breaking the bottle. The boat begins to
text: slide into the water.
speaker_heading: SMATLS
dialog: (aghast)
dialog: Pookie!
text: A HUGE PAIR OF BINOCULARS
text: A familiar voice booms above a loud roar, blaring music
text: and laughter.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK (v.0.)
dialog: It's my buddy!
scene_heading: CZERNAK'S POV THROUGH BINOCULARS - JUDGE SMAILS
text: He can see Smails gesticulating wildly as his sloop slides
text: into the water.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK (v.0.)
dialog: (yelling orders)
dialog: Hard right turn! All ahead all the
dialog: engines! Go over there!
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: DANNY AND LACEY - SAME TIME
text: Lacey is rubbing the back of Danny's neck, touching his
text: nose with hers lightly.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: Do you like me?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (weak)
dialog: Oh, yes.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: More than being a Senator?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Oh, yes.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTMLLIGE CGM
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: Then say it.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I like you more than being in the
dialog: Senate.
scene_heading: THE SLOOP - SAME TIME
text: The sloop docks off shore with Smails aboard. The guests
text: remove their shoes and follow the small boat along the two
text: floating docks, giggling drunkenly.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: (holding his bowsprit)
dialog: God damnit! Where's the first
dialog: mate? Somebody get a bottle of glue!
scene_heading: DANNY AND LACEY - SAME TIME
text: She's drawing it out, tcasing.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: More than being President of the world?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: More than being President of the world.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: Wow.
text: She leans over to kiss Danny's trembling lips. Suddenly there
text: is a huge GRONNK of notes that sound like an ice cream truck
text: for dinosaurs. They turn ot the camera, interrupting the
dialog: kiss.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: Let's get out of here.
text: She takes his hand and leads him off.
scene_heading: CZERNAK'S BOAT ~ LOW SHOT
text: The enormous hull roars by the camera. The whole boat has
text: been "customized" with chromed horns, lamed life rings,
text: futuristic radar and a snarling "flying tiger' face painted
text: on the prow. We read the name, ‘Thunderball II" on the
text: side as its entire length roars by, throwing up a huge wake.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
text: He's on the bridge in a loud Hawaiian shirt, now at the wheel
text: of his 110-foot power pleasure cruiser. White-jacketed servants
text: tend to the Fun Couples and other guests, including bikini-
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUVTALLIGE COG
dialog: 74 v
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: clad cuties. They drink and wave to the Yacht Club partiers.
text: Loud music.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (through bullhorn)
dialog: Hey, Smails! My dinghy's bigger than
dialog: your whole boat! Ha ha ha!
speaker_heading: SMATLS
text: He waves off Czernak's enormous craft.
speaker_heading: SMATLS
dialog: Go away! Go away! Heave off!
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
text: Struggling with the wheel.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (through bullhorn)
dialog: Save me a parking place. I'm comin' in!
speaker_heading: Pp & Pp
text: He hits a horn that blares out "Mary Had a Little Lamb".
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT
text: Lacey pets into a Mercedes 450SL. Danny gawks at the car.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: Would you rather take your car?
text: Danny's Chevy wagon is right behind her.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (reaching)
dialog: No -- my back speakers are out.
speaker_heading: THE MARINA
text: Czernak's giant vessel slams into the small harbor, sideswipes
text: a bell buoy, snaps a line of floats and snage the line of a
text: dockside fisherman, yanking him into the water.
scene_heading: A SMALL ROWBOAT
text: Terrified people leap from the craft as Czernak's bow slices
text: it neatly in half.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
text: He spins the wheel in both directions, oblivious.
scene_heading: LNOUVTALLIGE. COM CONTINUED
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: Okay, let's back ‘er up.
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Where's the rearview mirror?
speaker_heading: CZERNAK'S BOAT
text: It's banging into boats on every side like a bull in a china
text: shop, and steams right into the Yacht Club dock.
scene_heading: THE YACHT CLUB DOCK
text: Piled shoes begin to fall in the water as the GUESTS try to
text: balance on the bobbing, teetering platforms and slide into
text: the water shrieking.
scene_heading: A MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
dialog: My hair! My hair!
speaker_heading: SMAILS
text: He looks up in terror at Czernak's looming hull.
speaker_heading: SMALLS
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Stop!
text: Czernak leans over the bridge and waves at Smails.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: Oaky! Drop anchor!
text: Suddenly, Czernak's huge anchor CRASHES down through the deck
text: of Smail's boat. It starts to sink with Smails aboard looking
text: like the Captain of the Titanic.
scene_heading: LACEY'S CAR - LATER
text: She's driving incredibly fast down winding country roads.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: You scared?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (exhilarated)
dialog: Yeah
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: Me, too!
scene_heading: EXT. THICK WOODS ~ LATER
text: Danny and Lacey are picking their way through lovely, dark
text: woods. Afternoon sunlight is filtering through the trees.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE CGM
dialog: 76
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Butterflies flutter around brightly-colored wildflowers and
text: delicate ferns.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: Wanna do some real MDA?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Pardon me?
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: MDA -- If got it from a guy I
dialog: know in medical school. Go ahead.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (taking a pill)
dialog: You sure this is okay?
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: Oh, it's all bad for you.
text: Danny gags in mid-swallow. Lacey sees a deer and touches
text: Danny's hand to still him.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Wow -~ a deer!
speaker_heading: FADE TO
scene_heading: A BUBBLING BROOK BY A TINY WATERFALL - MINUTES LATER
text: Danny and Lacey are dabbling their feet in the cool water
text: in dappled sunlight. They stare intently at the water. A frog
text: is croaking.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (awed)
text: It looks like a painting.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: Monet.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Right. Him definitely.
dialog: Cpoints)
dialog: Look!
text: A BEAUTIFUL DRAGONFLY hovers. and skips above the water.
speaker_heading: LACEY
text: It looks like jewelry that's alive,
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Uh-huh.
text: She leans on Danny.
scene_heading: LNOKATAMASOE. COM " CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: It's nice here. It reminds me of the
dialog: Black Forest.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP - THEIR FEET IN WATER
text: Lacey's feet become entangled with Danny's.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: It's like a dream.
text: DANNY AND LACEY fall over in an embrace. A bullfrog croaks
text: grandly. A beautiful musical theme begins. They tug at each
text: other's clothes. A turtle slides into the water. The bull-
text: frog jumps away with a croak.
scene_heading: MONTAGE - DANNY AND LACEY
text: There follows a MONTAGE of soft-focus, non-explicit lovemaking.
text: Both Danny and Lacey look really spaced. END THEME MUSIC.
speaker_heading: FADE TO
text: A MOURNING DOVE hops on a branch, giving a low, cooing note.
scene_heading: DANNY AND LACEY
text: lie in each other's arms, spent. Lacey's eyes are closed;
text: Danny stares straight up as the dove coos.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Lacey?
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: (smiling,
dialog: eyes closed)
dialog: Um-hmm?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (with difficulty)
dialog: I want you to know that just because
dialog: of this you don't have to stop seeing
dialog: other people.
text: Lacey says nothing, then, little by little, she begins to
text: break into slight tremors, then giggles, then uproarious
dialog: laughter.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Why are you laughing?
scene_heading: ORNOWYTALLIGE COM CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: Oh, nothing -- really.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (half serious now)
dialog: What's so funny?
text: Lacey begins to giggle again.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He begins dressing, suddenly embarrassed by his nakedness.
text: Lacey, still giggling, tickles Danny's feet and he starts
text: with surprise and giggles a little too.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: DANNY AND LACEY
text: running through the woods. They look extremely happy.
scene_heading: DANNY'S HAPPY FACE
text: He closes his eyes as he runs.
speaker_heading: DANNY'S POV
text: Tree branches and birds whiz by as he runs. A flash of the turtle.
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP ~ DANNY
text: He opens his eyes, laughing puazzledly. He closes them again.
scene_heading: DANNY'S TECHNICALLY ALTERED POV
text: Another travelling flash and a bird image, only he seems to
text: be rising through the branches. He bursts through the trees
text: and rises into the air like a bird.
speaker_heading: cuUT TO
scene_heading: THE ELEVENTH HOLE
text: Danny and Lacey burst through the tree line and gambol onto
text: the fairway. Danny stops in mid-gambol shocked at what he sees.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: THE SNACK SHOP
text: A bunch of caddies and a few members have been watching them
text: frolicking, The caddies applaud wildly and whistle. Maggie
text: stares at Danny from behind th2 counter, shakes her head in
text: disappointment and’ goes back..cto a conversation with Tony.
scene_heading: — LNOUPTAMALIGE COS
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: JOEY
text: (squishes the foamy
dialog: ballwasher machine)
dialog: Hey, Danny, you find your balls okay?
text: The caddies laugh.
speaker_heading: FADE TO
scene_heading: INT. SMAILS HOUSE
text: It's a spacious main floor furnished with real baronial overkill,
text: expensive but depressing. A MAID goes to open the front door
text: just as Judge Smails enters, still dripping wet and furious.
text: lie stalks down the hail muttering to himself. The maid follows
text: a step behind him, mopping up the wet footprints. He turns
text: and goes upstairs.
scene_heading: INT, UPSTAIRS HALI.
text: Smails marches down the long hallway and barges through the
text: door into his bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. THE MASTER BEDROOM
text: The door flies open and Smails enters.
scene_heading: DANNY AND LACEY
text: She's lying nude in Smails' bed, her head in Danny's lap. He's
text: wearing Smails dressing gown, drinking his best cognac, smoking
text: a Havana cigar. They both turn to the door in surprise.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
text: llis eyes go wide, his face turns bright red and his mouth
text: goes up and down but no sound comes out. He grabs a golf
text: club leaning up against the wall and charges at Danny.
text: Danny drops the cognac and cigar and grabs for his under-
text: pants. Smails swings at him with the golf club but Danny
text: dodges and Smails wipes out a shelf of his own golf trophies.
text: Danny bounds across the bed trying to put on his underpants
text: as he runs. Smails swings again but Danny catches his foot
text: in his underwear and falls. Smails club whizzes over his
text: head and knocks out one of the columns of his four-poster.
text: The canopy falls down on Lacey and the Judge. Danny goes hopping
text: across the room still hobbled by his jockey shorts and escapes
text: into the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. THE BATIIROOM
text: He locks the door behind him, panting hard. As he bends to
scene_heading: LINOUVTALLIGE COG CONTINITED
dialog: 
dialog: 79
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: pull up his shorts he suddenly becomes aware of something. The
text: shower is running and a huge silhouette is splashing and
text: scrubbing behind it. Suddenly, Mrs. Smails hand emerges from
text: the shower holding out a long, tubular abrasive sponge.
speaker_heading: MRS. SMAILS
dialog: Elihu? Will you loofah my stretchmarks?
text: Danny does a croupy imitation of the Judge.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (more coughing than
dialog: talking)
dialog: Hrum, hrrump!
text: Smails starts beating down the door with his club.
speaker_heading: MRS. SMAILS
text: In the shower, wearing goggles, funny shower cap and facial
text: mud pie. She realizes something is wrong and slides open
text: the shower door, revealing...
speaker_heading: DANNY'S FACE
text: The sight of Mrs. Smails naked is a memory he'll have to live
text: with forever. He springs to the connecting door and flces
text: through her bedroom as Smails finally breaks into the bathroom
text: from the other side.
scene_heading: MAIN FLOOR ENTRANCE HALL
text: The Bishop and three Dowagers arrive from the Yacht club.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: What an afternoon! Are we still having
dialog: tea?
scene_heading: UPSTAIRS TALLWAY
text: Danny comes running out of Mrs. Smails bedroom. The Maid is
text: still mopping the marble floor, talking to a Butler holding
text: a tea service on a tray.
text: Danny runs by almost knocking over the Butler who spins like
text: a top but keeps the tea service from falling. Danny does a
text: perfect stand-up slide on the wet floor that carries him all
text: the way to the backstairs at the end of the hall.
speaker_heading: THE BUTLER
text: Smails goes flying past him, forcing the Butler to spin
text: the other way to keep the tea set balanced on the tray.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUVTALLIGE COG
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: SMALLS
text: He hits the wet part of the floor and slips, slides all the way
text: down the hall on his back and falls down the stairwell at the
dialog: other end.
speaker_heading: THE BUTLER
text: He shakes his head as he re-balances his tray, takes one sten
text: and practically backflips om the wet floor. The tea tray
text: goes flying over the railing of the main stairwell.
text: THE BISHOP AND THE DOWAGERS
text: The tea service comes crashing down from upstairs in a hail of
text: china and polished silver.
speaker_heading: A DOWAGER
dialog: That must be the tea.
scene_heading: EXT, - SMAILS HOUSE
text: Danny flies out the back door just as Lacey appears at an
text: upstairs window. She tosses down his shirt, nants and shoes.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (running away)
dialog: T'1l call you!
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: non't! (laughing)
dialog: on't
scene_heading: CLUB BULLETIN BOARD
text: It reads: CADDY DAY in big letters at the top of the board.
text: Just below it: "ALL CLUB FACILITIES OPEN TO CADDTES AND
text: STAFF .'' Pull back to reveal Smoke in two-tone shoes, ice cream
text: suit, red tie and panama hat. He struts out of the clubhouse.
scene_heading: EXT, CLUB ENTRANCE
text: Danny and Goofy ride up on their bikes with worn canvas golf
text: bags over their shoulders. They vass other caddies on foot,
text: some with clubs, some with tennis rackets, others with towels
dialog: and swimsuits.
scene_heading: EXT. TENNIS COURTS
text: Angie, Motormouth, Grace and INJUN JOE, a big red-faced Sioux,
text: are playing chaotic doubles in motley tennis outfits.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: 7 LINOUNTALLIGE. CGh
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 81
scene_heading: EXT. CADDYSIACK
text: Maggie appraoches the caddyshack, sees no one around and goes in.
scene_heading: INT. CADDYSHACK
text: The room is dark except for the lights on the coke machine.
text: Maggie looks around trepidatiously.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Danny?
text: She hears a noise and turns around.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He's lying on a bench in the corner, hidden in the shadows.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (sitting up)
dialog: Hi, Mag.
text: Maggie opens the shutters on one window and light floods in.
text: Danny rubs his eyes as Maggie crosses to him and sits down.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I haven't seen you for days.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I'm in trouble.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Me, too. I'm late.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Late for what?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: For not being pregnant.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Oh -- oh God.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: But I don't hold you responsible, It's
dialog: my problem and I can handle it. But I
dialog: thought you should know about it.
dialog: (she cries)
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (puts his arm around her)
dialog: I can't let you go through this alone ---
dialog: whatever happens.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I'm going to have it. I've already
speaker_heading: decided. crvammppaoe JOE COR
dialog: 82
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Well, that's it then. We'll get married.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: You don't have to ---
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I know but I want to.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: No, you don't.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yes, I doa.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I don't want to get married, Danny.
speaker_heading: * DANNY
dialog: You're just saying that.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (losing patience)
dialog: Danny! It might not be yours!
text: Danny looks shocked, then suspicious.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I know you're lying.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: I'm not lying, Danny. There's
text: someone else.
text: Danny looks at her closely.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (still skeptical)
dialog: You gonna marry hin?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: No. %Z'11 do this alone.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (hugs her)
dialog: I know you're making this up about
dialog: another guy so I won't have to feel guilty.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (irked)
dialog: I'm not making it up!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (sincere)
dialog: ...but I'm going to marry you.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUVTALLIGE COG
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (storming out)
dialog: I don't want to marry you!
text: Danny sits there alone shaking his head. Lou the Caddymaster
text: steps out of his office. He heard it all.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: (kindly)
dialog: You're a good egg, Noonan. She needs you.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: Pick up that Kleenex.
scene_heading: EXT. THE EIGHTEENTH GREEN
text: A small gallery is watching Tony taking practice swings about
text: fifteen yards from the green. A cigarette dangles negligently
text: from his lips and he uses the nine iron like a Sicilian assassin
text: uses a knife, A crude banner reads -- "35th ANNJAL CADDY
scene_heading: TOURNAMENT ."'
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: About thirty yards farher from the green, Danny closes his
text: eyes for a moment to concentrate, then hits an awful flubber
text: that lands on the clubhouse roof and rolls down into a rain
text: gutter. Danny looks over at the gallery.
speaker_heading: THE GALLERY
text: Mr. Noonan scowls at Danny.
speaker_heading: TONY
text: He smiles at Danny then gets set to hit. He stabs his ball
text: and it arches right for the pin.
speaker_heading: THE GREEN
text: His ball hits a foot past the pin and one-hops right into the
text: hole. The gallery cheers and Joey comes running up with a big
text: gold trophy held high over his head. Tony takes his win with
text: superb greaser elegance. Danny walks off sullenly without
text: congratulating him.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - LATER
text: Mr. Noonan is getting into the station wagon, Danny stands by
text: the car, depressed.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUVTALLIGE COG
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 84
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN
dialog: (irate, in the
dialog: driver's seat)
dialog: Who the hell plays golf with their
dialog: eyes closed, anyway!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (mutters defensively)
dialog: I was being the ball.
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN
dialog: My son the golf ball! I'm getting
dialog: a little worried about you, buster.
text: He drives off in a cloud of blue exhaust.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SWIMMING POOL - LATER
text: TWO KIDS are pulling the arms of a Spiderman stretchable doll.
text: Other children are playing in the shallow end of the pool.
text: It's hot and the sun is beating down. A portable radio is
text: playing classical music. YOUNG MOTHERS and a few old retirees
text: are sunning themselves on cushioned lounge chairs.
speaker_heading: SPAULDING
text: He walks to the edge of the pool in swim fins and puts on a
text: nose plug, goggles and a snorkel. A toy sailboat buzzes
text: through the water pursued by giggling toddlers in swim rings.
text: Spaulding jumps into the pool smashing the toy boat. The
text: kids scream.
scene_heading: LIFEGUARD TOWER
text: GLENN, the Lifeguard, is shaving his leg. He sees the commotion
text: and blows his whistle.
scene_heading: YOUNG MOTHERS
text: They look up from their paperbacks as approaching DISCO MUSIC
text: drowns out the classical radio station.
scene_heading: TONY AND THE CADDIES
text: They march into the pool area with a triumphant Tony leading
text: them, Joey beside him with the trophy, disco music pounding
text: from a portable radio. The caddies race to the pool.
speaker_heading: GOOFY
dialog: Let's get wet!
text: He tries to vault over a lounge chair as he dives for the
text: water, but catches his foot in it. The chair goes into the
text: water with him.
scene_heading: LNOUNTMLLIGE. CGN CONTINTIEA
dialog: 85
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: TONY
text: He drops his rolled-up towel and his comb on a vacant chair
text: and strips off his T-shirt, revealing lots of muscles and
text: his “caddy tan": his arms, neck and face are very dark, but
text: his chest and upper arms are very pale. The other caddies
text: all have the same kind of tan.
speaker_heading: YOUNG MOTHER
text: She lifts her sunglasses and sniffs disapproval.
speaker_heading: THE POOL
text: The caddics splash happily in the pool, doing cannonballs,
text: front flips and jack knives, screaming. _Tony dives in and
dialog: surfaces.
speaker_heading: GOOFY
dialog: You better wear a bathin' cap,
dialog: Tony, ‘cause we don't want no
text: oil slick.
text: The caddies laugh. Tony grabs Goofy and shoves his head
text: under water.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey, Goofy, let's see if you can
dialog: stay under water for the rest of
dialog: your life.
speaker_heading: GRACE
text: She tucks her hair in her bathing cap as she walks by the
text: pool. Her gawky, skinny elegance is emphasized by her tank
text: suit and bathing cap.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Hey! Goony bird!
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (still drowning
dialog: Goofy)
dialog: Goony, you wanna get married?
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: My name is Grace!
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hail bathing suit, full of Grace!
text: She mounts the low board.
speaker_heading: MOTORMOUTH
dialog: (announcer)
dialog: And now for the talent part of the competition.
scene_heading: — (INOUITALLIOE.COKG
dialog: 86
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Grace, flustered, slips and makes an incredibly clumsy swan
dialog: dive.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (in mid-flight)
dialog: Shut up!
scene_heading: TONY AND GOOFY
text: Goofy fights his way to the surface.
speaker_heading: GOOFY
dialog: (gulping)
dialog: This isn't funny!
text: He goes back down.
speaker_heading: JOEY AND GRACE
text: Joey swims alongside Grace, mimicking her long-limbed strokes.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: Hey, Bigfoot -- don't trip inna water!
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: (fed up)
dialog: That's itl
text: Grace dives down, comes up with Joey's boxer shorts, and jumps
text: out of the pool. Joey scrambles out bareass and chases Grace
text: around the pool.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Gimme it, Goon! Gimme it!
speaker_heading: LIFEGUARD
text: He sees Joey and yells at him, the razor still in his hand.
speaker_heading: LIFEGUARD
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: You get your suit on!
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: You shave your ass!
speaker_heading: cuUT TO
speaker_heading: NASTY MOTHER
text: She's shocked at the rising commotion. ‘THE LIFEGUARD is
text: blowing his whistle insanely as the caddies play "keenaway"
text: with Joey's bathing suit. GOOFY, now hysterical, is screaming
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE CGM a
dialog: 
dialog: 87
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: and clawing at TONY, trying to pull his head out of the water.
text: Spaulding comes snorkeling past Angie who sticks his finger
text: in the snorkel. Spaulding comes up gasping for air.
text: INJUN JOE floats serenely in the pool. A BRATTY KID gives him
text: a dirty look.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: (war-hoop)
scene_heading: YAH-HAH-WEH-HEN! HOOP-HOOP!
text: The kid yells in fright.
speaker_heading: LACEY
text: Beautifully tan, wearing a tiny black bikini, she comes out
text: of the Women's Locker Room and walks the length of the nool.
text: The commotion ceases as the caddics spot her.
speaker_heading: TONY
text: He sits on the edge of the pool, dangling his feet in the water,
text: watching Lacey, who is reflected in his mirrored sunglasses.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He's sitting unnoticed on the edge of the patio area, alone and
text: depressed, watching Lacey at the pool as she climbs the
text: ladder to the high diving board.
speaker_heading: THE HIGH DIVE
text: Lacey steps out to the end of the board and prepares to dive.
text: The pool area goes totally silent. She springs off the board
text: and excecutes a beautiful swan dive. The caddies whistle and
text: cheer as Lacey swims the whole length underwater and pops
text: up at the shallow end between Tony D'Annunzio's legs. She
text: pulls Tony into the water and they wrestle playfully.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: His face falls about a mile and a half.
scene_heading: EXT. DOOR TO WOMEN'S LOCKER ROOM
text: The door flies open and Mrs. Smails marches out.
text: IN THE POOL the caddies are doing a wild parody of a water ballet.
scene_heading: LINOUVTMLSOE. COG CONTINUED
dialog: 88
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: TONY AND LACEY
text: Out of the water now, Tony is towelling off Lacey, who laughs and
text: wriggle as his hands roam freely under the towel.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He picks up his clubs and walks off completely destroyed.
speaker_heading: MRS. SMAILS
text: She storms right up to the pool and starts yelling at the caddies.
speaker_heading: GRACE AND JOEY
text: Grace is sitting on the edge of the pool unwrapping a Baby
text: Ruth. Joey tries to snatch it from her. They struggle.
speaker_heading: MRS. SMAILS
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Stop that! You two! All of you!
dialog: I want you out of that pool.
text: Joey and Grace freeze, After Mrs. Smails passes, Joey makes
text: a face behind her back, snatches the unwrapped Baby Ruth from
text: Grace and tosses it into the pool.
speaker_heading: MRS. SMAILS
text: She shouts at the caddies, but they are slow to respond. The
text: LIFEGUARD joins her, trying to look effective. A little girl’s
text: SCREAM causes them both to turn at once.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
text: She's in the pool pointing at the floating candy bar, screaming
text: hysterically.
speaker_heading: LITTLE GIRL
dialog: Doody!
text: The kids and caddies leap straight out of the pool as if a
dialog: shark were attacking.
speaker_heading: MRS. SMAILS
text: She's rushing around at poolside.
speaker_heading: MRS. SMAILS
dialog: Oh my God! Don't touch it!
scene_heading: LINOUVTMLSOE. COG _ CONTINUED
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: THE POOL
text: Spaulding's snorkel is seen sticking out of the water, heading
dialog: right for the candy bar.
speaker_heading: MRS. SMAILS (v.o.)
dialog: Spaulding! No!
text: The snorkel stops, Spaulding raises his head to surface level
text: and peers at the Baby Ruth through his goggles. Then he leaps
text: straight out of the water.
speaker_heading: SPAULDING
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Doody!
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY CLUB SWIMMING POOL - LATER
text: All the water has been drained out of the pool. Mr. and Mrs.
text: Smails are by the pool talking to a man in a white decontamination
text: suit. Under his arm is his protective hood. Smails is mopping
text: his sweaty brow in shirtsleeves. A loud generator/oump is
text: running attached to a hose.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: TI want the entire pool scrubbed,
text: sterilized and disinfected.
text: Another hooded DECONTAMINATOR comes up the ladder from the
text: floor of the pool. In his protective gauntlet is the Baby
text: Ruth. He takes off his mask/hood. He is dripping with sweat.
speaker_heading: WORKMAN
dialog: Here it is ~- no big deal.
text: He bites into the candy bar. Mrs. Smails faints.
speaker_heading: , CUT TO
scene_heading: INT. PHARMACY COUNTER
text: Danny catches the attention of a young Drug Clerk.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Can I have one of those pregnancy tests?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: You want the written or the oral?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: Just get it.
scene_heading: EXT. BUSHWOOD SNACK BAR
text: Danny goes up to the back door and Maggie hands him a little white
scene_heading: _ [LINOUNTMLLIGE CGM caneTNEn
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: paper bag.
scene_heading: INT. DANNY'S ROOM
text: Danny carefully sets up two test tubes in a little plastic
text: stand. Then he opens the white paper bag Maggie gave him
text: and takes out a small Snack Shop drink cuv with a snap-on
text: plastic lid. He opens the lid and makes a face as he pours
text: some yellow fluid into the second test tube. Then he drops
text: in a little tablet, looks at his clock and hides the whole
text: thing behind the curtains on the windowsill.
scene_heading: INT. HANGING FLYPAPER
text: The paper streamer is covered with 637 dead flies.
speaker_heading: RADIO (v.0.)
dialog: ...well, it's already ninety-nine
dialog: degrees and climbing! Humidity
dialog: eighty-seven percent with possible
text: thunder showers in the afternoon. .
dialog: 
speaker_heading: cuT TO
speaker_heading: THE CADDIES
text: They're sitting around hardly moving in the oppressive heat.
text: Listless cardplaying.
speaker_heading: RADIO (v.0.)
dialog: ...it's a real scorcher and I know
dialog: you kids are all out at the beach
dialog: today splashing in that cool-liscious
dialog: surf until party time! Hot one!
scene_heading: DANNY - INSIDE LOU'S OFFICE
text: He's hanging up the phone and writing down a message. There's
text: a small fan on, but it's even hotter in Lou's little cubicle
text: than in the rest of the caddyshack. Angie, the middle
text: D'Annunzio, comes up to the wire window.
speaker_heading: ANGIE
dialog: Noonan =- you wanna buy some hairdryers?
dialog: (Danny shakes
dialog: his head)
text: Tony comes in exhausted, sweat marking his T-shirt where the
text: bag straps have been pressing. He walks to the office's
text: wire window. and tosses his ticket on the counter.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTMLLIGE CGM
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (tosses the ticket
dialog: - back)
dialog: I can't pay you -- Lou has to.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (irratated)
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Chostile)
dialog: He's out.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (throws a
dialog: buck out)
dialog: -I know he's out, numb nuts -- gimme
dialog: a coke +
text: Damny gives him his coke and change.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey! That's only fifty cents.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Lou raised the price of cokes
dialog: ‘eause Smails won't let him
dialog: sell any more candy bars.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I'm not payin’ no fifty cents.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (taking back
dialog: the coke,
dialog: mocking him)
dialog: Then you're not gettin’ a coke.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You've had it, Noonan.
text: (he grabs the wire
dialog: window and tries
dialog: to rip it off)
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Watch it, jerk!
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Come outta there, Noonan.
dialog: (he tries the
dialog: door, it's locked)
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Bite it.
text: Lou walks in, Tony snaps to a casual pose and Danny
text: automatically opens the door to the office for Lou.
scene_heading: LNOMVTALLICE. COM CONTINUED
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Noonan, D'Annunzio, you got the
dialog: Bishop and the Havercamps. Move
dialog: it! They're waiting.
speaker_heading: TONY
text: He smiles dangerously, rattling the change in his pocket.
text: Danny comes out of Lou's office and Tony follows him out of
text: the caddyshack. Lou goes into his office and the other
text: caddies slip out to see the fight.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CADDY YARD
text: Tony and Danny walk to a far corner of the yard, followed
text: by the excited caddies.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (he takes out a
dialog: zippo lighter and
dialog: puts it in his fist)
dialog: Okay, Noonan -- who'd you say the
dialog: jerk was, jerk.
text: Joey snarls like a half-grown wolf.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Look, Tony, I don't want to
dialog: fight...
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (looking away)
dialog: Come on, Tony -- why don't we --
dialog: (Danny comes around
text: fast and punches
dialog: Tony in the mouth)
text: Tony is knocked off balance. He touches his mouth and sees
dialog: blood.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Oooh -- now you die.
text: He leaps on Danny like a tiger and Danny goes down hard.
text: They roll over but Tony comes up on top, pounding hin.
scene_heading: THE CADDYSHACK
text: Lou comes out, sees the fight, stops to pick up a piece of
text: paper, then rushes off to stop it.
scene_heading: LINOWATALLIGE. CORY CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: A FAIRWAY
dialog: 93
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: - LATER
text: Tony and Danny are each carrying two bags in the muggy heat.
text: Tony has a swollen lip and Danny has a black eye. The
text: Bishop walks ahead, just out of earshot.
dialog: Ne starts
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DANNY AND
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Did you screw Lacey?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Nothin' happened! She didn’t wanna
dialog: go to a show, she didn't wanna go
dialog: bowlin', she didn’t want a pizza --
dialog: nothin'! Don't get hung up on that
dialog: high-priced spread, man. She's just
dialog: yankin' your chain.
speaker_heading: ‘THE BISHOP
dialog: Can you sce my ball? This is the
dialog: longest drive I ever hit!
text: to trot ahead. Huge storm clouds are gathering behind
speaker_heading: TONY
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Did you screw her?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: Yeah.
text: Danny leaps on hin.
speaker_heading: THE GREEN
text: The Bishop comes up to the elevated green and sees his ball
text: resting just inches from the hole. He whoops with joy at a
dialog: great shot.
scene_heading: MRS. HAVERCAMP
dialog: You must've made a deal with the
dialog: Devil today, Bishop.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: (trembling
dialog: with excitement)
dialog: I could theoretically break the club
dialog: record. I can't believe it.
text: Storm clouds in the sky are getting darker and angrier.
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE CGM panera
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MR. HAVERCAMP
dialog: You'd better put in a good word with
dialog: the man upstairs if you don't want to
dialog: get rained out.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Well, I'm sure the Good Lord wouldn't
dialog: disrupt the...
dialog: (he looks up)
dialog: best game of my life.
dialog: there is a faint
dialog: rumble of thunder)
dialog: 
text: It starts to rain on his face.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: DANNY AND TONY
text: Tony is sitting on Danny again about to punch him when a
text: flash of lightning and a thunderclap distract them. They
text: look up at the sky then at each other. Tony helps Danny to his
text: feet, their conflict instantly forgotten.
text: Other golfers are starting to move toward shelter.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: THE SEVENTEENTH GREEN
text: A ball bounces past the hole, up an embankment, rolls back
text: down and zig-zaps into the cup as the WIND picks un.
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: THE BISHOP AND MRS. HAVERCAMP
text: They're both amazed.
scene_heading: MRS. HAVERCAMP
dialog: You have made a deal with the
dialog: devill
text: There's a flash of LIGHTNING and louder thunder.
scene_heading: THE EIGHTEENTH FAIRWAY - LATER
text: It's raining very hard now, and the wind is beginning to howl.
text: The Bishop lines up his shot under an umbrella while Danny and
text: Tony shiver in the rain. Everyone else is rumning for cover.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Uh -- Bishop Pickering, sir? Me and
dialog: Tony have to leave.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE CGM
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: Quit now? On the last hole? That's
dialog: funny!
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I ain't walkin' around with a bag
text: fulla lightning rods.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: No! One more hole!
text: Another FLASH. The caddies drop their bags and run off together.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: THE LAST FAIRWAY
text: It's getting very gothic on the hillock where the Bishop lines
text: up his final approach shot. He flubs his shot stupidly and
text: raises his club in anger.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Oh ratfarts!
text: A bolt of blue lightning streaks out of the sky and zans the
dialog: Bishop.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: EXT. NOONAN HOUSE - DINNERTIME
text: The rain is pouring down. A pile of undelivered newspapers
text: is turning to pulp in the driveway. Danny rides up on his bike.
scene_heading: INT. DANNY'S ROOM
text: He enters, dripping wet, and sees his three-year-old sister,
text: Sally, playing with the pregnancy test on the windowsill.
text: Sally has dropped bits of Play-Dough into the test tube and
text: is now dripping her orange juice into it. She knocks over the
text: test tube. Danny sees what's happening and tosses Sally off
dialog: the bed.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (yells)
dialog: Dammit!
text: Sally runs out of the room crying.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM
text: The whole family is at the table cating, but a real gloom
text: hangs over the scene. Danny can't even look at his father.
scene_heading: LINOUVTALLIGE COG CONTINUED —
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN
dialog: So, you've been lying all summer
dialog: about the scholarship and then
dialog: you go out and spend six hundred
dialog: dollars for clethes! I haven't spent
dialog: six hundred dollars for clothes total
dialog: in the last ten years. You must be
dialog: mental, for God's sake! When are you
dialog: going to grow up? By the time I was
dialog: twenty-one, I had a wife and a child ---
speaker_heading: MRS. NOONAN
dialog: You're talking to him, stupid.
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN
dialog: Don't call me stupid, stupid!
speaker_heading: MRS. NOONAN
dialog: You are a stupid!
text: Mr. Noonan pounds his fist on the table, accidentally flipping
text: his plate on the floor. The YOUNGEST DAUGHTER begins to cry.
text: DANNY throws his dishes to the floor and stands.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (eyes filling
dialog: with tears)
dialog: Shut up! Shut up!
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN
dialog: You little bastard!
dialog: {he swings
dialog: at him)
text: Danny takes a clip on the jaw and reels into a china cabinet.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: DANNY ON A BICYCLE - A FEW MINUTES LATER
text: He pedals away in a teary daze. ‘The rain has stopped and a
text: full moon is rising.
scene_heading: LINOUNTALLIGE. CGh
speaker_heading: 96 A
scene_heading: EXT. BUSHWOOD CLUBHOUSE - EVENING
text: A wedding reception is being held at the Club.
text: The grounds are attractively lit, a large white tent has
text: been set up on the lawn with bar and buffet. An orchestra
text: plays lovely music for two hundred guests in formal attire.
dialog: The Club never looked more beautiful.
scene_heading: THE PARKING LOT
text: Danny rides into the lot and takes a final toke on a joint
text: before extinguishing it. He walks his bike around toward the
text: back of the clubhouse.
scene_heading: INT. THE BALLROOM
text: Chuck Shick and Noble Noyes are the bride and groom, standing
text: in a receiving line with their families, grecting gucsts.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
text: He's at a table with Mrs. Smails, Spaulding and Lacey.
speaker_heading: THE BAR
text: Tony is bartending, working fast to handle the crush of serious
text: drinkers. Spaulding comes up to the bar.
speaker_heading: SPAULDING
dialog: Gimme a whiskey sour.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You got some I.D.?
speaker_heading: SPAULDING
dialog: You know who I aml .
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah - a squirt. No drinks.
text: Judge Smails comes up to the bar.
speaker_heading: SMATILS
dialog: Spaulding! Are you drinking?
speaker_heading: SPAULDING
dialog: {stomping off)
dialog: IT guess not.
scene_heading: Se LINOUNTALLIGE. CGh
dialog: 97
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: {to Tony)
dialog: A double scotch and water ~ and make it
dialog: snappy!
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yes sir.
dialog: (to another guest)
dialog: Another Rob Roy, Reverend?
text: The Bishop swivels around on his barstool.
text: He has a big streak of frizzled white hair up the middle
text: of his forehead a la "Bride of Frankenstein." He's wearing
text: a black suit and black clerical shirt with a clip-on bow
text: tie in place of a Roman collar. He looks like hell.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: (hostile)
dialog: You're drinking too much, your Excellency!
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: My name is Tred. I'm just a man -
dialog: same as you are.
speaker_heading: SMATLS
dialog: For God's sake, Fred! You're not a
dialog: man, you're a Bishop.
speaker_heading: BISIIOP
dialog: There is no God.
scene_heading: THE PRACTICE RANGE
text: Ty Webb is out there with his tuxedo jacket off, driving
text: golf balls into the full moon. Danny paces around anxiously.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: You know what I'd do if I were you -
dialog: Nothing.
dialog: (hits a ball)
dialog: Sometimes the only answer is to accept
dialog: what is as perfect -
dialog: (hits another ball)
dialog: The trick is to see the perfection of
dialog: things no matter how they appear on the
dialog: surface.
dialog: (hits another but it hooks badly)
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (picks up a club)
dialog: That's easy for you to say. You're 35 =
dialog: you'll be dead soon ~ but I'm gonna be
text: eighteen with a wife and a kid starting
text: out at the bottom of a lumberyard.
scene_heading: LINOUVTALLIGE COG CONTINUED
dialog: 98
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: He hits a vicious drive that really cracks off the tee.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Money isn't everything.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: (throws down the club and
dialog: walks away)
dialog: How would you know? You oughta
dialog: try being poor sometime!
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: You're not poor ~ you're lower middle
dialog: class. What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (calls)
dialog: I don't know - but I gotta do
dialog: something!
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT
text: Danny is speeding away on his bike when he collides with a
text: big Cadillac convertible and takes a spill. Czernak jumps
text: out of the car full of concern and heips him to his fect.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (slightly drunk)
dialog: You okay, kid?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Yeah, fine. I'm sorry -
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: {waves his hand)
dialog: Never apologize after an accident -
dialog: it could cost you big bucks in court.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: I don't have big bucks.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: No problem, You can sue me and
dialog: we'll split the take.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (confused)
dialog: I don't know -
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUVTALLIGE COG
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: I'm kidding, I'm kidding!
dialog: You're too serious, buddy.
dialog: Listen, life's a laugh. When I
dialog: was your age people were standing
dialog: in bread lines, the stockbrokers
text: were divin' out the windows and
dialog: you couldn't get a job if your
dialog: life depended on it. Did I care?
dialog: Not in the least. I learned quick -
dialog: if you want something take it.
dialog: Everybody who was ever anybody
dialog: did the same thing. Look at the
dialog: Indians, for Christ sake!
text: (he looks at Danny with
dialog: a puzzled expression)
dialog: What am I talkin’ about?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I'm not sure.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Then what the hell are we doin' out
dialog: here?
dialog: (slaps a twenty in
dialog: Danny's hand)
dialog: That oughta cover it.
text: He walks off toward the clubhouse. Danny gets back on his
text: bike just as Tony drives up in a battered Plymouth Duster
text: with Joey and Angie.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: T thought you were working.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Smails caught Angie stealin'’ bottles
dialog: and kicked us out.
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Going crazy.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Just the man we need!
dialog: Hop in.
dialog: (Danny hesitates)
dialog: Come on!
text: Danny makes up his mind to join them, stashes his bike in the
text: bushes, jumps in and they speed away.
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE CGM
dialog: 100
scene_heading: INT. THE DANCE FLOOR
text: Chuck and Noble are dancing. Smails cuts in and dances off
text: with Noble. Chuck asks Lacey to dance.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (slightly drunk)
dialog: You know, Lacey - this might've
dialog: been our night.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: I guess I blew it Chuck.
dialog: For her sake I hope you've been
text: boning up on foreplay.
text: Ty Webb appears, taps Chuck on the shoulder and takes Lacey
text: in his arms. Chuck wanders off.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Him, too - huh?
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: It's been a long summer.
dialog: You still playing with your putter?
text: He laughs and dances her toward the veranda.
scene_heading: DANNY - INSIDE TONY'S CAR
dialog: He's watching the neighborhood's change For the worse
text: alongside the Expressway as Tony speeds toward a huge full
text: moon looming over the towering skyscrapers in the distance.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: What happened to all the trees?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: They ran to the suburbs when the
text: niggers moved in.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Pass me that bottle.
scene_heading: EXT. THE EXPRESSWAY
text: Tony whips off an exit ramp and onto a city street that looks
text: like the Allies recently bombed it. Steam rises from the
text: manhole covers into the hottest, muggiest night of the year.
text: The streets are lined with tenement dwellers fanning themselves
text: on curbs and stoops. The car radio plays pure punk rock.
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE. CG
dialog: 101
scene_heading: EXT. THE CLUBHOUSE VERANDA
text: Ty and Lacey are sitting one out together.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: So you bo back to Philadelphia -
dialog: then what?
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: I don't know. I'm running out
dialog: of ways to shock my parents.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Why don't you stop trying?
dialog: Sometimes, when you just stop
dialog: everything comes to you.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: (neds)
dialog: Okay - I just stopped.
text: They look into each other's eyes for a long sincere moment,
text: then kiss softly.
scene_heading: INT. BALLROOM
text: Spaulding is guzzling the dregs of half-finished cocktails,
text: looking drunk. He downs half a martini, then looks in the
text: glass, fishes out a wet cigarette butt and turns green.
text: He runs off with his hand over his mouth.
scene_heading: FAMILY PORTRAIT
text: The wedding photographer finishes nosing the bride and groom
text: and their immediate families, then hurries back behind his
dialog: tripod.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER’s POV
text: Through his viewfinder, the family grouping comes into focus
text: and the picture is snapped catching Al Czernak ad he steps
text: into frame dressed in outlandish Liesure wear.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
text: He congratulates Chuck and Noble.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: ee — (ENOUTTALLIGE. COKG
dialog: 102
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (pulling a wad of bills
dialog: out of his pocket)
dialog: I didn't have time to buy a card -
dialog: (slips Chuck a few bills)
text: The bride's parents look shocked. Judge Smails rughes up
text: and grabs Czernak's arm. Mrs. Smails glower at his side.
speaker_heading: SMALLS
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: What are you doing here!
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (shrugs off Smails' hand)
dialog: Mr. Shnook have invited me.
text: starts to protest.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: You have worn out your welcome
dialog: at Bushwood, sir.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: Izzat so? Since when did you become
dialog: the Pope of this dump? L've been
dialog: watching you, Smails, and I think
dialog: you're a wrong guy.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: Dump? Bushwood a dump? Well, I guarantee
dialog: you'll never be a member here!
speaker_heading: CZERNARK
dialog: Member? Who said anything about being
dialog: a member of this tomb? Hell, I'm on the
dialog: board of four country ¢lubs already.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Join this crummy little snobatorium?
dialog: You gotta be kidding! The only reason
dialog: I come here is ‘cause maybe I should
dialog: buy it.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: (horror-struck)
dialog: B-buy Bushwood? You're insane?
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: Sure -- it's perfect for a mall --
dialog: I already got commitments from eleven
dialog: stores. My brother-in-law wants the
text: tenth hole for a used car lot.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUVTALLIGE COG
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 103
text: Smails lunges at Czernak.
speaker_heading: VERANDA -
speaker_heading: TY AND LACEY
text: They're dancing close. They kiss. A loud CRASH and a SCREAM
text: send them rushing back inside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM
text: Czernak and Smails are being pulled apart by MEMBERS near
text: an overturned table as TY rushes into the middle of the
dialog: fight.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: He tried to choke me!
dialog: You saw it !
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: He called me a baboon! He thinks
dialog: I'm his wife!
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: I'm calling the police.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: Call the chief of police. I
dialog: built his condo.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Look! there must be some way to settle
dialog: this like adults.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: You only gotta be twenty-one for a
dialog: gun permit.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: Now he's threatening me!
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: (steering them away)
dialog: Look, why don't you discuss this
dialog: in private?
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE CGM
dialog: 104
scene_heading: INT. CLUB OFFICE
text: The office is an intimate wood-and-leather sanctum decorated
text: entirely in golf motifs. Ty stands between the antagonists.
text: Beeper and RICHARD RICHARDS, the Club Manager, are there
text: backing up Smails.
speaker_heading: SMATLS
dialog: (angry)
dialog: I demand satisfaction.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: You want satisfaction? Okay. I'11
dialog: shoot you eighteen holes for ten
dialog: thousand dollars.
speaker_heading: SMATLS.
dialog: (caught off-guard; snorts)
dialog: T could beat you with one arm.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: Oh -- well, then a team match for
dialog: twenty -- you can have Doctor
dialog: Frankenputs, I'1l take Ty here.
text: They all turn to Ty. Ty starts.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Well, actually.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: C'mon, you're an ace -- everybody
dialog: says so.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: I don't like to play for money.
dialog: Against people...
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: C'mon guy -- is winning against
dialog: your religion or something?
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: I -- yes, I think it is.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Excuse me, Ty, might I have a
dialog: word with you. In private?
text: He takes his arm.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE CGM
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 105
scene_heading: SMAILS AND TY
text: Smails puts his head close to Ty's.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: Now, Ty, your father and I vrenpved
dialog: together, went to war together, golfed
dialog: together -- we built this very club,
dialog: he and I. This community is a fine
dialog: place to live, and we all hove that
dialog: someday soon you'll take the reins of
dialog: it, if you know what I mean.
dialog: Once you settle down a little, I think
dialog: you'll realize what his sort of element
dialog: can do.
text: Czernak wiggles his eyebrows at them From the other side of
dialog: the room.
dialog: Ty shakes
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Let's face it, son, there are some people
dialog: who simply do not belong.
dialog: Do you see what I'm getting at?
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: I think I do, sir.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: (slaps him on shoulder)
dialog: Good.
dialog: (to Czernak)
dialog: Mr. Czernak, Mr. Webb has something
dialog: to say to you.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: Yah? What?
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Let's make it twenty thousand.
text: Czernak's hand and Smails'face falls.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CLUBHOUSE LAWN
text: The guests run and point at the sky with delight as a helicovter
text: sets down on the lawn, warning lights twinkling and a'’Just Married”
text: sign on it.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: - "" wreguarMe ICE COG
dialog: 106
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: NOBLE AND CHUCK
text: She throws her arms around her father's neck.
speaker_heading: NOBLE
dialog: {excited)
dialog: Oh, Daddy! Neato!
dialog: Thank you!
dialog: (she kisses him)
text: She and Chuck start saying good-bye to family and friends
speaker_heading: TY AND LACKY
text: They stand with the guests who have formed a circle around
dialog: the helicopter.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: (impulsively)
dialog: Let's go.
text: He takes her hand, pulls her to the door of the helicopter
dialog: and they get in.
speaker_heading: THE HELICOPTER
text: The pilot shakes Ty's hand.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: Congratulations!
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Thanks.
text: Lacey laughs as the helicopter takes off.
scene_heading: NOBLE, CHUCK AND THE GUESTS
text: They watch it depart with confused looks on their faces. On
text: cue, a fireworks display starts to accompany the helicopter's
dialog: departure.
scene_heading: MAGGIE ~ IN HER ROOM - SAME NIGHT
text: She's wearing a long, white nightgown, looking out the window
text: at the helicopter and fireworks. She sighs resignedly, gets
text: up and exits her room.
speaker_heading: i OS IO EL IGE CGS
dialog: Luff
scene_heading: INT. THE HALL
text: Maggie walks a few steps to a bathroom door, opens it and
text: goes in. A few moments pass, then from behind the closed
text: door a delighted whoop is heard.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (from the bathroom}
dialog: I got it! I got it!
text: The toilet flushing is heard, then Maggic comes running out,
text: tremendously happy. Other maids in curlers stick their heads
text: out of their rooms and gabble as she streaks by.
scene_heading: EXT. MAINTENANCE YARD - SAME TIME
text: Something moves in the underbrush on the fringe of the
text: seventeen fairway. Sandy, the groundskeeper, crawls out on his
text: belly wearing a camouflage commando outfit and Scots military
dialog: tam left over from service in the Burma Campaign of 1943.
text: He cradles a carbine with a sniperscope in his arms. Scottish
text: military music accompanies him.
speaker_heading: A MOLE
text: It pops out of a hole on the fairway.
speaker_heading: SANDY
text: Without making a sound, he props himself un in the nrone firing
text: position and sights on the mole. Just then, Maggie dances across
text: the fairway like a fairy vision. He starts and the rifle goes off.
scene_heading: THE PARKING LOT - SAME TIME
text: The rear tires on a whole row of cars all go flat one after
text: another as the bullet tears through them. Dr. Beeper's Porshe
dialog: is the first to get it.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
text: She dances and leaps across the golf course, celebrating
text: everything. She streaks by some thick bushes, laughing.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE CGM
dialog: 108
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: THE BUSHES
text: A tipsy Woman Member stands up, her clothes undone and disarranged.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (to the bushes)
dialog: Did you see that?
text: An electronic BEEP is heard in reply.
scene_heading: THE SEVENTH GREEN
text: Maggie does a joyful, twirling jig around the Elagnole as the
text: full moon sets behind her.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DOCKS
text: A ship's horn blows as Danny, Tony, Angie and Joey walk stealthily
text: past a big freighter silhouetted against the night sky.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: (excited)
dialog: See? I.told ya. It's a Jap freighter.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Okay! Betamax!
speaker_heading: DANNY :
dialog: You mean we're really gonna steal
dialog: TV sets?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah - are you in this?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Sure. ...
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: you guys are insane,
speaker_heading: ANGIE
dialog: (tapving his skull)
dialog: Yeah, insane like a fox.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FREIGHTER - ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Two workmen close the back of a truck and walk away.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: KWOVTELLLOE. CORY
dialog: 
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ANGIE (v.0.)
dialog: That's the one! He said he'd leave
text: the keys on the floor.
text: Tony, Joey and Danny dash for the truck.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Angie! Meet us with the car in an
dialog: hour!
scene_heading: INT. THE CAB
text: The three boys climb in, Tony behind the wheel. Danny looks out.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Down!
speaker_heading: TWO GUARDS
text: They come around the corner training fiashlights on the trucks.
scene_heading: INT. THE CAB
text: Everybody's serunched under the dash as the light beams rake
text: the interior. They can barely stifle their hysterical laughing.
speaker_heading: JOEY
dialog: (scared whisper)
dialog: I bet they got pepperguns!
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (mimicking him)
dialog: I bet they got pepperguns!
speaker_heading: THE GUARDS
text: They turn another corner and disappear. Tony starts up the truck.
text: INSIDE THE TRUCK
text: Tony guns the engine.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (shifting gears)
dialog: Va-va-va-voom!
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: [LOUNTALLIGE. CONG
dialog: 110
speaker_heading: THE TRUCK
text: It jumps forward and runs its front tires over the dock edge.
speaker_heading: DANNY (v.c.)
dialog: Jesus, Tony! .
text: Tony reshifts the lever and puts it in reverse, but the whcels
text: spin ineffectually. They're stuck.
speaker_heading: cur TO
speaker_heading: THE TWO GUARDS
text: They hear the thumping and turn around to check on it.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: INT. THE CAB
text: The boys see the approaching guards and everyone but Tony
text: ducks under the dash.
speaker_heading: GUARD #2
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (aggressive)
dialog: What's going on? Whaddya goddam
dialog: thinks goin' on? I'm stuck --
dialog: where's your chain?
speaker_heading: GUARD £2
dialog: Chain? What chain?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: T'get outta here! You think
dialog: Mr. Ragotti wants trucks divin'
dialog: off his dock?
speaker_heading: cuUT TO
scene_heading: THE TRUCK - A LITTLE LATER
text: The first guard guns another truck and Tony's truck's whecls
text: bump back over the edge. The second guard releases the chain
text: and waves. Tony's truck backs into a pile of wooden flats.
speaker_heading: GUARD 32
dialog: Watch where you're goin'!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE CGM
dialog: 111
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: The other guard comes up and watches the truck blunder around,
text: gears grinding.
speaker_heading: GUARD #1
dialog: Hey, who's Mr. Rigotti?
speaker_heading: GUARD #2
dialog: Let's get the pepperguns!
speaker_heading: THE TRUCK
text: Tony speeds for a gate, down a row of parked vehicles and
text: cargo. The gate slides shuts automatically and Tony does a bad
text: 180° turn in the truck, wiping out a pile of crates marked
text: “PICTURE TUBES". The crates implode on impact.
speaker_heading: THE GUARDS
text: They jump into a Cushman mini-truck marked Security and speed
text: off in a pursuit.
speaker_heading: THE TRUCK
text: Tony speeds toward another gate.
speaker_heading: THE GUARDS
text: The two old codgers are acting like John Wayne. One leans
text: out and fires a shotgun blast at the fleeing truck.
speaker_heading: THE TRUCK
text: The shotgun blast blows away the stop sign as the truck crashes
text: through a wooden barrier and speeds off into the night.
scene_heading: EXT. A WAREHOUSE - 2:00 A.M.
text: UNGLE VINNIE, a dark dangerous looking mafioso in a suit, stands
text: at the back of the truck as Tony and Danny raise the tailgate.
text: THE BACK OF THE TRUCK
text: It's full of smashed boxes of fish -- about 10,000 pounds of it.
text: Two hundred pounds of it fall out onto Uncle Vinnie's new slacks
dialog: and $200 shoes.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: ee LINOUVTALLIGE COG
dialog: 112
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: UNCLE VINNIE
text: He looks down at his feet, then looks at Tony and takes the
text: toothpick out of his mouth.
scene_heading: EXT. A TRUCK LOADING DOCK - FAZIO'S FISH HOUSE, INC.
text: Danny and Joey watch from the truck cab as Tony waves goodbye
text: to a Man on the loading dock and hurries back to the truck.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: He buy any?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: It's his fish
text: (he shifts gears and speeds away)
scene_heading: EXT. THE EXPRESSWAY - LATER
text: The truck heads toward the green suburbs as the gloom of night
text: starts to lift.
scene_heading: THE LAKEFRONT - DAWN
text: The truck is parked on the shore pointing at the sun risinp,
text: out of the lake. Birds chirp. Twenty cats are sitting patiently
text: around the back of the truck.
speaker_heading: TONY (v.0.)
dialog: Why'd you do this tonight, Noonan?
dialog: (teasing him)
dialog: Collepe money?
scene_heading: INT. THE TRUCK
text: Tony and Danny are both laid back in their seats with their
text: eyes closed. Joey is asleep between them, leaning on Tony.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I'm not going to college
dialog: I need money now because I got
dialog: a nice girl pregnant.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: — ———aesisi‘“‘(‘(‘(‘éa ENO TLIC EGG
dialog: 113
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: Maggie.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (pointedly)
dialog: How do you know it was you?
text: Danny opens his eyes and leoks at Tony.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (hotly)
dialog: I guess I don't.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Do you want to marry her?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (very jealous and hostile)
dialog: You must have raped her.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (more emphatic)
dialog: Do you want to marry her!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: O£ course not! I'm eighteen
dialog: years old. I've never even been
dialog: to New York!
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Well relax, sonny. I been to New York.
dialog: I'm gonna marry her.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Are you kidding! I'd never let her
dialog: do that.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: What're you - her brother? She wants to,
dialog: Noonan. I want to.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (giving a little)
dialog: Does she love you, you think?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (blinks)
dialog: Noonan, who you talkin" to?
dialog: All girls love me.
dialog: (he starts the engine)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUNTALLIGE. CGS
dialog: 114
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (leans back)
dialog: All right - I accept.
text: Tony laughs and shifts pears.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Thanks. And if the kid looks like
dialog: you we'll mail it to ya'.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TRUCK
text: It backs up fast, scattering the cats and pulls out onto the
dialog: street.
scene_heading: EXT. SUBURBAN STREET - 6:45 A.M.
text: A POLICEMAN is writing a parking ticket at curbside. He looks
text: up at the sound of a TRUCK PASSING and gets hit by a fish.
scene_heading: EXT. BEEPER'S MATLBOX - 7:00 A.M.
text: Birds are singing as cool morning sunlight dapples the scale
text: model replica of Beeper's house. BOOM! the mailbox explodes.
text: We hear the truck pull away.
scene_heading: EXT. POOL AREA - A LITLE LATER
text: Spaulding comes out the door looking very hungover in his
text: mask and flippers. He runs toward the water, flippers flanping,
text: jumps, looks, and tries to stop in mid-air. He comes down in
text: 10,000 pounds of rotten fish floating in the swimming pool.
scene_heading: DANNY AND TONY
text: They come walking onto the first tee area looking vleasantly
text: wasted, carrying golfbags.
text: EXT, THE FIRST TEE
text: Beeper checks his watch impatiently and crosses to Judge Smails
text: who's standing with their caddies, Spaulding and Terry the Hippy.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: ee — LNOUATMALIGE COS
dialog: 115
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Lou Loomis, the Caddymaster, walks up. Smails squints distrustfully
text: at Tony and Danny.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: (to Lou)
dialog: Do they know the terms of this match?
dialog: Lou
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: These boys can be trusted, your Honor.
text: Tony, and Danny nod with excessive, phony sincerity.
text: A ear horn honking distracts them all.
scene_heading: CZERNAK'S CADILLAC
text: The car comes floating across the cours3 slaloming pine trees
text: and pulls right up to the first tee. Ty and Czernak get out.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: (running over)
dialog: You idiot!
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (boisterous)
dialog: Okay, okay, okay! Let's go,
dialog: let's go, let's go!
speaker_heading: LOU
text: Ne nods curtly to everyone and clears his throat.
speaker_heading: _ LOU
dialog: Gentlemen, we all know this is
dialog: illegal and against club practice, and
dialog: i'd like to ask at this time do you
dialog: gentlemen agree to waive all sanction
dialog: against said referee or anything that
dialog: might get me fired?
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: Agreed.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: (ods)
dialog: Fine. The match is for twenty thousand
dialog: dollars each, lowest individual score
text: wins the hole in regulation match play.
dialog: Cholding up fist)
dialog: I have a number of tees in my hand | --
dialog: Your Honor, odd or even?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUNTALLIGE. CGh
dialog: 116
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: SMALLS
dialog: Odd.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Clooks)
dialog: Odd it is. Your Honor, your honor.
text: Smails blinks at Lou and tees up.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (offering his hand)
dialog: Your Honor, I'm lookin' for a nice
text: elean, gentlemanly, above-board
dialog: match. And no farting.
speaker_heading: SMATILS
dialog: (addresses his ball)
dialog: Sir, you are beneath contempt,
dialog: beyond loathing and before the
dialog: monkey.
text: (swings and hits a beautiful
dialog: drive)
speaker_heading: BEEPER
text: He steps up to the tec.
speaker_heading: DR. BEEPER
dialog: Glove.
speaker_heading: CARL SHICK
dialog: (holding it like a surgical
dialog: nurse)
dialog: Glove,
speaker_heading: DR. BEEPER
text: (jamming his hand into
dialog: the glove)
dialog: Driver.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (hands it)
dialog: Driver.
text: Becper sets and hits a longer drive than Smails.
speaker_heading: SMAILS (v.o0.)
dialog: Good shot!
speaker_heading: TY
text: He cracks off the best shot of all and Czernak steps up.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUNTALLIGE. CGS
dialog: 117
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: {to Joey)
dialog: Coffee.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (handing it)
dialog: Watch it -- it's hot.
text: Czernak gulps down the boiling coffee, tosses away the cup
text: and tees off.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: Boom!....
dialog: (watching his ball)
dialog: Bum, ..dumb.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: EXT. THE SWAMP HOLE - A MOMENT LATER
text: Czernak's ball plops into the water. A turtle dives in after
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
speaker_heading: THE WOODS
text: Czernak and Tony are rummaging around the bushes.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: T could. sworn it went in here.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
speaker_heading: THE TURTLE
text: It drops Al's ball into its nest with six similiarly- shaped
dialog: turtle eggs.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK (v.o0.)
dialog: Hey, maybe it went in the hole!
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: INT. THE CADDYSHACK - LATER
text: GRACE is sitting by Lou's phone as MOTORMOUTH and GOOFY walk in.
text: She's writing a letter.
speaker_heading: MOTORMOUTH
dialog: Where's Lou?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUNTALLIGE CGE -
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 118
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: He told me to open up for him.
dialog: He's reffing a big money match --
dialog: it's a secret.
speaker_heading: MOTORMOUTH
dialog: (leaving)
dialog: Way to keep a secret!
speaker_heading: cUuT TO
scene_heading: INT. THE PRO SHOP - MUSIC
text: Smoke runs in as SAM is opening his morning mail. He gesticulates
text: toward the course. Sam takes out a wad of bills and slaps down
dialog: a hundred.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: EXT. THE TENNIS COURTS ~ MUSIC
text: The FUN COUPLES are playing and drinking mixed doubles as
text: Smoke and Sam go by calling to them. The FUN COUPLES toss
text: down their racquets and sprint after them.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: THE GOLF COURSE
text: Caddies and club members skulk through the bushes, heading
text: toward the match.
scene_heading: SANDY THE GROUNDSKEEPER
text: Me's on his knees stuffing something into a molehole.
text: The molehound digs frantically at the ground. Five feet
text: behind them, a mole stands watching them curiously. Caddies
text: and members pass by in the background.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
speaker_heading: TY
text: He drops a long, difficult uphill putr. A cheer is heard
text: from the bushes. The golfers look around but see no one.
speaker_heading: THE BUSHES
text: Grace has her hand clamped over Joey's mouth as they squat
text: out of sight with several members.
scene_heading: — NOUTELLIGE. CGS
dialog: 119
scene_heading: CZERNAK - THE SIXTH FAIRWAY
text: He lines up under the watchful eye of Spaulding, who is
text: jiggling his change nervously in his pocket.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: SPAULDING
dialog: (still jingling)
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: You -- jinglebells!
speaker_heading: SPAULDING
dialog: (noticing)
dialog: Ch.
dialog: (he stops)
text: Czernak takes a vicious swipe at the ball.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: Elephant's ass! High and stinky!
text: The ball drops straight down barely ten feet from where he
dialog: hit it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
speaker_heading: TY AND DANNY
text: They exchange doubtful looks.
speaker_heading: SMATLS
text: He hits a nice drive.
scene_heading: DR. BEEPER - A SANDTRAP
text: He blasts out beautifully.
speaker_heading: TY
text: He chips with incredible precision.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
text: He wings his 9 - iron mightily.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUNTALLIGE. CGS
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: - CZERNAR
dialog: Wup!
scene_heading: A TWELVE-POUND DIVOT - SLOW MOTION
text: The mass of turf spins in the air.
speaker_heading: SOME BUSHES
speaker_heading: MOTORMOUTH (v.o0.)
dialog: (golf announcer)
dialog: There she goes! The Czernak Excavation
dialog: Company has just broken ground for
text: an elephant bomb shelter.
speaker_heading: GOOFY (v.o.)
dialog: Now we'll have someplace to store
dialog: our elephant bombs.
text: They sneak off through the rough following a growing throng
dialog: of spectators.
scene_heading: THE BISHOP - NEAR THE SNACK SHOP
text: — He is strolling along laconically hitting a ball along with
text: a single club which he drags along in one hand.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: (singing softly)
dialog: Oh, I've seen fire an I've seen
dialog: ra~in...dee dah dah...
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: Psssst! Hey, Bishop!
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: (seeing no one)
dialog: Lord?
text: Smoke pops out of the bushes.
speaker_heading: SMOKE
dialog: No, it's me. They just finished the
dialog: ninth. Smails-Beeper are winning -
dialog: three up. New odds - four-to-one now.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: (doleful)
dialog: We're all going to lose in the end.
speaker_heading: SMOKE
dialog: (starts backing away)
dialog: Oh - yeah - that's right.
text: Che exits in a hurry)
scene_heading: LNOUNTMLLIGE. CGN
dialog: 121
scene_heading: THE SNACK SHOP
text: Ty and Czernak are at a table having a drink.
dialog: : AL
dialog: (miserable and drinking)
dialog: I don't understand it -- I'm
dialog: playing the worst game of my
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: I hope so, for your sake.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO
text: EXT. THE BACK DOOR OF THE SNACK SHOP
text: Danny knocks timidly at the door. Maggie appears.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Danny! You look terrible.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I stayed up all night -- with Tony
dialog: D‘Annunzio,
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (caught, blushing)
dialog: Oh, I did that a few times myself.
dialog: Charming, ain't he?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: You gonna be all right?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (hugs him)
dialog: You are sweet. Yes, I got my
dialog: period.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: That's good!
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: But don't tell Tony.
text: She kisses him before he can react.
speaker_heading: THE BUSHES
text: The gallery is getting too big to hide, but they still maintain
dialog: the fiction.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: LINOUNTMLLIGE COGS
dialog: 122
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: SMOKE
dialog: Fifty dollars says the Smails'
text: kid picks his nose.
scene_heading: CHARLIE THE COOK
dialog: Five dollars say he eat, too.
speaker_heading: INJUN JOE
dialog: You're on.
scene_heading: MRS. HAVERCAMP
dialog: (Looking in change purse)
dialog: Me, too.
speaker_heading: cUT TO
scene_heading: THE SNACK SHOP
text: Smails walks over to Ty's table and claps Czernak on the back.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: Well, Al -- ready to press on?
dialog: My boat needs exactly twenty
dialog: thousand dollars worth of rerairs.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: So does your brain. Wanna double it?
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: Fine. Forty thousand a piece.
speaker_heading: BEEPER
dialog: (panicking)
dialog: See here, Judge ---
text: Bepper's beeper suddenly goes off.
speaker_heading: BEEPER
dialog: That's my office --
dialog: (starts off)
dialog: I'd better go
speaker_heading: SMATLS
dialog: (grabbing him)
dialog: Oh no you don't -- you're in for
dialog: half of eight thousand.
speaker_heading: BEEPER
dialog: (slumping)
dialog: Probably just a routine emergency...
speaker_heading: MAGGIE AND TONY
text: Tony is lying on the grass under an oak tree. Maggie is sitting
text: beside him with a far-off look.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: Cf NOUWTALLIGE. EGG
dialog: 
dialog: 123
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MAGGTE
dialog: I hope Danny isn't hurt.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (affectionate)
dialog: You couldn't hurt that guy with a
dialog: stzam shovel, He's too dopey to be
dialog: hurt.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Is it all right if I still love
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: {sits up quick)
dialog: NO - it ain't all right.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
text: (laughs and grabs him)
dialog: Then I won't! I won't. I just
dialog: want to know he's happy.
text: Tony sees the golfers starting off again and runs to catch up.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Meet me at the 18th!
speaker_heading: THE TENTH TEE
text: In quick cuts, Smails, Beeper and Ty tee off nicely.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
text: He's concentrating really hard.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: C'mon baby...
text: He takes a tremendous swing, the ball rebounds off the tee
text: maker and bops him on the arm.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: Ow.
text: (he glances at his arm and decides
dialog: to make the most of it)
text: OOCOCOO0Owwwewww! I broke my arm!
text: Beeper examines his arm. Heads pop up in the bushes around
text: the tee and a quitt hubbub is heard.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE CGM
dialog: 125
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: BEEPER
dialog: Does this hurt?
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: Yeeeecessss! Aaaaarrggghh!
speaker_heading: BEEPER
text: Might be a fractured ulna.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: I can't move it. I guess the match
dialog: is a draw.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: Chotly)
dialog: Oh no you don't, Shernick! If you
dialog: don't play, you lose.
dialog: (to Lou)
dialog: Isn't that right?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: That's right, your honor -- unless
dialog: you want to allow him a substitute.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: Well -- all right -- Spaulding, you
text: play out Mr. Czernak's holes.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Actually, sir, I believe it is up
dialog: to us to select a new partner.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: (reluctant)
dialog: Oh. Well, who do you want?
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: I'll play with Danny Noonan here.
text: Smails sneers, Beeper laughs out loud.
text: Danny starts shaking his head, speechless.
speaker_heading: SMATLS
dialog: (boring into Danny)
dialog: Mr. Webb, Danny is an employee of the
dialog: elub. Ke can't work here and play at
dialog: the same time -- particularly in
dialog: something illegal like this.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE CGM
dialog: 126
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: That makes sense.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (lying on his back)
dialog: Kid -- if you win, you'll make out.
text: Danny looks at Smails who glowers forbiddingly.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (after a long pause)
dialog: I'll play.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: I guess you don't want that
dialog: Scholarship!
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I guess I don't, fuckface.
text: A cheer goes up from the bushes. Czernak takes Joey's bag
text: with his "good" arm and hefts it easily.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: Okay!
speaker_heading: CUT TO
speaker_heading: THE SPECTATORS
text: There are so many people watching now, they can't hide
text: themselves. They run low among the bushes and high grass.
speaker_heading: GATSBY
dialog: They're off again!
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Danny's gonna play! I'll bet a
dialog: dollar cighty-six!
text: The Bishop is swept along with the crowd, something stirring
text: in his soul.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: The hell with it!
dialog: Five hundred on the boy!
speaker_heading: CUT .TO
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: teeing off. Me holds his finishing pose, watching his shot
dialog: drop further than the others.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE CGM
dialog: 127
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: THE CROWD
dialog: Aaaaaaaaahhhh!
text: The players turn around and see some heads as they walk off
text: onto the fairway. The gallery skips along hiding only perfunctorily.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE
dialog: Danny hitting every conceivable kind of great golf shot,
text: walking through beautiful landscapes with a really winning
text: musical theme and growing gallery of excited spectators.
speaker_heading: TY
text: On the fifteenth fairway, he hits a crackling drive and downs
text: a flying crow.
speaker_heading: THE CROW
text: It squawks and plummets to the ground, flaps around for a while
text: and flies away.
dialog: Ty
text: Czernak comes up to him.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: Don't worry, ~- it's good luck.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: (freaked)
dialog: Yeah -- in Haiti.
text: He shakes his head and hits another shot.
speaker_heading: THE GREEN
text: His ball rolls over the green and into a sand trap.
speaker_heading: TY
text: He's on the green putting. He strokes the ball, it rolls to
text: the cup and somchow right over it without going in. Ty looks
text: at Danny and shrugs.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (confident)
dialog: It's okay. I think I got this hole.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUVTALLIGE COG
dialog: 128
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: MONTAGE GONTITNUES
text: Danny is still holding onto his game but looking increasingly
text: exausted. Ty's game is falling apart.
speaker_heading: EIGHTEENTH TEE
text: Ty is depressed by his poor play, Danny is concerned.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: I'm losing it Danny -- you'll have to
dialog: carry me.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (looking very heat)
dialog: I don't think I can make it.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: You just have to win this hole.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: I thought winning isn't important.
speaker_heading: _ TY
dialog: Me winning isn't - you do.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Great grammar. Earth to Ty -~-
dialog: Earth calling.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Sec your future, Danny. Be it.
dialog: Make it. I'm a veg.
text: Danny shakes his head and tees off.
scene_heading: THE EIGHTEEN GREEN
text: Danny is the last of the golfers to get to the green.
text: They all have difficult putts.
dialog: Lou
dialog: All even, gentlemen. Judge,
dialog: you're away.
speaker_heading: MOTORMOUTH
text: Like an announcer.
speaker_heading: MOTORMOUTH
dialog: Well, it's down to the wire and
dialog: you can cut the tension with a
dialog: tension -cutter.
scene_heading: LINO TAALIGE COS
dialog: 129
speaker_heading: SMAILS
text: He lines up his putt carefully.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: Spaulding! Give me the old Billy
dialog: Baroo.
text: Spaulding hands him a vintage wooden putter in a custom-made
text: felt cover. Smails strokes the club and coos to it.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: Come on, Billy -- Billyyy~-
dialog: Biiiillly----
text: He puts and it drops. He jumps up in the air.
speaker_heading: BEEPER
text: He's sprawled on the turf, nose in the grass, scuttling
text: around like a roach to line up his putt. He gets up, putts
text: and it drops. He giggles hysterically.
speaker_heading: TY
text: Shaking his head over Beeper's idiocy, he taps his ball
text: and misses. He turns to Danny.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: T£ you miss this we lose.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He looks at. a long downhill lie and gets ready to putt.
speaker_heading: CZERNAK
dialog: (loud)
dialog: Double or nothin’ he makes it--
dialog: Eighty-thousand bucks.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
dialog: (exhilarated)
dialog: You're on, buster!
text: Danny looks up and faints.
scene_heading: DANNY POV - LATER
text: He opens his eyes and looks up at trees and sky and clouds.
text: Birds chirp.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: ee [LINOUNTALLIGE CGM
dialog: 130
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (faintly)
dialog: What happencd?
text: Smails' face juts into frame.
speaker_heading: SMATLS
dialog: (mean)
dialog: We're waiting!
speaker_heading: THE GREEN
text: Smails and Beeper jerk Danny to his feet. He looks around
text: at the huge gallery now unashamedly circling the green.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Go, Noonan!
speaker_heading: THE GALLERY
text: Danny sees everyone he likes smiling at him. Tony and Maggie
text: holding hands, Lacey, Lou, Graec, the caddics, Smoke, the
text: Fun Couples, Czernak and the Bishop who is on his knees,
text: praying for Danny with bowed head.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He relaxes, steps up, putts, watches the ball roll right to
text: the lip of the cup and -- stop, The crowd groans
speaker_heading: THE CUP
text: Nothing seems to be holding up the ball but some quirk of
dialog: physics.
speaker_heading: THE GREEN
text: Smails is kissins his Billybaroo, Beeper is jumping up and
text: down like an obnoxious child, Ty and Czernak are forlorn.
text: Danny is frozen with disappointment.
speaker_heading: SPAULDING
dialog: taunting Danny)
dialog: You lose! You lose, you lose,
dialog: you lose!
speaker_heading: SANDY
text: Kneeling on the fourteenth fairway, he pushes the plunger on
text: a detonator. The fairway erupts and sinks like Atlantis.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: LINOUNTALLIGE. CGh
dialog: 
dialog: 131
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: BIRDS
text: fly from the trees in a riot of chirping.
speaker_heading: A BALLWASHER
text: It starts to vibrate.
speaker_heading: FLAGS
text: In three quick cuts, the flags on the fifteenth and seventeenth
text: greens start to oscillate powerfully.
scene_heading: EIGHTEENTH GREEN
text: Everyone looks nervous as the tremor passes.
speaker_heading: DANNY'S BALL
text: It drops.
speaker_heading: LOU
text: He nods officially.
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: It's a birdie.
text: A great cheer goes up from the crowd.
speaker_heading: PANDEMONIUM
dialog: Everybody kissing everybody.
speaker_heading: SMAILS
text: He takes his precious antique putter and slams it over his knee
text: with an audible crunch of a breaking legbone, does a take to the
text: CAMERA and goes down.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: THE FOURTEENTH GREEN
text: The whole thing has sunk like a moon crater, with the tip of
text: the flag peeking up out of the smoking hole. Sandy surveys
text: the scene in silent awe. A mole pops up behind him and looks
text: curiously at Sandy.
speaker_heading: cuT TO
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE CGM
dialog: 132
scene_heading: DANNY AND CZERNAK
text: They are being carried aloft by the hysterical crowd. Money
text: flies around.
speaker_heading: THE BISHOP
text: He's regained his faith.
speaker_heading: BISHOP
dialog: (congratulating God)
dialog: Attaboy!
speaker_heading: LOU AXD SMOKE
text: They're collecting a ton of cash and stuffing in their shirts.
scene_heading: SMAILS AND BEEPER
text: Beeper is cxamining Smails' leg as the Judge screams in agony.
speaker_heading: BEEPER
dialog: Does this hurt?
scene_heading: SMAILS - CLOSE UP
text: His expression is something several degrees beyond physical
text: pain. Reeper’s beeper beeps in his face. He grabs it, tries
text: to rip it off Beeper's belt but shreds his pants in the attempt.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He has an arm around both girls and is getting kissed like
text: heck as he's borne along, holding his putter. Grace plants
text: a big one on him, almost toppling the human juggernaut.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
speaker_heading: TY WEBB
text: He shakes hands with Scott and a couple of. stragglers and
text: watches the crowd recede, disapponted in himself.
scene_heading: TY - CLOSE UP
text: He looks after Danny, a little envious.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He turns and waves at Ty, beaming
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE. CG
speaker_heading: TY
text: He smiles and waves back. Then he takes some balls from his bag
text: and begins practising putts in his usual solitary manner.
text: Lacey Walks up and slips her arm through his.
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: Well you certainly blew it, didn't you.
dialog: I've lost all respect for you.
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Well, who could measure up to your
dialog: high moral standard?
speaker_heading: LACEY
dialog: Have we got a chance?
speaker_heading: TY
dialog: Yes, we couldn't possibly think less
dialog: of each other.
dialog: (they kiss)
scene_heading: a INT. THE NOONAN DINNER TABLE ~ LATER
text: Danny comes in with his clubs and sits down amid the noise
text: of ten other gobblers.
speaker_heading: KATHLEEN
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Mommy, tell Andy to stop pinching me!
speaker_heading: MRS. NOONAN (v.0.)
dialog: (from Kitchen)
dialog: Andy, stop pinching Kathy!
speaker_heading: ANDY
dialog: I'm not pinching!
speaker_heading: KATHLEEN
dialog: He is too pinching...on my bum!
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN
text: He's been hiding in his franks and beans, but looks up to
text: see DANNY enter.
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN
dialog: (to his franks and beans)
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE CGM
dialog: 133
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (to the wall)
dialog: Hi.
text: Mr. Noonan wants to apologize but he doesn't know how.
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN
dialog: Glad you're home.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Me, too.
text: There is an uncomfortable silence for a moment Mr. Noonan
text: clears his throat.
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN
dialog: (with affection)
dialog: You get out today, Mr. Flunkoff?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: (sitting down)
dialog: Uh-huh. One loop.
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN
dialog: Doubles?
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Single.
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN
dialog: Well?
text: Danny looks up.
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN
dialog: Cough it up, buster.
dialog: How much?
text: Danny reaches into his shirt and pulls out $ 100 bill and lays
text: it on the table.
speaker_heading: MR. NOONAN
text: His eyes bug out.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: A hundred....
text: He keeps pulling C-notes from all his pockets.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: ....two hundred...three hundred...
dialog: that's six --seven hundred....
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
scene_heading: _ fNOMMVTALLIGE. CGkG
dialog: 134
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: THE NOONAN KIDS
text: They are stunned. MRS. NOONAN comes in with a steaming bowl
text: of broccoli.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: ....two thousand....three thousand....
text: She drops the bowl.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: DANNY'S NEIGHBORHOOD - HIGH AERIAL
speaker_heading: DANNY (v.0.)
dialog: Let's see -- uh -- twelve thousand
dialog: --an' those are all G-notes....uh
dialog: so that's twenny-three thousand...
dialog: twenny-four...I got some quarters
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: THE SKY
text: A jumbo jet roars through the frame.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: THE AIRPORT - DANNY AND HIS FAMILY - AUTUMN DAY
text: Wearing a shorter haircut,tie, shined shocs and carrying
text: suitcases, Danny is hugging and kissing each of his family
text: members. His tearful, proud mother hugs him.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: Flight number forty-two for Omaha,
text: Nebraska, now boarding at Gate
text: forty-six.
text: Danny breaks free and walks outside to his plane. He looks
text: back to see a PRETTY GIRL going through another gate marked
scene_heading: "AIR JAMAICA".
speaker_heading: GIRL
text: She smiles at Danny, making a face of disappointment that
dialog: they are going two different ways.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He does the same.
scene_heading: [LINOUNTALLIGE CGM
dialog: 135
scene_heading: THE OBSERVATION WINDOW
text: All the Noonan's are yelling and waving and jostling the other
dialog: observers.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He waves back. He glances at the girl.
speaker_heading: GIRL
text: Her line starts to move out her plane. She has a GOLF BAG
text: with her. She looks back at Danny.
speaker_heading: DANNY
text: He looks at her, hypnotized.
scene_heading: MASTER OF BOTH PLANES QUEUES
text: Danny breaks and trots over to the Air Jamaica line.
text: The PRETTY GIRL is just about to pick up her golf bag when
text: Danny grabs it and slings it easily over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: DANNY
dialog: Let me show you how it's done.
text: They go up the steps together, talking and laughing as they
text: board the airplane.
speaker_heading: THE END
scene_heading: LINQUYTALLIGECGDG
dialog: 
