speaker_heading: "THE BIJOU"
scene_heading: ("THE MAJESTIC")
dialog: by
dialog: Michael Sloane
speaker_heading: REVISED DRAFT
dialog: October 14, 1997
dialog: 
dialog: "...the magic is all around you.
dialog: All the time. Everywhere.
dialog: In every thing.
dialog: The trick... is to see it."
text: IN BLACK...
text: ...the insistent, persistent, eight-to-the-bar beat of BOOGIE-
text: WOOGIE. Hot, exciting, pulsating rhythm, ramping up.
dialog: THEN...
text: ...in the blackness, falling s-l-o-w-l-y, tumbling g-e-n-t-l-
dialog: y, a picture-postcard:
text: "GREETINGS FROM HOLLYWOOD!"
text: Then another... and another, each one dropping through frame,
text: a gentle rain.
text: In these old postcards, Hollywood is a dream town where movie
text: stars glide out of big cars to press their hands and
text: footprints in the wet cement.
scene_heading: ANOTHER POSTCARD:
text: "I'M MEETING THE STARS AT HOLLYWOOD & VINE!"
dialog: In this postcard myth, you'd toddle down to Hollywood and
text: Vine, bump into Bogie and Bacall, and join them for dinner
dialog: at the Brown Derby. Or Ciro's. Or the Coconut Grove...
text: More postcards. Pictures of movie theaters, but not the ones
dialog: that you and I know today. These are palaces. Temples.
text: Grauman's Chinese and Egyptian. The Carthay Circle. The
dialog: Paramount, the Million Dollar. From a time when moviegoing
dialog: was a complete experience, not a trip to the local mall. The
text: ushers were friendly and helpful and wore gold brocaded
dialog: jackets and guided you to your seat. The popcorn was hot and
text: fresh and buttered with real butter, not 30-weight motor
dialog: oil.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: THE PILE OF POSTCARDS
text: a wild jumble. Then, one LAST POSTCARD drops lazily on top
text: of the pile. It's a view of Hollywood at night, a carpet of
text: lights under the yawning, protective smile of Mt. Lee's most
text: famous resident, the fully-lit HOLLYWOOD SIGN. We PUSH INTO
text: THE PICTURE OF THE SIGN, DISSOLVING UNTIL WE'RE...
text: ...PUSHING INTO THE REAL HOLLYWOOD SIGN, closer and closer,
text: until we fly right through it -- then crazily loop up and
text: behind it until we're looking down at...
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD (AERIAL VIEW) - NIGHT
speaker_heading: SUPER TITLE: 1951
text: A gigantic aerial shot. Postwar autos fill the muggy midsummer
text: evening air with the sounds of thousands of HONKING HORNS, a
text: mere precursor to the traffic yet to come. Darkened outlying
text: neighborhoods are evidence of the postwar home construction
text: boom, as scores of stucco bungalows are being built in the
text: areas surrounding the beating heart of the town, a swath of
text: garishly bright concrete called
scene_heading: HOLLYWOOD BOULEVARD.
speaker_heading: PETE'S NARRATION (V.O.)
dialog: Of course, it's not like the postcards
dialog: say it is. This is what it's like.
dialog: I'm Pete Appleton, and this is my
dialog: town.
text: Still in the same shot, we rocket down into the center of
text: the intersection of Hollywood and Vine, then head west along
text: the boulevard, skimming just above the traffic -- past Musso
text: and Frank's Grill and the Hollywood Canteen, past the Egyptian
text: Theater and a rumbling Pacific Electric Red Car, across
text: Highland Avenue, past the Paramount Theater, and across the
dialog: street to
scene_heading: GRAUMAN'S CHINESE THEATER.
speaker_heading: PETE'S NARRATION (V.O.)
dialog: Born and raised here, thank you very
dialog: much. Sometimes, it seems like
dialog: everyone here is from somewhere else.
dialog: But everyone loves the movies, so
dialog: Hollywood is everyone's town, and
dialog: they come here by the busload. To
dialog: them, Grauman's Chinese Theater is
dialog: just about the most exciting place
dialog: on the planet. To me, it's the theater
dialog: that's playing "The African Queen."
text: And like the man said, the film on the marquee is "THE AFRICAN
text: QUEEN." Still the same shot, buses disgorge TOURISTS, who
text: move into the forecourt of the theater. The MEN doff their
text: hats and mop their brows. The WOMEN pull their blouses away
text: from their chests, fanning themselves with movie-star maps
text: as they marvel at the signed cement blocks.
text: We MOVE AMONG THEM, until we pick up A COUPLE, and we stay
text: behind them as they work their way through the crowd, on
dialog: their way to
scene_heading: THE THEATER ENTRANCE,
text: where an ornately attired DOORMAN smiles and tears their
dialog: tickets.
speaker_heading: DOORMAN
dialog: Newsreel's just starting, folks.
speaker_heading: PETE'S NARRATION (V.O.)
dialog: That's me and my girlfriend. Her
dialog: name is Sandra Sinclair, and this is
dialog: her town, too -- she's from Cleveland.
dialog: She came out here to be an actress,
dialog: and that's just what she's doing.
dialog: The first picture I ever wrote, a
dialog: little potboiler called "Sand Pirates
dialog: of the Sahara." Okay, it ain't
dialog: "Citizen Kane," but you gotta start
dialog: somewhere.
text: MOVING INTO THE LOBBY
text: an explosion of glitz mixed with Chinese myth and legend.
text: Everywhere you look, it's red and orange and plush carpeting
text: and golden light. We MOVE THROUGH the lobby, still in the
text: same shot, still tracking the couple, heading for the
text: auditorium doors, which are swept open by two ramrod-erect
dialog: USHERS and we move into
text: THE DARKENED THEATER.
text: As the couple, Pete and Sandra, find seats, we HEAR the
text: soundtrack of the film before we see the screen, the
text: unmistakable strains of a march, and then -- still in the
text: same shot -- we see the screen...
text: A NEWSREEL.
text: As the march SWELLS to a crescendo, we HEAR THE NEWSREEL
scene_heading: ANNOUNCER'S SONOROUS VOICE:
speaker_heading: NEWSREEL ANNOUNCER
dialog: Bringing the news of the world to
dialog: you!
text: Over a newsreel shot of a packed Congressional Committee
text: Hearing Room, a title blares "HOLLYWOOD REDS GO TO JAIL!"
speaker_heading: NEWSREEL ANNOUNCER
dialog: Four years ago, in one of filmland's
dialog: darkest hours, ten men, the so-called
dialog: "Hollywood Ten," were called to
dialog: testify before the House Committee
dialog: of Un-American Activities,
dialog: investigating the proliferation of
text: the dreaded Red Menace in Hollywood.
text: We see several shots of WITNESSES engaged in heated verbal
dialog: battles with congressmen, especially Committee Chairman T.
text: JOHNSTON DOYLE and the Majority Counsel, ELVIN CLYDE.
speaker_heading: NEWSREEL ANNOUNCER
dialog: Refusing to answer the lawmaker's
text: questions, cowering behind the Fifth
dialog: Amendment's protection against self-
dialog: incrimination, the ten motion picture
dialog: writers dared Congress to come after
dialog: them. Well, come after them they
dialog: did! And after years of court
dialog: wrangling, it's now time to pay the
dialog: piper!
text: Over shots of several of the "Hollywood Ten" being led to
text: jail in handcuffs, the newsreel narration continues.
speaker_heading: NEWSREEL ANNOUNCER
dialog: And so, it's off to jail, the charge:
dialog: Contempt of Congress! This should
dialog: give you fellas something to write
dialog: about now! A new round of
dialog: investigations begins this fall, the
dialog: mandate: Get the reds out of
dialog: Hollywood!
text: In the audience, one man YELLS "Lock up the commie bastards!,"
text: and a few others cheer and laugh. As the newsreel moves on
dialog: to a somewhat more innocuous subject, we
text: WHEEL AROUND AND...
scene_heading: ENDFRAME ON PETE APPLETON AND SANDRA SINCLAIR.
dialog: Pete's a handsome fellow in his 30s, and Sandra's a starlet
text: pretty girl in her mid-20s. As she rummages in her purse,
text: Pete watches the newsreel.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Pete, there's time before the picture
dialog: starts, you want to get some popcorn?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: You bet, honey.
text: Pete kisses Sandra on the cheek, then stands and sprints up
text: the aisle to the concession stand, a big unworried grin on
text: his face.
speaker_heading: PETE'S NARRATION (V.O.)
dialog: We were young, we were in love, and
dialog: we were working in pictures. Life...
dialog: was good.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. UNITED PICTURES STUDIOS - MAIN GATE - MORNING
text: Pete pulls up to the guard kiosk in his spiffy yellow
text: convertible Plymouth. The Guard, RAY, steps out to meet him.
text: Pete lights up a cigarette. We get a better sense of him
text: now. Though earnest, he's jocular, and a bit of a fast talker.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (very chipper)
dialog: Mornin', Ray. Whaddya know whaddya
dialog: say? Me and Sandra caught "The African
dialog: Queen" at the Chinese last night.
dialog: Great picture, great picture.
text: Ray is nonplussed. Tips his hat. Regards Pete suspiciously.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Mr. Appleton.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: What's with this "Mr. Appleton" crap?
dialog: Your boss hiding in there?
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: You're clear to go in.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: What's that mean?
text: Ray heads back to his kiosk, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: RAY
dialog: Have a pleasant day.
text: Pete, covering his worry well, drives onto the lot.
scene_heading: EXT. UNITED PICTURES STUDIOS - WRITER'S BUILDING - MORNING
text: Pete pulls up, hops out, grinds out his cigarette, looks
text: around and goes inside.
scene_heading: INT. WRITER'S BUILDING HALLWAY - MORNING
text: Pete comes down the hall a few steps, stops. Something's
text: wrong. It's awfully quiet. He pokes his head into the door
text: marked "TYPING POOL."
scene_heading: INT. TYPING POOL - MORNING
text: A sea of black Underwoods -- all silent. The lights in the
text: room are off, and hard shafts of morning sun stream in through
text: the windows. One typists, LOUISE, is going from machine to
text: machine, pulling covers over them.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Louise... what gives?
text: She looks up, startled.
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: Oh Pete... they, uh, they gave
dialog: everybody the day off... while they
dialog: sort things out.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Sort what out? Are my pages done?
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: They took 'em.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: They took 'em? Who took 'em? Louise,
dialog: what's going on...
speaker_heading: LOUISE
dialog: Pete, I'm not even supposed to be
dialog: talking to you...
text: She rushes past him. Pete doesn't quite know what to think.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Good morning, Peter.
text: Pete turns. The voice belongs to Pete's agent, LEO KUBELSKY,
text: a rotund man in his fifties. He wears a perfectly tailored
dialog: silk suit.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Leo... what's going on?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STUDIO STREET - DAY
text: FROM FAR AWAY, we watch as Leo and Pete come out of the
text: Writer's Building and join a flood of DRESS EXTRAS, all done
text: up in Puritan pilgrim garb and heading for the commissary.
text: As they move through the mob and emerge on the other side,
text: it's clear that Pete is reeling from something he's just
dialog: been told.
speaker_heading: PETE AND LEO
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Peter, their hands are tied. You see
dialog: that, don't you?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I... I don't believe this.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Are you saying it's a mistake, that
dialog: you didn't go to any meetings? They
dialog: say you did.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Who the hell is this "they?"
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Congress, the FBI, Red Channels, it
dialog: don't matter who the hell "they" is.
dialog: "They" know who "they" are, that's
dialog: all that matters.
dialog: (deliberately)
dialog: Now, did you go to any meetings?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (on the spot)
dialog: No. Yeah... I... I don't know. Maybe
dialog: I did. Leo, this was before Pearl
dialog: Harbor. I was in college. It was a
dialog: bunch of kids, and I was just one of
dialog: 'em. I didn't believe in what they
dialog: were saying. Hell, I didn't even
dialog: know what they were saying!
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: So, you're saying that it's true.
dialog: You went to a meeting of a known
dialog: communist organization.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Leo, I was trying to impress a skirt.
dialog: You know me, I'm non-political.
dialog: Republican, Democrat, Communist,
dialog: there's not a dime's worth of
dialog: difference between 'em anyway.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: You should watch what you say.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I don't know who fingered me, but
dialog: I'm not a communist!
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Kid, that cuts no ice with them.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: What? That I'm accused of being a
dialog: communist when I don't happen to be
dialog: one?
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: They know you were at that meeting,
dialog: Peter. They've been told, and they
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Leo, you're my agent. Tell "them" to
dialog: take a flyin' piss. I didn't do
dialog: anything wrong. I fought in the war,
dialog: for crissakes!
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Fought? Come on, Pete, you ran the
text: PX at Fort Dix.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I was decorated.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: I know. A Purple Heart.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Exactly.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: You broke your arm. You were coming
dialog: out of a bar. You were drunk.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: At least I was on our side! Look,
dialog: they want me to testify? I'll testify.
dialog: I'll tell 'em anything they want to
dialog: hear! Jesus, Leo, this is my career!
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: You can't testify.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Why not?
text: Leo takes a gold cigarette care from his breast pocket, offers
text: a cigarette to Pete and takes one for himself.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Don't take this personally, kid. If
dialog: it were up to me, I'd have you testify
dialog: wearing your uniform and your medal,
text: wrapped in a flag with one hand on
dialog: your heart and the other hand on a
dialog: bible. What can I say? I like you.
text: Leo lights Pete's cigarette and his own. Puts a fatherly
text: hand on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: They don't want you to testify because
dialog: you're not a big enough fish for
dialog: them. They just don't want you writing
dialog: pictures for now. That's all.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Yeah, well, that's enough.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Peter, I believe in you. More to the
dialog: point, I read your new script...
dialog: um...
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: "Ashes To Ashes?"
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: That's the one, "Ashes To Ashes." I
dialog: think it's great. But it'll never
dialog: get made with this communist business
dialog: hanging over your head. You can't
dialog: work until you're cleared -- and
dialog: believe me, starting right now, I'm
dialog: gonna do everything I can to make
dialog: that happen.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: So, it is a blacklist.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: (defensive)
dialog: Don't say that. There is no such
dialog: thing as a blacklist.
dialog: (calm)
dialog: Now, are you gonna play ball?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (sullenly)
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (then, pissed)
dialog: Leo, goddammit... this isn't fair!
text: Leo blows out a thin stream of smoke.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: (hand on Pete's
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: Kid, this is the United States
dialog: Government we're talkin' about. Fair
dialog: ain't the point.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WRITER'S BUILDING/PETE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Prominent on the wall is a framed "SAND PIRATES OF THE SAHARA"
text: poster. Pete reaches up and takes it down. He leans it up
text: against the desk, then sits heavily in the wooden swivel
text: chair. He swivels around to see
scene_heading: STUDIO SECURITY GUARD
text: standing by the door. He's watching Pete's every move.
text: Two boxes sit on the desk, partially packed with Pete's
text: belongings. Pete lights a cigarette and opens the lower desk
text: drawer. He pulls out a stack of scripts and sets them on the
text: desk. He looks at the cover of the first one:
text: "SAND PIRATES OF THE SAHARA"
dialog: By Peter Appleton
dialog: A United Pictures Production
dialog: February 19, 1951
text: Pete shuffles the scripts and looks at the cover of the second
dialog: one:
dialog: "ASHES TO ASHES"
dialog: By Peter Appleton
text: He jams the scripts into one box and turns to the other box,
text: which contains somewhat more personal items. A ragged gold
text: pillow with tassels. Legal pads of notes. An old tin-toy
text: fire truck, its bright red paint chipped and worn. He turns
text: it around in his hands.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (musing)
dialog: Huh. Red...
text: Footsteps approach, and Pete swivels toward the door.
speaker_heading: SANDRA (O.S.)
dialog: Pete? Pete...?
text: Sandra appears in the doorway. She's in costume -- a Louis
text: XIV courtier. She bustles past the Guard, rushes to Pete and
text: embraces him.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: Oh, Pete...
text: They kiss. The Guard watches their every move.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: What exactly did you hear?
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: That you got let go.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I wasn't alone. Wasn't Frankie Ruskin
dialog: directing the picture you're in?
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: He was, but he got sick. We got a
dialog: new director today. Why?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Well, whatever Frankie's got, it's
dialog: catching.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: You mean, he was... let go, too?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (sotto, an appeal)
dialog: They're saying I'm a communist, Sandy.
dialog: But I'm not, you know that. I'm gonna
dialog: fight 'em, and I'm gonna win, but
dialog: I'll need your help.
text: During this last, Sandra has been ever-so-slightly pulling
text: away from Pete.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: A lot of good people are being accused
dialog: of things they didn't do. Hell, even
dialog: if I was a communist, this is America,
dialog: goddammit, a person should be able
dialog: to be whatever they want to be!
dialog: Right?
text: Sandra glances at the Guard, who is watching everything.
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Of course, but I... I don't know how
dialog: I... how much help I can be to you.
dialog: This is the sort of thing... someone
dialog: saying you're a communist... it can
dialog: ruin your career.
text: Pete sees where this is going. She's edging toward the door.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Will you help me, Sandy?
speaker_heading: SANDRA
dialog: I'll have to think about this. I
dialog: have to get back... I should go...
text: And she's out the door and gone in the blink of an eye.
text: Pete looks at the Guard.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: So nice to be a pariah.
text: The Guard turns away. Pete moves back toward the boxes.
text: Rummaging again, he comes up with a bottle of Jack Daniels
text: with barely one swig left. He regards the bottle for a moment,
text: looks to see if the Guard is watching (he isn't), pops the
text: cork, puts it to his lips and drains it. He looks at it
dialog: thoughtfully as we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A HALF-FULL BOTTLE OF JACK DANIELS setting down on a bartop.
speaker_heading: WIDER
scene_heading: INT. THE FROLIC ROOM - NIGHT
text: The bottle is in front of Pete, who sits at the bar, quietly
text: getting stewed. The Frolic Room is a classic Hollywood dive,
text: dimly lit and full of character and characters. It's a quiet
text: night and getting quieter, as several PATRONS are just
text: leaving, waving goodbye to the bartender, JERRY, early 40s.
text: Jerry turns to Pete, eyes him suspiciously from the end of
text: the bar. Pete picks up the bottle and pours another shot.
dialog: Good boy, he got most of it in the glass.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Pete. You think maybe you've had
dialog: enough?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Bought the bottle, didn't I?
dialog: (raises the shot)
dialog: To the United States of America.
dialog: Long my she wave.
text: He knocks it back and Jerry pours him another.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (trying to light a
dialog: smoke)
dialog: Thanks, Jerry. Tell me something.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: What.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: You tight with J. Edgar Hoover?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (helps Pete light his
dialog: cigarette)
dialog: The G-man?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (thickly)
dialog: Zackly.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Pete, if J. Edgar Hoover walked in
dialog: here wearing a dress, I wouldn't
dialog: know him.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Too bad. He says I'm a communist.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (glancing around)
dialog: You should watch what you say. You
dialog: don't know who's listening.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: You know I'm not a communist, don't
dialog: you, Jer?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Sure, I suppose. That why you're on
dialog: a bender?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: This is not a bender yet. This is
text: the start of a bender. But I can see
dialog: how you were confused, they look a
dialog: lot alike.
text: Pete drains his shotglass, puts it back on the bar. He watches
text: Jerry, who is not about to refill it. Pete reaches for the
text: bottle, but Jerry is faster.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Pete... go home. Come on, I'll call
dialog: that girlfriend of yours, what's her
dialog: name... Sandy?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Sandra Sinclair.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Gimmee her number, I'll have her
dialog: pick you up.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Sandra Sinclair. Wanna know her real
dialog: name? Bella Iskowitz. No one's who
dialog: they really are, Jer. Everyone's
dialog: someone else. Even you. Even me.
dialog: Especially me. I'm Peter Appleton,
dialog: the communist who's not really a
dialog: communist.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I wanna close up soon. C'mon, let's
dialog: call her.
text: Peter stands, stubs out his smoke, drops a few crumpled bills
text: on the bar and grabs his hat.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Nope. Can't. We're through.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Then I'll call you a cab.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I'll save you the trouble.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm a cab. There. Did it myself.
text: Pete's preoccupied with putting on his hat and getting his
text: car keys out of his coat pocket, a daunting task in his
dialog: condition.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: 'Sides, car's right outside. I'll be
dialog: seein' ya, Jer.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Pete...
text: And he's out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. FROLIC ROOM - NIGHT
text: Pete takes a few steps, stumbles, stops, takes a deep breath,
text: then totters briskly towards his car. He hauls the door open
text: and sits inside heavily.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. PETE'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Sitting slumped against the steering wheel, Pete looks as
dialog: though he could fall asleep right there, which would probably
dialog: be a good idea.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: Drive. Drive. Bad idea. Too drunk to
dialog: drive.
text: He looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: One-thirty. Huh! Early. Can't go
dialog: home yet.
text: He turns the key and hits the starter. The engine hums to
text: life. Pete sits up, opens his eyes wide, shakes off the haze
text: and puts the car in gear.
text: The Plymouth lurches forward a few yards, screeches to a
text: halt and stalls.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Oops.
text: He re-starts the car, puts it in gear, and pulls away and
text: down the deserted boulevard.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SANTA MONICA BEACH, AMUSEMENT PIER - NIGHT
text: The full moon is low over the ocean. Pete's car is parked at
text: the edge of the sand, the water fifty yards away. The ferris
text: wheel and the roller coaster of the amusement pier are dark
text: and eerie silhouettes, lit only by moonlight. Pete is asleep
text: in the driver's seat, head tilted back, his hat covering his
text: face, snoring.
text: The waves CRASH against the pilings and startle Pete awake.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Huh? Whatsa...
text: Instantly, he grabs his head.
speaker_heading: PETE'S NARRATION (V.O.)
dialog: I had no idea how I got to Santa
dialog: Monica, but it certainly was a good
dialog: idea. I don't think I could've faced
dialog: the headache I had alone in my
dialog: apartment. At least I had the ocean
dialog: air.
text: Pete takes a deep breath... and starts coughing. He gets out
text: his cigarettes and lights up. He takes a puff and glances at
dialog: his watch.
speaker_heading: PETE'S NARRATION (V.O.)
dialog: Three forty-five. I had only been
text: there for a couple of hours at most.
dialog: Truth be told, I was still fairly
dialog: drunk.
text: He starts the car and heads for the highway.
speaker_heading: PETE'S NARRATION (V.O.)
dialog: I'd head north until the sun came up
dialog: or I ran out of gas, whichever came
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC COAST HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: Pete drives along the moonlit two-lane blacktop. Waves crash
text: to the shore below the roadway.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. PETE'S CAR (DRIVING) - NIGHT
text: Pete is finally relaxed. He takes off his hat and jams it
text: down in the back seat. He takes a deep breath -- with the
text: wind in his hair, a smile grows on his face and he seems at
text: peace. He glances down at the speedometer -- then at the
dialog: fuel gauge.
scene_heading: INSERT - FUEL GAUGE
text: Pinning on "empty."
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: PETE'S NARRATION (V.O.)
dialog: Guess which came first.
text: He scans the road ahead -- nothing. Glances to his right.
speaker_heading: PETE'S POV
text: The lights of a small town can be seen off in the distance.
text: Pete veers the car off the highway and makes the turn that
text: will take him toward the lights. He passes a hand-painted
text: sign that gives him hope: "GAS - 1 MI."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RORY'S GAS STATION - NIGHT
text: Pete's car rolls up and stops. There's a light on the sign
text: and another in the station's window, but the place is
dialog: deserted.
speaker_heading: PETE'S NARRATION (V.O.)
dialog: I should've known better than to
dialog: think that a service station in the
dialog: sticks would be open at this hour,
dialog: but it wasn't like I had a lot of
dialog: choices.
text: Pete looks ahead toward the town. Its few lights twinkle in
dialog: the distance.
speaker_heading: PETE'S NARRATION (V.O.)
dialog: What the hell. At least there'd be a
text: diner opening in a couple of hours.
dialog: I'd get some pie and coffee, and
dialog: then I could worry about the gas.
text: Pete pulls out onto the road.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT
text: Pete's car trundles along, blowing past a hand-painted
text: roadside sign which reads:
dialog: SLOW!
scene_heading: NARROW BRIDGE - SINGLE LANE - NO GUARDRAIL
speaker_heading: USE CAUTION!
scene_heading: INT./EXT. PETE'S CAR (DRIVING) - NIGHT
text: Pete's headlights catch a glimpse of another sign, reading
text: "LAWSON WASH," just in front of a small wooden auto bridge.
text: Barely reducing his speed, Pete heads onto the bridge...
scene_heading: HIS POV - THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD
text: ...his headlights pick up the glowing eyes of a hapless
dialog: possum...
text: Pete swerves to avoid the animal, and a wheel drops off the
dialog: edge...
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: ...and the Plymouth careens over the side of the bridge and
text: into the rapidly-moving water below!
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERWATER - NIGHT
text: The water is flowing very quickly, and the current is intense.
text: Pete pulls himself out of the driver's seat (thankfully,
text: it's a convertible) and swims over the windshield.
text: But... his left sleeve is caught on the door handle. Nearly
text: out of breath and panicking, Pete shucks off the jacket and
text: heads for the surface.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WASH - NIGHT
text: Pete breaks the surface and gasps for air. His fight isn't
text: over yet, as the current is pulling him rapidly downstream.
text: He swims with all his might toward the far bank.
scene_heading: EXT. FAR BANK OF THE WASH - NIGHT
text: Drained, Pete pulls himself out of the water and staggers to
text: his feet.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: Oh my god! I don't believe... oh my
dialog: god...
text: He stumbles along backwards a couple of steps... and his
text: heel hits a rock...
text: Pete falls backward -- and his head strikes a glancing blow
text: on another rock. He rolls down the bank, unconscious, and
text: lands face down in the mud.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
text: IN BLACK, we slowly become aware of a panting, breathing
text: sound -- the sound of a dog...
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: ON A DOG'S FACE
text: A yellow labrador, full frame. It takes a couple more sniffs,
text: then starts licking furiously.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Maggie, whatcha got there? Huh, girl?
dialog: Whatcha find?
scene_heading: EXT. FAR BANK OF THE WASH - DAWN
text: Pete is still laying face down on the bank, being fervently
text: licked in the face by the dog.
speaker_heading: ON THE OLD MAN
text: A no-nonsense sort in his late-60s, he wears overalls and an
text: old railroad cap. He comes down to Pete, and using his walking
text: stick, pokes him in the side.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Mister, who are ya? My dog likes
dialog: you, but that don't mean much, she
dialog: likes skunks, too. Sweet n'stupid,
dialog: that's why I keep her.
text: Pete blinks up at the Old Man, his mouth gaping open.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Mister, you okay? You look wet. You
dialog: in an accident or somethin'?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I... I don't know.
text: He sits up, and the Old Man gets a look at his head, which
text: is caked with mud and blood on one side.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: You best come with me. Can ya walk?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I... yes, I think so.
text: He stands up shakily. The Old Man gives Pete a hand.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Come on, we'll have the Doc look you
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: My head hurts.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: I shouldn't be surprises. You smell
dialog: like that was quite a night before
dialog: you had there.
dialog: (to the dog)
dialog: Maggie! Let's go now!
text: And they head toward the road to town. BOOMING UP, we SEE
text: them pass a roadside sign:
scene_heading: ON THE SIGN:
speaker_heading: WELCOME TO
speaker_heading: LAWSON, CALIFORNIA
dialog: EST. 1869
scene_heading: ELEV. 275 POP. 1755
speaker_heading: THE TOWN
dialog: THAT GAVE ITS ALL
speaker_heading: OLD MAN (STANTON)
dialog: Name's Stanton Lawson. My ancestors
dialog: founded this town.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Ancestors?
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: Actually, my grandpap. But "ancestors"
dialog: sounds better, don't it?
dialog: (hands Pete a
dialog: handkerchief)
dialog: Here.
text: Pete takes the handkerchief and wipes the mud and some of
text: the blood off his face.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I suppose. Thanks.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: You look familiar, fella. What's
dialog: your name?
text: Pete stops, thinks for a moment.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I'm... I... I honestly don't know.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COMMERCE STREET - LAWSON, CALIFORNIA - DAY
text: Pete and Stanton walk along Commerce Street, the main drag
text: through the center of the small town. Lawson is a bit run
text: down, creeping inexorably toward decrepit. Despite that,
text: there's a timeless quality to the small buildings, a familiar
dialog: All-American feel.
text: Several of the PEOPLE walking along the street take notice
text: of Pete and nod to Stanton, who nods back.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: They all know you?
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: 'Course they all know me. And I know
dialog: all them. Town's got my name, don't
dialog: it?
text: They pass the window of the drug store, COLE'S PHARMACY.
text: PETE LOOKS DOWN AND SEES
scene_heading: TWO FADED GOLD STARS
text: in the window with two faded photos, all decked in tattered
text: black crepe. Two boys, no more than 18 and 19, who went off
dialog: to war and didn't come back.
text: Stanton notes Pete stopping to look at the stars and photos.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: Ernie Cole here just got himself
dialog: elected mayor. Lost both his boys in
dialog: the war. Kenny at Anzio and Willie
dialog: at Normandy.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: The war...
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: (points across the
dialog: street)
text: Mabel over there at the diner lost
dialog: her husband Max. Okinawa, I believe.
scene_heading: ANGLE - MABEL'S DINER
text: A typical small-town greasy spoon -- with one faded star
text: prominent in the window.
speaker_heading: CLOSER
text: On MABEL LANIER, a sweet-faced woman in her 30s. She stares
text: vacantly into space, her reverie broken by a customer needing
text: a coffee refill.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: All told, this little town gave sixty-
dialog: two of its finest to the war.
dialog: Seventeen of 'em at Normandy alone.
dialog: More'n its share, I should say. Got
dialog: us a letter from President Truman.
dialog: City council commissioned a war
dialog: memorial. Been sittin' in the basement
dialog: of city hall these six years. Town
dialog: never had the heart to put it up.
dialog: Place just hasn't been the same since
dialog: the war.
speaker_heading: STANTON AND PETE
text: Pete looks longingly toward the diner. Stanton takes note.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: You hungry, son?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Yes. Very.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: Got any money?
text: Pete rummages in his pants pockets, and comes up with three
dialog: quarters.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: Six bits. More'n enough to buy some
dialog: breakfast. C'mon.
text: And they head across the street.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A PLATE WITH TWO PIECES OF APPLE PIE
text: A fork comes into frame and tears into one of the slices.
speaker_heading: WIDER
scene_heading: INT. MABEL'S DINER - DAY
text: Pete is fairly shoveling the pie into his mouth, pausing
text: only to wash it down with gulps of coffee.
speaker_heading: MABEL
text: stands nearby, watching in amazement as her pie is consumed
dialog: in record time.
text: Pete notices that Stanton and Mabel -- and the other PATRONS,
text: for that matter -- are watching his feeding frenzy. He stops
text: in his tracks, and starts chewing leisurely. He smiles at
dialog: Mabel.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (mouth full)
dialog: Pie's... good.
speaker_heading: MABEL
dialog: (wryly)
dialog: Like you could tell.
dialog: (to Stanton)
dialog: Where'd you find him?
speaker_heading: STANTON
text: Down by the wash.
speaker_heading: MABEL
dialog: We gotta put a rail on that thing
text: before someone else gets killed.
dialog: (to Pete)
dialog: Three people have died there, Mister.
dialog: You're lucky to be alive.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (draining the coffee
dialog: cup)
dialog: Thanks. More coffee?
text: Mabel obliges. As she pours the coffee, she looks at Pete.
speaker_heading: MABEL
dialog: You know, you look familiar. You
dialog: ever been in here before?
text: Pete shakes his head.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: He don't remember who he is, Mabel.
dialog: Gonna take him to the Doc, as soon
text: as he gets in.
speaker_heading: MABEL
dialog: (distractedly)
dialog: Doc should be in for his coffee and
dialog: bear claw any minute...
dialog: (to Pete)
dialog: You sure you never been in here?
text: Pete looks up at Mabel and smiles winningly.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I'd remember this pie.
text: Mabel, thoroughly charmed, smiles back at Pete.
speaker_heading: MABEL
dialog: (patting his hand)
dialog: I'll just get you another piece.
scene_heading: EXT. COMMERCE STREET - DAY
text: A stoop-shouldered little man in his late 60s, HARRY TRUMBO
text: shambles along the street, headed for Mabel's Diner. There's
text: a sadness about Harry, the world-weary melancholy of a man
text: who has little to smile about because he has little to care
text: about. After a couple of steps, he's met up by DOC BEN
text: LARDNER, a vigorous man in his 50s. He comes up behind Harry
text: and claps him on the back.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: 'Mornin' Harry. Fine day, isn't it?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Morning, Doc. Yes, yes it looks just
dialog: fine.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Plenty to do today?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (vaguely)
dialog: Oh, yes, plenty. Plenty.
text: They're at the door of the diner. Doc opens it for Harry.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: After you.
scene_heading: INT. MABEL'S DINER - DAY
text: Lardner comes over to Mabel, who hands him a tall paper cup
text: of coffee and bags him a bear claw.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Mornin' Mabel, Stan.
speaker_heading: MABEL
dialog: Mornin' Doc. Got some new business
dialog: for you today.
text: Lardner and Pete make eye contact, and the doctor notices
text: the bump on his head.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Hello, son. How'd that happen?
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: He don't know. And he don't know his
dialog: name, neither. Found him down by the
dialog: wash.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: You'd better come with me, son.
dialog: (to Mabel, indicating
dialog: the coffee and danish)
dialog: On my tab?
speaker_heading: MABEL
dialog: You bet.
text: Lardner, Stanton and Pete rise and move to the door. Pete
text: turns back, takes the three quarters out of his pocket, and
text: puts them on the counter, smiling brightly at Mabel.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Thanks. Great pie.
speaker_heading: MABEL
dialog: (blushing)
dialog: You're welcome. Come again.
speaker_heading: ON HARRY
text: seated at the opposite end of the counter. He glances up at
dialog: Pete.
speaker_heading: HARRY'S POV
text: as Pete smiles at Mabel and turns to go.
speaker_heading: ON HARRY
text: His mouth falls open, his hand moves to cover it. He's just
dialog: seen a ghost...
scene_heading: HARRY'S POV - SLOW MOTION...
text: ...as the three men pass by the diner's window.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - HARRY
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (wide eyed)
dialog: Sweet Jesus...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: A FINGER --
text: moving left-to-right, right-to-left through space.
speaker_heading: LARDNER'S VOICE
dialog: Follow my finger. Just use your eyes.
dialog: That's it. Good.
speaker_heading: WIDER
scene_heading: INT. EXAMINATION ROOM - DAY
text: Doc Lardner is checking Pete's eyes. Pete sits on an
text: examination table, his shirt off, his head freshly bandaged.
text: Stanton lurks in the corner, Maggie curled at his feet.
speaker_heading: STANTON
text: He was passed out cold. Maggie woke
dialog: 'im.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
text: Uh-huh. He looks familiar.
dialog: (to Pete)
dialog: Open your mouth. Say "ah."
text: Pete does. Lardner has a look as Stanton pulls out a pocket
dialog: watch.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: Said as much myself, Doc. Can't place
dialog: him, though. To look at him, you'd
text: think the cheese slid off his cracker.
dialog: (looks at his watch)
dialog: Well, morning's half-over. I'm off.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Lawson.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: Don't mention it. Whoever-you-are.
text: Stanton and Maggie exit. Lardner checks Pete's ears.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Any idea how you got here, son?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: No, sir.
text: Lardner sniffs him.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Been drinkin' a bit, have we?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I don't remember. I guess so. Smells
dialog: like it.
text: (smacks his lips and
dialog: frowns)
dialog: Tastes like it.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Well, you've been wet to the skin.
dialog: You must've fallen in.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I guess I did.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Lucky you got out, that water's got
dialog: quite a pull, and it empties straight
text: into the ocean.
text: Lardner takes a shirt off his counter and hands it to Pete.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Here, one of mine.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Thanks.
text: Pete puts on the shirt.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Do you remember if you were driving
dialog: a car? Maybe you went over the bridge.
dialog: No guard rail there, it's easy to
dialog: do. It's happened before.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: It's possible. I just don't remember.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: And you don't know your name or who
dialog: you are, that right?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: I... no, I... I just can't...
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: (gently)
dialog: It's okay, son. We just need to call
dialog: you something. That's all.
text: Pete stifles a laugh.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Call me... Ishmael?
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Well, at least you remember "Moby
dialog: Dick."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DOC LARDNER'S PRIVATE OFFICE - DAY
text: Lardner is on the phone, sipping his coffee and nibbling his
text: bear claw. Pete is standing, nosing around the office --
text: diplomas, photographs, knick-knacks. He zeros in on one photo
dialog: in particular.
speaker_heading: ON THE PHOTO
dialog: one of Lardner and a beautiful YOUNG WOMAN. They've been
text: fishing, and the young woman displays a much larger catch
dialog: than Lardner.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: (into phone)
text: Stanton found him by the wash. Not
dialog: hurt too bad, but he took a nasty
text: bump on the head and he can't remember
dialog: who he is. We both think he looks
dialog: familiar, but we can't place him.
dialog: You bet. He'll be here.
text: Lardner hangs up and watches Pete looking at the pictures.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: That's me and my daughter Adele. My
dialog: pride and joy. Charms the fish right
text: out of the lake, she does.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: She's very pretty.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Thanks. Well, Sheriff's on his way
dialog: over, and maybe we can get to the
dialog: bottom of who you are...
text: Lardner stares at him. Pete takes note, turns toward him.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: ...sorry 'bout that, but you do look
dialog: familiar to me.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Wish I could say the same thing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DOC LARDNER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The Sheriff's sedan pulls up to the office and SHERIFF CECIL
text: ELDRIDGE, 45, gets out. As he gets a few steps from the door,
text: Harry Trumbo jumps out from around the side of the building
text: and stops him.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Cecil! Cecil, there's a young man in
dialog: there...
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: (startled)
dialog: Lord love a duck, Harry, you wanna
dialog: give me a heart attack right in front
dialog: of the doctor's office?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Listen to me! The young man in
dialog: there...
text: Eldridge keeps moving to the door.
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Stan Lawson found him unconscious by
dialog: the wash this morning, and I'm here
dialog: to investigate, and if we find
dialog: anything interesting, it'll be in
dialog: the paper, so why don't you just...
text: Harry jumps in front of Eldridge and grabs him by the
dialog: shoulders.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Cecil, listen to me!
text: The sheriff stops.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (breathless)
dialog: It's Luke.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. DOC LARDNER'S PRIVATE OFFICE - DAY
text: Sheriff Eldridge is seated across from Pete. He's staring at
text: him intently. Silence.
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: No wallet, huh?
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: No identification at all.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What're you thinkin', Cecil?
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: What I'm thinkin' is we got us one
dialog: a'two things here. A mystery or a
dialog: damn miracle. And by god I can't
dialog: tell which.
dialog: (to Pete)
dialog: Boy, you say you have no idea who
dialog: you are? That right?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: You ever been in this town before,
dialog: to your knowledge?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: No. But...
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: But what?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Well, this place sorta reminds me of
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: "It's a Wonderful Life."
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: The Jimmy Stewart picture? I remember
dialog: that one. Saw it over at the Bijou.
dialog: So, you remember that, huh?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: "It's a Wonderful Life?"
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: Or the Bijou. Either one.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I remember the picture... but I don't
dialog: remember where I saw it.
text: The Sheriff rises and crosses to the door.
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: Doc, with your permission, I want to
dialog: bring someone in here. Maybe it'll
dialog: jar this young man's memory.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: By all means.
text: Eldridge opens the door.
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: (to someone offscreen)
dialog: Harry, why don't you come on in here.
text: Harry enters the office, doffs his hat, revealing a full
text: head of snow-white hair. He nods to Eldridge and Lardner,
text: and slowly turns to face Pete. He looks closer... and closer.
text: Hesitantly, he takes a couple of steps towards Pete, who
text: slowly rises out of his chair to meet the old man's gaze.
text: Finally, they're standing practically toe-to-toe.
speaker_heading: PETE
text: looks a bit puzzled, but the old man has such a sweet face...
speaker_heading: HARRY
text: has tears forming in his eyes. A smile turns up the corners
text: of his mouth, and quickly lights up his whole face.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: (softly, to Eldridge)
dialog: Are you saying that he's...
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: (smiling broadly)
dialog: Shhhhhh.
text: Harry takes Pete in his arms and hugs him tightly, burying
text: his face in Pete's shoulder and sobbing.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I knew all along. I knew you were
dialog: alive! Oh, Luke...
text: Pete doesn't quite know what to think. He clearly has no
dialog: idea who this old man is.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: (mouth agape in
dialog: disbelief)
dialog: Mother o'god...
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: (to Pete)
dialog: Give the man a hug, boy! That's your
dialog: father!
text: Pete looks at Harry. It's not so much that he remembers
text: anything -- he's swept up in the moment.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: My father...?
text: Pete wraps his arms around Harry and hugs him tightly,
text: glancing over at
scene_heading: ELDRIDGE AND LARDNER
text: who look on goofily, fighting back tears. They smile at Pete,
text: who smiles back tentatively.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DOC LARDNER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Harry, Pete, Eldridge and Lardner come outside.
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: C'mon, I'll give you two a lift back
dialog: to the Bijou.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: The Bijou?
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: That's where you live.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: We live in a theater?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Only one in town.
text: (he opens the car
dialog: door for Pete)
dialog: Get in, son.
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: (sotto, to Lardner)
dialog: Ben, when's Delly due back?
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Tomorrow afternoon...
dialog: (seized by a thought)
dialog: ...oh my god...
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Exactly. Break it to her gently.
text: Eldridge and Harry get in the car. Lardner comes over to
text: Pete's back seat window.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Get plenty of rest, Luke. You took a
dialog: pretty big wallop there.
text: He turns to move away, then turns back.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Good to have you back.
text: Eldridge starts the car and they drive away.
dialog: (NOTE: Henceforth, "PETE" will be known as "LUKE." It'll be
dialog: easier to keep track of things, since everyone's now calling
dialog: him Luke, anyway. Trust me.)
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ELDRIDGE'S CAR (DRIVING) - DAY
text: Harry sits next to the Sheriff, and Luke has the back seat
text: all to himself. He leans forward toward the front seat and
text: taps Harry on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Excuse me... what's your, um, your
dialog: name?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Harry, son. Harry.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: And... what's my name again?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Albert Lucas Trumbo. But you've been
dialog: "Luke" since you were a baby.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Ah.
dialog: (taking it for a spin)
dialog: Luke. Luke. I like it.
text: Luke looks at the town as they drive down Commerce Street.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: Shops are open for business, TOWNSPEOPLE are going about
text: their lives. A few stop and watch as the Sheriff's car goes
dialog: by.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: How long have I been gone?
text: Eldridge looks at Harry, who stares ahead.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: How long?
text: Pause. The silence is too thick, and Harry has to answer.
text: He turns around in his seat and faces Luke.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (gently)
dialog: You never came back from the war. We
dialog: were told you were missing and
dialog: presumed dead.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: When did I leave?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You joined up one month to the day
dialog: after Pearl Harbor. January seventh...
dialog: nineteen forty-two.
text: Luke sits back against the back seat and lets this sink in.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Nine and-a-half years ago.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Nine and-a-half years...
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
text: Comin' up on the Bijou, gents.
scene_heading: EXT. IN FRONT OF THE BIJOU - DAY
text: Eldridge's car rounds the corner, pulls up and stops.
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: Here we are.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Well, son, you're home!
text: Luke peers across the street... his mouth gapes open...
scene_heading: HIS POV - THE BIJOU.
text: The Bijou is a decaying, Dada-esque, grab-bag of building
text: styles. It's as though the architect took random parts of a
text: Chinese temple, a Mosque, a Pagoda, a Sphinx, a symphony
dialog: hall and a slaughterhouse, put them in a bag, gave it a good
text: shake, tossed the contents out onto a blueprint and promptly
dialog: built the result.
dialog: As a matter of fact, if you didn't know that the place was
dialog: "The Bijou," you'd probably wonder what the cryptic message
speaker_heading: " HE B J U"
text: was trying to convey from atop the crumbling parapet.
dialog: And now, the reason for the deteriorated state of the " HE B
text: J U" sign becomes apparent. Train tracks run right behind
text: the building on an elevated trestle. As we watch, a TRAIN
text: ROARS BY. Everything shakes. It's not an earthquake, it's a
text: trainquake. The "J" teeters at a jaunty angle, threatening
text: to dislodge and tumble down to join its fallen brothers.
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: stares at the monstrosity. His face is ashen. His heart has
text: sunk to somewhere below his knees.
dialog: The Bijou.
text: Harry jumps out of the car excitedly.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Thanks for the lift, Cecil.
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: Don't mention it. Welcome home, Luke.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (faint smile)
dialog: Thanks.
text: Luke opens the back door and slowly steps out. Harry grabs
text: his arm and pulls a ring of keys from his pocket.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Wait'll you see the inside!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: Can't wait.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BIJOU LOBBY - DAY
text: The interior of the theater fulfills every promise made by
text: the exterior. Moth-eaten velvet-flocked wallpaper hangs in
text: shards and pieces from the walls. It's sort of a cross between
text: a gaudy cathouse and a mausoleum, served up with generous
text: helpings of dust and grime, an almost unbeatable combination
dialog: of questionable taste and neglect.
text: Above the center of the lobby hangs what was -- and is --
dialog: probably the only truly beautiful item in the whole theater --
scene_heading: A DELICATE CRYSTAL CHANDELIER.
text: Even under a veneer of dust, the fragile droplets of cut
text: crystal seem to pick up every available point of light and
text: scatter it in a hundred directions.
text: TILT DOWN TO REVEAL
text: Luke and Harry standing below. Luke is lost in a gulf
text: somewhere between surprise and disgust.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: We've been closed for a while.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (smiling wanly)
dialog: Ah.
text: Luke walks toward the auditorium doors and slowly, cracks
dialog: one open.
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: The ocean of two hundred or so seats on the main floor seem
dialog: to be, for the most part, intact -- although the occasional
text: row seems to have loosed itself from its moorings and heaved
text: itself up against the row behind or in front.
speaker_heading: THE SCREEN
text: is really not much more than a tatty bit of yellowing muslin,
text: framed by ragged red velveteen drapery.
text: In the tiny orchestra pit, as we will see later, is an old
text: upright piano.
text: Luke walks a few steps down the aisle. He picks a seat on
text: the aisle near the middle of the theater and sits. As he
text: does, a CAT, an orange tabby, leaps out from under another
text: seat, jets past Luke and disappears down the aisle and
text: backstage. Harry comes over and sits behind him.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (turning to Harry)
dialog: Exactly how long has the Bijou been
dialog: closed?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Hmmmm... after you left, it was
dialog: difficult, and then Lily -- that's
dialog: your mother -- she took ill and
dialog: died... we haven't shown a picture
dialog: since forty-eight.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (deep breath)
dialog: Well, after the war, with so many of
dialog: the town's boys killed, people around
dialog: here didn't much feel like going to
dialog: the movies, I guess. Some of 'em
dialog: moved away -- Los Angeles, Sacramento,
dialog: San Francisco. Wasn't much to keep
dialog: 'em here, I expect. And now with
dialog: this "television" thing -- people
dialog: just aren't going out as much as
dialog: they used to.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Didn't you have any help?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Oh, I had Irene and Old Tim but they
dialog: really couldn't help much. Broke
dialog: their hearts when we closed up. Broke
dialog: mine, too.
dialog: (brightening)
dialog: But now that you're back, well, things
dialog: will be different around here, that's
dialog: for sure.
text: (rises, grabs Luke's
dialog: arm)
dialog: C'mon, I'll show you where we live.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BIJOU APARTMENT - DAY
text: The small apartment above the projection booth is quite a
text: contrast to the rest of the theater. It's neat as a pin, and
text: fairly lit, as Harry has just pulled back the curtains,
text: allowing the sun to flood the room.
text: A beam of golden light falls across a table, atop which are
scene_heading: SEVERAL FRAMED PHOTOS.
text: One of the photos is of the real, much-younger Luke. It's a
text: Norman Rockwell scene, at a train depot, with an army-issue
text: olive drab duffel bag slung over his shoulder. He has one
text: arm around Harry and the other around his mother.
dialog: (And by the way, Pete's resemblance to the real Luke -- even
dialog: in a nearly 10 year old photo -- is pretty damn startling...)
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: The day you shipped out. That was a
dialog: proud day for your mother and me.
dialog: Last time you saw her. Last time I
dialog: saw you.
text: He smiles.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Till today.
text: Luke sets it down and picks up another photo, that of a fine
text: looking woman. It's a formal portrait, dating perhaps from
dialog: the 30's.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: That's Lily. Your mother, rest her
dialog: soul.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (repeating)
dialog: Mother.
dialog: (to Harry)
dialog: She's beautiful.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (coming over)
dialog: Well, yes, that she was. She certainly
dialog: made this place a home.
text: He takes the picture from Luke, kisses it, and gently replaces
text: it on the table. Luke goes over to the sofa and sits.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: Can I get you anything? I can put
dialog: some coffee on or some...
text: Harry looks at Luke, who has almost instantly fallen asleep
text: on the sofa.
text: He goes to him, gently picks his feet off the floor, lifts
text: them onto the sofa. Removes his shoes, sets them on the floor.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: A BLANKET
text: being drawn up Luke's chest.
speaker_heading: HARRY
text: stands, looks down warmly at his son. Then, suddenly, he's
text: seized by a thought. He turns and crosses to the window.
scene_heading: CLOSE - THE WINDOW
text: There's a small picture frame in the window. Harry reaches
text: down, gingerly picks it up and turns it around.
speaker_heading: ON THE FRAME
text: It's a single, faded gold star. One war casualty.
text: Harry clutches it to his chest, looks over at the sleeping
text: Luke and smiles.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (softly)
dialog: When I woke up this morning, my son
dialog: was dead. Now, I have my boy again.
dialog: (closes his eyes)
dialog: I have my boy again.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. BIJOU APARTMENT - MORNING
text: It's early morning. Luke is sound asleep, still in his
text: clothes. In the distance, a train sounds its HORN.
text: Luke rolls over on his back, still asleep, snoring lightly.
text: Slowly, he starts to wake up, eyes still closed.
text: Something's strange, though. He frowns. The train is GETTING
text: CLOSER. Luke's eyes POP OPEN.
speaker_heading: LUKE'S POV
text: As the train RUMBLES BY, shaking everything in the room,
text: Luke looks up to see three ancient cherubs staring down at
dialog: him.
text: Harry, an elderly WOMAN, and an elderly BLACK MAN.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: 'Morning, Son.
speaker_heading: ELDERLY WOMAN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Good morning, Luke.
scene_heading: ELDERLY BLACK MAN
dialog: (no expression)
dialog: 'Mornin'.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Sleep well?
text: Luke is speechless. It he dreaming this?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: They couldn't wait to see you.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Who... are they?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: This is the staff of the Bijou.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh. What... what time is it?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Six-thirty. I thought we'd get an
dialog: early start.
text: Luke sits up on the sofa and tries to get a little more awake.
text: He rubs the side of his head that is still bandaged.
text: The elderly woman nudges Harry gently.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Oh, I'm sorry, they know you, but
dialog: you don't... you need to be re-
dialog: introduced. Luke, this is Mrs. Irene
dialog: Terwilliger.
text: Luke stands and shakes MRS. TERWILLIGER'S hand. She's tiny,
text: seventy if she's a day. She smiles and curtsies slightly.
text: Her eyes sparkle brightly, her manner almost coquettish.
scene_heading: MRS. TERWILLIGER
text: Head cashier and refreshments clerk.
dialog: So glad to have you back, my boy!
dialog: (to Harry)
dialog: Much more handsome than I remember
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: And this fine fellow is our head
dialog: usher, resident fix-it man and
text: custodian. Luke, meet Old Tim.
dialog: (to Old Tim)
dialog: You remember Luke, don't you?
text: OLD TIM is -- well, old. His clothes are a tad shabby, but
text: well maintained, though they hang loosely on his gangly frame.
text: He wears an old blue knit cap, which he quickly removes as
text: he shakes Luke's hand. He's a man of few words, his manner
text: is painfully shy -- and he never smiles.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Is there a young Tim?
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well, then, why do they call you
dialog: "Old Tim?"
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: I'm old.
text: Harry steps forward, takes Luke's arm.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Well, lots to do, so we'd better get
dialog: a move on...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: Luke, Harry and Mrs. Terwilliger walk down the aisle toward
text: the screen. Old Time lags a few steps behind. At the orchestra
text: pit, Harry climbs the steps, crosses the pit. The screen is
text: a sea of repair patches. Harry pats it. Dust flies.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: 'Fraid this has seen better days.
dialog: Well, I was meaning to get a new
dialog: screen, anyway.
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: I n-need me a new uniform.
text: Luke looks at Old Tim, then at Harry.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (to Luke)
dialog: I promised him a new uniform when we
dialog: re-opened.
dialog: (to Old Tim)
dialog: And you'll get one, too.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You know, I hate to bring this up,
text: but screens and uniforms and paint
dialog: and repairs are going to take money,
dialog: which I'm willing to bet none of us
dialog: has.
text: Silence from the group.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I thought so.
text: Beat. Harry brightens, clambers down the steps and races up
dialog: the aisle.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Anyone want to see the projector?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: TWO CARBON ARCS
text: are squeakily being cranked together above the din of a fan
text: motor. A puff of smoke, then -- BZZZZZZZZZTT -- LIGHT. A
text: metal door is closed over the arcs.
scene_heading: INT. PROJECTION BOOTH - DAY
text: Harry dances around to the other side of the projector and
text: adjusts the focus on the beam of light. The others look on
text: as he gazes at the screen through the tiny window.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Beautiful. Bright and even from edge
dialog: to edge. See for yourself.
text: The carbons sputter and die. The light flickers out. Harry
text: is crestfallen, turns off the motor.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: She's always been a bit tricky.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BIJOU LOBBY - DAY
text: Mrs. Terwilliger is dusting the concession stand with a ragged
text: feather duster, a hopeless task. Old Tim is on a rickety
text: ladder, replacing burned-out bulbs in the chandelier.
text: The orange tabby cat scratches itself on the leg of the
dialog: ladder.
text: Old Tim climbs down and catches his breath. Mrs. Terwilliger
text: sneezes.
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: Bless.
scene_heading: MRS. TERWILLIGER
dialog: Thank you, Timothy.
text: They both stop their work and glance warily at the door marked
dialog: "OFFICE."
scene_heading: MRS. TERWILLIGER
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: What do you suppose they're talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: Dunno. Boy's smart.
scene_heading: MRS. TERWILLIGER
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: Yes, he seems to be.
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: Bad for us.
scene_heading: INT. BIJOU OFFICE - DAY
text: Luke is poring over the ledger books, adding up figures on
text: an old manual adding machine.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Um... Harry? Did I ever keep the
dialog: books here?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: No, your mother did, then I did after
dialog: she passed.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well, I'm the first one to admit
dialog: that I don't know anything about
dialog: bookkeeping, but there are some very
dialog: interesting things in here.
text: He scans down a page.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "February 10, 1942. Picture 'Ball of
dialog: Fire.'"
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (appreciatively)
dialog: Gary Cooper. And Barbara Stanwyck.
dialog: Yowsa.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "Eight p.m. showtime, ninety-six
dialog: admissions, receipts including
dialog: concessions, $84.75... plus one fryer
dialog: and two-dozen eggs."
text: He closes the book and looks expectantly at Harry.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: "one fryer and two-dozen eggs?"
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Forty-two was a lean year around
dialog: here. The war had just started...
dialog: you were gone less than a month...
dialog: and we were coming off a bit of a
dialog: drought as I recall. Not everyone
dialog: could ante up the price of a ticket,
dialog: and a chicken's as good as money if
dialog: you ask me. At that time, it meant a
dialog: lot to the folks around here to be
text: able to come to the pictures.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah, I know, but poultry...?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (rhapsodically)
dialog: I know it's hard to believe, son,
dialog: but this place, this little place
dialog: this wasn't a theater then, this was
dialog: a palace! Any man, woman, child,
dialog: you, me, it didn't matter, you bought
dialog: your ticket and you walked in and
dialog: you...
text: Harry puts his hand on his chest and sighs.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: ...you were in a palace. It was like
dialog: a dream. It was like heaven, like
dialog: you died and went to a palace in
dialog: heaven, that's what it was like. And
text: spotless, too.
text: Inspired, Harry stands, takes Luke by the arm.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Come with me!
text: He drags him out of the office and into the lobby.
scene_heading: INT. BIJOU LOBBY - DAY
text: Mrs. Terwilliger and Old Tim watch as Harry leads Luke through
dialog: the lobby.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Maybe you had problems and worries
dialog: out there, but once you came through
dialog: that door, they didn't matter anymore.
dialog: In here, you were safe. Maybe it was
dialog: just an escape from reality, but...
dialog: oh, god... it was beautiful.
text: Harry leads Luke into the auditorium. The car follows, but
text: Mrs. Terwilliger and Old Tim stay behind.
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: Harry trots down the aisle and looks up at the screen.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (exuberant)
text: Charlie Chaplin. Keaton and Lloyd.
dialog: Swanson. And later on, Clark Gable
dialog: and Claudette Colbert and Jimmy
dialog: Stewart and James Cagney and Bogart
dialog: and Becall and Judy and Mickey...
dialog: and Fred and Ginger.
text: He turns to Luke.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (emphatically)
dialog: They... were... like... gods!
text: He points to the screen.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: And that... was the altar. Would you
dialog: remember if I told you, we felt lucky
dialog: to be here, to have the privilege of
dialog: watching them?
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: This television thing. Why would you
dialog: want to sit at home and watch a little
dialog: box with a little screen? Because
dialog: it's convenient? Because you don't
dialog: have to get dressed and put on a
dialog: coat and a tie and a hat? Because
dialog: you can just... sit there? How can
dialog: you call that "entertainment," all
dialog: alone in your living room? Where are
dialog: the other people? Where's the
dialog: audience?
text: Harry comes over to Luke.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (emphatically)
dialog: Where's the magic?
text: He stands behind Luke and whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I'll tell you. In a place like this,
dialog: the magic is all around you. All the
text: time. Everywhere. In every thing.
text: He turns Luke around and looks him in the eye.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: The trick... is to see it.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: But I...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Son, I think you loved the Bijou
dialog: even more than I did. You've got to
dialog: remember that. You've got to.
text: Still looking at Luke, Harry takes a step back, then slowly
text: walks up the aisle, disappearing into the lobby.
text: Luke walks down the aisle. At the edge of the orchestra pit,
text: he stands looking up at the screen. The orange tabby cat
text: MEOWS, and Luke glances toward it, standing onstage by the
text: edge of the screen. They exchange looks as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. LARDNER LIVING ROOM - EVENING
text: Doc Lardner is seated in an easy chair, his feet up, reading
text: Life magazine. The radio is on, and Patti Page is singing
dialog: "The Tennessee Waltz."
text: There's a noise offscreen, and Lardner looks up. In the
text: entrance hall, the front door opens.
scene_heading: ADELE "DELLY" LARDNER
text: enters. She's a strikingly beautiful woman in her late 20s.
text: She takes off a felt cap, and her long, auburn hair cascades
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Dad?
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Delly? In here.
text: Lardner rises as Adele comes into the living room. They
text: embrace warmly.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: How'd it go?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Not as bad as I thought it would. I
dialog: think I passed.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: (kisses her forehead)
dialog: That's my girl!
dialog: (he hugs her again)
dialog: Did you...?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: No hiccups, which was good. Who wants
dialog: an attorney who gets the hiccups
dialog: when she gets nervous?
dialog: ("serious" lawyer
dialog: voice)
dialog: "Your
dialog: (hic!)
dialog: Honor, I
dialog: (hic!)
dialog: Object!"
text: They laugh.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: I always told you, baby...
dialog: (taps her head)
dialog: ...it's all up here.
text: Lardner gives her an extra squeeze, continues to hold onto
text: her just a bit too long. Adele detects something amiss.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Dad? What is it?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Well, it's...
text: Adele breaks away from him.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (extreme concern)
dialog: Oh my god... who died?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: GLASS OF WATER
text: on a kitchen table. Offscreen, we HEAR A HICCUP. Then another.
text: Adele's hand reaches into frame.
speaker_heading: WIDER
scene_heading: INT. LARDNER KITCHEN - EVENING
text: Lardner stands over Adele, who is seated at the table, holding
text: the glass of water.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
text: Drink slowly.
text: She raises the glass to her lips.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
text: From the other side of the glass.
dialog: It's a particularly gymnastic way in which to drink water,
text: but Adele accomplishes it with aplomb. She waits for a moment --
text: then hiccups again.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: I think
dialog: (hic!)
dialog: it's worse
dialog: (hic!)
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: That always used to work.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Yeah, well it's not everyday you get
dialog: (hic!)
dialog: news like this. You're sure he's
dialog: (hic!)
dialog: okay? Other than the
dialog: (hic!)
dialog: bump on the head?
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: (hedging)
dialog: Well...
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (hic!)
dialog: Dad...
dialog: (hic!)
text: Lardner sits at the table and takes Adele's hand.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: He doesn't remember anything, Delly.
dialog: Doesn't know how he got here, doesn't
dialog: remember his father, the town, the
dialog: Bijou, anyone...
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: ...including me. Right?
dialog: (hic!)
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: I'm afraid not. He looked right at
dialog: your picture without batting an eye.
dialog: But it's probably temporary. He got
text: all the way to Lawson, so he clearly
dialog: knew who he was and what he was doing
dialog: until he hit his head. I'm sure it'll
text: all come back to him. It just takes
dialog: a catalyst.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: You mean,
dialog: (hic!)
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: It's possible.
dialog: Off Adele's thoughtful hiccuping, we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COMMERCE STREET - EVENING
text: Luke and Harry, walking along, make a turn onto Commerce
text: Street, heading for Mabel's. It's still light out, and a
text: soft breeze skitters some leaves along the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I take breakfast and supper at Mabel's
dialog: every day except Sunday. Have for
dialog: years, since Lily died. If it weren't
dialog: for Mabel, I'd probably starve to
dialog: death.
text: ERNIE COLE, a slight, balding man in his 50s, is locking the
text: door of his pharmacy across the street, when he spots Harry
dialog: and Luke.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Harry! Hold on a second!
text: Ernie runs across the street and, slightly winded, stands
text: before Luke, staring. Luke shoots a glance at Harry, who
text: taps Ernie on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: It's really him, Ernie.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: (agape)
dialog: Well, I'll be...
text: He sticks his hand out and Luke takes it. Ernie pumps it
text: enthusiastically.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: By god, Luke, if it isn't good to
dialog: see you again.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (uncertain)
dialog: Uh, thanks. Good to see you again,
dialog: too, uh...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Ernie.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: ...Ernie.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: (still at a lose)
dialog: Well, I'll be...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: We were just gonna get some supper.
dialog: Would you like to join us?
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Would I ever!
text: The three walk toward the diner, but before they get two
dialog: steps, they hear:
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Is that Luke Trumbo?
text: They turn to see a stout woman, KATIE RUTHERFORD, 40s, rushing
text: toward them. She rushes right into a very surprised Luke's
text: arms and hugs him tightly.
speaker_heading: KATIE
dialog: Oh, Luke, it's so good to have you
dialog: back!
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Katie, would you like to join us for
dialog: dinner? The more, the merrier.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MABEL'S DINER - NIGHT
text: The diner is packed. In addition to Ernie and Katie, MEN,
text: WOMEN and CHILDREN occupy every seat and table, and many
text: more are standing, even hanging out the door.
text: At the focus of the crowd are Luke and Harry, seated at the
text: counter. Harry is leisurely eating a chicken dinner, while
text: Luke is working on a steak. A young man seated at the opposite
text: side of the counter is speaking. He's CARL LEFFERT, 30s.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: Hey, Luke, remember the time you and
dialog: me, we was playing with firecrackers
dialog: and the one you was lighting blew up
dialog: too soon and singed all the hair
dialog: offa my head?
text: A few people shake their heads, smile and laugh.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Uh, no. What happened?
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (deflated)
dialog: Well... um, all the hair got singed
dialog: offa my head. It was pretty funny.
text: A couple of TITTERS are heard.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: Even my eyebrows. But they grew back.
text: Luke leans toward Harry, who never looks up from his chicken.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Carl. Friend of yours from high
dialog: school. Everybody calls him "Cueball."
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: Oh, hi Cue... Carl. Sorry.
speaker_heading: CARL
dialog: (brightening)
dialog: Oh, heck, that's all right. It's
dialog: just good to have you back. Isn't
dialog: that right, Bob? Hey, Luke, you
dialog: remember my brother Bob? You two
dialog: joined up the same day.
text: Luke smiles and nods at the young man sitting next to Carl.
speaker_heading: BOB LEFFERT
text: is a good-looking fellow, a few years older than Carl. His
text: face is pale and downcast, and he wears a cap pulled down on
text: his forehead. He looks up at Luke with hollow eyes. Brings
text: his right hand up, pushes the brim of his cap up. Except
text: there's no hand there -- it's a hook.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Hey, Bob. Good to meet you.
text: Bob doesn't react. He glances away, and for a moment, his
text: eyes meet Mabel's. She smiles warmly. He turns away.
text: Ernie Cole pipes up.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Luke, I know there's a question that's
dialog: on everybody's mind.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Well, now that you're back, what're
dialog: your plans?
text: All eyes on Luke. He freezes, having just taken a forkful of
text: food in his mouth. Harry jumps in.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Gonna re-open the Bijou, that's what.
text: A MURMUR goes through the crowd. Stanton Lawson, standing
text: behind Luke, taps him on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: STANTON
dialog: That true?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (on the spot)
dialog: Well... we're gonna try.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: That's a lot of work, son. Place's
dialog: been closed, what, three, four years
dialog: now. Gonna be tough.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: If it's tough, that means it's worth
dialog: doing.
text: Someone shouts "That's the spirit!," another shouts "Hear,
text: hear!," and a chorus of VOICES join in agreement.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Hey, where's Spencer Wyatt?
speaker_heading: SPENCER'S VOICE
dialog: Uh, back here, Mr. Mayor.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Well, come on out here so's we can
dialog: see you.
text: SPENCER WYATT steps around from the back of the crowd near
text: the door. He's a tall, dark-haired, gangly, bespectacled
text: kid, no more than 19 or 20. Painfully shy, he clutches a
text: clarinet case to his chest. He timidly smiles and waves at
text: Luke, who smiles and nods back.
speaker_heading: SPENCER
dialog: Hey, Luke.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hi, Spencer.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Spence, that band of yours -- you
dialog: think they're ready to play?
dialog: (to Luke)
text: Spencer and his pals went ahead and
dialog: got together a good ol' big band.
speaker_heading: SPENCER
dialog: We've been practicing... uh, sure, I
dialog: guess.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Well, how about tomorrow night, eight
dialog: p.m., in city hall square? What I'm
dialog: proposin' is a "Welcome Home Luke"
dialog: celebration.
text: Vociferous general AGREEMENT from the crowd -- which is
text: quickly quieted by a MURMUR, which starts at the front door.
text: The crowd parts and grow silent, revealing a woman standing
text: in the doorway.
speaker_heading: ADELE
text: She locks eyes with Luke. Her hand goes to her mouth and her
text: eyes well up. Slowly, she moves around the counter, the crowd
text: moving aside for her.
text: She stands in front of Luke, who has stood up to meet her.
text: Her eyes moist, she looks up at him.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Do you... remember me?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I've seen you before. Your picture...
text: Mabel, clutching a napkin, leans over to Katie.
speaker_heading: MABEL
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Look!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: ...but I don't think I remember you.
text: Adele leans up and kisses him softly. He looks at her.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: But I'll sure try.
text: As Mabel and Katie dab at their eyes, we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COMMERCE STREET - NIGHT
text: Adele and Luke stroll down the street side by side. She looks
text: at him for a long moment.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: No, I... I just wondering where you've
dialog: been all this time.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: You look... different.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I do?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Yeah, a little. I think you grew an
dialog: inch or so. And you've lost weight.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I did? Huh!
text: Tentatively, she takes his hand and holds it. From behind
text: them, we HEAR A SHUFFLING SOUND. Adele turns...
speaker_heading: ADELE'S POV
text: Keeping a discreet distance, EVERYONE from the diner is
text: following them. Adele turns and addresses the crowd.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (to the group)
dialog: You can all go home, now. He's not
dialog: going anywhere.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Go on home, folks. And thanks for
dialog: the welcome.
text: Harry comes over.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'll be home in a little while, Harry.
dialog: Don't wait up.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You two have a lot of catching up to
dialog: do, I guess.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You bet.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Goodnight, son.
dialog: (tips his hat)
dialog: 'Night, Delly.
text: And the rest of the crowd disperses, variously wishing the
text: pair goodnight. Luke and Adele watch them disperse.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: There. We're alone.
text: They turn and start walking.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Then why do I feel like we're still
dialog: being shadowed?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well... where can we go?
text: Adele brightens.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: I know a place. Come on!
text: She grabs his hand and they run toward the town square.
scene_heading: EXT. LAWSON CITY HALL - NIGHT
text: Adele and Luke stand by the front steps.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: City hall?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: You must not remember anything. Come
dialog: on.
text: She grabs his hand and they run to the side of the building.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE OF CITY HALL - NIGHT
text: Adele and Luke stand by a basement window, inches off the
text: ground. She looks around. Certain the coast is clear, she
text: pounds on the window in three "special" places, and it pops
text: up and open. She looks at Luke.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: You first.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Why me?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Be a gentleman. You have to help me
dialog: down.
text: As Luke climbs in, we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: A LARGE, MUSLIN-COVERED OBJECT.
text: Slowly, the muslin is drawn off, revealing A STATUE OF A
text: KNEELING SOLIDER, praying before a soldier's grave. We slowly
text: PAN DOWN from the top of the statue...
scene_heading: INT. CITY HALL BASEMENT STORAGE ROOM - NIGHT
speaker_heading: ADELE (O.S.)
dialog: When we were kids, my Dad was mayor,
dialog: and you and me and a bunch of others
dialog: used to come down here all the time.
scene_heading: ON ADELE AND LUKE
text: looking up at the statue in this city hall basement storage
text: room, lit only by a single shaft of moonlight from the window.
text: The muslin covering lay bunched at their feet.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Of course, there was a lot more room
dialog: before they stuck the memorial down
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (looks at the door)
dialog: How'd they get it inside?
speaker_heading: ADELE
text: Through the door. It comes apart.
text: She moves to the memorial. Squinting, she examines its base.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Your name's on here. See?
text: Luke comes over.
scene_heading: ON THE BASE OF THE MEMORIAL -- LUKE'S NAME
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Right here. "Albert Lucas Trumbo."
dialog: And all the others. I knew them all. So did you. We went to
text: school with most of them.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It doesn't seem right, this being
dialog: down here. It ought to be where people
text: can see it.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: After they commissioned it, no one
dialog: could ever agree on where to put it.
dialog: The Methodists wanted it in front of
dialog: the Methodist Church, the
dialog: Presbyterians wanted it in front of
dialog: the Presbyterian Church, the city
dialog: council wanted it in the lobby of
dialog: City Hall. Everyone finally got tired
dialog: of the fighting. So they stuck it
dialog: down here.
text: He looks at her for a long moment. There's an electricity
text: between them, and they both feel it.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: So, you're really gonna be a lawyer?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (suddenly defensive)
dialog: And why not?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Whoa.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Sorry. You don't know how many times
dialog: I've heard that. "A lady lawyer? Are
dialog: you crazy?" Like a woman couldn't be
dialog: as good a lawyer as a man. Or better,
dialog: in fact.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Have you always wanted to be a lawyer?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: You... don't remember, but yes, ever
dialog: since I was a little girl.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What did... what did I want to be?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Oh, well... I guess you... in high
dialog: school, you were a pretty good first
dialog: baseman. And we were on the debate
dialog: team together. But... I think you
dialog: were gonna run the Bijou. You were
dialog: brought up there, and you loved it
dialog: so much. And I think you knew how
dialog: much the town needed a place like
dialog: that.
text: He turns away, rubs his head.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I just wish I could remember some of
dialog: this.
text: He turns back to her.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You don't have a boyfriend or
dialog: anyone... you know... like that?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Actually, I was married. For four
dialog: years. But... well, we didn't fit
dialog: together. I'm divorced now.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: No, it's okay. See, when two people
dialog: belong together, the other person
dialog: should be the... the key that unlocks
dialog: the rest of you... I'm not making
dialog: sense, am I?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (moving toward her)
dialog: No, you are. I know exactly what you
dialog: mean. It's not that you're missing
dialog: something. It's that the other person
dialog: gives something to you... that you
dialog: had all the time. You just didn't
dialog: see it until they came along.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Yeah...
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: We were in love... weren't we?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (then:)
dialog: Hic!
text: She instantly covers her mouth, but it's no good. She has
text: the hiccups again.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Nothing.
dialog: (hic!)
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Do you have the...
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: I'm
dialog: (hic!)
dialog: fine. Really.
dialog: (hic!)
text: Luke smiles and watches Adele as she makes the decision to
dialog: not struggle against the hiccups. She has them, and that's
dialog: just the way it is.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Were we going to get married?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Eventually. We were going to be
dialog: (hic!)
dialog: engaged... when you came back from
dialog: (hic!)
dialog: overseas...
text: He looks at her. She's strikingly beautiful at this particular
text: moment and in this particular light -- hiccups and all. He
text: moves closer to her. She moves closer to him.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (breathless)
dialog: ...but you had to go... serve
dialog: (hic!)
dialog: your country...
text: They kiss passionately. She reaches up and puts her arms
text: around him. He starts kissing her neck, and she suddenly
text: realizes -- she's stopped hiccuping.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Hey... it worked.
text: And as she smiles and kisses him again we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE BIJOU - NIGHT
text: Luke comes down the street and heads for the front door. He
text: has a definite spring in his step as he pulls out his keys
text: and enters.
scene_heading: INT. BIJOU LOBBY - NIGHT
text: It's very dark. Luke is about to swing shut the heavy door,
text: when he looks down and sees
scene_heading: THE ORANGE TABBY CAT
text: shoot into the lobby, stopping in the middle of the floor.
text: It looks at Luke, and PURRS.
text: Luke closes the door and moves to the cat. He crouches down
text: and pets it, and its back rises to meet his hand.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hey, fella. So you live here, too,
dialog: huh? How come Harry didn't mention
dialog: that?
text: The cat moves to the auditorium door, pausing to look back
text: at Luke. Curiosity piqued, Luke follows the cat.
scene_heading: INT. BIJOU BASEMENT HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: In the dim light, we SEE an old mop and pail, some dirty
text: film cans, and a large beat-up cardboard standee of "The
dialog: Tramp" with the legend, "Chaplin Short To-Day."
text: The cat comes around a corner and disappears through a door
text: at the end of a hallway. Luke, following the cat, comes around
text: the same corner and looks at
speaker_heading: THE DOOR.
text: Slightly ajar, there's a light coming from within, as well
text: as the sound of Old Tim softly humming "It's a Long Way to
dialog: Tipperary."
text: Luke moves to the door and knocks.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Um, Old Tim? Sorry, it's late. It's
dialog: Luke. Can I come in?
text: The humming stops, and after a moment, the door swings open,
text: revealing Old Tim, a pipe in his mouth, holding the cat,
text: stroking its fur.
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: Found me.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah. I hope you don't mind. I didn't
dialog: know anyone lived here... well,
dialog: besides Harry. And me.
text: Old Tim moves into the room and gestures for Luke to follow
dialog: him.
scene_heading: INT. OLD TIM'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: The room is lit by a small table lamp next to the neat cot,
text: which is perfectly made, military-style.
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: Not used to visitors.
dialog: (gesturing)
dialog: Sit.
text: Old Tim points to a ragged, overstuffed easy chair next to
text: the "kitchen" area -- a sink, dishes and utensils, a tiny
dialog: icebox.
text: Luke sits in the chair, and Old Tim sits on the cot, facing
text: him. Silence. Luke glances up at a photo atop the bureau.
speaker_heading: ON THE PHOTO
text: It's a much younger Old Tim, looking quite serious and
text: handsome in his Great War doughboy's uniform.
text: The cat jumps down from Old Tim's arms and moves to Luke. He
text: rubs against his legs, purring. Luke leans down to pet him.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: So I guess this fellow belongs to
dialog: you. What's his name?
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: Cat.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Cat. That's simple. I like it.
dialog: (pets Cat)
dialog: Hi, Cat.
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: (sudden change-of-
dialog: subject)
dialog: We thought you was dead, you know.
dialog: (another new thought)
dialog: It's okay that I live here?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Of course.
text: Pause, then suddenly.
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: Do you think I'll get me a new u-u
dialog: uniform?
text: Luke looks up at the old man, who stammers when he speaks
text: more than a couple of words.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'll do everything I can.
text: Old Tim puffs on his pipe, strangely detached.
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: T-t-thank you. Thank you. I... I
dialog: always... I always wanted to wear my
dialog: uniform from the Great War, but your
dialog: daddy, he always said no, that's not
dialog: an usher's u-u-uniform, that's an
dialog: army uniform and the Bijou, she's
dialog: not the army. They give me a medal,
dialog: but I lost it in the h-h-hospital.
dialog: I forget things sometimes. Since the
dialog: w-w-war.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah... me too.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PETE'S APARTMENT (L.A.) - DAY
text: It's a pretty typical bachelor's apartment. The "SAND PIRATES"
text: poster leans up against a chair. Pete's two boxes of
text: belongings from the studio are on the coffee table, the empty
text: bottle of Jack Daniels on top.
text: There's an insistent KNOCK at the door.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Mr. Appleton? Mr. Appleton? You in
dialog: there? This is the Super, I have the
dialog: master key and I'm coming in!
text: We HEAR the key in the lock and the door swings open,
text: revealing the building SUPER, 50s. Behind him is Leo Kubelsky.
text: They enter the room, and the Super sniffs the air.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: You smell gas?
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: Don't smell nothin'. He must not be
dialog: dead in here.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: Hey, it's the best way to tell.
text: Leo moves to the boxes and rummages through them. He picks
text: up the empty bottle, examines it.
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: You think he's drunk somewhere?
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: Wouldn't blame him if he was.
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: Well, his rent's past due and he
dialog: said to call you in case of an
dialog: emergency. He lose his job or
dialog: somethin'?
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: (holding out his
dialog: folding money)
dialog: What's his rent?
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: Thirty a month.
text: Leo peels off a hundred-dollar bill.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Here's three months rent, and a ten
dialog: spot for no more questions and to
dialog: keep an eye on his place. Now, I
dialog: need a moment alone.
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: (examining the bill)
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Take a hike. Am-scray.
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: Huh? Oh, sure. Just pull the door
dialog: shut when you leave.
text: The Super exits and Leo crosses to the phone and dials "O."
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Police department. I want to report
dialog: a missing person.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JUSTICE DEPARTMENT HALLWAY - DAY
speaker_heading: ON A DOOR
scene_heading: It reads: "OFFICE OF THE MAJORITY COUNSEL - MR. ELVIN CLYDE"
scene_heading: AGENT WALTER SAUNDERS and AGENT STEVEN BRETT, both 30s and G-
text: men to the core, hustle into the office.
scene_heading: INT. ELVIN CLYDE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: ELVIN CLYDE is 35, a small, thin-lipped, reptilian man in
text: the Roy Cohn mold. He's on the phone at the moment.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: You say you know nothing about it.
dialog: You say this, yet you offer no proof.
dialog: How am I supposed to believe you?
text: Clyde's SECRETARY knocks on the door, sticks her head in.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Mr. Clyde? Agents Saunders and Brett
dialog: need to see you.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (covering the phone)
dialog: You do see that I'm busy, do you
dialog: not?
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: It's about Appleton.
text: Clyde's eyes brighten.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Tell them to come in.
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I'll have to call you back. I love
dialog: you too, Mother.
text: Saunders and Brett stride into the office.
speaker_heading: SAUNDERS
dialog: We've got a situation developing...
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Will you take those goddamn hats
dialog: off?
text: They stop, shuck off their hats. Saunders starts over again.
speaker_heading: SAUNDERS
dialog: We've got a situation developing out
dialog: on the coast. Appleton's just been
dialog: reported missing.
text: Clyde grins darkly.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: This is good. This is very good.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: Los Angeles Police Department
text: investigated. His car's missing. No
text: signs of forced entry or struggle at
dialog: his apartment.
dialog: Clyde considers this for a beat, then:
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: You two are on this as of now. Tell
dialog: the LAPD their investigation has
dialog: been federalized on my order. You
dialog: find me this Appleton.
dialog: (leans back, smiling)
dialog: I want to see what this one has to
dialog: say.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BIJOU OFFICE - DAY
text: Luke is sitting at the desk, making notes and adding up some
text: figures. He puts his pencil down and rubs his eyes, then
text: looks up at
scene_heading: HARRY AND OLD TIM
text: who are sitting on the floor, going through piles of lobby
text: cards and folded one-sheets like little boys fascinated with
dialog: their baseball cards.
dialog: HE SHIFTS HIS GAZE TO
scene_heading: MRS. TERWILLIGER
text: who is straightening out and dusting the tops of the two or
text: three file cabinets in the corner of the office. As she works,
text: she hums an old song, occasionally breaking into the lyrics:
scene_heading: MRS. TERWILLIGER
dialog: (sings)
dialog: "The object of my affection, Can
dialog: change my complexion, From white to
dialog: rosy red..."
text: Luke takes a breath:
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: Between a new screen, paint, plumbing
dialog: for the concession stand, and about
dialog: a hundred other repairs around the
dialog: theater... it's going to cost at
dialog: least nine hundred dollars to get
text: the Bijou into shape to open up.
scene_heading: MRS. TERWILLIGER
dialog: Oh, my.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: Nine hundred...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: And you have sixty-eight dollars and
dialog: thirty-seven cents in the bank. Your
dialog: only source of income are my veteran's
dialog: death benefit of forty dollars a
dialog: month, to which you're no longer
dialog: entitled since I'm alive, and these
dialog: ten dollar a month cash deposits you
dialog: make. What are those?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (glances at Old Tim)
dialog: They're...
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: That's my r-r-rent.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: It's all my fault. I was neglectful
dialog: and this is the price of that.
scene_heading: MRS. TERWILLIGER
dialog: Don't say that.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Well, it's true. Wanting to open
dialog: this place back up. It's folly, Irene,
dialog: pure and simple. Might as well just
dialog: call it what it is.
dialog: Off everyone's worried looks, we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: A TV SCREEN
text: It's tiny, with rounded corners, black-and-white, and a
text: hopeless chaos of horizontal bars and snow.
speaker_heading: WIDER
scene_heading: INT. LARDNER LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Doc Lardner is fiddling with a brand-new console television
text: set, trying vainly to tune in a clear picture of "Your Show
text: of Shows." He adjusts the dials, fiddles with the rabbit
text: ears, steps back -- and is successful. SID CAESAR And IMOGENE
text: COCA are involved in an elaborate pantomime sketch, and
text: Lardner fairly roars with laughter.
text: He turns to go back to his chair, but the second he does so,
text: the reception goes haywire. He returns to the spot in front
text: of the TV, and the picture is perfect again.
text: The DOORBELL RINGS. He's torn -- if he moves, the picture
text: will break up. The doorbell RINGS again, and we HEAR Adele's
text: voice from upstairs:
speaker_heading: ADELE (O.S.)
dialog: Daddy, that's Luke, can you let him
dialog: in? I'll be right down.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Honey, I... I can't... it's the...
text: There's a KNOCK at the door.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: (giving in)
dialog: Oh, hell...
text: He moves from his spot. The reception goes bad, and he marches
text: to the door.
text: He opens it, and Luke is standing there, wearing a slightly
text: out-of-date coat and tie.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Evening, Luke.
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: Evening, Doctor Lardner.
text: Lardner freezes, staring at Luke.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: (shaken from his
dialog: reverie)
dialog: Uh, no... just seeing you standing
dialog: there, it reminded me... there's a
dialog: word for it...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh, you mean the suit. Harry kept
dialog: all my old clothes. Fits okay, but
dialog: it's a little big.
text: Adele comes down the stairs. Halfway down, she stops suddenly
text: and stares at Luke.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Oh...
text: Awkward pause. Adele's staring at Luke, Lardner's staring at
text: Luke, and Luke's getting nervous.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I shouldn't have worn the suit.
text: Adele comes down the stairs.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: No... you were wearing that suit the
dialog: last time we went out before...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh...
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: ...and it's just... well, deja vu.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: That's it. Deja vu.
text: Another awkward pause as Adele and Luke stare at each other.
text: Lardner breaks it.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: You kids off to the dance?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Aren't you coming?
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: No, I'm not much of a dancer.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (chidingly)
dialog: Besides, Daddy's still trying to
dialog: figure out how to get his new
text: television set working.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: I had it, a minute ago...
text: He glances at the TV set. The picture is suddenly crystal
dialog: clear.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: ...ooooh, It's back.
dialog: (encouraging them
dialog: toward the door)
dialog: Well, you kids have fun now...
text: Adele takes Luke's arm and they exit, exchanging goodnights
text: with Lardner, who closes the door and turns toward the living
dialog: room.
text: S-l-o-w-l-y, he sneaks into the room, watching the TV
text: carefully all the while. The reception is staying perfect.
text: Caesar and Coca are involved in an intricate bit of business,
text: and Lardner wants to laugh, but he's afraid to. He stifles
text: his urge, and heads for his chair. Gingerly, he sits. Still
dialog: perfect.
text: Satisfied, he finally LAUGHS out loud and puts his feet up.
text: The picture goes completely haywire again.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Aw, crap.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Adele and Luke walk along, arm-in-arm.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: This is strange. Do you feel it?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: We've done this before, so many times.
dialog: The last time was so long ago, but
dialog: it feels like yesterday.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: You know, everyone's so excited about
dialog: the Bijou re-opening...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: It's gonna cost over nine hundred
dialog: dollars to open the place, Delly.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: Nine hundred...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah, and needless to say, none of
dialog: us has that kind of money lying
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: What about a loan? You could go to
dialog: the bank...?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: A loan to a man who ran his business
text: into the ground and his son who can't
dialog: account for the last nine-and-a-half
dialog: years of his life? Not likely.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Well, there's got to be a way...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Have you got a cigarette?
text: Adele stops.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: When did you start smoking?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I don't smoke?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: You tried to once. It was pretty
dialog: pitiful.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh.
text: Adele glances curiously at Luke as we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: A CLARINET
text: launching into the opening bars of "Don't Be That Way," an
dialog: old Benny Goodman tune.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY HALL SQUARE - DAY
text: Spencer Wyatt's big ban is comprised of a dozen or so
text: MUSICIANS about Spencer's age -- except for the drummer,
text: AVERY WYATT, 40s, Spencer's dad. Though no Gene Krupa, he
text: pounds the skins pretty well, all the while smiling proudly
text: as his son plays clarinet and leads the band.
text: Despite the last minute decorations, the Square looks nice,
text: hung with multicolored paper lanterns and colored lights.
scene_heading: ON LUKE AND ADELE
text: dancing to the music, along with several other COUPLES.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (nodding toward the
dialog: band)
dialog: They're not bad.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: No, they're not. I'd say your
dialog: investment was paying dividends.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: My what?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Back in '37, you heard Benny Goodman
dialog: play for the first time, so you went
dialog: out and got a used clarinet. You
dialog: wanted nothing more than to be able
dialog: to play like him. You tried hard,
dialog: but it wasn't long before it was
dialog: clear that Benny Goodman would never
dialog: be looking over his shoulder. So you
dialog: gave the clarinet to Spencer.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Huh. That was nice of me.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: You had a hidden agenda, though.
dialog: See, when he was five or six, little
dialog: Spence used to follow you around
dialog: like a puppy. Bothered the hell out
dialog: of you. But as soon as you gave him
dialog: the clarinet...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: ...he started practicing, and he
dialog: left me alone from then on.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Exactly. And he got good.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No kidding.
text: They dance a bit.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Now, did you remember that, or...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Nope. Just filling in the blanks.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Oh. Okay.
dialog: And as they dance away, we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE SAME - LATER
text: ON THE REFRESHMENTS TABLE
text: Luke is pouring two glasses of punch, while Adele is being
text: shyly admired (and having her ear bent) by two twin brothers,
text: ALEX and CHARLIE MCKENNA, mid-20s.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You're the luckiest guy in town,
dialog: Luke. Delly's 'bout the prettiest
dialog: thing ever come outta Lawson.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (to Alex)
dialog: Thanks, Charlie.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I'm Alex. He's Charlie.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'm Charlie.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Yessir, 'bout the prettiest thing we
dialog: ever seen, ain't that right, Charlie?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: You bet.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (ala Mae West)
dialog: Thanks boys, ya flatter me no end.
text: The brothers laugh goofily.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey, she's doin' that movie star,
dialog: what's her name...?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (ignoring his brother)
dialog: Hey, Delly, what was that test you
dialog: was outta town takin'?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: It's called the State Bar Exam.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Shoot!
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Imagine that, Charlie! A lady
dialog: bartender!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE SAME - LATER
text: Adele and Luke are slow dancing to "Thanks for the Memory."
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: How do you tell those two apart,
dialog: anyway?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Alex and Charlie? Simple. Alex is
dialog: the smarter one.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That's... pretty frightening.
text: They laugh and dance a bit more.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Your dancing's very good.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: It never used to be. You were two
text: left feet on the dance floor. Like
dialog: pulling teeth to get you to do a
dialog: little box step.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Guess I must've learned.
text: Luke dances Adele away, a slightly nonplussed expression on
text: her face. The band finishes the song, and everyone
text: enthusiastically APPLAUDS. Spencer bows shyly, blushing
text: slightly. He nods to the band, and they bow before he motions
text: for the crowd's attention.
speaker_heading: SPENCER
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Thanks, folks. Gee, can you tell we
dialog: never played in front of people
dialog: before?
text: The crowd yells "No!," "You guys sound great!," etc.
speaker_heading: SPENCER
dialog: Well, this is our first time, and
dialog: it's really all because of Luke. I
dialog: mean, it's because of Luke coming
dialog: back that we're here tonight -- but
dialog: I'm talking about this.
text: He holds up the clarinet and scans the crowd until he sees
dialog: Luke.
speaker_heading: SPENCER
dialog: (to Luke)
dialog: When you didn't come back, I learned
dialog: how to play this so I could remember
dialog: you. And now that you're back, well,
dialog: I'll never forget you.
dialog: (to the crowd)
dialog: Luke gave me this clarinet, but he
dialog: gave this night to all of us.
text: The crowd APPLAUDS warmly.
speaker_heading: SPENCER
dialog: Okay folks, here's Mayor Cole!
text: The crowd APPLAUDS as Ernie Cole mounts the band riser. He
text: turns and addresses Avery Wyatt, on drums.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Pretty proud of your boy, Avery?
text: Avery smiles broadly and beats the KICK DRUM five or six
text: times to register his reaction.
scene_heading: ON THE KICK DRUM -- "WYATT'S HARDWARE, LAWSON, CALIF."
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Looks like you might have to find
dialog: someone else to mix paint at the
dialog: store, 'cause I think Spencer's got
text: a big career ahead of him.
text: APPLAUSE again, and Ernie waits for it to settle. As soon as
text: he starts speaking, the crowd becomes totally silent.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: You know folks, here in Lawson, we
dialog: gave a lot for our country. A lot.
dialog: And we never complained and we never
dialog: faltered. And we never forgot.
text: Ernie's voice cracks slightly with emotion. He clears his
text: throat and continues.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: We never forgot. And so when one of
dialog: our own came back to us, I gotta
dialog: tell you folks, it was like a miracle.
dialog: Luke, seein' you walking down the
dialog: street, it was... well, it was kinda
dialog: like seein' one of my boys alive
dialog: again. I think I speak for everyone
dialog: here when I say that not a day goes
dialog: by when we don't keep our boys'
dialog: memories alive. But Luke, having you
dialog: back among us... well, it helps us
dialog: keep their spirits alive, too. God
dialog: bless you, son.
text: The crowd APPLAUDS. Adele takes Luke's hand and smiles.
text: Ernie wipes his eyes and changes the subject.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: All right, enough a'that. This is a
dialog: celebration, so let's have us a good
dialog: time -- but not too good a time,
dialog: 'cause I see just about every member
dialog: of the city council here tonight,
dialog: and we have an eight a.m. council
dialog: meeting tomorrow morning, and I expect
dialog: y'all to be there! All right, take
dialog: it away, Spencer!
text: And Spencer kicks the band into the next tune as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: THE SAME - LATER
text: Luke and Adele come over to Harry and Mrs. Terwilliger,
text: standing at the periphery. Old Tim stands a few feet back.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Why don't you two get out there and
dialog: dance?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Oh, no, I...
text: Mrs. Terwilliger blushes.
scene_heading: MRS. TERWILLIGER
dialog: I haven't danced with another man
dialog: since Mr. Terwilliger passed.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: When was that?
scene_heading: MRS. TERWILLIGER
dialog: Nineteen-oh-nine.
text: Harry touches Luke's arm.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Son, we're gonna go. You two kids
dialog: have a lovely time.
text: Goodnights are exchanged, and the trio leaves. Alex McKenna
text: comes up to Adele and taps her on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Delly, can I have a dance?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Sure.
text: Alex leads her to the dance floor as Adele shoots Luke a
text: little "help me!" look. Luke smiles back and watches the
text: dancing crowd. After a moment, a man in a white suit and bow
text: tie, ROSCOE FITTS, 40s, comes over to Luke and extends his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: FITTS
dialog: Luke, you probably don't remember
dialog: me, Roscoe Fitts, I'm the grocer
dialog: here in town.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (shakes his hand)
dialog: Good to meet you. Again.
speaker_heading: FITTS
dialog: Like Ernie said, we're all glad to
dialog: have you back.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: FITTS
dialog: And I hear you and Harry are planning
text: on re-opening the Bijou.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: We're gonna try. Place needs a lot
dialog: of work.
speaker_heading: FITTS
dialog: I can only imagine. You know, I spoke
dialog: with your Dad last year about maybe
dialog: taking the Bijou off his hands. I
dialog: don't think he gave it very much
dialog: thought.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well, he loves the place. It's his
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: FITTS
dialog: Luke, I'm hopping you can help him
dialog: see the reality of the situation.
dialog: I'll come to the point. I want to
dialog: buy the property, and I'm prepared
dialog: to offer six-thousand dollars for
dialog: it. And that's just for the property,
dialog: mind you. If you want, I'll leave it
dialog: to you and your father to dismantle
dialog: and liquidate the building for
dialog: whatever salvage value it has, and
dialog: you keep those proceeds. I just want
dialog: the land.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: That's... well, that's very generous,
dialog: but if you've already got a store...?
speaker_heading: FITTS
dialog: The days of the storefront grocery
dialog: are numbered. I plan on putting up a
text: free-standing supermarket.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (it's an alien word)
dialog: A super market. Huh.
speaker_heading: FITTS
dialog: You think it over. No reason to risk
dialog: financial ruin for the sake of a
text: crumbling old building.
text: Fitts takes Luke's hand and shakes it.
speaker_heading: FITTS
dialog: Good to have you back, Luke.
text: As Luke watches Fitts walk off, we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE SAME - LATER
speaker_heading: ON SPENCER
speaker_heading: SPENCER
dialog: Last dance, folks!
text: The crowd MOANS slightly, and Spencer kicks the band into
text: "Moonlight Serenade," slow and easy.
scene_heading: ON ADELE AND LUKE
text: As they hold each other close and dance. Adele rests her
text: head on Luke's shoulder, her eyes closed. Luke strokes her
text: hair and sways her gently to the music.
text: Luke looks toward the edge of the dance floor.
speaker_heading: LUKE'S POV
text: Bob Leffert is standing there, staring at the band. Mabel
text: comes up behind him and taps him on the shoulder. She's asking
text: him if he would like to dance. Bob looks down at the ground,
text: self-consciously shoves his hook-hand in his pocket and moves
text: away, leaving Mabel standing there.
text: As Luke watches and the MUSIC CONTINUES OVER, WE
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: MONTAGE:
text: Luke and Adele dancing...
text: ...walking slowly arm-in-arm down Adele's street, up her
dialog: walk to her door...
text: ...kissing passionately on her doorstep...
text: ...Adele going inside and Luke walking away, each unable to
dialog: take their eyes off the other...
text: ...Luke walking the quiet streets of Lawson, smiling
dialog: beatifically...
scene_heading: MATCH DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE BIJOU - NIGHT
text: Luke turns the corner and heads for the theater door. He
text: pulls out his keys and enters.
scene_heading: INT. BIJOU LOBBY - NIGHT
text: Luke's about to close the door, when he looks down and sees
speaker_heading: CAT
text: MEOWING at him from the sidewalk. He holds the door open,
text: and Cat shoots into the lobby, disappearing into the
text: auditorium. Luke closes the door... and stops. He HEARS
text: something, and so do we. Soft and faraway, it's a PIANO.
text: The melody is soft, lilting -- almost a lullaby.
text: Luke turns toward the music, which is coming from the
text: auditorium. The piano continues, building slightly in volume.
text: He moves to the auditorium doors and tentatively pushes one
dialog: open.
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM - NIGHT
text: Luke enters, his face bathed in the soft, flickering,
dialog: reflected light of
scene_heading: THE SCREEN.
text: The movie is "The Big Parade." The old, decomposing nitrate
text: print is badly scratched and stained. A young, beautiful
text: Renee Adoree is bidding a tearful farewell to her lover,
text: John Gilbert, as he marches off to fight the Great War.
text: Luke stares at the screen. The look on his face is one of
text: bewilderment -- and awe.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - THE PIANO
text: The rickety old upright is tinny-sounding and slightly out-
dialog: of-tune. But it really doesn't matter.
speaker_heading: CLOSER
text: Mrs. Terwilliger is playing passionately. She never takes
text: her eyes -- which are full of tears -- off the tattered
text: screen, except to close them when she is overcome with
text: emotion. Even so, she never misses a beat.
speaker_heading: HER HANDS
text: fairly dance upon the keys. Stiff and wrinkled as they are,
dialog: they manage to elicit every possible fragment of sensitivity
text: that the old piano can muster.
text: Luke is moved by what he's witnessing. This is the magic...
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - THE CENTER SECTION
text: To the right of Luke, sitting in the center of a row, is Old
text: Tim. Stroking Cat, Old Tim stares at the poignant scene
text: unfolding on the screen, pausing only to wipe his eyes and
text: nose with a handkerchief. He doesn't notice
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: who looks up towards the projection booth.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A BRIGHT, WHITE, FLICKERING LIGHT,
text: filling the frame. We're looking directly into the beam of
text: light radiating from the projector.
text: PUSHING INTO THE LIGHT, we get closer to the windows of the
text: booth. We come out of the beam and can just barely make out
text: the figure of Harry, framed in a small window next to the
text: projector.
text: WE CONTINUE PUSHING IN -- closer and closer -- until Harry's
text: face fills the screen. He is watching the film; his eyes are
text: wide and moist, as though he's experiencing the magic that's
text: unfolding on the screen for the very first time.
text: The warning bell on the projector CHIMES THREE TIMES,
text: signaling the end of the reel. Harry moves away from the
dialog: window.
scene_heading: INT. PROJECTION BOOTH - NIGHT
text: Never taking his eyes off the screen, Harry watches as the
text: film comes to an end and flap! Falp! Falps! Out of the
text: projector. He kills the motor and cranks the carbon arcs
text: apart, and the bright beam dies. It's not the end of the
text: movie, but it is the end of the only fragment they have.
text: Harry moves to the house lights rheostat, and slowly fades
text: them up. This done, he pulls a handkerchief from his back
text: pocket and blows his nose loudly.
text: He crosses back to the projector, unlatches the full take-up
text: reel and takes it down. He's about to move away, when he
text: senses that he's not alone. He looks over the projector to
dialog: see
speaker_heading: LUKE,
text: standing there. Their eyes meet. Someone should say something --
text: both men search for words. Suddenly, Luke feels very out-of-
text: place, almost embarrassed -- as though he's interrupted a
dialog: very private ritual.
text: Harry senses this. Clutching the precious reel of film tightly
text: to his chest, he searches Luke's face and smiles warmly.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Beautiful, wasn't it?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Well, son, I wish I could've shown
dialog: you more, but this is all that's
dialog: left. Just this one reel that never
dialog: got sent back from a picture we showed
dialog: here a long time ago. Nineteen twenty-
dialog: five, to be exact...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Dad, I...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (a tiny laugh)
dialog: Ha!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: ...what?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You know, since you've been back,
dialog: that's the first time you've called
dialog: me "Dad."
text: Father and son look at each other for a long moment --
text: searching each other's eyes. Harry smiles a sort-of half-
text: smile at Luke, and, still clutching the reel, crosses to the
text: rewind bench. Methodically, he mounts it and threads the end
text: of the film onto an empty reel. Slowly, he begins to turn
text: the crank, rewinding the film.
text: He stops and looks to where Luke was standing... but he's
dialog: not there.
scene_heading: ANGLE - PROJECTION BOOTH DOOR
text: Luke is leaning up against the wall just outside of the
text: projection booth.
speaker_heading: ON LUKE
text: As he closes his eyes...
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
speaker_heading: ON HARRY
text: In bed, sound asleep, snoring. A HAND reaches into frame and
text: shakes him awake.
speaker_heading: LUKE'S VOICE
dialog: Harry. Dad, wake up. Wake up.
text: Harry opens his eyes and looks up.
scene_heading: INT. HARRY'S BEDROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (bleary)
dialog: Luke... what time is it?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Six-thirty.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I thought we'd get an early start.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CITY COUNCIL MEETING ROOM - DAY
text: A meeting of the Lawson City Council is in session, Mayor
dialog: Cole presiding. Of the dozen council MEMBERS, we also
text: recognize Avery Wyatt and Roscoe Fitts. VERA DWIGHT, the
text: council secretary, a cherubic woman in her 40s, is reading
text: the minutes of the last meeting.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Finally, Roscoe Fitts moved, and Red
dialog: Curtis seconded, that the council
dialog: form a committee to investigate the
dialog: adoption of a new property taxation
dialog: structure. Motion carried, nine to
dialog: two, one abstention.
text: As Vera speaks, the meeting room door opens and Luke, Harry,
text: Old Time and Mrs. Terwilliger slip inside and take seats on
text: the unoccupied benches.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Thanks, Vera.
text: Ernie notices Luke and the trio.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Well, the chair notes the presence
dialog: this morning of Luke and Harry Trumbo
text: and the rest of the Bijou staff.
text: Frankly, the chair notes the presence
dialog: of just about anyone who ever finds
dialog: their way into one of these meetings.
dialog: G'moring, folks.
speaker_heading: LUKE & THE TRIO
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: I'm just guessing, but I bet it's
dialog: not a sudden interest in Lawson
dialog: politics that brings you all here.
text: Luke stands.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well, no...
dialog: (clears his throat)
dialog: I wanted to thank you all for giving
dialog: me such a nice welcome, and making
dialog: me feel at home. But I... we're...
dialog: actually here on business of a sort...
text: DALEY THORNHILL, 30s, the council parliamentarian, pipes up.
text: He's waving a copy of "Roberts Rules of Order."
speaker_heading: DALEY
dialog: Point of order, Mr. Mayor, this comes
dialog: under the heading "New Business,"
dialog: and this is not the time...
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: I think we can make an exception
dialog: here, Daley.
speaker_heading: DALEY
dialog: It'll need to be moved and seconded.
text: Ernie rolls his eyes, then quickly and mechanically, without
dialog: inflection:
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: All right, motion to hear the speaker
dialog: out of order.
speaker_heading: WYATT
dialog: Seconded.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
text: Motion on the floor, discussion open,
dialog: discussion closed, all those in favor
dialog: signify by saying "aye."
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Aye.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Opposed? Hearing no opposition, the
text: motion is carried.
text: Pause. Ernie turns to Luke and smiles.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Go ahead, son.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Thanks. Well, I'll make this short
dialog: and sweet. The Bijou needs a lot of
dialog: repairs, and the truth of the matter
dialog: is, Harry, um, that is, Dad and me,
dialog: Mrs. Terwilliger and Old Tim, we
dialog: can't possible afford them all. So,
dialog: I'd like to ask your help to... well,
dialog: to scrounge around a bit, and see if
dialog: you have anything that might help us
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: WYATT
dialog: What kinds of things are you talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh, paint, brushes, plaster, light
dialog: bulbs, yardage, and if you can't
dialog: come up with any of that, we can use
text: some old-fashioned elbow grease.
text: Fitts leans forward.
speaker_heading: FITTS
dialog: So... you do intend to fix the place
dialog: up after all?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Mr. Fitts, with all due respect, I
dialog: think Lawson needs the Bijou a bit
dialog: more than it needs a super market.
dialog: And I think Lawson deserves the Bijou.
dialog: There's not a lot that can be done
dialog: to help us get past the pain we've
dialog: all felt...
text: He looks at Harry and smiles.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: ...but I think a good dose of magic
dialog: is as good a place as any to start.
text: The council members MURMUR amongst themselves, then:
speaker_heading: WYATT
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: Motion to encourage the citizenry of
dialog: Lawson to help out the Bijou in any
dialog: way they can...
speaker_heading: DALEY
dialog: (a subtle reminder)
dialog: ...short of the allocation of city
dialog: funds...
speaker_heading: WYATT
dialog: (agreeing)
dialog: ...short of allocation of city funds.
speaker_heading: DALEY
dialog: (enthusiastically)
dialog: Seconded!
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: (brightly)
text: Motion on the floor, discussion open,
dialog: discussion closed, all those in favor
dialog: signify by saying "aye."
speaker_heading: ALL
speaker_heading: AYE!
speaker_heading: ERNIE
text: Hearing no opposition, the motion is
dialog: carried! Congratulations, Luke, you
dialog: got yourself a town to help you out!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CITY HALL BASEMENT STORAGE ROOM - DAY
text: As the entire city council and the Bijou trio looks on, Luke
text: moves to the memorial and pulls down the huge piece of muslin
text: covering it. Harry steps forward and gathers some of it in
text: his arms.
text: Ernie and Daley step forward and look up at the monument.
text: Ernie touches the names of his two sons inscribed on the
text: base of the monument.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: You know, this really ought to be
text: out where people can see it.
text: Luke overhears this last, and as he smiles, he turns to Harry,
text: who brightens as he pulls a large section of the muslin taut
text: between his outstretched arms...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: MONTAGE - WITH SOME HARD-DRIVING BOOGIE-WOOGIE UNDER...
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE SCREEN
text: Harry's on a ladder, snipping the cords holding up the old
text: screen, which is dropping, bit-by-bit, into the arms of Luke
text: and Adele, who are surrounded by a group of LITTLE KIDS,
text: watching the goings-on in wide-eyed awe.
text: Harry snips the last line, and the rest of the old screen
text: drops down on Luke's head. Suddenly... LUKE'S A GHOST!! He
text: raises his arms and plays the bogeyman for the kids, who
text: scream in mock terror and scatter, as Harry and Adele laugh.
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: Old Tim and Harry carry a dilapidated row of seats up the
text: aisle, as Adele and Mabel move in, tearing up the rotten
text: carpeting and sweeping up the dust and debris.
text: The men are having a tough time carrying the seats, and just
text: as they're about to drop the row, someone rushes in next to
text: Harry and grabs his end. It's Carl Leffert. A second later,
text: someone else grabs Old Tim's end.
speaker_heading: BOB LEFFERT
text: has a good purchase on the seats with his good hand and his
text: hook. He nods to Old Tim, who steps away, mopping his brow.
text: Luke smiles as he sees this from the front of the auditorium.
scene_heading: INT. BIJOU LOBBY - DAY
text: Harry, Stanton and Mrs. Terwilliger, with the help of Avery
text: Wyatt and his son Spencer, tear down the rotting draperies
text: and scrape off the wallpaper covering the lobby walls. Then,
text: as Harry, Spencer and Stanton sand down the walls, Avery and
text: Mrs. Terwilliger hand them freshly-mixed cans of red wall
text: paint and brushes. Immediately, they all set to work painting.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BIJOU SIGN - DAY
text: Luke is on the roof of the theater, pliers in hand and tool
text: box nearby. He's just straightened out the "J" and he steps
text: back... carefully... to admire his handiwork. For the first
text: time in a long time, the sign actually reads, "THE BIJOU."
text: But not for long. Luke tenses... the building starts
text: shaking... and the train passes by behind the theater. Luke
text: lunges out of the way as three letters shake lose and fall.
text: Once again, the sign reads, " HE B J U." Luke winces.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY HALL SQUARE - DAY
text: Ernie Cole and Avery Wyatt stand solemnly at the front of a
text: small group gazing at the base of the war memorial, as it
text: takes shape in a prominent place in the square...
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: Harry is on a ladder, attaching the final spring stretcher
text: to a corner of the muslin. It snaps into place, and voila --
text: new screen! Luke, Adele, Doc Lardner, and Sheriff Eldridge,
text: standing below, applaud enthusiastically.
scene_heading: INT. ORCHESTRA PIT - DAY
text: As work progresses all around her, Mrs. Terwilliger has just
text: finished dusting off the piano. She opens the keyboard cover
text: and trails her hand delicately over the keys. She sits, closes
text: her eyes, and begins to play -- Chopin's Op. 10 Etude No. 3 --
text: delicate, flowing music. Even though the piano is a bit out
dialog: of tune, it's still beautiful.
text: As she plays, all the work slowly comes to a halt. Before
text: long, all eyes are on her. Everyone's listening.
dialog: Transported.
text: After a moment, she stops. Overcome. Everyone applauds.
text: Surprised, Mrs. Terwilliger stands, and, blushing, bows.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That was beautiful.
scene_heading: MRS. TERWILLIGER
dialog: I taught you that.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I can play the piano?
scene_heading: MRS. TERWILLIGER
dialog: (all fluttery)
dialog: Oh dear, yes. You were an excellent
dialog: student, before all that clarinet
dialog: nonsense. You loved Chopin. You used
dialog: to call it "heaven music." "Teach me
dialog: some heaven music," you used to say.
text: She sits at the piano.
scene_heading: MRS. TERWILLIGER
dialog: Sit. Play with me.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No, I...
scene_heading: MRS. TERWILLIGER
dialog: Some of it might come back to you.
text: Reluctantly, Luke sits down to her left. As she begins to
text: play a Chopin waltz, she encourages him to keep the 3/4 time.
scene_heading: MRS. TERWILLIGER
dialog: That's good... that's good...
text: But it's clear Luke has no idea what he's doing. He's just
text: plunking bass notes. But after a moment, the bass figures
text: he's improvising start to change -- and before long, it's
text: transformed into the eight-to-the-bar figure of a boogie
text: woogie beat. Mrs. Terwilliger stops playing, annoyed.
scene_heading: MRS. TERWILLIGER
dialog: Really, Luke! That's no way to treat
dialog: Mr. Chopin!
text: She stands and moves away. Luke keeps playing, grinning madly --
text: he's loving it! After a moment, Spencer Wyatt runs over and
text: takes Mrs. Terwilliger's place, improvising the top half to
text: Luke's bass line.
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
text: is tapping his foot to the beat. He turns to Adele and says:
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: I taught him that.
text: Off Adele cracking up.
text: THE MONTAGE CONTINUES...
scene_heading: EXT. THE BIJOU SIGN - DAY
text: Luke and all the letters up again. He steps back, checks his
text: watch, and like clockwork, the rumbling begins and a train
text: goes by. This time, however, only the "J" tips over at a
text: jaunty angle. Luke smiles.
scene_heading: INT. MABEL'S DINER - DAY
text: Luke, Adele and Harry, wearing coveralls, sit at the counter,
text: devouring hefty plates of turkey with dressing and mashed
text: potatoes and gravy. Luke's and Adele's hair is practically
text: white from plaster dust and Harry's face and hands are stained
text: with paint specks.
text: At the other side of the counter, Mabel is chatting amiably
text: with Bob Leffert. She smiles at him warmly, then turns to
text: refill Harry's coffee cup. Harry thanks her, then turns back
text: to the newspaper he's reading.
scene_heading: INSERT - THE FRONT PAGE OF THE LAWSON JOURNAL-AMERICAN
text: Prominent is the black-and-white photo of a little boy and a
text: policeman holding up Pete's jacket, with the accompanying
dialog: headline:
scene_heading: BOY, 5, FINDS SUSPECTED RED'S
scene_heading: JACKET ON SANTA BARBARA BEACH
dialog: Hollywood Writer Feared Dead
dialog: Were Red Agents Involved?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE BIJOU SIGN - NIGHT
text: Luke's standing near the sign. He yells to Adele, down below
text: on the ground. She, in turn, yells to Harry, standing near a
text: switch panel behind the candy counter. He throws the switch...
text: ...and the sign lights up beautifully! Then, they all feel
text: the rumble -- the train rolls past, and, although they rattle
text: and shake, no letters fall. A CHEER goes up from Adele, Harry,
text: and the small crowd of ONLOOKERS below. Delighted, Luke takes
text: a formal bow. The boogie-woogie ends as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CITY HALL SQUARE - DAY
text: ON THE MEMORIAL
text: Complete and polished, standing proudly in the center of the
dialog: square.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: It's a clear, balmy day, and the whole town is turned out.
text: Mayor Ernie Cole is at the podium. He finishes his remarks,
text: then picks up the two faded gold stars representing the lost
text: lives of his sons. He holds them up, high above his head.
dialog: ON THE CROWD
text: One-by-one, the gold stars of the town's boys are solemnly
text: held aloft by their loved ones.
text: Luke and Harry stand at the side of the square, looking out
text: at the sea of four or five dozen gold stars being held aloft.
text: Luke catches a glimpse of a man in an army uniform...
speaker_heading: LUKE'S POV
text: It's Bob Leffert, standing with Mabel, looking very sharp in
text: his dress greens. He brings his hook-hand up and salutes
text: smartly. Mabel takes his good hand, squeezes it as she blinks
text: back tears.
text: Luke smiles at this scene as Harry wipes his eyes and puts
text: his arm around Luke's shoulder, pulls him close and kisses
text: him on the forehead.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: THE SAME - LATER
text: The Lawson High School Marching Band is set up on the steps
text: of City Hall, playing the "Star Spangled Banner." They are
text: being conducted by their director, MR. PHILLIPS. Luke and
text: Harry, hands over their hearts, watch and sing along. Then,
text: Luke takes a closer look at the DRUM MAJOR...
text: ON THE DRUM MAJOR,
text: a tall young man wearing an ornate brocaded red and white
text: uniform with "LHS" emblazoned across the chest.
speaker_heading: ON LUKE
text: He has an idea. The anthem ends, and Luke excuses himself
text: and moves forward, buttonholing Mr. Phillips as he comes
dialog: down the steps...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BIJOU - DAY
text: Luke and Adele are on ladders, hanging letters on the marquee,
dialog: which reads:
scene_heading: GRAND RE-OPENING TONIGHT!
speaker_heading: GENE KELLY
scene_heading: AN AMERICAN IN PARIS
text: Harry comes outside and gets their attention. Grandly, he
text: gestures toward the door, and out strides
speaker_heading: OLD TIM,
text: wearing his new uniform -- it's the Lawson High School drum
text: major's uniform, modified here and there. "B-I-J-O-U" is
text: proudly emblazoned across his chest in gold brocaded letters.
text: Luke and Adele applaud. Old Time looks up at them -- AND
speaker_heading: SMILES!
scene_heading: INT. BIJOU LOBBY - NIGHT
text: Old Tim stands at attention, clutching the front door handle.
text: Mrs. Terwilliger, wearing a new dress, her hair newly and
text: perfectly coiffed, stands at the ready at her candy counter,
text: ready to sell tickets and refreshments.
text: Harry and Luke nervously pace the lobby. Luke checks his
text: watch. It's time. He shakes Harry's hand, and nods to Old
text: Tim, who swings the door open...
speaker_heading: ON THE DOOR
text: Immediately, PATRONS come flooding into the theater. Luke
text: exchanges surprised glances with Harry -- then walks outside.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE THEATER
text: Luke comes out and looks down the block.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: The line of PATRONS stretches two deep down the block and
text: around the corner.
text: Luke smiles. Success.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: THE BIJOU'S MARQUEE -- "FRED ASTAIRE - ROYAL WEDDING"
scene_heading: INT. BIJOU LOBBY - DAY
text: Luke's selling tickets from behind the candy counter while
text: Mrs. Terwilliger sells refreshments to a line of CUSTOMERS.
text: Luke sells a ticket to a WOMAN, who moves away, revealing
text: BOB LEFFERT AND MABEL.
text: Luke smiles at Bob, who smiles back, his eyes now fairly
text: dancing with life. He plunks down his admission, and Luke
text: hands him two tickets, which he takes with his hook-hand.
text: Mabel smiles at Luke, takes Bob's good hand, and they move
text: away, revealing A FARMER AND HIS WIFE, 50s.
text: The Farmer steps up and holds out a plucked chicken by its
dialog: neck.
text: Luke, surprised, jumps back -- then smiles, pulls off two
text: tickets, and exchanges them for the chicken.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: THE BIJOU'S MARQUEE -- "THE DAY THE EARTH STOOD STILL"
scene_heading: INT. BEHIND THE SCREEN - NIGHT
text: The only light back here is the light of the movie, spilling
text: through the screen. Luke is straightening up the backstage
text: storage area, when Adele taps him on the shoulder. He turns,
text: and she throws her arms around his neck and kisses him. She
text: hands him a paper to read.
speaker_heading: ON THE PAPER
text: Luke angles it so he can read it by the light of the screen.
speaker_heading: IT SAYS:
dialog: California State Bar Association
scene_heading: ADELE LOUISE LARDNER
dialog: has PASSED the State Bar examination.
text: Luke, thrilled, grabs Adele and picks her up, twirling her
text: around with joy. He sets her down and kisses her passionately.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: THE BIJOU'S MARQUEE -- "SAND PIRATES OF THE SAHARA"
scene_heading: INT. PROJECTION BOOTH - NIGHT
text: Harry is frantically threading the changeover projector. The
text: bell on the running projector DINGS! once, signalling that
text: the reel is coming to an end. Harry looks out the window at
text: the screen, then back to the task at hand.
scene_heading: INT. BIJOU LOBBY - NIGHT
text: Luke comes out of the office carrying a folded movie poster.
text: With a satisfied smile, he walks through the lobby, admiring
text: how handsome the old place looks. Old Tim, snappily attired
text: in his uniform, is sweeping a tiny pile of debris into a
text: dustpan. Mrs. Terwilliger is straightening up the candy
dialog: counter. All is well.
text: Luke goes to the lobby's poster case. He opens it, and unfolds
text: a brand-new one-sheet poster for "SAND PIRATES" -- the same
text: design as the one-sheet we saw in Pete's apartment.
text: Methodically, he thumbtacks the poster up and closes the
dialog: case.
text: As Luke passes the auditorium doors, a MAN comes out of the
text: theater and crosses to the candy counter. The door stays
text: open for a moment, and Luke decides to duck inside and catch
dialog: a bit of the picture.
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM - NIGHT
scene_heading: ON THE SCREEN - "SAND PIRATES OF THE SAHARA"
text: The second-to-last reel of a black-and-white early-50's
text: programmer. It's nighttime in the desert. A huge full moon
text: hangs over a B-movie soundstage version of the pyramids.
text: GREGORY, a dark, handsome leading man in a pith helmet is
text: engaged in a fierce swordfight with KHALID, the villain.
text: Pete takes a seat on the aisle near the door.
speaker_heading: GREGORY (ONSCREEN)
dialog: You don't think you can win this, do
dialog: you?
text: Khalid lunges and draws Gregory's blood.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (ala "Khalid")
dialog: "Ha! I'd say I was winning!"
speaker_heading: KHALID (ONSCREEN)
dialog: Ha! I'd say I was winning!
dialog: Luke's look is "How did I know he was gonna say that?"
text: Onscreen, an EVIL HENCHMAN is sneaking up behind Gregory.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: "Gregory! Look out!"
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (ONSCREEN)
dialog: Gregory! Look out!
dialog: Pete did it again.
text: Onscreen, Gregory turns and kills the Henchman, then quickly
text: dispatches Khalid. He stands over the body, catches his breath
dialog: and says:
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: It's all right, Rebecca.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Is he dead?
speaker_heading: GREGORY
dialog: Yes, Rebecca. He's dead.
text: REBECCA, a beautiful American woman, comes into view and
text: takes our attention because she's being played by Sandra
text: Sinclair, Pete Appleton's ex-girlfriend...
speaker_heading: ON LUKE
text: His mouth is gaping open. He stares at the screen.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Sandra...?
text: Luke stands. Confused, he stumbles backward, moving into the
text: lobby as the Man goes back into the auditorium with his
text: popcorn and the door closes.
scene_heading: INT. BIJOU LOBBY - NIGHT
text: Luke is staring at the closed auditorium doors. Old Tim and
text: Mrs. Terwilliger take note of his odd behavior.
scene_heading: MRS. TERWILLIGER
dialog: Luke? Dear, are you all right?
text: Without answering, Luke turns and runs to the poster case.
scene_heading: ON THE POSTER - "SAND PIRATES OF THE SAHARA"
text: Forget the cheesy B-movie artwork. As Luke looks at the
text: poster, it's clear that he's remembering something. He looks
text: at the picture of Sandra -- then scans down to the credits
text: block at the bottom of the poster. His eyes lock upon
scene_heading: WRITTEN BY PETER APPLETON
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: My god... my god... no...
text: Suddenly, all of Pete Appleton's worries have come crashing
text: down on him...
dialog: ...because he remembers...
scene_heading: INT. PROJECTION BOOTH - NIGHT
text: The warning bell DINGS! twice, but the changeover projector's
text: carbon arcs keep sputtering and the motor keeps dying.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Oh, baby, make your daddy happy...
text: Harry's trying to keep the projector going, as the previous
text: reel is about to end. Given no other choice, he finally gives
text: the changeover projector a good swift kick.
text: It hums to life. A perfect changeover. Harry pets the
text: projector.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: You're a good girl. No matter what I
dialog: say.
text: As he turns away, he feels a sudden, sharp pain in his left
text: arm. Wincing, he grabs his arm, staggers back towards a chair,
text: and sits heavily.
text: He tries to clear his throat, but it dissolves into a hacking,
text: choking COUGH. He tries to stand, but drops to his knees,
text: clutching his left arm harder than before.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (in pain)
dialog: Oh, Jesus...
text: Harry falls to the floor, and as he does
speaker_heading: THE FILM
text: breaks in the projector gate... flap! Flap! Flap!...
scene_heading: INT. BIJOU LOBBY - NIGHT
text: Luke is still staring at the poster, lost in thought.
text: Offscreen, we HEAR the audience WHISTLING AND HOOTING in
text: reaction to the broken film.
text: Mrs. Terwilliger has been calling Luke's name, but he doesn't
text: come out of his stupor until Old Tim comes up behind him and
text: spins him around...
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: Mr. Luke!
text: Luke stares wide-eyed at the old man.
scene_heading: MRS. TERWILLIGER
dialog: Luke! Luke, something's wrong!
dialog: The film broke, and I can't raise Harry on the house phone!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (still dazed)
dialog: What?
scene_heading: MRS. TERWILLIGER
dialog: You've got to talk to them before
dialog: they tear the theater apart!
text: Finally, Luke pulls himself together, hears the audience
text: noise, and moves toward the auditorium doors.
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM - NIGHT
text: Amid the shouting and tossing of popcorn and debris, Luke
text: tries to regain his composure as he strides down the aisle
text: toward the stage.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Come on, folks, this happens every
dialog: once in a while, just settle down...
text: The crowd quiets down a bit. Luke shields his eyes from the
text: light and calls up to the projection booth.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Harry! Harry, why don't you cut the
dialog: projector and bring up the house
dialog: lights?
text: No reaction. Just the flickering beam of light.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Harry? Harry...?
text: Luke, gripped by a sudden fear, rushes up the aisle and into
text: the lobby. The crowd goes silent...
scene_heading: INT. BIJOU LOBBY - NIGHT
text: Old Tim and Mrs. Terwilliger watch as Luke tears into the
text: lobby and makes for the balcony stairs...
scene_heading: INT. BALCONY - NIGHT
text: ...and charges between the seats and up the stairs to the
text: projection booth.
scene_heading: INT. PROJECTION BOOTH - NIGHT
text: Luke bursts in the sees Harry on the floor. He rushes over
text: and kneels down next to him.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Jesus...
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (with difficulty)
dialog: The film broke...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I know, I know... keep still.
text: A MAN pops his head into the projection booth door.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (to the man)
dialog: Get Doc Lardner.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HARRY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Harry is in bed, eyes closed. Doc Lardner has a stethoscope
text: to his chest. He leans up and pats Harry's hand.
text: He stands and comes over to Luke and Adele, who are near the
text: door. Just outside, angling for a view into the room, are
text: Old Tim and Mrs. Terwilliger.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
text: It's a pretty massive heart attack.
text: His lungs have filled with fluid,
dialog: and, well... it seems as though his
dialog: body is just... shutting down.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Can we get him to the hospital?
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: Even if we could, and the move didn't
dialog: kill him, there'd be very little we
dialog: could do there that we can't do here.
text: (puts his hand on
dialog: Luke's shoulder)
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Harry's eyelids flutter.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Did you... did you...
text: Luke rushes to Harry's side and takes his hand.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'm here.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Did you... did you...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Did I what?
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (irritated)
dialog: Did you fix the damn film? It broke
text: in the last reel.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I know. Everyone went home. We offered
dialog: them refunds.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Anybody take it?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: A few.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (closes his eyes)
dialog: Vultures...
text: Luke smiles.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: I'm not happy about this, mind you,
dialog: but if I have to go, at least I'm
dialog: going in my own bed, the same bed my
dialog: Lily died in, and... knowing that my
dialog: son is alive. That's not too shabby,
dialog: is it?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You're not going anywhere, Harry.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: Don't tell me, I know about these
dialog: things. I've seen it before. It's
dialog: all right. It's... all right. You're
dialog: here. Oh, God, I love you, son.
text: Harry smiles. Luke kisses his hand and leans up, whispering
dialog: in Harry's ear:
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: And I love you... Dad.
text: Harry smiles faintly, looks at Luke. He nods, then closes
text: his eyes.
speaker_heading: HARRY
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Oh, so... much... lighter...
text: Slowly, Harry exhales. His face relaxes, completely at peace.
text: He doesn't breathe again.
text: Luke looks at Harry's face for a moment. Then as the tears
text: well up, he leans over and ever-so-gently places a kiss on
text: Harry's forehead.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LAWSON CEMETERY - DAY
text: It's a beautiful, bright, sunny day. Luke and Adele stand at
text: the front of the large group of mourners. REVEREND COLEMAN,
dialog: 50s, conducts the service.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: We commit to the earth the mortal
dialog: remains of Harry Bernard Trumbo,
dialog: safe in the knowledge that his
dialog: immortal soul is at peace and at
dialog: last reunited with his beloved Lillian
dialog: in the bosom of the Lord. Let us
dialog: pray.
text: Everyone bows their heads.
speaker_heading: COLEMAN
dialog: "The Lord is my shepherd, I shall
dialog: not want, he maketh me to lie down
dialog: in green pastures..."
text: Luke looks up at the sky, then steps forward and lays a single
text: rose on Harry's casket. Then, as everyone surreptitiously
text: watches, he turns and walks away from the gravesite, toward
text: the cemetery entrance.
text: Adele watches Luke depart...
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: ...and she's not alone. Agents Saunders and Brett are watching
text: everything from their car, which is parked nearby.
text: As Luke walks away, Saunders snaps his photo with a long-
dialog: lens camera...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: THE BASE OF THE WAR MEMORIAL,
text: and Luke's name inscribed there.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY HALL SQUARE - DUSK
text: Luke stands in front of the memorial, head bowed. After a
text: moment, he sits, leaning against the memorial.
speaker_heading: ON LUKE
text: Lost in thought, he buries his face in his hands.
speaker_heading: ADELE'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Mind if I join you?
text: Luke looks up, squinting. Adele stands above him, backlit by
text: the golden light of the sundown.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Sure.
text: She sits next to him. Tentatively, she touches his shoulder.
text: He leans into her, and she enfolds her arm in his.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Your father said... that I would
dialog: start to remember things.
text: Suddenly, Adele feels as though she's walking on eggshells.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: What... do you remember?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well... everything. It started coming
dialog: back a couple of days ago. I remember
dialog: everything now.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: I see...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Delly. I'm... I'm not... Harry wasn't
dialog: my father. And I'm not... I'm not
dialog: Luke.
text: She closes her eyes. All her suspicions are suddenly
dialog: confirmed.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (adrift)
dialog: Oh...
text: Her tears start, and she moves to hug Luke -- but instead,
text: she starts hitting him, flailing, beating on his chest. He
text: hugs her tightly, and she completely lets go.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (crying)
dialog: Oh, god, I knew! I knew! I knew from
dialog: the start! I wanted you to be Luke!
dialog: I wanted you to be alive! You're so
dialog: much like him, you have no idea. No
dialog: wonder everyone else accepted you!
dialog: You don't know what you -- what Luke
dialog: meant to this town, suddenly being
dialog: alive! You don't know what this town
dialog: lost! You just don't know...
text: She pulls away, stands, and looks him in the eye. Luke rises.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (sobbing uncontrollably)
dialog: I knew you weren't Luke! And I tried
dialog: not to fall in love with you! And...
dialog: I don't even know your name! Oh,
dialog: god...
text: Luke moves toward her. She backs away.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I fell in love with you, too, Delly.
dialog: Only now I don't know how I feel,
dialog: about you or about anything. I only
dialog: think I know how Luke would feel.
text: She's still sobbing. He moves to her, takes her in his arms.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Delly, shhhhhh...
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (pulling away)
dialog: No... I can't... I have to... I
dialog: can't...
text: She runs off, crying...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. MABEL'S DINER - DAY
scene_heading: ON SHERIFF ELDRIDGE,
text: making short work of a steak and eggs. As he powers down his
text: meal, Agents Saunders and Brett, distinctly out-of-place in
text: their dark suits and hats, enter the diner. They take note
dialog: of Eldridge, and come over.
speaker_heading: SAUNDERS
dialog: Are you the sheriff?
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: And I got the uniform to prove it.
speaker_heading: SAUNDERS
dialog: I'm Special Agent Walter Saunders,
dialog: this is Special Agent Steven Brett,
dialog: FBI. May we have a word with you?
text: They flash identification, which Eldridge notes.
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: (gesturing)
dialog: Please, sit.
text: They sit across from Eldridge. As Saunders speaks, Agent
text: Brett pulls a photo from his coat pocket.
speaker_heading: SAUNDERS
dialog: A couple of days ago, a county flood
dialog: control maintenance crew pulled a
text: car out of the Lawson Wash ocean
dialog: outlet. They checked its registration,
dialog: and when the owner was identified,
dialog: they notified us.
text: Agent Brett slides the photo toward Eldridge.
speaker_heading: ON THE PHOTO
dialog: It's Peter Appleton -- Luke.
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Well, that'd be Luke Trumbo. Looks
dialog: like you boys've solved a little
dialog: mystery we've had going on for a few
dialog: months.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: Sir, that's a photo of man named
dialog: Peter Appleton. He's been missing
dialog: from Los Angeles for close to three
dialog: months now.
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: What? No, there's got to be a...
speaker_heading: SAUNDERS
dialog: Sheriff -- this man is a suspected
dialog: communist.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF'S OFFICE - DAY
dialog: (Oh, and by the way, from here on, he's PETE again.)
text: Pete sits across from Eldridge, Saunders and Brett. The
text: silence in the room is thick.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Am I under arrest?
text: Eldridge glances at Agent Saunders, who stares at Pete
text: impassively.
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: Well, no, but these gentlemen would
dialog: like to get some answers...
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I don't know what else to tell you.
text: I wasn't hiding out. I hit my head
dialog: and I didn't remember anything until
dialog: a few days ago.
speaker_heading: SAUNDERS
dialog: Now that you remember who you are,
dialog: were you planning on telling anyone
dialog: your true identity?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I already have.
speaker_heading: SAUNDERS
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: My girlfriend. If she still is...
speaker_heading: SAUNDERS
dialog: (checking his notebook)
dialog: Would that be Miss Sinclair?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (ironic smile)
dialog: No. No, not Miss Sinclair. I'm talking
dialog: about Adele Lardner.
text: Agent Saunders glances at Eldridge.
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: The doctor's daughter. She was Luke
text: Trumbo's sweetheart.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: SAUNDERS
dialog: Mr. Appleton, I have reason to believe
dialog: you're holding something back, and
dialog: that just rubs me the wrong way.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Sir, are you a communist?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: No. Absolutely not.
speaker_heading: SAUNDERS
dialog: All right. All right. We'll see.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SHERIFF'S STATION - DAY
text: Pete comes out into the bright midday sun. It takes a moment
text: for his eyes to adjust, and when they do, he becomes aware
text: of perhaps TWENTY PEOPLE lining the sidewalk in front of the
dialog: station.
speaker_heading: PETE'S POV
text: We recognize several of the people. Carl Leffert. Bob Leffert
dialog: and Mabel Lanier. Daley Thornhill. Katie Rutherford. Stanton
dialog: Lawson. Now, there's nothing in the least bit threatening
dialog: about the gathering -- and that's what's so disturbing about
text: it. They're not an angry mob, they're just standing there,
text: running the gamut of emotions.
text: Shock. Disillusionment. Betrayal.
text: It's an awkward moment. Pete doesn't quite know how to react.
dialog: He wants to go over and talk to them, but he wouldn't know
dialog: what to say. He wishes one of them would talk to him, just
text: say something, anything. But no one does.
text: Then, Bob Leffert turns away from Pete. He shoves his hook
text: hand into his pocket and sullenly moves away, followed by
text: Mabel, then his brother, then the others...
text: ...leaving Pete alone.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BIJOU LOBBY - NIGHT
text: Old Tim, in his doorman's uniform, stands by the open, empty
dialog: door.
text: Mrs. Terwilliger, behind the candy counter, wipes up an
text: imaginary spill, a full wheel of unsold tickets by her elbow.
text: Pete anxiously paces the lobby. He looks into
scene_heading: THE AUDITORIUM.
text: Every seat is empty.
text: He glances at his watch, then turns to Old Tim and Mrs.
dialog: Terwilliger:
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Let's close up.
text: As Mrs. Terwilliger and Old Tim silently shamble off, Pete
text: goes over and flips OFF several light switches. Most of the
text: theater goes dark.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE BIJOU SIGN - NIGHT
text: Pete sits leaning up against the base of the dark sign. A
text: gentle breeze tousles his hair as he gazes up at the stars.
text: After a moment, he HEARS footsteps coming up the ladder to
dialog: the roof.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Who's that?
speaker_heading: ADELE'S VOICE
dialog: It's me.
text: Adele climbs onto the roof, comes over and sits down next to
dialog: Pete.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Hi.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Hi.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: I'm sure a lot of people down in
dialog: L.A. are worried sick about you.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Yeah? I'm sure a lot more people
dialog: down in L.A. want a piece of me.
text: He turns to her.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: This Luke was a pretty good guy,
dialog: wasn't he?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (wistful smile)
dialog: Oh, yes. Yes, he was.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Well... let me tell you, I'm not
dialog: Luke. I know who I am now, and you
dialog: don't. And... I don't like me very
dialog: much.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (changing the subject)
dialog: You know, it's going to take me a
dialog: while to get used to calling you
dialog: Pete.
dialog: (she takes it for a
dialog: spin)
dialog: Pete. Pete. It's a nice name.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Thanks, I like it. I think.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Delly, I want to do the right thing.
text: Pete can't believe he just said that -- but he did.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: I believe you.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: The truth is, I'm a lot of things,
dialog: but communist isn't one of them.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: But if you only went to one meeting,
dialog: why does anyone care? Besides, why
dialog: should it even matter if you were a
dialog: communist?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Come on, Delly, look at the country
dialog: today. We're fighting communists in
dialog: Korea, we're paranoid about the
dialog: Russians, we've got this thing with
dialog: the Rosenbergs and the atomic bomb...
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: You think they want "suspected
dialog: communists" entertaining the American
dialog: public with party propaganda like,
dialog: gosh I don't know, "Sand Pirates of
dialog: the Sahara?"
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Forget about all that. You want to
dialog: do the right thing? Then defend your
dialog: name. If someone says something about
dialog: you that's untrue, you have to stand
dialog: up and say so. I know the law, and
dialog: the law's on your side.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: What about you, Delly?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: I am, too.
text: Pete smiles and puts his arms around her.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: You'll stand by me?
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Whatever happens.
dialog: They kiss, and we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. RORY'S GAS STATION - MORNING
text: There's a thick bank of coastal fog just down the road,
text: obscuring any view of the ocean a mile away. It's deadly
text: quiet as gas station owner RORY, late 60s, pulls up and parks
text: his Model A truck. He gets out, and an big old German
text: Shepherd, LOTTIE, jumps out of the truck bed.
text: Rory moves to the door, and is about to put his key in the
text: lock, when Lottie starts whining, looking toward the fog
text: bank and sniffing the air expectantly.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Whatsit, girl?
text: He stops -- he hears something, too -- a LOW RUMBLE. Lottie
text: starts BARKING. The RUMBLE is getting LOUDER. Rory's getting
text: worried. He looks at
text: THE FOG BANK.
text: It's starting to GLOW from within. Lottie's barking gets
text: LOUDER and angrier. Suddenly, a large black car punches out
text: of the fog bank and tears down the road. It's followed by
text: another, and another -- and perhaps a dozen more cars and
text: trucks, all heading hell-bent-for-leather toward the town.
text: Rory moves toward Lottie, trying to quiet her as the cars
text: fly past the station.
speaker_heading: RORY
dialog: Shhhhh. I know, Lottie. This time, I
dialog: thought it was the Martians for sure.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COMMERCE STREET - DAY
text: The place is bedlam, overflowing with REPORTERS, NEWSREEL
text: CAMERA CREWS, PHOTOGRAPHERS, you name it.
text: A RADIO CREW is broadcasting in front of Mabel's Diner. The
text: REPORTER is on-the-air, hugging his microphone, speaking
text: above the din. Mabel stands next to him, his hand on her
text: shoulder. Bob Leffert stands nearby, grim.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: I'm here with Mabel Lanier, the owner
dialog: of the diner here on Commerce Street
dialog: where Appleton often took meals.
dialog: Mrs. Lanier, tell me, what are your
dialog: thoughts about having such a
dialog: celebrated suspected communist in
dialog: your midst all this time?
speaker_heading: MABEL
dialog: Well, its kinds hard to believe,
dialog: 'cause Luke -- I mean Peter -- is
dialog: such a... I mean, since he's been
dialog: back, I've never seen the town so
dialog: happy and all. It's like he gave us
dialog: some... I don't know... some hope, I
dialog: guess.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: What she's referring to folks, is
dialog: yet another bizarre twist in this
dialog: story. Not only is Appleton alive,
text: but he's been suffering from amnesia
dialog: and living here in Lawson, where,
text: due to a startling resemblance,
dialog: everyone in town for the last three
dialog: months has taken him for one of
dialog: Lawson's dead war heroes, Albert
dialog: Trumbo...
speaker_heading: MABEL
dialog: (a catch in her voice)
dialog: Luke. We always called him Luke.
text: Mabel glances at Bob, who lowers his head.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BIJOU OFFICE - DAY
text: Pete is at the desk, staring into space. Adele leans against
text: the radiator behind him. The silence in the room is thick.
text: Across the desk from Pete sits Leo Kubelsky.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: The FBI can't arrest you, because
dialog: you haven't done anything wrong.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Well, that's a relief. I understand
dialog: they usually don't let that stop
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: However... you're gonna be subpoenaed
dialog: to testify before the Un-American
dialog: Activities Committee when they open
dialog: hearings in Los Angeles. Now, if you
dialog: play ball and tell them what they
dialog: want to hear, they'll clear you.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: And I won't be a communist anymore.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Exactly.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: So it doesn't make any difference
dialog: that I'm not one now, and have never
dialog: been one.
text: Leo stands and walks to the window.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Kid, don't get philosophical with
dialog: me. This is a game, but it's not
dialog: your game. You play by their rules,
dialog: or they'll ruin you. And they have
dialog: the power to do it.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Doesn't it bother anyone that this
dialog: is a perversion of democracy?
text: Leo turns to her and smiles. His tone is charmingly matter-
text: of-factly, not condescending in the least.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Darling, don't kid yourself. We don't
dialog: have a "democracy" in this country.
dialog: The Declaration of Independence? The
dialog: Constitution? These are pieces of
dialog: paper with signatures on 'em. And
dialog: you know what a piece of paper with
dialog: a signature is? It's a contract. And
dialog: you know what a contract is? Something
dialog: that can be re-negotiated at any
dialog: time. It just so happens that the
dialog: House Un-American Activities Committee
dialog: is re-negotiating the contract this
dialog: time around.
text: Leo takes out a cigarette, lights it.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Next time, it might be the FBI. The
dialog: time after that, it might be the
dialog: President. But it'll always be
dialog: someone. Count on it.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: That's not the country Luke fought
dialog: for.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Lest we forget, Peter, your own
dialog: military career was somewhat less
dialog: illustrious than Luke's.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: It's wrong, Leo.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Peter, don't let that stop you all
dialog: of a sudden.
text: Leo pulls a folded paper from his coat pocket and hands it
dialog: to Pete.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Here. When you're called, read this
dialog: to them. Just tell the bastards what
dialog: they want to hear, and we can all
dialog: get on with our lives.
text: There's a knock at the door. Leo opens it. Standing there is
text: a small MAN wearing a serious suit and an even more serious
dialog: fedora.
speaker_heading: THE MAN
dialog: Peter Appleton?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (standing)
dialog: You found him.
text: The Man reaches into his breast pocket and withdraws a blue
text: backed folded document, which he hands to Pete. As he does,
text: a FLASH lights the room.
text: At the door, a pair of PHOTOGRAPHERS and a NEWSREEL CAMERAMAN
text: are jockeying for position. Pete rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: THE MAN
dialog: Peter Appleton, you are hereby
text: subpoenaed to appear as a witness
dialog: before a special session of the House
dialog: Committee on Un-American Activities.
dialog: You are to appear in Los Angeles,
text: California, at the Biltmore Hotel,
dialog: at the date and time specified herein.
text: Pete takes the subpoena. There's an awkward moment, as the
text: newsreel camera is still rolling. Pete cradles the subpoena
text: like an Oscar statuette and smiles into the lens.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: ("on")
dialog: This is a great honor. I'll treasure
dialog: this always. Thank you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: THE SUBPOENA
text: in a partially-packed suitcase.
speaker_heading: WIDER
scene_heading: INT. PETE'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: Pete is sitting in a chair, reading the statement Leo gave
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: "I, Peter Appleton, do hereby renounce
dialog: my membership in the American
text: Communist Party, and by way of purging
dialog: myself of my indiscretion, wish to
dialog: provide the following names of fellow
dialog: members to this committee, so that
dialog: those persons may have the opportunity
dialog: to do as I have done..."
text: He scans down the page. It's a long list.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Jesus...
text: He HEARS a "meow!" And turns to look.
speaker_heading: CAT
text: is standing in the bedroom doorway. He folds up and pockets
dialog: the list.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Old Tim?
text: After a moment, Old Tim appears in the doorway, wringing his
text: knit cap in his hands.
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: Can I... Can I t-t-talk to you?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Sure. Come on in. I was just packing.
text: Pete stands, gestures Old Tim to the chair, as he sits on
dialog: the bed.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Please, sit.
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: Thanks.
text: He sits. Pause.
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: They'll come back, you know. They'll
dialog: all c-c-come back.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: The customers? I don't know...
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: They will. They w-w-will.
text: Pete turns to Old Tim, fixes him in the eye.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Tim, I have to tell you something.
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: Oh.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: It's about me.
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: Oh.
text: Pause, as Pete gathers courage and tries to find the words.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I'm... I'm not Luke. Luke is dead.
dialog: He died in the war. He's not coming
dialog: back, and I'm not him. I don't even
dialog: belong here. This whole thing started
dialog: out as an accident, and that's all
text: it is. An accident.
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: Oh...
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: My name isn't Luke. It's Peter. Peter
dialog: Appleton.
text: Old Tim stands and looks askance at Pete.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: Did you think I didn't kn-kn-know
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (taken aback)
dialog: I thought you...
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: I know more than you give me c-c-
dialog: credit, that's for sure. Don't you
dialog: see, it don't m-m-matter who you
dialog: are? All that matters is what you g-
dialog: g-gave us. And you can't take that
dialog: away now. You're wrong, Peter
dialog: Appleton. You do belong here.
text: He leans down to Pete.
speaker_heading: OLD TIM
dialog: You hafta give us back the B-B-Bijou.
text: Old Tim straightens up, nods at Pete. Then, silently, he
text: picks up Cat and exits.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LAWSON PASSENGER DEPOT - DAY
text: Pete and Adele walk slowly down the platform toward the
dialog: waiting train.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: You've got everything?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Yeah. Except a chance in hell of
text: coming out of this intact.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: You'll be fine. No matter what Leo
dialog: Kubelsky says, you've got a hundred
dialog: and seventy-five years of American
dialog: law on your side. Don't forget that.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I wish you were coming with me.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: And who's gonna run the projector
dialog: until you get back? Mrs. Terwilliger?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Maybe we could train Cat to run the
dialog: projector. You know, a system of
text: scratching posts, and gears, and
dialog: levers...
text: They both smile as the train's HORN blows.
speaker_heading: CONDUCTOR
dialog: Board!
text: Pete picks up his suitcase and they walk toward the passenger
dialog: compartment.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Did you bring along something to
dialog: read?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Damn...
text: Adele pulls a pocket-sized leather-bound book out of her
text: purse and hands it to Pete.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: I didn't think so. Here. This is
dialog: mine, you can borrow it.
scene_heading: INSERT - THE BOOK
text: Well-worn and scuffed, nevertheless the title is clear:
scene_heading: CONSTITUTION OF THE UNITED STATES
speaker_heading: ANNOTATED EDITION
text: Pete looks at the book, then at Adele.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Not exactly light reading, I know.
dialog: Believe it or not, I've read this
dialog: since high school, and it got me all
dialog: the way through law school. Besides,
dialog: there's something in there that'll
dialog: help you. You won't have to get very
dialog: far, it's near the beginning.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (clearly touched)
dialog: Delly... thanks, thank you. I'll
dialog: take good care of this.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Just remember two things. First, the
dialog: law is a living thing. It made us
dialog: free and it keeps us free. Sometimes
dialog: it gets twisted around by people for
dialog: their own purposes. Sometimes it
dialog: makes mistakes, sometimes big
dialog: mistakes. But in the end, the law
dialog: prevails for the just. Sometimes, it
text: takes a while.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Okay. What's the second thing?
text: She thinks for a moment. She needs the right words.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: I'll be here... if you come back.
text: The train pulls out. Adele and Pete exchange waves as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BILTMORE HOTEL GRAND BALLROOM (LOS ANGELES) - DAY
dialog: The House Committee on Un-American Activities has effectively
text: taken over the Grand Ballroom of this magnificent hotel, and
text: the joint is packed to the rafters. Members of the AUDIENCE
text: crane their necks to see out into the hallway, from where
text: the witnesses will be entering.
text: The COMMITTEE MEMBERS are seated at their dais, brightly lit
text: by the dozens of newsreel and TV lights. Elvin Clyde is seated
text: at the far right. Dead center of the dais is the Chairman,
text: CONGRESSMAN T. JOHNSTON DOYLE of Wisconsin, a husky man in
text: his late 50s. He SLAMS his gavel down several times and the
text: room goes quiet -- the talking stops, and the cameras start
text: whirring.
scene_heading: INT. LARDNER LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Adele's in a chair, eyes glues to the TV set. Mrs. Terwilliger
text: and Old Tim sit on the couch, watching attentively.
text: Doc Lardner's in a straight-backed chair at a jaunty angle
text: to the set, holding the rabbit ears uncomfortably high aloft.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: That's perfect, Dad.
speaker_heading: DOYLE (ON TV)
dialog: The committee and the chamber will
dialog: come to order.
text: Lardner forces a smile at Mrs. Terwilliger and Old Tim.
speaker_heading: LARDNER
dialog: (sweating and wincing)
dialog: This television's a grand little
dialog: invention, isn't it?
scene_heading: INT. BILTMORE HOTEL GRAND BALLROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: The agenda for this morning's special
dialog: session of the House Committee on Un-
dialog: American Activities shows a number
dialog: of witnesses, and I'd like to admonish
dialog: those that are here to view the
dialog: testimony of our first witness to
dialog: keep order at all times, or this
dialog: chamber will be closed. I'm referring
dialog: especially to the ladies and gentlemen
dialog: of the press. I hope that's clear.
text: Beat. Doyle scans the room. He clearly means business.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Call Peter Appleton.
text: All eyes and cameras swing toward the door.
speaker_heading: ON PETE
text: As he enters the chamber, dozens of FLASHBULBS fire as every
text: eye and every camera follows him silently to his seat. As he
text: sits, he glances behind him.
speaker_heading: PETE'S POV
text: Leo Kubelsky is sitting in the front row of spectators. He
text: smiles and nods at Pete.
text: Pete doesn't acknowledge him, and turns back.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: The witness will please stand and
text: raise his right hand.
text: Pete does as instructed.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Do you swear that the testimony you
dialog: are about to give before this
dialog: committee of the United States House
dialog: of Representatives will be the truth,
dialog: the whole truth, and nothing but the
dialog: truth, so help you god?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Be seated and state your full name
dialog: and place of residence for the record.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Peter Kenneth Appleton. Hollywood,
dialog: California.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: The chair notes that you are appearing
dialog: without the benefit of counsel today,
dialog: Mr. Appleton. We certainly hope this
dialog: means that you intend to be fully
dialog: forthcoming with this committee?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (faint smile)
dialog: I'll do my best, Mr. Chairman.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Now, we're informed that you have a
dialog: statement you'd like to read, is
dialog: that correct?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (innocently)
dialog: A statement?
text: Doyle and Clyde exchange glances.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Yes. A prepared statement.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Um... no. I don't have a statement
dialog: at this time.
text: Pete turns in his chair and winks at Leo. Leo rolls his eyes
text: and shakes his head.
scene_heading: INT. LARDNER LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Adele breathes a sigh of relief.
scene_heading: MRS. TERWILLIGER
dialog: I think he's doing very well, so
dialog: far.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: They haven't called out the dogs
dialog: yet.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Very well then, the questions will
dialog: be asked by the Majority Counsel,
dialog: Mr. Clyde.
text: The TV shot swings to see Elvin Clyde. He puts on his glasses
text: and fixes Pete with an oily grin.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: I spoke too soon.
speaker_heading: CLYDE (ON TV)
dialog: Thank you Mr. Chairman, and thank
dialog: you Mr. Appleton, for appearing today.
scene_heading: INT. BILTMORE HOTEL GRAND BALLROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Mr. Appleton, you mention that your
dialog: home is Hollywood, California. But
dialog: isn't it true that for the last
dialog: several months, you've made your
dialog: home in a town called Lawson,
dialog: California?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Sir, that is true.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Mr. Appleton, do you know an "Albert
dialog: Lucas Trumbo?"
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Luke Trumbo? We never met. But I'd
dialog: like to think I know him.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Is that because you were masquerading
dialog: as Luke Trumbo while you were in
dialog: Lawson?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Mr. Clyde you're twisting things
dialog: around. I wasn't masquerading. Luke
dialog: Trumbo... Luke was a good man who
dialog: gave his life for his country. I
dialog: just... happen to look a little bit
dialog: like him. That's all.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (referring to notes)
dialog: Yes, I see that Private Trumbo was
dialog: reported missing in action and is
dialog: presumed dead. I also see that you
dialog: were posted stateside during the
dialog: war. Fort Dix?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Well, I'm sure we're all glad to see
dialog: you came through it all right.
text: A few spectators titter.
scene_heading: INT. MABEL'S DINER - DAY
text: Mabel and Bob listen to the hearing on a radio in the packed
dialog: diner.
speaker_heading: CLYDE (ON RADIO)
dialog: Now, I see that you've been running
dialog: a movie theater in Lawson called
dialog: "The Bijou," is that also true?
speaker_heading: PETE (ON RADIO)
dialog: Yes sir. But I didn't go to Lawson
dialog: to run The Bijou, that was... that
dialog: was something that just happened.
dialog: You see, I was involved in an accident
dialog: in Lawson, and I spent some time
text: recovering there.
scene_heading: INT. BILTMORE HOTEL GRAND BALLROOM - DAY
text: Clyde holds up copies of the Los Angeles Examiner and Los
text: Angeles Times with Pete's picture on the front page.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Anyone who reads the newspaper is
dialog: quite familiar with your...
dialog: "accident," Mr. Appleton. An accident
dialog: which, conveniently, came hard upon
dialog: your dismissal from United Pictures.
dialog: Tell us, this "accident" of yours,
dialog: are we given to understand that it
dialog: affected your memory?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: And what is the state of your memory
dialog: now?
text: Beat. Pete smiles.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I'm sorry, what was the question?
text: The audience LAUGHS. Clyde nods at Pete, forces a tight smile.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: We... appreciate... your little note
dialog: of levity, Mr. Appleton, but this is
dialog: a very serious matter, and it merits
dialog: your fullest attention.
dialog: (back to business)
dialog: That state of your memory now, Mr.
dialog: Appleton?
scene_heading: INT. WYATT'S HARDWARE - DAY
text: Avery Wyatt listens to the hearing on a store radio. Spencer
text: comes around the paint aisle, wiping his hands on his apron.
text: He moves to the radio and listens solemnly.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Sir, are you referring to the fact
dialog: that I was suffering from amnesia,
dialog: and I've since recovered my memory?
scene_heading: INT. BILTMORE HOTEL GRAND BALLROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: I'm interested in knowing if you
dialog: remember things you did in your past,
dialog: or if they've been conveniently
dialog: "blotted out" as a result of your
dialog: "accident."
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Mr. Clyde, I remember everything.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Good. Good.
text: (holds up a piece of
dialog: paper)
text: Now, I hold in my hand a photostatic
dialog: copy of the attendance roster for
dialog: the "Bread Instead of Bullets Club"
dialog: of the University of California, Los
dialog: Angeles, dated October 11, 1935. A
dialog: copy of this paper is before you,
dialog: Mr. Appleton. Do you recognize it?
text: Pete looks on the table and finds the roster. He's surprised
dialog: to see it.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Yes... yes, I do.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Referring to line thirty-seven of
dialog: the document, does your printed name
dialog: and signature appear there?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Yes it does.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Mr. Appleton, please tell this
dialog: committee what was the nature and
dialog: purpose of the "Bread Instead of
dialog: Bullets Club?"
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Mr. Clyde, do you want to know what
dialog: I knew then, or do you want to know
dialog: what I know now? They're two different
dialog: things?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Start with what you knew then.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Well, I'd direct the attention of
dialog: counsel and committee to line thirty-
dialog: six of the document, and the name
dialog: printed and signed there.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: We see it. For the record, it reads
dialog: "Lucille Angstrom." What's the point
dialog: of this?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Well, that's what I knew then. Or
dialog: who I knew, I should say. You see, I
dialog: was trying to court Miss Angstrom. I
text: went to the meeting to impress her.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Are you asking this committee to
dialog: believe that you attended a meeting
dialog: of a communist party front
dialog: organization in order to impress a
dialog: girl?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (slyly)
dialog: Well, if you'd seen Miss Angstrom...
text: The audience LAUGHS. Doyle BANGS his gavel.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: You asked for the truth. That's the
dialog: truth. I had no idea what the meeting
dialog: was about. I just sat through it so
dialog: I could be near her. I'm sure even a
dialog: Majority Counsel like yourself is
dialog: familiar with the concept of
text: impressing a girl.
text: The audience LAUGHS. Clyde shoots a look at Doyle, who BANGS
text: his gavel.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Chamber will come to order.
text: Clyde shuffles some papers and looks back at Pete.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: All right, Mr. Appleton. That was
dialog: what you knew then. What do you know
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (takes a deep breath)
dialog: Well, I know that I lost my job
dialog: because of one meeting I went to
dialog: when I was a kid in college. I know
dialog: that I've been branded a communist,
dialog: which I'm not, but even if I was, it
dialog: shouldn't matter, or what do we have
dialog: a Bill Of Rights for?
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Mr. Chairman, the witness is being
dialog: non-responsive...
text: A few members of the audience APPLAUD. As Pete speaks, their
dialog: numbers grow.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (passionately)
dialog: I know that a lot of good, honest,
dialog: decent people, people that I consider
dialog: my true friends, feel betrayed by
dialog: me, not because of who and what I
dialog: am, but because of what you say I
dialog: am! I know that I...
text: Doyle BANGS his gavel several times. Pete stops and the room
text: falls quiet.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (emphatically)
dialog: Mr. Appleton, you will respond to
dialog: the questions of this committee
dialog: without elaboration or speechmaking,
dialog: or the chair will find you in Contempt
dialog: Of Congress. You will not be warned
dialog: again, is that clear?
dialog: (he lets this sink
dialog: in, then)
dialog: Continue, Mr. Clyde.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
text: (looking down at his
dialog: desk)
dialog: Mr. Appleton...
text: Clyde takes a long pause for effect, then looks up at Pete.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Are you now, or have you ever been,
dialog: a member of the communist party?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (holding up the roster)
dialog: Are you refuting this evidence and
dialog: your previous testimony?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I'm not refuting anything.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Yet you're contradicting yourself.
dialog: You earlier testified that you
dialog: attended a meeting of a communist
dialog: party-run organization, yet you just
dialog: said, under oath, that you were not
dialog: now -- nor ever -- a member of the
dialog: communist party.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: That's not a contradiction at all,
dialog: sir. I went to the meeting, but I
dialog: didn't go as a member.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Well, then, as what did you go?
text: Beat. Pete smiles.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I'm a little hesitant to say.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: The witness need not be hesitant to
dialog: say anything before this committee,
dialog: as long as it's the truth.
text: Pete shifts in his chair, then leans into the microphone.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Well, I went as... a horny young
dialog: man.
text: The chamber erupts in LAUGHTER. Even the other COMMITTEE
text: MEMBERS are laughing, except Clyde and Doyle, who BANGS his
text: gavel vigorously.
scene_heading: INT. SHERIFF'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Sheriff Eldridge and Daley Thornhill listen to the hearing
text: on the radio. They are both laughing at Pete's last comment.
speaker_heading: ELDRIDGE
dialog: Damn, he don't wanna spar with these
dialog: boys. They'll eat him alive.
scene_heading: INT. BILTMORE HOTEL GRAND BALLROOM - DAY
text: The room settles. Doyle wags his finger accusingly at Pete.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Mr. Appleton, you are making light
dialog: of a legally constituted committee
dialog: of the United States Congress. Believe
dialog: you me, you do not want to incur our
dialog: wrath.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (matter-of-factly)
dialog: I'm sorry, sir, I have no intention
dialog: of making light of this committee.
dialog: And I have no intention of incurring
dialog: your wrath, Mr. Chairman. I have a
dialog: few friends who have already incurred
dialog: your wrath. They've sent me letters
dialog: from jail.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Mr. Chairman! Mr. Chairman, the
dialog: witness is making another speech. I
dialog: would ask that Mr. Appleton be
dialog: admonished...
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: (indifferent)
dialog: Mr. Appleton, there is no question
dialog: before you at this time, but I'm
dialog: sure Mr. Clyde has plenty more
dialog: prepared, and if you'd like to either
dialog: answer them or plead the Fifth
dialog: Amendment, we can at least get on
dialog: with the business of this committee.
scene_heading: INT. LARDNER LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Adele moves to within inches of the TV screen.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Tell them Pete. Tell them...
speaker_heading: PETE (ON TV)
dialog: (wrestling with this)
dialog: Mr. Chairman, as I understand it,
dialog: the Fifth Amendment pertains to self-
dialog: incrimination, and I can't incriminate
dialog: myself because I've done nothing
dialog: wrong. Besides, incrimination is why
dialog: you have Mr. Clyde working for you.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Mr. Chairman...
scene_heading: INT. BILTMORE HOTEL GRAND BALLROOM - DAY
text: Clyde is still protesting, but Doyle waves him off.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Well then, Mr. Appleton, just what
dialog: is your intention?
text: Pete's sweating under the lights. He's bluffed his last bluff,
text: and he's on the ropes. He reaches into his pocket... and
text: takes out the prepared statement.
scene_heading: INT. LARDNER LIVING ROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I... Mr. Chairman, I have a prepared
dialog: statement I'd like to read...
speaker_heading: ADELE
text: Her hand goes to her mouth.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Oh, Pete. No...
scene_heading: INT. BILTMORE HOTEL GRAND BALLROOM - DAY
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Go ahead, Mr. Appleton.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (slowly reading)
dialog: "I, Peter Appleton, do hereby..."
text: He stops suddenly. Pause.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Mr. Appleton? Mr. Appleton?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I... I need a drink of water.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Go ahead, son.
text: Pete fills a glass from the pitcher. Nervously, he spills a
text: bit, and is splashes onto his coat. As some of the spectators
text: chuckle, Pete brushes the water off. He reaches into his
text: pocket, and pulls out Adele's copy of the constitution. The
text: cover is wet. He wipes it off and sets it down on the table.
text: He takes a sip of water. Looks at the book. Picks it up.
text: Pete's terrified, but in control. He speaks slowly -- he's
text: making this up and thinking it out as he goes.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Mr. Chairman... there's... another
dialog: Amendment... that I'd like to invoke
dialog: at this time, but it's not the Fifth
dialog: Amendment. I wonder if you're familiar
dialog: with it.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: Mr. Appleton, you will...
text: He opens the book and reads, tentatively at first.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: "Congress shall make no law respecting
dialog: an establishment of religion, or
dialog: prohibiting the free exercise thereof;
dialog: or abridging the freedom of speech,
dialog: or of the press; or the right of the
dialog: people peaceably to assemble, and to
dialog: petition the Government for a redress
dialog: of grievances."
text: Pause. Silence in the room.
speaker_heading: ADELE
text: She's smiling at the TV. Her eyes are filled with tears.
speaker_heading: PETE
text: He looks up at Chairman Doyle. Now fully confident.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: That's the First Amendment, Mr.
dialog: Chairman. It's the backbone of this
dialog: nation. It's everything that gives
dialog: us the potential to be right and
dialog: good and just -- if only we'd live
dialog: up to that potential. It's what gives
dialog: me the right to sit in this chair
dialog: and say my piece before this committee
dialog: without fear. It's the most important
dialog: part of the contract that every
dialog: citizen has with this country. And
dialog: even though this contract...
dialog: (he holds up the book)
dialog: ...the Constitution and the Bill of
dialog: Rights -- even though they're just
text: pieces of paper with signatures on
dialog: them -- they're the only contracts
dialog: we have that are most definitely not
dialog: subject to renegotiation. Not by
dialog: you, Mr. Chairman, not by you, Mr.
dialog: Clyde, not by any member of this
dialog: committee -- or anyone else -- ever.
text: Pin-drop silence in the room. Pete scans the faces of the
text: panel. All betray anger.
speaker_heading: ON LEO
text: He can't help but smile and nod appreciatively.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: And when you get right down to it,
dialog: that's really all I have to say to
dialog: this committee. Good morning.
text: And with that, Pete closes the book, picks up the prepared
text: statement, rips it up, pushes back his chair, stands and
text: walks toward the door. The cameras swing with him, and
text: FLASHBULBS fire like machine guns. Doyle BANGS his gavel
text: insistently.
speaker_heading: DOYLE
dialog: The witness will resume his seat!
dialog: Did you hear me?! You are not excused,
dialog: Mr. Appleton!
text: And then, slowly, APPLAUSE builds in the chamber, reaching a
text: crescendo as Pete reaches the door and exits.
speaker_heading: CLYDE
dialog: Mr. Chairman! Mr. Chairman...!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BILTMORE HOTEL - DAY
text: As Pete exits the hotel, a DOZEN REPORTERS AND PHOTOGRAPHERS
text: have him completely surrounded. FLASHBULBS pop. He's taken
text: aback, flustered.
speaker_heading: FIRST REPORTER
dialog: (seeing Pete)
dialog: There he is!
speaker_heading: SECOND REPORTER
dialog: Pete! Are you going back to writing
dialog: pictures?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I don't know...
speaker_heading: THIRD REPORTER
dialog: You a commie, Pete?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: No, of course not...
speaker_heading: SECOND REPORTER
dialog: What about the girl, Pete? You gonna
dialog: marry her? Is she coming to Hollywood,
dialog: or are you...
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Look, fellas, I don't have anything
dialog: to say...
text: Pete is trapped in the crowd, when he feels a hand on his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: LEO
text: spins him around, and pushes him through the crowd toward
dialog: the curb.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Come on, kid.
text: At the curb is a black Cadillac limousine. Leo hauls open
text: the back door and pushes Pete in, before climbing in himself.
text: The limo drives away, as the reporters give chase.
scene_heading: INT. LIMO (MOVING) - DAY
text: Leo and Pete sit side-by-side in silence for a moment. Leo
text: breaks it.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: That was quite a show you gave them
dialog: today. We shoulda sold tickets.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I'm not sorry for what I said.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: No, of course not, why should you be
dialog: sorry? You're the new Peter Appleton.
dialog: You exercised your rights as a solid
dialog: citizen, first amendment, freedom of
dialog: speech, all that. Very noble.
text: They sit in silence again for a moment until Leo reaches
text: into his pocket and withdraws a gold cigarette case, which
text: he opens and offers to Pete.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Cigarette?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: No thanks.
text: Leo takes one for himself and lights up. Pete takes off his
text: hat and nervously scratches his head.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: When'd you quit smoking?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Luke didn't smoke.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Oh, I see. But you're not Luke. You're
dialog: Peter Appleton, the picture writer.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Not any more.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Leo, you were in there, you saw what
dialog: I did. You think they're gonna let
dialog: me write pictures? Hell, they're
dialog: probably gonna throw my ass in jail.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: Not at all.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Besides, I don't even know if I want
dialog: to write anymore.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: (snickering)
dialog: What, you're going to go back to
dialog: that hick town and run the projector
dialog: and marry the doctor's daughter?
text: But before Pete can answer...
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Peter, I'm an agent. I buy lunches
dialog: and get deals made for guys like
dialog: you. That's what I do. You're a
dialog: writer. You write pictures. That's
dialog: what you do. And trust me, you'll be
dialog: back doing it again tomorrow morning.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Kid, you gave them what they wanted.
dialog: This committee, it feeds on names.
dialog: The more names, the better. But for
dialog: some high-profile witnesses, like
dialog: yourself, any name will do.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Leo, I didn't give them the names. I
dialog: wouldn't do that.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: What, all of a sudden, "Lucille
dialog: Angstrom" isn't a name?
text: Pete freezes. He slowly turns to Leo.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (warily)
text: Her name was right there in front of
dialog: them. They gave it to me, I didn't
dialog: give it to them.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Well, that's not what they think.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Leo, she was... she was a girl I
dialog: knew in college...
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: You should keep track of your old
text: school chums. Turns out she eventually
dialog: joined the communist party.
dialog: (takes a puff)
dialog: On top of which, she's Lucy Angstrom
text: Hirschfeld now, and she happens to
dialog: be a writer for "Studio One" on CBS.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (realization dawning)
dialog: Oh god, oh, god, no, I...
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: So, our lawyers had a talk with the
dialog: Committee's lawyers. That Elvin Clyde
dialog: fella won't be too happy about it,
dialog: but we cut a deal. They cleared you --
dialog: and they're gonna thank you publicly
dialog: for your testimony purging yourself.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Thank me publicly? For what? For
dialog: ruining this woman's life?
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: (dismissive)
dialog: Climb down off your cross. They
dialog: already knew about her.
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: She was subpoenaed six months ago!
dialog: Who the hell do you think named you?
text: Pete is dumbstruck. He slumps in his seat, ashen.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: (he couldn't be happier)
dialog: All of which means... "Ashes To Ashes"
dialog: is gonna be made, and you've got
dialog: your job back.
dialog: (takes a puff)
dialog: Congratulations, kid.
text: Pete's breathing shallowly, on the verge of tears or screaming --
dialog: or both.
scene_heading: EXT. PETE'S APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY
text: The limo pulls up, and Leo opens the door. Pete vacantly
text: grabs his suitcase and gets out. Leo shuts the door and calls
text: after him, waving Pete's hat.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Peter! Your hat!
text: Pete comes back and takes his hat. Leo grabs his hand.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: I was lookin' out for you all the
dialog: time, kid. You did good. I'm real
dialog: proud of you.
dialog: (to the driver)
dialog: Okay, let's go.
dialog: (to Pete)
dialog: Get some rest, kid!
text: As the limo pulls away, we
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PETE'S APARTMENT (L.A.) - DAY
text: The door opens, revealing the Super, followed by a sullen
text: Pete, carrying his suitcases and hat. He sets them down and
text: goes to the coffee table, where his boxes of belongings from
dialog: the studio have been gathering dust these last three months.
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: (handing him a key)
dialog: Here's a new key for ya. That Mr.
dialog: Kubelsky, he's got you paid up through
dialog: this month. You got one swell friend
dialog: there.
text: The Super moves to the door and turns back.
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: Good to have you back, Pete.
text: He exits as Pete reaches into one of the boxes and pulls out
text: the tin-toy fire truck. Distractedly, Pete puts the toy back
text: in the box and replies too late:
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Thanks...
text: He sets his suitcase down and takes off his coat. As he does,
text: Adele's copy of the Constitution slips out of his coat pocket
text: and falls open to the floor.
text: Pete picks it up and absently turns it over -- and the
text: inscription inside the front cover catches his eye:
text: TO DELLY, THE GIRL WITH ALL THE ANSWERS.
speaker_heading: LOVE, LUKE
text: Pete closes the book. He thinks for a moment, then glances
text: over at the phone. He picks it up and dials "0."
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Western Union, please.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN (MOVING) - DAY
text: Our view of the moving train is from outside, as it speeds
text: up the spectacular coastline north of Santa Barbara. Looking
text: into one of the train's windows, we SEE Pete sitting, staring
text: out at the passing scenery.
speaker_heading: PETE'S NARRATION (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Adele, on my way back to Lawson
dialog: STOP. That is, if they'll have me
text: STOP. Train arrives four p.m. STOP.
dialog: Hope you can be there STOP. Pete.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LAWSON PASSENGER DEPOT - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The train is just pulling in to Lawson. As it SHUDDERS to a
text: halt, the door of the passenger compartment opens and Pete
text: steps out -- looks -- and his jaw drops open...
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: The ENTIRE TOWN has turned out. They're all there, smiling
text: broadly. A large, hand-lettered banner reads:
scene_heading: WELCOME HOME PETE!
speaker_heading: LAWSON'S FAVORITE SON
text: A CHEER goes up from the crowd, breaking the silence. Pete
text: descends from the train and moves into the throng. The first
text: two people he encounters are Bob Leffert and Mabel Lanier.
text: bob sticks out his good hand and Pete takes it, both smiling
text: as they shake hands vigorously.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Luke... um, I mean, Pete, if it
dialog: weren't for you, I wouldn't have had
dialog: the nerve to ask this fine woman to
dialog: marry me.
text: Mabel's mouth drops open.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Bob, congratulations! When'd you ask
dialog: her?
speaker_heading: MABEL
dialog: Holy moley! Just now!
dialog: (to Bob)
dialog: Yes, Bob! Yes!
text: As Mabel kisses Bob for all she's worth, Pete continues into
text: the crowd, where he's kissed, embraced, patted on the back.
speaker_heading: ADELE
text: is at the back of the crowd, working her way to the front.
text: She rushes into Pete's arms, and they kiss. Another CHEER
text: goes up.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I see you got the telegram.
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: Pete, I'm so sorry about what they
dialog: did to you. I didn't think you'd
dialog: come back, I thought you'd want to
dialog: write again...
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Dell, I can't write unless I'm happy,
dialog: and I can't be happy unless I'm here --
dialog: and with you.
dialog: (grabs her shoulders)
dialog: This is me, Delly. Pete Appleton.
dialog: And I love you!
speaker_heading: ADELE
dialog: (tears in her eyes)
dialog: And
dialog: (hic!)
dialog: I love you, Pete!
text: They kiss again. Pete pulls away and looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: C'mon, Dell, we gotta go. Showtime
dialog: in fifteen minutes.
text: The train whistle BLOWS as it slowly pulls out of the station.
speaker_heading: PETE'S NARRATION (V.O.)
dialog: "Happily ever after" is a relative
dialog: term, folks. My world is much smaller
dialog: now, and my dreams are very different
dialog: than they were. But I have something
dialog: now that I never had before: I have
dialog: the magic. And it's for sale at the
dialog: Bijou, every day of the year. All
dialog: you need is the price of a ticket.
text: We BOOM UP to see Pete and Adele moving into and being
text: enveloped by the crowd.
text: Spencer Wyatt's band is assembled in front of the depot
text: office, and they kick into some up-tempo boogie-woogie as we
text: move up and away -- still in the same shot -- moving over
text: the town, settling down again to grab a shot of the Bijou's
text: marquee. The neon chaser lights POP ON, illuminating the
dialog: sign, which reads:
speaker_heading: THE END
text: Then, the letters on the marquee START SHAKING. We BOOM UP
text: TO THE TOP OF THE THEATER, and the "BIJOU" sign...
text: ...as the train RUMBLES BY behind the theater...
text: ...and the "J" teeters loose and swings by a thread...
dialog: ...and we IRIS DOWN ON IT AND...
text: CUT TO BLACK.
dialog: 
