dialog: CALL ME BY YOUR NAME
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: James Ivory
dialog: Based on the novel by
dialog: André Aciman
scene_heading: INT. ELIO’S/OLIVER’S ROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 1
text: The sound of an approaching car. ELIO, 17, barefoot and in
text: his bathing suit, is in the process of moving his clothes
text: from his room to the adjacent room - a wardrobe somehow
text: refurbished into a single bedroom. The two rooms are
text: separated by a ruined wooden door, with cracks all over it.
text: MARZIA, a girl of about his same age, is lying on the bed. It
text: is obvious both have been on it together.
text: ELIO goes to the window and looks down. A car pulls up below,
text: blowing up clouds of dust, and stops at the villa’s main
text: entrance. A young man steps out of the car, wearing a billowy
text: bright blue shirt with a wide-open collar, sunglasses. This
text: is OLIVER, 25. He is followed by the handy-man and gardener
text: of the house ANCHISE.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (in French)
dialog: L'usurpateur.
dialog: (The usurper)
text: MARZIA jumps up to come stand next to him, looking down.
text: ANCHISE appears below followed by the PERLMANS who introduce
text: themselves to Oliver. Professor PERLMAN is in his fifties,
text: distinguished, vigorous. ANNELLA, his wife, is in her mid-
dialog: forties.
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: (in Italian)
dialog: Dove 6 Elio?
dialog: (Where’s Elio?)
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (in French)
dialog: Il faut que je descende.
dialog: (I'd better go down.)
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 2
text: At the end of the stairs ELIO sees OLIVER being walked to
text: Professor Perlman’s study. Oliver’s suitcase and backpack lie
text: on the floor nearby. ANNELLA sees Elio approaching and
text: gestures towards them.
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: (in Italian)
dialog: Aiuta Oliver a portare
dialog: le sue cose in camera tua.
dialog: (Help bring Oliver’s things up to
dialog: your room.)
scene_heading: INT. PROFESSOR PERLMAN’S STUDY - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 3
text: ELIO enters his father’s studio. OLIVER, sitting on the sofa,
text: is having a glass of fresh water. Even if exhausted by the
text: heat, he remains elegant and somewhat iconic. Professor
text: PERLMAN introduces the two formally. They shake hands.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I’m Elio.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (non committal)
dialog: Hi.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 4
text: They head up the stairs together; ELIO lunges for the heavy
text: suitcase, OLIVER takes the backpack.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: My room is now your room. I’1l be
text: next door.
text: They meet MARZIA coming down. More introductions in the
text: middle of the stairs. OLIVER is curious about her and looks
text: back as he continues up. She looks back after he does.
scene_heading: INT. OLIVER’S ROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 5
text: They enter Oliver’s bedroom. OLIVER drops his backpack and
text: crashes on the bed, exhausted. ELIO lays the suitcase next to
dialog: the bed.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: We're sharing the bathroom. It's my
dialog: only way out...
text: But Oliver is not listening, already asleep. Elio walks out
text: and closes the door that separates their two rooms.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 6
text: In front of the kitchen is a fruit orchard with a variety of
text: fruit trees. From outside we see inside MAFALDA at work in
dialog: charge of the domestic duties of the place, and she is
dialog: virtually a member of the family.
text: One of the trees is shaking. In the dappled light under the
text: tree we see ANCHISE reaching up into the limbs to pick the
text: ripest peaches. They seem to glow within their foliage as his
text: long, gnarled fingers seek them out. He carefully places the
text: fruit he has picked in a basket.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE - PERLMAN VILLA - DUSK 7
text: Later. MAFALDA, at the bottom of the stairs, rings a bell.
text: She looks up the stairs and, getting no response, rings the
dialog: bell again.
scene_heading: INT. ELIO’S/OLIVER’S ROOM/BATHROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - DUSK 8
text: ELIO is at the desk in his small “new” bedroom; he is
text: transcribing music. Next to his desk lamp a walkman is
text: playing music. He hears the bell.
text: He enters the bathroom and the door that connects it to the
text: other room is open. OLIVER sleeps in the dim light of sunset.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: We’ re being called to dinner.
text: No answer. Elio enters Oliver's room and reaches over to the
text: bookshelf, takes a book from it but then drops it on the
text: floor. It makes a sharp clatter. Oliver is briskly awoken.
speaker_heading: ELIO (CONT’D)
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: We’ re being called to dinner.
text: Oliver looks up from his pillow scarcely knowing where he is.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Later. I’1l1 have to pass.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Can you make my excuses to your
dialog: mother?
text: Elio, backing out of the door with the book, nods that he
text: will. Oliver looks around for a moment.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: So, this is usually your room..
text: About to shut the door, ELIO nods.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: Thanks, buddy.
text: Oliver turns and goes back to sleep. Elio closes the door,
text: leaving the room in almost complete darkness.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE/BOCCHIRALE - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 9
text: The following day. OLIVER is coming down the stairs. Not
text: knowing where to go, he listens for the Perlmans' voices
text: until he sees, through a corridor, the kitchen. Just beyond
text: it, outside in the garden, he can see the family having
dialog: breakfast.
dialog: 10
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN IN FRONT OF THE KITCHEN - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 10
text: The PERLMANS are eating breakfast outside, in front of the
text: kitchen. OLIVER comes out and sits down, watching how ELIO
text: expertly cracks his soft-boiled egg shell, then attempts to
text: do the same, but only a tiny bit of the shell is pierced, so
text: he pretends to busy himself with his coffee and pushes the
text: egg in its cup away. MAFALDA asks him if he would like juice.
text: He says “Please”. She looks down at the discarded egg.
speaker_heading: MAFALDA
dialog: Lasci fare a me, Signore. (Let me)
text: She slices the top off and returns to her kitchen.
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: Did you recover from your trip,
dialog: caro?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Big time.
text: ELIO, who has been trying not to stare at their guest and is
text: concentrating on spreading honey on a piece of bread, now
text: lifts his head and speaks, growing unnaturally loud:
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I can show you around.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Good. Are we far from the town? I
dialog: need to open a bank account.
text: Both Professor PERLMAN and ANNELLA look up, interested.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: None of our residents has ever had
text: a local bank account.
text: Elio turns in his seat to get a better view of Oliver, who is
text: sitting beside him.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Should I take him to Montodine?
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: I’m think they’ re closed for summer
dialog: vacation. Try Crema.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Is that your orchard?
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: Pesca, ciliege, albicocche...
dialog: (peaches, cherries, apricots...)
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: Pomegranate.
text: MAFALDA returns with a pitcher of apricot juice on a little
text: tray and proceeds to fill Oliver’s glass. OLIVER tastes it,
text: then enthusiastically downs it. ELIO realizes he is staring
text: at OLIVER, his head tipped back with his throat swallowing
text: the juice, and notices the Star of David on a necklace around
text: his neck. OLIVER smacks his lips and begins to eat his second
text: egg, giving it a sharp crack. MAFALDA brings him a third egg.
speaker_heading: ANNELLA (CONT’D)
dialog: Have another egg.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: I know myself. If I have three,
dialog: I’1l have a fourth, and more.
dialog: ELIO has never heard someone Oliver’s age say, I know myself.
text: It’s somewhat intimidating. He lowers his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. PROFESSOR PERLMAN’S STUDY - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 11
text: PERLMAN is attempting to devise a new filing system for his
text: correspondence; there are packs of letters lying about and
text: open boxes with more letters. OLIVER is helping him, ELIO is
text: with them. The professor makes a joking comment like "My
dialog: guest from last year was very good at organizing. I on the
dialog: other hand...”
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Taking a summer guest for six weeks
dialog: is the way Professor helps young
dialog: academics revise a manuscript
dialog: before publication. They are given
dialog: full run of the house and can
dialog: basically use their time as they
dialog: like, provided they help Professor
dialog: Perlman for an hour or so every day
dialog: with his correspondence and other
dialog: paperwork.
text: ANNELLA enters carrying a little tray with a pitcher of more
text: apricot juice which she pours out into glasses. Everyone has
text: some; OLIVER downs his in a gulp. He smacks his lips, says
text: “aAh!”,. Annella looks at him amused and gives him an approving
text: pat on the shoulder. Elio looks at his father, already
dialog: knowing what he’1l say.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: The word apricot comes from the
dialog: Arabic - it’s like the words
dialog: “algebra”, “alchemy”, and
dialog: “alcohol”. It derives from an
dialog: Arabic noun combined with the
dialog: Arabic article ‘al-’ before it.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: PERLMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: The origin of our Italian
dialog: ‘albicocca’ was ‘al-barquq’...
text: He pauses to draw breath, then continues, warming to his
dialog: subject.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s amazing that today in Israel
dialog: and many Arab countries the fruit
dialog: is referred to by a totally
dialog: different name: ‘mishmish’.
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: When we visited Persia they called
dialog: it Zardoulou.
text: PROFESSOR PERLMAN, shrugging, spreads his hands as if to say,
dialog: ‘Who can ever tell about these matters of present-day
dialog: etymology?’. Through all this OLIVER has been listening
dialog: carefully.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I beg to differ.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: Ah?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: The word is not actually an Arabic
dialog: word.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: How so?
text: ELIO and ANNELLA listen carefully, surprised.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: It’s a long story, so bear with me,
dialog: Pro. Many Latin words are derived
dialog: from the Greek. In the case of
dialog: ‘apricot’, however, it’s the other
dialog: way around.
text: (he throws a quick, amused
speaker_heading: look at ELIO)
text: Here the Greek takes over from
dialog: Latin. The Latin word was
dialog: praecoquum, from pre-coquere, pre-
dialog: cook, to ripen early, as in
dialog: precocious, meaning premature.
text: The others take this in. ANNELLA is clearly charmed.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D) The
dialog: Byzantines - to go on - borrowed
dialog: praecox, and it became prekokkia
dialog: or berikokki, which is finally
dialog: how the Arabs must have
dialog: inherited it as al-barquq.
dialog: Revision7.
text: There is a moment of silence. ELIO and ANNELLA look at
dialog: Perlman.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: Courtesy Philology 101.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: (somewhat under his
dialog: breath)
dialog: He’s right, he’s right.
text: ANNELLA, unable to resist, reaches out to OLIVER and ruffles
text: his hair, laughing.
speaker_heading: ELIO applauds.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: He does it every year...
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: Every year.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: I was testing you.
scene_heading: 12 EXT. ROAD TO CREMA - DAY 12
text: ELIO and OLIVER are riding bicycles, with Elio in the lead.
text: They go along the main road towards the town of Crema and its
text: bank. The day is already hot.
scene_heading: 13 EXT. CAFE - CREMA TOWN SQUARE - DAY 13
text: ELIO and OLIVER are sitting at the little cafe with iron
text: chairs and tables, drinking coffee. OLIVER examines bank
text: application forms, then folds them up and puts them in his
text: knapsack. He looks around the almost empty square.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: What does one do around here?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Nothing. Wait for summer to end.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: What do you do in the winter, then?
dialog: Don’t tell me: wait for summer,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: We come here only for Christmas and
dialog: some other vacation..
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Christmas?
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: And Easter too. We are Jewish,
dialog: English, American, Italian,
dialog: French... somewhat atypical.
dialog: Besides my family you are probably
dialog: the only other Jew who has set foot
dialog: in this town.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I am from a small town in New
dialog: England. I know what its like to be
dialog: the odd Jew out. (beat) And what
dialog: else do you do here in summer,
dialog: besides this?
text: ELIO smiles, says nothing. They both laugh.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: What do you do?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Transcribe music. Read books. Swim
dialog: at the river. Go out at night.
text: OLIVER takes this in, his eyes hidden by dark sunglasses as
text: he gathers up his things, cutting their conversation off.
text: They silently reclaim their bikes. OLIVER seems to be miles
text: away, but as ELIO is getting on his bike, he loses balance
text: for a moment and OLIVER puts his arm around Elio’s shoulder,
text: steadying him. He then speeds off, saying “Later”, leaving
text: ELIO on his own.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH TERRAZZA - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 14
text: The same day. ELIO is sitting at a table in the shade of the
text: house, practicing his guitar. From where he sits he can see
text: OLIVER ride up on his bike and dismount. He has to pass by
text: ANCHISE, who is doing some garden work with small plants and
text: a ball of twine. OLIVER stops to watch and converses with
speaker_heading: ANCHISE in Italian.
speaker_heading: ANCHISE
dialog: Non bisogna dare troppa acqua ai
dialog: pomodori. (You dont want to douse
dialog: the tomatoes with too much water)
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Pomodori? Oh, Tomatoes...
speaker_heading: ANCHISE
dialog: Si! Tomatos.. Se crescono troppo in
dialog: fretta saranno pieni di semi. No
dialog: good! (They will grow too fast.
dialog: They will be mealy.)
text: ELIO sees this but is too far away to hear what they say.
dialog: 15
text: Later. OLIVER is lying on a towel spread on the grass nearby,
text: reading a book, which we see is Heraclithus. He wears a green
text: bathing suit and his straw hat. His belongings are spread out
text: around him: sun lotion, a note pad and pen, espadrilles.
text: At the bottom of the stairs, in the middle of the field, the
text: PERLMANS and some FRIENDS in bathing suits are sitting around
text: an old stone drinking trough, now used to freshen up. There
dialog: are always people coming and going at the Perlmans’ -
dialog: friends, relatives, acquaintances of Elio, like Marzia. We
dialog: don’t always learn who they are, but they give a sense of
text: ever-moving inhabitants of the place.
text: Oliver lowers his book and stares at ELIO, who is focused on
text: the fingerboard. ELIO raises his face to see if OLIVER likes
text: what he is playing, but OLIVER looks back without expression,
text: almost coldly.
text: Unsettled, ELIO breaks off for a moment, then returns to his
text: music-making, looking down. OLIVER, aware that he has caused
text: ELIO to interrupt his flow, gets up and comes over to where
text: ELIO is sitting. ELIO is non-committal, hiding hurt feelings.
text: In a pause, OLIVER questions Elio about the piece that broke
dialog: off - who was it, or is it yours? Do I know it?... It sounded
dialog: like... ELIO hits some notes: This? Or that?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Just play it again.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I thought you didn’t like it. Hated
dialog: it...
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Hated it? What gave you that
dialog: idea?.. Just play it, will you?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: The same one?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: The same one.
text: The tall, half-naked OLIVER, hanging over him intimidatingly,
text: causes ELIO to get up and enter the house through the big
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 15
text: ELIO plays the piece on the piano. OLIVER leans on the door
text: looking in. The music sounds very different from when he
text: played it on his guitar.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: You changed it. What did you do to
dialog: it? Is it Bach?
dialog: 16
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I just played it the way Liszt
dialog: would have played it if he’d
text: jimmied around with it.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Just play it again, please!
text: ELIO begins playing the piece again. OLIVER listens, then
dialog: speaks:
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: I can’t believe you changed it
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Not by much. That’s how Busoni
dialog: would've played it if he’d altered
dialog: Liszt’s version.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Can’t you just play the Bach the
dialog: way Bach wrote it?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Bach never wrote it for guitar. In
dialog: fact, we’re not even sure it’s Bach
dialog: at all.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Forget I asked.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Okay, okay. No need to get so
dialog: worked up.
text: ELIO begins to play the Bach in its original form. OLIVER,
text: who had turned away, comes back to the door. ELIO says,
text: softly, over his playing:
speaker_heading: ELIO (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s young Bach, he dedicated it to
dialog: his brother.
text: He plays it beautifully, as if sending it to OLIVER as a
dialog: gift.
scene_heading: INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - LATER 16
text: ELIO is writing his diary, the wind is moving the curtains.
text: He then puts the open diary on the bed and goes into the
text: shared bathroom to pee, shutting the door behind him. The
text: camera moves close on to the diary and we read: “...I was too
dialog: harsh when I told him I thought he hated Bach...”
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 11.
text: The wind blows the pages of the little book, then dies down
dialog: so that we can go on reading: “What I wanted to say was that
dialog: I thought he hated me...”
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS/CARD CAFE - TOWN STREET - DAY 17
dialog: Another day.
text: OLIVER and ELIO walk down a street; OLIVER steps into a cafe.
text: Some men inside are sitting at two or three tables with
text: playing cards. Waiters bring coffee and other drinks to the
text: customers, the place is lively.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Taking in summer guests was Elio’s
dialog: dad and mom, The Perlmans, a way of
dialog: helping young academics revise
dialog: manuscript before publication.
dialog: Summer residents didn’t have to pay
dialog: anything, they were given the full
dialog: run of the house and could
dialog: basically do anything they pleased,
dialog: provided they spent an hour or so a
dialog: day helping Professor Perlman with
dialog: his correspondence and assorted
dialog: paperwork. Oliver manuscript was on
dialog: Heraclithus and already had found a
dialog: publisher in Italy for a translated
dialog: version. Elio’s father loved
dialog: nothing better than to have some
dialog: precocious rising expert in his
dialog: field of study helping him.
text: Some of the men look up and nod at OLIVER. A game is starting
text: at one of the tables and OLIVER is asked to join. He sits
text: down to play.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: How did you know about this place?
text: Oliver winks. ELIO pulls up a chair and sits, spectating. The
text: cards are dealt. OLIVER, accepted at once, treats his fellow
text: PLAYERS as equals. Despite being a ‘rich’ American
text: ‘intellectual’, a guest at the villa of one of the area’s
dialog: richest men, he has the ‘common touch’.
text: ELIO is soon forgotten by OLIVER. Now and then he supplies a
dialog: translation of something said in Lombard dialect by one of
text: the PLAYERS, to which OLIVER replies, “Thanks, Buddy!”
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN ENTRANCE LAWN - PERLMAN VILLA - AFTERNOON 18
text: A few of ELIO’S FRIENDS play a volleyball game in a makeshift
text: court set up on the lawn by the main entrance of the villa.
text: OLIVER is playing with CHIARA, MARZIA’s slightly older
text: sister, and another BOY.
dialog: 12.
text: The three make up one side of the game, while the opposing
text: team is made up of THREE OTHERS we haven't met.
text: ELIO sits on the side with MARZIA and another friend MARIA.
text: All eyes are on OLIVER, the glamorous American who has
text: unexpectedly dropped into their midst. MARZIA and her friend
dialog: ask questions about him.
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: (in Italian)
dialog: Sicuramente @ meglio di quello
dialog: dell’anno scorso, ti ricordi?
dialog: (He’s certainly a big improvement
dialog: from last year, do you remember?)
text: ELIO and MARZIA laugh.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (in Italian)
dialog: Oliver € un cowboy biondo
dialog: datinista!
dialog: (Oliver is a latin blonde scolar
dialog: cowboy!)
text: ELIO gives MARIA a look that says “Yes”, rolling his eyes.
speaker_heading: MARIA (CONT’D)
dialog: (looking at Elio and Marzia)
dialog: Bella fregatura! Un’altra estate
dialog: nella lavanderia.
dialog: (Well, that sucks for you guys!
dialog: Another summer in the lavanderia.)
text: MARZIA jokingly punches MARIA’s shoulder. ELIO, bored and put
text: off, gets up and goes to a nearby table under the lime trees,
text: on it is some fresh fruit and a bottle of cold water.
text: He takes the bottle and goes to his friends, offering it.
text: OLIVER takes the bottle and drinks, then hands it back to
text: ELIO without thanking him. OLIVER then puts his free arm
text: around ELIO, gently squeezing his thumb and forefingers into
text: Elio’s shoulder in a friendly hug-massage.
text: ELIO, taken by surprise, is spellbound for an instant,
text: yielding to Oliver’s hand, even leaning into it -- then he
text: wrenches himself away from Oliver’s grab. Taken aback, OLIVER
text: apologizes, asking ELIO if he’d pressed a nerve or something:
dialog: “I didn’t mean to hurt you”. Honestly not wanting to
text: discourage OLIVER, ELIO blurts out “I’m not hurt”. ELIO has
text: the face of someone trying, but failing, to smother a grimace
text: of pain. OLIVER goes along with this charade.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (back to massaging Elio’s
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: Here, let me make it better. Relax.
dialog: 19
dialog: Revision13.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: But I am relaxing.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: You're stiff as a board. You’re
text: made of knots.
dialog: (to Marzia)
dialog: Come here, feel this...
text: MARZIA puts her hands on Elio’s back. OLIVER presses her
text: flattened palm hard against it.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: Here. Feel it? He should relax
dialog: more.
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: You should relax more.
speaker_heading: MARIA
dialog: (to Oliver)
dialog: She certainly knows how to get him
dialog: to relax.
text: ELIO relaxes until the others lose interest and resume the
text: game. The two boys are playing against the sisters now.
text: Elio’s view of the players and of the ball in the air over
text: their heads is often obscured by the OLIVER's muscular back,
text: moving in closer from the side. Sometimes they collide, trip,
text: fall into a heap. The girls shout rudely in Italian.
text: Elio goes back to the table under the lime trees and sits in
text: the shade, far from the others. He is inadvertently rubbing
text: the spot that Oliver had massaged at the base of his neck
text: with his free hand. MAFALDA and ANNELLA are setting up the
dialog: table for dinner.
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: (in Italian)
dialog: C’é Zia Marcella e annessi per
dialog: cena. Oliver si ferma con noi o
dialog: esce stasera? (Aunt Marcella is
text: coming to dinner with her tribe. Is
dialog: Oliver in or out tonight?)
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (shrugging, in French)
dialog: Je ne sais pas. (Who knows?)
speaker_heading: MAFALDA
dialog: Che muvi star!
scene_heading: EXT. TABLE UNDER THE LIME TREES - PERLMAN VILLA - EVENING 19
text: A gangly TEENAGER looks on with pretended disdain; his voice
text: is just changing, he has a dark fuzz, unshaven, on his upper
dialog: lip, he could be Elio three or four years earlier.
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 14.
text: PERLMAN is amusing the boy’s sisters, TWO YOUNG NIECES, aged
text: about seven and nine, with a card trick. He has moved plates
text: and cutlery around to make space for entertaining the little
dialog: nieces.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: Scegli una carta. OK, ricordala
dialog: bene. (Pick a card. OK, remember it
dialog: well.)
dialog: (shuffles the deck
dialog: E questa? (Is this it?)
scene_heading: INT. ELIO’S AND OLIVER’S BATHROOM - EVENING 20
text: Upstairs ELIO is shaving his own upper lip. He keeps
text: listening for sounds of the absent Oliver from his room - at
text: one point he could softly knock on the door, and upon hearing
dialog: nothing, look in.
scene_heading: EXT. TABLE UNDER THE LIME TREES - PERLMAN VILLA - EVENING 21
text: Guests are gathering at the table. MAFALDA announces dinner
text: and removes the cards from the table, putting things back in
text: order. PERLMAN makes a funny face. Two empty seats around the
text: table. The absence of Signor Ulliva is commented upon.
text: MAFALDA asks ELIO, who just showed up, whether Oliver will be
text: joining them. “Sono le otto passate” she says. ANNELLA
text: appears from the living room, followed by her guests.
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: (in Italian)
dialog: Noi ci mettiamo a tavola (We’ll sit
dialog: down) .
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (in Italian)
dialog: Non vi sembra ineducato come dice
dialog: “Later...”? arrogante? Mi sembra
dialog: che facciamo di tutto per farlo
dialog: stare a suo agio da noi. (Don’t you
dialog: think it’s rude when he says
dialog: “Later...”? Arrogant? After all,
dialog: it’s just to show him a good time
dialog: here.)
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: I don’t think so. I think Oliver is
dialog: shy. That’s what he is.
text: The camera stays on ELIO as he considers the possibility.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: You watch, this is how he’1ll say
dialog: goodbye to us when the time comes.
dialog: With his gruff, slapdash, Later!
dialog: 22
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: Meanwhile, we’ll have to put up
dialog: with him for six long weeks. Won’t
dialog: we?
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: I’m telling you, he’s just shy.
dialog: You’1l grow to like him.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Yeah, but what if I grow to hate
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: (to Elio)
dialog: Mio piccino!
dialog: (My little one!)
dialog: (to Mafalda)
dialog: Pudé togliere i piatti di Mr.
dialog: Oliver? (You can remove Mr.
dialog: Oliver’s place setting away?)
text: This is performed instantly and without a hint of regret.
text: ELIO watches Oliver’s silverware, his place mat, glass,
text: napkin, disappear as if he had never existed. ELIO grows
text: thoughtful at the sudden violence of Mafalda’s action - may
text: even involuntarily put his own hand out to stop her. The
text: others take a seat. PERLMAN picks up his napkin to perform a
text: trick for the children, wrapping it around his thumb.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 22
text: When everyone returns to the living room, PERLMAN asks his
text: son to play something he then goes in the bar.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Non mi va. (I don’t feel like it)
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: Perché non ti va? (Why don’t you
dialog: feel like it?)
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Perché non mi va!
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: (In French)
dialog: Pourquoi tu ne vas pas
dialog: a Moscazzano avec les autres?
dialog: (Why not to Moscazzano with the
dialog: others?)
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (In French)
dialog: J’en ai pas envie.
dialog: (I don’t want to.)
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: Go see your friends. Go out. Do
dialog: something.
dialog: Ne reste pas la comme une araignée
dialog: sur le mur, mon chéri!
dialog: (Don’t just be a spider on the
dialog: wall, darling!)
dialog: Spoiling everyone’s fun.
text: A burst of laughter from the kids. Perlman returns from the
text: bar holding glasses. The TEENAGE BOY pretends to be a spider
text: and comes at his cousin waving his arms menacingly. ELIO
text: gives in, and goes over to the piano. He starts playing a
dialog: lively piece.
scene_heading: INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 23
text: ELIO is on his bed, still dressed, in a restless half-sleep.
text: He hears a noise outside and quickly strips off his clothes,
text: putting on his pajama bottoms. But no one comes, there are no
text: sounds on the stairs or activity in the adjoining bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - DAWN 24
text: A ray of sunlight hits ELIO’s sleeping face. He wakes and
text: gets up. He goes over to the door that separates his room
text: from Oliver's. He grabs the doorknob and is about to knock,
text: but doesn't. He looks between the cracks of the door: he can
text: see Oliver sleeping, still in his clothes.
scene_heading: EXT. LIME TREES - PERLMAN VILLA - AFTERNOON 25
text: Another day. ELIO is sitting at his usual table under the
text: lime trees, working. From where he's sitting, Elio can see
text: PERLMAN and OLIVER through an open window in his father's
text: study. They are discussing Oliver’s manuscript on
text: Heraclithus. Elio tries to listen.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: I think your insights here are
dialog: persuasive, but..
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Go on, I’m okay with criticism.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: You are? Good. I think this needs
text: firming up.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 26
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: It feels like you need to accept
dialog: the paradoxical nature of this
dialog: philosopher’s thinking, not just
dialog: explain it..
text: ANCHISE approaches Elio, carrying a large fish wrapped up in
text: a t-shirt, which he uncovers for Elio.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Sei stato al fiume?
dialog: (You've been at the river?)
speaker_heading: ANCHISE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Si.
text: Anchise takes the fish towards the kitchen. Meanwhile in the
text: studio the conversation continues.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: I’m okay with firming up - I’m okay
text: with paradox. Back to the drawing
dialog: board.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: Wait...
dialog: (ironic, re: Oliver's
dialog: shabby look)
dialog: Did you have a good time last
dialog: night?
text: ELIO is distracted by the sudden burst of enthusiasm heard
text: from the kitchen over the fish Anchise caught.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH TERRAZZA/ABBEVERATOIO - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 26
text: Later. ELIO sits with his head back on the cushion of his
text: chair, his eyes closed. OLIVER, far away, is sitting on the
text: edge of the trough, his feet in the water, reading the pages
text: from the manuscript he showed Perlman. He looks towards Elio.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (loud)
dialog: Are you sleeping?
text: He waves a sheet of his manuscript at him.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: I was.
text: Oliver gestures him to come closer. Elio does, slowly. He
text: notices Oliver is wearing a red bathing suit.
dialog: 27
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Just listen to this drivel: “For
dialog: the early Greeks, Heidegger
dialog: contends, this underlying hidden-
dialog: ness is constitutive of the way
dialog: beings are, not only in
dialog: relation to themselves but also to
dialog: other entities generally. In other
dialog: words, they do not construe hidden-
dialog: ness merely or primarily in terms
dialog: of entities' relation to human
dialog: beings.”
text: Oliver looks at Elio.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: Does this make any sense to you?
dialog: Not to me. Nor to your dad.
text: ELIO is pleased that Oliver has asked his opinion on the
dialog: manuscript.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Maybe it did when you wrote it.
text: OLIVER, as if pretending to weigh Elio’s words carefully.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: That’s the kindest thing anyone’s
dialog: said to me in months.
text: He speaks ever so earnestly, as if hit by a sudden
text: revelation, in a low tone. This makes ELIO feel ill at ease.
text: He looks away.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Kind?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Yes, kind.
text: Silence returns. ELIO looks at OLIVER, in his red bathing
text: suit, lying on the edge of the trough. And OLIVER lets
text: himself fall in the water, to ELIO's surprise.
speaker_heading: STILL LIVES 27
text: Still lives of Oliver's swim trunks of different colors
text: drying on the bedroom windowsill.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Oliver had three personalities
dialog: depending on which bathing suit he
dialog: was wearing. Red: for bold, set in
text: his ways, gruff and ill-tempered
dialog: snappy... dangerous.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 28
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Yellow: good-humored, funny, but
dialog: not without barbs - didn’t give in
dialog: too easily.
dialog: He didn’t wear his green bathing
dialog: suit that often. It meant maybe
dialog: that he was eager to learn, eager
text: to speak, just eager, sunny.
scene_heading: EXT. ABBEVERATOIO - PERLMAN VILLA - AFTERNOON 28
text: ELIO observes OLIVER swimming in the narrow and long stone
text: trough. ANNELLA is close, but she's moving away with a basket
text: of freshly picked fruit. OLIVER comes out of the water with
text: his green swim trunks.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Elio! What are you doing?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Reading my music.
text: Oliver lies down on a big towel, his belongings spread around
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: No you’re not.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Thinking, then.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: About?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Private.
text: ANNELLA, amused, listens to the conversation.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: So you won’t tell me?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: So I won’t tell you.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (explaining to Annella)
dialog: So he won’t tell me.
dialog: In that case I’m going with your
dialog: mom.
text: Putting on his espadrilles, OLIVER takes ANNELLA's basket and
text: follows her to the orchard, goes up to a ladder and climbs
text: it, stretching into the branches for the ripe fruit as ELIO
text: watches. ELIO goes over to them and offers to hold the
text: basket, which is filling with apricots. OLIVER continues to
text: toss down fruit to ELIO and ANNELLA below.
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: EXT. PERLMAN VILLA - AFTERNOON 29
text: OLIVER arrives on his bike from town, wearing the blue
text: bathing suit and the blue billowy shirt he had when he first
text: arrived. The house is quiet and deserted on a Saturday
dialog: afternoon.
scene_heading: INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - AFTERNOON 30
text: ELIO is on his bed wearing only a bathing suit. His right
text: hand is down inside his swim suit. He is tense, expectant,
text: alert to every sound. There are footsteps just outside his
text: door. OLIVER, shirtless, enters the room from the bathroom.
text: ELIO quickly pulls his bathing suit higher with a jerking
text: movement as if caught in an embarrassing position.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Why aren’t you with the others at
dialog: the river?
text: ELIO is speechless, out of breath, says:
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I’m... I’m... I have... an allergy.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Me too. We might have the same one.
text: ELIO shrugs. A beat.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: Want to go for a swim? Just the two
dialog: of us?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (still out of breath)
dialog: Later, maybe.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (extending his hand)
dialog: Let’s go now.
text: ELIO grabs his hand and turns on his side facing the wall,
text: away from OLIVER, to prevent him from seeing his confusion -
text: but in his movement is also a slight tugging which could have
text: pulled OLIVER down on the bed.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Must we?
text: OLIVER straightens up, pauses again to look down, and still
text: grasping Elio’s hand, succeeds in pulling him upright.
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I’m going to change. What about
dialog: you?
text: He leaves Elio’s room. ELIO puts his hand - the one Oliver
text: had been holding - down inside his bathing suit, finds it
text: damp, pulls it out, then hits his forehead with his fist
dialog: saying: “Stupid! Stupid!”
text: He strips off the trunks and, naked and defiant, goes out
text: into the bathroom while grabbing a new pair of trunks.
scene_heading: INT. ELIO’S AND OLIVER’S BATHROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - AFTERNGUN
text: ELIO, while wearing his swimsuit, gets a glimpse of OLIVER
text: naked in his room.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
text: (calling out as he gets
dialog: into his bathing suit)
dialog: See you downstairs!
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE/BOCCHIRALE - PERLMAN VILLA - AFTERNOON 32
text: OLIVER comes down the stairs of the house followed by ELIO.
text: They are surprised to find CHIARA and MARZIA there. OLIVER
text: isn’t wearing any shirt and CHIARA makes a ball of the
text: billowy blue shirt he’d been wearing earlier and tosses it at
text: him. He puts it over the head of a bronze bust of Elio’s
dialog: grandmother.
speaker_heading: CHIARA
dialog: Enough now. We’re going to the
dialog: river and you’ re coming.
text: There are a number of Professor Perlman’s loose papers lying
text: on a chair in the bocchirale [hallway]. OLIVER starts
text: gathering them up.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Let me sort these papers out. Or
dialog: his father will skin me alive.
speaker_heading: CHIARA
dialog: (in French)
dialog: En parlant de peau, approche.
dialog: (Talking about skin, come here.)
text: She goes up to him and with her fingernails gently and slowly
text: tries to pull a sliver of peeling skin from his tanned
text: shoulder. ELIO watches with envy, wishing he was the one
dialog: doing that.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CHIARA (CONT’D)
dialog: Tell his father that I crumpled his
dialog: papers. We'll see what he says
dialog: then..
text: He takes the Perlman papers to the study. While he’s gone
text: CHIARA looks at Oliver’s manuscript lying on the chair.
speaker_heading: CHIARA (CONT’D)
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: I could do a better job translating
dialog: than whoever this is.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (returning)
dialog: Do you type good too?
speaker_heading: CHIARA
dialog: I type good.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: As good as you speak good?
speaker_heading: CHIARA
dialog: Bettah. And I’d give you a bettah
dialog: price too. Stand still.
text: She pulls another patch of skin off his shoulder. As she’s
text: doing this he stands very close to her.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I need five pages translated per
dialog: day, to be ready for pickup every
dialog: morning.
text: Looking up at him.
speaker_heading: CHIARA
dialog: Then I won’t do nu’in for you.
dialog: Don’t move.
dialog: (she extracts another
dialog: patch from his arm)
dialog: Find yuh-sef somebuddy else.
text: She drops the bits of peeled-off skin into a plant.
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: (in French)
dialog: Allons nous baigner.
dialog: (Let’s go swimming.)
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Yeah, come on.
text: He hands OLIVER his sunglasses and hands him the red edition
text: of Lucretius, it was lying on a table and never leaves his
dialog: side.
dialog: 33
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (mumbled to Elio)
dialog: Thanks, Buddy.
text: There is an intimacy in these actions that ELIO both enjoys
text: and slightly flaunts. In return, CHIARA takes Oliver’s arm to
text: move him through the door, leaving the other two to follow.
text: As he leaves, OLIVER puts on his blue shirt.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT WITH DANCE FLOOR - NIGHT 33
text: A restaurant bar with an open air dancing floor. Everyone
text: dances. CHIARA does her sexy dancing for OLIVER, who is
text: enjoying himself and is a very good dancer. The music is
dialog: “Paris Latino” by Bandolero.
text: ELIO goes back to their table with MARZIA and one or two of
text: the others. He watches CHIARA and OLIVER on the little dance
text: floor. She moves her thighs in between his. Their moves are
text: not the moves of people who stop at heavy petting.
speaker_heading: MALE FRIEND # ONE
dialog: Ma ci sta provando? (Is he hitting
dialog: on her?)
speaker_heading: MALE FRIEND # TWO
dialog: Ha gid cuccato? (Are they doing it,
dialog: then?)
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Che ne so. (I don’t care.)
speaker_heading: MALE FRIEND # ONE
dialog: Quanto vorrei essere nei suoi
dialog: panni. (I'd love to be in his
dialog: shoes.)
speaker_heading: FEMALE FRIEND # ONE
dialog: (to Marzia)
dialog: Chi non vorrebbe essere nei panni
dialog: di lei, piuttosto.. (Who wouldn’t
dialog: want to be in her shoes, I say..)
text: ELIO watches them dancing, thinks he’d give anything to be in
text: her shoes. MARZIA studies the look on his face. He pretends
dialog: to like watching them dance together.
speaker_heading: MARZIA
speaker_heading: (to EVERYONE)
dialog: Lo vuole a tutti i costi, eh.
dialog: (She’s really after him, that’s
dialog: clear.)
text: The music changes, “Love my way” by Psychedelic Furs hits the
text: dance floor. At the sound of this song OLIVER changes his way
text: of dancing to a more self-obsessed style. A perfect new-wave
dialog: style.
dialog: 34
dialog: 24.
text: They all watch OLIVER’s solo act with surprise and amusement.
text: ELIO looks at him, mesmerized, until MARZIA pulls him back on
text: the dance floor. There is a strange energy and exchange of
text: glances between them.
text: Elio chooses not to be embarrassed and lets loose with a
text: sharp little solo of his own. The others applaud. Close on
text: Marzia amused.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - NIGHT 34
text: ELIO and MARZIA are at the river. They strip their clothes
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: (in french)
dialog: Tu n'es pas avec moi
dialog: parce que tu es faché contre
dialog: Chiara?
dialog: (You're not with me because you’ re
dialog: angry with Chiara?)
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (in french)
dialog: Pourquoi je serais faéché contre
dialog: Chiara ?
dialog: (Why should I be angry with
dialog: Chiara?)
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: (in french)
dialog: A cause de lui.
dialog: (Because of him.)
text: ELIO shakes his head, feigning a puzzled look meant to show
dialog: that he can’t begin to guess where she’d gotten such a
text: notion. They run into the river. They swim and then come
dialog: ashore.
speaker_heading: MARZIA (CONT’D)
dialog: (towelling herself dry
dialog: with her sweater)
dialog: Retourne-toi. Ne me
dialog: regarde pas.
dialog: (Turn around. Don’t stare at me.)
text: She looks the other way while he gets back into his own
text: clothes. When they are no longer naked he takes her hand and
text: kisses it on the palm, then kisses the space between her
text: fingers, then her mouth. She’s slow to kiss him back.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (in french)
dialog: Retrouvons-nous ici demain soir.
dialog: Je serai la avant toi.
dialog: (Let’s meet tomorrow night. I’1ll be
dialog: here before you.)
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: (in french)
dialog: Ne le dis a personne.
dialog: (Just don’t tell anyone.)
scene_heading: 35 INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 35
text: The same night. All the lights are off. ELIO, sleeping in his
text: bed, is woken up by the sound of Oliver peeing in the
text: adjoining bathroom - the careless, uninhibited male force of
text: it. ELIO listens, then stands up and goes towards the door.
scene_heading: 36 EXT. GARDEN IN FRONT OF THE KITCHEN - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 36
text: The next morning. OLIVER shows off his newly acquired talent
text: with a soft-boiled egg, neatly shearing off the shell. He
text: looks a bit hung-over, with circles under his eyes.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (in something of an antic
dialog: mood we haven’t seen
dialog: before, self-mocking)
dialog: We almost did it. Marzia and me.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: (from behind his paper,
dialog: and raising his eyebrows)
dialog: And why didn’t you?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Dunno.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (half-comforting, half-
dialog: mocking)
dialog: Better to have tried and failed...
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: All I had to do was find the
dialog: courage to reach out and touch, she
dialog: would have said yes.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (seemingly off-hand)
dialog: Try again later.
text: ANNELLA comes in and while she is seating herself, asks:
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: Try later, what?
text: PROFESSOR PERLMAN and OLIVER laugh, then the Professor
dialog: changes the subject.
dialog: 37
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
speaker_heading: (to OLIVER)
dialog: I just heard from the people in
dialog: Sirmione, they say they’ve come up
dialog: with something. I’m going there
dialog: today, would you like to go with
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I’d like that very much.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Can’t I come too?
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: On condition that you remain
dialog: silent.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: Silent as in too many opinions on
dialog: things, or silent as in Security:
dialog: not telling anybody what fabulous
dialog: things have been dug up?
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: Nothing is being dug up. It’s what
dialog: has been brought up - out of the
dialog: water.
text: OLIVER looks awed.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN ENTRANCE - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 37
text: Later. ANCHISE is wiping the windshield of the Perlmans’ car.
text: ELIO comes out just as CHIARA arrives on her bike. She asks
text: him where Oliver is.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (in French)
dialog: On va au lac de Garde
dialog: avec mon pére. Il veut montrer 4
dialog: Oliver l'endroit ot ils draguent.
dialog: (We’ re going to Lake Garda with
dialog: dad. He wants to show Oliver where
dialog: they’ re dredging.)
text: CHIARA is disappointed.
speaker_heading: CHIARA
dialog: (in French)
dialog: Dis-lui que je suis passée.
dialog: (Tell him I came by.)
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (in French)
dialog: Il est a4 l'intérieur, il aide mon
dialog: pére. Tu étais incroyable sur la
dialog: piste, hier soir.
dialog: (He’s inside helping dad. You were
text: great on the dance floor last
dialog: night.)
speaker_heading: CHIARA
dialog: (in French)
dialog: Il danse trés bien.
dialog: (He dances great.)
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (in French)
dialog: Et il est beau aussi, non?
dialog: (And he’s great looking, isn’t he?)
speaker_heading: CHIARA
dialog: (in French)
dialog: Tu veux jouer les entremetteurs?
dialog: (What are you trying to do, fix us
dialog: up?)
text: She leaves him and goes into the house. ELIO gets in the back
text: seat of the car and waits. Then OLIVER and CHIARA come out.
text: They speak for a moment, standing close. She kisses him on
text: the cheek, then gets on her bike and takes off.
text: OLIVER gets into the front seat of the car, but ELIO tells
text: him to sit in the back.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Dad always sits up front with
dialog: Anchise to navigate.
text: OLIVER gets in the back next to ELIO. He watches CHIARA
text: riding away.
speaker_heading: ELIO (CONT’D)
dialog: She seems to like you a lot - She’s
dialog: more beautiful than she was last
dialog: year.
text: OLIVER doesn’t respond.
speaker_heading: ELIO (CONT’D)
dialog: I saw her naked on a night swim.
dialog: She has a great body.
text: OLIVER turns to look at ELIO, surprised.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Are you trying to make me like her?
text: While talking their bare legs briefly collide.
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: What would be the harm in that?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: No harm. Except I like to go at it
dialog: alone, if you don’t mind.
text: There is a long pause as PROFESSOR PERLMAN comes out and
text: speaks to ANCHISE.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: (to Anchise)
dialog: Guido io oggi, non ti preoccupare.
dialog: Non fare quella faccia Anchise!
dialog: prenditi il pomeriggio libero.
dialog: (I think I will drive myself today.
dialog: Anchise, don’t be so upset! take
dialog: the afternoon off.)
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Don’t play at being the good host,
dialog: just don’t.
text: PERLMAN gets in the front seat. As there seems to be a tense
text: silence behind, he turns around as the engine starts.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: What’s going on, boys? Oliver, come
dialog: sit up front and be my navigator.
text: OLIVER smiles at Elio as if to say: "See?"
scene_heading: INT./EXT. PERLMAN CAR - DAY - LATER 38
text: PERLMAN drives the car through the countryside, OLIVER has a
text: map open on his legs. Hot air blows in through all the open
text: windows. They are silent as the news plays on the radio,
text: reporting on the P2 Masonic lodge.
text: ELIO looks outside but his attention is drawn to Oliver’s
dialog: neck.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: (ENTRY ON THE FACTS OF THIS ITALIAN
speaker_heading: SUMMER 1983)
scene_heading: EXT. SIRMIONE - GROTTE DI CATULLO (VILLA) - DAY 39
text: PERLMAN, OLIVER and ELIO walk through the magnificent ruins
text: of the roman villa overlooking Lake Garda, the Grotte di
text: Catullo (Caves). Perlman is explaining to Oliver that only
dialog: part of the archaeological treasures of this area has come to
dialog: light.
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: The ship went down in 1827 on the
dialog: way to the villa of Count Lechi
dialog: here on this island.
text: A delegation of archaeologists is waiting for them. The
text: senior member rushes up to PERLMAN and greets him. They all
text: gather in the small beach that is dominated by the ruins.
text: Perlman is showed with the arm of a statue. He is very
dialog: excited.
scene_heading: EXT. SIRMIONE - GROTTE DI CATULLO (BEACH)- DAY 40
text: A salvage operation is in progress. Some small boats surround
text: a floating platform. At the center of the platform is a
text: winch. There are scuba divers and other people all around.
text: PERLMAN goes in the water and walks through the shallows
text: towards an inflatable boat that is standing by, ready to take
text: him to the platform. ELIO is proud of his father and like
text: Oliver is excited. The professor gestures them to join him.
scene_heading: EXT. FLOATING PLATFORM - LAKE GARDA - DAY 41
text: PERLMAN, OLIVER, ELIO and other men are on the boat, now next
text: to the platform.
text: At the center of the platform below the cable of the winch is
text: a large opening. A steel cable is lowered into the water and
text: steadied by the site workers.
text: The wait. Finally the cable is pulled back up - it pulls an
text: antique statue out of the water. PERLMAN, edging closer,
text: watches the operation minutely. A bronze Boxer slowly comes
text: up through the opening in the platform, secured by the husky
text: divers, and as it does a chain-metal trap inches underneath
dialog: it to prevent it from falling back into the water if
dialog: something should go wrong.
text: The statue, missing its left arm but otherwise intact, is of
text: an athlete, a boxer, naked, a kind of finger-less glove and
text: wrist-strap. Like the damaged arm and gloved hand, the statue
text: is encrusted with the lake water deposits of a century. It is
text: still possible to admire the beauty of the athlete’s face,
text: set with enamelled eyes that seem to be staring straight out
text: through the murky water at his rescuers. A photographer in
text: fins goes in for a close-up. There is great excitement.
scene_heading: EXT. SIRMIONE - GROTTE DI CATULLO (BEACH) - AFTERNOON 42
text: Later, back on the beach. The bronze has been dried and
text: cleaned. PERLMAN is speaking in Italian with the other men
dialog: and women who took part in the operation, and who are
dialog: analyzing the find.
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Dad, why are we only finding him
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: A good question. His partner -
text: they’re a pair - is in the Vatican.
dialog: There are four known sets, after
dialog: the Praxiteles originals. This
dialog: fellow is Number Three. The Emperor
text: Hadrian had a pair, dug up at
dialog: Tivoli, but one of the more
dialog: philistine of the Farnese popes
dialog: melted them down and had them
text: recast as a particularly voluptuous
dialog: Venus that was traded to Napoleon
dialog: later on.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I guess they didn’t need two pairs.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: No..
text: The sun is setting, casting its last rays on the long-missing
text: athlete for the first time in more than a hundred years.
text: Armed Carabinieri assemble to guard it for the night.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN (CONT’ D)
dialog: Who would like to go for a swim
dialog: before we head back?
scene_heading: EXT. WATER - LAKE GARDA - SUNSET 43
text: They swim in a little cove not far from the rig that pulled
text: up the bronze Boxer. It is almost dark, with a cloud streaked
text: sky reflected in the water. The lights on the rig go on,
text: including a big floodlight. The lake is surrounded by snow
text: capped mountains.
text: Treading water, PERLMAN says to ELIO and OLIVER, who are
text: nearby, and referring to the armed guards left on the
dialog: floating platform with the athlete:
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: They’ re all such rogues. Our boxer
dialog: could be on a plane to the Geneva
dialog: antiquities market tonight for all
dialog: I know.
text: They laugh. The moon is beginning to rise over the water.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - NIGHT 44
text: The same moon shines on the water of the river where MARZIA
text: waits for ELIO, as promised. She looks at her wristwatch.
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 31.
scene_heading: EXT. PERLMAN VILLA / MAIN ENTRANCE - NIGHT 45
text: The Perlman car reaches the villa and all get out. ELIO runs
text: around the house to get his bike and wheels it out on to the
dialog: road.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I have to go!!
text: The two men smile at Elio's passionate haste.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: Are you going too?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: No Prof, I have to work.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: How about a drink to celebrate the
dialog: day?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: That would be great.
scene_heading: INT. OLIVER’S ROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 46
text: OLIVER is sitting at his desk in his boxer shorts only,
text: working; only the desk light is on. A lit cigarette between
text: his fingers. A radio plays some summer music at a low volume.
text: Oliver wraps up his corrections on a page and marks it: “to
dialog: be typed”.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD / RIVER -— NIGHT 47
text: ELIO is riding on his bike on the way to the river, trying to
text: catch his date with Marzia. When he gets there, no one is
text: waiting. He calls her name. There is a soft sound, little
text: waves lapping on the river shore. The moon is brighter than
dialog: ever and has risen considerably.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
speaker_heading: [TBC]
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 48
text: The following day. A thunderstorm and heavy rain dashes the
text: plants in the garden and pours from the roof spouts.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 49
text: Inside the villa the three PERLMANS are sitting on a row ona
text: big couch as the lights flicker.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: Have you seen my Heptameron?
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: It must be over there...
text: ANNELLA finds the book.
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: This version is in German, but I’1ll
dialog: translate: Ein gut aus sehender
dialog: junger Ritter ist wahnsinnig
dialog: verliebt in eine Prinzessin. Sie
dialog: auch ist in ihn verliebt.
text: “,..A handsome young knight is
text: madly in love with a princess. She
dialog: too is in love with him...
dialog: ...obwohl es so scheint, als sei
dialog: sie sich nicht vollig ihrer eigenen
dialog: Liebe bewusst.
dialog: ...though she seems not to be
text: entirely aware of it.
dialog: Despite the friendship...
dialog: Freundschaft... that blossoms
dialog: between them, or perhaps because of
dialog: that very friendship, the young
text: knight finds himself so humbled and
text: speechless that he is totally
dialog: unable to bring up the subject of
text: his love. One day he asks the
dialog: princess point-blank: Ich bitte
dialog: euch ratet mir was besser ist...
dialog: reden oder sterben. ‘Is it better
dialog: to speak or die’.
text: The lights suddenly all go out in the house; the music from a
text: long-playing record dies to a stop. There is a shout in the
text: kitchen, MAFALDA.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (still thinking about the
dialog: Knight and the princess)
dialog: I’d never have the courage to ask
dialog: such a question.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: We were your age once. The things
dialog: you feel and think only you have
dialog: felt, believe me, We’ve suffered
dialog: through all of them, and more than
dialog: once - some you never get over and
dialog: others you’re as ignorant about as
dialog: you are today.
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: (nodding in agreement)
dialog: Make new friends if the old ones
dialog: don’t interest you but stop haning
dialog: around the house all the time.
dialog: Books, books, books, always books,
dialog: et toutes ces partitions... (is all
dialog: those score books)... play more
dialog: tennis, go dancing more often with
dialog: Chiara and Marzia - tu les aimes
dialog: no? (you like them, don’t you?) Get
dialog: to know people...
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: Find out why others are so
dialog: necessary in life and not just
text: foreign bodies to be sidled up to.
text: They have been sitting in near darkness. The rain beats
text: against the window panes. ANNELLA spreads an afghan over the
text: knees of the three of them, saying “It’s getting cold in
text: here”. Just then the lights come back on and the music
text: resumes. She looks at her son and runs her fingers through
text: his hair tenderly.
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: Fai anche pazzie se devi. (Do crazy
dialog: things if you must.) (Fais des
dialog: folies, s’il le faut.)
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM / KITCHEN - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 50
text: The next day. The storm has passed, leaving a coolness. ELIO
text: is playing the piano. He is immersed in thought, his mind is
text: elsewhere. He breaks off, gets up, moves from room to room
text: downstairs. The kitchen is empty as well. It’s the hour of
text: siesta. Oliver’s bike is missing.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE / CORRIDOR - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 51
text: ELIO goes back inside and up the stairs very quietly and
text: along the corridor he shares with Oliver. He approaches
text: Oliver’s door like a detective looking for clues. He is about
text: to open it when he hears the sounds of someone coming up the
text: back stairs; he opens the door to his own room instead, and
text: walks in.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR / ELIO’S - OLIVER’S ROOM / SHARED BATHROOM - 52
speaker_heading: DAY
text: MAFALDA appears in the corridor, holding the laundry of the
text: two young men. She brusquely opens Oliver’s door, puts
dialog: Oliver’s shorts, socks, handkerchiefs, maybe the blue
text: “pillowy” shirt, on his dresser. She goes out, then knocks on
text: Elio’s door.
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
dialog: 34.
text: ELIO says “Avanti” and she goes in with a pile of the same
text: sort of clothes belonging to him. He’s lying on his bed,
text: pretending to read a book. She leaves; he can hear her
text: retreating footsteps. When she is safely gone he stealthily
text: goes into Oliver’s room through the bathroom they share. He
text: looks around Oliver’s room.
scene_heading: INT. OLIVER’S ROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 53
text: He goes to the little pile of laundry and examines it, sees
text: the folded boxer shorts (or Jockey) - passes his finger tips
text: over them, then goes to the closet. Hanging on a hook is the
text: red bathing suit. He picks it up - it’s dry - and brings it
text: to his face. He rubs his face inside it, smelling it, looks
text: inside it as if searching for something, kisses every inch of
text: it, licks the inside of the supporter as if trying to finda
dialog: taste of Oliver.
text: ELIO quickly slips out of his own bathing suit and pulls on
text: Oliver’s. He undoes Oliver’s bed and gets into it, putting
text: the pillow over his face and kissing it savagely, smelling it
text: again and again, searching for Oliver’s scent, then wraps his
text: bare legs around it.
text: Suddenly he hears the sound of a bicycle approaching goes to
text: look out the window. He can just partly see OLIVER leaving
text: his bike by a wall and coming in the villa. Elio removes
text: Oliver’s trunks and tidies up the bed, exiting the room.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR (1ST FLOOR) - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 54
text: ELIO runs towards the window at the end of the corridor and
text: looks down from it. No one. Finally Oliver appears going down
text: the steps and moving towards the stone trough. Elio runs to
text: the stairs and goes down to the ground floor.
scene_heading: EXT. ABBEVERATOIO - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 55
text: Later. ELIO is sitting under the trees with his score book
text: open. OLIVER sits on the edge of the stone trough with his
text: feet in the water, he is wearing his straw hat.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: My mom’s been reading this 16th
dialog: century French romance. She read
dialog: some of it to my Dada and I the day
text: the lights went out.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: About the knight who doesn’t know
dialog: whether to speak or die? You told
dialog: me already.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Well, does he or doesn’t he?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Better to speak, she said. But
text: she’s on her guard. She senses a
dialog: trap somewhere.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: So does he speak?
speaker_heading: ELIO
text: No, he fudges.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: That figures. Listen, I need to
dialog: pick up something in town.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I’ll go, if you want me to.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Let’s go together.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Now?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Why, have you got anything better
dialog: to do?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: No.
text: OLIVER puts some pages of his manuscript into his old frayed
dialog: book bag.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: So let’s go.
text: ELIO puts down his fountain pen, closes his score book, and
text: in doing so knocks a half-full glass of lemonade onto the
text: grass. It doesn’t break. OLIVER, who is close by, comes over,
text: picks it up, and puts it back where it was.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: You didn’t have to.
text: Creating a little pause before replying, for emphasis.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I wanted to.
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: 56 EXT. PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 56
text: On the way to the shed to collect their bikes, they pass
text: ANCHISE, who hands OLIVER his bike with a wry smile. OLIVER
text: smiles back.
speaker_heading: ANCHISE
dialog: (Mixture of Italian and
dialog: English)
dialog: (I straightened the wheel. It took
dialog: some doing. I also put air in the
dialog: tires.)
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Grazie.
text: ELIO and OLIVER reach the road, where they pause for a
text: moment. OLIVER pulls up his shirt and pulls down the top of
text: his shorts to expose a big scrape and bruise on his left hip.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: (showing ELIO his wound)
dialog: I fell the other day on the way
dialog: back and scraped myself pretty
dialog: badly. Anchise insisted on applying
dialog: me some sort of witch’s brew. He
dialog: also fixed the bike for me.
text: ELIO leans over closely to see Oliver’s scrape, which is
text: smeared with a black unguent.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Does he give you the creeps?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: That’s what my aunt says. Anchise.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (pulling his clothes
dialog: together and turning out
dialog: on the road)
dialog: Of course not. Just a lost soul,
dialog: really, like most of us.
scene_heading: 57 EXT. TOWN SQUARE - DAY 57
text: They arrive on their bikes at the little town square. OLIVER
text: buys a pack of cigarettes, Gauloises. He lights one up, then
dialog: offers one to ELIO.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: You want to try one?
dialog: 37.
text: ELIO nods and OLIVER cups his hands very near Elio’s face and
text: lights his cigarette.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: Not bad, right?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (drawing on it)
dialog: Not bad at all. I thought you
dialog: didn’t smoke.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I don’t.
dialog: (taking another drag)
text: They walk their bikes towards the little World War I memorial
text: in the center of the square which is dedicated to the youth
text: of the town who perished in the Battle of Piave. They pause a
dialog: moment to read the plaque.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: World War II? Did the Allies fight
dialog: near here?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: No. This is World War I. You’d have
dialog: to be at least eighty years old to
dialog: have known any of them.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Is there anything you don’t know? I
dialog: never heard of the Battle of Piave.
text: ELIO looks at OLIVER. He hesitates, then bursts out:
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I know nothing Oliver. Nothing,
dialog: just nothing.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
text: (looking at him steadily
dialog: You know more than anyone around
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: If you only knew how little I know
dialog: about the things that really
dialog: matter.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: What things that matter?
text: ELIO looks him straight in the eye for once, summoning up his
dialog: courage:
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: You know what things. By now you of
dialog: all people should know.
dialog: Silence.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Why are you telling me all this?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Because I thought you should know.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
text: (he repeats ELIO’s words
text: slowly, playing for time
dialog: as he considers them)
dialog: Because you thought I should know.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Because I want you to know
dialog: (blurting it out)
dialog: Because there is no one else I can
dialog: say this to but you.
text: There is a magnificent view. A tiny bus works its way uphill,
text: with some bikers struggling behind it. To buy time, OLIVER
text: turns to look at it before replying:
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Are you saying what I think you’re
dialog: saying?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Yes.
text: Now that he’s spilled the beans at last, ELIO takes on the
text: laid-back, mildly exasperated air which the felon has, once
text: he surrendered to the police, when he confesses how he robbed
dialog: the store.
text: OLIVER looks at ELIO for a long moment, then gestures towards
text: the shop front where he takes his manuscript to be typed up.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Wait for me here. Don’t go away.
speaker_heading: ELIO
text: (looking at OLIVER with a
dialog: confiding smile)
dialog: You know I’m not going anywhere.
text: Two buses stop nearby to unload their passengers - older
text: women arriving from adjoining villages to shop. ELIO turns to
text: read the names listed on the monument. OLIVER returns.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: They’ ve mixed up my pages and now
dialog: they have to retype the whole
dialog: thing. So I have nothing to work on
dialog: this afternoon. Which sets me back
dialog: a whole day. Damn!
dialog: 58
dialog: 39.
text: ELIO looks as if it has been his fault the typist made a
dialog: mistake.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I wish I hadn’t spoken.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I’m going to pretend you never did.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (unfazed)
dialog: Does this mean we’re on speaking
dialog: terms - but not really?
text: OLIVER thinks about this.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Look, we can’t talk about such
dialog: things, we really can’t.
text: He slings his bag with its papers around him and the two are
text: off down hill.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD/SPRINGS - FONTANILI GAVERINE - DAY 58
text: Now that ELIO has laid his cards on the table, the scenery
text: and the fine weather buoy his spirits. They ride together on
text: the empty country road that at this time of day is all for
text: them. The sun pounds exposed patches along the way, exposing
text: the undergrowth. Thirsty they stop by a factory. They look
text: for water and in the factory Oliver is surprised to see a
text: Mussolini picture hanging on a wall. They laugh.
text: Later, at another crossroad.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Follow me. I’11 show you a spot
dialog: visitors have never seen. That is,
dialog: if you have time.
text: ELIO turns off into a little path towards some spring water
text: ponds surrounded by willow trees. ELIO leans his bike against
text: one of them, followed by OLIVER.
speaker_heading: ELIO (CONT’D)
dialog: This is my spot. All mine. I come
dialog: here to read. I can’t begin to tell
dialog: you the number of books I’ve read
dialog: here.
text: Oliver puts his hands in the water.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: It's freezing cold!
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: The spring is in the mountains, the
dialog: Alpi Orobie. The water comes
dialog: straight down from there.
text: Oliver freshens up his face with this water.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Do you like being alone?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: No one likes being alone. But I’ve
dialog: learned how to live with it.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Are you always so wise? So very
dialog: wise?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I’m not wise at all. I told you, I
dialog: know nothing. I know books, and I
dialog: know how to string words together -
dialog: it doesn’t mean I know how to speak
dialog: about the things - about the things
dialog: that matter most to me.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: But you’re doing it now - in a way.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Yes, in a way - that’s how I always
dialog: say things: in a way.
text: Staring out
dialog: down on the
dialog: on the tips
text: to his feet
text: at the view so as not to look at him, ELIO sits
text: grass. OLIVER crouches a few yards away from ELIO
text: of his toes, as if at any moment he might spring
dialog: and go back to the bicycles.
speaker_heading: ELIO (CONT’D)
dialog: I come here to escape the known
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I like the way you say things. Why
dialog: are you always putting yourself
dialog: down?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: I don’t know. So you won’t, I
dialog: suppose.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Are you so scared of what others
dialog: think? Or what I think?
speaker_heading: ELIO shakes
text: his head. OLIVER waits for ELIO to say something.
text: He stares at him.
dialog: 41.
text: In the silence of the moment, ELIO stares back. It is the
text: first time ELIO has dared to stare back at OLIVER openly.
dialog: Before this moment he has always cast a glance, then looked
text: away from Oliver’s steely gaze. It is as if, finally, ELIO is
dialog: saying to Oliver: This is who I am, this is who you are, this
text: is what I want. He stares back with an I-dare-you-to-kiss-me
dialog: gaze.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: You’re making things very difficult
dialog: for me.
text: ELIO doesn’t back down. Neither does OLIVER.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Why am I making things difficult?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Because it would be very wrong.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Would?
text: OLIVER sits down on the grass, then lies down on his back,
text: his arms under his head, staring at the sky.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Yes, would. I’m not going to
dialog: pretend this hasn’t crossed my
dialog: mind.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I’d be the last to know.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Well, it has. There! What did you
dialog: think was going on?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Going on? Nothing...nothing.
text: After a long silence:
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I see. You've got it wrong, my
dialog: friend - if it makes you feel
dialog: better, I have to hold back. It’s
dialog: time you learned to do that too.
text: Each leaning on one arm, both stare out at the view.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: You're the luckiest kid in the
dialog: world.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (in something of a mocking
dialog: tone)
dialog: You don’t know the half of it.
text: OLIVER thinks about this. Then ELIO blurts out:
speaker_heading: ELIO (CONT’D)
dialog: So much of it is wrong.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: What? Your family?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: That too.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Us, you mean?
text: ELIO doesn’t reply. OLIVER moves up close to him. Very close.
text: He stares right in Elio’s face, as though he likes Elio’s
text: face and wants to study it, linger on it.
text: OLIVER touches Elio’s lower lip with his finger, lets it
text: travel left and right, then right and left again. OLIVER
text: smiles at ELIO as he lies there, and that very smile fills
text: ELIO with a kind of apprehension about what will happen next.
text: What happens next is that OLIVER brings his lips to Elio’s
text: mouth in a warm I’1l-meet-you-halfway-but-no-further kiss, a
text: conciliatory kiss. ELIO’s return kiss is so famished he loses
text: himself in it.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: (afterwards)
dialog: Better now?
text: ELIO doesn’t answer. He kisses OLIVER again, lifting his
text: face, as if to discover more, know more. Even with their
text: faces touching, their bodies are angles apart. ELIO lifts one
text: knee as if to face OLIVER.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: I think we should go.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: We can’t do this - I know myself.
dialog: So far we’ve behaved. We’ve been
dialog: good. Neither of us has done
dialog: anything to feel ashamed of. Let’s
dialog: keep it that way. I want to be
dialog: good.
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Don’t be. I don’t care. Who is to
dialog: know?
text: ELIO reaches for OLIVER in a quick, desperate move, lets his
text: hand rest on Oliver’s crotch. OLIVER doesn’t move. With total
text: composure, in a gesture that is both gentle and commanding,
text: he brings his own hand there, letting it rest on Elio’s fora
text: second. He twines his fingers into Elio’s, then lifts his
text: hand. A moment of silence.
speaker_heading: ELIO (CONT’D)
text: (suddenly abashed by his
dialog: own action)
dialog: Did I offend you?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Just don’t.
text: He gives Elio his hand and helps him stand up. He pulls up
text: his shirt to examine the scrape.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: I should make sure it doesn’t get
dialog: infected.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: We can stop by the pharmacist on
dialog: the way back.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY 59
text: They glide down the slope on their bikes, with wind in their
dialog: hair.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: We’1ll never speak again, you know..
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Don’t say that.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I just know it. We’1ll chit-chat,
dialog: chit-chat, chit-chat. And the funny
dialog: thing is, I can live with that.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: You just rhymed.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN IN FRONT OF THE KITCHEN - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 60
text: Lunch. A middle-aged ART HISTORIAN COUPLE have been invited
text: to lunch. The man is pompous, his wife no less so, dropping
text: Italian expressions constantly into her conversation. Both
text: are English. ELIO and OLIVER can hardly keep from laughing.
text: PERLMAN shoots his son a warning glance.
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 44,
text: Before dessert, as MAFALDA is clearing away the plates, and
text: as the others are pre-occupied with a conversation about
text: Antonello da Messina, ELIO feels a warm, bare foot casually
text: brush his. ELIO, thrilled, waits a few moments before
text: withdrawing his foot, so as not to give Oliver the impression
text: he is recoiling in panic.
text: ELIO’s foot, after a few seconds, begins to seek the other
text: out. His toe suddenly bumps Oliver’s foot, which had not
dialog: moved away.
text: Without warning, Oliver’s foot at once moves onto Elio’s.
text: Softly, gently, it begins a caressing motion, never holding
text: still, but rubbing the arch of Elio’s foot with the smooth
text: round ball of Oliver’s heel, holding Elio’s foot in place.
text: The caresses are sometimes tied to the lady art historian’s
text: more ludicrous comments in Italian, Oliver’s way of
text: commenting on the pair. But it also is telling Elio that this
text: is strictly between the two of them, and is a return to the
text: intimacy of their secret kisses on the grass.
dialog: We see the stealthy foot-play. For Oliver it is all fun and
text: games, punctuating the conversation.
text: ELIO becomes giddy as MAFALDA serves him ice-cream. As he
text: begins to eat, it notices red spots appearing on the dessert.
text: It’s coming from above his head. He realizes that it is
text: streaming from his nose, that he is having a nosebleed.
speaker_heading: ELIO
text: (covering his nose with
dialog: his napkin)
dialog: Ghiaccio, ice, Mafalda, per favore,
dialog: presto!
text: OLIVER, astounded, leaps up and hands him his napkin. ELIO
dialog: tries to be calm, explains to everyone how "It happens all
text: the time”. Holding the napkin to his nose to stanch the
text: stream of blood falling into his dessert, he rises and
dialog: leaves.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 61
text: ELIO is in the kitchen looking for ice to stop his nose
text: bleeding, but the freezer is empty.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 62
text: Later. In a very tight and confined space beside the living
text: room is the Perlman bar. ELIO is sitting on the floor, his
text: head tilted back, and is holding a napkin full of ice - now a
text: mixture of blood and water - on his nose. Beside him is an
dialog: ice bucket.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Elio! Where are you?
dialog: 45.
text: OLIVER is the bocchirale [hallway], looking for him. Elio
text: waves from the bar. Oliver goes over to him. ELIO smiles
dialog: ruefully.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: Was it my fault?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I’m a mess, aren’t I?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I guess. The ancients said it never
dialog: hurts to be bled from time to time.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Sit for a second.
text: ELIO shifts a little to make room. The place is very tight,
text: his bare feet touch Oliver's ankles for a moment.
text: OLIVER takes Elio's feet in his hands and begins massaging
text: them, pulling on his toes until they crack. ELIO cries out in
dialog: mingled pleasure and pain.
speaker_heading: ELIO (CONT’D)
dialog: Where did you learn to do that?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: My Jewish grandmother. She did it
dialog: all the time to us.
text: Elio looks again at Oliver’s necklace with the Star of David
text: on his chest.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I have one of those.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: You don’t ever wear it?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: My mother says we are Jews of
dialog: discretion.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I guess that fits your mom...
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: You're going to kill me, you know
dialog: that? Ouch!
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (giving a final tug to one
dialog: of Elio’s big toes, and
dialog: getting up)
dialog: I hope not.
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: Are you going to be okay?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I’ll get over it.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Come on, stand up. Lie on the
dialog: couch, rest a little. I’11l stick
dialog: around.
text: Oliver helps Elio up.
scene_heading: INT. BOCCHIRALE - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 63
text: In the bocchirale OLIVER meets the sisters MARZIA and CHIARA.
text: They’ re giggling.
speaker_heading: CHIARA
dialog: How is he? Will he live?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I think so. He gave me a scare.
text: Bleeding all over the dining table.
speaker_heading: CHIARA
dialog: Really? I’11 be back in a minute.
dialog: Don’t go anywhere.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 64
text: The girls burst into the living room where Elio is lying on
text: the couch. CHIARA sits at the foot of it, MARZIA stands
text: peering down at ELIO. He looks up at her a bit sheepishly.
text: CHIARA takes a cigarette out of a pack and lights it. She
text: takes a drag on it, then holds it out close to the sole of
text: Elio’s bare foot. He pulls it up fast.
speaker_heading: CHIARA
dialog: (in French)
dialog: Ca t'a fait mal ? Pourtant,
dialog: tu as des pieds de paysan
dialog: qui ne sentent rien. Paysan!
dialog: (You felt that? You have peasant
text: feet. They don’t feel things.
dialog: Peasant!)
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: (in French)
dialog: Laisse-le tranquille!
dialog: (Leave him alone!)
text: Marzia caresses his hair softly.
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: 65A
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CHIARA
dialog: (in French)
dialog: Doucement. Tu vas encore le faire
dialog: saigner.
dialog: (Easy. You’1l make him bleed
dialog: again.)
text: She holds out her pack of cigarettes to him and he takes one.
text: She lights it for him and he smokes it. CHIARA looks at him
text: coolly, as if looking at a rival.
speaker_heading: CHIARA (CONT’D)
dialog: (in French)
dialog: Alors... On sort ou pas?
dialog: (So... are we going somewhere?)
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (in french)
dialog: Peut-6tre. Mais si on sort, il ne
dialog: faut pas que ma mére me voie, elle
dialog: s'inquiéterait.
dialog: (regardant autour de lui)
dialog: ou est Oliver?
dialog: (Maybe. But if I go out my mother
dialog: can't see me. She'll get worried.
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Where’s Oliver?)
speaker_heading: CHIARA
dialog: (in french)
dialog: Qu’est-ce que j’en sais?
dialog: (How would I know?)
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - AFTERNOON 65
text: ELIO walks into the fresh water and swims. Down the river is
text: a group of his FRIENDS playing on the grass, Oliver isn’t
text: there. Elio is not unhappy. There is a rippling shaft of
text: sunlight on the water directly towards him. He swims into it.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN / PATIO - PERLMAN VILLA - LATER 65A
text: ELIO makes himself a smoothie in Mafalda’s kitchen, cutting
text: up a peach, a banana, then a pear, dates. Mafalda wants to do
text: it for him and tries to take the knife away. To her, a
dialog: smoothie is a foreign concoction.
speaker_heading: MAFALDA
dialog: Faccio io.
dialog: (Let me)
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: No, no, faccio da solo.
dialog: (No, I’m doing it by myself)
dialog: 48.
text: He puts the cut-up fruit into a blender. While the blender
text: makes the smoothie he glances from the window out in the
text: garden at ANNELLA sitting on the bench overlooking the south
text: garden. She is working on a manuscript. He takes the smoothie
text: out into the garden, it is the last hour of the sun in the
text: waning day.
text: He drinks the smoothie, feeling rested. He calls to his
dialog: mother.
speaker_heading: ELIO (CONT’D)
dialog: Est-ce qu’Oliver est la?
dialog: (Is Oliver around?)
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: N’est il pas sorti?
dialog: (Didn’t he go out?)
text: MAFALDA exits from the kitchen. While ELIO goes to sit with
dialog: his mother.
speaker_heading: MAFALDA
dialog: Signora vuole un frullato pure lei?
dialog: (Madame do you want a smoothie
dialog: too?)
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: No grazie Mafalda, ceniamo tra
dialog: poco. (No, thanks Mafalda, we’re
dialog: going to dinner)
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Io esco stasera, non ceno (I’m
dialog: going out this evening, I won’t
dialog: have dinner)
speaker_heading: MAFALDA
dialog: Ma dove vai a quest’ora? Mi fai
dialog: preoccupare. (But where at this
dialog: hour? I worry)
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Ma di che? (about what?)
speaker_heading: MAFALDA
dialog: Secondo me non va bene. Signora...
dialog: (I'd advise against it)
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: (Smiling)
dialog: Lasciamolo fare.
dialog: (Let’s leave him)
text: MAFALDA enters the kitchen.
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: Revision49.
speaker_heading: ANNELLA (CONT’D)
dialog: Tu 1l’aimes bien, n’est-ce pas,
dialog: Oliver?
dialog: (You like him, don’t you? Oliver?)
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Tout le monde aime Oliver.
dialog: (Everyone likes Oliver.)
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: Il t’aime bien aussi - plus que
dialog: toi, je pense.
dialog: (He likes you too - more than you
dialog: do, I think.)
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: C’est ton impression?
dialog: (Is that your impression?)
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: Non c’est celle d’Oliver.
dialog: (No, it was Oliver's.)
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Quand t’a-t-il dit cela?
dialog: (When did he tell you that?)
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: Il y a un moment.
dialog: (A while ago.)
text: ANNELLA caresses ELIO’s hair. He abruptly stands up. Then
text: sits down again.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH TERRAZZA - PERLMAN VILLA - EVENING 66
text: After dinner. ELIO is in the terrazza, waiting for Oliver to
text: return. He tries to read a book but he cannot concentrate. (We
text: notice that he is now wearing his Star of David.)
scene_heading: INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 67
text: Late night. ELIO is sitting at his desk, wide awake. He has
text: left the bathroom door intentionally ajar, hoping that the
text: light from the foyer might stream in just enough to reveal
text: his body. As ELIO hears OLIVER step onto the landing in the
text: hall, he jumps back in his bed pretending to be asleep.
text: OLIVER walks past Elio’s room without stopping, without even
text: a hesitation, and goes into his own room and shuts the door.
text: A few moments later ELIO hears Oliver open the door from his
text: bedroom into their common bathroom. Then he hears the door
text: into his own room from the bathroom click shut, as if being
text: locked. ELIO sits up in bed.
dialog: 68
dialog: Revision50.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (to himself, under his
dialog: breath)
dialog: Traitor. Traitor!
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN IN FRONT OF THE KITCHEN - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 68
text: The next day. ELIO is the last to arrive. He pretends to
text: ignore OLIVER, who is cracking open the top of his soft-
text: boiled egg. ANNELLA looks at OLIVER in a worried way:
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: Guarda un po’ quanto sei pallido.
dialog: (How gaunt you look!)
text: PERLMAN looks up from his paper.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: I pray to God you made a killing
dialog: last night, otherwise I’1l have to
dialog: answer to your father.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (speaking down into the
dialog: messy egg-cracking
dialog: business)
dialog: I never lose, Pro.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: Does your father approve?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I pay my own way. I’ve paid my way
dialog: since high school. My father
dialog: couldn’t possibly disapprove.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: Did you have a lot to drink last
dialog: night?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (buttering his bread)
dialog: That - and other things.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: I don’t think I want to know.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Neither does my father. And to be
dialog: perfectly frank, I don’t think I
dialog: care to remember myself.
text: ELIO looks up at this.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: Do you save your winnings?
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Save and invest, Pro.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: I wish I’d had your head at your
dialog: age; I would have spared myself
text: many mistaken turns.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Mistaken turns? I can’t picture you
text: even imagining a mistaken turn.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: That’s because you see me as a
dialog: figure, not a human being. Worse
dialog: yet: as an old figure. But there
dialog: were. Mistaken turns, that is.
dialog: Everyone goes through a period of
dialog: traviamento - when we take, say, a
dialog: different turn in life, the other
dialog: via. Dante himself did. Some
text: recover, some pretend to recover,
dialog: some never come back, some chicken
dialog: out before ever starting, and some,
dialog: for fear of taking any turns, find
dialog: themselves leading the wrong life
dialog: all life long.
text: Both young men listen. At the end OLIVER proceeds to crack
text: another egg. He has big bags under his eyes. He does look
text: gaunt.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Sometimes the traviamento turns out
dialog: to be the right way, Pro. Or as
dialog: good a way as any. I know myself.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: (lighting a cigarette, and
dialog: nodding)
dialog: At your age I knew nothing. But
dialog: today everyone knows everything,
text: and everyone talks, talks, talks.
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: Perhaps what Oliver needs is sleep,
dialog: sleep, sleep.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Tonight, I promise, Signora P., No
dialog: poker, no drinking. I’1l put on
dialog: clean clothes, go over my
dialog: manuscript, and after dinner we’1ll
dialog: all watch TV and play canasta, like
dialog: old folks in Little Italy.
text: ANNELLA sighs melodiously, relieved that Perlman’s words have
dialog: convinced him to stay home and rest.
dialog: 69
dialog: 52.
text: She offers Oliver more coffee, tells her seventeen year old
text: son not to slouch in his chair. MAFALDA brings in some
text: apricot juice in a chilled silver pitcher.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN ENTRANCE LAWN - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 69
text: OLIVER is doing some work for Perlman, specify. He seems hard
text: at work and does not look up as ELIO approaches. ELIO doesn’t
text: know how to break the silence. Then he sees and kicks the
text: volleyball lying under the nearby lime trees. The ball hits
text: Oliver “waking him up” from his work.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (despite himself, sounding
dialog: peevish)
dialog: I waited for you last night.
text: Oliver throws back the ball at him.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Why didn’t you come into town?
text: Elio stops the ball.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Dunno.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: We had a nice time. You would have
dialog: too. Did you rest at least? Mafalda
dialog: said you went swimming.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I was okay. Restless, I guess.
text: OLIVER goes back to staring at the page he is writing and
text: mouthing the syllables. Elio kicks the ball again.
speaker_heading: ELIO (CONT’D)
dialog: Are you headed into town this
dialog: morning?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Later, maybe.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I was going to head into town
dialog: myself.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Ummmm. I see.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: A book I ordered finally arrived.
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
dialog: 53.
scene_heading: INT PERLMAN STUDIO - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 70
text: From inside his studio PERLMAN watches the two boys talking
text: on the lawn.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN ENTRANCE LAWN - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY (CONT’D) 71
text: The conversation continues.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I’ll pick it up for you if you
dialog: want.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: It was just that I was hoping we’d
dialog: go together.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: You mean like the other day?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I don’t think we’ll ever do
dialog: anything like that again. But yes,
dialog: like that.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That day belongs to a different
dialog: time warp. We should leave sleeping
dialog: dogs -
text: OLIVER listens, now looking at Elio straight in the face.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: That voice of wisdom is your most
dialog: winning trait. Do you like me that
dialog: much, Elio?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Do I like you? Do I like you,
dialog: Oliver? I worship you.
text: OLIVER’s face softens. He is touched by Elio’s forthright and
dialog: brave avowal.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I’1l go with you but - no speeches.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: No speeches, not a word.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (gathering his things)
dialog: What do you say we grab our bikes
dialog: in half an hour?
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: EXT. SPRINGS - FONTANILI GAVERINE - DAY 72
text: The vital, pure, and joyful sight of a fresh water spring,
text: the unstoppable stream gushing out from earth.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.O.)
text: Two young men travelling by bike,
text: riding into town and back... They
dialog: swam, played volley-ball, ate,
dialog: drank, and late at night ran into
dialog: each other on the very same
dialog: piazzetta where two mornings before
dialog: so much - but actually nothing -
dialog: was said between them. Oliver was
dialog: with a girl, Elio also was with a
dialog: girl. If he hadn't messed things up
dialog: with his dramatics, Elio could have
dialog: enjoyed this for its own sake.
dialog: Every day they could have ridden
dialog: into town and back, and even if
dialog: that was all Oliver was willing to
dialog: give Elio, he would have taken it.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 73
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS OF CREMA - DAY 74
text: ELIO and OLIVER walk their bikes along the streets of Crema.
text: ELIO stops and gives a book to OLIVER, who opens it and reads
dialog: what he has written.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Zwischen Immer und Nie... (For you
text: in silence, somewhere in Italy in
dialog: the mid-eighties). This is the best
dialog: present I’ve received all year.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I’m glad then. I just wanted to...
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: I know - no speeches. Ever.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - FONTANILI GAVERINE - DAY 75
text: On the return ride, ELIO ignores the turn to “his place”, i
text: Fontanili. OLIVER, on the other hand, recognizes it, and as
text: he passes sees the pathway disappearing into the trees.
text: Oliver’s POV of the path.
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTH TERRAZZA - PERLMAN VILLA - SUNSET 76
text: The PERLMANS are sitting having a drink at sundown. They are
text: joined by OLIVER, his hair glistening and slicked back after
text: his late afternoon shower. He makes himself a light drink and
text: eases back into his chair with a sigh of content. His ‘star’
text: look beams all over his features.
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: Our muvi star...
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I’ll miss all this, Mrs. P.
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: And we will certainly miss you.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: You must think of this place as
dialog: your second home - or third, or
dialog: fourth, whatever. But the welcome
dialog: mat will definitely be out
dialog: (to ELIO, who has just
dialog: strolled in).)
dialog: Isn’t that true?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (cautiously)
dialog: Any time...
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: Ennnnnni taaim...
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: How is the work going?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: It’s going.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: Planning to go into town tonight?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Not tonight. Maybe tomorrow.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: No poker either?
text: OLIVER smiles and shakes his head.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 77
text: Later, after dinner. MAFALDA is cleaning up the kitchen.
text: ELIO, restless, comes in and goes to the fridge, scoops up
text: some ice cream into a bowl, and goes outside, eating as he
dialog: walks.
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: 719
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 78
text: ELIO stands in the garden with the bowl of ice cream and
text: looks up at Oliver’s window. There is a faint glow, like that
text: of a desk lamp. A red bathing suit is drying.
text: From inside we hear the sound of the Perlmans’ television.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 719
text: ELIO, restless, uncharacteristically idle, sits down with his
text: parents to watch tv. The news on tv talk about the first
dialog: socialist government presently taking power in Italy, under
text: the guide of Bettino Craxi. ELIO half watches. He lights a
dialog: cigarette.
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: (engrossed)
dialog: Not in here!
text: ELIO gets up and goes into his father’s study, to his desk,
text: at the telephone. He dials Marzia’s number and she answers.
speaker_heading: MARZIA (VOICE)
dialog: (in French, there is a
dialog: flatness of tone)
dialog: Tu es encore malade?
dialog: (Are you still sick?)
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (in French)
dialog: C'était rien. Tu veux sortir ? Je
dialog: peux passer te prendre en vélo, on
dialog: peut aller...
dialog: (It was nothing. Do you want to go
dialog: out? I can come on my bike and pick
dialog: you up. We can go to...)
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: (in French)
dialog: OK, je viens.
dialog: (Yeah. I’11l come.)
speaker_heading: OMITTED 80
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - CREMA - NIGHT 81
text: Elio and Marzia are wheeling their bikes through the town
text: streets. Elio sees a bookstand and asks Marzia to hold his
text: bicycle. We stay with Marzia who sees Elio feverishly browse
text: through the stand. He finds something he likes and buys it.
text: Returns to her and gives her the book.
text: On impulse, ELIO kisses MARZIA behind the ear. She seems to
text: freeze. He kisses her again and whispers:
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Ca t’a dérangé?
dialog: (Did it bother you?)
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: (whispering back, in
dialog: French)
dialog: Bien sir que non.
dialog: (Of course not.)
dialog: 82
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS/PIAZZA PREMOLI - CREMA - NIGHT 83
text: Outside in the street. They converse as they walk in French.
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: Pourquoi tu m’as acheté ce livre?
dialog: (Why did you buy me this book?)
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Parce que j'en avais envie.
dialog: (Because I felt like it.)
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: Oui, mais pourquoi tu l'as acheté
dialog: pour moi?
dialog: Pourquoi m'acheter un livre 4 moi?
dialog: (Yes but why did you buy it for me?
dialog: Why buy me a book?)
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Je comprends pas ta question.
dialog: (I don’t understand what you’re
dialog: asking.)
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: N’importe qui comprendrait pourquoi
dialog: et toi tu ne comprends pas!
dialog: (An idiot would understand why I’m
dialog: asking but you don’t.)
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Je te suis toujours pas.
dialog: (I still don’t follow.)
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: Tu es désespérant.
dialog: (You’ re hopeless.)
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Si tu ne me le dis pas, je vais
dialog: imaginer des choses...
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: ELIO (CONT'D)
dialog: (If you don’t tell me, I’11 imagine
dialog: all sort of things...)
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: Sei un coglione. (Tu n'es qu'un
dialog: crétin) Donne-moi une cigarette.
dialog: (Give me a cigarette.)
text: They are walking very slowly, wheeling their bikes. There are
text: frequent bursts of sound from behind shuttered windows: TVs,
text: family arguments, music.
speaker_heading: MARZIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Tu lis vraiment autant que ¢a ?
dialog: Je veux direi: moi aussi,
dialog: j'aime lire, mais je ne le dis a
dialog: personne. (Do you really read that
dialog: much? Don’t get me wrong. I like to
dialog: read, too. But I don’t tell
dialog: anyone.)
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Pourquoi tu ne le dis pas?
dialog: (Why don’t you tell anyone?)
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: Je ne sais pas... Les gens qui
dialog: lisent sont cachottiers. Ils
dialog: cachent ce qu'ils sont vraiment.
dialog: Les gens qui cachent n'aiment pas
dialog: toujours ce qu'ils sont.
dialog: (I don’t know.. People who read are
text: hiders. They hide who they are.
dialog: People who hide don’t always like
dialog: who they are.)
text: They wheel their bikes in the direction of Piazza Premoli, a
text: beautiful town square dominated by a marvellous 18th century
dialog: palazzo.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Tu caches qui tu es vraiment?
dialog: (Do you hide who you are?)
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: Parfois. Pas toi?
dialog: (Sometimes. Don’t you?)
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Si, sarement. Tu le fais avec moi
dialog: aussi?
dialog: (I suppose. Do you hide from me?)
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: Non, pas avec toi. Ou si, peut-
dialog: étre, un petit peu.
dialog: (No, not from you. Or maybe, yes, a
dialog: bit.)
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Comment ca?
dialog: (Like what?)
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: Tu sais trés bien ce que je veux
dialog: dire.
dialog: (You know exactly like what.)
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Pourquoi tu dis ca?
dialog: (Why do you say that?)
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: Pourquoi? Parce que je pense
dialog: que tu peux me faire souffrir
dialog: et que je ne veux pas souffrir.
dialog: (Why? Because I think you can hurt
dialog: me and I don’t want to be hurt.)
text: She thinks for a moment.
speaker_heading: MARZIA (CONT’D) Pas
dialog: parce que tu cherches 4 blesser,
dialog: mais parce que tu changes toujours
dialog: d'avis, alors, on ne sait donc
dialog: jamais a quoi s'en tenir. Tu
dialog: m'effraies. (Not that you mean to
dialog: hurt anyone, but because you’ re
dialog: always changing your mind, so no
dialog: one knows where to find you. You
dialog: scare me.)
text: ELIO leans over in one of their pauses and kisses MARZIA
text: lightly on the lips. She stops by the gate of Palazzo
dialog: Premoli.
speaker_heading: MARZIA (CONT’ D)
dialog: Tu m'embrasses encore?
dialog: (Kiss me again?)
text: Once they are close, he holds her face with both hands and
text: leans into her as they begin to kiss, his hand going up under
text: her shirt, hers goes in his hair. They enter the Palazzo
text: courtyard and enter a dimly lit corner. Her hips respond to
dialog: his, without inhibition. There is nothing between their
text: bodies but their clothes. She slips a hand between them and
text: down into his trousers.
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: MARZIA (CONT’D)
dialog: (in a surprised tone)
dialog: Comme tu es dur!
dialog: (You’ re so hard.)
text: He tries to speak, tells her “You’re making me harder” - but
text: she cuts him off.
speaker_heading: MARZIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Embrasse-moi encore.
dialog: (Kiss me again.)
text: He does so.
speaker_heading: MARZIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Ma tu mi vuoi veramente bene? (Tu
dialog: tiens vraiment a moi?) (Do you
dialog: really care for me?)
text: She is frank, human, vulnerable, eager to confide. She keeps
text: her hand down in his pants as they kiss more passionately,
text: and his hands stray all over her body.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - NIGHT 84
text: A deserted spot on the river, later. MARZIA and ELIO make
text: love on the grass. He pulls out just in time and ejaculates
text: on her belly. They burst out laughing.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Je suis désolé! Je suis désolé!
dialog: (I’m sorry! I’m sorry...)
scene_heading: INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - DAWN 85
text: Later. It is now dawn. ELIO is in his room sitting naked at
text: his desk. His small lamp is on. He takes up a school notebook
text: and tears out a page. He begins writing the note to Oliver:
dialog: Please don’t avoid me.
text: He crumples that up.
dialog: Please don’t avoid me. It kills me.
text: He crumples that up too, and writes:
dialog: Your silence is killing me.
text: He says to himself, out loud,
speaker_heading: ELIO
text: Way over the top.
dialog: He writes:
dialog: 86
dialog: 61.
dialog: Can’t stand thinking you hate me.
text: He tears that up too, and tries again:
dialog: I’d sooner die than know you hate
dialog: me.
text: He laughs, tears that one up, and writes once more:
dialog: Can’t stand the silence. I need to
dialog: speak to you.
text: He reads this, liking it. He lifts his right hand to his
text: face, smells his fingertips, his palm, then his other hand
dialog: liking that too.
text: ELIO gets up, folds the last note, and slips it under the
text: door that separates his room from Oliver’s.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN IN FRONT OF THE KITCHEN - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 86
text: Breakfast. PROFESSOR PERLMAN sits behind his newspaper, while
text: a very sleepy ELIO cracks his egg.
text: OLIVER walks in, sits down, and without looking at ELIO,
dialog: says:
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Did you enjoy yourself last night?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Insomma (so-so).
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: (from behind his paper)
dialog: Must be tired then. Or were you
dialog: playing poker too?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (busy with his egg)
dialog: I don’t play poker.
text: PERLMAN and OLIVER exchange glances.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: Several hundred color slides of our
dialog: boxer and the others like him
dialog: arrived yesterday from Berlin. We
dialog: should start cataloging them. That
dialog: will keep us busy until lunch I
dialog: imagine.
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: Revisioné2.
scene_heading: INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 87
text: ELIO enters his room. He sees the folded note he wrote to
text: Oliver lying on his desk and opens it. Oliver has added:
dialog: Grow up. I’11 see you at midnight.
text: ELIO feels weak-kneed and has to sit down on his bed. He
text: kisses the slip of paper, then holds it against his heart.
text: Then he looks at the time on his watch: 10:30 AM.
scene_heading: INT. PROFESSOR PERLMAN’S STUDY - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 88
text: OLIVER and PROFESSOR PERLMAN project images of classical
text: athletes in his study. On the screen is a close-up detail of
text: a bronze navel in an impressively muscled stomach. There are
text: several of these, and PERLMAN points out stylistic
dialog: differences:
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: (pointing at the images)
dialog: Beautiful aren’t they?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: They’re amazing. But these are far
dialog: more... sensual.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: Because these are more Hellenistic
dialog: than fifth-century Athenian, most
text: likely sculpted under the influence
dialog: of the greatest sculptor in
dialog: antiquity: Praxiteles. Their
text: muscles are firm- look at his
dialog: stomach for example- and yet never
text: a straight body in these statues,
dialog: they are all curves, sometimes
text: impossibly curved and so
text: nonchalant, hence their ageless
dialog: ambiguity. As if they’re daring you
dialog: to desire them.
text: OLIVER, not unmoved by these images, grins, pats his own
text: belly and sucks in.
scene_heading: EXT. TABLE UNDER THE LIME TREES - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 89
text: At the lunch table. A clock strikes two. Lunch is over and
text: everyone folds his napkin and pushes back their chairs.
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: And don’t forget Mr. Keller and Mr.
dialog: Hodell are coming for dinner
dialog: tonight.
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (to Oliver)
dialog: Otherwise known as Laurel and
dialog: Hardy.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: (gently admonishing)
dialog: Okay...
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: I want you to wear the shirt they
dialog: gave you for your birthday. It
dialog: will make them happy.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: It’s way too big on me. It looks
dialog: ridiculous.
text: Elio turning to OLIVER to bring him into the conversation and
dialog: to test his mood.
speaker_heading: ELIO (CONT’D)
dialog: See if Oliver doesn’t think I look
text: like a scarecrow in it. I’11 model
dialog: it for you.
dialog: But OLIVER is non-committal and won’t be drawn into the
dialog: decision.
text: ELIO can’t help glancing at his wrist watch, but attempts to
text: hide the gesture from OLIVER by reaching out for an uneaten
text: cookie on a plate just as MAFALDA is removing it. Then, to
speaker_heading: tease ELIO:
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: What's the time?
text: Oliver reaches for Elio’s wrist, But Elio pulls away and runs
text: up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 90
text: MAFALDA is cleaning up after lunch. OLIVER comes in.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (in his halting Italian)
dialog: Mafalda, non sar6 con voi a cena
dialog: stasera. (I won’t be home for
dialog: dinner this evening).
scene_heading: EXT. ABBEVERATOIO - PERLMAN VILLA - AFTERNOON 91
text: By the abbeveratoio. ELIO is asleep, his face resting on his
text: hand. MARZIA arrives on her bike just as OLIVER leaves on
text: his. They pause in the road to say hello. MARZIA continues
text: towards the house and approaches the sleeping ELIO.
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 64.
text: She plants a light kiss on his forehead, waking him up. He
text: darts a look at his watch: three fifty-five.
text: Later. MARZIA and ELIO are in the abbeveratoio. She slips her
text: hand inside his bathing suit and takes hold of him like she
dialog: did in the street the night before.
speaker_heading: MARZIA (IN FRENCH)
dialog: Tu ne bandes pas.
dialog: (You aren’t hard.)
speaker_heading: ELIO (IN FRENCH)
dialog: Ne fais pas ca ici.
dialog: (Don’t do that here.)
speaker_heading: MARZIA (IN FRENCH)
dialog: Montons dans ta chambre.
dialog: (Let’s go up to your room.)
speaker_heading: ELIO (IN FRENCH)
dialog: J'ai une meilleure idée.
dialog: (I have a better idea.)
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - PERLMAN VILLA - AFTERNOON 92
text: ELIO and MARZIA, in their swimsuits, run through the kitchen.
text: Elio holds her hand, almost dragging her. They haven't dried
text: up, and are wetting the floor as they go.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE/CORRIDOR (1ST FLOOR) - PERLMAN VILLA - 93
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
text: ELIO and MARZIA go up the stairs that take to the upper floor
dialog: of the building.
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: (riant)
dialog: On va ou???
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: (Where are we going???)
text: They enter a small door on the left end of the corridor.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL SPIRAL STAIRCASE - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 94
text: A small and narrow spiral staircase. ELIO jogs up the steps
speaker_heading: with MARZIA.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - PERLMAN VILLA - AFTERNOON 95
text: ELIO and MARZIA enter the attic, it is filled with old
text: furniture, books, and other unused stuff.
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 65.
text: Elio moves a mattress that was leaning on the wall and lays
text: it on the ground. They pull off their bathing suits and lie
text: on the mattress, ELIO on top. He takes off his watch, places
text: it on a bed-side table, where he can see it. It is 4:29.
text: The windows are open, but the shutters are half closed. The
text: subdued afternoon light draws slatted patterns on the bed, on
text: the wall, on MARZIA and ELIO making love.
scene_heading: EXT. PERLMAN VILLA - LATE AFTERNOON 96
text: MARZIA leaves just before dinner time. ELIO comes down with
text: her as the evening guests pull up in their car: a GAY COUPLE
text: one tall and thin, the other short and rotund. Both are
text: professors on holiday, and both are wearing purple shirts.
text: Each carries a bouquet of white flowers which they present to
text: ANNELLA. ELIO introduces them to MARZIA. They speak terrible
text: Italian, one starting a sentence loaded with compliments, the
text: other having to finish it. ELIO leads them into the house as
text: MARZIA bikes off.
scene_heading: INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - EVENING 97
text: ELIO finds his father in his room going through all his son’s
text: shirts hanging in the closet in order to pick out the
text: unwanted present. He hands it to ELIO, who groans.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I can’t put it on now! They’ve
dialog: already met me. It will look like a
dialog: put-up job.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: (in a very amused tone)
dialog: No misbehaving tonight. When I tell
dialog: you to play, then play! You’re too
dialog: old not to accept people as they
dialog: are. What’s wrong with them? I
dialog: don’t think it’s very attractive of
dialog: you to call them ‘Laurel and Hardy’
text: behind their backs...
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Mom called them that.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: ...and then accept gifts from them.
dialog: Is it because they’re gay or
dialog: because they’re ridiculous? Is that
dialog: it? I hope not. And if you know as
dialog: much about economics when you’ re
dialog: Zafar’s age you’1l be a very wise
dialog: man indeed and a credit to me. Now
dialog: get into this.
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 66.
text: The shirt isn’t so bad: a loose Hawaiian one with big white
text: flowers on a black background. ELIO changes into it.
scene_heading: EXT. TABLE UNDER THE LIME TREES - PERLMAN VILLA - EVENING 98
text: ELIO bounds into the living room, where PERLMAN is serving
text: LAUREL and HARDY champagne, making something of an entrance.
text: They rise and salute him with their glasses, exclaiming and
text: exchanging delighted glances as their host’s beautiful son
text: descends in their midst wearing the shirt they had given him.
text: PERLMAN and ANNELLA look at ELIO for a moment, as if seeing
text: him anew, then pour out a glass of champagne for him. On the
text: table in front of them are a number of big black and white
text: photographs of the bronze Boxer being pulled up out of the
dialog: water.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - LATER 99
text: ELIO is playing the piano. For his final selection, he has
text: chosen a piece by Poulenc. The others listen almost
text: reverently. His wristwatch is on the piano.
text: As he is concluding, OLIVER comes in from outside and makes
text: his way towards the stairs. The others turn as he passes. He
dialog: smiles in greeting, and makes “I don’t want to disturb you”
text: motions with his hands before disappearing. ELIO is
text: unperturbed. The sudden appearance of OLIVER may inject a
text: dash of fire to the final - if wee-bit hurried - notes.
text: ELIO stands up as his audience applauds and makes a little
dialog: bow.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (nodding in appreciation)
dialog: I’m afraid I have to go to bed now.
text: He shakes hands with the guests, thanks them anew for his
text: shirt, kisses his mother, and runs up the stairs. The big
text: clock shows almost eleven.
scene_heading: INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 100
text: Later still. ELIO sits at his desk. He has taken off the
text: Hawaiian shirt and is now wearing a T-shirt. He smokes a
text: cigarette while he writes in his journal. We see his pen
text: forming his thoughts.
text: ELIO breaks off to listen for sounds coming from Oliver’s
text: room. Dead silence. His watch says a quarter to twelve.
text: Barefoot, he gets closer to the door that separates the two
text: rooms. He looks through the cracks but sees no light. He
text: returns to his post.
text: He glimpses himself in the mirror and says to his reflection:
dialog: “Do I know you?”.
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 67.
text: He turns his face from side to side to catch different
text: lights. He goes at the bathroom door to listen, but there are
text: no sounds from inside.
scene_heading: INT. OLIVER’S ROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 101
text: OLIVER is lying fully dressed on his bed, in the dark,
text: smoking a cigarette. A half-full ashtray is resting on the
text: pillow next to him. His espadrilles lie on the floor where he
text: kicked them off. Oliver’s expression is enigmatic compared to
text: Elio’s, calmness itself. He hears Elio run the tap in their
text: adjoining bathroom and looks up.
scene_heading: INT. ELIO’S AND OLIVER’S BATHROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 102
text: In the bathroom ELIO pees. He’s careful not to make any noise
text: and aims high. He says softly, looking down at his penis, “Do
text: I know you?” He flushes the toilet and turns off the tap.
scene_heading: INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 103
text: When ELIO emerges from the bathroom he hears voices coming up
text: from below as the guests are leaving. He reaches the window
text: and looks down at “Laurel and Hardy” who stand by the car
text: saying their goodbyes and laughing affectionately. The two
text: men get into their car, the PERLMANS waving as it drives
dialog: away.
text: Right in that moment ELIO rises his gaze and sees OLIVER on
text: the balcony above the main entrance.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR/EXT. BALCONY - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 104
text: ELIO runs into the corridor and reaches the balcony where
text: OLIVER is smoking.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I’m glad you came. I could hear you
dialog: moving in your room and for a while
dialog: I thought you were getting ready to
dialog: go to bed, had changed your mind.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Change my mind? Of course I was
dialog: coming.
text: ELIO steps close to the ledge.
speaker_heading: ELIO (CONT’D)
dialog: So you do smoke?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Sometimes.
dialog: 105
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (not knowing what else to
dialog: say)
dialog: I’m nervous.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I am more so.
scene_heading: INT. OLIVER’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 105
text: OLIVER sits on the bed, his legs crossed, looking smaller,
text: younger. ELIO stands awkwardly at the foot of the bed, not
text: knowing what to do with his hands. He keeps putting them in
text: his pockets, then taking them out again.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (placing the full ashtray
dialog: onto the floor)
dialog: Come, sit.
text: Hestitating, ELIO crawls onto the bed and sits facing him,
text: cross-legged like Oliver, making sure their knees don’t
text: touch. Needing suddenly to shed his shyness and inhibitions,
text: ELIO decides he has to lean against something and slides up
text: to the top of the bed, resting his back against the headboard
text: beside OLIVER.
text: ELIO looks down at the bed and at the two of them side by
dialog: side on it, a moment he has dreamed of. Now here we are, he
text: thinks, hardly able to believe it. As if to highlight that
text: moment, OLIVER stretches his legs out, his bare feet next to
speaker_heading: ELIO’s own.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Me okay.
text: With his toes, ELIO reaches over to Oliver’s toes and touches
text: them. He slips his big toe in between Oliver’s big toe and
text: his second toe. OLIVER does not respond. Since he is sitting
dialog: on Oliver’s left he figures these are not the toes that
dialog: touched him at lunch the other day. It was his right foot
text: that was guilty, so ELIO tries to reach it with his own right
text: foot, in a kind of desperately playful mood.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Nothing.
dialog: 69.
text: Somewhat absentmindedly, awkwardly and without conviction,
text: OLIVER reciprocates the movement, seeking out Elio’s other
text: foot. ELIO moves closer to OLIVER, then hugs him. A kind of
text: child’s hug, which OLIVER responds to only by saying, half-
dialog: humorously:
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: That’s a start.
text: ELIO shrugs, not wanting to speak.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: Does this make you happy? You
dialog: aren’t going to have a nosebleed
dialog: are you?
text: It does, and ELIO nods yes, then no. Finally, OLIVER brings
text: his arm around ELIO. He doesn’t stroke him, doesn’t hold him
text: tight. ELIO loosens his own hold for a moment, giving him
text: time enough to bring both his hands, seeking skin, under
text: Oliver’s loose shirt and resume his embrace.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: You sure you want this?
text: ELIO nods again, Yes.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: We haven’t talked.
text: ELIO shrugs his shoulders, meaning "No need to."
text: OLIVER lifts Elio’s face with both hands and stares at him
text: the way he did on the cliff, even more intensely.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: Can I kiss you?
text: Then he suddenly pulls back, as if he might laugh, and runs
text: his fingers through Elio’s hair, messing it up.
text: ELIO brings his mouth to Oliver’s in a fiercely eager kiss.
text: Something seems to clear away between them, and both abandon
text: themselves to the kiss. ELIO hungrily kisses Oliver’s closed
text: eyes, his nose, his ears, his throat, discovering them with
text: his lips. OLIVER kisses him back as eagerly, even roughly.
text: ELIO gets under the covers. There are some things lying on
text: the bed that hadn’t been removed - a book, some magazines, a
text: pack of cigarettes, and ELIO slips a foot under them as if
text: they weren’t there; they all fall onto the floor.
text: OLIVER gets under the covers too and starts to undress ELIO.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: (whispering)
text: Off, and off, and off, and off...
dialog: (tossing them away
dialog: 70.
text: ELIO is soon naked and lies back under the sheet in a kind of
text: ecstasy as OLIVER moves his hands over his body, as
text: inquisitive as Marzia’s had been the night before in the
text: street. When OLIVER pulls the sheet back, ELIO loves being
text: naked before him. No secrets. OLIVER kisses him, kisses his
text: body, takes his penis (off-screen) briefly in his mouth, then
text: returns to kiss Elio’s open lips again more deeply, as if he
text: too is finally letting go. OLIVER is also naked, and not a
text: part of him isn’t touching ELIO now. They stare at each
dialog: other.
text: ELIO looks away, because OLIVER is staring at him. Then he
text: looks back, and now stares at OLIVER, as they settle into a
text: mock wrestling position with Oliver’s shoulders rubbing
text: Elio’s knees. ELIO looks into Oliver’s eyes in an intensity
dialog: of love and expectation, wanting this moment to last forever,
dialog: knowing there will be no coming back from this.
text: When it happens - when OLIVER enters ELIO - there is a degree
text: of pain and discomfort. ELIO flinches and fights an impulse
text: to stop him, which OLIVER sees.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: You’ re okay?
text: An eternity seems to pass between Elio’s reluctance to make
text: up his mind and Oliver’s instinct to make it up for him.
text: They fuck. Bodies are entangled. Elio is flushed, turning
text: from side to side as he alternates obscenities with Oliver’s
text: name; Oliver’s face is more implacable, his lips softly
text: repeating what ELIO says, until he bends forward to say to
dialog: him:
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: Call me by your name and I’11 call
dialog: you by mine.
text: They continue their rhythm, taking ELIO in a realm he has
text: never known before, and murmuring his own name as if it were
text: Oliver’s: Elio... Elio... Elio. The Star of David bounces on
text: Oliver’s chest.
speaker_heading: A LITTLE LATER
text: OLIVER pulls out and says to ELIO (Oliver) that he is going
text: to come. ELIO watches the formidably discreet, formidably
text: cool OLIVER make faces and peak before his very eyes. When he
text: comes, it’s all over Elio’s chest, saying “I want to! I want
text: to!”. It is a shock at first when OLIVER spreads his semen
text: out with the palm of his hand over Elio’s stomach and chest.
text: OLIVER, still straddling ELIO, picks up his billowy blue
text: shirt from the floor and cleans him with it.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Did we make noise?
dialog: 106
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Nothing to worry about.
speaker_heading: ELIO
text: Mafalda always looks for signs.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: She won’t find any.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: You wore that shirt on your first
dialog: day here. Will you let me have it,
dialog: leave it here when you go?
text: OLIVER doesn’t answer and tosses the shirt aside. He takes
text: ELIO in his arms, looks down into his face. He smooths out
text: Elio’s hair with his hand. ELIO is falling asleep. OLIVER
text: continues to hold him.
scene_heading: INT. OLIVER’S ROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - DAWN 106
text: Dawn. Light is coming in. OLIVER is still cradling ELIO in
text: his arms but has shifted to a more comfortable position for
text: them both. ELIO opens his eyes, sees OLIVER looking down at
text: him but instead of smiling or lifting his face to be kissed,
text: he closes his eyes again, as if blotting OLIVER, the bed, the
text: room, and all that has happened out. He tries to sit up,
text: stretches his limbs, and pulls the sheet over his nakedness.
text: OLIVER stares at him, as if to register Elio’s morning after
dialog: emotions.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: You're not happy. You’re feeling
dialog: sick about it, aren’t you?
text: ELIO shrugs the comment away not wanting Oliver looking into
dialog: his heart.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: I knew we shouldn’t have. I knew
dialog: it. We should have talked.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (stung, “maybe” isn’t the
dialog: word he wanted to hear
dialog: Did you hate it?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: No, I didn’t hate it at all.
text: ELIO stays put on Oliver’s bed out of an exaggerated sense of
text: courtesy. Relenting, he smiles back at OLIVER for the first
text: time, though he wishes at that moment for OLIVER to be miles
dialog: away.
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: You can go back to sleep, if you
dialog: want.
text: ELIO reaches up and hugs him, then closes his eyes. OLIVER
text: continues to study his face, his own expression one of
text: uncertainty. With his eyes still shut, ELIO says, “You’re
text: staring at me.” But at once he opens them again and sits up,
text: brushing Oliver’s hand away, and rises gingerly from the bed.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Let’s go swimming.
scene_heading: INT. BOCCHIRALE - PERLMAN VILLA - DAWN 107
text: In the dim light of dawn, OLIVER and ELIO leave the villa on
dialog: bikes.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - FIRST LIGHT OF DAY 108
text: At the river, OLIVER walks knee-deep in the water with the
text: blue shirt on, then dives in and swims away. Elio is swimming
text: 200 meters away, from a distance they look like two complete
dialog: strangers.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - DAY 109
text: ELIO and OLIVER walk towards their bikes.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Are you going to hold last night
dialog: against me?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: No.
dialog: He said this too swiftly to sound convincing.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRS/ELIO’S ROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 110
text: Back at the villa. There are some sounds from the kitchen but
text: OLIVER and ELIO succeed to get back home without being seen.
text: They reach their respective doors and, while ELIO is going
text: in, OLIVER hesitates before going through his and steps into
text: Elio’s room instead. ELIO is taken by surprise. OLIVER shuts
dialog: the door.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Take your trunks off.
text: Surprised, ELIO, who doesn’t have it in him at this moment to
text: disagree, lowers them and gets out of them. He feels awkward.
dialog: 111
dialog: 112
dialog: Revision73.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: Sit down.
text: ELIO does, and almost before he’s settled, OLIVER brings his
text: mouth to Elio’s penis and takes it all in (off-screen) .
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: (with a wry smile)
dialog: Well, this is promising. You’re
dialog: hard again. Good.
text: He jumps up and goes out in an instant. ELIO lifts himself
text: out of the low chair carefully and pulls on his pajama
text: bottoms. Then he throws himself across his bed.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN IN FRONT OF THE KITCHEN - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 111
text: Breakfast. The PERLMANS, MAFALDA coming in and out from the
dialog: kitchen, ELIO.
text: Then OLIVER comes in and sits next to him. When no one is
text: looking, OLIVER slips his smooth foot under Elio’s, as if
text: snuggling it there, instead of placing it on top as he always
text: had before. Calmly, he focuses on his soft-boiled egg. They
dialog: eat breakfast.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I’m going to town, I have to
dialog: collect my typed up pages. Later
dialog: I'd like to show them to you,
dialog: Professor.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: (imitating Oliver)
dialog: Later.
text: Everyone laughs, Oliver also is amused.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN (CONT’ D)
dialog: Before you leave we'll certainly
dialog: find the time to go over these
dialog: revisions.
text: The thought of Oliver's departure marks a shadow on Elio's
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: So.. Later!
text: More laughing. OLIVER leaves the table and walks away. ELIO
text: stands and follows, as his parents look at him.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN ENTRANCE - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 112
text: ELIO pulls his bike out and at the gate, a bit gingerly, sits
text: on it. It hurts, but he goes after Oliver.
dialog: 113
dialog: 74,
scene_heading: EXT. PIAZZA DUOMO - CREMA - DAY 113
text: The central square with Crema's Duomo. ELIO sees OLIVER at
text: the newstand, sitting on his bike and scanning the headlines
text: of the International Herald Tribune, before heading in the
text: direction of the post office. ELIO rushes up to him.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Something wrong?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I just had to see you.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Aren’t you sick of me?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I just wanted to be with you.
dialog: If you want, I’11 go back now.
text: OLIVER stands still, dropping his hand with the bundle of
text: unsent letters, and simply stands there staring at ELIO,
text: shaking his head.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Do you have any idea how glad I am
dialog: we slept together?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: It’s just like you not to know. I
dialog: don’t want you to regret any of it.
dialog: I just dread the thought of having
dialog: messed you up. I don’t want either
dialog: of us to have to pay one way or
dialog: another.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I’m not telling anyone. There won’t
dialog: be any trouble.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I didn’t mean that. I’m sure I’11l
dialog: pay for it somehow, though. For
dialog: you, however you think of it, it’s
dialog: still fun and games, which it
dialog: should be. For me it’s something
dialog: else which I haven’t figured out,
dialog: and the fact that I can’t scares
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Are you sorry I came here?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I’d kiss you if I could.
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (coming up close to
dialog: Oliver)
dialog: Fuck me, Elio.
text: OLIVER repeats his own name three times in Elio’s ear.
scene_heading: LIFE IN THE GARDEN
text: A second unit series of shots of life in the garden.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - PERLMAN VILLA - EARLY AFTERNOON 114
text: MAFALDA is washing dishes in the kitchen. She clears away the
text: dessert plates from lunch with their fruit peelings. ANCHISE
text: enters the room with a basket full of huge, glowing,
text: succulent-looking peaches.
speaker_heading: MAFALDA
dialog: (in Italian)
dialog: Put them over there.
text: MAFALDA points to the fruit bowl at the center of the table.
text: ELIO enters the kitchen from the outside, with a book in his
text: hands and a towel on his shoulders. His eyes fall on the
text: freshly picked fruit. He picks out two and leaves the room.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE - PERLMAN VILLA - EARLY AFTERNOON 115
text: On the stairs he meets ANNELLA on her way up to nap and
text: kisses her. She looks pleased by this unexpected show of
text: affection from her teenage son. He eats a peach.
scene_heading: INT. ATTIC - PERLMAN VILLA - EARLY AFTERNOON 116
text: ELIO enters the attic. Puts the remaining peach on the old
text: bedside table and lies down on the mattress where he made
text: love with Marzia. He opens his book and starts reading but,
text: easily distracted, starts looking outside the window at the
text: glorious summer sky.
text: He tries reading again, but still no chance. His gaze scans
text: the room, the abandoned objects, the dark corners... the
dialog: peaches.
text: He stretches out his hand to one and plays with it. He turns
text: its crease towards him. Then opens it half-way with his
text: thumbs and pushes the pit out. The pit falls on the attic
text: floor. He brings the fuzzy, blush-colored peach to his groin
text: and lowers his swim trunks. He presses himself into it until
text: the parted fruit slides down his erection. The fruit is
text: leaking on him. Though firm, it breaks apart.
dialog: 76.
text: Holding the two halves of the reddened core in either hand,
text: he begins to rub himself with them.
text: When his orgasm comes, very soon, he carefully aims the
text: spurts into the open peach. “What a crazy thing this was!” he
text: thinks, as he holds the fruit in both hands and looks around.
text: He places the two halves of the raped peach on the bedside
text: table and covers himself with the towel.
text: Later. Elio wakes to the sound of someone entering the attic.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I was looking everywhere for you...
dialog: What are you doing up here?
text: OLIVER sits next to him on the mattress. He starts kissing
text: him on one arm. He removes the towel to reveal, to his
text: surprise, that Elio is not wearing his swimsuit. He then
text: swiftly leans down bringing his lips to Elio's groin, but
text: after a moment he looks up with a questioning expression.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: What have you done?
text: OLIVER looks at the broken peach beside them. He picks it up.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: (holding it out)
dialog: Is this what I think it is?
text: ELIO nods in mock shame.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: You tried out the plant kingdom?
dialog: Next will be minerals? You’re
dialog: rejecting the animal kingdom
dialog: already? That would be me, I
dialog: suppose.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I’m sick, aren’t I?
text: Oliver pulls off his bathing suit.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I wish everyone were as sick as
dialog: you. Want to see sick?
text: He peers into the peach for a moment, ELIO pretends to hide
text: his eyes.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: Now may I taste it?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Don’t!
dialog: 77.
text: But OLIVER dips a finger into the core of the peach and
text: brings it to his mouth.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: The peach juice helps a lot.
dialog: (offering it)
dialog: Want to try it?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (reaching for Oliver’s
dialog: hand holding the peach)
dialog: Let it go! No!
text: OLIVER holds it farther away.
speaker_heading: ELIO (CONT’D)
dialog: Look, you don’t have to do this.
dialog: I’m the one who came after you.
dialog: Everything that’s happened is
dialog: because of me -
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (still holding the peach
speaker_heading: away from ELIO)
dialog: Nonsense. I wanted you from day
dialog: one. I just hid it better.
text: ELIO lunges out again to grab the fruit from Oliver’s hand,
text: but with his other hand OLIVER catches hold of his wrist and
dialog: squeezes it hard.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: You're hurting me.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Then let go.
text: ELIO reaches out to him, bursting into tears. He muffles his
text: sobs against Oliver’s bare shoulder. Then OLIVER holds him
dialog: close.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: (as if soothing a child)
dialog: Whatever happens between us, Elio,
dialog: I just want you to know..
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (taking hold of Elio’s
dialog: hand)
dialog: Don’t ever say you didn’t know.
text: They kiss as lovers committing themselves.
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. HUT - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 117
text: The same night. The Perlman house is mostly dark, the window
text: shutters all closed. There is a little light out in the hut
text: next to the garage, where Anchise sleeps. We see him through
text: the window, sitting at a table working on something. He has
text: taken some tool apart and is cleaning the pieces, filing an
text: edge of metal and so forth.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 118
text: Through another lit window, in Mafalda’s part of the house,
text: we can see MAFALDA ironing. She is carefully pressing the
text: sleeve of Oliver’s blue shirt.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN - PERLMAN VILLA -NIGHT 119
text: The garden of the villa in the darkness, alluring and
text: enigmatic.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: What are you thinking about?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Things. Going back to the States.
dialog: The courses I have to teach this
dialog: fall. My book. You.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: No one else?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: No one else.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: In two weeks you’11 be back at
dialog: Columbia. I don’t know what I’11 do
dialog: then. At least you’1l be somewhere
dialog: else, where there aren’t any
dialog: memories... We wasted so many days —
dialog: so many weeks.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Wasted? I don’t know.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: ...why didn’t you give me a sign?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I did. At least I tried.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: When?
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: Revision79.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Once, when we were playing
dialog: volleyball, I touched you... Just
dialog: as a way of showing... I liked you.
dialog: The way you reacted made me feel
dialog: I’d almost molested you. I decided
dialog: to keep my distance.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 120
text: From the open window of their bedroom the Perlmans can hear
text: Elio and Oliver talking. Not the words. But the tone of the
text: conversation is undeniably intimate.
text: ANNELLA is on a small sofa. PERLMAN is already in bed, they
text: look at each other for a long moment. The off-screen voices
text: are almost whispers, they continue. PERLMAN stands, moves a
text: sofa chair to be closer to his wife, then sits on it. He
text: takes her hand and kisses it.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: Elio e Oliver si sono proprio
dialog: trovati. (Elio and Oliver have
dialog: grown quite fond of each other)
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: Si, hanno una bella amicizia. (Yes.
dialog: They have a beautiful friendship)
speaker_heading: . PERLMAN
dialog: E un peccato che parta.. (It’s a
dialog: shame he’s leaving)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Sta tornando il fresco. (The nights
dialog: are getting cool again)
text: ANNELLA smiles at her husband. Aroused, he reaches over for
text: Annella to pull her toward him.
scene_heading: INT. ELIO’S BEDROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 121
text: Next day. Oliver’s blue shirt is on a hanger, all clean and
dialog: pressed by Mafalda, with an attached note: “For Oliver, from
text: Elio.” Elio strips off the shirt he’s wearing and puts on the
text: fresh one from Oliver. He looks at himself approvingly in the
text: mirror after buttoning it up, then says to his image: “I do
text: know you, and you’re not so bad.” He unbuttons the top couple
text: of buttons in order to acquire Oliver’s more laid-back look.
scene_heading: EXT. GARDEN IN FRONT OF THE KITCHEN - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 122
text: ELIO wears the shirt down to breakfast. No one comments on
text: it, including OLIVER, who puts his bare foot under Elio’s
text: when he takes a seat.
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 80.
text: MAFALDA puts an egg down in front of OLIVER, but before she
text: can prepare it for him ELIO takes it and expertly cracks the
text: top for him with his spoon.
text: PERLMAN observes his son’s protective concern that no speck
text: of the shell should fall into Oliver’s egg.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Americans never know how to do it.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: I’m sure we have our way.
text: Oliver’s foot under the table resting on Elio’s signals that
text: maybe he should let it go and he seizes the second egg,
dialog: cracking it himself.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE - PERLMAN VILLA - DAY 123
text: Later. ELIO runs down the stairs wearing a bathing suit and
text: OLIVER’s blue shirt, carrying a towel.
text: The front door opens and MARZIA walks in. She looks at him
text: questioningly. ELIO would like her not to be there.
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: (in French)
dialog: Tu as disparu pendant trois jours.
dialog: (You've been gone three days.)
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I.. had to work.
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: (in French)
dialog: Mais tu as disparu...
dialog: (But you disappeared.)
text: Elio doesn’t know what to say, or do.
speaker_heading: MARZIA (CONT’D)
dialog: Am I your girl?
dialog: (Est-ce que je suis ta copine?
text: Elio doesn't reply. MARZIA leaves, trying to keep from
dialog: crying.
scene_heading: EXT. ABBEVERATOIO - PERLMAN VILLA - AFTERNOON 124
text: By the pool. PERLMAN and ANNELLA sit at a table in their
text: bathing suits having a drink. ELIO and OLIVER sit on the edge
text: of the pool at the other end, their feet in the water.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I hurt her feelings. Love hurts.
dialog: 125
dialog: Revision81.
text: OLIVER, thinking they are unobserved by the others, caresses
text: Elio’s foot next to his in the water with one of his own.
text: Perlman sees this from where he is sitting with ANNELLA, and
text: nods to her in the boys’ direction. She looks over towards
speaker_heading: OLIVER and ELIO.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: Oliver told me he has to go to
dialog: Bergamo for a couple of days to do
dialog: some research at the university
dialog: there before he leaves. He would
dialog: then fly home directly from Linate
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: Oh... maybe Elio could go with him?
dialog: It would be nice for them to get
dialog: away for a couple of days. (beat
dialog: Where would they stay?
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: He said something about a pensione.
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: (laughing and pretendinf
dialog: to be horrified)
dialog: Oh, no! Let’s make them a hotel
dialog: reservation. A pensione, oy!
text: Perlman laughs with his wife.
scene_heading: EXT. WAR MEMORIAL - PANDINO - DUSK 125
text: OLIVER and ELIO, still wearing their swimsuits, are in front
text: of the War World I Memorial for Fallen Soldiers, in the
text: nearby town of Pandino. Elio crosses the steps and tries to
text: put his arms around it; he stands there spread-eagled.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: They’re too big for even two men to
dialog: get their arms around.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Let’s see.
text: OLIVER goes up and his arms flung out. Then attacks the
text: problem from the other side of the monument, facing it, and
text: putting his arms around it in a kind of embrace.
text: Unseen by them, a young couple - a boy anda girl - are
text: embracing in the underbrush nearby. They smile at the two
text: young men and renew their own hugging. They look like a
text: shepherd and shepherdess, wearing simple, everyday work
dialog: clothes.
text: Unseen, they watch ELIO and OLIVER, whose extended fingertips
text: almost touch, but not quite.
speaker_heading: tee eH
dialog: *
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: Revision82.
text: They are still several inches apart as they stretch their
text: bodies, exhaling with their effort. But the stone gleams
text: stubbornly in the space between their fingers.
text: OLIVER decides to cheat, and moves in ELIO’s direction, until
text: they make contact. They yell and OLIVER gathers ELIO into his
text: arms and kisses him.
text: The boy and girl in the shadows resume their own kiss.
text: OLIVER puts a hand inside ELIO’s bathing suit, but ELIO
text: pushes him away.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Not here. Not in all this, not on
dialog: this stone.
text: The two young men run back to their bikes and ride off
text: watched by the young couple. The “Shepherd” moves his hand
text: on the breast of the “Shepherdess,” and she lets him keep it
dialog: there.
scene_heading: EXT. COACH STATION - MONTODINE - DAY 126
text: OLIVER puts his suitcases in the open trunk of a waiting
text: coach. He is saying his goodbyes to the PERLMANS before he
text: and ELIO get on it. ANNELLA kisses Oliver with great
text: affection; PERLMAN shakes his hand warmly, all formality
text: gone. Both say “Come back soon!" The driver closes the trunk.
text: ELIO says goodbye to his parents, unable to hide an honest
text: smile of happiness.
text: Chiara arrives driving her bike to salute Oliver but the
dialog: coach is leaving...
text: The Perlmans and Chiara watch the coach drive away as Elio
text: and Oliver take seats inside it.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BUS - FROM CREMA TO ALPI OROBIE - DAY 127
text: Oliver smiles and waves to Chiara on the half-crowded bus.
text: OLIVER dozes off, his head on ELIO’s shoulder. ELIO looks at
text: him, his gaze full of unaccountable emotions.
text: Outside the window the summer landscape changes from the flat
text: plains into the first alps, the Orobie.
scene_heading: EXT. BOSCO/PRATO - CASCATE DEL SERIO - DAY 128
text: A small forest of beech and fir trees. ELIO and OLIVER walk
text: on a trail with their backpacks.
dialog: *
dialog: eet
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 83.
text: They cross a small bridge over a creek and reach a large
text: grass field, looking towards the mountain patiently awaiting
dialog: something.
text: Oliver looks at ELIO and hugs him, a friendly grab-hug. Then
text: a hand moves down on Elio's thigh, and he looks around.
text: The explosion of water in the mountain is violent and
text: unexpected. The river leaps three times on the rocks before
text: it reaches the bottom of the valley. OLIVER jumps up and in a
text: very American impulse howls at this spectacle of water. ELIO
text: laughs. They run to the water and disappear into the cascade.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BEDROOM - BERGAMO - AFTERNOON 129
text: ELIO and OLIVER enter their hotel bedroom in Bergamo. They
text: look around and laugh, for no apparent reason.
text: Later. There is a large window looking out over the front
text: entrance of the hotel and a parking lot adjoining it.
text: OLIVER stands looking out as ELIO comes up from behind him,
text: putting his arms around Oliver’s waist. Both are wearing
dialog: boxer shorts.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - BERGAMO - NIGHT 130
text: Elio and Oliver are drunk. They stroll in the streets of the
text: old town, stumbling, laughing. Taking advantage of a deserted
text: alley OLIVER pushes ELIO against the wall and kisses him.
text: Then suddenly stops.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Listen!
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Listen to what?
text: Among the soft sounds of the sleeping city is a distant
dialog: melody.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: This song!
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: There’s no song. You’re
text: hallucinating.
text: Elio tries to kiss him again but Oliver grabs his hand and
text: pulls him away.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Let’s go!
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: EXT. PIAZZETTA - BERGAMO - NIGHT 131
text: In a small square in the old part of town three young men and
text: a girl are leaning on a wall. They are wearing oversized
text: jackets and make-up; they are early examples of the "New
dialog: Romantic" fashion.
text: At their feet is a radio playing “Love My Way”, the song that
text: was also playing at the open-air dancing bar a few weeks
text: earlier. OLIVER looks at ELIO as if to say "See?", then
text: salutes the youngsters, only to be ignored.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Psychedelic Furs. The best!
text: The New Romantics seem uninterested. OLIVER starts dancing,
text: as we already saw him do, alone. He then grabs the girl,
text: intending for her to dance with him, and it seems like the
dialog: situation could go badly.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: (in lousy Italan)
dialog: Li ho visti a New York l’anno
dialog: scorso. Richard Butler...
dialog: spettacolo!
dialog: (I saw them in New York last year.
dialog: Richard Butler... awesome!)
scene_heading: RAGAZZA NEW ROMANTIC
dialog: (romagnolo accent)
dialog: Davvero? Li abbiam visti anche noi
dialog: in concerto! Siamo andati a Londra
dialog: facendo 1’autostop...
dialog: (Really? We saw them in concert
dialog: too! We hitch-hiked to London...)
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Best way to travel around!
text: So the other New Romantics join the dance, with their
text: syncopated moves. ELIO doesn't dance, he looks, uncertain. At
text: the song's climax he bursts out puking suddenly and
dialog: abundantly.
scene_heading: EXT. STRADA CON FONTANA - BERGAMO - DAWN 132
text: OLIVER holds ELIO's forehead as he pukes. Elio stands away
text: from the wall making an "I'm okay now" gesture, and goes to
text: the fountain nearby to splash water on his face.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: It's the best day of my life and I
dialog: end it with puking!
text: Oliver looks around to check that nobody is looking and
text: starts kissing him again. Elio lets himself go.
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 85.
text: With his eyes still closed he hears male voices passing
text: nearby muttering something against them, but he doesn't care.
text: IT’S THE KISS OF A LIFETIME.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BEDROOM - DAWN 133
text: OLIVER and ELIO are hugging on their hotel bed. OLIVER looks
text: at ELIO sleeping. A HISSING sound in the distance.
scene_heading: EXT. BINARIO - STAZIONE DI CLUSONE - DAY 134
text: It is the sound of a train arriving at the station, on the
dialog: main platform.
text: ELIO and OLIVER together look at the train come to a stop.
text: ELIO is wearing Oliver’s blue shirt. On the platform are a
text: few travellers ready to leave. Oliver's bags are those for
text: his trip back home; they are about to say goodbye.
text: The train doors open, some people come out, others get in
text: while saying their goodbyes to their counterparts.
text: Elio and Oliver aren't moving, they try to delay the
text: inevitable, if only for a few seconds. The voice on the
text: intercom informs that the Express train for Rome is about to
dialog: depart from Platform 1.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Did you get your passport?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Yeah, I did.
text: The travellers are all on the train, except for Oliver..
text: The conductor is a few cars down, looking at his watch. A
text: moment of suspended, cruel silence.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: There's emptiness behind your eyes/
dialog: there's dust in our hearts/ Love my
dialog: way, it's a new road...
text: Elio listens to these words, which Oliver starts to sing
text: sweetly, whispering.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT’D)
dialog: I follow where my mind goes, so
dialog: swallow all your tears, my love/
dialog: And put on your new face/ You can
dialog: never win or lose, if you don't run
dialog: the race.
text: They hug. OLIVER grabs his bags and enters the train.
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 86.
text: The train leaves. Elio watches it disappear in the distance.
text: Wiped out, he walks along the platform and sits on a bench,
text: his gaze lost in thoughts. After a long beat he stands and go
dialog: to the...
scene_heading: EXT. PHONE BOOTH - STAZIONE DI CLUSONE - DAY 135
text: ELIO dials a number on a public phone, he does so
text: mechanically. A few moments later somebody picks up.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Mafalda? Maman... Bonjour. Oui, je
dialog: vais bien. Je suis a Clusone, 4 la
dialog: gare. Oui... il est parti. Maman,
dialog: s'il te plait, tu pourrais venir me
dialog: chercher?
dialog: (Mafalda? Mom... Hey. Yes, I'm
dialog: fine. I'm in Clusone, at the
dialog: station. Yes.. he left. Mom..
dialog: please could you come pick me up?)
scene_heading: INT./EXT. CAR/COUNTRY ROAD - AFTERNOON 136
text: ANNELLA is with ELIO in the car. She is driving back to the
text: villa. ELIO is silent. Oliver’s blue shirt is open over
text: Elio's bare chest and blows in the wind.
text: She looks at him. She reaches out with her free hand and
text: caresses his cheek, the sweetest gesture.
text: Elio’s face crumples. He starts to cry. She wipes his tears
text: away with her free hand but he cannot stop.
scene_heading: EXT STREETS OF TOWN - AFTERNOON 137
text: The Perlman car is parked in town. ELIO is alone, sitting on
text: the passenger seat. The car's radio is playing some summer
dialog: song.
text: In the distance, a group of Elio's friends are walking about.
text: Among them is MARZIA, who notices the Perlman car, then Elio.
text: She waves at her friends and leaves them to come towards him.
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: Ciao.
text: Elio notices her only when she is close.
speaker_heading: MARZIA (CONT’D)
dialog: How are you?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Good, thanks.
dialog: 138
dialog: 87.
text: Elio tries straightening up to hide his emotions, his face
text: recently upset by tears.
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: (in French)
dialog: J'ai lu le livre que
dialog: tu m'as offert, les poémes.
dialog: Ils sont trés beaux. J’aime
dialog: beaucoup cette Antonia Pozzi.
dialog: (I read the book you gave me, the
dialog: poems, they are beautiful. I really
dialog: love Antonia Pozzi.)
dialog: “Nell’aria della stanza - non te
dialog: guardo - ma gia il ricordo del tuo
dialog: viso” (In the room’s air - not you
dialog: do I look at - but already the
dialog: memory of your face)
text: Elio nods, smiling back at her.
speaker_heading: MARZIA (CONT’D)
dialog: I'm sorry you feel so bad. I just
dialog: wanted to tell you that I'm not mad
dialog: at you. I love you. (Je suis
dialog: désolée que tu sois si malheureux.
dialog: Je voulais juste te dire que je ne
dialog: t'en veux pas. Je t'aime.)
text: Elio is surprised and comforted by Marzia's words. She
text: extends her hand to him.
speaker_heading: MARZIA (CONT’D)
dialog: On reste amis?
dialog: (Friends.)
text: Elio shakes her hand, then exits the car and hugs her,
text: sighing. Annella is approaching.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Pour la vie?
dialog: (Forever?)
speaker_heading: MARZIA
dialog: Pour la vie.
dialog: (Forever)
scene_heading: EXT. PERLMAN VILLA - AFTERNOON 138
text: The car comes through the gate. ANCHISE comes forward and
text: offers to carry the backpack up to his room, ELIO tells him
dialog: that backpacks should be carried by their owners.
speaker_heading: ANCHISE
dialog: Il signor Ulliva 6 partito? (Has
dialog: mister Ulliva left?)
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Si, stamattina. (Yes, this morning)
speaker_heading: ANCHISE
dialog: Anche a me duole. (I too am
dialog: saddened) .
text: ELIO avoids his eyes, not wanting to encourage him to say
text: anything further, and goes inside.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE - PERLMAN VILLA - AFTERNOON 139
text: ELIO meets MAFALDA coming down the stairs.
speaker_heading: MAFALDA
dialog: I fixed up your room the way it
dialog: was.
text: ELIO frowns, angered by this news.
scene_heading: INT. OLIVER’S ROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - AFTERNOON 140
text: Elio’s room, in which Oliver has stayed. Alone now, ELIO
text: enters it and looks around. Everything of his has been put
text: back, his clothes in the closet and drawers. He drops his
text: backpack on the floor and throws himself down on the sunlit
text: bed. The bedspread is the same. He closes his eyes. He is
text: glad to be back in his old room, now full of sustaining
dialog: memories of Oliver.
scene_heading: INT. PERLMAN STUDIO - PERLMAN VILLA - EVENING/NIGHT 141
text: Professor PERLMAN is sitting in his usual place, but his
text: chair is turned out to face the garden. On his lap are proofs
text: of his latest book. He is drinking. Three large citronella
text: candles next to him keep the mosquitoes away.
text: ELIO comes into the room to say good night. His father puts
text: away his manuscript with a toss and lights a cigarette - his
text: last of the day - using one of the citronella candles.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: So? Welcome home. Did Oliver enjoy
dialog: the trip?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I think he did.
text: PERLMAN takes a drag from his cigarette, then pauses a moment
dialog: before speaking.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: You two had a nice friendship.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (somewhat evasive)
dialog: Yes.
text: Another pause, and another drag on his cigarette.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: You’ re too smart not to know how
dialog: rare, how special, what you two had
dialog: was.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Oliver was Oliver.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: “Parce-que c’etait lui, parce-que
dialog: c’etait moi.”
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (trying to avoid talking
dialog: about Oliver with his
dialog: father)
dialog: Oliver may be very intelligent -
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: (interrupting his son)
dialog: Intelligent? He was more than
dialog: intelligent. What you two had had
dialog: everything and nothing to do with
dialog: intelligence. He was good, and you
dialog: were both lucky to have found each
dialog: other, because you too are good.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I think he was better than me.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: I’m sure he’d say the same thing
dialog: about you, which flatters the two
dialog: of you.
text: In tapping his cigarette and leaning toward the ashtray, he
text: reaches out and touches Elio’s hand. PERLMAN alters his tone
dialog: of voice (his tone says: We don’t have to speak about it, but
dialog: let’s not pretend we don’t know what I’m saying).
speaker_heading: PERLMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: When you least expect it, Nature
dialog: has cunning ways of finding our
dialog: weakest spot. Just remember: I am
dialog: here. Right now you may not want to
dialog: feel anything. Perhaps you never
dialog: wished to feel anything. And
dialog: perhaps it’s not to me that you’ll
dialog: want to speak about these things.
dialog: But feel something you obviously
dialog: did.
dialog: 90.
text: ELIO looks at his father, then drops his eyes to the floor.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN (CONT’D) Look -
dialog: you had a beautiful friendship.
dialog: Maybe more than a friendship. And I
dialog: envy you. In my place, most parents
dialog: would hope the whole thing goes
dialog: away, to pray that their sons land
text: on their feet. But
dialog: I am not such a parent. In your
dialog: place, if there is pain, nurse it.
dialog: And if there is a flame, don’t
dialog: snuff it out. Don’t be brutal with
dialog: it. We rip out so much of ourselves
dialog: to be cured of things faster, that
dialog: we go bankrupt by the age of thirty
dialog: and have less to offer each time we
dialog: start with someone new. But to make
dialog: yourself feel nothing so as not to
dialog: feel anything - what a waste!
text: ELIO is dumbstruck as he tries to take all this in.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Have I spoken out of turn?
text: ELIO shakes his head.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Then let me say one more thing. It
dialog: will clear the air. I may have come
dialog: close, but I never had what you two
dialog: had. Something always held me back
dialog: or stood in the way. How you live
dialog: your life is your business.
dialog: Remember, our hearts and our bodies
dialog: are given to us only once. And
dialog: before you know it, your heart is
dialog: worn out, and, as for your body,
dialog: there comes a point when no one
dialog: looks at it, much less wants to
dialog: come near it. Right now there’s
dialog: sorrow. Pain. Don’t kill it and
dialog: with it the joy you’ve felt.
text: PERLMAN takes a breath.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: We may never speak about this
dialog: again. But I hope you’ll never hold
dialog: it against me that we did. I will
dialog: have been a terrible father if, one
dialog: day, you’d want to speak to me and
dialog: felt that the door was shut, or not
text: sufficiently open.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Does mother know?
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: Revision91.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: I don’t think she does.
dialog: (but his voice means “Even
dialog: if she did, I am sure her
dialog: attitude would be no
dialog: different than mine”
scene_heading: EXT. CAMPAGNA - PERLMAN VILLA - WINTER DAY 142
text: The Perlman villa in Winter. A foggy day. Six months later,
text: ELIO walks in the countryside that surrounds the villa.
speaker_heading: NARRATORE
dialog: They had become each other that
dialog: summer. And long after every
dialog: forked road in life had done its
dialog: work this would always be true.
dialog: Their lives scarcely touched in
dialog: those weeks together, but they had
text: crossed to the other side, where
text: time stops and heaven reaches down
dialog: to earth and gives us that ration
dialog: of what is from birth divinely
dialog: ours. They could look the other way
dialog: and speak of everything but, they
dialog: would always know. They had found
dialog: the stars, Elio and Oliver. And
dialog: this is given once only.
text: He crosses the gate and comes back in the garden. He enters
dialog: the house.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN/STAIRCASE/BOCCHIRALE - PERLMAN VILLA - AFTERNGON
text: ELIO walks through the kitchen and up the stairs. The
text: telephone rings and ELIO runs down the stairs to answer it,
text: an expression of excited expectancy on his face. It is
text: OLIVER, calling from New York.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (V.O.)
dialog: Elio? Are you there?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: I’m here, I’m here. How are you?
speaker_heading: OLIVER (V.O.)
dialog: Fine. How are your parents?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: Fine, too... I miss you.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (V.O.)
dialog: I miss you too. Very much. (long
dialog: beat) I have some news.
dialog: *
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: What news? You’re getting married,
dialog: I suppose.
dialog: (laughing)
speaker_heading: OLIVER (V.O.)
dialog: I might be getting married this
dialog: spring.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (dumb founded)
dialog: You never said anything.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (V.O.)
dialog: It’s been off and on for two years.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: But that’s wonderful news!
speaker_heading: OLIVER (V.O.)
dialog: Do you mind?
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: You're being silly.
text: There is a long silence. ELIO’s genuine congratulatory smile
text: fades.
text: Just then ANNELLA appears, and ELIO hands it to his mother.
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: Why aren’t you here? When are you
dialog: coming? Elio misses you terribly,
dialog: going around all the time with such
dialog: a long face!
text: She and PERLMAN exchange greetings with OLIVER.
speaker_heading: PERLMAN
dialog: You caught us while in the process
dialog: of choosing the new you for next
dialog: summer..
dialog: “Wonderful, wonderful!” they say. When they go out, PERLMAN
text: hands the receiver back to ELIO, who reaches for it before
dialog: they can hang up.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (lowering his voice when
dialog: he is sure they’ve left
dialog: the room)
dialog: They know about us...
speaker_heading: OLIVER (V.O.)
dialog: I figured.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: How?
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (V.O.)
dialog: From the way your father spoke - he
dialog: made me feel like a member of the
text: family - almost like a son-in-law.
dialog: You’ re lucky. My father would have
dialog: carted me off to a correctional
dialog: facility.
speaker_heading: ELIO
dialog: (daringly)
dialog: “Elio, Elio”
speaker_heading: OLIVER (V.O.)
dialog: (After a very long beat)
dialog: Oliver.. I remember everything
scene_heading: INT.PROFESSOR PERLMAN’S STUDY - PERLMAN VILLA - AFTERNOON 144
text: The PERLMANS and MAFALDA are at a big table spread out with
text: what look like application letters, with photos attached.
dialog: It’s the ritual that takes place every year, they evaluate
dialog: several letters of proposal sent by advanced graduate
dialog: students in America, or young aspiring scholars from there.
dialog: It's the ritual that brought about the choice of Oliver last
dialog: year.
text: ELIO enters the room, he looks over the photos, the resumés.
text: There are half a dozen young men and a couple of young women.
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: E questo?
dialog: (This one?)
text: But Elio is not interested in this. They watch him leave the
dialog: study.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM - PERLMAN VILLA - NIGHT 145
text: Elio enters the dining room all dressed for the celebration
text: lunch. Light is dimming outside the windows. Activities
text: around the table between Annella and Mafalda (placing
dialog: flowers, lighting candles etc)
text: Elio crouches in front of the fire.
text: His face lost in thoughts.
text: The entire end credit scrolls on his close up.
text: Near the end
speaker_heading: ANNELLA
dialog: Elio, Elio
dialog: 94.
text: Elio is so deeply in his thoughts that only after a long beat
text: after Annella calling him he turns toward the sound of her
dialog: voice.
dialog: Fade to black.
dialog: 
