dialog: 
scene_heading: CANDLE TO WATER
dialog: Written by
dialog: Nick Green
dialog: Shooting draft (05/04/12)
speaker_heading: BLACK
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: `Veracity'
dialog: Then:
speaker_heading: BROOKE VO
dialog: (phone filter)
dialog: There's never been anyone like
dialog: you, since you. I love you
dialog: Vaughn. I love you like no-one
dialog: else ever has, or could. I'm not
dialog: going to try to persuade you.
dialog: Just follow your heart. OK?
speaker_heading: FADE IN ON
scene_heading: 1.01 INT. SALOON CAR ­ EVENING
text: The car is stuck in rush-hour traffic, which surrounds VAUGHN
text: (40), as he wrestles with the hardest decision of his life.
text: He speaks into the car mobile phone kit microphone.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: I don't know. I mean I want
dialog: you, I want to be with you.
dialog: You know that. It's just . . .
text: He glances at his mobile phone in its car kit dash cradle. The
text: display says `OFFICE'. The lights of cars outside illuminate
text: the falling snow, which is beginning to settle on the road.
text: He waits. No response. No need for one.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Can you . . . just give me
dialog: twenty four hours ­ OK?
text: Beat. The dashboard lights seem swirl around him. Stress.
speaker_heading: BROOKE OS
dialog: (phone filter)
dialog: Are you lost? You sound lost.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Thought I'd try a new way home.
dialog: Beat the traffic, you know.
text: He looks at the sea of cars around him sardonically.
speaker_heading: BROOKE OS
dialog: (phone filter)
text: A little girl fell in love with
text: a little boy. Still falling
dialog: over here!
text: Her laughter sounds loud on the car phone speakers.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: OK ­ I'll call you, babe. OK?
text: Beat. The dashboard lights. Snow. Rush hour. Stress.
text: His satnav sounds bizarrely loud, suddenly:
speaker_heading: SATNAV VOICE
dialog: In point two of a mile, keep
dialog: right . . .
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: (laughter, phone filter)
dialog: See ­ even she's on my side!
dialog: (beat) I love you Vaughn.
dialog: Once upon a time.
text: Vaughn takes a deep breath, loathes the traffic outside.
text: His phone display indicates another incoming call: `Mia'.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: I love you too. I gotta. . .
dialog: I'll call you ­ OK. Bye baby.
speaker_heading: BROOKE OS
dialog: (phone filter)
dialog: Another call. Is it her?
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BROOKE OS
dialog: (phone filter)
dialog: I guess you better take it.
dialog: 2|Page
text: Vaughn looks at the incoming call display message. His finger
text: hovers between the `accept' or `reject call' buttons.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: I have to go. I'll call you. . .
speaker_heading: BROOKE OS
dialog: (phone filter)
dialog: I know. I figured.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: What does that mean? Look you
dialog: know how it is. I'll see you
dialog: very soon. Always ­ OK? Ciao baby.
text: No response, then her call is killed her end.
text: Vaughn waits a moment. He takes a deep breath. The world seems
text: to crowd in on him. He presses the call `accept' button.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Mia. Hi honey.
speaker_heading: MIA OS
dialog: (phone filter)
dialog: Mia? Who's she? It's late.
text: Pip wants a goodnight kiss.
dialog: Where are you? Vaughn?
text: On Vaughn's face as he struggles to find the right words
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 1.02 INT. SUBURBAN SEMI ­ DAY
text: Vaughn sits in the conservatory and drinks his morning tea.
text: His gaze out into the garden is broken by something in the
text: cup, in the tea, that gets his attention. Troubled and
text: preoccupied, he frowns as he looks at the tea in the tea cup.
text: His daughter PIP (8) rushes into the conservatory in her
text: pyjamas and throws herself on him ­ her beloved, wonderful
speaker_heading: PIP
dialog: Daddy!
text: Vaughn catches her and tickles her and laughs with her. But
text: his indecision darkens his tired eyes with stress.
dialog: 3|Page
scene_heading: 1.03 INT. GARDEN SHED ­ DAY
text: Vaughn SAWS wood fastened in a workbench vice. The usual
text: garden shed clutter of garden furnature and bikes around him.
text: There is a tense, manic regularity to his saw strokes. A
text: sound, OS, makes him stop sawing:
speaker_heading: MIA (OS)
dialog: We're off.
speaker_heading: BROOK VO
dialog: Once upon a time.
text: Pip says something inaudible outside.
text: Vaughn goes to the shed door. He doesn't really look outside.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: OK. See you later.
text: He half waits for a response, but when there isn't one he
text: returns to the workbench. He re-grips the saw and starts to
text: saw again, but the saw gets jammed in the wood. Vaughn tries
dialog: to saw/free it with increasing desperation and anger until we
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 1.04 INT. SUBURBAN SEMI ­ DAY
text: Vaughn pretends to read the paper in the kitchen. The front
text: door opens. The voices of Mia and Pip approach, OS.
text: MIA (30s) enters the kitchen with several shopping bags.
text: She doesn't look at Vaughn.
text: Vaughn watches in a distracted way.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Pip - you helping me or what?
text: Pip's footsteps climb the stairs. A girly grunt, OS.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: (not looking at Vaughn)
dialog: Any more takers?
text: As she speaks, SUPER/SUBTITLE the real meaning of her words:
dialog: What the fuck is wrong with you?
dialog: 4|Page
text: Vaughn grunts something, then goes to help her; but it's half
text: hearted. He can barely remember where the cereal goes.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Wrong time of the month?
text: Vaughn laughs slightly too loudly. Still no eye contact.
text: His mind elsewhere, he helps her put the shopping away.
text: Mia takes a deep breath to control herself.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Don't worry. Seriously.
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: I love you with every fibre. To the end.
text: Vaughn holds a can of soup - all that's left of his dignity.
text: Mia puts the shopping away in the cupboards and the fridge.
text: The tension is palpable. Silence strangles them both.
text: Mia finishes putting things away without looking at him.
text: The last item goes in the last cupboard. Bags are stored.
text: A beat. Vaughn's body is wracked by guilty tension.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: (still no eye contact)
dialog: You out later then darling?
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: Don't do this to me - please?
text: Vaughn hides his torment and indecision as best he can.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Yeah. Probably. I don't know.
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: I don't love you anymore.
speaker_heading: BROOK VO
dialog: Just follow your heart. OK?
text: Mia takes the can of soup from him and puts it away.
dialog: 5|Page
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: (eventually)
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: Do I disgust you that much?
text: Mia leaves the kitchen without looking at him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 1.05 INT. SUBURBAN SEMI ­ DAY
text: Vaughn, Mia and Pip sit at the table eating lunch.
speaker_heading: PIP
dialog: But why not? Daddy said we
dialog: could. Daddy?
text: Vaughn reacts half-heartedly but lovingly to Pip. Mia pretends
text: everything is fine: the stiffness of her body and the smile.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: I'm not sure sweetheart.
speaker_heading: BROOK VO
dialog: (seductive whisper)
dialog: You promised.
text: Vaughn looks at Pip's hands. Innocence. The stony road ahead.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Daddy's not feeling too well,
dialog: darling. I'm sure a swim
dialog: will do us all good.
text: The lack of eye contact with Vaughn speaks volumes.
speaker_heading: PIP
dialog: Daddy? Please? Mia said you'd. . .
text: Mia chastises Pip.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Mummy. It's mummy! Who's Mia!?
speaker_heading: PIP
dialog: Mamma Mia!
text: Vaughn manages to smile. He wants to throw up.
dialog: 6|Page
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Sure thing, nitwit. Let's
dialog: give it half an hour to let
dialog: our lunch go down. I'm fine.
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: Daddy you are a lying piece of shit.
scene_heading: 1.06 INT. SUBURBAN SEMI ­ DAY
text: Mia bustles Pip out of the front door. Pip is in tears.
speaker_heading: PIP
dialog: But why can't daddy come?
text: Vaughn stands in the kitchen doorway.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Come on. Milkshakes later!
text: There's a crack in Mia's voice that destroys Vaughn.
text: Mia closes the door after them. He sees their shapes through
text: the frosted glass of the front door. Ghosts. Departing. Gone.
scene_heading: 1.07 INT. SUBURBAN SEMI ­ DAY
text: Vaughn sits staring unseeing at the TV, which babbles Saturday
text: afternoon crap. He picks up his mobile. He thumbs through his
text: text messages. He opens one. It says `Do it. Do it for me. For
text: us! xxx' He stares at it. He suddenly stands, takes a deep
text: breath and gets control. A decision makes itself.
scene_heading: 1.08 INT. SUBURBAN SEMI PIPS BEDROOM ­ NIGHT
text: Pip lies in her bed. Scared, she hears her parents' voices
text: through the wall. Anger and resentment, sadness and shock.
scene_heading: 1.09 INT. SUBURBAN SEMI MASTER BEDROOM ­ CONTINUOUS
text: Wracked with self-loathing, Vaughn stands awkwardly beside the
text: bed. Mia stares at him, incredulous. Tears blur her eyes.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: I've given you every last atom.
text: She expresses the giving of herself in an unconditional way.
text: Vaughn tries to express something ­ anything. He fails.
dialog: 7|Page
scene_heading: 1.10 EXT. / INT. SALOON CAR ­ NIGHT, LATER
text: Outside the house Vaughn throws an overnight bag onto the back
text: seat of the car. He gets into the car. He slams the door shut,
text: grips the steering wheel. The enormity of it is impossible.
text: He doesn't look up at Pip looking down at him from her bedroom
text: window. That would break him. Worse, it might change his mind.
text: He starts the engine.
scene_heading: 1.11 EXT. PLAYGROUND ­ DAY
text: Vaughn sits on a bench and waits. He pulls his coat around him
text: against the biting cold. He checks his mobile again. Nothing.
text: The unthinkable crosses his face. Surely not. But then
text: BROOKE (38) walks across the playground toward him. She sees
text: him, hurries. It takes him a moment to recognise her. That
text: troubles him. He smiles at her ­ his first smile in a long
text: time. Her smile speaks of very real joy after very real pain.
text: He stands in order to greet her. She tries not to cry, but
text: it's impossible. She embraces and kisses him passionately.
text: She looks at him like he's all she ever wanted. He sees
text: disguised scars on her face. The scars of pain in her eyes.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Vaughn Black. Will you come
dialog: out and play?
text: She holds him, lays her head against his chest.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Thank you.
text: She has found her home in him. And he is unsettled.
scene_heading: 1.12 INT. CHEAP FLAT ­ DAY
text: Brooke opens the door of the fridge in the kitchen for Vaughn.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Beer, water or tea? The world's
dialog: your oyster.
text: Vaughn smiles at her, looks around. It's pretty crummy.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: How long have you been here?
dialog: 8|Page
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Three months, four days, seven
dialog: and a quarter hours.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: White, one sugar. Thank you.
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: This is going to work. All I want!
text: She does a little dance for him, bows low.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: My lord.
text: She smiles her love. He accepts it. He wants it ­ all of it.
text: She puts the kettle on. A beat of silence.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: What you did . . . I mean I
dialog: appreciate what you've done
dialog: for me ­ for us. All I can tell
dialog: you is that it will be worth it.
dialog: We're meant to be together, V.
dialog: You've always said that.
text: His mobile phone bleeps a text message. He ignores it.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Come on. You don't owe me
dialog: anything. I made a choice.
text: He grabs her, kisses her. He looks like a man trying to
text: convince himself that if he ignores it, reality will go away.
text: Emotion overwhelms her, so she gets busy with the tea. Vaughn
text: looks around again, and out of the window. A cheap view, too.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: I've been waiting to show you.
text: She smiles again. Taking her cue, he looks at the portrait
text: photography on the walls in the living room. It's brilliant.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: My God, Brooke. It's . . .
text: He is lost for words.
dialog: 9|Page
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: You want to grab a shower. We
dialog: should go out and celebrate.
text: She does another little dance of joy.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: You're telling me I stink. Mea
dialog: culpa!
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: No!
text: She screams a little, laughs a lot. She buries her nose in his
text: armpits ­ or tries to. They play-fight and kiss. The kiss
text: develops into more. She wants him. They are lost in each other
text: until Vaughn slows them down, pulls back slightly, gently.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: I'll take a shower.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: I'll show you. Might even
dialog: watch you. A man in my shower.
text: The little boy a little girl fell
dialog: in love with. Once upon a time.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: (the boy inside)
text: He's still in there somewhere.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: And now . . .
text: The kettle boils. It doesn't turn itself off. They hold each
text: other's eyes. The kettle over boils. The thing between them
text: builds and builds until she suddenly laughs and turns the
text: kettle off. He indicates upstairs, and then exits upstairs.
text: She watches him go. Her excitement is obvious. If she senses
text: that something is wrong, there is no outward sign of it.
speaker_heading: 1.13 INSERT
text: IMAGES: Brooke being attacked by a knife wielding lover;
text: Brooke curled in a bloody ball, weeping; Brooke the 5 year old
text: child playing with a 7 year old boy in long lost sunshine.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
dialog: 10 | P a g e
scene_heading: 1.14 INT. CHEAP FLAT ­ HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Dusting snow off them, Vaughn and Brooke come through the
text: front door, which Brooke closes behind them. They're drunk,
text: laughing, and sexual. Snow falling is visible outside.
scene_heading: 1.15 LATER INT. CHEAP FLAT ­ BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Vaughn and Brooke fall onto her bed. They undress each other.
text: The momentum builds until knife scars on Brooke's body are
text: revealed. He sees them. She turns the light off, tries to hide
text: them. She tries to make light of it but she's ashamed of them.
text: The momentum of their desire founders, and stops.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: (eventually)
dialog: I'm so sorry.
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: Accept me - I beg you.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: (hushing her)
dialog: Don't be daft. I'm sorry. It's. . .
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: You're damaged. How can I want you?
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: You don't need to be. Take
dialog: your time.
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: Whatever happens, please. . .
text: She smiles at him, gets under the duvet. He stands awkwardly
text: beside the bed a moment, and then gets in beside her. They lie
text: separately for a moment, and then Vaughn embraces her softly.
text: She pulls the duvet up to her neck to hide her body totally.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: An accident? You didn't tell me.
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: What the hell happened?
dialog: 11 | P a g e
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: It's nothing. Really.
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: Accept me.
text: He embraces her, reassures her. But he is troubled.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: All in good time ­ OK?
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: Tell me now.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: We have forever. Oh my love.
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: Accept me.
text: She kisses him, holds him as if she never wants to let go.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: We have forever. Promise?
speaker_heading: 1.16 INSERT
text: IMAGE: Brooke being shanked by her jealous ex-lover.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 1.17 EXT. SCHOOL ­ DAY
text: Snow has turned the world into a postcard.
text: With a kiss and a wave, Mia drops Pip off at primary school.
text: She looks like she hasn't slept, but manages to be cheerful.
scene_heading: 1.18 EXT. QUIET ROAD ­ DAY, LATER
text: Mia drives then stops the car down an isolated country lane.
text: Her mask of courage shatters: she begins to weep like a child.
scene_heading: 1.19 EXT. CHEAP FLAT ­ EVENING
text: Vaughn pulls up in his car after work. He gets out. He looks
text: at the deep tracks his car has made in the WHITE snow. He
text: looks at the outside of the flat. He hesitates, then goes in.
dialog: 12 | P a g e
scene_heading: 1.20 INT. CHEAP FLAT ­ CONTINUOUS
text: Vaughn enters. Brooke rushes to him, smothers him in kisses.
text: They hold each other. For a moment he is free of care.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Good day, bad day . . ?
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: If this doesn't work . . .
text: Vaughn struggles to find an answer to such an inane question.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Got something for you lover-boy.
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: I will do anything.
text: She steps back, does a `ta-dah!' and gestures towards the
scene_heading: 1.21 INT. CHEAP FLAT - KITCHEN
text: Brooke leads him in by the hand. A new suit, some new shirts,
text: new business and casual shoes, and some men's accessories lie
text: on the kitchen table. Dirty crockery lies in the kitchen sink.
text: He goes to the new gear, handles it, and smiles at her.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: Why didn't you tell me!? Stupid!
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: So now you've got everything
dialog: you need here. So now . . .
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: It will be your fault, your responsibility.
text: He takes her hand, glances back at the unwashed dishes.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Brooke, look. . .
dialog: 13 | P a g e
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: Forgive me.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Brooke? You never call me that.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: My love.
text: He pulls her too him. She smarts at his strength, so he holds
text: her gently, nurtures her. They kiss. Their passion builds.
scene_heading: 1.22 INT. CHEAP FLAT ­BATHROOM - EVENING, LATER
text: Vaughn and Brooke shower together. He washes her body gently.
scene_heading: 1.23 INT. CHEAP FLAT ­ BEDROOM - EVENING, LATER
text: Vaughn and Brooke get into bed together. Candlelight
text: illuminates their naked bodies and throws shadows around them.
text: They start to make love, but then Vaughn stops.
text: She is deeply hurt, but puts a brave face on it.
text: He doesn't know what to do.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: What happened?
text: It's awkward between them: her pain and his change of heart.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: 1.24 INSERT
text: IMAGE: Brooke being shanked by her jealous ex-lover.
speaker_heading: BACK WITH
scene_heading: 1.25 INT. CHEAP FLAT ­ BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
dialog: Vaughn and Brooke in bed: it should be heaven but its hell.
dialog: 14 | P a g e
scene_heading: 1.26 INT. SUBURBAN SEMI ­ DAY
text: Vaughn enters the house awkwardly. Mia avoids his eyes.
text: He's wearing the new clothes Brooke bought him.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: (eventually)
dialog: Pip's with mum?
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: What have I done?
text: An emotional wreck, Mia nods.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: How is she?
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: My family is my world. Forgive me.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Don't start, Vaughn. What kind
dialog: of a fucking stupid question
dialog: is that? How's my daughter
dialog: now that I've walked out on her
text: and her mother and run into
dialog: the arms of my childhood
dialog: sweetheart?
text: Vaughn is clearly shocked that Mia knows what she knows.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Jesus ­ the false caller IDs on
dialog: your phone. `Office'? I mean
dialog: please. And remember eye contact?
dialog: You should try private browsing ­
dialog: or at least clear your history
dialog: every now and again. For someone
dialog: who's in fucking IT . . . So
dialog: what now? You want some clothes,
dialog: your tool box, the toaster:
dialog: a divorce?
text: Vaughn doesn't know what to say, how to react.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Have them all. On the house.
text: She can't hold it back any longer. She weeps her agony.
dialog: 15 | P a g e
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: Now fuck off, please? It's
dialog: over. You piece of shit . . .
text: She stumbles at him, pounds him with her fists; but when she
text: hits him she recoils from the contact with his body.
text: She wipes her hands of the contact with him.
speaker_heading: MIA
dialog: What am I supposed to do now,
dialog: bastard: tell me, tell me, tell. . .
text: She collapses, sobbing uncontrollably.
text: Vaughn glimpses something through the living room door he
text: hasn't seen before: a WHITE feather lying on the dresser.
text: It holds his attention until he exits the front door.
scene_heading: 1.27 INT. SALOON CAR ­ EVENING
text: Vaughn sits in rush-hour traffic. The cars ahead of him are
text: moving, but he sits static, staring ahead. Car horns blare.
text: His satnav sounds bizarrely loud, suddenly:
speaker_heading: SATNAV VOICE
dialog: In point two of a mile, keep
dialog: right . . .
text: Snow outside. The dashboard lights seem to swirl around him.
scene_heading: 1.28 INT. CHEAP FLAT ­ EVENING
text: Vaughn enters. He puts his brief case down.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Babe? (nothing, so) Brooke?
text: Brooke suddenly jumps out from behind the kitchen door.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Boo!
text: She laughs and runs toward him, but he isn't impressed.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: What's wrong?
dialog: 16 | P a g e
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: What d'you think? Were you always this stupid?
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Blimey ­ someone lost their
dialog: sense of humour.
text: Vaughn frowns deeply, hides his irritation. The TV babbles, OS
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: I thought you'd be pleased for
dialog: me. I got a job!
text: He's rained on her parade, and now he feels like crap.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: That's brilliant. When?
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: I don't care anymore.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Start on Monday. It'll be good
dialog: for us ­ we can be DINKYs.
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: I beg you with all my life.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: It's great ­ really.
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: Forgive me ­ I want only that.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: You're hungry. Thirsty? Let
dialog: me get you a drink. Drink for
dialog: my king. Then maybe . . .
text: She twirls a seductive finger around his tie. They kiss.
dialog: 17 | P a g e
scene_heading: 1.29 INT. CHEAP FLAT ­ BEDROOM - EVENING, LATER
text: Vaughn and Brooke begin to make love in bed. It's better this
dialog: time: their passion builds; it's going to be OK. But then
text: He begins to falter and she begins to cry. Her cry becomes a
speaker_heading: SCREAM
text: Vaughn pulls back from her, looks at her. Her terror.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Tell me! For God sake . . .
text: She suddenly seems alone, naked on the bed. She tries one last
text: time: she goes to him, touches him; but he can't respond.
text: He realises. And now her dream is over.
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: Who did this to you?
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Does it matter? He was jealous.
dialog: He's everything you're not.
dialog: Vaughn? You love me. Baby?
dialog: You don't need to fear him.
dialog: They're just scars. Oh God, no.
dialog: Vaughn? They're just scars
dialog: for God sake. This is my body!
text: Vaughn searches for words, but he finds only his reality.
text: Reaching critical emotional mass, she gets up quickly, puts
text: the overhead light on. It seems stark and horribly bright.
text: She weeps, reveals her damaged knife SCARRED body to him.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Can you see properly? Can you?
dialog: (of her scars) Do you like them?
speaker_heading: 1.30 INSERT
text: IMAGE: Brooke being shanked by her jealous ex-lover.
speaker_heading: BACK WITH
scene_heading: 1.31 INT. CHEAP FLAT ­ BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Vaughn suddenly feels as vulnerable as she looks.
dialog: 18 | P a g e
speaker_heading: VAUGHN
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Why didn't you tell me?
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Smart question Vaughn, smart.
text: He looks at her. He sees suicide in her eyes.
text: She suddenly lunges for him, starts to punch him. To Vaughn
text: this now has the quality of a nightmare. This is impossible.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Love me.
text: They struggle. She's no match for him, but he is half hearted.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Love me!
text: He takes it. She smashes at him. His nose and mouth bleed.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Love me, bastard! COWARD!
text: She SCREAMS like a wild animal, goes to punch him again; but
text: Vaughn SNAPS: he lashes out at her, sends her flying
text: backwards. She lands badly, gasping with pain and shock.
text: Vaughn's bloody mouth begins to form the word `sorry' again.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: It doesn't matter. (long beat)
dialog: Go back to her. Go back to mama.
dialog: It's where you belong.
text: Vaughn stands there panting, bleeding; wishing he could cry.
speaker_heading: BROOKE
dialog: Go forever. Now.
text: On Vaughn: naked, bleeding and alone, as he tries to react we
text: CUT TO BLACK
dialog: 19 | P a g e
dialog: Story #2
speaker_heading: BLACK
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: `Stanislavski'
speaker_heading: FADE IN ON
scene_heading: 2.32 INT. STORAGE DEPOT ­ DAY
scene_heading: BLACK, OVER-POLISHED SHOES
text: The shoes SQUEAK as the man wearing them walks down a lino
text: floor. These are the kind of shoes worn by a man who works
text: long hours on his feet. It becomes clear that the man has a
text: very slight limp. He walks down a strip-lit corridor in
scene_heading: 2.33 INT. STORAGE DEPOT ­ DAY
scene_heading: A LONG, BLEAK CORRIDOR
text: The man who wears the shoes is MO (30s) ­ a very well-built,
text: dark haired guy with a sensitive yet watchful and angry face.
text: Mo is a security guard; he wears security guard paraphernalia
text: on his uniform belt: keys, torch, walkie-talkie etc.
text: He stops and listens, so the slightly uneven SQUEAKING stops.
text: He hears distant voices in the
scene_heading: 2.34 INT. MAIN WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: This place is huge. It's also soulless and grim. Row upon row
text: of gated storage areas are crammed with peoples' belongings.
text: Between these rows walks CY (50s) with female admin staffer
text: DOLORES (40s). Cy has a dishevelled look of a man who has
dialog: stopped searching for his dreams. Self-dissatisfaction, hatred
text: even, haunts his tired face. He doesn't want to be here.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: . . .though normally there's
dialog: a charge for that.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: Of course there is.
text: They approach a storage area numbered 110. Dolores reaches for
text: a skeleton key attached to her belt by a security chain.
dialog: 20 | P a g e
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Here we go.
text: Dolores unlocks the storage area. She pushes the door open.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: There you go.
text: Cy enters the storage area. He starts rummaging through boxes.
text: A door opens and closes in the distance.
text: Dolores' mobile rings. She answers it.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: (into the phone)
dialog: Well I can't be two places at
dialog: once, now can I. (then) Sure.
dialog: (then) Mo's around somewhere.
dialog: No. (then) I will. (then) OK.
text: She ends the phone call, looks OS.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
text: Here he is now. (calls out) Mo?
text: A slightly uneven SQUEAK approaches.
text: Mo rounds a corner at the end of a storage row.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Mo? Mo ­ could you please just
dialog: see Mister Caudwell out? He
dialog: just needs to pick something up.
text: There is an unusually long delay before Mo responds.
text: Mo approaches, and stops when he reaches DOLORES.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: No sweat Doll.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Dolores! How many more times?
text: But she's smiling. There's familiarity between them. When Mo
text: smiles, however, the smile seems out of place on his face.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: No worries Doll.
dialog: 21 | P a g e
text: Mo laughs. A strange laugh. She throws him an angry face.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Sorry mister Caudwell. Mo here
dialog: will see you out. I have to . . .
text: She heads off, pulling one last face at Mo as she goes.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: OK (indifferent) thanks.
text: Cy's voice is barely audible as he rummages in boxes.
text: Mo looks in at him. He gets a text, checks it, and responds.
text: With a `ha!', Cy pulls something out of a box. Mo waits. As he
text: does so, he shifts his weight from his right foot to his left.
text: Cy emerges from the storage area looking flushed with effort.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: No sweat.
text: Mo goes to lock storage area 110. Cy looks at the object he
text: has retrieved: an old VHS video cassette. Mo sees it.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Wow ­ that's an old VHS isn't it?
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: It is indeed. Are we done?
text: Cy speaks to him grudgingly. He wants to get the hell out.
text: The door locked, Mo starts to walk away from 110 with Cy.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Ain't seen one of those for
dialog: years. Never used one.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: Really.
text: Cy walks way ahead of Mo. The hell out of here.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Wait ­ I gotta sign you out man.
dialog: Paperwork. You got the forms?
dialog: 22 | P a g e
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: Man? What the hell happened
dialog: to `sir'?
text: His disgust is obvious in the way he avoids looking at Mo.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Sir? You're a knight? The
dialog: queen dub you or something?
dialog: If I don't call you sir that
dialog: doesn't mean I don't respect.
dialog: It just means I don't call you sir.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: Fine. It doesn't really matter.
dialog: Sorry.
text: Cy walks faster but Mo knows he doesn't know where he's going.
text: Mo looks more closely at him.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Wait ­ you're that director.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: Can we please just finish up
dialog: and go. I'm late.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Seriously ­ I know you. I'm an
dialog: actor. We met once. Maybe . . .
text: Cy keeps walking but doesn't know where he's going.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: You've got the wrong man.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: No seriously. We met at an
dialog: audition. You auditioned me.
text: Cy just speeds up.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: You must remember. I'm not doing
dialog: this forever. Got plans to do
dialog: things. Get my CV together. You
dialog: must remember.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: Like I said . . .
dialog: 23 | P a g e
text: Cy won't slow down, so Mo puts a hand on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: The fuck do you think you're
dialog: doing?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Take it easy. I'm only asking.
text: Cy looks at him for the first time. Mo sees his bitterness.
text: Cy turns away to carry on walking. He's lost.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: How the hell do we . . .
text: He looks around. Left or right?
text: Mo gets his mobile out. He goes to photograph Cy.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: What the hell are you doing?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Come on man ­ just a j-peg to
dialog: let my buddies know I saw you.
dialog: I photograph everything. Got
dialog: gigs of shit at home. But you ­
dialog: you're the man who directed. . .
text: Cy turns away, irritated. He looks around ­ up at the roof.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: A sign or two might help.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Exit? It's cool. Listen we
dialog: won't do the (indicates his
text: phone, which he puts away). . .
dialog: But slow down: you must
dialog: remember me. You're ­ that's it:
dialog: name begins with C. . .
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: OK. What the fuck is the matter
dialog: with all this? I've got my thing,
dialog: now I just want to get out of
dialog: here. Let's sign the papers ­
dialog: and I can't quite believe there
dialog: are papers ­ and I'm done. Clear?
dialog: 24 | P a g e
text: They stand at a junction between rows. Left or right?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Clear. So what's on the (the
dialog: VHS) video?
text: Mo laughs a little at the whole idea of a VHS.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: Jesus. Mind my business is on
dialog: the video. Is that all right?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: It's fine, bro; but hostility
dialog: ain't working. Not in here.
text: Cy looks around. It seems like a labyrinth.
text: Mo clicks his fingers, remembering suddenly:
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: It was that show - that play you
text: were directing. Silver something.
dialog: Shit. Four, five years back.
dialog: Come on, man ­ you must remember.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: OK. I remember. So can we go now?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Sure, but look: what's with all
dialog: the storage. You moving house
dialog: or something?
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: Something like that. Look: show
dialog: me the way out of here now, man,
dialog: or I'll have to speak to your
dialog: supervisor. What was her name?
dialog: Dorothy?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Shit no: Doll's just admin.
text: Works up in the box.
text: Mo looks up and waves to a CCTV camera.
speaker_heading: MO
text: Dolls in the doll house, doing
dialog: doll things. Bless.
dialog: 25 | P a g e
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: Out. Now.
text: Mo's attitude changes noticeably in response to this.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Whoa. Relax Mister C. Out is
dialog: way. OK?
text: Mo leads Cy off. Cy is suddenly more wary of him.
text: They walk in silence a moment. The uneven squeak.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Look I don't want you to mind
dialog: me talking to you and all. I'm
dialog: just being friendly: one pro
dialog: to another. (beat) Come on man.
dialog: Don't go believing this is
dialog: my shit, because it ain't.
dialog: Acting's my shit just like
dialog: directing's yours. I was born
dialog: to it ­ know what I mean?
dialog: I knew you'd remember. Cy ­
dialog: that's it! Cy. Mo.
text: He offers his hand to shake. Cy takes it very grudgingly. They
text: shake hands. Cy fully takes in Mo's physical size and power.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Well that's better. No need
dialog: for hostility between pros.
text: Mo lets go of Cy's hand. Cy is relieved. They walk on.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: (looking around for exit)
dialog: How hard can this be?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: (as Cy speaks, above)
dialog: Pros or ho's ­ know what I'm
dialog: saying.
text: Mo laughs. It's a strange sound.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: What's on the video? None of
dialog: my biz, I know; but I'm curious.
dialog: 26 | P a g e
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: If you must know, it's a show-
dialog: reel. An old one.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Yup. Got the old bit. (looks
dialog: at the VHS. Old) Wow. (laughs)
dialog: Ain't you got one online?
dialog: Mine's online.
text: They round a corner. Cy twigs they're back where they started.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: Right. Get us the fuck out of
dialog: here or I'm going to . . .
text: Cy reaches for his mobile phone. He goes to dial, but Mo
speaker_heading: SMASHES
text: it out of his hand. It hits the floor and breaks.
scene_heading: 2.35 EXT. STORAGE DEPOT ­ DAY, SAME TIME
text: People coming and going and cars and lorries and the city
text: skyline. Nothing out of the ordinary. The way things are.
scene_heading: 2.36 INT. STORAGE DEPOT ­ DAY, SAME TIME
text: Cy stares at his smashed phone, at Mo. Mo's face is a mask.
text: The mask eventually moves. Confusion hits Mo's face. It's as
text: if another part of him did that, a part he can't control.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Look sorry about that dude, but
dialog: you need to let me know. That's
dialog: my simple question: what happened.
text: Panic starts to show itself in Cy's face. Deep down.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: The audition. I didn't get the
dialog: job.
text: Mo shifts his weight from his right foot to his left.
text: Cy glances around, at his smashed phone on the floor.
dialog: 27 | P a g e
text: He looks up, sees CCTV cameras. He stoops down to pick up the
text: parts of his broken phone. He finds the SIM card, pockets it.
text: There's something pathetic about the way he stoops.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: (eventually)
dialog: Seriously. The Silver thing.
text: Cy stands, meets Mo's gaze full on for the first time, really.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: Look I don't know. Actors ­
dialog: we would have seen dozens. I
dialog: mean it was a long time ago.
dialog: I don't know what you mean
dialog: `what happened'.
text: Mo just looks at him. Unsettling.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: If you didn't get it, you didn't
dialog: get it. It's the - (nervous laugh)
dialog: - it's the way of the world, no?
text: Mo just looks at him. A door opens and closes somewhere.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: This is ridiculous.
text: Cy sets off on his own walking again. He's had enough.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: I know how good you are.
text: Cy stops, turns. What?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: I know your true potential.
dialog: I know your talent doesn't
dialog: belong packed up in here. Your
dialog: greatness. And you've failed.
text: Cy swallows air.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: You don't think I know how you
dialog: (more)
dialog: 28 | P a g e
dialog: (cont'd)
dialog: feel. I feel it. In here. I
dialog: feel failure in here every day
dialog: and every fourth Sunday. I feel
text: like brilliance left to rot,
dialog: too. That's how you feel ­ no?
dialog: You feel it when it wakes you
dialog: to tap on your shoulder and
dialog: say `this is what you could
dialog: have been, this is what you are'
dialog: Storage boxes? What happened?
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: What the fuck business is it . . .
dialog: If I held an audition you failed
dialog: four or five years ago I'm sorry.
dialog: If you're working in here not
dialog: up in lights, I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: You're sorry for yourself.
dialog: That's in your face.
text: Cy pulls himself together.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: This is fucking absurd. (of
dialog: his broken phone) Criminal
dialog: damage. Threatening behaviour.
text: Cy starts off walking again. Endless rows. Junctions.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Cy ­ we're done here, seriously.
dialog: Then I'll sign you out. You can
dialog: ask about the mobile phone you
dialog: dropped; but I doubt you can
dialog: claim it on us. Just tell me
dialog: why you're all stored up in here.
dialog: Then . . .
text: He gestures then they're out of here.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: Mo, isn't it? What does that
dialog: mean ­ `Mo'? In any event I can
dialog: promise you repercussions. I
dialog: don't care what you think of me.
dialog: I won't be treated like this.
dialog: 29 | P a g e
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Brave Mister Caudwell. Genius.
dialog: Solid citizen I don't think. Just
dialog: need to know what you're doing.
dialog: Then that's the end of it all.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: My landlord asked me to move out.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Couldn't pay your rent. Why
dialog: don't you just say that.
dialog: I couldn't pay my rent, Mo.
dialog: That's fine. It's called la
dialog: crunch du credit. And here we are.
text: Cy swallows, waits, looks for CCTV cameras.
text: Mo shifts his weight from his right foot to his left. In that
text: single moment Cy knows he's in a situation he can't control.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: We're almost, nearly, seriously
dialog: out of here, Mister Caudwell.
text: Some strip-lights turn off way down the warehouse.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: On timers ­ saves power. You
dialog: must know. Auto-ma-tic.
text: Cy glances at his watch.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Time to go home, Cy. My only
dialog: ask is this. And you don't
dialog: have to say yes, say anything.
dialog: All I ask is we do it again.
text: Cy looks at him. Do what again?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: (strange laugh)
dialog: I know. I know it sounds strange.
dialog: Bit silly even. But if you just
dialog: let me run the thing again,
dialog: this time I'll nail it ­ swear.
dialog: 30 | P a g e
text: More strip lights turn themselves out. Darkness builds.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: (of the VHS in Cy's hand)
dialog: I mean. On a fucking VHS video
dialog: cassette. Where's Noah when you
dialog: need him?
text: He laughs. It sounds bizarre in the infinity of the depot.
text: Mo's suddenly killing himself laughing. Crying with it.
text: Cy starts to RUN.
text: Lightning fast, Mo intercepts him, grabs him, pulls him down.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Let's run this again from the
dialog: top, Cy.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: You'll go down for this. I
dialog: absolutely swear. I'll report
dialog: this to the police, your
dialog: superiors. This is fucking . . .
text: Mo HITS him. Not a killer blow, but enough to shut him up.
scene_heading: 2.37 EXT. STORAGE DEPOT ­ DAY, SAME TIME
text: People coming and going and cars and lorries and the city
text: skyline. Nothing out of the ordinary. The way things are.
scene_heading: 2.38 INT. STORAGE DEPOT ­ DAY, SAME TIME
text: Mo leads/drags Cy towards a half empty storage area ­ 222.
text: Holding Cy, Mo unlocks 222 and pushes Cy inside.
text: Mo locks the door behind them.
text: It's dark, and to Cy feels like a cage.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: You think you can actually
dialog: DO THIS?! What the fuck. . .
text: Cy screams `Help'. No response.
text: Mo looks around. He pulls up a box on one side, and sets an
text: old chair opposite it on the other side of the caged area.
dialog: 31 | P a g e
text: Cy throws himself at the door, heaves at it.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: What the fuck, sunshine. Equity
dialog: subscriptions lapsing are they?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Cy, seriously, man who directed
dialog: nothing: let's just get this
dialog: right. Then we can get on
dialog: with things. You can go back
dialog: your self-loathing and I
dialog: can continue my rounds.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: What!? Screw you. (loud, to
dialog: anyone again for help) FUCK YOU!
text: Mo smashes his fist into Cy's face.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: What the fuck is the matter
dialog: with you? Jesus Christ!
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Jesus not in here, bro. Christ
text: a nipple sucked by mugs. One
dialog: born every minute, tick tock.
text: Mo flicks his keys around in circles. Shock grips Cy's throat.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: OK. So what's the brief?
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: What's the scenario? Set the
dialog: scene for me. Point me in the
dialog: right direction. Even Brando
dialog: needed goalposts.
text: Cy looks around for escape. A phone rings, somewhere OS.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: Help. HELP!
text: The phone stops ringing. A silent vastness of industrial dark.
dialog: 32 | P a g e
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: No sweat, Doll. Just relax.
dialog: This place is damn big. And
dialog: you're talking to the big expert
dialog: here. (shows Cy his shoes) Gotta
dialog: do a circuit every hour. (beat)
dialog: We gonna just do this thing,
dialog: then it's home free. OK? Relax.
text: Cy tries to slow his breathing down, get a grip.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: That's it old fella. Get sorted
dialog: out. In and out. Let it all
dialog: be cool.
text: Cy's breathing in the dark. Mo's keys. No way out.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: You'll be missed.
text: He jerks his head. He means the office ­ colleagues.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Well not really Mister De Mille.
dialog: It's just me and Doll today.
dialog: Cutbacks. Don't ya love them?
text: Cy tries the door again, but it's half-hearted.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Set me straight, mister director!
text: Mo stands, suddenly, and comes over to Cy quickly. He grabs
text: him by the hair and forces him to sit down on the old chair.
speaker_heading: MO
text: The director's chair.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: What the fuck do you want?
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: You know what I want. Just like
dialog: you: another chance. Audition
dialog: me again, you fucking VHS crumb.
dialog: Give me my brief. Motivation,
dialog: reality ­ the whole bit. Go.
text: Mo sits down opposite Cy on the box. He waits.
dialog: 33 | P a g e
text: Cy stares at him. This is insane. But he has no choice.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: Do what you want, wanker.
text: Mo immediately gets up, starts beating him to pulp.
scene_heading: 2.39 INT. THE WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: Row after row of caged storage areas. Industrial vastness.
text: No hint of violence. No sign of anything wrong.
scene_heading: 2.40 INT. THE BOX - DAY
text: This is where Mo should be: his security vantage point. A
text: crappy chair, a crappy desk, and CCTV monitors staring.
scene_heading: 2.41 INT. STORAGE DEPOT ­ AREA 222 - DAY
text: His hands shaking and panting from the exertion, Mo
text: photographs Cy with his phone. Cy is beaten to a pulp.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: You'll do time. Fucking acting.
dialog: You'll go down. I'll see to it.
dialog: Think you can fucking do this.
text: Mo applies lipstick, mascara and powder to his face. Lovely.
text: Then Mo sits down. Calm. Audition time.
text: Cy almost sobs. He spits blood.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Again. The scenario, please Cy.
dialog: Who am I? What do I want?
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: OK crackerjack. Let's play.
dialog: You're a fucked up wannabe
dialog: actor who never was and never
dialog: will be who works as a security
text: guard in a domestic storage depot.
dialog: Like most people you can't
dialog: handle rejection, but I mean
dialog: you really can't handle it ­
dialog: really I mean. It's just . . .
text: Lightning fast, Mo is on him, beating him shitless.
dialog: 34 | P a g e
scene_heading: 2.42 INT. THE WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: Dolores hums Gladys Knight and The Pips as she walks down a
text: cheaply carpeted corridor in the admin area of the building.
scene_heading: 2.43 INT. STORAGE DEPOT ­ AREA 222 - DAY
text: Cy collapses under the onslaught of Mo's fists. Mo grimaces at
text: his damaged knuckles. He hauls Cy back onto the box.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Good dog. Now. . .
text: He indicates his readiness again, and waits.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: That wasn't the character I read
dialog: for, the last one I mean. My
dialog: agent told me a soccer player
dialog: who is afraid to tell his team-
dialog: mates of his homosexuality.
text: He turns to his manager for
dialog: help, for answers to his
text: dilemma; but in the face of
dialog: this, of this outrage, the
dialog: manager who has been like a
dialog: surrogate father to him for
text: years now turns against him,
dialog: disgusted that the boy he
dialog: believed in turned out to
dialog: be a lamentable sausage jockey.
dialog: Am I right?
text: Cy is too smashed and bloody and ruined to do more than grunt.
text: But something catches his eye; in the filthy gloom he sees a
text: WHITE feather lying on the ground in the corner of 222.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: I'm right, man. That was the
dialog: scenario wasn't it. The Silver
dialog: thing I auditioned for that
dialog: you turned me down for. Wrong.
dialog: Ignored me for. Like the loser
dialog: I was. Wrong. The winner is
dialog: here. In front of you. So. . .
text: He smiles and waits for Cy to look at him to audition him.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Make like a camera.
dialog: 35 | P a g e
text: At first Cy doesn't understand, but then he slowly,
text: agonisingly raises his hands up and mimes rolling a camera.
speaker_heading: MO
text: Noises.
text: It's hard for Cy to make the sound of a camera rolling.
scene_heading: 2.44 INT. THE WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: Dolores sits down at her desk. Gladys Knight and The Pips.
scene_heading: 2.45 INT. STORAGE DEPOT ­ AREA 222 - DAY
text: Cy mimes cranking a camera and makes camera noises. He glances
text: over to where the white feather was but now he can't see it.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Without a script this time,
dialog: note. Ad-libbing, free wheeling
dialog: improvisazione, herr director!
text: Mo looks into the `camera' and lives the role he's playing.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: (in character)
dialog: All my life. Imagine living
dialog: a lie ­ forever. Not just the
dialog: lies everybody lives day to
dialog: day to get by, play the game;
dialog: but one big lie that stretches
dialog: from beginning to end: a truth
dialog: so hideous that it could be
dialog: called ordinary. A verity of
dialog: the genes, of psychology.
dialog: And then imagine the one
dialog: person the liar could turn to
dialog: turning away, so that the liar
dialog: was left with nothing but the
dialog: lie. Imagine exploding with
dialog: the desire to be what you
dialog: are, to be real, and to be
dialog: accepted for what you are,
dialog: perhaps even loved. Not loved
dialog: with money for playing games,
dialog: but loved with respect for
dialog: having the strength to stand
dialog: apart. Imagine that. But the
dialog: works of the imagination must
dialog: cede to that we call reality.
dialog: (more)
dialog: 36 | P a g e
dialog: (cont'd)
dialog: And here we are, you choosing
dialog: the side of the mob and me
text: left outside in the cold. Well
dialog: I've got news for you, turncoat:
dialog: I don't fucking care. I've got
text: the future. TTFN, blood. TT forever.
text: Mo ends the performance in tears. It's brilliant.
text: Cy continues to crank the `camera' and make camera noises.
text: Eventually Mo gets up and stops him with uncommon gentleness.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: Cy. Director. Really.
text: He crouches down beside Cy, smooths his hair.
speaker_heading: MO
dialog: So, how was I? How was it?
text: It's agony, but eventually Cy manages to speak.
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: You did it. You got the job.
text: Mo stands, smiles, basking in his moment of glory.
text: This is his prize. This is his moment. But his face darkens.
speaker_heading: MO
speaker_heading: LIAR!
text: Mo starts to beat Cy gain, but this time he kicks him too. He
text: goes berserk, throwing Cy around like a rag doll, pulping him.
scene_heading: 2.46 INT. THE BOX - DAY
text: Dolores enters.
speaker_heading: DOLORES
dialog: Cuppa, Mo? Mo?
text: The room is empty. She approaches Mo's desk. She doesn't even
text: glance at the bottle of prescription pills, on which the word
text: `suppression' is just visible. She glances at the CCTV
text: screens. Nothing. She presses a button, bringing up the
text: display from another CCTV. She sees the grainy, monochrome
text: image of Cy's pulped face being smashed against the bars of
text: 222. As she gasps in horrified reaction and grabs the phone
dialog: 37 | P a g e
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 2.47 EXT. STORAGE DEPOT ­ DAY, SAME TIME
text: People coming and going and cars and lorries and the city
text: skyline. Nothing out of the ordinary. The way things are.
dialog: Very slowly, gradually, we
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK
dialog: 38 | P a g e
dialog: Story #3
speaker_heading: BLACK
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: `Crackerjack'
scene_heading: 3.48 EXT. LONDON E3 - EVENING
text: Footsteps and breathing: the SOUNDS of a young man running for
text: his life. The staccato pounding of his feet becomes a mantra
text: that builds until it develops a life of its own, and a surreal
text: edge. It becomes a ghostly, dreamlike sound ­ evil perhaps.
text: The running footsteps suddenly stop. The breathing continues.
speaker_heading: JADEN VO
dialog: (between breaths)
dialog: Aight ­ am done runnin'.
dialog: Do what ya gotta do.
dialog: Beat, then
speaker_heading: FADE IN ON
scene_heading: 3.49 INT. COUNCIL HOUSE ­ EVENING
text: AUSTEN (12) plays Skyrim on a brand new Mac PowerBook. The hi-
text: tech, futuristic sheen of the Apple is utterly at odds with
text: the room Austen is in: money seems to be in short supply here.
text: Austen is a cut and paste hoodie: a white boy going nowhere.
text: JADEN (18, white) enters. Lean and strong, Jaden is savvy ­
text: but drugs have left their mark on his face and in his eyes.
speaker_heading: JADEN
dialog: What the fuck, my fam . . .
text: He grabs the Mac from Austen. They push and pull for it.
speaker_heading: AUSTEN
dialog: No way! Fuck off now, brah!
text: Jaden whacks Austen around the head ­ light, but hard enough
text: to break his grip. Jaden puts the computer to one side; the
text: way he handles it suggests that replacing it would be a synch.
text: Austen attacks him, but Jaden restrains him.
dialog: 39 | P a g e
speaker_heading: JADEN
dialog: You got homework. Do the work.
speaker_heading: AUSTEN
dialog: Fuck that. Gimme . . !
text: Austen makes for the Mac again, but Jaden restrains him.
text: They fight a moment, but it's futile: Austen pulls back,
text: humiliated and outraged. He kisses his teeth and birds.
speaker_heading: JADEN
dialog: Don't be doin' that fam. It's
dialog: all wrong. You ain't black yet.
speaker_heading: AUSTEN
dialog: Yeah? Well ain't you my brah.
speaker_heading: JADEN
dialog: I am your brah. No force gonna
dialog: make me otherwise. Homework.
text: Austen switches the TV on, turns it up LOUD.
speaker_heading: AUSTEN
dialog: Fuck the homework. Fuck school. . .
speaker_heading: JADEN
dialog: Fuck ya future. Smart.
text: Jaden switches the TV off. Austen squares up to him. A beat
text: between him, then Austen backs down: Jaden is way too big.
speaker_heading: AUSTEN
dialog: Yeah well.
speaker_heading: JADEN
dialog: Yeah well. It all goes on the
dialog: (taps his head) tab, right. Save
dialog: it up for a rainy one. Then I
dialog: get mine, right? Well I got
dialog: mine, brah, an' you don't never
dialog: want it ­ swear.
text: Austen storms out of the room.
speaker_heading: AUSTEN
dialog: Gonna get my own, white boy. See.
speaker_heading: JADEN
dialog: Home fuckin' work. Now!
dialog: 40 | P a g e
text: Austen is now out of the room in the hallway beyond.
speaker_heading: AUSTEN OS
dialog: You ain't my dad, fam. My dad
dialog: ain't my dad.
text: The sound of the front door opening and slamming shut, OS.
text: Jaden curses, thinks. Jaden is always thinking.
text: He exits suddenly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 3.50 EXT. LONDON E3 ­ EVENING
text: Hood up, Jaden walks fast. It's dark already, and cold.
text: Jaden speeds up. He feels the reassuring bulge in his belt at
text: the base of his spine. He does this often, by habit.
text: He gets a text. He checks the message. Doesn't reply.
text: A police car cruises. Jaden doesn't react to it, but he does
text: so in a way that suggests that this is a measured response.
text: He grabs his phone, hits some keys. Someone picks up.
speaker_heading: JADEN
dialog: (into his phone)
dialog: Where you at fam? Nah. Nah. My
dialog: brah ­ comin' atcha somewhere
dialog: near? Yeah. See him? When?
dialog: Owe ya back, boy. Easy now.
text: He kills the call, stows his mobile.
text: A car slows near him and stops at traffic lights. Jaden's
text: attention is drawn by a WHITE feather on the back window
text: shelf. A shadow crosses Jaden's face. The car pulls away.
text: He approaches a group of young male hoodies smoking and
text: texting outside a corner store. They greet with touched fists.
text: Jaden talks with a few of them, and then walks on. It's clear
text: that he has their respect, though they show it very subtly.
scene_heading: 3.51 EXT. NEAR-BY
text: Cool and calm, Austen pockets a wad of cash. The youth he's
text: with stuffs something in his jacket pocket. They touch fists.
dialog: 41 | P a g e
text: Austen goes on his way. He feels like a proper man. He walks.
text: He sees Jaden way ahead. Jaden sees him, starts running.
text: Austen runs. The streets blur around him into a narrative of
text: his life: the urban landscape dancing to the beat of his feet.
dialog: Runs, runs, runs
dialog: Jaden and Austen
text: They sprint the streets, the alleys, the music, and then
text: Jaden catches him and
speaker_heading: GRABS HIM
text: ON Austen's snarl, FREEZE FRAME and
scene_heading: 3.52 INT. E3 COUNCIL HOUSE ­ EVENING
text: In the kitchen-diner: Jaden, Austen and their dad: PAUL (50s).
text: Paul says a prayer before they eat their corner shop meal.
text: Jaden's hands are together in respect for Paul. Austen
text: deliberately pays no attention to the ritual at all.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: . . . for this gift of daily
dialog: bread we thank thee oh Lord. . .
text: Jaden throws Austen a look. Mean and fierce. And now suddenly
text: we see what he's capable of. Fear overcomes Austen's
text: arrogance. He puts his hands together and closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: . . . and for the gift of these
dialog: fine sons I thank thee oh Lord. . .
text: The crucifix on the wall. Christ's tormented face in the cheap
text: shadows of this dull, crappy kitchen. It's all Paul has.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: . . . beseech thee to look down
dialog: on them and protect them with
dialog: thy everlasting mercy . . .
text: Seeing Jaden's eyes now closed in prayer for Pauls' sake
text: Austen can't resist feeling the wad of new cash in his pocket.
dialog: 42 | P a g e
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: Thanks be to God. Amen.
text: The boys join him in `Amen' ­ Jaden properly; Austen barely.
text: They begin to eat their corner shop meal.
text: Austen sees a shadow cross Jaden's face as Jaden remembers
scene_heading: 3.53 INT. E3 HOUSE ­ NIGHT
text: In washed-out, high grain:
text: Jaden necks and smooches with a black girl called LYCIA.
text: Around them the party pops: drugs and big bass and wannabe
text: cool young kids getting into each other or off on each other.
text: Lycia smiles and laughs and love the attention, but
text: A young black guy ­ J.C. ­ looks death at her, his girl, then
text: at Jaden, who meets the challenge of the alpha competition.
text: Jaden feels the bulge in his belt at the base of his spine.
scene_heading: 3.54 INT. E3 COUNCIL HOUSE ­ EVENING, LATER
text: The meal over, Jaden does the dishes. Paul sits at the table.
text: Austen playing Skyrim in the next room is audible.
text: Paul breaks down in a fit of coughing.
text: Christ watches on.
speaker_heading: JADEN
dialog: Fuck.
text: Jaden suddenly leaves the sink and goes into the
scene_heading: 3.55 INT. LIVING ROOM - EVENING
text: Jaden grabs the Mac off Austen again. This time Austen cowers.
scene_heading: 3.56 INT. KITCHEN - EVENING
text: Paul lights a cigarette. A moment's pleasure. He slips into
text: what might be a reverie, or just exhaustion. ON PAUL, hearing
dialog: this as Paul might - given his dislocated state of mind:
dialog: 43 | P a g e
speaker_heading: JADEN OS
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Get with the fuckin' homework,
dialog: swear . . . Told ya before get on
dialog: with it . . . (calmer) One life,
dialog: one chance, my fam . . . I help ya,
dialog: no sweat . . . (angry again)
dialog: Just get with it, ya little . . .
text: The sound of a punch, perhaps.
text: Paul flinches. He looks to Christ. Christ is tormented.
scene_heading: 3.57 INT. E3 COUNCIL HOUSE ­ EVENING, LATER
text: Jaden lifts up a floorboard in his bedroom. He looks at his
text: stash of pills, rocks and a pipe. Half the rocks are missing.
scene_heading: 3.58 INT. AUSTEN'S ROOM - EVENING
text: Jaden bursts in, but quietly. His silence doesn't diminish the
text: power of his intent. Scared, Austen's looks up at him suddenly
text: from his bed, where he plays Call of Duty on a TV console.
speaker_heading: JADEN
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: What the fuck, brah. Who been at
dialog: my stash ­ any thoughts? Or
dialog: thoughts nowhere near that
text: tiny size brain (raps on Austen's
dialog: head with his knuckles)? No one
dialog: messes with my stash ­ no
dialog: matter who ­ hear? Ain't no
dialog: brah of mine gonna sink to
dialog: stealing and dealin' like some
dialog: stinkin' hood rat skunk jus'
dialog: to prove his manhood ­ readin'?
dialog: I's fuckin' me and you got
dialog: destiny, swear. Don't look
dialog: to me. Don't like me. Don't
dialog: follow me, don't run from me,
dialog: don't watch me: just get wiv'
dialog: the school shit and grow up
dialog: like the old man wants ­ hear?
text: The potency of Jaden's emotion and words shocks Austen; but
text: now Austen shows nothing but the pride and power he admires.
text: Austen reaches into his jacket pocket on the chair by his bed.
dialog: 44 | P a g e
speaker_heading: AUSTEN
dialog: Take the money, brah ­ just . . .
text: Jaden stops him.
speaker_heading: JADEN
dialog: Keep it. Buy books ­ study:
dialog: something. Buy the old man a
dialog: prezzie. If you ever do it again. . .
text: Austen nods reluctantly. He leaves the money where it is.
text: Jaden exits the room.
scene_heading: 3.59 INT. PAUL'S ROOM - EVENING
text: Later, a knock on Paul's door. No response. Jaden pushes the
text: door open a crack, revealing Paul lost and alone on his bed in
text: a tiny sliver of light among infinite council house darkness.
text: Seen like this, the marks life has left on Paul are obvious.
speaker_heading: JADEN
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Goin' out dad ­ OK?
text: Paul just frowns. He seems too tired to speak. He expresses
dialog: `come back safely' in a way that is very hard to bear.
text: Jaden enters the room. He tucks his old man up in bed safe.
text: Then he leaves the room quietly and pulls the door shut safe.
text: He goes downstairs and exits the house quietly.
text: The ceramic Christ on the Cross in the hallway is silent.
scene_heading: 3.60 EXT. E3 ­ EVENING
text: Jaden walks. He is assured and cool. This is his stage.
text: He feels the bulge in his belt at the base of his spine.
text: He gets a text. He checks the message, likes it. He replies.
text: He greets a group of other hoodies with small talk and fists.
text: Done, he moves on down another street. He has goods to sell.
text: He takes a call, makes another, texts and talks. Smooth.
dialog: 45 | P a g e
dialog: A BMW
text: Swerves near him, splashing him with headlights.
text: Jaden looks, sees faces he doesn't want to see.
text: He speeds up and then runs down a side street.
text: The BMW follows. Now Jaden
dialog: Runs, runs, runs
dialog: This is our first scene over again.
text: The streets blur around him into a narrative of his life: the
text: urban landscape dancing to the beat of his feet. But
text: Jaden wasn't born to run. Dodging up an alley he slows, turns.
text: The BMW doors open. Three men get out, follow him.
text: The glint and sound of shanks being drawn, ready.
text: Breathing hard but measured, Paul turns and faces them: a big
text: black guy, an ugly white guy and a tall Chinese guy.
text: Jaden feels the bulge in his belt at the base of his spine.
speaker_heading: JADEN
dialog: (between breaths)
dialog: Aight ­ am done runnin'.
dialog: Do what ya gotta do.
text: The big black guy comes at him with the shank. It's J.C. ­ the
text: hood from the party. The other guys back him up.
dialog: J.C.
dialog: An' all dis for a three oh four.
dialog: (kisses his teeth) You could
dialog: had her anyways if you'd asked
dialog: me nice fam, swear.
text: J.C. lunges at Jaden. His shank cuts Jaden mid torso. The
text: other guys follow up, their blades flashing, searching.
text: Jaden withdraws the bulge at the base of his spine. His gun.
text: BOOM ­ his gun speaks - he shoots J.C. dead.
speaker_heading: BOOM, BOOM
dialog: 46 | P a g e
text: The gun speaks to the other two guys, killing China outright
text: and wounding the white guy badly. White guy falls, screaming.
speaker_heading: JADEN
dialog: Shut the fuck . . .
text: He kneels over white, tries to stop him screaming. But he
speaker_heading: SCREAMS
text: over and over - blood pouring from his punctured chest.
speaker_heading: JADEN
text: Looks around, desperate for him to stop it. Already
speaker_heading: THE STREETS
text: around him are changing ­ as if they are turning to look but
speaker_heading: WHITE GUY
text: Screams and grabs at his bleeding chest. His wild eyes beg.
speaker_heading: JADEN
text: Begins to fold, to lose it as reality comes rushing in and he
speaker_heading: SHOOTS
text: White guy dead. Shuts up. Silent streets. Then after forever
speaker_heading: SIRENS
text: Grow out of the darkness.
text: Jaden throws his gun away instinctively. Incrimination. He
text: starts to run. Changes his mind. Turns and picks the gun up.
text: Sirens seem to haunt the city. And now Jaden
speaker_heading: RUNS
text: So that the city is just lights and people and cars and noise
text: and people and darkness and people and there, amongst them
speaker_heading: AUSTEN
dialog: Watching him, his brother and his idol. So now we
text: CUT TO BLACK
dialog: 47 | P a g e
scene_heading: 3.61 INT. / EXT. IMAGES, STROBE FAST:
text: Jaden crouches down in the darkness, blood on his hands, blood
text: on his shirt, blood on his cut torso, blood on his soul.
text: Jaden stashes his gun in a cloth under the floorboards.
text: Jaden is tormented by what he's done. Self-loathing.
text: J.C. and the other dead guys ­ a bloodbath. Sirens growing.
text: Jaden throws up on a street corner.
text: Jaden tucks his old man up in bed safe.
dialog: All the time
text: Austen seems to be watching, learning, admiring. Idolising.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 3.62 INT. E3 COUNCIL HOUSE ­ EVENING
text: In the kitchen-diner: Jaden, Austen and Paul.
text: Paul says a prayer before they eat their corner shop meal.
text: Austen looks at the crappy bandages around Jaden's torso.
text: Jaden's hands are together in respect for Paul. Austen prays,
text: but is now confused. He's scared, but totally in awe of Jaden.
speaker_heading: PAUL
dialog: . . . for this gift of daily
dialog: bread we thank thee oh Lord. . .
text: Jaden looks around his praying hands at Austen.
text: It's a look that Austen will never, ever forget.
scene_heading: 3.63 INT. E3 COUNCIL HOUSE ­ LATER, EVENING
text: The Mac in the sitting room sits unused.
scene_heading: 3.64 INT. E3 COUNCIL HOUSE ­ EVENING
text: The games console in Austen's bedroom sits unused.
scene_heading: 3.65 INT. JADEN's ROOM - EVENING
text: Jaden winces with the agony in his cut bloody torso.
dialog: 48 | P a g e
scene_heading: 3.66 INT. LIVING ROOM - EVENING
text: Christ stares unseeing in his ceramic torment in the kitchen.
scene_heading: 3.67 EXT. E3 ­ DAY
text: Austen walks home from school. Kids look at him.
text: Something has changed.
scene_heading: 3.68 INT. E3 COUNCIL HOUSE ­ SHOWER - EVENING
text: Blood runs down the plug hole in the dirty bath.
scene_heading: 3.69 INT. THE HALLWAY - EVENING
text: Austen hears the sound of the shower running. He enters
scene_heading: 3.70 INT. JADEN'S BEDROOM - EVENING
text: He tiptoes to the floorboards near Jaden's bed.
text: He very cautiously levers a floorboard up. Crystals, pills,
dialog: pipes, weed ­ but much more than before. But not what he wants
text: to see. So Austen puts the floorboard back. He goes to the
text: door, listens again. The shower still runs. He tiptoes back to
text: Jaden's bed, looks around. He lifts up Jaden's pillow.
speaker_heading: THE GUN
text: Sits there ­ sleek and cool and mighty and everything.
text: Slowly, daring himself, Austen goes to TOUCH IT. His fingers
text: linger on the smooth, cool, imperious steel. Austen is a God.
scene_heading: 3.71 INT. E3 HOUSE ­ NIGHT
text: Jaden and Lycia make love. Slow and perfectly tender, and then
text: hard and porn. On and on. Bodies twisting in their search for
text: each other. They come - Jaden's body arching in torment.
speaker_heading: LATER
text: Lycia cradles his head on her breasts. His breathing is
text: uneven, but then it evens out and slowly becomes calm.
text: She looks at his bandaged torso. She is afraid.
dialog: 49 | P a g e
scene_heading: 3.72 EXT. E3 ­ NIGHT
text: Jaden walks the streets. Hoods look at and greet him in a
text: different way. Respect, but this is a dead man walking.
scene_heading: 3.73 INT. / EXT. GOLF GTI/E3 ­ DAY
text: Jaden drives Austen, who is in his school uniform. His hands
text: up on the wheel, the dragon tat on Jaden's arm is visible.
text: To Austen, Jaden looks a little pale, a little ill.
text: They see a cop car. Another passes them coming the other way.
speaker_heading: AUSTEN
dialog: Five oh everywhere. Wot's poppin?
speaker_heading: JADEN
dialog: Police. They're called police.
speaker_heading: AUSTEN
dialog: Bacon fryin' for breakfast.
text: Jaden throws him a look.
text: Their shared secret dominates their every breath.
speaker_heading: AUSTEN
dialog: Wot's poppin with the pussy, fam?
speaker_heading: JADEN
dialog: Jesus fucking Christ. You mean
dialog: how's the young lady in your
dialog: life, my blood? Since when
dialog: the fuck you become some kind
dialog: of born again reggin?
speaker_heading: AUSTEN
dialog: I wonder if you should mind
dialog: you language in front of your
dialog: baby brah, blood.
speaker_heading: JADEN
dialog: I say blood, you say blood. I
dialog: say brah, you say brah. I say. . .
speaker_heading: AUSTEN
dialog: Potato, potarto, tomato, tomarto.
text: They drive a while. Then Jaden sees that Austen's hair 100%
text: exactly matches his own in terms of its length and styling.
dialog: 50 | P a g e
speaker_heading: JADEN
dialog: You get your hair cut?
speaker_heading: AUSTEN
dialog: And?
text: They approach the school.
text: Austen glances at Jaden's torso and then gets out of the car.
speaker_heading: JADEN
dialog: Brah? You turn into me and
dialog: I'll kill you - hear?
text: Austen looks at him. Tears well up in his eyes. He nods.
text: Emotionless, Jaden closes the car door and drives off.
text: On the pavement, Austen watches him go.
scene_heading: 3.74 INT. E3 COUNCIL HOUSE ­ NIGHT
text: By torchlight under his duvet, Austen draws a `tat' on his
text: forearm with a biro that matches Jaden's real tat perfectly.
scene_heading: 3.75 INT. JADEN'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Smoking a bong and drinking, his headphones on and the music
text: cranked high, Jaden fights an inner battle he can never win.
text: He looks at his gun on his bedside table. A thing of new evil.
text: Septic, the wound in his torso is draining him of life.
scene_heading: 3.76 INT. CHURCH ­ DAY
text: Jaden and Austen kneel beside Paul in prayer. Except that
text: Jaden only kneels on one knee and Austen on neither; and
text: neither of them are really praying. Beside them Paul prays
text: with worshipers in the congregation of a dozen or so.
text: Jaden's hoodie hood is down out of respect. Austen has his
text: hoodie hood up. Jaden pulls it down. Austen throws him a look,
text: kisses his tongue. Jaden's eyes darken. Austen relents.
text: Jaden looks over, sees a man who seems wrong in here. He
text: twigs: plain clothes COP. Cops don't pray and this one is.
dialog: 51 | P a g e
scene_heading: 3.77 EXT. E3 ­ NIGHT
text: Jaden sprints flat out through the people, cars, and lights.
text: At this speed his footsteps are barely a fluttering staccato.
dialog: He won't make it.
scene_heading: 3.78 INT. E3 HOUSE ­ NIGHT
text: Lycia cowers in a corner. Three masked guys stand over her.
text: One has the shank pointing at her, accusing, hating her. This
text: guy is familiar. Broad, black, athletic, he is similar to J.C.
text: His name is LINDEN (30). He is J.C.'s brother.
speaker_heading: FLASHBACK
scene_heading: 3.79 INT. E3 HOUSE ­ NIGHT
text: J.C. looks death at Lycia, his girl, and then at Jaden, who
text: meets the challenge of the alpha competition. With other hoods
text: beside and behind J.C. stands Linden. Brothers to the end.
text: Jaden feels the bulge in his belt at the base of his spine.
speaker_heading: BACK WITH
scene_heading: 3.80 INT. E3 HOUSE ­ CONTINUOUS
text: Linden pulls his mask off, stares hatred at Lycia.
speaker_heading: LINDEN
dialog: Go fuckin' my brah's enemy, ho.
dialog: My blood's white white enemy.
dialog: For you he's dead. Fuckin' . . .
text: Linden starts slicing her face up. On her SCREAMS
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 3.81 EXT. E3 ­ NIGHT
text: Jaden sprints flat out through the people, cars, and lights.
text: He rounds a corner in time to see Linden's car smoke away.
text: CUT TO BLACK
speaker_heading: UP ON
dialog: 52 | P a g e
scene_heading: 3.82 INT. HOSPITAL WARD ­ DAY
text: A CIRCLE OF LIGHT IN THAT BLACK
text: Lycia lies in a hospital bed. Her whole head is bandaged.
text: SOUNDS of a busy hospital ward around them ebb and die.
text: Jaden holds her hand. He weeps.
text: CUT TO BLACK. UP ON
scene_heading: 3.83 INT. E3 COUNCIL HOUSE ­ DAY
text: Paul brings tea into the living room for himself and the Cop
text: from the church. Austen stands uneasily near the door. In his
text: dress, haircut and demeanour he is a perfect model of Jaden.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: (to Paul)
dialog: Thank you Mister Mountjoy.
dialog: (to Austen) I don't want you
dialog: to feel pressured, Austen. You
dialog: haven't done anything, so relax.
text: Paul goes to Austen and puts an arm around his wonderful son.
text: The Cop sips the tea.
speaker_heading: COP (cont'd)
dialog: Oh thank you Mister Mountjoy.
dialog: My brand: Costmart's own!
dialog: (smiles, then, to Austen) All
dialog: I need to know is where your
text: brother Jaden is at the moment,
dialog: Austen. When was the last time
dialog: you saw him? You say he
dialog: normally lives here: where is
dialog: he now, today?
text: Confusion fills Austen's scared face. His dilemma is complete.
text: Silent in his agony, Christ watches on.
scene_heading: 3.84 INT. JADEN'S BEDROOM ­ NIGHT
text: Austen lifts up the stash floorboard. There is nothing there.
dialog: 53 | P a g e
scene_heading: 3.85 INT. THE BATHROOM ­ NIGHT
text: Austen takes a breath, then slices his torso in the same place
text: Jaden was cut. He winces. He hadn't expected it to hurt this
text: much. Blood flows down and out of the crappy bath plughole.
scene_heading: 3.86 INT. THE BATHROOM ­ LATER, NIGHT
text: Austen dabs at his new manhood wound, which won't stop
text: bleeding. There are mountains of bloody toilet roll on the
text: shelf and floor near him. On the toilet roll holder there is
text: no paper left. Austen looks at his new wound in the mirror.
text: He makes a gun of his hand and shoots himself in the mirror.
dialog: Cool.
scene_heading: 3.87 EXT. LYLE PARK, CANNING TOWN, LONDON ­ EVENING
text: Fugitive Jaden stands looking into the flowing river. He is
text: pale and gaunt and dirty. Austen stands behind him. He looks
text: exactly how Jaden used to look. And his torso is bandaged.
text: Jaden squints at him.
speaker_heading: JADEN
dialog: Why you fuckin' grass me up.
dialog: Though you was my brah.
text: Austen thinks about it for a while.
speaker_heading: AUSTEN
dialog: I didn't tell the pigs. Just
dialog: (falters, then) . . . just
dialog: Hugo up school.
text: Traffic SOUNDS ebb and die. History flows down to the sea.
speaker_heading: AUSTEN
dialog: Told because I was proud of ya
dialog: brah. Massive proud.
text: Jaden looks at him. Proud of him? Fuck.
speaker_heading: AUSTEN
dialog: Couldn't help it.
text: Jaden has to hold on to the railings now.
speaker_heading: AUSTEN
dialog: What the pigs gonna do with ya?
dialog: 54 | P a g e
text: Jaden looks around him. Darkness is falling.
text: Austen produces a gun from the base of his spine. His gun.
speaker_heading: JADEN
dialog: Where the fuck . . ?
text: He stares at Austen's gun. Tears blur the evening.
text: He says it with his tears. This isn't going to happen to you.
speaker_heading: AUSTEN
dialog: Only way you're gonna stop me
dialog: turning into you is by killing
dialog: me, brah. Long one short.
text: Austen holds his arms out as if to say `this is what I am'.
text: Jaden reaches for the base of his spine.
text: Austen stands there waiting for Jaden's bullet.
text: Jaden takes his hand away from his gun.
text: Jaden mumbles something inaudible.
speaker_heading: AUSTEN
dialog: Say what brah? Too much . . .
text: He indicates his ears, that wanking makes you deaf, laughs.
speaker_heading: JADEN
dialog: (a mumble)
dialog: Said go home. Fix dad's tea.
dialog: I'll be there soon as. OK?
scene_heading: 3.88 EXT. ROYAL VICTORIA DOCK ­ NIGHT, LATER
text: Jaden stands there alone. It's getting cold.
speaker_heading: AUSTEN VO
dialog: (Jaden's memory)
dialog: Only way you're gonna stop me
dialog: turning into you is by killing
dialog: me, brah.
speaker_heading: JADEN
dialog: Got a better idea, baby blood.
text: Jaden pulls out his gun and shoots himself in the head. Dead.
dialog: 55 | P a g e
scene_heading: 3.89 INT. E3 COUNCIL HOUSE ­ EVENING
text: In the kitchen-diner: Austen and Paul at the table.
text: Paul says a prayer before they eat their corner shop meal.
text: Austen's hands are together in respect for Paul.
text: But Paul can't speak. Austen sees his tears, which escape from
text: behind the barrier of his cracked hands like eager jewels.
text: Austen gets up and hugs his father with all his life.
scene_heading: 3.90 INT. E3 COUNCIL HOUSE ­ EVENING
text: Not remotely resembling Jaden, Austen gets on with his
speaker_heading: HOMEWORK
text: SNAP CUT TO BLACK
dialog: 56 | P a g e
dialog: Story #4
speaker_heading: BLACK
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: `Mea Culpa'
dialog: Then:
speaker_heading: FADE IN ON
scene_heading: 4.91 INT. COUNTRY HOME ­ DAY
text: Apparently mild mannered URI (40s) writes on his desktop. He
text: is dressed like an accountant: conservative but efficient.
text: His blue stocking, home counties WIFE enters with a tray of
text: tea. She puts the tray down and passes Uri a cup of tea.
speaker_heading: WIFE
dialog: Won't be long.
text: Clicking off the Word Window on which he's working on his
text: computer quickly, he responds with a nondescript smile.
text: She kisses his forehead and exits the room.
text: Uri re-opens the Window on his computer. He looks out of the
text: window. Uri is living with something that can't be lived with.
text: He swigs from a bottle of JD that he retrieves from a drawer.
text: He turns back to the computer, reads what he's written.
speaker_heading: URI VO
dialog: But now the buck must stop.
dialog: Exculpation is no longer
dialog: an option. The state has
dialog: lied to you, Mrs Pentane, and
dialog: whatever the consequences, I
dialog: feel it my duty to put the
dialog: record straight. Why I feel
dialog: thus obliged will become
dialog: apparent should we meet. I
dialog: leave that up to you.
scene_heading: 4.92 INT. RESEARCH ROOM, FACILITY ­ DAY
text: Uri nods to moustachioed Thug#1, who is stretching as if he
text: has pulled a muscle. Shaved headed Thug#2 pulls a face.
dialog: 57 | P a g e
speaker_heading: THUG#2
dialog: Get some deep heat on it.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: If we're kindly ready, Mister Tyne.
text: Uri then goes back to reading his novel.
text: Thug#2 almost smiles ­ almost. Not a face made for smiling.
text: Thug#1 works out the tension in the pulled muscle. He then
speaker_heading: PUNCHES
text: NICHOLAS (30s) ­ a man tied naked to an old chair.
text: Nicholas is a mass of cuts, sores, burns and untreated wounds.
text: He is filthy and unshaven. He is delirious with agony.
text: Nicholas barely reacts to the blow ­ he's too far gone.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: (without looking up from his book)
dialog: Nicholas it's really so very
dialog: simple.
text: Nicholas tries to open a swollen bloodshot eye. He can't.
text: Uri nods to Thug#1 again; but now Thug#1 pulls his blood
text: soiled rubber gloves off. He goes to put a new pair on.
text: Uri puts his book down and pulls an exasperated face.
text: Thug#2 steps in, hungry for exercise.
text: Thug#2 starts to beat Nicholas up. He has the powerful, fluid
text: movements of a prize fighter. He treats this as a workout.
text: Thug#1 looks outraged, as if this is against union rules.
text: Thug#2 works Nicholas expertly, and with professional care.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: Alright, alright ­ thank you
dialog: Mister Karaczun. This is . . .
text: This is getting them nowhere. Uri looks at Nicholas' pulped
text: face ­ at the new damage that Thug#2 has done. Pointless.
text: Thug#2 stands back, waits.
dialog: 58 | P a g e
text: Uri stands, goes to a cabinet and pulls out a set of surgical
text: implements. He puts a pair of rubber sanitary gloves on. He
text: lays out the implements on a metal table beside Nicholas.
text: He goes to work.
scene_heading: 4.93 INT. ARTIST STUDIO ­ DAY
text: ELLE (30's) draws a female nude in white pastel on black
text: paper. The drawing is as exquisite as she is, if that's
dialog: possible. Elle is the kind of woman that men will do anything
dialog: for - the kind of unforgettable beauty you see very rarely.
text: Elle takes extreme care with the drawing. Her attention to it
text: and involvement with it is absolute. She is alone in the
text: studio, which contains other drawings and simple furnature.
text: The SOUNDS of Uri torturing Nicholas OVER are in extreme,
text: hideous contrast to the beauty of Elle and her drawings.
text: The contours of Elle's face and the fine lines and moments of
text: shade in her drawing. The sounds of unimaginable suffering.
text: Five minutes of drawing. Five minutes of Nicholas' screams.
text: Then the SOUND of Uri dropping an implement and cursing.
text: The Thugs mumbling.
text: CUT TO BLACK
text: A heart PULSE falters, and then stops.
text: An electrocardiograph flat line SOUND.
text: A beat, then
speaker_heading: UP ON
scene_heading: 4.94 INT. RESEARCH ROOM, FACILITY ­ DAY
text: Uri stands back. There is blood all over his rubber gloves and
text: some on his apron. He looks at Nicholas, feels his pulse.
text: Nicholas is dead.
scene_heading: 4.95 INT. BOARD ROOM, FACILITY - DAY
text: Uri sits at a huge, polished oak business meeting table. He is
text: now dressed in a business shirt, tie and three-piece suit. But
text: a louche handkerchief in his breast pocket adds a touch of
text: flare to his sombre ensemble. Uri is somewhat frustrated.
dialog: 59 | P a g e
text: Three other suits are at the table: BOOTHY (50s), the boss,
text: SILK (40s), #2, and PARKER (30s), #3. All but Parker are
dialog: middle class and business-like. In here, PC efficiency is all.
speaker_heading: BOOTHY
dialog: Has the next of kin been
dialog: informed?
text: Silk clears his throat.
speaker_heading: SILK
dialog: Not yet sir.
speaker_heading: BOOTHY
dialog: (inform her)
dialog: There's never a good time.
speaker_heading: SILK
dialog: Yes sir.
text: Silk makes a note on his iPad.
text: Boothy looks at Uri as if waiting for an explanation.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: Our intelligence . . .
text: The irony of that comment creates a response that emanates
text: from Boothy and travels round the table hierarchically.
speaker_heading: BOOTHY
dialog: As the board understood it, the
dialog: prisoner was verified as the
dialog: jihadi. There was DNA. . .
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: We now believe the evidenced
dialog: might have been contaminated.
speaker_heading: BOOTHY
dialog: (not impressed)
dialog: Was there any form of extraction?
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: The suspect revealed nothing of
dialog: the activities of which he was
dialog: suspected by the board, sir.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Fruit was not born.
dialog: 60 | P a g e
text: The oddness of that causes some rolled eyes around the table.
speaker_heading: URI
text: It was a fruitless interrogation,
dialog: sir - yes.
text: Boothy studies the information on his laptop. The others
text: therefore do the same. Uri smartens his suit and shirt cuffs.
text: Boothy eventually looks up from his laptop.
speaker_heading: BOOTHY
dialog: So not only do we have no further
dialog: intel about the event, we
dialog: have another next of kin, a
dialog: nuclear bloody winter of media
dialog: fallout and the inevitable
dialog: Whitehall storm. We also have
dialog: another body to . . .
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Liquidate, sir?
text: Boothy ignores Parker almost entirely.
speaker_heading: BOOTHY
dialog: (refers to laptop)
dialog: It says here `The suspect did
text: not respond to the usual stimuli.
dialog: (at Uri) Stimuli? The usual . . .
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: We explored the usual routes
dialog: in accordance with our mandate.
text: Boothy and Silk seem repulsed; Parker seems fascinated.
speaker_heading: SILK
dialog: (to Boothy)
dialog: If I may, sir. (to Uri) Perhaps
dialog: he told you nothing because he
dialog: knew nothing.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: That's likely, yes.
speaker_heading: BOOTHY
dialog: Likely? Christ! This is the kind
dialog: of thing the media gorges on
dialog: for months! We can't . . .
dialog: 61 | P a g e
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: There is no need.
text: Boothy looks at Uri. The others look at Uri.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: Nicholas Pentane died while
dialog: engaged in activities commensal
dialog: with his profession as a
dialog: freelance reporter from wounds
text: sustained at the hands of
dialog: insurgent personnel. He died
text: behind enemy lines. He was
dialog: transported home in a manner
dialog: befitting a hero. He died
dialog: while attempting to maintain
dialog: the integrity and vibrancy of
dialog: a free press ­ a press we all. . .
speaker_heading: BOOTHY
dialog: Spare me the party line, Uri,
dialog: for God sake! This'll wiki
dialog: itself sky high unless . . .
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: It's taken care of, sir.
text: They all look at him. The monster in their midst. Eventually:
speaker_heading: BOOTHY
dialog: We're getting off-message here.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Mission creep.
dialog: It should be funny but somehow it's sick.
speaker_heading: BOOTHY
dialog: What we're here to establish is
dialog: how a freelance writer get's
dialog: wrongly arrested, subjected to
dialog: (makes quotation marks with his
dialog: fingers) rendition and is then
dialog: tortured by experts in the
dialog: certainty that he is in fact
dialog: a terrorist planning acts
dialog: against the common good. On
dialog: home soil against the Great
dialog: British public et cetera.
dialog: (beat) He was as innocent as
dialog: any of us. Any answers, Uri?
dialog: 62 | P a g e
text: Silence a beat, then:
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: Mistakes, happen, sir.
speaker_heading: BOOTHY
dialog: The man wrote a column for the
dialog: Economist, for God sake!
text: Silence a beat, then:
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: The best moles have the best
dialog: covers, sir. They simply
dialog: always do.
text: Boothy looks at Uri in a particular way.
speaker_heading: BOOTHY
dialog: What we also need to establish
dialog: is whether he was killed
dialog: deliberately, or by . . .
scene_heading: 4.96 INT. COUNTRY HOME ­ DAY
text: In his y-fronts only, Uri stands in his bathroom and scrubs
text: his hands manically in the sink. His hands are rubbed raw by
text: the scrubbing. He whimpers as he does this. His body shakes.
scene_heading: 4.97 INT. BOARD ROOM, FACILITY - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: Misadventure, sir?
text: Boothy glances at Parker. He doesn't need any help, thank you.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: The human body can only take so
dialog: much, sir. Subjected to a
dialog: certain level of pressure it
dialog: buckles. Nicholas Pentane's
text: body simply broke under duress.
speaker_heading: SILK
dialog: The mind-body continuum.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: The mind-body continuum.
text: Boothy reads something else on his laptop:
dialog: 63 | P a g e
speaker_heading: BOOTHY
dialog: NP was arrested on the night of
dialog: the fourth (reads more then)
text: Transported under guard to
dialog: the facility. Work began on
dialog: the seventh to determine. . .
text: Boothy removes his glasses, looks at Uri.
speaker_heading: BOOTHY
dialog: So what was going on between
dialog: the fourth and the seventh?
text: Uri clears his throat.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: I was on holiday, sir.
speaker_heading: SILK
dialog: Ah. Anywhere nice?
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: Malaga again, sir. My wife does
dialog: like it there.
speaker_heading: BOOTHY
dialog: Well not a bad choice at that
dialog: time of year. We recommended
dialog: that to do didn't we?
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: You did, sir, yes. Your wife
dialog: actually sent us the brochure
dialog: if you recall.
scene_heading: 4.98 INT. ARTIST STUDIO ­ DAY
text: The phone rings. Elle leaves her drawing reluctantly, but then
text: smiles when she answers the phone. She misses her man!
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Hello. (then, disappointed)
dialog: Yes. (then, with dread) Yes.
speaker_heading: BOOTHY VO
dialog: We actually tried Corfu this
dialog: year. Not bad ­ though it could
dialog: have been warmer.
text: Elle listens to the caring sharing voice on the phone.
dialog: 64 | P a g e
text: She listens, then puts her hand to her mouth. Her beautiful
text: eyes cloud with tears. She starts to buckle and sway. Then she
text: collapses. There's a certain grace to the way she does it.
speaker_heading: SILK VO
dialog: I can actually recommend Crete
dialog: at this time of year. A bit
dialog: populous, but there are places
text: where one can escape the hordes.
text: Elle drops the phone.
scene_heading: 4.99 INT. BOARD ROOM, FACILITY - CONTINUOUS
text: Boothy and Parker laugh at/with Silk. Uri's face is stone.
speaker_heading: BOOTHY
dialog: Oh Lord, Michael; if we left it
dialog: to you we'll all be holidaying
dialog: on the Norfolk Broads!
text: Silk pulls a `well actually' face. There is some laughter
text: until Boothy stops laughing and re-focusses on their agenda.
text: Boothy reads from his laptop again, then removes his glasses.
speaker_heading: BOOTHY
dialog: What we're left with is
dialog: something of a mess. I'm sure
dialog: you agree.
text: He looks at Uri and waits. The others do the same.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: Sorry sir I don't suppose we
dialog: could get some . . . I'm . . .
text: Uri makes a thirsty gesture. Mildly irritated, Boothy presses
text: a button on an intercom. It buzzes the other end, then
speaker_heading: BOOTHY
dialog: (into the intercom)
dialog: Sharon could we get some more
dialog: coffee please. (to the others)
dialog: Biscuits? (the others nod except
dialog: Uri) And some biscuits. The
dialog: usual. Actually if there are
dialog: any chocolate digestives.
speaker_heading: SHARON OS
dialog: (on the intercom)
dialog: Certainly sir.
dialog: 65 | P a g e
speaker_heading: BOOTHY
dialog: (into the intercom)
dialog: Thanks Sharon.
text: Boothy scratches his head, refocuses. Uri waits.
scene_heading: 4.100 INT. COUNTRY HOME ­ DAY
text: Dressed like an accountant, Uri writes on his desktop.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: My desire to meet with you
text: arises from a strong urge to
dialog: inform you of the circumstances
dialog: under which your husband
dialog: actually passed away. The fact
dialog: is, Mrs Pentane, that you have
dialog: certainly been misinformed.
text: Uri looks up, out of the window. He looks at his hands. They
text: seem so ordinary, so dull, and so average. He drinks more JD.
scene_heading: 4.101 INT. BOARD ROOM, FACILITY - DAY
text: Uri accepts the coffee Sharon pours for them all. She puts a
text: plate of digestives down on the table and leaves the room.
speaker_heading: BOOTHY
dialog: Thanks Sharon.
text: Sharon smiles a response. She closes the door behind her.
text: Parker reaches out and grabs a digestive, which he eats.
speaker_heading: PARKER
dialog: (mouth full)
dialog: Never can resist the bloody
dialog: things.
speaker_heading: BOOTHY
dialog: (to Parker)
dialog: Make yourself at home, minister.
text: Boothy and Silk grab a biscuit.
text: Uri sips his coffee. He REACTS.
text: The coffee is scalding. He has SCALDED his tongue.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: Bloody hell!
dialog: 66 | P a g e
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO
scene_heading: 4.102 INT. FACILITY ­ DAY (FLASHBACK)
text: In the last moments of his life, Nicholas screams and writhes
text: under the onslaught of agony delivered by Uri with his
text: surgical instruments. Nicholas is a pulped mess of blood.
scene_heading: 4.103 INT. ELLE'S APARTMENT ­ NIGHT
text: Elle's face is contorted by grief. She is curled in the foetal
text: position on the floor. She weeps desperately. She staggers to
text: her feet. She goes to a built-in wardrobe. She opens his side
text: of it. His suits and shirts hang in quiet rows. She presses
text: into them, embraces them, sobbing and screaming her agony.
scene_heading: 4.104 INT. COUNTRY HOME ­ DAY
text: Uri thinks a moment and then click `Send' with his mouse.
text: He takes a deep breath.
scene_heading: 4.105 EXT. ELLE'S APARTMENT ­ DAY
text: Uri gets out of the taxi and pays the driver.
text: He then turns to face the address. He tries to move naturally,
text: but his body is stiff with misgiving. He takes a breath to try
text: to calm himself. He manages to walk to the front of the
text: apartment block. He starts to walk up the steps to the front
text: door; but then he retreats. He steps backwards, then begins to
text: walk away. He can't do it. His hands are shaking. He makes
text: fists to stop them. He takes another breath, looks up at the
text: apartment block. He is sick with stress. He forces his limbs
text: to obey him. He manages to walk back to the steps. He manages
text: to walk up the steps. Eventually he manages to press the
speaker_heading: BUZZER
scene_heading: 4.106 INT. ELLE'S APARTMENT ­ DAY, SAME TIME
text: Elle hears the door buzzer. She is pale and underweight.
text: She gets up, walks to the apartment door. She presses the
text: intercom button with trepidation. Her mouth is dry.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Yes?
text: The crackle of electric silence. Nothing.
dialog: 67 | P a g e
text: Exasperated, she takes her finger off the button, turns away.
text: The buzzer sounds again.
text: Elle curses and turns back to it.
text: She hesitates, and then presses the answer button.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: Mrs Pentane? It's Uri Tallow
dialog: from the ministry. We spoke
dialog: earlier?
text: It's hard to do this. It takes everything that's left of her.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Ah ­ yes. Come in.
text: She presses the buzzer door release. The front door opening
text: sound, OS. Elle turns away from the door. She gathers herself.
text: She looks at her apartment door. She steps backwards from it,
text: as if dreading what might be approaching it. Eventually she is
text: in the middle of the large, open plan room staring at the
text: door. A shadow is visible under the door. A shape. A man. The
speaker_heading: KNOCK
text: On her door makes her jump. She gathers herself.
text: She goes to the door. Eventually she opens it.
text: Uri stands there. He smiles thinly, extends a hand. As she
text: takes it he looks at his hand. This hand killed her love.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: Mrs Pentane very good of you
dialog: to see me like this.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Come in Mister Tallow.
text: She wants anything but this dull little man in her apartment.
text: Uri enters. He wipes his feet excessively, over and over.
text: She closes the door behind him. He looks around.
dialog: 68 | P a g e
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: Lovely, just lovely. This is
dialog: yours? Goodness.
text: He goes to a piece of art hanging on the wall. A nude.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: It's amazing. Such talent. Me . . .
text: He shrugs as if worthless. Elle tries to hold it together.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Can I get you anything?
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: No ­ really I'm fine. Thank you.
text: He has trouble meeting her eyes. That unsettles her even more.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: Such platitudes! Here we are
text: trapped inside a Terrence
dialog: Rattigan three act . . .
text: He laughs. It sounds unnatural.
text: Wary of him in the extreme, he gestures to a seat reluctantly.
text: She sits down opposite him. Her body language is pure defence.
speaker_heading: URI
text: Mrs Pentane. A delicate subject
dialog: of course. Your husband.
text: She blinks. He can see the unimaginable depth of her grief.
text: Uri gets some correspondence out of his briefcase.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: Good, old fashioned paper.
dialog: Nothing like it.
text: He waves the sheets of paper around. She can't even react.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: Firstly I'm so very sorry for
dialog: your loss. I know the ministry
dialog: has informed you that your
dialog: husband ­ Mr Nicholas . . .
text: She puts her hand across her slightly swollen belly.
dialog: 69 | P a g e
text: She's pregnant. My God. Uri frowns slightly, struggles.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: Misses Pentane the fact is that . . .
text: She looks at him with exhausted, beautiful eyes.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: The truth is Misses Pentane
dialog: that . . . I'm here to tell you
dialog: that . . . Well this may not
dialog: be what you want to hear but . . .
text: He looks at her, looks away. He can't meet her gaze.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (get the fuck out)
dialog: If you'd kindly hurry. Please.
text: Her phone bleeps a message alert. An isolated sound.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: Misses Pentane I . . .
text: He can't speak. Why did he come here? This is impossible.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: Misses Pentane . . .
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Oh for God sake!
text: She gets up, stands, walks away from him. He stands.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: The fact is that your husband
dialog: did not die in the manner in
dialog: which you have been told he
dialog: died. As I alluded in my
dialog: letter, my email. . .
text: She opens the door for him to leave. He wants to die.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I can't do this now. I'm sorry.
text: He follows her to the door. His hands are shaking.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: Misses Pentane please hear me.
dialog: (more)
dialog: 70 | P a g e
dialog: (cont'd)
dialog: Why did I come here today?
dialog: Well, the truth is I believe
dialog: you should have the facts. The
dialog: facts are that. . .we believe
dialog: your husband was wrongfully
dialog: arrested and . . .
text: She looks at him. No shit!
text: A family walking in the hall outside the door draw her
text: attention. A mother and her two sons. They smile at her.
text: She tries to smile, closes the door slightly.
text: Uri is almost hyperventilating by now.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: You need to get the hell away
dialog: from me. Sorry, but. . .
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: Misses Pentane the fact is that
dialog: your husband was subjected to
dialog: rendition. Not as you may have
dialog: heard of it but in a form. . .
text: She has to lean against the wall.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: Whilst in this instance your
dialog: husband wasn't transported
dialog: abroad because of logistics.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Logistics?
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: He was subjected here, in the
dialog: United Kingdom to a process
text: designed to get him to confess.
scene_heading: 4.107 INT. BOARD ROOM, FACILITY - DAY
text: Uri feels his burnt tongue. Boothy, Silk and Parker observe.
speaker_heading: BOOTHY
dialog: What we need to establish, Uri,
dialog: is whether, having found out
dialog: (more)
dialog: 71 | P a g e
dialog: (cont'd)
dialog: that you had made a mistake,
dialog: you killed Nicholas Pentane
dialog: deliberately, or whether his
dialog: death was merely a product of
dialog: of the processes to which he
dialog: was being subjected.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: He was no longer any use. By
dialog: that stage his body was, his
dialog: mind. . .He would never have
dialog: been able to lead an ordinary
dialog: life: work, have relationships.
speaker_heading: BOOTHY
dialog: So you did the judicious thing
dialog: and disposed of the suspect
dialog: accordingly?
scene_heading: 4.108 INT. ELLE'S APARTMENT ­ DAY, SAME TIME
text: Elle stands by the door. She buckles. He wants to help her.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: Your husband was tortured,
dialog: Misses Pentane.
text: His voice has an unnatural edge to it. It sounds weird.
text: She starts to laugh hysterically. It's all a joke. Of course.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: These are measures taken
dialog: occasionally and in conditions
dialog: of the utmost secrecy against
dialog: certain suspects accused of
dialog: terrorism ­ I'm sure you're aware.
text: She stops laughing.
text: She stares at him, tries to form words.
text: Her knees give out. He goes to her, helps her.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: DON'T TOUCH ME!
text: She pushes him away in panic. He recoils.
dialog: 72 | P a g e
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Get out. Now.
text: Another text message bleeps ludicrously from her phone.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: This isn't exactly what I came
dialog: here to tell you, Misses . . .
dialog: Not entirely. . .
text: She leans again the wall. He shuts the door softly.
text: He seems to reach a critical mass. Emotion leaves him.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: What I came here to tell you
dialog: today that it was me. I oversaw
dialog: the torture and tortured your
dialog: husband. It was under my
dialog: ministrations . . .
text: She is incredulous of the use of the word.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: It was me, you see. I killed
text: him. An accident. Only so much.
text: Her world has become a nightmare. Nothing is real.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: I know this is a lot to take
dialog: in, Misses Pentane.
dialog: The words don't seem like hers:
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: What are you?
text: Uri almost smiles. Little old me.
text: As if in a dream she looks around, searching for something.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: I'm calling the police.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: That won't help much today.
text: But she dials. He grabs the phone from her with polite force.
text: He puts then phone down like a 5 star hotel receptionist.
dialog: 73 | P a g e
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: What the fuck do you think. . .
dialog: Get out ­ now!
text: She grabs the phone again and redials. He grabs the phone from
text: her, this time with slightly more force. She is pushed away.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Fucker! GET THE FUCK OUT!
text: But he just stands near her, breathing.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: What do you want from me?
text: He opens his arms slightly, looks at her. The eyes of a child.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: I want. I want. . .
text: He can't say it. Can't say forgiveness, can't say death.
text: She SUDDENLY grabs an ornament from the dresser near her.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: Wait. Wait please.
text: He drops to his knees. Gets ready.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: OK.
text: But she has swung and CONNECTED before he has spoken.
text: He reels from the impact, but she is weak with shock.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Piece of shit-mould. Get out. . .
text: She swings again ­ stronger this time. The blow hurts him.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: This is what you fucking want?
dialog: Fuck. . .(sobbing) Oh Jesus. . .
text: She changes. Adrenaline kicks in. She starts to pound him with
text: the ornament, which breaks. Then she grabs a stone stature and
speaker_heading: HITS
text: Him with it. That sends him flying. He grovels on the carpet.
dialog: 74 | P a g e
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Motherfucker . . .
text: She lays into him. He accepts it all. Blow after bloody blow.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: Yes (blow) Yes (blow) Yes (blow).
text: After a while she slows, exhausted.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Piece of dogshit . . .
text: She grabs her belly, grimaces. Uri's face is now pulped.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: Misses Pentane . . . the
dialog: exertion. Please . . .
text: He means her belly, her unborn child.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: What? (incredulous) WHAT?
text: She is sobbing, broken, exhausted.
scene_heading: 4.109 INT. BOARD ROOM, FACILITY - DAY
text: Uri looks at Booth, Silk and Parker. Coffee and digestives.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: I relieved him of his pain.
scene_heading: 4.110 INT. ELLE'S APARTMENT ­ DAY
text: Elle gasps for breath, stares at Uri through tears.
text: She drops the bloody stone statue. Uri is badly injured now.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Am I expected to admire . . .
dialog: Leave me alone.
text: She tries to open the door, to haul him out.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: It's OK. I don't want you to
dialog: be . . . I'll make up a story.
dialog: Don't worry. (beat) Actually
dialog: I hate it all. (beat) I do as
dialog: I'm told, actually. Sometimes . . .
dialog: 75 | P a g e
text: She grabs the stone statue again and SWINGS.
text: Primal, she SCREAMS at him as she does it, and now the statue
speaker_heading: CONNECTS
text: Uri is thrown sideways by the adrenal force of the blow.
text: He falls on the expensive carpet, barely conscious.
text: He glimpses a WHITE feather displayed as an ornament among
text: other artefacts in a lit, glass fronted display cabinet.
text: Elle drops the stone statue again, stumbles away.
speaker_heading: ELLE
dialog: Get out.
text: Uri begins to crawl towards the door. Leaves a trail of blood.
speaker_heading: URI
dialog: Don't worry. Mum's the word,
dialog: Mrs Pentane. I'll take care of
dialog: everything. Everything. I promise. . .
text: He reaches the door, grabs it with a bloody hand as we
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 4.111 INT. FACILITY ­ DAY
text: His face scarred, Uri sits among the instruments of torture.
text: Done thinking, he suddenly snaps his rubber gloves on.
dialog: Better get to it.
dialog: 76 | P a g e
dialog: Story #5
speaker_heading: BLACK
speaker_heading: SUPER
dialog: `Jeremy Bentham'
speaker_heading: FADE IN ON
scene_heading: 5.112 EXT. SOUTH LONDON STREET ­ NIGHT
text: In urban winter darkness a hoodie walks down an alley. He uses
text: the deep shadows to conceal himself. He scopes out the back of
text: the houses he walks past, as if looking for an opportunity.
text: A radio advert ends OVER:
speaker_heading: AD VO
dialog: . . .not that you'll be needing
dialog: one now that your house
text: assurance is on the house. Cheers!
text: As the VO ends there is the sound of drinking glasses knocking
text: together in a busy pub, then an inane radio ad jingle, then:
scene_heading: 5.113 INT. RADIO STATION ­ DJ BOOTH ­ NIGHT
speaker_heading: FEMALE DJ VO
dialog: So welcome back and if you've
dialog: just joined us welcome: I'm
dialog: talking to Chris Marlow, the
dialog: barrister who represented
dialog: decorated Afghanistan para
dialog: veteran Shona Barnes earlier
dialog: this year. If you recall, Shona
dialog: was sentenced to seven years
dialog: in Wormwood Scrubs for the
dialog: murder of Caleb Rounds ­ the
text: man who broke into her house,
text: shot and held her hostage for
dialog: several hours on the night of
dialog: March the twelfth last year.
dialog: Chris ­ so . . . in your
dialog: opinion Shona's Post-Traumatic
dialog: Stress Disorder, a condition
dialog: she suffered following action. . .
text: an incident with an IED in
dialog: Helmand Province in Afghanistan
dialog: in May two thousand and ten,
dialog: (more)
dialog: 77 | P a g e
dialog: (cont'd)
dialog: an incident that killed a
dialog: close colleague of hers and
dialog: resulted in Shona being
dialog: pensioned, invalided out of
dialog: the army. In your opinion Chris,
dialog: this - the PTSD - should have
dialog: been crucial to the decision
dialog: not to prosecute Shona for
dialog: murder, a charge you now feel
dialog: should have been reduced to
dialog: what: manslaughter? She didn't
dialog: seem like much of an invalid
dialog: in the way she dealt with Rounds
dialog: did she? So for you - was this
dialog: a travesty of justice? Really?
speaker_heading: MARLOW VO
dialog: My sense of it is, Christie,
dialog: as I've said, and the reason I
dialog: feel I failed, really, is that
dialog: the state must find a way
dialog: to take responsibility.
text: The hoodie climbs over the back fence of a house. He then
text: proceeds up the garden ­ again hugging the shadows for cover.
speaker_heading: FEMALE DJ VO
dialog: But now you're considering
dialog: retiring? With a future as
dialog: QC certain. A Law Lord perhaps.
dialog: You're regarded by many as a
dialog: (laughs) legal wunderkind!
speaker_heading: MARLOW VO
dialog: Well I don't know about that.
dialog: But yes, I'm looking to move
dialog: out of the legal profession now.
speaker_heading: FEMALE DJ VO
dialog: Because of this case, specifically?
dialog: As Queens Council you could help
dialog: people like Shona. Lots of Shonas.
speaker_heading: MARLOW
dialog: I know. But look. For me it's
dialog: this: we send her out to
dialog: Afghanistan. We tell her to kill
dialog: people who resisted our invasion.
text: (as the DJ starts to speak) But
dialog: (more)
dialog: 78 | P a g e
dialog: (cont'd)
dialog: anyway ­ look: we make her
text: an expert. A killing machine.
dialog: And then war breaks our machine.
dialog: So then our machine needs
text: Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder
dialog: drugs in order to function in
dialog: normal life. To make a cup of
dialog: tea, for God sake. (silence a
dialog: beat, then) She's a broken
dialog: child, Chrissie. We broke her.
dialog: So then when she kills a known
dialog: psychotic child molester and
text: murderer in her home in the
text: middle of the night ­ in her
dialog: home - in self-defence ­ we,
dialog: the state, we call that murder,
dialog: and we throw her to the dogs. We
dialog: screw her up in the name of a
dialog: cause in some country some
dialog: people - and lets' face it,
dialog: in a part of the world not
dialog: many British people know or
dialog: give a damn about - and then we
dialog: finish the job. We prosecute her
dialog: for murder and lock her up.
text: The hoodie chooses a ground floor window. He jemmies it open.
speaker_heading: FEMALE DJ VO
dialog: But ultimately the only
dialog: alternative is that we don't
dialog: have a professional, a standing
dialog: army. We rely on . . .
speaker_heading: MARLOW VO
dialog: I understand. I understand
dialog: that when you sign up, you
dialog: take your chances. You become
dialog: an organ of the state, and if
dialog: that state tells you to kill
dialog: people in its name, it chooses
dialog: not to call that murder. It
dialog: chooses then to call you a
dialog: hero ­ especially if you die.
speaker_heading: FEMALE DJ VO
dialog: So these young people, the
dialog: soldiers who give their lives
dialog: in the defence of our liberty
dialog: (more)
dialog: 79 | P a g e
dialog: (cont'd)
dialog: don't deserve the label hero.
dialog: Is that what you're saying?
text: The hoodie climbs through the window he has jemmied open.
speaker_heading: MARLOW VO
dialog: Nation states have always
dialog: protected themselves from their
dialog: own imperial absurdities. What
dialog: would be left if there was no
dialog: chance of glory? Why would anyone
dialog: sign up? Look: in war, anywhere,
dialog: people do what they can to
dialog: survive. All I can say is that
dialog: personally, I mean as Shona's
dialog: brief, I failed to make the court
dialog: see sense. For me, you know, it's
dialog: like you can murder in the so
dialog: called defence of the state but
dialog: if you kill in the defence of
dialog: yourself . . .You know it's
dialog: like, I mean as Shakespeare
dialog: said `if his cause be wrong,
dialog: our obedience to the king
dialog: wipes the crime of it out of us.'
text: His voice dissolves and fades away as we
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: 5.114 INT. SHONA'S HOME, BEDROOM ­ NIGHT
text: SHONA (20s, black) is awoken by a sound ­ the dull clunk of
text: something giving under strain. She lifts her head up, listens.
text: Another clunk, but this followed by other sounds downstairs.
text: Shona is quickly out of bed, standing. She moves in a way that
text: suggests combat training: with controlled power and assurance.
text: She is not afraid.
scene_heading: 5.115 INT. SHONA'S HOME, KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: CALEB (20s, white) breaks in through the kitchen window. He's
text: young and hooded. His thin face is haunted by addiction.
text: Caleb climbs through the window he has just jemmied open. He
text: stands in the kitchen a moment, listening. He hears nothing.
dialog: 80 | P a g e
text: He starts to move quietly through the kitchen towards the
scene_heading: 5.116 INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Caleb enters. He looks around, sees the usual living room
text: stuff: a settee, some ornaments, a TV and iPod and iPod dock;
text: a shelf bearing a few ornaments ­ OK, but Caleb wants more.
text: What Caleb doesn't seem to see are the mantelpiece photos of
text: Corporal Shona smiling with her Para mates in Afghanistan.
text: Caleb turns and heads towards the door. He goes out into the
scene_heading: 5.117 INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Caleb emerges from the living room.
speaker_heading: CRACK
text: A fist connects with his jaw, sending him staggering.
speaker_heading: CRACK, CRACK
text: Another two blows ­ a fist and a kick. Caleb sprawls, and then
text: manages to stand as Shona attacks him. She moves fast and with
text: focus ­ a shape in the darkness moving very fast. Caleb lashes
text: out with his right fist. He misses. She lands another two
text: punches to his neck and face. He yells and lashes out again.
text: This time he connects with the side of her head. She goes
text: sprawling. He dives towards her and pounds her with his fists.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: What the fuck ­ easy-peasy, ho!
text: She fights him: the focussed power of a trained soldier; but
text: he's too strong and doesn't seem to feel blows that should be
text: causing him a lot of pain. He PUNCHES her in the head twice.
text: She goes still.
text: Caleb now pulls the SILENCED GUN he's been trying to get his
text: hands on throughout the fight from his jacket pocket. He
text: stands, gasping for breath. He aims the gun at her.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: A bitch. I been had by a bitch!
dialog: (starts to laugh) Stand, bitch.
text: She just maintains her guard, balled up on the floor.
dialog: 81 | P a g e
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I said stand up. No way we're
dialog: gonna have chats with you
dialog: sprawled. Less you wanna fuck me
dialog: now that is.
text: She looks up at him. Her evulsion is obvious.
text: He gestures up with the gun. Slowly, carefully, she stands.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Well shocky-shocky-shock. Wasn't
dialog: expecting quite such a welcome.
text: Shona could be a statue.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: What the fuck.
text: Caleb still points his gun at her. He looks at her. Nice.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: It's Christmas, ho, ho, ho . . .
text: Keeping his gun on her, Caleb turns a lamp on. He sees her:
text: average height but athletic, powerful: attractive, damaged.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Way ­ ho. Choice. Smile for
dialog: the camera. You got names?
text: He comes closer to her, examines her ­ but keeps his distance.
text: She seems calm, but he sees the storm beneath the surface.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: All fucked up now ain't ya, babe.
dialog: Who did this to ya?
text: All that moves is her eyes: she watches the gun ­ nothing
text: else. Caleb moves the gun deliberately, making her eyes move.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Notable: Lara fuckety Croft.
text: He moves the gun erratically. He can't outpace her eyes.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: (game over)
dialog: Well shit, bitch: ain't you the
dialog: self-same night owl. Name. I
dialog: said what's your fuckin' name?
dialog: 82 | P a g e
text: Still her eyes on the gun. Suddenly annoyed, he
speaker_heading: LASHES OUT
text: He goes to hit her in the face with his gun but she ducks. He
text: swings at her again, and again she ducks. She assumes a combat
text: position: fists up, body ready again. She looks at his eyes.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Well ain't you the pocket
dialog: battleship. We gonna have another
dialog: swingers, you an' me? Don't
dialog: think so, bitch. Think you an'
dialog: me we gonna have chats, get
text: under each other's skinny,
dialog: maybe get some cosy. Howzat.
text: Fighting some inner battle, she just waits for his next move.
text: He's impressed, but suddenly he's bored by this game.
text: He aims the gun at her head.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: OK. Let's play the you-kneeling
dialog: -on-the-floor-now game. I liked
dialog: you down there.
dialog: (she doesn't move)
dialog: Yesterday, bitch.
text: He starts to squeeze the trigger. She doesn't move.
text: He aims the gun at her left shoulder and
speaker_heading: SHOOTS HER
text: The bullet NICKS shoulder. It's just a flesh wound ­ but
text: enough to shut her up and make her drop to her knees in AGONY.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Now we got some kind of
dialog: understanding. Some kind of
dialog: parity goin' down. Name, ho.
text: He stands over her, looks down at the booty. She grabs her
text: left shoulder with her right hand and squeezes. The pain makes
text: her cry out, but she immediately bites her lip silent.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Well well. Now I'm more than
dialog: (more)
dialog: 83 | P a g e
dialog: (cont'd)
dialog: somewhat. Don't know that I
dialog: could take one like that.
text: He looks away from her, sees the photographs on the mantle:
text: Shona the soldier with her squaddie buddies in Afghanistan.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Well that explains. A bona fide
dialog: fuckin hero. Heroine. Which
dialog: makes me wonder, actually:
dialog: where's your stash? The gear?
text: He looks at her, waits. She grimaces in controlled agony.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Don't make me spell it out. You
dialog: know why we in `ere `aving this.
text: Losing it, he suddenly goes to her, grabs her and drags her to
text: the settee. He throws her on it. The pain makes her wince. She
text: muffles her scream with pride. She now knows he is psychotic.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: DON'T PLAY ME, BITCH. Where's
dialog: your fuckin' gear. Everybody
dialog: got gear round this green
dialog: and pleasant land.
text: He points his gun at her head. She shakes her head no.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: What the fuck. You the only
dialog: bitch I picked in this whole
dialog: postie with no gear? Fuck.
dialog: Trust Caleb to pick a soldier.
text: He glances at the photographs again, grins.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: You got that uniform still? I
text: like a woman in uniform.
text: She just looks at him through the fog of bloody agony.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: How come you so hot, babes?
dialog: You leave the central heating
dialog: on all night to keep you snuggles?
dialog: Nothing like a man for that.
dialog: 84 | P a g e
text: He removes his jacket, and then the hoodie he wears beneath
text: it. She can see his prison tats and scars on his neck. She can
text: see the injection marks on his dirty, skinny forearms.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Hey ­ what you lookin' at?
dialog: Look at me. At me eyes, ho.
text: She won't meet his eyes. ON her eyes in ECU:
dialog: The SOUNDS of war until
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: I said look at me you fuckin' . . .
text: He jabs the gun into her crotch, leans close to her.
text: She looks him in the eyes. She sees everything that's wrong.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: You know what I am ­ huh? You
dialog: know what I am, really? (leans
text: close, looks deep into her eyes)
text: I'm hungry. Starved. (stands up,
dialog: moves towards the door) Wot you
dialog: gonna give Caleb tweet ­ apart
dialog: from laters?
text: He grins, looks at her crotch and licks his lips.
text: Her eyes are glass. She closes them to make it all go away.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Hey ­ no: none of that. You stay
text: front and fucking centre. On the
dialog: ball. Keep your soldier eyes
dialog: on me no matter what. Hear me?
text: She opens her eyes. The SOUNDS of war. Her war. Her hell.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: That's better, soldier soldier.
dialog: Now don't be going for no
dialog: walkies ­ `kay?
text: Backing towards the door he looks and points his gun at her.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Not a muscle, ho. You stay
dialog: like a good doggie ­ period.
dialog: 85 | P a g e
text: He doesn't trust her, but he's going to take a chance.
text: He heads out of the room quickly and goes into the
scene_heading: 5.118 INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Caleb goes through cupboards - fast.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Not a move, babes. I'm watching.
dialog: (searches cupboards)
dialog: Where you keep the cake, ho?
dialog: Me and Victoria sponge, we're
text: tight as a schoolgirl's twat.
text: Going from cupboard to cupboard, he sees the usual food and
text: crockery etc. In one cupboard he sees bottle of prescription
dialog: pills: benzodiazepine, diazepam, and methylphenidate.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: (a low whistle)
dialog: And I thought I was fucked up.
dialog: What they do to you out there,
dialog: babes? Turn you into a raghead?
text: He grabs a bottle of benzodiazepine and goes back into the
scene_heading: 5.119 INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Reading the bottle label he doesn't notice that she has gone
text: for a brief moment. But when he does, he throws the bottle
text: aside and starts moving. He runs out of the room and heads
scene_heading: 5.120 INT. UPSTAIRS - NIGHT
text: Caleb runs up the stairs onto the landing, his gun up.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Hey ­ fuck, bitch. Hey!
text: He hears a noise from the
scene_heading: 5.121 INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: He runs in, sees her trying to make a call on her mobile. With
text: his peripheral vision and for the briefest moment he sees a
text: WHITE feather on the dresser beside her bed. Without stopping
text: he rushes her, as she desperately thumbs the buttons. He
text: SMASHES the phone from her hand and shoves her. But she
text: manages to keep on her feet and run out of the room. He
dialog: 86 | P a g e
speaker_heading: SHOOTS
text: The bullet THUDS into the wall by her as she sprints onto the
scene_heading: 5.122 INT. LANDING - NIGHT
text: Shona emerges from the bedroom and rushes down the stairs, her
text: left hand holding her wounded and bleeding right shoulder.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Come here you fuckin' slag . . .
text: Caleb runs down the stairs after her.
speaker_heading: DOWNSTAIRS
text: Shona sprints full speed into the
scene_heading: 5.123 INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: She goes to a drawer, rips it open. She grabs a knife and
text: turns to face him just as he reaches her. His face contorted,
text: he CRAMS his gun into her face as she SLASHES at him
speaker_heading: CUTTING HIM
text: Caleb staggers backwards, his face pouring blood.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Fucking slippery bitch! SHIT!
text: Caleb points the gun at her. She freezes. He indicates drop
text: the knife with the gun while he holds his cut, bleeding face.
text: She puts the knife down. Her eyes never leave his gun.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: You stupid fucking slut! Jesus!
text: Shocked by the CUT on his face he aims his gun at her head.
speaker_heading: SHONA
dialog: Do it.
speaker_heading: CALEB
text: She speaks.
dialog: She means shoot her.
speaker_heading: SHONA
dialog: Go for it. Serious.
dialog: 87 | P a g e
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Don't fuckin' tempt me.
text: His finger squeezes the
speaker_heading: TRIGGER
text: Tighter and tighter. The trigger starts to move. But then she
scene_heading: SMILES AT HIM
text: He stops, thrown by her smile.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: What the fuck? No one smiles
dialog: at Caleb.
text: She still smiles at him.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Stop. (spells) D-O-N-T. I said. . .
text: He shoves the gun at her. But she keeps smiling. Bizarre.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: Stop. Fucking don't smile. `Kay?
text: But she won't stop. He lunges at her, swipes with the gun.
text: She lashes out at him with her fist ­ HITS his face.
text: He staggers backwards. He's had enough.
text: He aims the gun at her head again, sure and steady.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Your choice, bitch.
text: She stops smiling.
speaker_heading: SHONA
dialog: Wrong.
text: She drops her guard, stands very still, waiting. The bleeding
text: gunshot wound in her shoulder is draining the life from her.
text: They look at each other a moment, breathing hard.
text: She looks away from him, disgusted.
dialog: 88 | P a g e
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: That's what I thought. (beat)
dialog: OK. So now what we gonna do is
dialog: you gonna make me a sarnie. Go.
dialog: (she doesn't move)
dialog: Go!
text: She holds his eyes defiantly, and then she moves.
scene_heading: 5.124 INT. KITCHEN ­ LATER, NIGHT
text: Caleb eats a cheese sandwich. His gun is on the kitchen table
text: near his right hand. Shona sits opposite him; she's in bad
text: shape: he shoulder wound is pulling her down fast. She holds a
text: kitchen towel against it, which is SOAKED in dark red blood.
text: Caleb watches her.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Solider girl needs a hospital.
text: He eats a while. She won't even look at him.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: So what's with all the shit?
dialog: (indicates the cupboard with
dialog: the drugs in it) They fuck you
dialog: up in ragland or something?
dialog: Wonder why you can't lead a normal
dialog: fuckin' life? Wankers. You do
dialog: what they tell ya an' you're
dialog: all cool, babes. Do what you
dialog: wanna do an' you're . . .
text: (pulls his finger across his
dialog: throat) You decorated and all
dialog: that? I should be scared.
dialog: (laughs) If you just knew what
dialog: Caleb has done. Bad things,
dialog: babes, worse than bad. Then
dialog: you'd be scared, trust.
text: He eats, watches her, and waits.
speaker_heading: SHONA
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: What you think I fuckin' want?
dialog: A teensy weensy respect would
dialog: be nice. Failing that, this
dialog: sarnie is really rather nice, ta.
dialog: 89 | P a g e
text: He eats, watches her, and waits. She's bleeding to death.
text: She closes her eyes.
text: ON Shona: SOUNDS of an explosion, shouting, and Shona
text: screaming `Sandy!' followed by automatic weapons firing.
text: This BUILDS until Shona's eyes suddenly OPEN.
speaker_heading: SHONA
dialog: (strangely calm)
dialog: I need a doctor.
text: He breaks down in a fit of laughter.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: She needs a doctor. Well you
dialog: might yet, babes. We not done
dialog: partying yet. Then maybe you
dialog: need a doctor. First. . .
text: He finishes the sandwich, wipes his hands on the chair.
text: He looks at her body.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: First I'm going to see what's
dialog: what (indicates the house, her
dialog: possession). Then we gonna see
dialog: what's what (looks at her body
dialog: suggestively). Ain't never done
dialog: black, but there's always a first
dialog: time ­ no? Say there's no goin'
dialog: back. That right?
text: He laughs again, and then suddenly goes very serious.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: You wan' it first, or you wanna
dialog: sit tight while I go foray,
dialog: then we get acquainted?
text: She fights for control. She's losing the battle.
text: Caleb suddenly stands, pushing the chair back. The sudden
text: SOUND of the chair scraping on the floor makes her start.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Oh for fuck's sake.
text: He goes to the medicine cupboard, gets her drugs out.
dialog: 90 | P a g e
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: What do ya need?
text: He grabs various drugs and dumps them on the table in front of
text: her. Then fills a glass with tap water and gives her that.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Get fixed up, babes, I ain't
dialog: got all night.
text: She doesn't move.
text: Irritated, he pours DOZENS of pills from various bottles out,
text: savagely, and CRAMS them into her mouth. He then forces the
text: glass of water to her lips and makes her take the pills.
text: She gasps for air. He stands over her.
speaker_heading: CALEB
text: She swallows. He knew she would.
speaker_heading: SHONA
dialog: You have to go now.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Fuckin' what? (laughs) Fuckin'
dialog: what? I'll leave when it's time
dialog: to leave, babes. First is you
dialog: gonna show me some hospitable
dialog: time ­ just the two of us. The
dialog: shit (her belongings) can wait.
text: He goes round the table to her. The drugs start to hit her:
text: she fights them. She's shaking and sweating with pain from her
text: wounded shoulder. He caresses her cheek with his gun.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Babes ­ come on. We can be
dialog: fuck buddies or whatever.
speaker_heading: SHONA
dialog: Friends with benefits. Yeah.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Friends with benefits. Gotcha.
dialog: You watch all the right shows.
dialog: No strings, no comebacks. So
dialog: the things is: however we do
dialog: it, Caleb's getting' horny, so . . .
text: He grabs her right hand and puts it on his crotch.
dialog: 91 | P a g e
text: The drug OD begins to win the war inside Shona.
speaker_heading: CALEB
text: Slow and steady wins the race,
dialog: babes. We take it easy steps.
dialog: That's right ­ beautiful. . .
text: She jerks her hand away. It has to be now.
speaker_heading: SHONA
dialog: Get the fuck out of my house.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Say what?
text: He GRABS her by the hair, starts forcing her head towards his
text: crotch. With his gun hand he starts to unzip his fly.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: An' me been so fuckin' la-de-
dialog: dah with ya, and now this.
dialog: Do what Caleb says, bitch, an'
dialog: do it NOW . . .
text: As he goes to pull his pecker out she stands. As if she's had
text: enough of the game, she looks at him like a bug, dead already.
speaker_heading: CALEB
dialog: Sit the fuck . . .
text: Lightning fast, she POUNDS her index and first fingers into
text: his EYES, blinding him. At the same time she snap PUNCHES his
text: THROAT, collapsing his oesophagus completely. In less than a
text: second, Caleb goes from being in charge to being a grovelling,
text: screaming piece of crap on the floor at her feet. But now he
speaker_heading: FIRES
text: His gun wildly up at her ­ anywhere. Succumbing to the drugs
text: she dodges as the bullets THUD into the walls and furnature.
speaker_heading: SHONA
dialog: Stop! Please . . .
text: She KICKS at his gun hand. It's inaccurate because now the
text: drugs are overwhelming her. He keeps hold of the gun ­
text: screaming and gasping for breath he will never draw again.
text: A bullet SLAMS into the wall beside her. Reluctantly she
text: Forces herself to FOCUS, to hold the drugs back as she
dialog: 92 | P a g e
speaker_heading: SMASHES
text: The back of his neck with the side of her fist. A loud
speaker_heading: CRACK
text: Caleb stops moving, instantly DEAD.
text: Shona stands there breathing hard, trying to focus.
text: And then, slowly, surely the tears come. The drugs win.
speaker_heading: A radio ad, OVER
speaker_heading: AD VO #1
dialog: (male)
dialog: I should cocoa, Betty.
speaker_heading: AD VO #2
dialog: (female)
dialog: Me too, Bill. Nighty-night. . .
text: The sounds of polite kissing and an inane radio ad jingle as
text: Shona collapses. As she loses consciousness, BLACKNESS and
text: the SOUND of distant, hallucinatory police SIRENS as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: 5.125 INT. POLICE HOLDING CELL ­ DAY
text: The radio ad jingle and bullshit fades to SILENCE as
text: A year later: Shona sits looking at CAMERA. She is handcuffed.
text: Her face bears the scars. Her eyes in ECU: they are dark,
text: damaged, strong and sad. She is searching for our affirmation.
dialog: Slowly, surely we
scene_heading: FADE TO BLACK
speaker_heading: END CREDITS
dialog: 93 | P a g e
dialog: 
