speaker_heading: CAPERNAUM
speaker_heading: (CHAOS)
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Nadine Labaki
dialog: Jihad Hojeily
dialog: Michelle Keserwani
dialog: 1.
dialog: 2.
scene_heading: INT. DAY - UNSANITARY POLICE DETENTION CENTER 1.
text: Ina small unsanitary office, used as a police station, stands Zain, a skinny
text: 12-year-old boy, slightly hunchbacked, wearing only his dirty underwear
text: and looking lost. The boy stands there with his mouth wide open while a
text: 40-year-old doctor examines his teeth like one examines a lab rat.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (TALKING TO ZAIN)
dialog: Tilt your head up.
scene_heading: DOCTOR (TALKING TO ANOTHER MAN OFF
speaker_heading: CAMERA)
text: He's lost his baby teeth. I'd say he's at least 12 years old, maybe
dialog: 13.
scene_heading: INT. DAY- POLICE STATION 2.
dialog: Several arrested migrant workers from Sri Lanka, Ethiopia, and Africa
text: standing and looking defeated.
scene_heading: OFFICER (TALKING TO THE WOMEN)
dialog: Michelle, the Philippina?
dialog: Michelle?
dialog: What's your last name?
dialog: Family name?
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: Sedad.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Sedad.
dialog: Do you have a passport? Residence permit?
speaker_heading: MICHELLE
dialog: At my Madame's house.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Lama Bekoum.
dialog: Who's Lama?
dialog: Lama, are you pregnant?
speaker_heading: LAMA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: How many months?
speaker_heading: LAMA
dialog: Seven months.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Okay, CARITAS will see you now.
text: Among the women, a young Ethiopian girl - Tigest (Rahil) - with short hair
text: seems in shock more than others, but she tries to control herself. She has a
text: dripping black mark on her cheek.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Who's Tigest Ailo?
dialog: The Ethiopian, Tigest Ailo?
scene_heading: OFFICER (TALKING TO TIGEST)
dialog: Are you Tigest?
speaker_heading: TIGEST
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: OPENING CREDITS
scene_heading: 3. A.INT.DAY- PRISON FOR MINORS 3.
text: Escorted and handcuffed by a guard, Zain is walking down the hallway. A
text: chaotic atmosphere fills the hall.
scene_heading: B. INT. DAY - COURTHOUSE CORRIDOR.
text: A handcuffed man escorted by two guards is going downstairs.
scene_heading: 4, INT. DAY - DETENTION CELL FOR UNDOCUMENTED FOREIGNERS. 4.
text: Several detained women from different nationalities are waiting. Among
text: them, is Rahil; she stands up and follows a guard who handcuffs her.
scene_heading: 5. INT. DAY- PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION BUS 5.
text: Few young children asleep in the bus. A middle- aged couple, poorly
text: dressed is sitting in the bus among other passengers. They are both lost in
text: their thoughts, silent and worried.
scene_heading: 6. EXT. DAY-IN FRONT OF THE COURTHOUSE 6.
text: A few journalists from the local press are busy adjusting their cameras
text: and reporting in front of the stairs of the ministry of justice.
scene_heading: 7. INT.DAY-HALLWAY IN THE BACK OF THE COURT 7.
text: Each escorted by a guard, Rahil and Zain are waiting in front of the back
text: entrance of the courthouse. Zain keeps his head down while trying to
text: avoid Rahil’s heavy gaze.
scene_heading: 8. INT.DAY-COURTROOM 8.
text: A chaotic atmosphere fills the room. Zain follows Nadine, his lawyer. Nadine
text: is dressed in her attorney attire and holds a bag. She sits next to him. Nadine
text: stares at Zain’s parents, while Rahil looks sad and lost in her thoughts.
scene_heading: THE JUDGE (ADDRESSES THE PEOPLE IN THE
speaker_heading: ROOM)
text: Court's in session.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE (ADDRESSING ZAIN)
dialog: Zain El Hajj.
scene_heading: THE JUDGE (ADDRESSING THE GUARD)
text: Uncuff him and let him approach the bench.
text: Zain stands up to get closer to the bars. The guard uncuffs him.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: Souad and Selim Al Hajj.
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: Yes.
text: Souad and Selim stand up and get closer.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
text: The plaintiff is in custody. He is present and uncuffed.
dialog: Show me your hands.
dialog: Also present... His attorney, Nadine Al Aalam.
dialog: Also present, the defendants...
text: Selim and Souad Al Hajj, and their attorney, Saiid Tamer.
dialog: Do you know why you are here, Souad?
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: I know why I'm here, your Honor.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: I know that my son is serving time in prison, but not why he's
dialog: dragging us back here.
speaker_heading: SELIM
dialog: We're floor mats, anyone can sue us!
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: You were a witness in Zain's previous trial, right?
speaker_heading: SELIM
dialog: Yes
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: Did you testify?
speaker_heading: SELIM
dialog: Yes
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: And now you are the accused.
dialog: Do you know what Zain was convicted of?
speaker_heading: SOUAD
text: Zain did something childish and was put in jail for it.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: Childish? He was sentenced to five years! He committed a
dialog: crime. Childish? Anyway...
dialog: How old are you, Zain?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I don't know? Ask them.
text: Souad puts her head down and avoids looking at the lawyer. Nadine steps
text: closer to the judge and presents the forensic doctor’s medical certificate.
speaker_heading: NADINE (PRESENTS THE REPORT)
dialog: Your Honor, Zain has no birth certificate, and has never been
dialog: registered with the state.
dialog: And his parents apparently don't know his exact date of birth...
dialog: Here's the medical examiner's report that states that Zain was
text: approximately 12 years old at the time of the incident.
scene_heading: THE JUDGE (WHILE LOOKING AT THE REPORT)
dialog: So he's 12 years old?
speaker_heading: NADINE
dialog: Correct.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: Where do you live, Zain?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Roumieh Prison for Juveniles.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: Arrested on June 15, you're serving your sentence.
dialog: Do you know why?
speaker_heading: ZAIN (WITH BITTERNESS)
dialog: Because | stabbed a sonofabitch.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: You stabbed someone?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Yes, a sonofabitch.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: Really?
dialog: You're insisting?
text: People in the courtroom start laughing.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: No laughing in court!
dialog: What's all this fuss you've caused?
dialog: On TV and the media, your phone call from prison?
dialog: Know why you're here?
speaker_heading: ZAIN (WITH BITTERNESS)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I want to sue my parents.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: Why do you want to sue your parents?
scene_heading: ZAIN (WITH SAD LOOK IN HIS EYES)
dialog: Because I was born.
scene_heading: 9. INT.DAY-PHARMACY 9.
text: Zain goes to the neighborhood pharmacy.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST
dialog: Good morning.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I want two packs of Tramadol.
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST
dialog: You need a prescription.
text: Zain gives the pharmacist the wrinkled prescription
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST
dialog: Who's this medicine for?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: My mother
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST
dialog: Why didn't she come herself?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: She had a stomach operation.
text: Zain runs to another pharmacy and asks for Tramal while giving another
dialog: excuse.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
text: She broke her back.
speaker_heading: SECOND PHARMACIST
dialog: Her doctor wrote this?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SECOND PHARMACIST
dialog: Couldn't your father come instead?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
text: He's paralyzed.
scene_heading: 10. INT.DAY-ZAIN’S HOME 10.
text: Zain’s little sister, a one year old girl has her leg chained. Meanwhile, Zain
text: and his other sister empty the boxes of Tramal drugs in a basin full of
text: water. His mother Souad minces the Tramal. Sahar stirs the water. Zain
text: puts soaks clothes in the basin. Close by, the toddler starts to play with
text: the empty boxes.
scene_heading: 11. EXT.DAY-BALCONY 11.
text: Laundry hanging, drying in the wind.
scene_heading: 12. INT.DAY-ZAIN’S HOME 12.
text: Souad puts make up and gets ready to leave the house. A crying child is
text: heard in the background. While Souad and Zain are packing things up,
text: she hits him.
scene_heading: 13. INT.DAY-PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION BUS 13.
text: Souad poorly dressed, sits in the back of a crowded bus and smokes a
text: cigarette. Her one year old little girl is sitting on her lap, while Zain is
text: standing next to them and looking at his mother.
scene_heading: 14. EXT.DAY- PRISON ENTRANCE 14.
text: Zain and Souad, short of breath, are walking, among several other
text: women, carrying heavy bags and heading to the prison entrance. Zain
text: looks exhausted.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Who are you here to see?
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: My son.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: His name?
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: Ibrahim E] Hajj.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Ibrahim E] Hajj?
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: 15. EXT.DAY- PRISON COURTYARD 15.
text: We see laundry hanging through the steel bars of several windows. They
text: are hanging on a cracked facade of an old building. A man calls Souad
text: from one of the prison windows. Souad looks up to spot the guy. She is
text: holding her daughter in a hand and bags in another. Zain looks up and
text: smiles at his cousin.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Aunt Souad?
dialog: Over here!
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: Who's that? Massoud?
dialog: Howare you?
speaker_heading: MASSOUD
dialog: How are you, my darling?
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: Isn't my son Ibrahim with you?
speaker_heading: MASSOUD
dialog: No, they took him to another cell!
text: The one year old makes babbling sound.
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: She's trying to talk to you!
dialog: Wave him goodbye.
dialog: Wave.
dialog: Zain, wave to your cousin.
text: Zain waves at his cousin, who waves back at him.
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: Are all your brothers with you?
speaker_heading: MASSOUD
dialog: Yes, everyone!
speaker_heading: SOUAD (WITH A SMILE)
dialog: God bless you.
scene_heading: 16. INT.DAY-PRISON SECURITY CHECK 16.
text: The officer empties the bags and carefully checks the clothes. Souad looks
text: worried. Another officer is checking whether Zain is hiding anything
dialog: illegal.
scene_heading: 17. INT.DAY-PRISON PARLOR 17.
text: Souad and Zain pass by a long line of visitors, talking on the phones. Their
text: combined voices create a loud noise in the corridor.
text: Souad lays down her baby girl and smokes a cigarette, while Zain is
text: standing next to her.
text: On the other side of the glass windows where the inmates sit, a young
text: man holds the telephone and speaks to Souad.
speaker_heading: IBRAHIM (OVER THE TELEPHONE)
dialog: Mom, we raised the price to $15 a shot now.
text: Our hands are messed up from wringing out the clothes.
text: SOUAD (SPEAKING ON THE PHONE TO HER
speaker_heading: SON)
dialog: So now our special juice is worth more than a kilo of meat!
speaker_heading: SOUAD (WITH PRIDE)
dialog: Good for you!
dialog: 18.
text: Chaos fills the hall. The mother is still talking to her son but we can’t
text: hear the conversation anymore. The little girl is playing with a toy,
text: while Zain, who seems sad, is lost in his thoughts.
scene_heading: EXT.DAY-IN FRONT OF ASSAD’S MARKET 18.
text: In the mid-day heat, Zain is struggling to unload heavy gallons froma
dialog: little truck.
text: A young man in his twenties, Assad appears behind him.
speaker_heading: ASSAD
dialog: Hurry up! Let's go.
text: While Zain carries boxes, a small van passes by. The kids’ backpacks are
text: tied outside of the van onto the bumper and the side mirrors. The van
text: stops, not far from Zain. A young lady gets down making way for the
text: children to exit. The lady gets in the van again while looking
text: disappointed at Zain.
speaker_heading: STUDENT
dialog: Do we have a test tomorrow?
speaker_heading: THE YOUNG LADY
dialog: Check your notebook.
text: Zain puts two gallons of water in an old stroller. He is getting ready to
text: leave the market when Assad hands him two cartons of cigarettes.
speaker_heading: ASSAD
dialog: These are for your mother...
dialog: And these are for my beautiful Sahar.
dialog: I miss her.
text: In another bag, Assad puts ramen noodles and liquorice.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: ASSAD
dialog: Take care.
text: Zain leaves carrying all the bags.
scene_heading: 19. EXT.AFTERNOON-THE NEIGHBORHOOD 19.
text: On his way, he angrily throws the bag of snacks in a carton box on the
text: street and heads home. A confused man is seen checking what Zain threw.
text: Zain crosses a crammed street in his poor neighborhood, filled with old
text: buildings and lower-class people.
scene_heading: 20. INT.AFTERNOON-ZAIN’S DECREPIT BUILDING 20.
text: Zain gets inside the building, while a young girl was standing outside.
text: Zain climbs the dark and dirty stairs of an old building with cracked walls.
text: Dirty water is dripping down the steps, and he can hear a child’s loud
text: screams as he walks up the stairway.
scene_heading: 21. INT.AFTERNOON-ZAIN’S HOME 21.
text: Souad is cursing and mopping the floor filled with water.
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: Assaad's father, that asshole.
dialog: Every time he fills the water tank, we drown because of his
dialog: rotten pipes!
dialog: That bastard thinks we owe him for letting us live here for free.
text: Ayoung girl is holding a broom, while two older ones are helping their
text: mother get rid of the water filling up the house. The door is open. Zain
text: knocks on a door using his head. He is holding the grocery bags with his
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Sahar!
speaker_heading: SOUAD (ANGRILY)
dialog: This isn't a house, it's a pigsty!
dialog: To hell with you all.
text: Sahar opens the door and helps her brother with the water gallons.
scene_heading: SOUAD (SHOUTING AT HER DAUGHTERS)
dialog: Get out of here.
dialog: You'll all be electrocuted! Out!
dialog: This house is a curse!
text: In the corner of the room, Selim, Zain’s father is sitting on a chair while
text: his wife is cursing and two of their daughters are sitting on a wretched
text: and dirty couch.
scene_heading: SELIM (REPLYING TO SOUAD)
dialog: So go live on the street, there's plenty of room!
text: Zain’s little sister is loudly crying. Her foot is chained.
scene_heading: SOUAD (SHOUTING AT ZAIN)
dialog: Zain, why are the vegetables rotten?
dialog: Did you upset Assaad?
text: Zain stands up and unties his little sister’s foot. He holds her and takes
text: her to another room. She stops crying.
speaker_heading: SAHAR
dialog: Zain, did he give you liquorice and ramen for me?
scene_heading: 22. EXT.NIGHT- NEIGHBORHOOD TOP VIEW 22.
text: Top view showing old, poor, unorganized neighborhood and cracked
dialog: buildings.
scene_heading: 23. INT.NIGHT-ZAIN’S HOME 23.
text: A curtainless window is covered with a bed sheet. An old teddy bear is on
text: a chair ina dark room. Behind the curtains we hear the parents having
text: sex. Zain and his little sister are still awake with their eyes wide open.
text: Zain switches to the other side and signals his sister not to speak.
scene_heading: 24. INT.DAY- ZAIN’S HOME 24.
text: In the other room, Zain’s six sisters and brothers are helping their mother
dialog: squeeze the juice.
speaker_heading: LITTLE SISTER
dialog: Wake up, Zain!
speaker_heading: ZAIN
text: It's dawn.
dialog: Leave me the fuck alone!
speaker_heading: LITTLE SISTER
dialog: Wake up, you donkey!
text: When he wakes up, Zain discovers a bloodstain on the mattress next to
text: him. He smells it then checks whether he injured his arm. He becomes
text: worried and lost in thought.
scene_heading: 25. EXT.DAY-STREET 25.
text: Zain and his sisters are heading to the sidewalk holding pails and
text: buckets. He is also holding a rectangular piece of wood.
scene_heading: 26. EXT.DAY-SIDEWALK 26.
text: Ina crowded street of this neighborhood, Zain squeezes lemon in the
text: cups filled with carrots vegetables lined up in front of him, while his little
text: sister eats a mankoushe. He sits on the sidewalk next to one of his sisters,
text: while another one is heard crying.
scene_heading: ZAIN (SINGING TO PROMOTE THE JUICE)
dialog: Juice of all juices, for multiple uses!
text: A boy buys one cup.
text: Sahar is holding her youngest sister. The two other sisters, are selling
text: cups of juice, while Zain is sitting and lost in his thoughts.
speaker_heading: ZAIN (TO SAHAR)
dialog: Come here, Sahar.
dialog: What's this blood on your shorts?
scene_heading: SAHAR (LOOKING AT HER SHORTS)
dialog: What blood?
scene_heading: 27. EXT.DAY-STREET 27.
text: Zain drags his sister Sahar to a public restroom.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Hurry up.
dialog: Someone might see us.
scene_heading: 28. INT.DAY-PUBLIC RESTROOMS 28.
text: In the dirty, broken down public restrooms, Zain is scrubbing his sister’s
text: underwear over the sink. Sahar is sitting on the toilet seat.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Remember what happened to your friend, Alia? Her mother
text: locked her in the house until some pig came and took her away.
dialog: f Mom finds out, she'll get rid of you. She'll give you to Assad.
speaker_heading: SAHAR
dialog: But Assaad's really nice.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: He's a fart!
speaker_heading: SAHAR (NAIVE)
dialog: But he gives me ramen and liquorice for free.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: He'll give you shit to eat! They'll give you to Assaad to get rid of
dialog: you. We'll never see you again. He'll lock you up in aroom full
dialog: of rats, and cover the windows. You'll never go outside. Every
dialog: three days, he'll give you a drop of water and expired ramen.
dialog: Didn't you see his ear? A sewer rat bit him.
dialog: 
text: Sahar looks scared. Zain tries drying his sister’s underwear.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Here, put this on.
text: He takes off his t-shirt, folds it and puts it in his sister’s panties.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Are you done?
speaker_heading: SAHAR
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Here.
speaker_heading: SAHAR
dialog: What do I do with this?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Put it here, in your panties.
scene_heading: 29. INT.DAY-ASSAD’S MARKET 29.
text: Assad is working in his store. In the back of the grocery store, Zain hides a
text: box of sanitary napkins under his t-shirt and pants while his sister is
text: outside talking to Assad.
speaker_heading: ASSAD (OFF CAMERA)
dialog: Your hair's so beautiful! Who did it? Hamada? Can I see?
dialog: You done, chief?
text: Sahar is eating ramen noodles in front of Assad’s market. Assad is
text: standing in front of her smoking a cigarette.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
text: Still have to stack the Pepsis. Mom's waiting for Sahar.
speaker_heading: ASSAD
dialog: Stay a bit. I'm enjoying your sister.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I'll bring her back.
speaker_heading: ASSAD
dialog: I'll talk to your mom. Bye.
scene_heading: 30. EXT.DAY- ROOFTOP 30.
text: Zain and Sahar are sitting next to each other’s. Zain is drumming on an
text: old trash bin. His sister is holding him tight and resting her head on her
text: brother’s shoulder. They start singing.
text: A flock of birds passes. Sahar’s short is drying under the sunlight.
text: Buildings and balconies around them are in a very poor state.
text: On a rooftop we see a young girl carrying a gallon. On a balcony, a group
text: of children playing with papers.
text: Zain and Sahar are holding a conversation. They stand up and stare into
dialog: space.
scene_heading: 31. EXT.DAY-THE STREET 31.
text: Sahar and Zain are walking together. Sahar is eating Ramen Noodles.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Careful. Don't just throw the pads anywhere, I'll show you
dialog: where to hide them. I'll show you? Got it?
speaker_heading: SAHAR
dialog: Yeah.
text: We see Zain and Sahar going down the street. Sahar is walking
text: uncomfortably. She is scratching her backside because her short is still
dialog: wet.
scene_heading: 32. EXT.EVENING-SIDEWALK 32.
text: In a crowded street of this neighborhood, several plastic cups are filled
text: with a vegetable juice colored like beets and lined up in front of Zain who
text: sings funny Arabic rhymes promoting the juices that they are selling. Next
text: to him, his little sister is selling juice to people walking by as well.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Beetroot juice, better than booze!
dialog: Tomato juice, makes you loose!
dialog: That's 250.
scene_heading: THE LITTLE SISTER (SMILING AT CUSTOMER)
dialog: Thank you, bye!
text: Next to them, Sahar is selling gum to the cars.
speaker_heading: SAHAR
dialog: Here you go. God bless you.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Here, take two.
scene_heading: 33. EXT.NIGHT-SIDEWALK 33.
text: It is getting darker. Zain and his sisters are still sitting on the sidewalk.
text: Sahar, who seems scared, is sitting alone in a corner. A man approaches
text: her. With a sad look in his eyes, Zain is sitting on a rope and watching his
dialog: sister.
speaker_heading: SAHAR (ADDRESSING THE MAN)
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I wanna show you something.
speaker_heading: SAHAR
dialog: Leave me alone.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Come on, just for a bit!
speaker_heading: SAHAR
dialog: Get out of my face, creep.
scene_heading: 34. EXT.NIGHT-STREET 34.
text: Zain hits an older teenager in the street. His sister is behind him eating
text: ramen noodles. Little kids are watching the scene.
speaker_heading: MAN (BACKGROUND)
dialog: Drop it, Zain.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Don't fuck with me, asshole!
text: Zain grabs Sahar’s arm and heads home.
scene_heading: 35. INT.NIGHT-ZAIN’S HOME 35.
text: Zain’s family is having dinner. They are eating a little meal by candlelight.
text: Sahar is eating bread. Souad brings food to the table.
speaker_heading: SELIM
dialog: What do you want to go to school for? Forget it. Keep working
dialog: at Assaad's.
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: Why are you complicating things?
dialog: Let him go and learn a word or two.
dialog: Go sit next to your sister, but don't wake her up.
dialog: Let him go to school.
dialog: They'll give us some food and clothes.
speaker_heading: SELIM
dialog: And what do we tell Assad?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Assaad? I'll talk to him. I'll go to school in the morning, and
text: work for him in the afternoon.
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: Haven't you seen Zahra's son, Farid? He comes back from
dialog: school loaded with stuff. We'll get mattresses, clothes for the
dialog: kids...
speaker_heading: SELIM
dialog: Shut up!
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: At least he'll eat there and bring food for his sisters. Leftovers
dialog: from the fanciest hotels and weddings. It'll be good for all of us!
dialog: Why are you being so stubborn?
speaker_heading: SELIM
dialog: God willing, we'll see on Monday.
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: God willing?
speaker_heading: SELIM
dialog: Want me to swear on the bread? I said ok. What if Assaad gets
dialog: upset and kicks us out?
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: Don't worry, he's not gonna get upset.
text: Zain can still go work for Assaad after school.
scene_heading: 36. EXT.DAWN-AERIAL VIEW NEIGHBORHOOD 36.
text: Sun is rising, cracked and old buildings are seen.
scene_heading: 37. INT.DAY-RESTROOM 37.
text: In the small broken down bathroom Zain, topless, is holding a small water
text: bucket and washing up. Soap gets in his eyes while washing his face.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: God damn soap!
scene_heading: 38. EXT.DAY-IN FRONT OF ASSAD’S MARKET 38.
text: Assad smokes a cigarette and looks at Zain, who sits on the sidewalk and
text: eats nuts. He seems in a bad mood.
scene_heading: ASSAD (TO ZAIN IN AN ANNOYED TONE)
dialog: What's your problem? Chill. Take a gas tank over to Emm
text: Habib down the street.
text: Zain is mocking Assad behind his back.
scene_heading: 39. EXT.DAY-STREET 39.
text: Zain takes a gas tank and struggles to drag it down the street. He makes
text: way for the same school van to pass. Streets are full of graffiti and
dialog: people.
scene_heading: 40. EXT.NIGHT-STREET 40.
text: Zain delivers another gas tank and struggles to drag it down the street.
text: Noise can be heard loud and clear. The street looks busy.
scene_heading: 41. INT.NIGHT-BAHIA’S SMALL SNACK 41.
text: Zain struggles to take the gas tank inside the small snack. He fixes it.
text: Bahia is a veiled woman.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Mrs. Bahia, I'm done.
speaker_heading: BAHIA
dialog: 42.
dialog: 43.
dialog: 44,
dialog: 45.
dialog: 46.
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: 13,000.
scene_heading: EXT.RAINY DAY-STREET 42.
text: Zain is walking with a stroller filled with grocery bags to deliver under
text: heavy rain. He is only wearing a t-shirt and red pants. He is thirsty. He
text: opens his mouth to drink the rain water. He reaches an old building and
text: gets inside.
scene_heading: INT.DAY- OLD BUILDING 43.
text: In front of an old house door, stands a veiled woman who rushes to help
text: Zain with the heavy grocery bags. The hall seems chaotic, with clothes
text: and chairs hanging around.
scene_heading: INT.DAY- ANOTHER OLD BUILDING 44.
text: Zain is delivering more grocery bags. This time, to a man in his 20s, who
text: is smoking a cigarette. The man looks high. He tries to invite Zain over
text: and holds his head to try to kiss him. Zain removes the man’s head off
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Get your fucking hands off me!
scene_heading: EXT.EVENING-STREET 45.
text: Zain is holding bags and looking around him. Many people are walking
text: around. We can hear motorcycle noises.
scene_heading: INT. DAY-STAIRS OF ZAIN’S BUILDING 46.
text: The stairway is very chaotic and dirty. There are chickens clucking. He
text: continues to go up till he sees one of his little sisters holding one chicken.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Where did these chickens come from? Who brought them?
speaker_heading: LITTLE SISTER
text: Assaad. He's upstairs.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Assaad's upstairs?
speaker_heading: LITTLE SISTER
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: 47. INT.DAY-ZAIN’S HOME 47.
text: When he arrives to his doorway, he sees his other brothers and sisters
text: playing with the chickens. He rushes and goes up and gets in a dark room.
text: He looks through the half-open door to see Assad and Abou Assad
text: (Assad’s father) sitting on the couch. One of his young sisters is sitting on
text: Selim’s knees. He opens the door slightly more to see his sister Sahar,
text: who’s wearing a sequin dress and vulgar makeup, sitting next to Assad,
text: who’s wearing a shirt.
scene_heading: 48. INT.DAY-KITCHEN 48.
text: Angry Zain enters the kitchen to see his mother preparing juice.
speaker_heading: ZAIN (ANGRILY)
dialog: What's Assaad doing here?
speaker_heading: SOUAD (WHISPERING)
dialog: Calm down. He's discussing the rent with your father.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I'd bet my arm you're trading these chickens for Sahar.
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: Listen to me, wait...
scene_heading: ZAIN (TALKING ABOUT ASSAD)
dialog: Tell that sonofabitch he has no business here.
speaker_heading: SOUAD (GRABS ZAIN’S ARM)
dialog: Understand what I'm saying?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Go tell him or I will.
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: Keep your voice down. I swear on your sisters, | swear to God...
dialog: It's nothing, it's all in your head.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: So why's Sahar wearing makeup?
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: She's imitating me for fun.
text: One of his sisters is listening to the conversation from behind.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: When they finish their juice, I'm kicking them out.
speaker_heading: SOUAD (HOLDS HIS FACE)
dialog: Listen, don't make me crazy, got it?
scene_heading: ZAIN (WHILE HIS MOTHER KICKS HIM)
dialog: Go tell him it's not happening. Tell him or else I will.
scene_heading: SOUAD (KICKS ZAIN TO THE SLEEPING SPACE)
dialog: I don't want to hear a word. Want them to kick us out? Shut up!
scene_heading: 49. INT.DAY-LIVING ROOM 49.
text: Souad is holding the juice cups and comes inside to serve Assad and his
text: father. Zain quickly runs and tries to eavesdrop to hear the discussion.
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: Welcome, dear neighbors! Abou Assad, please serve yourself.
speaker_heading: ABOU ASSAD
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: SOUAD (TO ASSAD)
dialog: Here you go, Assaad.
speaker_heading: SOUAD (TO SAHAR)
dialog: Take your sister and go inside, dear.
text: Sahar carries her little sister and leaves the room.
scene_heading: 50. EXT.DAY-BEHIND THE CURTAINS, SLEEPING SPACE 50.
text: Sahar comes in with her little sister. Zain looks at her angrily and
text: removes the lipstick off her face with his hand.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Take that disgusting lipstick off your face. You look like a witch
dialog: in that dress.
text: Sahar looks at her brother with a sad look in her eyes. Through a thin gap
text: in the curtains, Zain tries to hear the rest of the discussion. He looks very
dialog: sad.
scene_heading: 51. INT.DAY-LIVING ROOM 51.
text: Souad is listening to the conversation and nodding while she is lost in
dialog: her thoughts.
scene_heading: 52. INT.DAY-LIVING ROOM 52.
text: The visitors left the house. Souad is smoking a cigarette. She is resting
text: her head on her hand. She looks very sad and worried. Selim is looking
text: down. Silence is prevailing. They are clearly thinking what they have
dialog: done.
text: A sequence of city shots
scene_heading: 53. INT.DAY-SLEEPING SPACE 53.
text: Zain is lying down in bed. He is thoughtful and sad.
scene_heading: 54. EXT.EVENING-BUILDINGS VIEW 54.
text: An evening shot of a few buildings showing the misery and poor
text: environment. All the timeworn buildings have several water tanks on
text: top of them. The walls look cracked.
scene_heading: 55. INT.NIGHT-SLEEPING SPACE 55.
text: Lying down next to Sahar and between his brothers and sisters, Zain is
text: unable to sleep, and is deeply pensive.
scene_heading: 56. EXT.NIGHT-RANDOM HOUSE 56.
text: Veiled woman hanging laundry on the balcony.
scene_heading: 57. EXT.NIGHT-OTHER RANDOM HOUSE 57.
text: Man sitting on an old terrace with a goofy young girl with a yellow dress
dialog: dancing.
scene_heading: 58. EXT.DAWN-STREET 58.
text: An upper shot of an empty street showing cars and a hanging cross.
scene_heading: 59. EXT. MORNING-BUILDINGS 59.
text: Another shot, of a few buildings showing the misery and poor
text: environment. All the timeworn buildings have several cable dishes on
text: top of them. The walls look cracked. The sun is shining.
scene_heading: 60. EXT.DAY-BUILDINGS 60.
text: A shot of buildings, an electricity column, and a tower. Birds are hanging
text: on the electricity column.
scene_heading: 61. INT.DAY-ZAIN’S HOME 61.
text: Zain sitting on the ground with tears filling his eyes. He is deeply
dialog: thinking.
scene_heading: 62. INT.DAY-SLEEPING SPACE 62.
text: Old dirty slippers and shoes are scattered on the ground next to the
text: sleeping mattress, where one of Zain’s sisters is sleeping. Another two
text: are sleeping and hugging each other's.
dialog: 63,
dialog: 64.
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: . INT.DAY-LIVING ROOM 63.
text: Selim asleep on a couch with a whiskey glass and a burning cigarette are
text: left on the table by his side.
scene_heading: INT.DAY-SLEEPING SPACE 64.
text: A little girl is eating powder milk directly from the box with a spoon.
text: Around her lie more scattered shoes. Zain gets closer to her and signals
text: her to stay quiet and not to make any noise so that no one wakes up. He
text: holds a garbage bag. He removes his slippers. All his other sisters are
text: crammed and asleep. He climbs carefully so he doesn’t wake them up,
text: and opens a drawer and takes some of Sahar’s old underwears and puts
text: them in the bag. He goes to another drawer and takes clothes. He finds a
text: white dress between them. He keeps it inside. Zain comes closer to
dialog: Sahar.
scene_heading: ZAIN (WHISPERING IN SAHAR’S EAR)
dialog: Sahar... Sahar! Wake up, we're going somewhere.
scene_heading: SAHAR (TRYING TO WAKE UP)
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I'll tell you later. Be ready when I come back. Don't tell anyone.
text: He picks the pile of clothes and puts the in the blue garbage bag. He
text: takes a glimpse at her then goes.
scene_heading: INT.DAY-LIVING ROOM 65.
text: He takes a few thousands liras from his father’s wallet and takes the bag
text: and leaves.
scene_heading: 66. INT.DAY-MARKET 66.
text: In the back of the market, Zain discreetly picks up some canned food,
text: little bit of bread, sanitary napkins, and puts them in the same garbage
text: bag. On his way out, he drops the actual garbage bags and keeps the one
text: that contains clothes and food with him and leaves.
scene_heading: 67. EXT.DAY-BUS STATION 83.
text: In the noontime heat, carrying his bag, Zain runs to one of the parked
text: busses at a bus station.
speaker_heading: ZAIN (TO THE DRIVER)
dialog: How much to get to Cola Area?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: 1,000.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: If I put my sister in my lap, can you take us for 1,000?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Where's your sister?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: At home, I'll go get her now.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: No problem, go and get her.
text: Zain runs back home.
scene_heading: 68. INT.DAY-STAIRS OF ZAIN’S BUILDING 68.
text: Zain runs up the stairs quickly. He hears screaming and shouting.
scene_heading: SAHAR (BEGGING AND CRYING)
dialog: Please, don't make me go! I don't want to, I beg you! Please
dialog: don't make me go!
speaker_heading: SOUAD (SCREAMING AT HER)
dialog: If you come back, I'll beat the crap out of you.
text: Zain runs into Souad who is hurrying down the stairs pushing Sahar and
text: carrying her girl’s belongings by one hand, and in the other hand holding
text: one of her toddlers.
scene_heading: ZAIN (SHOUTING AT HIS MOTHER)
dialog: Where are you taking her, you bastards? You're sending her to
dialog: be that asshole's maid?
scene_heading: SAHAR (SHE RUNS AND HIDES BEHIND HIM)
dialog: I want to stay with my brother.
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: It's none of your business.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: She's just a kid, Mom!
speaker_heading: SOUAD (WHILE HITTING ZAIN)
dialog: Mind your own business. Get out of the way! Butt out. Go
dialog: down! One more move and I'll kill you. I know what you've
dialog: been hiding. You were about to get us into deep shit.
text: Souad rushes down and hits Zain again. Zain then follows them back
text: down and holds his sister’s hand. They are fighting on the stairway.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: You want her to wipe that pig's ass!
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: Fuck off! Get out of my face! Go down! Let go of her!
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: She's not going to Assaad!
text: Zain takes Sahar and runs back to the house and closes the door. His
text: mother follows them, opens the door, and drags Sahar by her hand.
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: You little bastard! Open the door, you little shit!
speaker_heading: SAHAR
dialog: I don't want to go, Mom! I don't want to go! Leave me alone!
dialog: I'm begging you, Mom! Don't make me go!
text: Souad puts her toddler down, hits Zain and shouts at him.
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: Sahar, come right now! Enough! Stop it, get the hell down!
speaker_heading: SAHAR
dialog: I want to stay, I beg you.
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: Get downstairs! Downstairs! Get downstairs!
speaker_heading: SAHAR
dialog: Mom, I beg you, please!
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: Little bastard.
text: Zain, on the ground, is in pain. He stands up and keeps on trying to stop
text: his mother from sending her to Assad. Selim shows up and starts cursing
text: and shouting.
speaker_heading: SELIM
dialog: Damn you all!
text: He grabs Sahar and carries her on his back.
speaker_heading: SAHAR (CRYING)
dialog: I don't want to go, Mom!
speaker_heading: SELIM
dialog: Enough! Enough of this hell!
scene_heading: 69. EXT.DAY- IN FRONT OF ZAIN’S BUILDING 69.
text: Selim grabs his daughter and gets on his moped. Souad puts Sahar and
text: her belongings behind him while he gets ready to leave. Kids around them
text: are crying.
speaker_heading: SELIM
dialog: Put her on! One more word and I'll cut your tongue out!
text: Zain tries to stop the moped, while his mother is hitting him and shouting.
speaker_heading: SAHAR (HITTING HER FATHER)
dialog: No!
text: Zain runs after them, while his mother is standing and looking at them
text: from behind.
speaker_heading: ZAIN (SCREAMING)
dialog: Sahar! Sahar!
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: Let her go!
text: Zain has tears in his eyes and a lump in his throat. A few neighbors step
text: out to observe the scene from afar without reaction.
scene_heading: ZAIN (WITH TEARS IN HIS EYES)
dialog: Are you happy now?
text: Zain tries to break a wooden door. His mother starts shouting at him and
text: hitting him.
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: Acting like a man now? I'll show you, you little piece of crap!
text: He runs away so she starts to follow him and shout. She grabs a slipper
text: and throws it at him.
scene_heading: 70. EXT.DAY-ON THE STREETS 70.
text: Zain is running on the street enraged, with tears in his eyes.
text: BACK TO THE COURT
scene_heading: 71. INT.DAY-COURTROOM 71.
scene_heading: SELIM (WITH TEARS IN HIS EYES)
dialog: To get her out of her misery. She's dead with us, your Honor.
text: She barely has a bed to sleep in. She hardly eats or drinks,
dialog: barely showers... Never watches TV. I thought, "Marry her off.
text: At least she'll have a bed." A real bed. With a blanket. She'll eat.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: You didn't expect it would lead to this?
scene_heading: SELIM (CRYING; ZAIN LOOKS AT HIM, SAD)
dialog: No, never! I never meant for this to happen. Think I'm happy
dialog: my son stabbed someone? Ever think that maybe all this is not
dialog: our fault? I was born and raised this way. Why blame me? If I
dialog: had the choice, I'd be a better man than all of you!
scene_heading: DEFENSE LAWYER
dialog: You can't speak this way.
speaker_heading: SELIM
dialog: If you please... When I walk outside, I'll be covered with spit.
dialog: People think I'm an animal. I never intended any of this. I was
dialog: told: "Without children, you're not a man." "Your children will
dialog: be your backbone." But they broke my back, broke my heart
dialog: and humiliated me. I curse the day I got married. Why did I get
dialog: myself into this?
scene_heading: 72. INT.DAY-BUS 72.
text: Shots of the sky and clouds taken from inside. Lost in his thoughts, Zain
text: sits in the bus with a sad look in his eyes. The bus stops and we can see
text: an old man wearing a fake spider-man costume. The man (Harout), holds
text: a cigarette in his hands and sits by Zain’s side. Zain looks at him. He’s
text: surprised to see him there. Zain looks at him fora long time.
speaker_heading: HAROUT
dialog: I'm not him, dear. I just look like him.
speaker_heading: ZAIN (STILL SURPRISED)
dialog: Yeah, but there should bea spider there, not a cockroach.
dialog: Right?
speaker_heading: HAROUT (SMOKING)
dialog: I don't need a spider. I'm Cockroach-Man. What would I need a
dialog: spider for? That's right. I'm Cockroach-Man.
scene_heading: ZAIN (LOOKING OUTSIDE THE WINDOW)
dialog: So how are you related to Spiderman?
speaker_heading: HAROUT
dialog: How are we related? I'm his cousin.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: So you're his cousin?
speaker_heading: HAROUT
dialog: That's right, I'm his cousin. What's your name?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Zain.
speaker_heading: HAROUT
dialog: Hussein?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Zain!
speaker_heading: HAROUT
dialog: Zain! Where are you going, Zain?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: To my grandma's.
speaker_heading: HAROUT
dialog: Speak up.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: To my grandma's!
speaker_heading: HAROUT
dialog: To your grandma's? She's lucky to have you. Nobody really
dialog: cares about me. My life is...
speaker_heading: BUS DRIVER (TO HAROUT)
dialog: Please, sir, your cigarette!
speaker_heading: HAROUT (TO THE DRIVER)
dialog: Please. Slow down, sir. I'd like to get off here, please.
text: Zain sneaks on Harout’s destination. He sees him entering an amusement
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Wait, wait. Stop, sir. I'd like to get off here, too.
scene_heading: 73. EXT.DAY-IN FRONT OF AN OLD AMUSEMENT PARK 73.
text: A woman (Daad) is selling corn on her stand and shouting phrases to
dialog: promote her corns and attract clients.
speaker_heading: DAAD
dialog: Corn on the cob, God's favorite crop!
scene_heading: 74. EXT.DAY-AN OLD AMUSEMENT PARK 74.
text: Zain is searching for Harout around the park. Music is playing in the
dialog: background.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Mr. Cockroach-Man?
text: Zain is still looking around; he is observing the amusement park rides
text: while dragging his plastic bag behind him. He stops by one of the rides.
scene_heading: 75. EXT.DAY- ON A FERRIS WHEEL RIDE 75.
text: Zain is sitting on a seat of the ferris wheel ride that rises above the floor.
text: His eyes are filled with tears. We see shots of the sunrise taken from
text: above. On the ground, Harout is smoking a cigarette and looking up.
scene_heading: 76. EXT.NIGHT-FERRIS WHEEL 76.
text: We see a shot of a ferris wheel at night with colorful lights going on and
dialog: off.
scene_heading: 77. EXT.DAY-FERRIS WHEEL 77.
text: We see a shot of the ferris wheel in the morning.
scene_heading: 78. EXT.DAY-AMUSEMENT PARK 78.
text: Zain is sleeping on a plastic bag on the floor under one of the rides’ seats,
text: with ramen noodles pack in his hand. When awake, he eats the remains
text: of the noodles, and then throws the empty packet on the ground.
text: Then, he lies in one of the rides’ seats, barefoot, facing a huge woman
text: statue decorating and attached in the middle of the game.
scene_heading: 79. EXT.DAY-AMUSEMENT PARK 79.
text: Zain unbuttons the woman’s shirt (the statue) and exposes her breasts,
text: and then steps back to observe it.
scene_heading: 80. INT.DAY-RESTAURANT WINDOW 80.
text: Rahil watches Zain from the window she is cleaning, and starts laughing.
text: She has a hairnet and cleaning gloves on.
scene_heading: 81. INT.DAY-RESTAURANT 81.
text: Zain, who is holding his plastic bag, gets inside. He sees Rahil, who is
text: sweeping the floor.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Is the owner here?
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Is the owner here?
speaker_heading: RAHIL (SMILING)
dialog: What do you want from him?
scene_heading: 82. INT.DAY-RESTAURANT TABLE 82.
text: Zain is eating a sandwich and drinking tea. In front of him sits Rahil, who
dialog: gave him the food.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I want to ask him for a job.
speaker_heading: RAHIL (WORRIED)
dialog: What kind of job?
speaker_heading: ZAIN (SAD)
dialog: Anything, really. I just need work.
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Zain.
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: Zain?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: What's yours?
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: I'm Tigest.
scene_heading: 83. EXT.DAY-IN FRONT OF BAKERY 83.
scene_heading: ZAIN (USING HANDS TO EXPLAIN)
dialog: I could mop the floor, do the dishes...
speaker_heading: BAKER
dialog: I really don't know...
scene_heading: 84, EXT.DAY-IN FRONT OF SNACK 84,
text: Desperate Zain is dragging his plastic bag and roaming the streets
text: looking for a job. He stops by a snack. The employee offers him food but
text: Zain refuses.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Do you have any work for me?
scene_heading: 85. EXT.DAY-ON THE STREET 85.
speaker_heading: ZAIN (TO A FISHERMAN)
dialog: Do you need someone to help you hold your fishing rod?
speaker_heading: FISHERMAN
dialog: Where are your parents? Your parents?
text: Zain doesn’t reply. He looks the other way.
scene_heading: 86. EXT.EVENNING-IN FRONT OF A SNACK 86.
text: Several customers are standing and waiting for their orders.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Sir, do you have a juice or something for 250? Something for
dialog: 250?
speaker_heading: WORKER
dialog: Juice costs 1,000.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Have anything cheaper?
speaker_heading: WORKER
dialog: No.
text: Zain stands there and stares at the food.
scene_heading: CUSTOMER (OFFERINGI ZAIN A SANDWICH)
dialog: Take it... Take it. Go ahead, come on, just take it.
scene_heading: 87. EXT.EVENING- AMUSEMENT PARK 87.
text: Zain heads back to the amusement park. He stares at the naked statue
text: swinging around, with seats full of screaming kids. His eyes are
text: bloodshot from fatigue and lack of sleep.
text: Rahil is looking at him from above, while sweeping the floor. Then they
dialog: exchange looks.
scene_heading: 88. INT.NIGHT-AMUSEMENT PARK’S RESTROOMS 88.
text: Rahil works as a women’s bathroom maid, She sits next to the sink. When
text: a woman enters the bathroom, she stands up.
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: It's occupied, ma'am.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: It's occupied?
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: Yes, and this one's out of service.
text: Rahil is waiting for the woman to wash her hands. She holds tissues. We
text: can see a box for tips, and a basket filled with candy.
text: A loud noise comes out of one of the rides outside.
text: We hear babbling coming from the stall that she said was not working.
text: She climbs on the chair to check behind the door.
dialog: 89
dialog: 90.
dialog: 91.
dialog: 92.
dialog: 93.
dialog: 94,
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: . INT.NIGHT- BATHROOM STALL 89.
text: On top of the toilet seat, inside a basket used as a little bed, enclosed with
text: two chairs, Yonas, Rahil’s child is sleeping.
scene_heading: EXT.NIGHT-AMUSEMENT PARK WOMEN WC 90.
text: Rahil closes the WC door and disappears inside.
scene_heading: NT.NIGHT- AMUSEMENT PARK’S RESTROOMS 91.
text: Rahil makes sure the door is closed so that no one can get inside by
text: fixing it with a floor mop.
scene_heading: NT.NIGHT-BATHROOM STALL 92.
text: She breastfeeds her son. When Yonas looks at her and smiles, she kisses
text: him on his cheek.
scene_heading: NT.NIGHT- AMUSEMENT PARK’S RESTROOMS 93.
text: Rahil is seen leaving the stall while her son is covered. She puts him ina
text: trolley and struggles to cover it with her son’s movements, then leaves.
scene_heading: EXT.NIGHT- AMUSEMENT PARK STAIRWAY 94.
text: She carries the trolley and goes upstairs to leave the park.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT.NIGHT-SIDEWALK 95.
text: Looking anxious, Rahil walks down the sidewalk and drags a trolley
text: behind her while carrying plastic bags. Zain follows her. She hears Zain’s
text: voice from behind.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Tigest? Tigest? Do you have any food? Please.
text: Rahil looks at Zain from head to toe. Then she thinks whether she should
dialog: take him home with her or not.
scene_heading: 96. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S BATHROOM 96.
text: On an old bathroom floor, Rahil gives Yonas and Zain a shower. After
text: shower, Zain is covered in a towel, while she dries her son with another
text: one. Zain is scanning the house.
scene_heading: 97. INT.NIGHT-RAHIL’S HOME 97.
text: Zain is wearing a jacket having dinner quietly. Rahil sits in front of him
text: while Yonas sits on her knees. He babbles.
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: Zain.
text: Rahil kisses Yonas, who puts his hand inside her t-shirt because he is
text: used to her breastfeeding him.
scene_heading: 98. INT.NIGHT-RAHIL’S HOME 98.
text: In the dark, Rahil takes out some cash from one of the copper bars of her
text: bed. She counts the money using her cell phone’s light. She seems
text: thoughtful. Further down the room, with his eyes half open, Zain observes
text: her without her knowing.
scene_heading: 99, EXT.DAY-STREET 99.
text: A shot of an old man is sipping coffee on a table in a small, unorganized
dialog: store.
scene_heading: 100. EXT.DAY-POOR NEIGHBORHOOD 100.
text: A shot of two veiled women carrying heavy objects on their back and
text: walking in an extremely poor neighborhood. The houses are made of
text: plastic, aluminum, and wooden pieces, with no basis. They seem ina
text: very bad condition. Two kids are playing around.
scene_heading: 101. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S BATHROOM 101.
text: On top of the sink, there is a bottle full of milk. We see Rahil with her back
text: turned and breast pumping a second bottle of milk.
scene_heading: 102. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S HOME 102.
text: Annoyed Zain is sitting on the couch, while Yonas is heard babbling and
text: playing in an inflatable pool. Zain turns one of the toys that emit sound
text: and lights on to distract Yonas who directly starts moving his hands and
dialog: dancing.
scene_heading: 103. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S BATHROOM 103.
text: Rahil pretends to be getting ready. She observes Zain from the corner of
text: her eye through the gap of the bathroom door that she kept slightly open.
text: Zain seems to be very comfortable with Yonas. She grabs the bottles and
text: leaves the bathroom.
scene_heading: 104. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S HOME 104.
speaker_heading: RAHIL (WHILE CARRYING YONAS)
dialog: Zain, the milk's here. Give him the first bottle at 11(she shows
dialog: him number eleven on the clock), and the other one at 2
dialog: (shows him the number two)... I'll be back at 3.
scene_heading: 105. INT.DAY-BATHROOM 105.
text: Rahil is getting ready in front of the mirror. Using her black kohl, she
text: draws a beauty mark on her cheek. Next to her is an ID with the picture of
text: a woman with the same visible beauty mark on her face.
scene_heading: 106. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S HOME 106.
text: She burns some incense, takes her son from Zain’s arms, kisses him and
text: places him in the inflatable pool. She whispers some tender words in
dialog: Ethiopian asking him to be a good boy and not to give Zain a hard time.
scene_heading: RAHIL (CARRIES YONAS AND CLOSES WINDOW)
dialog: Don't leave the house, ok? Please don't let Yonas cry a lot. Our
dialog: neighbor's a pain.
scene_heading: RAHIL (SPEAKING ETHIOPIAN TO HER CRYING
speaker_heading: SON)
dialog: Stay with your friend. I'll be back, Yoni. This is your new friend
dialog: now, okay? Zain is your new friend.
scene_heading: RAHIL (SWINGING YONAS IN HER ARMS)
dialog: Are you sleepy?
text: She breastfeeds her son one last time before she leaves. Zain looks the
text: other way. We hear her neighbor's loud shouting outside. Rahil observes
text: Zain without his knowing.
scene_heading: 107. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S HOME 107.
text: Yonas is sobbing. Zain grabs some biscuits and puts them ina plastic
text: plate for Yonas and keeps some for himself. Then, he opens the window
text: and looks outside, while Yonas eats the biscuits. Later on, Zain feeds
dialog: Yonas the milk.
scene_heading: 108. INT.DAY-RESTAURANT KITCHEN 108.
text: Rahil is energetically cleaning the plates. She chats with her Ethiopian
dialog: colleague about her working permit.
speaker_heading: COLLEAGUE (SPEAKING ETHIOPIAN)
dialog: Tell him you don't have that kind of money.
speaker_heading: RAHIL (SPEAKING ETHIOPIAN)
dialog: I did, but he said no less than $1,500. I have to get a new one
text: soon, mine is about to expire.
speaker_heading: COLLEAGUE (SPEAKING ETHIOPIAN)
dialog: Do it right away, you'll be in real trouble without a permit. A lot
text: of girls are getting arrested now, sometimes in the middle of
dialog: the night.
scene_heading: 109. INT.NIGHT-RAHIL’S HOME 109.
text: Zain, wearing dishwashing gloves tries to change Yonas’s diapers with a
text: disgusted look on his face. Yonas is not sitting still; he is moving around
text: and standing up.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: You smell like shit, you little shit. Stop! Sit down. Sit down!
text: Yonas is sobbing, so Zain turns the toy on. The child starts dancing.
scene_heading: ZAIN (BECAUSE YONAS IS MOVING AROUND)
dialog: It slipped.
dialog: (Referring to the diaper)
text: Zain is drumming on the back of a cooker to entertain Yonas, who starts
text: imitating him.
scene_heading: ZAIN (SINGING TO YONAS AND SWINGING HIM)
dialog: Go to sleep, go to sleep... Come on, sleep.
text: Zain falls asleep inside the inflatable pool, while Yonas stays up.
scene_heading: 110. INT.DAY-RESTAURANT KITCHEN 110.
text: At the end of her shift, Rahil finishes washing the last dish. She looks
text: around to see if someone was looking at her. She takes a box of a cake,
text: and hides it in an empty garbage bag.
scene_heading: 111. IN FRONT OF AMUSEMENT PARK 111.
text: Rahil passes in front of the entrance of the amusement park. When Rahil
text: waves Daad goodbye, she invites her over corn.
speaker_heading: DAAD
dialog: Have some corn, darling!
text: Harout is being animated as usual. He has a cigarette hanging out of his
text: mouth. He tries to attract people passing by.
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: Bye, Harout.
speaker_heading: HAROUT
dialog: Come on in, everybody! Welcome!
speaker_heading: DAAD
dialog: It's sizzling hot! Sizzling!
scene_heading: 112. INT.AFTERNOON-BUS 112.
text: Rahil is sitting at the back of the bus with the cake on her lap. She takes
text: out a tissue from her pocket where she had saved a used candle. She
text: sticks it on top of the cake while smiling.
scene_heading: 113. EXT.LATE AFTERNOON-STREET 113.
text: Rahil is walking home in a dirty and busy street.
scene_heading: 114. EXT.LATE AFTERNOON-NEIGHBORHOOD 114.
text: Rahil is walking through a narrow poor neighborhood.
scene_heading: 115. INT.LATE AFTERNOON-RAHIL’S HOME 115.
text: She arrives home to find her son and Zain both asleep in the inflatable
dialog: pool.
scene_heading: 116. INT.LATE AFTERNOON-RAHIL’S HOME 116.
text: In the dark, Rahil is sitting in front of the cake with the burning candles
text: that light up Zain’s face, who’s showing neither a happy, nor sad
dialog: expression.
speaker_heading: RAHIL (ADDRESSING YONAS)
dialog: Blow, blow.
speaker_heading: RAHIL (ADDRESSING ZAIN)
dialog: Blow it out, Zain.
text: Rahil claps her hands for Zain, who smiles at her. Yonas imitates Rahil
text: and claps with her, so they both smile and she kisses her son. His face is
text: glowing the candlelight. Zain eats a piece of cake.
scene_heading: RAHIL (YONAS SLEEPING ON HER CHEST)
dialog: How old are you, Zain?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I don't know, maybe 12.
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: How many brothers and sisters do you have?
speaker_heading: ZAIN (SARCASTIC)
dialog: Alot.
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: Don't you miss them?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I do. I miss my sister Sahar the most.
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: Where's your sister now?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
text: With her husband.
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: We brought a drum and tambourine, and had a big wedding on
text: the street. They threw rice and roses from balconies.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: Sounds great.
text: BACK TO THE COURT
scene_heading: 117. INT.DAY-COURTROOM 117.
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: Rahil Eresa.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: Your family name?
dialog: Shifaraw.
speaker_heading: RAI
speaker_heading: TH
speaker_heading: HIL
speaker_heading: E JUDGE
dialog: Do you know why you're in custody? Why you're handcuffed?
speaker_heading: RAI
speaker_heading: HIL
dialog: Because | don't have a permit.
speaker_heading: TH
speaker_heading: E JUDGE
dialog: You don't have a residency permit? Where were you working?
speaker_heading: RAI
speaker_heading: HIL
dialog: I worked for a madame for six years.
speaker_heading: TH
speaker_heading: E JUDGE
dialog: And then you left? Wasn't she good to you? Did she hit you?
speaker_heading: RAI
dialog: No, she was good
dialog: expecting, so I left...
speaker_heading: TH
dialog: You were what?
speaker_heading: RAI
dialog: I was expecting a
speaker_heading: TH
speaker_heading: HIL
dialog: to me, but I fell in love with someone... 1 was
speaker_heading: E JUDGE
speaker_heading: HIL
dialog: baby, so I left.
speaker_heading: E JUDGE
dialog: Expecting? You speak Arabic well. Understand everything I'm
dialog: saying?
dialog: Yes, I understand.
speaker_heading: RAI
speaker_heading: TH
speaker_heading: HIL
speaker_heading: E JUDGE
dialog: Sono need fora translator?
dialog: No need.
speaker_heading: RAI
speaker_heading: TH
speaker_heading: HIL
speaker_heading: E JUDGE
dialog: You left so she wouldn't find out?
speaker_heading: RAI
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HIL
dialog: I was afraid the police would take my son away and deport me.
dialog: That's why I didn't tell anyone.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: So you'd leave Yonas with Zain when you went to work. Was he
dialog: taking good care of your baby? Never thought he might harm
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: I was a little scared the first couple of days, but then I started
dialog: to really trust him.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: You never expected Zain could do what he did?
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: Never. They were like brothers. But I don't blame Zain, because
dialog: I know what Aspro is like.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: Who is this Aspro?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: The man who forged my permit.
scene_heading: 118. EXT.DAY-SUNDAY FLEA MARKET 118.
text: Rahil is walking through the narrow alleys of the souks where several
text: kiosks are selling a little bit of everything... counterfeit merchandise,
text: electronics, watches, and cheap kinky underwear. The people attending
text: this market are the lower class foreign workers including poorly dressed
dialog: immigrant construction workers.
scene_heading: 119. EXT.DAY-IN FRONT OF A CELL PHONE ACCESSORIES STORE 119.
text: Rahil approaches a kiosk that sells accessories and gadgets. Behind the
text: counter Aspro, a forty-year-old man, who has one blue eye and one
text: brown eye, and the look of a crook. When he sees Rahil he speaks
text: sarcastically. Rahil seems scared and weak.
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: Didn't I say I'd only give you till today?
scene_heading: RAHIL (WITH TEARS IN HER EYES)
dialog: But I talked to my friend, and she only paid $900 for her
dialog: permit.
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: Let your friend get you a permit.
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: No, I'm just wondering why it's so much more expensive?
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: Wait, wait, wait. Don't try to fasttalk me. Let me get a word in.
dialog: I'm trying to help you. Who changed your name to Tigest? I did.
dialog: Run over to your friend who says she can get it for $900. Don't
dialog: act smart.
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: Please understand, I couldn't get $1,500.
scene_heading: ASPRO (SHOWS RAHIL A PERMIT)
dialog: Look at this? Does this look fake? No one will bother you with
dialog: this. The woman who this belonged to... BOOM! Blew up ina
dialog: million pieces. She had no one, no family. Nobody claimed the
dialog: body. You wouldn't have to fake your beauty mark anymore.
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: Ok, but give me more time.
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: Sweetheart, I've already told you I can save you the $1,500. Just
dialog: give me Yonas and your permit's free.
speaker_heading: RAHIL (ANGRY)
dialog: Don't ever mention Yonas again, that will never happen. Never!
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: That boy lives like a fugitive here on this soil. If they ever find
dialog: out about him, you'll both get expelled. You keep him
dialog: underground like a rat. The boy never sees the sun, he'll never
dialog: go to school. I want him to have a father and a mother. He'd
dialog: still be your son. You could see him...
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: I know what's best for my son, how to hide him, I know how to
dialog: feed and care for him.
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: I'm telling you your boy is dead before he's even born! He
text: doesn't exist. Even a ketchup bottle has a name. It has a
dialog: production and expiration date.
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: I can't hear this anymore.
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: How much more money do you need?
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: 500 dollars.
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: You still need $500? I can buy a human being with $500. So you
dialog: don’t say that Aspro ripped you off, I’m gonna reduce the price
dialog: by $200. I'm giving you seven days. You either bring me the
dialog: money, or your son. Or I don't want to see your pretty little
dialog: face here again. Understand? So go ahead, take your time. As
dialog: much fucking time as you want.
scene_heading: 120. EXT.DAY-STREET 120.
text: A shot of a dirty narrow street filled with puddles and small primitive
text: rooms. We can see stray dogs roaming around.
scene_heading: 121. EXT.DAY-STREET 121.
text: Successive descriptive shots of Rahil’s neighborhood.
scene_heading: 122. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S HOME 122.
text: Yonas is sobbing. Zain is looking outside the window. He sees the
text: neighbor’s TV through their open window and an animated series is
text: playing. He adjusts the window so Yonas can watch the show through the
text: reflection on the glass. Yonas starts watching and calms down a bit. Zain
text: sits next to him and starts making dialogue with funny voices and
text: creating a funny scenario inspired by his poor daily street life. Zain’s
text: fabricated scenario from the series includes a dialogue between two
dialog: characters.
speaker_heading: ZAIN (ADDRESSING YONAS)
dialog: Look.
speaker_heading: FUNNY VOICE
dialog: "Hello honeybunny." "How are you, buddy?"
speaker_heading: HEAVY VOICE
dialog: "How you doin’, bro?"
speaker_heading: FUNNY VOICE
dialog: "I saw you get wasted on that joint."
speaker_heading: HEAVY VOICE
dialog: "Me?" "Your mother's turning tricks." "What a pothead!"
speaker_heading: FUNNY VOICE
text: "You cocksucker!" "Cut the crap, dickhead."
scene_heading: HEAVY VOICE (YONAS IS LAUGHING)
dialog: "You're the only asshole here!"
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FUNNY VOIC
dialog: "Damn, your mother's ugly."
dialog: feo]
scene_heading: 123. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S HOME 123.
text: Zain is drumming on the back of the cooker, while Yonas is dancing. We
text: hear the neighbor from outside shouting and cursing at Rahil.
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR
dialog: Close your damn window! I’m sick of smelling your food.
speaker_heading: ZAIN (RAHIL GIGGLES)
dialog: I'll fill her mouth with shit if she keeps harassing you Shall I
dialog: open fire?
text: Rahil signals Zain to keep quiet.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: What a piece of shit, that bitch... Slut, whore, filthy...
scene_heading: ZAIN (SHOUTS AT NEIGHBOR)
dialog: Are you going to...?
text: Rahil closes Zain’s mouth before he gets them in troubles with the crazy
text: neighbor. Both of them are giggling.
scene_heading: 124, INT.DAY-BUS 124.
scene_heading: RAHIL (SPEAKS ETHIOPIAN ON PHONE)
dialog: Enough, just get me my salary! You said you knew the guy. You
dialog: found me that job.
scene_heading: 125. EXT.DAY-STREET 125.
text: Rahil is walking down the street heading to a clothing store.
scene_heading: 126. INT.DAY-CLOTHING STORE 126.
speaker_heading: ETHIOPIAN SALESWOMAN (SPEAKS ETHIOPIAN
speaker_heading: TO RAHIL)
dialog: I'm not the boss; I can't give you the money. If it was up to me, I
dialog: would.
scene_heading: 127. INT.DAY-BAKERY 127.
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: I'm Tigest, do you recognize me? Do you recognize me?
speaker_heading: BAKER (WITH SARCASM)
dialog: Come back this afternoon, the manager will be here.
scene_heading: 128. INT.DAY-SNACK 128.
text: Seen through the window is Rahil, desperately trying to negotiate with
text: the owner of the shop. She is then seen leaving the place with tears in her
dialog: eyes.
scene_heading: 129. INT.DAY-BAKERY 129.
text: Rahil is cying. She asks a bakery manager for money but he refuses.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: I don't give out advances and it's only the start of the month.
dialog: You're illegal. I'm already risking a lot.
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: Please, I'll do anything you want.
scene_heading: 130. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S HOME 130.
text: Rahil burns some incense while Zain and Yonas are asleep in the
text: inflatable pool.
scene_heading: 131. EXT.NIGHT-STREETS 131.
text: Rahil is walking down narrow and poor streets.
scene_heading: 132. EXT.DAY-IN FRONT OF THE MAIN ENTRANCE TO AN UPPER MIDDLE
scene_heading: CLASS BLDG. 132.
text: Rahil is waiting for somebody next to the garbage bin. A young concierge,
text: steps out of the building holding several garbage bags and a crumbled
text: envelope. While he pretends to throw out the garbage bags, he
text: approaches Rahil.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: I can't do anything for you, Rahil. You're going to ruin
dialog: everything. Know what happens if they find out about us?
dialog: They'll deport both you and the boy. Please leave, I’m only a
dialog: doorman. They can replace me ina second.
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: Want to even see a picture of him?
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: No, I can't. I'm sorry, please go now.
scene_heading: 133. INT.NIGHT-RAHIL’S HOME 133.
text: Zain and Rahil are at home having dinner. Zain sings a funny song about
text: hashish. Yonas, who’s sitting on Rahil’s knees, claps and babbles. Rahil
text: seems worried.
speaker_heading: ZAIN (SINGING)
dialog: Yes, | am the King of Hashish...
text: Unable to fall sleep, Rahil, who is deeply thinking, lies in bed with Yonas
text: by her side.
scene_heading: 134, EXT.DAY-NEIHBORHOOD 134.
text: Rahil walks through a narrow neighborhood, where laundry is hanging
text: outside, and a stray dog is looking at her.
scene_heading: 135. INT. DAY- HAIR SALON 135.
text: Seen from behind, Rahil is sitting on a chair. We see the hairdresser
text: cutting her hair off with scissors at the level of the clips.. Rahil’s eyes fill
text: up with tears. The hairdresser weighs the hair. On her way out of the
text: salon, Rahil collects 300$ from the cashier.
scene_heading: 136. EXT.DAY-STREET 136.
text: On the street, Rahil heads home while touching and feeling her new
dialog: short hair.
scene_heading: 137. INT.NIGHT-RAHIL’S HOME 137.
text: On the mattress, Yonas is holding onto Rahil’s neck playing with her
text: short hair. Zain is lying down on the bed next to them.
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: What's the matter? Do I look different?
text: Rahil and Yonas giggle, while Zain is staring at the window, with tears in
text: his eyes.
scene_heading: 138. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S HOME 138.
text: While lying in bed at Rahil’s house, Zain remembers a moment with his
text: sister Sahar. They are looking outside the window, laughing, and
dialog: chatting.
scene_heading: 139. INT.NIGHT-RAHIL’S HOME 139.
text: Zain wipes his tears away. The laughs of Rahil and Yonas are heard in the
dialog: background.
scene_heading: 140. INT.NIGHT-RAHIL’S HOME 140.
text: After staring in the void, Rahil goes to count the money she was hiding,
text: while making sure Zain doesn’t see her. She hides them again in the
dialog: same place.
scene_heading: 141. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S HOME 141.
text: While listening to Ethiopian music in her bathroom, Rahil gets ready to
text: go. She brushes her hair and makes braids. In the other room, Zain makes
text: funny faces while eating and sitting at the table to entertain Yonas, who is
text: sitting in the inflatable pool. All dressed up, Rahil puts a scarf on, draws
text: her beauty mark on her cheek, and carries Yonas to kiss him goodbye. She
text: then put him back, so he starts sobbing.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: I'm going to call my mom, and then I need to go to Souk al
dialog: Ahad.
scene_heading: RAHIL (SPEAKING EHTIOPIAN WITH YONAS)
dialog: You're not alone, Zain is here. You can play with him.
dialog: Bye. (Yonas waves back)
speaker_heading: RAHIL
dialog: Bye, Zain.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Bye.
text: After she leaves, Zain quickly gets up and goes to check inside the bar of
text: her bed. He doesn’t find the money, so he angrily goes back and sits on
dialog: the chair.
scene_heading: 142. INT.DAY-INTERNET CAFE 142.
text: Ina cyber café where foreign workers meet up, we can hear a mix of
text: different languages loudly filling up the room. Rahil’s face is glowing from
text: the computer screen. She is wearing headphones and her eyes are filled
text: with tears.
scene_heading: RAHIL (CRYING, SPEAKING ETHIOPIAN)
dialog: I can't send you any money this month. Because I'm taking
dialog: English lessons, so I really can't. I'm so sorry, Mom. I can't ask
dialog: Madame for money. She's been so good to me, I'm ashamed to
dialog: ask. I love you so much, Mom.
scene_heading: 143. INT.LATE AT NIGHT-RAHIL’S HOME 143.
text: Zain wakes up, takes a look around him, and is surprised to see that very
text: late and Rahil hasn’t come home yet. Yonas is sleeping next to him.
speaker_heading: ZAIN (LOOKING AROUND)
dialog: Rahil? Rahil? Rahil?
text: He goes back to bed and covers Yonas with the blanket. He starts
dialog: thinking.
scene_heading: 144. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S HOME 144.
text: Zain sits on the couch and angrily breaks a cassette.
scene_heading: 145. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S HOME 145.
text: Zain wakes Yonas up and dresses him up.
scene_heading: 146. EXT.DAY-STREET 146.
text: Holding Yonas in his arms, Zain has difficulty walking in the street looking
text: for Rahil. They get in a bus and go to Rahil’s workplace.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: To Manara?
speaker_heading: BUS DRIVER
dialog: Yes, get in.
scene_heading: 147. INT.DAY-BUS 147.
text: When they get in, a black woman sitting in the bus looks at them shocked.
text: Zain takes a seat, and puts Yonas on his knees.
scene_heading: 148. INT.DAY-RESTAURANT, RAHIL’S WORKPLACE 148.
dialog: 
text: Zain asks Rahil’s colleague, an Egyptian employee at the restaurant
dialog: about her.
scene_heading: EGYPTIAN EMPLOYEE
dialog: Haven't seen her since yesterday morning. I figured she's sick
dialog: or something.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
text: She said she was going to Souk al Ahad, but hasn't come back.
scene_heading: EGYPTIAN EMPLOYEE (YONAS ON HIS LAP)
dialog: Maybe she went to Aspro?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Aspro? I don't know him.
scene_heading: EGYPTIAN EMPLOYEE
dialog: He has a stand in Souk al Ahad.
scene_heading: 149, EXT.DAY-HIGHWAY 149.
text: With Yonas in his arms, Zain walks on the side of the highway, and heads
dialog: to Souk Al Ahad.
scene_heading: 150. EXT.DAY-FLEA MARKET TOP VIEW 150.
text: Atop shot showing the flea market and the highway from above.
scene_heading: 151. EXT.DAY-FLEA MARKET 151.
text: Zain enters the flea market, still holding Yonas in his arms. He walks
text: through various kiosks selling cheap clothing, grocery, etc.
speaker_heading: VENDOR (SHOUTING)
dialog: Any sweater on the table for 2,000!
scene_heading: 152. EXT.DAY-FLEA MARKET STAND 152.
text: Zain approaches a stand that sells CDs, and asks the vendor about
dialog: Aspro’s location.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Sir, where's Aspro's stand?
speaker_heading: VENDOR
dialog: Aspro's? It's over there.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Is that Aspro, Aspro?
scene_heading: 153. EXT.DAY-IN FRONT OF ASPRO’S STAND 153.
text: Zain reaches the stand. He is seen talking to Aspro.
speaker_heading: ASPRO (SURPRISED)
dialog: Rahil? How are you related to Rahil?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: We're family.
speaker_heading: ASPRO (SARCASTIC)
dialog: Family? Let's see. Obviously. On her mother's or father's side?
scene_heading: ASPRO (TALKING ABOUT YONAS)
dialog: Isn't this her son, Yonas? Right? What's Yonas doing with you?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
text: Rahil left the house yesterday, and hasn't come back yet.
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: Give me Yonas, let me see him.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: No, no...
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: You scared? I know everything about my little Yonas. He's a
text: badass, just like his mother. (Aspro takes Yonas and carries
dialog: him) Yasser! Two falafels for these two rabbits over here!
speaker_heading: ASPRO (ADDRESSING YONAS)
dialog: You hungry?
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: You didn't try to call her?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I don't have a phone.
speaker_heading: ASPRO (TRIES TO CALL RAHIL)
text: Her phone's off. Thank you, Yasser. (Zain looks more worried)
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: Come and eat inside.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: No thank you.
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: What do | tell her if she comes by?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ZAIN (TAKES YONAS BACK)
dialog: That we were looking for her and went home.
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: Stay here.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: No, no.
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: Wait for her here, in case she comes by.
text: Zain leaves without replying.
scene_heading: 154. EXT. DAY- IN FRONT OF FLEA MARKET 154.
text: Holding Yonas and the falafel sandwiches, Zain leaves the flea market
text: and sits on the sidewalk in front of it. He puts Yonas down next to him.
text: While eating their sandwiches, Zain calls a girl and hands her his Pepsi
dialog: bottle.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Hey girl! Where can I open this? (Talking about the Pepsi
dialog: bottle)
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
text: Keep an eye on these. (She hands him her tissue boxes and
dialog: goes)
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN (SHE COMES BACK)
dialog: Here you go.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
text: You're welcome. (Sits next to Yonas, who stares at her)
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Are you hungry?
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
dialog: No. Enjoy. What's your name?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Ibrahim.
scene_heading: MAYSOUN (TALKING ABOUT YONAS)
dialog: And this one?
scene_heading: ZAIN (CREATING A FAKE NAME)
dialog: He's... His name's Asaad. And you?
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
dialog: Maysoun.
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN (ABOUT YONAS)
dialog: Did you steal him, or are you using him to beg?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: He's my brother.
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
dialog: Doesn't look like you.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: We were all born black like him, and then... we brightened up
dialog: with time. How much do you sell these boxes for?
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
dialog: It depends on the car. Let's say a woman passes... You look at
dialog: her hand, if she's wearing a ring, you say: "God bless and
dialog: protect you and your husband." If she's not wearing a ring, you
dialog: say: "May God send you a worthy husband."
scene_heading: ZAIN (TALKING TO YONAS)
dialog: Stop licking your hands! They're dirty from the floor.
text: Yonas lies in Zain’s arms, sarts babbling, and puts his hand inside his
dialog: shirt.
scene_heading: 155. EXT.NIGHT-FLEA MARKET TOP VIEW 155.
text: Atop shot showing the flea market from above and the highway.
scene_heading: 156. EXT.NIGHT-FLEA MARKET 156.
text: With the end of the day, shops closed the stores at the flea market. Zain
text: and Yonas, are still there. He stands in front of a sweets stand and stares
text: at the food.
scene_heading: 157. EXT.NIGHT-STREET NEXT TO FLEA MARKET 157.
text: On a stairway, Zain sleeps on the floor while sitting down, while Yonas
text: lies between his legs. The two of them look exhausted.
scene_heading: 158. EXT.DAY-IN FRONT OF CYBER CAFE 158.
text: Rahil, crying, stands in front of the cyber café. She is arrested by police
text: officers along with other migrant workers. The officer handcuffs them.
scene_heading: 159. INT.DAY-POLICE TRANSPORTATION BUS 159.
text: A group of arrested migrant workers are sitting in the bus heading to the
text: detention center. Rahil’s fake beauty mark fades away due to her tears.
scene_heading: 160. INT.DAY-DETENTION CENTER 160.
text: The women line up next to each other's.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
dialog: In line, Ethiopian...
scene_heading: POLICE OFFICER (ASKS ONE OF THEM)
dialog: Are you pregnant?
scene_heading: 161. INT. DAY DETENTION CELL FOR UNDOCUMENTED FOREIGNERS 161.
text: In the detention cell, Rahil is crying. Around her stand the other detained
text: migrant workers. They advise her not to tell the police about her son
text: otherwise they would deport her. Her fake beauty mark totally
dialog: disappeared.
speaker_heading: ETHIOPIAN WOMAN (SPEAKING ETHIOPIAN)
dialog: You can't tell them anything! They'll take the boy away from
dialog: you.
text: Rahil lies down next to the other women. They are seen chatting, while
text: Rahil is silently crying. The cell is crammed with people.
scene_heading: 162. INT. DAY DETENTION CELL BATHROOM 162.
text: Rahil bends over the bathroom sink and empties the milk from her
text: breasts while crying. A police officer voice is heard in the background
text: from the speakers, asking one of the detained to come to his office.
speaker_heading: RAHIL (SPEAKING ETHIOPIAN)
dialog: Forgive me, my baby. Please God, forgive me!
scene_heading: 163. INT.DAWN-PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION,BUS 163.
text: Yonas is sitting on Zain’s lap and loudly crying. Zain looks very tired.
scene_heading: 164. EXT.DAWN-RAHIL’S NEIGHBORHOOD 164.
text: Zain is carrying Yonas in his arms, while the child is still sobbing. They
text: are heading home.
scene_heading: 165. INT.DAWN-RAHIL’S HOME 165.
text: Exhausted, Zain enters Rahil’s home. The child is loudly crying. Out of
text: breath, Zain puts him in the inflatable pool, sits down, thinks deeply,
text: then gets up and leaves the house.
scene_heading: 166. EXT.DAY-NEIGHBORHOOD 166.
text: Zain is walking.
scene_heading: 167. EXT.DAY-IN FRONT OF KIOSK 167.
text: Zain reaches a small food kiosk.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Do you have food a baby can eat?
speaker_heading: VENDOR
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: VENDOR
dialog: There's something for 250, something for 1,000.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I'll take the one for 250.
scene_heading: 168. EXT.DAY-NEIGHBORHOOD 168.
text: On his way back, Zain notices a three year old little girl sitting alone on
text: an old couch outside, sleeping, and holding a bottle of milk. A sound of
text: crying babies is heard in the background. Zain stares at her, and then we
text: see him walking away quickly, hiding the bottle of milk that he stole
text: from the child in his jacket, while the baby cries.
scene_heading: 169. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S HOME 169.
text: Zain goes inside Rahil’s home holding the little girl’s bottle. Yonas is still
text: crying. Zain tries to give him the bottle, but he rejects it many times as he
text: is only used to his mother’s milk. The annoying neighbor is heard
text: shouting and cursing again.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Try it. Just this once.
dialog: Seriously...
dialog: Isn't this better than a shawarma sandwich?
dialog: Don't swallow it whole, you'll get sick!
dialog: Hey!
dialog: You swallowed it?
scene_heading: 170. INT.EVENING-RAHIL’S HOME 170.
text: Sleepy Zain is watching TV through the window reflection, while Yonas
text: is lying on his laps and touching his face.
scene_heading: 171. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S HOME 171.
text: Zain looks inside the old dirty refrigerator for food. He finds moldy food
text: in tupperwares and cookers.
scene_heading: 172. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S HOME 172.
text: In the inflatable pool, Yonas is sitting and eating dirt from the floor. Zain
text: opens the freezer, takes out an ice cube tray and empties it in a plate. He
text: sprinkles sugar on top of the ice cubes, and they eat them.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Seriously, isn't this better than a shawarma sandwich?
dialog: Don't swallow it whole, you'll get sick! Hey! You swallowed it?
scene_heading: 173. EXT.DAY-AROUND THE HOUSE 173.
text: Zain is roaming around the house while carrying Yonas. He then puts
text: him down to let him walk and holds his hand. Zain tries to catch a
dialog: chicken.
scene_heading: 174, EXT.EVENING-AROUND THE HOUSE 174.
text: Zain is holding Yonas and observing cats eating a dead animal’s meat.
scene_heading: 175. INT.EVENING-RAHIL’S HOME 175.
text: Mentally and physically exhausted Zain is sitting, with his hands
text: covering his face. Yonas is moving around the house.
scene_heading: 176. EXT.DAY-IN FRONT OF FISH KIOSK 176.
text: Zain, carries Yonas and stands in front of a fish vendor’s kiosk. He keeps
text: staring at the fish.
scene_heading: 177. EXT.DAY-IN FRONT OF RAHIL’S HOME 177.
text: On an old metal box, Zain is grilling the fish. Yonas is happily sitting next
text: to him in an old cooker.
scene_heading: 178. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S HOME 178.
text: With Yonas on his laps, Zain happily eats and gives him the grilled fish.
text: After tasting it, Yonas likes it.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Is it good? Dig in, Mister!
scene_heading: 179. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S HOME 179.
text: Zain goes to the sink and opens the faucet. Muddy water comes out of the
text: facet, then slows down and drips, then the water stops.
scene_heading: 180. EXT.DAY-IN FRONT OF RAHIL’S HOME 180.
text: With a blanket covering him, Zain goes out to check the water tank.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: No water? Seriously? Great!
scene_heading: 181. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S HOME 181.
text: Zain is holding the measuring tape and talking to himself about Rahil,
text: while her son is sitting in the inflatable pool eating dirt from the carpet.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: She doesn't care about her son? Is he all right? Is he sick? Your
dialog: mother is even worse than mine!
scene_heading: 182. EXT.DAY-AROUND RAHIL’S HOME 182.
text: Exhausted, Zain is holding Yonas and walking around Rahil’s home. He
text: turns back to see the same little girl we previously saw sitting on a worn
text: out skateboard with her brother standing by her side.
scene_heading: 183. EXT.DAY-AROUND RAHIL’S HOME 183.
text: Zain steals the skateboard from them. The boy starts screaming, so Zain
text: runs away while holding the skateboard.
scene_heading: 184. EXT.DAY-IN FRONT OF RAHIL’S HOME 184.
text: Zain tries to open the door, but Yonas pushes him to get in first.
speaker_heading: ZAIN (IRRITATED)
dialog: After you, Sir Yonas. Go inside.
scene_heading: 185. EXT.DAY-HIGHWAY 185.
text: With a rope, Zain drags the skateboard with the basin on top that Yonas
text: is sitting in. Yonas is surrounded by several kitchen utensils; pots, pans,
text: and lids.
scene_heading: 186. EXT.DAY-FLEA MARKET 186.
text: Zain enters Souk Al Ahad, still dragging the skateboard. He hears the
text: voice of Maysoun from behind, calling him, so he turns around. Maysoun
text: is trying to sell a funeral wreath at Souk Al Ahad.
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
dialog: Ibrahim! Ibrahim! Ibrahim! What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I'm selling pots.
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
dialog: Those crappy pots?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: They're better than that flower thing on your back.
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
dialog: It's for cemeteries, idiot! Well, I can sell this in two seconds.
dialog: They'll buy the whole thing.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Want to bet?
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
dialog: Let's bet on a plate of food.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I want meat rolls and Shish Barak. What about you?
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
dialog: I want meat rolls and Shish Barak... My God... I'd be sitting and
text: eating, but not just any plate, a huge one...
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: From where do you bring the food aid? Didn’t you talk to me
dialog: about food aid last time?
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
dialog: You mean the food dispensary?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Can I go with you?
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
dialog: No, you're Lebanese, not a Syrian refugee like me.
text: MAN (WITH A HAT ON, TALKING ABOUT
speaker_heading: YONAS)
dialog: Where did you get this bunny from?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Mind your own shit! Look at this stupid goat.
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
dialog: Let's go.
speaker_heading: ZAIN (ANGRILY)
dialog: Can you fuck off? Wanna eat my fist?
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
dialog: Come Ibrahim, let’s go.
scene_heading: 187. EXT.DAY-OUTSIDE FLEA MARKET 187.
text: Zain and Maysoun are sitting outside Souk Al Ahad, in a corner, with
text: Yonas still sitting in the basin.
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
dialog: You can keep this country all to yourself, I'm leaving.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Where to?
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
dialog: I'm leaving you the business and everything. It can be all yours.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
dialog: To Sweden. There's a neighborhood full of Syrians there. No
dialog: one asks what are you doing here. No one messes with you. I’ll
dialog: have my own room, no one comes in without knocking. I
dialog: choose who can come in and who can't. Kids there, they die
dialog: only from natural causes.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I want to go with you.
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
dialog: Sure, but you need money.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
dialog: About $300, not more.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: $300 isa lot.
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
dialog: Do you know Os... Ospar?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Aspro?
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
dialog: Yes, in Souk Al Ahad.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Yes, what about him?
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
dialog: This is his number.
scene_heading: MAYSOUN (SHOWS HIM A PIECE OF PAPER)
dialog: He organizes the trip. He gave me this piece of paper. I drew a
text: ship next to his number. The ship has the most beautiful
text: lights... and amazing food.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Can I take my brother Assaad with me?
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
dialog: Does he know how to swim?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I'll teach him.
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
dialog: I don't know, you'd have to ask Ospro.
speaker_heading: ZAIN (MOCKING HER)
dialog: Aspro, not Ospro.
speaker_heading: MAYSOUN
dialog: Aspro.
scene_heading: 188. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S HOME 188.
text: Yonas is heard crying in the background, while Zain is standing in front
text: of the mirror, practicing the Syrian accent so he can get the food
text: dispensary that Maysoun was talking about. He holds a conversation
text: with himself as if they are talking to him, to train himself.
scene_heading: ZAIN (ASKING HIMSELF, LEBANESE ACCENT)
dialog: Where are you from?
scene_heading: ZAIN (CORRECTING SYRIAN ACCENT)
dialog: Where are you from?
speaker_heading: ZAIN (SYRIAN ACCENT)
dialog: Me? From Syria.
speaker_heading: ZAIN (ASKING HIMSELF)
dialog: Where in Syria?
speaker_heading: ZAIN (REPLYING)
dialog: From Aleppo.
speaker_heading: ZAIN (ASKING HIMSELF)
dialog: Is this your brother?
scene_heading: ZAIN (REPLYING, LEBANESE ACCENT)
dialog: Yes, this is my brother.
scene_heading: ZAIN (CORRECTING SYRIAN ACCENT)
dialog: I mean, this is my brother.
speaker_heading: ZAIN (ASKING HIMSELF)
dialog: What's his name?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ZAIN (REPLYING, SAD VOICE)
dialog: Nawras. And he hasn't eaten for two days, or drunk anything.
speaker_heading: ZAIN (ASKING HIMSELF)
dialog: And why is he so black?
scene_heading: 189. EXT.DAY-U.N. CAMP 189.
text: Zain is carrying Yonas with difficulty, in a crowded place where UN is
text: giving out food dispensary for Syrian refugees. We still hear Zain’s voice.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: My mom drank a lot of coffee when she was pregnant. She used
dialog: to drink a whole pot every day.
scene_heading: 190. EXT.DAY-U.N. CAMP 190.
text: Zain and Yonas are standing in front of plenty of refugees waiting for
text: their turn. Shots of volunteers handing the refugees grocery bags.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Where's your ration card?
text: I lost it. I was walking next to the Dog River...
scene_heading: 191. EXT.DAY-U.N. CAMP 191.
text: Zain is talking to a volunteer sitting on a desk. He is surrounded by
text: veiled women waiting for their turns. Yonas is lying on the desk in front
dialog: of him.
speaker_heading: VOLUNTEER
dialog: So you were strolling by the river?
speaker_heading: ZAIN (UNCERTAIN)
dialog: Yeah, I slipped and dropped my card. I jumped in the river, but
dialog: couldn't find it.
speaker_heading: VOLUNTEER
dialog: And how did you get here?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: We were at home in Syria, and our next door neighbor ratted
dialog: us out, maybe... | really shouldn't jump to conclusions but I
text: suspect it was him. A bomb hit our house... We started to crawl
dialog: like Rambo. You know, the one who crawls?
speaker_heading: VOLUNTEER
dialog: You started crawling?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Yeah, like him, in the trenches.
speaker_heading: VOLUNTEER
dialog: Okay, and what exactly do you want?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Whatever you have, but most important is milk and diapers.
speaker_heading: VOLUNTEER
dialog: Milk and diapers?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: And if you have any ramen, vinegar chips, stuff like that...
scene_heading: 192. EXT.DAY-STREET 192.
text: Zain is dragging the skateboard behind him. There is a grocery bag
text: inside the basin. In the other hand, he is dragging Yonas, who looks weak
text: and exhausted due to hunger. Yonas is unable to stand up or move.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Get up. What are you looking at? Get up!
scene_heading: 193. EXT.DAY-SIDE OF THE STREET 193.
text: Zain and Yonas are sitting on the side of a street. Zain is feeding him
text: powder milk, like his little sister used to eat. We see women behind
text: them, and a little girl walking on the street.
scene_heading: 194. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S HOME 194.
text: Zain is unscrewing the top of the hot water tank with a wrench.
scene_heading: 195. EXT.DAY-FLEA MARKET 195.
text: Zain is trying to drag the hot water tank placed behind the basin of the
text: skateboard with a rope. Yonas is sitting in the basin. They reach Aspro’s
dialog: kiosk.
speaker_heading: ASPRO (SARCASTIC)
dialog: Nice Lamborghini! Come here, let me see, kid. Rahil still hasn't
dialog: shown up?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: No... | mean yeah, Rahil? She's been back for a while.
speaker_heading: ASPRO (SARCASTIC)
dialog: Yeah, right. What are you dragging around? A nuclear bomb or
dialog: a rocket?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
text: A brand new, top-of-the-line water tank.
speaker_heading: ASPRO (SARCASTIC)
dialog: How much for this brand new, top-of-the-line water tank?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: 20,000.
speaker_heading: ASPRO (SARCASTIC)
dialog: 20,000? Yasser! Give me 30,000 for this 20,000 guy.
speaker_heading: ASPRO (HOLDS YONAS’S HAND)
dialog: Yonas... Why's Yonas looking so thin? Aren't you guys eating?
dialog: He seems sick. My god, you both smell like dogs?
scene_heading: ASPRO (LOWERS HIS VOICE AND ADDRESSES
speaker_heading: ZAIN)
dialog: I already talked to Rahil. There's a good family that can take
dialog: Yonas in, take care of him, dress him... And you could line your
text: pockets with $500. Deal? So? (Yonas innocently looks at them)
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I heard you can help people travel to Turkey.
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: You want to travel?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I wish I could.
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: Where do you want to go?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: To Turkey. I mean Sweden.
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: Sweden, Turkey, whichever you like.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Which one's prettier?
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: You choose. I'll even send you to the moon. All you have to do
dialog: is convince her about the boy. Deal, kiddo?
speaker_heading: YASSER
dialog: Here you go, boss.
speaker_heading: ASPRO (GIVES ZAIN THE MONEY)
dialog: Take this and tell Rahil that Aspro sends his regards. All right?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I'll ask Rahil.
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: Ask Rahil.
scene_heading: 196. EXT.DAY-GAS STATION 196.
text: Zain drags Yonas behind him and speaks to two workers at the gas
dialog: station.
scene_heading: 197. EXT.DAY-GAS STATION 197.
text: At the back of a gas station, Zain and Yonas use a hose from the carwash
text: to shower. He scrubs Yonas’s hair with a bar of soap. He rinses Yonas’s
text: hair from the cold water hose. Zain is washing his dirty laundry by
text: walking on top it. The worker adds soap on the laundry, and scrubs Zain’s
text: hair. Zain enjoys splashing water on his face. Zain laughs loudly. The
text: worker also scrubs Yonas’s hair, and then dries him with a towel. Zain
text: dresses Yonas up, then squeezes the wet clothes, while the same worker
text: distracts Yonas.
scene_heading: 198. EXT.DAY-IN FRONT OF RAHIL’S HOME 198.
text: Zain stands on an old wooden chair and hangs the laundry in front of the
text: house. Yonas sits in the basin and helps him by handing him the
dialog: clothespin.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Yonas, hand me a clothespin.
text: He blows in his hands to warm them up, so Yonas does the same.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Go like this to warm your hands.
scene_heading: 199. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S HOME 199.
text: Zain accidently finds a wrinkled paper in his pants. He unfolds it: it is the
dialog: medical prescription of TRAMAL that we saw at the pharmacy in the
text: beginning of the movie.
scene_heading: 200. EXT.DAY-IN FRONT OF A PHARMACY 200.
text: The basin/skateboard in which Yonas is sitting is parked on the sidewalk
text: attached by a chain toa pole.
scene_heading: 201. INT.DAY-INSIDE PHARMACY 201.
text: The pharmacist is holding in his hand the medical prescription. It is
text: wrinkled and the ink has bled through it.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: My little sister washed the clothes because my mom's sick.
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST
dialog: She washed the prescription with the clothes?
scene_heading: 202. INT.DAY-INSIDE ANOTHER PHARMACY 202.
speaker_heading: PHARMACIST
dialog: I'll give you one packet... And when you come back with the
dialog: 3,000, I'll give you the rest.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: One packet? Can you give me two?
scene_heading: 203. EXT.DAY-PORT 203.
text: Zain walks at the port. He fills two gallons with sea water.
scene_heading: 204. EXT.DAY-RAHIL’S NEIGHBORHOOD 204.
text: Out of breath, Zain is heading home with difficulty. He is dragging two
text: gallons of water.
scene_heading: 205. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S HOME 205.
text: On an old newspaper, Zain is crushing the TRAMAL pills, like he used to
text: do before at his house. Yonas is sitting on the ground. He grabs a pill to
text: eat it, but Zain shouts at him and put him back in the inflatable pool.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: No!
text: Zain crushes the pills, but Yonas curiously comes closer to see what Zain
dialog: is doing.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Go away! Don't think I can't see you, I'm not blind!
text: Zain empties the TRAMAL powder into a pot full of water. He stirs them
text: with a big wooden spoon. Yonas’s leg is tied with a rope to the bed.
text: Yonas cries and Zain fills the juice in water bottles.
scene_heading: 206. EXT.EVENING-STREET 206.
text: Zain is holding the basin with Yonas inside it, surrounded by a water
text: bottle and coffee cups. He meets teenagers hanging out in front of a
dialog: garage.
speaker_heading: ZAIN (CALLS THEM)
dialog: Hey guys! Can one of you give me a hand?
text: A guy comes and bends down to help him, so Zain whispers to him.
speaker_heading: ZAIN (WHISPERING)
dialog: I have Tramadol shots. You interested? 1,000 a shot.
text: The teenager goes back to his friends to ask them and leave Zain waiting
dialog: a bit.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Hey, help me lift it. Come and help! Brother, for you I can make
dialog: a deal.
speaker_heading: THE TEENAGER
dialog: Come on, hurry up.
scene_heading: 207. EXT.NIGHT-STREET 207.
text: Zain goes to a different group of teenagers. They are all smoking
dialog: cigarettes and look wasted.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER
dialog: Guys, he has Tramadol.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I got Tramadol by the shot, interested?
scene_heading: ANOTHER TEENAGER
dialog: Have any Viagra? Or Rivo?
scene_heading: ANOTHER TEENAGER
dialog: Got any Rivo?
scene_heading: ANOTHER TEENAGER
dialog: Farawla? Tradamol?
scene_heading: ANOTHER TEENAGER
dialog: Free base?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I'm in the juice business.
scene_heading: ZAIN (SHOWS THEM THE TRAMAL BOTTLE)
dialog: This is like Rivo, but juice-style.
text: Yonas is still sitting in the basin holding a coffee cup and babbling. A
text: second tramal and water bottle is by his side. Zain shakes the bottle.
speaker_heading: TEENAGER (AFTER TASTING IT)
dialog: You're selling me saltwater, big man?
speaker_heading: ZAIN (JOKINGLY)
dialog: What's better than seawater, man?
scene_heading: 208. EXT.DAY-STREET 208.
text: Zain stops by three old men on the street.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I've got Tramadol by the sip, interested?
text: After tasting it, one of the men spits it.
scene_heading: 209. EXT.DAY-STREET 209.
text: Different shots of Zain selling Tramal shots to several people. Yonas is
text: still with him in the basin. Zain hands them the coffee cups as shots.
scene_heading: 210. EXT.NIGHT-STREET 210.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: 1,000 a shot.
scene_heading: 211. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S HOME 211.
text: Zain counts his money and hides it in the metal bar of the bed like Rahil
dialog: used to do.
scene_heading: 212. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S HOME 212.
text: Zain and Yonas are lying in bed next to each other, looking at the paper
text: that Maysoun gave him and smiling.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Here, choose. Which country do you want to go to?
dialog: Let's go to Sweden! It's the prettiest. We'll go with that idiot
dialog: Maysoun.
scene_heading: 213. INT.DAY-RAHIL’S HOME 213.
text: Zain is sitting on the ground, smoking a cigarette and talking to himself.
text: Yonas is moving around the house and babbling.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: When you're In Sweden, there are no assholes who get in your
dialog: face. You can even piss from the balcony, no one will give you
dialog: shit for it.
scene_heading: 214, EXT.NIGHT-STREET 214,
text: In the basin, Yonas puts the cup on his mouth. Teenagers give Zain looks.
text: He stares back and keeps walking. One of the teenagers in a group takes
text: the tramal bottle from him and hides it, so another guy hits him and
text: gives it back to Zain.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Give him the money, bitch! Take your midget and leave!
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I'm leaving, chill.
scene_heading: 215. EXT.NIGHT-STREET 215.
scene_heading: ZAIN (SHOUTS AT SOME GUY)
dialog: Shove it up your ass and cook it!
scene_heading: 216. EXT.NIGHT-STREET 216.
text: A teenager we previously saw is blowing cigarette smoke in Zain’s face.
scene_heading: 217. EXT.NIGHT-STREET 217.
text: Teenagers are standing around Yonas. One of them kicks his basin.
scene_heading: ZAIN (ANGRILY THROWS A STONE AT HIM)
dialog: Don't go near the kid, asshole!
speaker_heading: TEENAGER (HITS ZAIN)
dialog: Fuck off, you little prick! Fuck off before I trash your face! Get
dialog: the fuck out of here!
text: Zain leaves with Yonas. His eyes are red and filled with tears.
scene_heading: 218. EXT.DAY-NARROW STREET 218.
text: Zain is walking through the narrow poor streets and dragging Yonas
text: behind him.
scene_heading: 219. EXT.DAY-TOP VIEW NEIGHBORHOOD 219.
text: Top shot of the poor neighborhood. We see plenty of tires on the roofs of
text: all the worn out buildings.
scene_heading: 220. EXT.DAY-AROUND RAHIL’S HOME 220.
text: Zain is dragging Yonas behind him, who is babbling, clapping the two
text: coffee cups, and surrounded by empty water bottles in the basin.
text: Suddenly Zain gets flustered when he sees Yonas’s belongings thrown in
text: front of Rahil’s home. When he gets to the door, he notices a padlock and
text: tries to break in. He gets angry and starts kicking the door with no
text: success of breaking it down. He grabs a rock and tries to break the lock.
text: Alarmed, the neighbor comes and starts shouting at him while holding
dialog: her baby.
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR (SHOUTING)
dialog: Why are you breaking the door down?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: What sonofabitch changed the lock and threw my shit out?
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR
dialog: What shit? It's all here! And who the hell are you?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I still have stuff inside.
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR
dialog: What stuff? Maybe the landlord has it.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Where does the shitlord live?
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR
dialog: Why don't you find your dirty slut? Keep bashing that door and
dialog: I'll call the warden.
speaker_heading: ZAIN (WITH SARCASM)
dialog: Go ahead, tell him I said, "Hi."
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR
dialog: What's your relation to that bitch again?
scene_heading: ZAIN (HOLDS A PIECE OF WOOD)
dialog: I'm her brother.
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR
dialog: Which gutter did she drag you out of?
scene_heading: ZAIN (TRIES TO BREAK THE LOCK)
dialog: Get out of my face before I lose it!
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR
dialog: I'm calling the warden now! You'll see.
scene_heading: ZAIN (RUNS TO HER HOUSE AND STARTS
scene_heading: BREAKING THINGS)
dialog: I'll break your house down! Where's the fucking landlord?
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR
dialog: Get out of here before I break your skull!
text: ZAIN (COMES BACK AND TRIES TO BREAK THE
speaker_heading: LOCK AGAIN)
dialog: Shut up! Shut your mouth!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR
dialog: Get out of here!
scene_heading: ZAIN (WHILE TRYING TO BREAK IN)
dialog: I. Want. My. Fucking. Money!
scene_heading: 221. EXT.DAY-STREETS 221.
text: Shots of the busy streets packed with honking cars.
scene_heading: 222. EXT.DAY-STREET 222.
text: Under the hot sun, Zain and Yonas are sitting in the street next to a stand
text: that sells second-hand, old shoes. Their clothes, hands, and faces are
text: very dirty. Zain looks disappointed. Yonas is loudly crying, so Zain holds
text: him to calm him down. Zain’s eyes are red from fatigue, hunger, and lack
text: of sleep. He gets up and puts Yonas down, then empties the plastic bag in
text: the basin. Yonas innocently looks at him.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Stay here, don't move.
text: Zain quietly leaves and disappears at the corner of the street. He takes a
text: few steps and then looks back. Yonas is behind him following him with
text: baby steps with an innocent look.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Go back there! Go over there.
text: Yonas is moving around, smiling at Zain, and waving at him. Zain comes
text: back and tries to sit Yonas down so he doesn’t move.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: There... There!
text: Zain turns his back and walks away. He turns around to see Yonas
text: running towards the cars, so he quickly follows him and catches his
text: hand. We hear the cars honking loudly.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Go over there.
text: Yonas falls down. Zain feels bad for him, so he picks him up and grabs his
text: hand. He drags him down and ties his leg with a rope to the wall. Zain
text: walks away again while holding his plastic bag and taking a glimpse at
text: Yonas. Yonas tries to move but he can’t. Zain sits on the sidewalk across
text: the street and looks at Yonas with a miserable look in his eyes. He sees
text: him sobbing. He wipes his tears, gets up, quickly comes closer to him,
text: unties his leg, and opens a bag of chips for him to eat.
scene_heading: 223. INT.DAY-BUS 223.
text: Zain is sitting in the bus, with Yonas on his laps. Zain looks at Yonas. He
text: seems helpless. Yonas innocently caresses Zain’s face.
scene_heading: 224, EXT.DAY-FLEA MARKET 224.
text: Zain is heading towards Aspro’s kiosk, and dragging Yonas behind him.
text: Zain looks defeated, depressed and exhausted. His eyes are filled with
dialog: tears.
scene_heading: 225. EXT.DAY-SUNDAY FLEA MARKET 225.
text: From afar, we see Zain speaking to Aspro. Zain cries and wipes his tears.
text: Aspro touches his dirty hair.
speaker_heading: ASPRO (TALKING ON PHONE)
dialog: Yes, my friend. Listen... I'm sending you a little kid. Looks like a
dialog: dog, we need to make him look human. Can you do that? I have
dialog: to get him out of the country. Ok.
speaker_heading: ASPRO (TALKING TO ZAIN)
dialog: Why the sad face?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: We agreed on this. Do you have papers? Any ID, a birth
dialog: certificate?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I don't know, maybe at home.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: I need proof you're a human being. ID card, registration, even a
dialog: newspaper with your picture, anything... So I can get you out
dialog: through the port of Beirut, ok? Can you do that? (Zain nods)
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: Don't worry about Yonas. I love him. I'll put him with a good
dialog: family.
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: The people you're traveling with will take good care of you.
dialog: Remember Yasser who works for me? Go see him. He'll send
dialog: you to a barber. Then you go home and bring back what? Your
dialog: papers.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: My papers.
speaker_heading: ASPRO (COUNTS THE MONEY)
dialog: Got it? Here... One, two, three, four. Take it.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: You promised me $500.
speaker_heading: ASPRO (HITS ZAIN, THEN WHISPERS)
dialog: You expect to eat and drink for free? $100 pays for your food,
dialog: got it? Give me a kiss. Take care of yourself, ok? Go on.
text: Aspro picks Yonas up from the basin and puts him on his desk. Zain gets
text: close to him, hugs him and kisses him.
speaker_heading: ASPRO
dialog: That's enough, you should go. I told you I'll take good care of
dialog: him, ok?
text: Zain looks at him one last time, then walks away into an alley within the
text: market dragging the empty basin/skateboard behind him. Yonas is sitting
text: on Aspro’s desk. With a naive look, he watches Zain walking away.
scene_heading: 226. INT.DAY-PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION BUS 226.
text: Sitting in the bus, Zain is sadly looking at Yonas’s pacifier. His nails are
text: filled with dirt.
scene_heading: 227. INT.DAY-BARBER 227.
text: The hairdresser is cutting is Zain’s hair, while he is looking at himself in
text: the mirror and wiping his tears.
scene_heading: 228. EXT.DAY-PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION BUS 228.
text: Zain gets off the bus. He throws away the basin in the garbage as if he is
text: getting rid ofa chapter in his life, and keeps his plastic bag.
scene_heading: 229, EXT.DAY-STREET 229.
text: Zain walks down the street and heads home.
scene_heading: 230. INT.DAY-STAIRS OF ZAIN’S BUILDING 230.
text: Zain goes up the stairs of his building and with a new eye rediscovering
text: the misery he left behind- a dripping sewerage pipe, moldy walls, two
text: kids alone on the stairs. At the doorway of his old apartment, he finds the
text: door half open. He slowly pushes it in and enters.
scene_heading: 231. INT.DAY-ZAIN’S APPARTMENT 231.
text: The apartment is calm. Zain’s father is sleeping on the couch, a half
text: smoked cigarette in the ashtray on the table where lies a half cut apple, a
text: pack of cigarettes, a lighter, bread, a plate, and a whiskey glass. Zain turns
text: off the cigarette then stares at his sleeping father.
text: Zain heads to the bedroom, opens the drawer, and looks for his papers.
text: Zain is still searching in the drawers, when he hears his sisters’ voices, a
text: baby crying and his mother’s voice from behind. Zain turns around and
text: sees his mother dressed in black.
speaker_heading: ZAIN’S SISTER
dialog: Zain!
speaker_heading: SOUAD (SURPRISED)
dialog: When did you come back?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: None of your business.
scene_heading: SOUAD (HITS AND SHOUTS AT HIM)
dialog: Where the hell have you been? Where have you been all this
dialog: time? Where? Where? Where? Damn you!
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Anyway I'm not here to see you or that asshole over there. I
dialog: need my papers.
speaker_heading: SOUAD (WITH SARCASM)
dialog: Oh! Of course, my sweetheart! Selim, wake up, your son needs
dialog: his papers!
text: Salim wakes up.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Where are my papers?
speaker_heading: SELIM
dialog: Where the hell have you been?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: None of your business, just give me my papers.
speaker_heading: SELIM
dialog: None of my business? What do you need papers for? Want to
dialog: become a trash collector?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: My papers, my ID, anything!
speaker_heading: SELIM
dialog: Who gives a shit about you or me or any of us?
text: Zain angrily throws something on the ground.
speaker_heading: SELIM (KICKS THE TABLE)
dialog: Don't play the big man with me, you little shit!
dialog: 
scene_heading: SELIM (STANDS UP AND DRAGS ZAIN)
dialog: Come take your papers? Come! I've got a lot of papers. (He
text: opens a small box and takes the papers out). Which ones do
dialog: you want? (Selim sits on a chair). I've got papers that can send
dialog: me to jail. I've got an eviction notice... (Souad is carefully
dialog: looking at them) And here's the most important paper of all.
dialog: (Zain, annoyed, walks away) Come back here, you should see
dialog: this one! (Selim grabs his arm) This one's from a hospital. It
dialog: could break any man's heart. We're insects, my friend. Don't
dialog: you get it? We're parasites. You either accept life without
dialog: papers, or you might as well jump out the window. Got it? Get
dialog: the hell out of here before I kill you! (Selim kicks him out of the
dialog: room)
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: Stop Selim!
scene_heading: SELIM (SHOUTS AND DRAGS ZAIN)
dialog: Tell whoever the hell sent you: "My father never gave a shit! He
dialog: never got us any papers.” Go back where you came from, you
dialog: animal! Damn you and your mother and whoever brought you
dialog: to this world.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Who went to the hospital?
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: Not a word, Selim. Don't say another word!
speaker_heading: ZAIN (ASKS HIS SISTERS)
dialog: Who went to the hospital? Who went to the hospital? Who's in
dialog: the hospital? (Everyone keeps quiet)
speaker_heading: SELIM (SHOUTING)
dialog: Get him out of my sight before I tear him to pieces! I curse your
dialog: father's seed!
speaker_heading: ZAIN (CRYING)
dialog: Who went to the hospital?
speaker_heading: ZAIN (GRABS HIS MOTHER’S ARM)
dialog: Who went to the hospital?
speaker_heading: SELIM (CSTARTS CRYING)
dialog: Little shit!
speaker_heading: ZAIN (TO HIS MOTHER)
dialog: Tell me!
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Who went to the hospital?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ZAIN (WIPES HIS TEARS)
dialog: What did that motherfucker do to her?
speaker_heading: ZAIN (HITS HIS FATHER)
dialog: What did he do to her? What did he do to her?
speaker_heading: SELIM (LOOKING DEFEATED)
text: Sahar is gone, it's over.
scene_heading: ZAIN (GOES TO THE ROOM AND GRABS A KNIFE
scene_heading: FROM THE DRAWER)
dialog: She's gone? She’s gone? I'll show you who's gone.
scene_heading: ZAIN (RUNS AWAY WITH THE KNIFE)
dialog: I'll show you who's who, who'll be gone...
speaker_heading: SOUAD (SCREAMS)
dialog: He's got a knife!
scene_heading: 232. INT.DAY- BUILDING STAIRWAY 232.
text: Zain goes down the stairs four steps at a time full of rage. His parents are
text: following him.
speaker_heading: SELIM
dialog: I'll bury you alive! Come back, you son of a bitch! I'll kill you
dialog: with my bare hands!
scene_heading: 233. EXT.DAY-STREET 233.
text: Determined Zain runs towards Assad’s market holding the knife steady in
text: his hand. His father, followed by his mother, is running after him. Zain
text: reaches the market. We see several people, most of them little kids,
text: standing in shock and staring.
scene_heading: 234, INT.DAY-POLICE STATION 234.
text: A police officer takes handcuffed Zain inside the office. We can see blood
text: stains on Zain’s face and hands.
speaker_heading: POLICE OFFICER
text: Uncuff him.
text: He is standing, his face is towards the wall, and his hands are on the wall.
text: Zain is taking off his clothes. An officer checks his mouth and teeh to
dialog: determine his age.
scene_heading: 235. INT.DAY-DETENTION CENTER FOR UNDOCUMENTED PEOPLE 235.
text: (One of the first scenes of the movie but taken through another angle,
text: through a window this time) Zain is standing in his underwear. The
dialog: forensic doctor that we saw at the beginning of the movie is checking
text: Zain’s mouth.
scene_heading: 236. INT.DAY-DETENTION CORRIDOR 236.
dialog: Different drawers where we see files classified by nationality.
scene_heading: 237. INT.DAY-IMMIGRANT DETENTION CELLS 237.
dialog: Different prison cells with the foreign prisoners grouped according to
text: nationality. Their faces are expressionless and looking half dead. We see
text: several ventilators in the hallway. Plastic water bottles are stuck between
dialog: the bars.
scene_heading: 238. INT.DAY- DETENTION CELL 238.
text: Seen from behind, a guard opens the prison cell and let Zain go inside.
text: BACK TO COURT
scene_heading: 239. INT.DAY-COURTROOM 239.
text: Abou Assad is pushing his son Assad’s wheelchair in front of the judge.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: You are the husband of...? What was her name again?
speaker_heading: ASSAD
dialog: Sahar.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: Sahar. How old was Sahar when you married her?
speaker_heading: ASSAD
dialog: Eleven.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: 11 years old. Do you think an 11-year-old girl is suitable for
dialog: marriage? Does she know what it means?
speaker_heading: ASSAD
dialog: From what | know... Yes, she is... She blossomed, she reached
dialog: that time...
speaker_heading: ZAIN (ANGRILY)
dialog: Really? I didn’t know she was a potato or a tomato plant that
dialog: blossoms!
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: Zain, calm down!
speaker_heading: ZAIN (ANGILY)
dialog: I didn't know she could die from it. Many girls in the
dialog: neighborhood get married at that age. Even my mother in law
dialog: was married at that age... And here she is, alive and well.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: How long were you married before she got pregnant?
speaker_heading: ASSAD
dialog: Two or three months.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: Ok, was the pregnancy normal?
speaker_heading: ASSAD
dialog: At first I didn't notice anything wrong. But then she started
text: bleeding. She bled a lot.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: Then what happened?
speaker_heading: ASSAD
dialog: I took her to the hospital with her parents. And she died at the
text: hospital door. The hospital wouldn't let her in.
speaker_heading: NADINE
dialog: Can I ask why the hospital refused to admit her?
speaker_heading: SOUAD (STARTS TO CRY)
dialog: Because she doesn't have any papers.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: Counselor, I think that’s enough.
speaker_heading: SOUAD (CRYING)
dialog: I live and work like a dog for you to stand here and judge me?
dialog: How dare you judge me? Have you ever been in my shoes?
dialog: Lived my life? You never have, and you never will! Not in your
dialog: worst nightmare. If you did, you'd hang yourself! Imagine
dialog: having to feed your kids water and sugar because you have
dialog: nothing else to give them. I'm ready to commit 100 crimes to
dialog: keep my children alive! They're mine, the treasures of my life!
dialog: No one has the right to judge me, I am my own judge. They're
dialog: my own flesh and blood. Do you understand?
text: Selim wipes his tears.
scene_heading: 240. INT.DAY- DETENTION CENTER HALLWAY 240.
dialog: 
text: A shot of the prison hallway is showing a man walking around.
scene_heading: 241. INT.DAY- DETENTION CENTER ROOM 241,
text: Two prison workers are pouring food from a large basin.
scene_heading: 242. INT.DAY-POLICE OFFICE IN DETENTION CENTER 242.
dialog: 
text: A bunch of prisoners are lined up. Three officers are standing in an
text: office; one of them is holding a paper and reading names out loud. We
text: hear through the speaker an officer calling prisoners’ names out.
scene_heading: OFFICER (HEARD FROM THE SPEAKER)
dialog: The Syrian, Hussein... The Egyptian, Mohammad...
scene_heading: 243. INT.DAY- DETENTION CELL 243.
text: A shot of male’s prison cell, they are lying down waiting.
scene_heading: 244, INT.DAY- DETENTION CENTER HALLWAY 244.
text: A foreign woman is dancing and smiling. A convoy of musicians are
text: playing guitar for free. They are guided by a nun and pass through the
text: prison hallway singing. Speechless Zain is sitting in his cell, looking
text: outside, and eating an apple.
speaker_heading: THE NUN
dialog: Excuse me, can you lend us an ear? The priest and I came here
dialog: to meet you and get to know you a little bit. And maybe cheer
dialog: you up a little bit. Come on, let’s sing a song.
text: The convoy continues to a neighboring cell where several women from
dialog: different nationalities are over packed together (Sri Lankan, Ethiopian,
text: etc.) we see Rahil. She is sitting in a corner deep in thought. Her face is
text: bruised. She is insensitive to the musical show, which is amusing some of
text: the other girls.
text: The convoy stops in front of different prison cells to entertain the foreign
text: detainees crammed inside the cells together. Zain is speechless at the
dialog: absurd spectacle.
scene_heading: 245. INT.DAY- MALES’ DETENTION CELL 245
dialog: 
text: A group of male prisoners are praying together. Zain is sitting and
text: staring at them indifferently.
scene_heading: 246. INT.DAY- FEMALES’ DETENTION CELL 246.
text: A group of female prisoners (Sri Lankan, Ethiopian, etc.) are praying
text: together in a crammed cell. All of them are wearing white veils.
scene_heading: 247. INT.DAY- MALES’ DETENTION CELL 247.
text: A shot of Zain asleep ona mattress in the cell.
scene_heading: 248. INT.DAY- FEMALES’ DETENTION CELL 248.
text: A shot of the foreign females’ prison cell. The cell is overcrowded. They
text: are seen trying to fall asleep on the few mattresses in the middle of the
text: heat. Rahil is lying down thinking deeply.
scene_heading: 249. INT.DAY- MALES’ DETENTION CELL 249.
text: Zain is lying down on the mattress staring in the void, with a sad look in
text: his eyes.
scene_heading: 250. INT.DAY- FEMALES’ DETENTION CELL 250.
text: A shot of a Sri Lankan woman eating a sandwich. From the speakers, we
text: hear an officer calling Zain.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Zain Al Hajj, gather your things, prepare for transfer.
text: Rahil, confused, hears Zain’s name on the speaker.
scene_heading: 251. INT.DAY-PRISON HALLWAY 251.
text: An officer is taking Zain out of his cell. Rahil quickly gets up and stands
text: behind the bar to check whether it is Zain. Handcuffed Zain is following
text: the officer when he passes in front of Rahil’s cell, she looks at him in
dialog: despair.
speaker_heading: RAHIL
text: Zain? Zain? Zain ? Zain! Zain! What are you doing here? Zain,
dialog: where's Yonas? Zain! Zain, where's Yonas? Zain! Where's my
dialog: son? Where's Yonas? Where! Who did you leave him with? My
text: son is alone at home.
text: Several other prisoners inside Rahil’s cell are shocked. Zain looks back.
text: Rahil frantically starts screaming more and more, rattling the bars. Her
text: prison-mates try to calm her. She fumbles over her words while she tries
text: to catch her breath. She starts speaking to herself.
scene_heading: 252. INT.DAY-PRISON OFFICE 252.
text: Zain and Rahil are sitting in front of an officer’s desk.
scene_heading: ZAIN (DESCRIBING ASPRO’S EYE COLOR)
dialog: This eye... Here... is blue, blue, blue.
speaker_heading: OFFICER (CONFUSED)
dialog: Both his eyes are blue?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: No. This eye is brown, and this eye is blue.
scene_heading: 253. INT.DAY-ROUMIEH PRISON FOR JUVENILES 253.
text: Behind the bars, Zain is looking outside with a miserable look on his face.
scene_heading: 254, EXT.DAY-ROUMIEH PRISON FOR JUVENILES 254.
dialog: 
text: We see a shot of the prison building. The roof is equipped with razor
dialog: wire.
scene_heading: 255. EXT.DAY-PRISON FIELD 255.
text: Zain is quietly sitting on the ground with his back on the wall. Several
text: children are playing football.
scene_heading: 256. EXT.DAY-ROUMIEH PRISON 256.
text: A quick shot of Zain’s cell from outside.
scene_heading: 257. INT.EVENING-PRISON CELL 257.
text: Zain is sitting near the bars and staring outside.
scene_heading: 258. INT.EVENING-PRISON CELL 258.
text: The prisoners are watching a popular talk show about scandals and
text: various short stories. They are smoking cigarettes. Zain is sitting and
text: quietly watching the show.
speaker_heading: PRESENTER (ON TV)
dialog: You're live on Wind Of Freedom. Please turn your TV down.
text: A PERSON TALKING ON PHONE WITH THE
speaker_heading: PRESENTER
dialog: I've been following your show for a while... and I know you
dialog: always talk about social issues...
scene_heading: 259. EXT.DAY-PRISON 259.
text: Escorted by a guard, Zain heading to the prison’s visitor area.
scene_heading: 260. INT.DAY-PRISON CAFETERIA 260.
text: Ina colorful dress, Souad is smoking a cigarette. Zain sees her from the
text: cafeteria entrance and stares at her. She gets up and kisses him. They sit
text: down to talk.
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: How are you? Do you have a cold? Are you sick?
speaker_heading: ZAIN (WITH DISGUST)
dialog: Congratulations, you're no longer in mourning? You're not
dialog: wearing black anymore?
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: I brought you some candy to nibble on. Eat them, Zain. Why are
dialog: you so angry with me? There was nothing I could have done.
dialog: She was my daughter, I lost her too.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: What did you come here for?
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: When God takes something away from you, He blesses you in
dialog: return.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: What did God bless you with?
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: I'm pregnant. You're going to have a little brother or sister.
speaker_heading: ZAIN (DISGUSTED)
text: My heart aches.
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: I hope it's a girl. We'll name her Sahar.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Your words are stabbing me in the heart.
speaker_heading: SOUAD
dialog: God willing, when you get out, she'll be walking and playing...
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I don't want to see your face in here again. You have no heart.
text: Zain takes the bags and throws them in the garbage with anger in front of
dialog: his mother.
scene_heading: ZAIN (TO THE GUARD, WHILE LEAVING THE
speaker_heading: VISITOR AREA)
dialog: Let go of me! I want to go outside!
scene_heading: 261. EXT.EVENING-PRISON 261.
text: A sunset shot taken from the prison.
scene_heading: 262. INT.EVENING-PRISON CELL 262.
text: A few young prisoners are watching the same show they were watching
dialog: last time.
text: CHILD SPEAKING ON TV
dialog: Ever since my dad died, I haven't smiled...
speaker_heading: PRESENTER (ON TV)
dialog: This week's special reports on child abuse have had a great
dialog: impact on our audience...
text: Zain is listening to the show while lying in bed.
scene_heading: 263. INT.DAY-PRISON HALLWAY 263.
text: A shot of the empty prison hallway.
speaker_heading: PRESENTER (ON TV)
dialog: For your comments, call us at... 09658856
scene_heading: 264. INT.DAY-PRISON CELL 264.
text: Zain is sitting near the window and staring outside.
scene_heading: 265. INT.NIGHT-PRISON HALLWAY 265.
text: Zain is at the phone booths, holding a phone to his ear.
dialog: PR:
dialog: Is there an adult i
speaker_heading: ZAI
text: A police officer.
speaker_heading: PR
speaker_heading: ESENTER
dialog: n the room with you, Zain?
speaker_heading: N
speaker_heading: ESENTER (SHOCKED)
dialog: A police officer? Where are you calling us from, Zain?
speaker_heading: ZAI
dialog: From jail.
dialog: 266.
dialog: The other prisoners are wa'
text: notices Zain’s voice.
speaker_heading: PR
dialog: That's Zain talkin
text: They get shocked and excit
speaker_heading: PR
speaker_heading: N
dialog: LS 266.
scene_heading: INT.NIGHT-PRISON CEL.
dialog: tching the show on TV, when one of them
speaker_heading: SONER
dialog: g!
text: ed and start telling each other.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ESENTER (ON TV)
dialog: From jail? Which jail?
speaker_heading: ANOTHER PRISONER
text: Yes, it's Zain's voice.
scene_heading: ZAIN (HIS VOICE IS HEARD ON TV)
dialog: Roumieh Prison for Juveniles.
speaker_heading: PRESENTER
dialog: Zain, why are you calling our show? How can we help you?
scene_heading: 267. INT.TALK SHOW STUDIO (T.V. SEQUENCE) 267.
text: The presenter of the same show we saw previously is talking in front of
dialog: the camera.
scene_heading: ZAIN (HEARD IN THE STUDIO)
dialog: I want to sue my parents.
scene_heading: 268. INT.NIGHT-PRISON CELLS 268.
text: The other prisoners are shouting and knocking on the doors so the other
dialog: prisoners can know.
speaker_heading: PRISONER (SHOUTING)
dialog: Hey guys!
speaker_heading: ANOTHER PRISONER (SHOUTING)
dialog: Zain's on TV!
scene_heading: 269. EXT.NIGHT-PRISON WINDOWS 269.
text: Most of the kids and teenagers are waving clothes outside the windows
text: and shouting.
scene_heading: 270. INT.NIGHT-PRISON HALLWAY 270.
text: Others are knocking on the cells doors.
scene_heading: 271. INT.NIGHT-PRISON CELL 271.
speaker_heading: PRESENTER (ON TV)
dialog: You're live on the air. What do you want to say?
scene_heading: 272. EXT.DAY-PRISON 272.
text: We still hear Zain’s voice but we see Zain walking with a guard and
text: heading towards the prison’s visitor area.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I want grown-ups to hear what I have to say. I’m sick of those
dialog: who can't take care of their kids. What will I take from all this?
dialog: All the insults, all the beatings, all the kickings? The chain, the
dialog: hose, or the belt? The nicest word I hear is: Fuck off, you
dialog: sonofabitch!" “Piss off, you fucker!"
scene_heading: 273. INT.DAY- PRISON’S VISITOR AREA 273.
text: Zain comes up to her. Nadine stands up and extends her hand out to greet
text: him. We still hear his speech from the phone call.
scene_heading: ZAIN (ON PHONE WITH TV PRESENTER)
dialog: Life is dog shit. Filthier than the shoes on my feet! I'm living in
text: hell. Getting roasted, like the chicken I'm dying to eat.
speaker_heading: NADINE (WITH A SMILE)
dialog: Howare you?
scene_heading: 274, INT.DAY-TRANSPORTATION VAN FOR PRISONERS 274.
text: We still hear his speech. But we see him leaving a transportation van for
text: prisoners. He is handcuffed and escorted by an officer.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: Life is a bitch! I was expecting to be a good man, respected and
dialog: loved. But God doesn't want that.
scene_heading: 275. INT.DAY-COURTHOUSE HALLWAY 275.
text: Zain is walking down the hallway heading to the court that we
text: previously saw many times. We hear his voice in the background from
dialog: the phone call.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: He wants us to be floor mats, to be stepped on.
scene_heading: 276. INT.DAY-COURTROOM 276.
text: With a miserable look on his face, tired looking eyes, Zain addresses his
dialog: mother.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: That kid in your belly will be just like me.
text: Souad silently looks at him and doesn’t say a word. She bends her head
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: What do you want from your parents?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: I want them to stop having children.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: Speak up!
speaker_heading: ZAIN (SPEAKS LOUDER)
dialog: I want them to stop having children!
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: You want them to stop having children?
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: THE JUDGE
dialog: I don't think they're going to have any more children.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: And what about that one? He's going to be born, no?
text: The judge and his parents silently look at him and don’t say a word.
scene_heading: 277. INT.DAY-COURTHOUSE FILES ROOM 277.
text: The clerk goes into an archive room and puts a file between a pile of files.
text: The room is filled with columns of files.
scene_heading: 278. INT.NIGHT-WAREHOUSE 278.
text: A group of police officers raid a dark warehouse.
scene_heading: OFFICER (SPEAKING ON THE PHONE WITH TV
speaker_heading: PRESENTER)
dialog: We raided a warehouse where people were trapped...
scene_heading: 279. INT.NIGHT-ASPRO’S HOUSE 279.
text: The police officers raid Aspro’s house. He is sitting with a group of other
text: people smoking cigarettes. He looks shocked.
scene_heading: 280. INT.NIGHT-WAREHOUSE 280.
text: A police officer is holding Aspro and pushing him on the wall. Another
text: person is also standing by his side and held by the officers.
text: The officers are looking through the openings while holding flashlights
text: and searching for the trapped people.
text: They break in and find people from different nationalities in miserable
text: conditions sitting in the dark.
text: They also find Yonas, crying loudly. One of the police officers gets in and
text: picks him up.
scene_heading: 281. INT.DAY- BEIRUT AIRPORT 281.
text: Rahil and several other colored women are waiting at the airport
text: surrounded by officers. Rahil is looking left and right. Suddenly she
text: notices a social worker heading her way with Yonas in her arms, both of
text: them smiling. Rahil runs like crazy towards her son. She grabs him into
text: her arms. She covers him with kisses and tears of happiness.
scene_heading: 282. INT.DAY-PRISON HALLWAY 282.
text: Walking down the empty hallway, Zain is escorted by a guard and
text: handcuffed behind his back.
scene_heading: 283. INT.DAY-IN FRONT OF A GRAY WALL 283.
text: Zain is standing still. Off camera, he is looking into a camera lens with a
dialog: neutral expression.
speaker_heading: VOICE OF MAN
dialog: Stand on the line, Zain. Go a bit to the right. No, to the left. Too
text: much, back to the right.
text: Zain follows the instructions of the photographer.
speaker_heading: ZAIN
dialog: No, this is my right. This is my left.
speaker_heading: VOICE OF MAN
dialog: Tilt your head up a bit. Look straight ahead. Smile.
text: Zain doesn’t smile. He looks sad.
speaker_heading: VOICE OF MAN
dialog: Smile, Zain.
dialog: This is for you ID card, not your death certificate.
text: Zain finally shows a little smile on his face.
text: THE END.
dialog: 
