dialog: 
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Written by
dialog: Lawrence D. Cohen &amp; Stephen King
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: From an absolutely glistening WHITE ­ an image which first appears to be a
text: brilliantly shining glass globe, and then gradually becomes more of a piece of solid
dialog: matter, less of a mystery. It's the
scene_heading: EXT. WHITE BUNGALOW (OR HOUSE) ­ DAY
text: 1. FILLING THE FRAME like a picture postcard. Modest, old-fashioned,
text: spotless ­ a vision of small town normalcy and virtue.
text: This is the home of MARGARET WHITE and her daughter CARRIE. It seems
text: to have been scrubbed from roof to porch; it is white. Even the lawn seems to
text: have been washed and bleached. Antiseptic.
text: We hear a woman's voice:
speaker_heading: MARGARET (o.s.)
dialog: Carrie! Carrie
text: The voice is distant but insistent. It is heard, in perspective, through the following prologue,
dialog: which initially involves:
scene_heading: 2. STELLA HORAN ­ DAY
text: An all-American sunbathing beauty of eighteen, getting the tan of her life with only a skimpy
text: white bikini running interference between her skin and the sun.
text: The CAMERA SLOWLY PANS OVER the expanse of her body ­ luxuriant, taking it in
text: inch for inch as she dreamily rubs in suntan lotion and licks her lips. The MUSIC is coming
text: from a transistor radio by her side; she's on a beach blanket in the Horan back yard.
scene_heading: 3. DOWNWARDS ANGLE ­ STELLA
text: As she senses someone standing over her, someone staring at her body through the half-
text: grown hedge which separates the Horan back yard from the White house next door.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: What are those?
dialog: 2
scene_heading: 4. STELLA'S POV ­ CARRIE WHITE
text: A terribly appealing little girl, a child of indeterminable age. Pink cheeks, a halo of blonde-
text: white hair which will darken in time. What sets her apart from other children, however, are a
text: pair of bright button brown eyes; and it's these eyes that we notice as she peers at Stella
text: through the hedge.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Hiya, Carrie. Gee you gave me a fright.
dialog: (turning down the radio)
dialog: How long have you been there?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (not smiling; pointing with her finger)
dialog: What are those?
text: Stella looks where Carrie is pointing; the top of her bikini has slipped, just barely revealing
text: her breasts ­ white against the golden tan. Stella adjusts her suit ­ not out of any particular
text: modesty of her own but as a reflex at being stared at so strangely.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Those are my breasts, honey.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (a beat; then solemnly)
dialog: I wish I had some.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: You will. `Course you'll have to wait a
dialog: couple of years, but ­
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (a fact)
dialog: No I won't.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Why, sure you will.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (emphatic)
dialog: No, I won't.
dialog: (glancing behind her)
dialog: Momma says no... Momma says good girls don't.
dialog: 3
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (at something of a loss)
dialog: Well, I'm a good girl. And besides, doesn't your mother have breasts?
speaker_heading: 5 CARRIE
text: Glances anxiously at the mention of her mother at the White house next door.
text: She swallows her words so that all Stella and we hear is:
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: ...dirtypillows.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Momma calls them dirtypillows. Says she's got them
dialog: `cuz she was bad when she made me.
speaker_heading: 6 STELLA
text: Incredulous. But she senses that Carrie is both perfectly serious and quite worried, and she
text: too glances warily over at the White house just beyond the half-grown hedge.
text: She kneels next to Carrie and tries to laugh it off.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Now, honey, that's just silly. Listen ­ you must be real
dialog: hot in that long dress. What do you say we go inside and
dialog: get us some lemonade, would you like that?
speaker_heading: 7 CARRIE
text: Clearly torn ­ tempted but in the clutch of some weird terror ­ as if she expected the
text: earth to open and swallow her up. She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: C'mon.
dialog: (offering her hand)
dialog: It'll be our secret.
text: Carrie ­ now really scared ­ shakes her head and disappears farther into the hedge.
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I can't!
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Sure you can. I make it nice and sweet, and ­
text: And just at that moment, a figure appears in the second-story window in the White house.
text: Although Stella and we really can't distinctly see through the sun's glare, it's unmistakably
text: MARGARET WHITE. The moment this big woman sees her daughter with Stella, she lets
text: out a bloodcurdling scream:
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: CAARRIEETTAAA!!!
speaker_heading: 8 CARRIE, STELLA
dialog: Both frozen by this terrible sound
scene_heading: 9 STELLA'S POV ­ CLOSER ON CARRIE
text: As she sucks in her breath, quivering with fright, looking as if she might faints. She looks
text: quickly to Stella, then back at the White house, then back to Stella. For the merest flash, she
text: seems to smile ­ or is she about to cry?
text: And then, she's gone ­ running around the hedge and then up the porch stairs and into the
text: White house as fast her legs can carry her.
scene_heading: 10. STELLA
text: Stands there, riveted. Not knowing what's happened, what to do. It's utterly silent for a
dialog: moment.
text: And then, an incredible CACOPHONY of strange sounds starts coming from the White
text: house ­ an unearthly babble as Margaret White screams, rants, and screeches; as Carrie sobs
dialog: that she's sorry, that she forgot.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Mother!
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Mother!
dialog: 5
scene_heading: 11. THE HORAN HOUSE
text: As MRS. HORAN ­ in an old housedress with the hem falling down in the back ­ rushes out
text: to answer to her daughter's call.
speaker_heading: MRS. HORAN
dialog: What in the name of God? What's the matter?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: (frantic)
dialog: I don't know... Carrie was just talking to me,
dialog: and Mrs. White started screaming and...
scene_heading: 12. THE WHITE HOUSE
text: The sun glistening brilliantly on it as in the opening shot. Again, it should appear like a huge
text: glass globe over which we counterpoint one mother/daughter dialogue with the less distinct
dialog: babble of another:
speaker_heading: MARGARET (v.o.)
dialog: I told you to stay away from there, I told you....
speaker_heading: CARRIE (v.o.)
dialog: I'm sorry, Momma.
speaker_heading: MARGARET (v.o.)
dialog: ...to stay away from that girl, that whore...
speaker_heading: CARRIE (v.o.)
dialog: Please, Momma!
speaker_heading: MARGARET (v.o.)
dialog: ... of Babylon!
dialog: Which continues over:
scene_heading: 13. TWO SHOT ­ STELLA AND MRS. HORAN
text: Their eyes riveted on the house ­ trying, squinting to see through the sun's terrible glare.
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Don't you yell at her like that! Stop that!
speaker_heading: MRS. HORAN
dialog: That poor sweet child...
dialog: 6
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Mother, we've got to do something!
speaker_heading: MRS. HORAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: STELLA
dialog: Call the police? Mother, call the police!
speaker_heading: MRS. HORAN
dialog: (not about to interfere; hopeless)
dialog: The child...
text: At this point, the hysteric babble reaches its crescendo; we should be able to pick out phrases
text: in this cacophony as Margaret rants at Carrie to go into her closet and pray for forgiveness;
text: as Carrie's frightened little voice proclaims that she forgot, that she's sorry. And then
text: suddenly the screaming stops and it's quiet ­ dead quiet.
scene_heading: 14 THE WHITE HOUSE
text: As it becomes more distinct, visible. There's a low WHISTLING sound, and then what
text: appears to be a stone the size of a small pebble lands on the roof.
text: Another, slightly larger one appears a second or two later. And then another, and another,
dialog: and...
scene_heading: 15 TIGHTER TWO SHOT ­ STELLA AND MRS. HORAN
text: squinting, blinking at the pebbles which are coming down like marbles.
scene_heading: 16 THE WHITE HOUSE
text: as it's pelted with what are now even larger stones ­ WHISTLING, SCREAMING in the air
text: like miniature bombs.
text: Stones from a perfectly blue summer day.
text: Stones ranging in size from marbles to handballs.
text: One of them hits a downspout, knocking it onto the lawn. CRASHING, CRACKING
text: SOUNDS as these pieces of granite tear into the stucco roofing, leaving holes.
text: The effect is that of a drum being bombarded.
dialog: 7
scene_heading: 17. TWO SHOT ­ MRS. HORAN AND STELLA
text: Frozen to the spot: Mrs. Horan with her hands over her ears, her screams blending with the
text: SOUND of larger and larger stones as they pelt the house and we hear Margaret throughout
dialog: screaming:
speaker_heading: MARGARET'S VOICE
dialog: Stop that! Stop that!
text: Stella is clutching Mrs. Horan like a child terrified by the freakiest of summer storms ­ a
text: healthy young woman as her figure in the bikini testifies, but a child nonetheless, this
text: nightmarish moment.
speaker_heading: 18 THE HOUSE
text: As still larger stones hail from the sky.
text: And then just as suddenly and inexplicably as they started, they stop.
scene_heading: 19 TWO SHOT ­ THE WOMEN
text: Mrs. Horan with her hands still over her ears, her daughter standing next to her, transfixed on
text: the lawn. Once again, it's quiet.
scene_heading: 20 THE WHITE HOUSE
text: As one final stone ­ this one the size of a mere pebble ­ falls from the roof and plops onto
text: the lawn.
text: The image grows lighter and lighter. All the color seems to bleach out, turning the screen
text: once again into an incredible, silently blazing white.
scene_heading: MAIN TITLES.
scene_heading: 21 EXT. THE WHITE HOUSE ­ MORNING
text: Now some years later ­ and no longer glistening so whitely or mysteriously. We see the
text: front of the house as the door flies open. Carrie, now sixteen or seventeen, appears in the
text: doorway, carrying school books. As she comes out on the porch, the screen door bangs
text: behind her.
dialog: 8
text: She is wearing a shapeless, drab dress ­ much too long, not so much out of style as utterly
text: without style. What remains in this adolescent girl that links her with the pretty child we
text: glimpsed in the prologue are those remarkable eyes.
text: As she comes down the porch stairs, we hear:
speaker_heading: MARGARET'S VOICE
dialog: Carrie!
text: Carrie stops, turns to reply into the house.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Yes, Momma.
speaker_heading: MARGARET'S VOICE
dialog: You come straight home from school.
text: A moment of hesitation on Carrie's part, a very slight hint of rebellion, but:
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: I always do, Momma.
text: Then she turns, walks to the street, gathering pace, quickening.
scene_heading: 22. EXT WHITE HOUSE ­ ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As Carrie walks down the path from the porch and turns at the sidewalk, in the course of
text: which she passes by where the Horans used to live. Only the Horans no longer live here. No
text: one does. It's a vacant lot with a FOR SALE sign out front, with overgrown weeds. From
text: the looks of them, the house vanished a long time ago.
scene_heading: 23 EXT. TOWN STREETS ­ DAY
text: Carrie is walking to school, the sun shining brightly above her. The farther she gets from her
text: house, the livelier she seems. We sense that underneath this drab dress is a girl pushing out,
dialog: an altogether different creature than her appearance would suggest. And to help persuade us
dialog: about this possibility, there is MUSIC.
speaker_heading: 24 BOBBY ERBETER
text: About five, BOBBY bikes on the other side of one of the streets, keeping pace with Carrie on
text: a twenty-inch Schwinn with training wheels.
dialog: 9
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Hey, fart-face! Hey, old praying Carrie! Praying, Carrie, praying
dialog: Carrie, praying Carrie!
text: Carrie favors him with a sweet tolerant smile and goes on toward the high school, in the
dialog: background:
text: Bobby, frustrated, stops astride is bike and screams after her.
text: Bobby's face ­
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
text: 25 THE FACE OF AN ADOLESCENT
text: Or as he is known in school, THE BEAK. He is pathetically thin, myopic, weak-chinned,
text: beak-nosed, almost a caricature of an adolescent reject. Over his face, we HEAR:
speaker_heading: FROMM'S VOICE
dialog: What are you going to leave for us,
dialog: You people in your big cars
dialog: Spewing pollution into the air?
text: We PAN the faces of adolescents, listening with various degrees of attention, indifference, or
dialog: reluctance, to:
speaker_heading: FROMM'S VOICE
dialog: You people with heavy feet
dialog: Trampling down the wilderness?
dialog: You people who peer into the back seats of our cars
dialog: Hours after you come out of the back doors of your motels.
dialog: Soon all we will have is each other, and that could be enough...
scene_heading: 26 INT. CLASSROOM ­ FROMM ­ DAY
text: Or, as he is known to his pupils, BIG BELLY FROMM, at his desk in front of the class,
text: reading from an assignment paper.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: ...If you will let us have room enough
dialog: And air enough
dialog: And peace enough
dialog: To love each other
dialog: As you never could
dialog: 10
text: He sets down the paper, and looks at the class.
scene_heading: 27 FROMM'S POV ­ THE CLASS
dialog: We will see, among others, Carrie.
text: We also see TOMMY ROSS ­ a mid-seventies version of the boy next door. Good-looking,
dialog: clean-cut, intelligent, athletic.
speaker_heading: 28 FROMM
text: He is nodding his head slowly, affecting a kind of puzzlement.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: I must say ­ I must confess ­ this poem displays an extraordinary
dialog: talent...
dialog: (the knife)
dialog: ...a talent extraordinary for you, Tommy Ross.
speaker_heading: 29 THE CLASS
text: All eyes are on Tommy, who doesn't seem very abashed. In fact, he turns, clasps his hands
text: over his head, to the delight of his classmates. But you don't get the feeling he is a goof-off;
text: he is a kid aware of his own popularity and comfortable with it.
speaker_heading: 30 FROMM
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: Tommy, this is slightly different from running for a
dialog: touchdown... Any criticisms?
speaker_heading: 31 THE CLASS
text: The usual hesitation. Then Carrie's hand shoots up.
speaker_heading: 32 FROMM
text: He appears surprised to see Carrie, ordinarily shy, volunteering.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: Carrie White?
text: 33 THE CLASS ­ FEATURING CARRIE
dialog: 11
text: Her volunteering has surprised her as well. But she's stuck with it. The eyes of the class are
text: on her. And she has to say something. So she does.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: It's... beautiful.
speaker_heading: 34 FROMM
text: He leaves his desk, moving into the class area, seeming to pounce on Carrie.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: `Beautiful.' `Bee-t-ti-ful!' `Oh beautiful for spacious
dialog: skies, for amber waves of grain.' Is that the beautiful you mean?
text: The class is snickering. Carrie throws a despairing glance toward Tommy. Tommy looks at
text: her, and away, embarrassed. Carrie looks down at her desk, almost burying herself.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: That isn't exactly a criticism, Miss White.
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Anyone else?
dialog: (no one else)
dialog: Well, at least we've finally gotten Carrie White
dialog: to say something!
text: Tommy looks toward Carrie, with something suggesting compassion.
text: Then he looks toward Fromm, and he is muttering something. Or to be specific:
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: You suck.
speaker_heading: FROMM
dialog: Tommy? You said something?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: (moment; "popular" grin)
dialog: I said... `shucks.'
dialog: But everyone in the class knows.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 35 OMITTED
dialog: 12
scene_heading: 36 EXT. VOLLEYBALL COURT ­ DAY
text: Two teams of girls, among them NORMA WATSON, HELEN SHYRES, CORA and
scene_heading: RHONDA WILSON (sisters although not identical twins), CHRIS HARGENSEN and SUE
text: SNELL. Supervising the game is MISS COLLINS wearing a warm-up suit and holding a
text: whistle awaiting the next point. Among the girls is CARRIE anxiously watching for the ball
text: to come her way. It has apparently been a close game, the competition building steadily.
text: When the shot begins, Miss Collins has just blown her whistle to announce:
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Okay, now. This is game point.
text: This is the final point of the game and Rhonda Wilson is serving (she is on the opposite team
dialog: as Carrie).
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: (giving the score)
dialog: Twenty ­ Twenty.
text: The ball is successfully served and remains in play for some time as the girls skillfully volley
text: it back and forth over the net. And then, just when the tension is its greatest, the ball comes
text: over the net toward Carrie. It's evident that the outcome of the game depends upon her
text: success. The little boy who decided to put his finger in the dyke had it easier.
text: The other girls are (AD LIB) shouting cautions and admonitions to Carrie. Carrie almost
text: trembles with tension, about to bat the ball over the net, afraid to hit it.
text: Carrie whacks the ball. She shacks it hard. And on a line ­ straight into the net.
text: Another chorus of groans, with remarks like "Wouldn't you know!" and "Dumbo!"
text: reinforcing them. Chris storms back toward Carrie.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (low, harsh)
dialog: You eat shit!
text: Miss Collins blows her WHISTLE.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 13
scene_heading: 37 INT SHOWER ROOM ­ DAY
text: Steam partially obscures the girls as they whoop and holler and cavort under individual
text: showers. They banter little barbed pleasantries, bits of sexual information, family plaints,
text: talk of college ­ all of which we hear from separate stalls.
text: One by one the showers are turned off, the girls stepping out, removing pastel bathing caps,
text: toweling, spraying deodorant, bras hooked, underpants stepped into. Steam hangs in the air.
text: So do words, running into one another, tumbling, drifting.
text: `...Tommy says he hated it on me... My sister's husband picks his nose... So does your
text: sister... too cheap to spend a penny... we'll go after school... I'm going with Billy, we'll
dialog: meet you... Friday night...'
text: We PICK UP Miss Collins as she steps among the girls, spies Carrie still standing under the
text: shower. She claps her hands together once, smartly.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: What are you waiting for, Carrie?
dialog: (as Carrie looks at her)
text: Bell in five minutes.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Oh uh?
text: As Collins departs, and the other girls start to move toward their lockers, Carrie is left alone
text: in her shower stall. She is soaping herself. In a virtual reverie, she begins at her shoulders,
text: moving her hands over her breasts in small, regular, virtually erotic circles. Her hand goes
text: out of frame, below her stomach. Slowly, it emerges back into frame ­ full of blood. And
dialog: just as she and we see this, so do the girls.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Peer-iod! Peer-iod!
text: Carrie stares at her dumbly.
text: The other girls are quick to take up the chant. Chris leads them.
speaker_heading: GIRLS
text: Peer-iod! Peer-iod! Peer-iod! Peer-iod!
text: One voice chimes in:
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: 14
dialog: Plug it up!
text: Others take up this new chant. For a while, like counterpoint, he chants overlap; then the
text: new chant emerges solely:
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: Plug it up! Plug it up! Plug it up! Plug it up!
text: Dime-sized drops are striking the tile floor at Carrie's feet.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: For God's sakes, Carrie, you got your period.
text: (as Carrie turns toward her)
dialog: Clean yourself up!
text: Carrie seems bewildered.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: (furiously)
dialog: You're bleeding! You dumb pudding, you're bleeding!
text: Carrie looks down and wails, the sound is very loud.
text: A tampon strikes Carrie's chest, plops to her feet. Carrie just stares at it.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: She thinks they're for lipstick.
text: Behind her, another girl pretends to throw up.
text: Shrieks of laughter. Another tampon strikes Carrie. Another. The girls are bombarding her
text: with tampons and sanitary napkins, some from purses, some from the broken dispenser on
text: the wall. As they bombard Carrie:
speaker_heading: GIRLS
dialog: Plug it up, plug it up, plug it up, plug it up....
text: We isolate Sue Snell at the moment she joins in the chant, and watch her beginning to be
text: caught up in what can only be described as a fury.
text: Carrie howls and begins to back away, howling louder and louder.
text: The door is flung open by Collins.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: 15
dialog: What is this?
text: And she takes it in. She jerks the whistle to her mouth, blows and blows! The sound is
text: louder than a shriek (which it resembles) or a howl (which it doesn't).
text: And there is sudden silence.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: (to girls)
dialog: Get out! Get out!
text: The girls retreat, Sue last.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: It must be her first...
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Out!
text: As the girls slip out, Collins turns to Carrie, who has backed up and is whimpering. Collins
text: slaps her face, not too hard at first, then with a flash of anger.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: M... M... Miss Collins...
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Stand up. Take care of yourself.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I'm bleeding.
text: One blind searching hand comes up, clutches Collins' white shorts, leaving a bloody
text: handprint.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Damn you!
text: She hurls Carrie part way across the room toward the broken sanitary napkin dispenser.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Get over there! And take one!
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: 16
dialog: I don't know...
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Never mind the coin slot... It's broken.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: It hurts... my stomach...
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: (grabbing her)
dialog: Do it! Now.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I can't. I don't know how!
text: There's a bright flash as a light BULB POIPS, fizzling out. Collins is surprised.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: What...?
text: And she looks at Carrie. Her anger seems to seep away. Her voice softens.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Carrie, don't you know...?
text: (shakes her head, realizing and wondering)
dialog: You don't.
dialog: (reaches for Carrie)
dialog: I'll show you.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 38A INSERT INT WAITING ROOM ­ DAY CARRIE AND MISS FINCH
scene_heading: 38 INT. PRINCIPAL'S OFFICE ­ DAY
text: HENRY MORTON, the principal, a decent but somewhat plodding man in his mid-forties, is
text: tapping out his pipe as he talks to Collins.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: Isn't she a bit old for her...
dialog: Well, he can't quite say it.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: 17
dialog: Her first period?
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: Ah, yes.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Morty, until a half hour ago, I don't think she knew there
dialog: was such a thing.
text: He hesitates a moment ­ noticing Carrie's bloody handprint on Collins' gym shorts.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: It's hard to believe in this day and age a girl in high
dialog: school wouldn't know... something... the facts.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Well, knowing that mother of hers...
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: (cutting her off)
dialog: Miss Collins, if you'd been with us longer, you'd
dialog: understand we cannot interfere with people's beliefs.
dialog: As for the girls ­
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Carrie's always been their scapegoat. So they...
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: You'll have to do something.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: I will. But I understood how those girls felt. The whole
dialog: thing just made me want to take the girl and shake her.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: Ummm.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: It's just her period, for God's sake.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: (cutting in; uncomfortable)
dialog: We'll send her home.
dialog: (to intercom)
dialog: Miss Finch, send in Cassie Wright.
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: It's Carrie White.
speaker_heading: MORTON
text: (fiddling with paper clips on his desk)
dialog: Oh.
text: The door is opened. Carrie stands in the doorway.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: Come in, Cassie.
text: Collins starts to correct him, but:
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: Close the door. No, wait.
dialog: (up)
text: Miss Finch, bring in a dismissal slip.
dialog: (to Carrie)
dialog: I think you might take the rest of the day and go home
dialog: and, uh, well... take care of yourself, Cassie.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (hardly a murmur)
dialog: Carrie.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: We're all sorry about this incident.
text: MISS FINCH, elderly, spinsterish, goggles in with the yellow dismissal slip, brings it to
dialog: Morton who initials it.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: (to Finch, as she goes)
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (to Carrie)
dialog: Would you like to go to the infirmary?...
text: Carrie is shaking her head.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: ...lie down for a while...
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: I think Carrie can go home.
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: Would you like a ride?
text: Again, Carrie is shaking her head.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: We could call you a cab.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: I'm sure she can walk home. And Carrie, you're excused
dialog: from gym for a week. Take study hall instead.
text: Morton picks up the dismissal slip, hands it to Carrie.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: We are sorry about this, Cassie.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (sudden fury)
dialog: That's not my name!
text: Two things happen simultaneously; Morton recoils slightly and the ashtray quakes a little
text: and then tumbles from the desk.
text: Then Carrie goes out.
text: Morton comes around the desk, stoops to pick up the ashtray, stares at it curiously for a
text: moment, then looks at Collins.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: That reminds me. A light blew out while I was
text: trying to calm her down.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: I'll send a janitor to fix it.
text: Okay, that's reality. He puts the ashtray back on the desk decisively, dismissing any
dialog: "peculiar" thought he may have had.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: 39 A RED SCREEN
text: PULL BACK QUICKLY to show red circles of a traffic light.
dialog: 20
text: Carrie is standing at an intersection, waiting for the light to change.
scene_heading: 40 CARRIE'S POV ­ CHAMBERLAIN STREET
text: Cars are flashing by; they seem to leave blurs of light.
speaker_heading: 41 FLASH CUT
text: Carrie's tormentors.
speaker_heading: 42. FLASH CUT
dialog: Carrie.
speaker_heading: 43. LONGER CUT
text: The girls throwing tampons and sanitary napkins.
speaker_heading: 44. LONGER CUT
text: Carrie, hatred showing.
text: 45 THE GIRLS ­ FEATURING CHRIS
text: Suddenly their motions are ARRESTED. Their images polarize; the girls disappear, except
text: for Chris. Her image REMAINS.
speaker_heading: 46 CARRIE
text: Concentrating her hatred
speaker_heading: 47 CHRIS' IMAGE
text: It begins to shatter. And then explodes.
speaker_heading: 48 THE LIGHT
dialog: Turns green
speaker_heading: 49 CARRIE
text: She walks across the street.
dialog: 21
scene_heading: 50 EXT. ANOTHER STREET ­ DAY
text: A quiet residential street in a lower middle-class neighborhood. Carrie is walking down the
text: street, slowly.
speaker_heading: 51 ANOTHER ANGLE
text: There comes Bobby Erbeter again on his bike, paralleling Carrie (as before)
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Hey, fart-face! Hey, old praying Carrie!
speaker_heading: 52 CARRIE
text: She keeps on walking, ignoring him.
speaker_heading: 53 BOBBY
text: Keeping pace with Carrie, shouting across the street.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
text: Fart-face, fart-face, fart-face...
speaker_heading: 54 CARRIE
text: Turning toward him, her face contorted with rage.
scene_heading: 55 CARRIE'S POV ­ ANGLE ON BOBBY
text: The bike wobbles on its training wheels.
text: And the bike topples over, on top of Bobby, who screams
speaker_heading: 56 OMITTED
speaker_heading: 57 CARRIE
text: CLOSE now, featuring her eyes most prominently. Her face is uncertain, confused. What
dialog: just happened? She thought (that's right, thought) something and it happened...
text: And we HEAR another SCREAM, more of an angry shriek, and then the strange sight and
speaker_heading: SOUND of:
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: 58 FLASH CUT
text: As the stones pelt the White bungalow years ago.
speaker_heading: 59 CLOSER
text: The stones pelting the roof.
speaker_heading: 60 CARRIE
text: She is staring across the street at:
speaker_heading: 61 BOBBY
text: Screaming with anger (more than anything else) as he disentangles himself. He stands up,
text: looks toward Carrie across the street, shakes his little fist.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (defiantly)
dialog: Fart-face!
speaker_heading: 62 CARRIE
text: The boy's defiant chant can be heard as Carrie blinks, wondering. Then she opens her eyes,
text: wider. She looks at the boy. She frowns for a moment.
speaker_heading: 63 FLASH CUTS
dialog: The stones.
text: The light bulb exploding.
text: The ashtray falling.
dialog: We hear:
speaker_heading: BOBBY'S VOICE
dialog: Fart-face, fart-face, fart-face!
speaker_heading: 64 CARRIE
text: A faint smile, partly of wonder, partly of a strange kind of joy. She knows.
dialog: 23
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 65 INT. SNELL KITCHEN ­ ELEANOR SNELL ­ DAY
text: Sue's mother. Out of a margarine commercial ­ a packaged, nice lady, neat, trim ­ a good
text: mother, good wife. She is preparing dinner; in her line of sight, a television game show
text: glitters.
speaker_heading: DOORBELL
text: Eleanor frowns momentarily, leaves the kitchen.
scene_heading: 66 INT. SNELL HOUSE ­ TRACKING ELEANOR ­ DAY
text: Through the middleclass, rather tasteful home, to the front door.
text: Eleanor opens the door.
scene_heading: 67 ANGLE ON MARGARET WHITE
text: Standing in the doorway. She is a large lady dressed in black, carrying a worn black leather
text: sack, which we will discover is bulging with religious tracts.
scene_heading: 68 ELEANOR WITH MARGARET
text: Margaret White is not a welcome visitor, but Eleanor Snell is a polite lady.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Oh, Mrs. White.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: How have you been, Mrs. Snell?
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: And the doctor?
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: And your daughter?
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Sue is... fine.
text: An impasse. Finally Eleanor feels constrained to open the door wider, put a smile on her
dialog: face, and:
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Won't you come in, Mrs. White?
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Thank you.
text: She steps inside and Eleanor closes the door behind her, saying:
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I think Carrie is in some of Sue's classes.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Perhaps some time Carrie might visit...
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: I'm here on the Lord's work.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Yes, of course.
text: Margaret is fishing tracts out of her bag.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: These will interest the doctor and you.
text: Eleanor looks at the tracts with pretended interest
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I'm sure they will.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: And your daughter.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: (a smile)
dialog: Well, I don't think Sue would be ­
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: (cutting in)
dialog: Children are godless these days, Mrs. Snell.
text: Margaret's voice is almost toneless ­ now and throughout.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: My Sue is a good girl.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: These are Godless times.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: I'll drink to that!
text: Humor ­ and she regrets it immediately.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: (continuing; quietly)
dialog: We'll all read... these.
text: The telephone RINGS.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Excuse me.
dialog: (retreating)
dialog: Please sit down.
text: Margaret doesn't sit, and Eleanor flees into the kitchen.
scene_heading: 69 INT KITCHEN ­ DAY
text: As Eleanor reaches the phone.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Hello... Betty, can I call you back? Margaret White is here...
dialog: Right... right... Let me get rid of her and I'll call you back.
text: She hangs up, opens a drawer, takes out some hidden household money (a couple of bills),
text: and drags herself back into the living room.
scene_heading: 70 INT. SNELL LIVING ROOM ­ DAY
text: Margaret is still where we left her.
dialog: 26
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: We'd like to contribute ten...
dialog: (a look at Margaret)
dialog: ...twenty dollars.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Thank you. I'll give you a receipt.
text: Eleanor shifts from foot to foot while Margaret writes out the receipt, gives it to her.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: Thank you, Mrs. White.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: I'll pray you find Jesus before it's too late.
text: What can one say? Eleanor stands there, completely exasperated but retaining her politeness
text: like a steel, middle-class glove. She accompanies Margaret to the door and the latter leaves.
text: Eleanor is about to close the door, stops, seeing:
scene_heading: 71 EXT SNELL HOUSE ­ FROM DOOR ­ DAY
text: Sue is coming toward the door. She passes Margaret with a quick (inaudible) greeting and
text: hurries to the front door where her mother is waiting.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: That's Carrie White's mother...
text: As Eleanor nods and closes the door.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: (apprehensively)
dialog: What did she want?
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: (indicating tracts)
dialog: She gave us these ­
dialog: (conspiratorial sigh)
dialog: ...and I gave her a donation.
text: Sue's face betrays relief, but Eleanor notices nothing.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: Well, how was school today?
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Today? Like always.
text: HOLD ON Sue, staring at the tracts on the table (or perhaps out the window as Margaret
text: leaves). A long beat, then:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: 72 CARRIE
text: Who is sitting in an old Boston rocker by the window in her room which overlooks the street.
text: She is wearing just a slip or perhaps an old terrycloth robe ­ her plain dress and school books
text: on the narrow bed.
text: She is leafing through a teenage magazine on the order of "Seventeen" ­ absorbed in the
text: mundane fantasies of models in their pantyhose and underwear; long gowns and mystery men.
text: An escape of sorts.
text: And we reveal Carrie's bedroom in the low attic of the White house: tiny, plain, severe. It's
text: decorated with just the fewest embellishments (i.e. high school pennant) that Margaret would
text: allow in exchange for her own prices ­ a crucifix above Carrie's bed, a small bureau with an
text: equally small mirror, a Bible and plastic glow-in-the-dark Madonna and child, and various
text: religious prints and plaster quotations on the wall.
scene_heading: 73 ANGLE ­ FEATURING CARRIE
text: Caught up in the magazine, in the most normal of female fantasies courtesy of the slick
text: Madison Avenue mind. And then, with that extra sense of perception apparatus that fears it's
text: about to be caught doing something it shouldn't, Carrie glances out the window and down to
dialog: see:
scene_heading: 74 EXT THE STREET ­ MARGARET
text: As this formidable vision of black strides down the walk. Another woman like this would be
text: coming home from a funeral; Margaret actually seems to like black.
speaker_heading: 75 CLOSEUP ­ CARRIE
text: Her heart pounding as we glimpse that look of terror we witnessed earlier ­ a scared little girl
text: now encased in the body of an adolescent.
text: As she hears Margaret close the front door and call out her name as she hangs up her coat,
text: Carrie hastily stashes the magazine under the mattress. Then she begins to dress as we hear
text: the SOUNDS of Margaret in the kitchen, starting her daily afternoon ritual of making tea.
dialog: 28
text: And then the telephone RINGS ­ only to stop as Margaret picks up the receiver. It's just as
text: Carrie dreaded ­ it's the school ­ and she stands by the door, trying desperately to overhear
text: Margaret's muffled voice. And then Margaret hangs up, and in a deadly tone of voice ­ not
text: yelling but enunciation with a terrible clarity ­ she calls up the stairs:
speaker_heading: MARGARET'S VOICE
dialog: I know you're listening. Come downstairs.
text: And defeated, Carrie braces herself and goes down the:
scene_heading: 76 HALLWAY, STAIRS, LIVING ROOM, FOLLOWING CARRIE
text: As she hurries down toward her mother and into:
scene_heading: 77 INT WHITE KITCHEN ­ DAY
text: Where Margaret is standing by the stove, her back to her in stony silence.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Hello, Momma.
text: No response. The teakettle is just beginning to boil over the gas burner, and in this altogether
text: strange little kitchen ­ a veritable arsenal of lace-tatted religious art ­ Margaret is a rock.
dialog: 29
text: Carrie sits down at the kitchen table, bursting with shame and the need to talk. Yet she
text: recognizes her mother's wall of silence, knowing she won't speak until she's ready. They've
text: been through this dance a thousand times. Finally, Carrie breaks.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Who was it that called?
dialog: (no response)
dialog: What did they say?
speaker_heading: 78 MARGARET
text: Point one and some grim satisfaction. Yet she doesn't respond immediately. Then she turns
text: from the stove.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: (softly)
dialog: You're a woman now.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Oh Momma, why didn't you tell me something? I was so scared...
text: Margaret walks over to the table and sits next to Carrie. She puts on rimless glasses, then
text: opens the Bible and starts to read with one of those strange Kathryn Kuhlman looks on her
dialog: face:
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: `And God made Eve from the rib of Adam. And Eve was
text: weak and loosed the raven on the world, and the raven was
dialog: called Sin ­ `
text: She pushes the Bible at Carrie, her finger on the place.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: ...and the raven was called sin...
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Why didn't you tell me? Oh, Momma ­
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: (overriding)
dialog: ...and the raven was called Sin! ...and the first sin was intercourse.
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I was so scared! And the other girls, they made fun of me
dialog: and threw things and ­
text: Margaret's hand flashes out, backhanding Carrie into the wall. It's a wallop of a slap, the
text: sting of it bringing tears to her eyes.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Momma, please listen. It wasn't my fault.
text: Another backhanded blow knocks Carrie to the floor.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Momma!
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: And Eve was weak and... say it, woman!
dialog: Kick.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Momma, please help me.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
text: And Eve was weak and loosed the raven on the world.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: They threw things...
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: (overriding)
dialog: ...and the raven was called Sin... Sin! ...and the first sin
dialog: was intercourse.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Momma, please listen.
text: A kick.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: And the Lord visited Eve with a curse, and the curse
dialog: was the Curse of Blood!
dialog: 31
text: The teakettle starts to WHISTLE.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: You should have told me!
text: Margaret clutches Carrie's wrist in a vise.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: (heavenward)
dialog: O Lord, help this sinning woman see the sin of her days and ways.
dialog: Show her that if she had remained sinless ­
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: -- the Curse of Blood would never have come on her. She may have
text: been tempted by the Antichrist. She may have committed the Sin of
dialog: Lustful Thoughts.
text: The teakettle is WHISTLING louder ­ a high-pitched scream.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: No, Momma.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Don't you lie to me, Carietta, don't you know by now I can see inside
dialog: you? I can see your sin just as surely as God can.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Momma, let me go.
text: Margaret flings open the door of the kitchen closet.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: We will pray. We will pray, woman, we will pray to Jesus for
dialog: our woman-weak, wicked, sinning souls...
text: She switches on the light, and there is Jesus on the wall, rictus, crown of thorns, bathed in an
text: ominous blue light. A vision of a wrathful God. Throughout the following, Carrie struggles
text: desperately, but she's no match for her mother.
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: And the Lord visited Eve with a Curse, and the Curse was the Curse
dialog: of Blood. And there was a Second Curse, and this was the Curse of
dialog: Childbearing, and Eve brought forth Cain in sweat and blood!
text: She propels Carrie into the closet, slams the door behind her. Margaret's voice continues,
dialog: overlapping onto:
scene_heading: 79 INT. CLOSET ­ CARRIE ­ DAY
text: Very much the little girl now as she sinks to the floor of the closet ­ crying, disheveled,
dialog: beaten. The closet is just what every child ever dreaded about the night.
speaker_heading: 80 JESUS
text: Looking down at Carrie.
speaker_heading: 81 CARRIE
text: She looks away ­ and inwards. With her, we see:
scene_heading: 82 SPLATS OF BLOOD
text: Falling on the shower floor.
text: 83 THE GIRLS ­ IN THE SHOWER ROOM
text: Surrounding Carrie, jeering her, bombarding her.
speaker_heading: 84 JESUS
text: Impassive, impersonal, unconcerned ­ or so it seems.
text: 85 CHRIS ­ IN THE SHOWER ROOM
text: In the forefront of the pack.
scene_heading: 86 CARRIE ­ IN THE SHOWER ROOM
text: As the girls would see her, cowering, the bloody napkins pelting her.
scene_heading: 87 JESUS ­ CLOSER ANGLE
text: The blood seems to be streaming down his face; it moves.
dialog: 33
scene_heading: 88 CARRIE ­ IN THE CLOSET
text: Tears are streaming down her face. She whispers:
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Please!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 89 EXT. THE HILL ­ NIGHT
text: MOVING IN SLOWLY on Tommy Ross' 1963 Ford, which is parked in the shadows on The
text: Hill (something of a ridge which overlooks the town and is dedicated to Eros by high school
text: students and occasional graduates). The MUSIC swells as we MOVE IN. And finally, we
text: PEER into the car, where we see:
scene_heading: 90 INT. TOMMY'S FORD ­ NIGHT
text: Sue and Tommy have finished making love in the back seat. They are both putting their
text: clothes in order, silently, slowly.
text: Then they climb into the front seat. Sue takes out a cigarette. Tommy lights it with the
text: dashboard lighter. They say nothing as Sue smokes for a few moments. Then Tommy looks
text: at her closely.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hey.
text: She turns away.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hey, what's the matter?
text: He puts his arm around her clumsily.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: What did I do?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Nothing. It's not you.
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hey, everything's all right. I love you, honey.
dialog: (silence)
dialog: Did I...?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: (blurting)
dialog: It's Carrie.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Carrie. Carrie White.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Praying Carrie?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Don't call her that.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (imitating Carrie)
dialog: It's... beautiful.
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: That's what she said when I read that poem you wrote for me.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Tommy, please...
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (going on)
dialog: And Big Belly Fromm saying...
dialog: (imitating)
dialog: That isn't exactly criticism, Miss White.
dialog: (exploding)
dialog: Jesus!
text: Sue has turned away from him.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hey, honey, it was a beautiful poem. I wish I could have written it.
dialog: (silence)
dialog: Honey?
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Don't call me that.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Don't call her that. Don't call me that. What the hell's the matter with you?
dialog: She is crying, that's what.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hey, are you crying?
dialog: (yes, stupid)
dialog: Are you?
text: He tries to turn her toward him. She struggles. Manfully, he forces her around.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Jesus, Sue, what is it?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: (trying to turn away)
dialog: I told you.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Told me what?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: About Carrie.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: That thing in the shower?
dialog: (she's silent)
dialog: Hey, it was a joke, wasn't it? I mean, everyone was doing it.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: I'm not everyone.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You're special.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: I was one of them.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: So you were teasing Carrie White ­
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: We were hurting her ­
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: She's used to it. Jesus, you remember how she'd get down on her
dialog: knees and say grace in the cafeteria... alone, for Christ's sake. And
dialog: the way she dresses... Hey, Sue, she's asking for it.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: (vehemently)
dialog: How would you like to be Carrie White?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: How would I like to be Carrie White?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: How would you like to be Carrie White? How would you like to be
text: Carrie White instead of being Tommy Ross... big man, big jock, popular.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: What's the big deal about being popular? I mean, one day I'll wake up
dialog: and find myself working at my dad's car lot and out Friday nights and
dialog: Saturdays at Uncle Billy's or the Cavalier drinking beer and maybe
dialog: married with a bunch of kids...
dialog: (stops)
dialog: What's that got to do with Carrie White? Or anything?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: I did something wrong and I feel bad about it.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I can understand that. Hey, back in seventh grade, there was this kid...
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: I've got to do something about it.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: I don't know yet. Apologize.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Okay, you tell her you're sorry.
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: That's not enough. That's like something my mom would do.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: What are you going to do? Kiss her, for God's sake?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: God, I hate you sometimes!
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: What the hell do you want me to do?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: I want you to help me. Or are you just interested in fucking me?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Don't say that!
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Fucking me, fucking me...
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Cut it out!
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Then help me!
text: Tommy moves back from Sue. He is looking at her, trying to figure her out. He wants to do
dialog: something, he doesn't want an argument, but...
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Okay, what can I do?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: I want you to think about Carrie White.
dialog: 38
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (incredulously)
dialog: You want me to sit here and think about... Jesus!
dialog: (moment)
dialog: Are you serious?
dialog: (moment)
dialog: You're serious.
dialog: (moment)
dialog: What's there to think about?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Think about it.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Jesus.
text: He stares off through the windshield. He is really puzzled. He steals a look at Sue. He starts
text: to put his arm around her; she moves a little, subtly but clearly. Tommy stares off into space
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I never thought about her. I mean, she wasn't someone you had to
dialog: think about.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: She was always there ­ keeping to herself in that stupid dress ­ that
dialog: weird mother.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know what I mean?
text: Sue glances toward him. Of course she knows. And he is beginning to understand.
text: Tommy looks straight ahead again. He is starting to think. It's not all that easy.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (almost under his breath)
dialog: Carrie White?
text: It does come out as a question.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 39
scene_heading: 91 INT. WHITE LIVING ROOM ­ NIGHT
text: Margaret is at the sewing machine. She is either listening to a reasonable facsimile of
text: Kathryn Kuhlman preaching on the radio, or instead, to an old Victrola which plays
text: Tennessee Ernie Ford's "Let the Lower Lights Be Burning." A Black Forest cuckoo clock,
text: providing a sense of lapsed time.
text: Suddenly the treadle on the sewing machine depresses itself. The needle begins to dip up and
text: down; the bobbin whirs and jerks.
text: Margaret turns around to see:
speaker_heading: 92 CARRIE
text: She is standing in the entrance of the living room. Her demeanor seems more peaceful, calm,
text: almost too calm.
speaker_heading: 93 MARGARET
text: A touch of fear in her eyes. But:
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Go to bed.
speaker_heading: 94 CARRIE
text: She crosses over to her mother, kisses her lightly on the (unmoving) head.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Good night, Momma.
text: Carrie goes to the stairs.
text: 95 UP THE STAIRS
dialog: With Carrie.
scene_heading: 96 UPPER HALLWAY
text: Carrie goes into her room.
dialog: 40
scene_heading: 97 INT. CARRIE'S ROOM ­ NIGHT
text: Carrie turns on a light. She undresses slowly, wearily. And then she stops and looks at
text: herself in the mirror. A close, tired inspection. Her eyes seem hollow, haunted. Carrie
text: doesn't like what she sees; she doesn't like herself.
text: Flex. Slowly cracks appear in the mirror, spiderwebs.
text: Flex. The mirror cracks wider.
text: And flex: the mirror shatters, crashes to the dresser in pieces, loudly; some of the pieces fall
text: on the floor.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Carrie! Carrie? Carrie!
dialog: A moment of utter panic ­ now what?
scene_heading: 98 HALLWAY STAIRS
text: As Margaret strides up them, past the landing, and tries the knob on Carrie's door. It's
text: locked. She rattles the knob. But to no avail. Then:
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Carrie! Carrie, open this door!
dialog: (a beat; nothing)
dialog: Carrie!
dialog: Another beat; then:
speaker_heading: CARRIE'S VOICE
dialog: (sweetly)
dialog: It's open, Momma.
text: Margaret tries the knob again, and it is, indeed, open.
scene_heading: 99 INT CARRIE'S ROOM
text: Where Carrie is kneeling by her bed, now in her flannel nightgown, praying.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: What was that noise?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: 41
dialog: Nothing, Momma.
text: Margaret peers around the room; she did hear a mirror break, no mistake about it. But there it
text: is ­ whole again as her reflection in it testifies. Margaret walks over to it, rearranges the
text: plastic glow-in-the-dark Madonna and child on the dresser.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Go to bed.
text: She leaves the doorway and we return to Carrie, who smiles sweetly. And then:
dialog: Flex.
text: The door slams closed.
scene_heading: 100 INT. THE GYM ­ TRACKING SHOT ­ DAY
text: Down the class of twenty-five or so girls, still in their street clothes, lined up against the gym
dialog: wall under their class numbers as:
speaker_heading: 101 COLLINS
text: Walks in front of them with a clipboard taking roll.
dialog: Collins
dialog: ...Shyres...
speaker_heading: SHYRES (o.s.)
dialog: Present
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: ...Snell...
speaker_heading: 102 THE GIRLS
scene_heading: STILL TRACKING, FEATURING Sue
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Here.
speaker_heading: COLLINS (o.s.)
dialog: Watson...
speaker_heading: WATSON
dialog: Present.
dialog: 42
text: The CAMERA COMES to an empty space ­ without being told, we can tell it's Carrie's.
speaker_heading: 103 COLLINS
text: Hesitates, then moves right along.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: ...and the Wilsons.
dialog: Who're identical twins.
speaker_heading: CORA
dialog: Here...
speaker_heading: RHONDA
dialog: ...Miss Collins.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: (small smile; then, closing her book)
dialog: Okay. Sit down.
text: All the girls ­ except Chris ­ obey.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: You too, Chris. And spit out that gum.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (overly sweet)
dialog: Where'll I put it, Miss Collins?
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: You can choke on it for all I care. Now sit down.
speaker_heading: 104 CHRIS
text: Pausing for a second, then deciding it's better to go along without talking back. She sits
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: 105 THE GIRLS
text: Shifting nervously, unused to Collins' absolute no-nonsense tone.
speaker_heading: 106 COLLINS
text: Taking a deep breath.
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Okay. I just want you all to know that you did a shitty thing
dialog: yesterday. A really shitty thing.
scene_heading: 107 HELEN SHYRES
text: the freckled, slightly pudgy girl sitting next to Sue ­ giggles nervously. But no one joins her,
text: and she clasps her hand over her mouth, trying to stifle it.
speaker_heading: 108 COLLINS
text: Glaring at Helen, silencing her.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Did any of you stop to think that Carrie White has feelings?
dialog: Do any of you ever stop to think? No, I guess you've got your
dialog: minds on your dates and the Prom. Chris, I imagine you can take
dialog: your pick, who's the lucky guy?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: Billy Nolan.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: Who? Speak up! I can't hear you.
text: Chris tries to control her anger ­ is barely able to.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Billy Nolan
text: Collins ­ eye-to-eye with Chris now, smiles.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Well, isn't he the lucky one.
text: She walks down the line, stopping in front of Sue.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: And what about you, Sue? Who's taking you?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Tommy Ross.
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Right
dialog: (beat; then)
dialog: Okay. Now my idea for this little trick you pulled was three days'
dialog: suspension and refusal of your prom tickets.
speaker_heading: 109 THE GIRLS
text: As Collins' words sink in ­ groans of disappointment.
scene_heading: 110 SUE'S POV ­ COLLINS
text: Almost seeming o single Sue out as she continues ­ at least that's the way it seems to Sue.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: That would hit you where you live, now, wouldn't it? And you'd
dialog: deserve it ­ I don't think any of you have any idea of just how nasty
dialog: what you did was. The office has decided that you're to have one
dialog: week's detention.
text: The girls sigh with relief. Chris has a particularly smug look. Collins takes in their reactions;
text: then she reels in the line:
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: But. There's one little catch. It's to be my detention. Right here in
dialog: the gym. Fifty minutes every day. Get the picture?
speaker_heading: 111 THE GIRLS
text: As they realize just how they've been had ­ indeed, getting the picture.
speaker_heading: 112 CHRIS
text: Furious, defiant.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I won't come.
speaker_heading: 113 COLLINS
text: No less determined, but cool.
dialog: 45
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: That's up to you, Chris. That's up to all of you. Punishment for
dialog: skipping detention is three days' suspension and the loss of your
dialog: prom tickets. Any other thoughts?
speaker_heading: 114 THE GIRLS
text: Sober, slightly frightened.
scene_heading: 115 INT. HALL OUTSIDE GYM ­ CARRIE ­ DAY
text: She is standing in the hall, looking into the gym through the small glass window cut in the
dialog: door.
scene_heading: 116 INT. GYM
text: Collins has finished with the girls, she stands in front of them, the victor.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Right. Now change up.
text: The girls start to turn.
scene_heading: 117 INT. HALL OUTSIDE GYM
text: Carrie quickly pulls away from the door before she can be seen, hastens away.
scene_heading: 118 INT. GYM
text: Collins watches the girls filing into the locker room, a small triumphant smile on her face.
scene_heading: 119 INT. HALL OUTSIDE GYM
text: Carrie is now far down the hall, a small distant figure. Now she goes out of sight around a
text: corner. The hall is empty and still; HOLD, then:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 120 INT. THE LOCKER ROOM
text: As the girls change silently into their green gym outfits ­ quiet, subdued, most of them
text: resigned to their punishment. Chris, however, is about to blow up; she tosses her skirt into
text: her locker and slams the door shut.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 46
scene_heading: 121 AN INDEX CARD ­ SCHOOL LIBRARY
text: And then another, and another, and yet another flipping by us, one title following another as
text: Carrie looms over the card catalog, searching. The title cards include POISON, POLITICS
text: and POLTERGEISTS ­ on this latter card, it reads: "A ghost supposed to be responsible for
text: table rappings and other mysterious, noisy disturbances." It also contains a cross-reference ­
text: see tele ­ and the rest of the word is blurred.
speaker_heading: 121A CARRIE
text: Her face ­ curious, deciding to follow it up.
scene_heading: 121B A FASTER MONTAGE
text: As Carrie flips through the "T" card catalog ­ passing everything from Talmud to Tarantula
dialog: until she gets to:
scene_heading: 121C TELEKINESIS ­ A CLOSER SHOT
text: On the word, and below it:
dialog: `Thought to be the ability to move or to cause changes in objects by force of the mind,
dialog: perhaps a genetic-recessive in origin.'
speaker_heading: 121D CARRIE ­ CLOSE
text: Her mind struggling with the words on the card, pondering, thoughtful. Her heart starts to
dialog: beat.
scene_heading: 122 INT. THE GYM ­ TRACKING SHOT
text: On the girls, all of them in the green gym suits, being run ragged, just as Collins promised.
text: She's pushing them extremely hard, barking orders at them, using her whistle like a drill
dialog: instructor.
scene_heading: 123 ANGLE ­ ON CHRIS
text: As she runs to position herself next to Sue.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: She can't get away with this. I'm going to get her. That goddamn snerd ­
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Let it go, Chris.
dialog: 47
text: And Sue runs on, leaving Chris ­ red in the face, breathless, furious ­ behind. Chris
text: deliberately slows down and then just halts.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: The period's not up, Hargensen.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: It is for me.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
text: There are ten minutes left.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Stick them up your ass.
text: Chris starts to stalk past Collins who reaches out and firmly pushes her back. Chris becomes
text: immediately hysterical.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You can't hit us! You'll get canned for this, you bitch! My father ­
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: One more word from you and I'll throw you across the room. Want to
dialog: see if I'm telling the truth?
scene_heading: 124 GROUP SHOT ­ FEATURING CHRIS
text: Appealing to the others now; flailing, out of control.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: She can't get away with this! Goddammit! If we all stick together, we can ­
speaker_heading: 125 THE GIRLS
text: As Chris looks to them for support, none of them quite knowing what to do.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Norma... Helen... Sue!
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: 126 ANOTHER ANGLE
dialog: Featuring Chris and Sue
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: (lifeless)
dialog: Shut up, Chris. Just shut up.
speaker_heading: 127 CHRIS
text: A mutineer without a single ally now. She realizes it and heads for the door leading to the
text: locker room, and this time, Collins doesn't even try to stop her. At the door:
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: This isn't over. This isn't over by a long shot.
text: The door slams shut, leaving the girls and Collins frozen by Chris's outburst. The BELL
text: gives a shrill RING, and we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 128 INT. THE CAVALIER ­ AFTERNOON
text: The local after-school hangout. Clusters of students milling in and around booths. Pinball
text: machines, a jukebox thumping "NO WHERE TO RUN" by Martha Reeves and the Vandellas.
text: Sue is sitting, reading, alone in one of the booths as Chris enters, says hello to some of her
text: clique, and spots her.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Hey, Sue! Just who I've been looking for!
text: Sue looks up and tries to force her face into a smile. Chris slides into the booth across from
text: her and thrusts her John F. Kennedy school yearbook across the table ­ an action which Sue
text: involuntarily jerks away from out of nervousness.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I wanted you to sign my yearbook. Hey, where's you old man,
dialog: did he stand you up?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: (busying herself with the yearbook)
dialog: Still at practice
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Well, I guess you've heard I'm out of the prom. I bet that cocksucker
dialog: Morton loses his job, though. Daddy's suing them. Hey, Billee! Billee!
dialog: Come over and say hi to Sue.
text: Sue slides the yearbook back across the table to Chris, who examines it:
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Hey, is that it? Just Sue Snell?
text: Billy goons INTO FRAME next to Chris, glomming his arm around her neck.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Hey, Suze.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I think we're going anyway, right, Billee?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Sure thing, Charlie.
text: Chris playfully jabs him in the ribs.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: You mean crash?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Sure, why not? Hey, listen, I've got a good one. "Roses are red,
dialog: violets are blue, sugar is sweet, but Carrie White eats shit."
text: Billy, goon that he is, cracks up.
text: Sue finds it not at all funny, but doesn't know exactly what to do about what she's feeling.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Chris, I've got to go.
text: A new tune comes on the juke ­ Shirley and Company whooping it up on "SHAME, SHAME,
dialog: SHAME."
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: (oblivious, her laughter turning to fury)
dialog: That goddamn Carrie! If only the rest of you had walked out with me...
dialog: Jesus, Sue, why didn't you?
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: I took the detention because I thought we ­ I ­ earned it. It was a shitty
dialog: thing to have done. End of statement.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Bullshit! That goddamn snerd and her batshit mother ­ saying we're all
dialog: going to hell.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: (rising)
dialog: What'd she ever do to you, Chris? Or to any of us? Why do you hate her
dialog: so much?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Hey, hey... tell me if I'm wrong, but who was that n there pitching with
dialog: the rest of us?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Me.
dialog: (it comes out a pinched nerve)
dialog: Me. But I stopped.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: (dawning on her; getting it finally)
dialog: Oh. Oh, aren't you just it? Oh, my, yes.
dialog: (imitating; prissy)
dialog: You stopped. Hey, Billee, she stopped.
text: Sue is scared now ­ she hears it coming. There's no question about it, though; the rumbles
text: have already begun, and there's no stopping what's coming.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: God, I'm dumb sometimes. Billee, hey, Billee, do you want to know why
dialog: Suze here didn't walk out?
text: Billy's over by the pinball machines with some of his goon squad. He boastfully struts
text: around ­ much to their obvious delight ­ making the sound of a chicken in reply.
speaker_heading: 129 SUE ­ CLOSE
text: Seeing this; feeling it all about to lurch out of control and turn against her. The bottom's
dialog: falling out.
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: I'll see you around, Chris.
scene_heading: 130 TWO SHOT ­ SUE AND CHRIS
text: FEATURING Chris prominently ­ a bloodhound now sure of the scent.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No. Wait. You stopped, remember? So just stop again.
dialog: (uglier)
dialog: Why didn't you walk out? Why didn't you walk out, Sue?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Okay, Chris. That's enough.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
text: You didn't walk out, Sue... little Suze... little Suzy Creamcheese...
dialog: because you didn't want to miss a moment of your precious prom.
text: Bulls-eye. Sue fights back the tears and fury, trembling now. But she tries to muster up some
dialog: dignity.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: And you don't?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (not about to be put off)
dialog: You're goddamn right, I don't. But we're on your case now.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'll bet you've got your dress all picked out, too. What color
dialog: is it? Yellowguts?
text: She's about to break, holding it in as best she can. Chris just as quickly as she spots the
text: weakness, shuts it off, bottling up all the rage into he cruelest stainless-steel smile she can
dialog: muster.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (dismissively)
dialog: See you around, Sue.
dialog: And that's it ­ shut up, shut down, shut out.
dialog: 52
text: Sue turns and starts to walk out of the Cavalier. In the background behind her, it's all out of
text: focus, an incoherent babble of snickering and clucking laughter. She's crossed the line.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 131 EXT. ATHLETIC FIELD ­ DAY
text: Sue sits in the bleachers overlooking the field. She is preoccupied, still shaken by the
text: afternoon's confrontation with Chris. The track team is moving past the bleachers (a coach in
text: the field clocking them and shouting orders). Tommy, in his track uniform, peels away from
text: the group and comes running up to Sue.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hi!
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: I want to talk to you.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Sure, what's up?
text: To avoid the noise of the cheerleaders practicing down in front of them, and the other girls
text: sitting in the bleachers half watching their boyfriends and half eyeing Tommy and Sue, Sue
text: beckons Tommy to follow her away from the group behind the bleachers, and as they walk off
dialog: together we hear the following:
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: If I asked you to do something for me ­ something special ­ would you?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Uh-huh.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: No matter how crazy it sounded?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Sure. What?
text: The sound is muffled, and we don't hear what she says. But we do hear:
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (continuing; exploding)
dialog: Are you out of your mind?
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 132 EXT. VAN NUYS BOULEVARD ­ NIGHT
text: A big hangout-cruising night on the boulevard. Neon, convertibles, "Rebel Without a Cause"
text: meets "American Graffiti" seventies-style. In other words, the works -- with MUSIC.
scene_heading: 133 EXT. INTERSECTION ­ NIGHT
text: As a '61 Chevy leaves a sizeable patch of rubber on the street as it GRINDS to a hard stop,
text: just barely halting before it almost went through a red light and collided with the traffic
text: already in the intersection.
scene_heading: 134 INT. THE CHEVY
text: which belongs to the aforementioned BILLY NOLAN ­ a character whose life and brains
text: stopped around the time he saw "Rebel" on television. He's Chris's boyfriend, and a huge
text: cross swings around his neck. Right now, he's utterly amused by his harrowing driving, and
text: turns to Chris who ignores him, still brooding over her afternoon losses. Billy takes a huge
text: toke from a joint and hands it to her; she ignores that too, and proceeds to busy herself
text: applying makeup in the visor window. So Billy looks out his window and strikes up some
text: banter with a fellow cruiser idling beside them at the light. The light changes, and Billy peels
text: out ­ an action with throws Chris backwards onto the seat.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Goddamnit, Billy!
text: He just laughs as he weaves through traffic.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Slow down!
dialog: (as he pays no heed)
dialog: Slow down, you stupid shit!
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Scared, Chuckie?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No. You'll kill us, you stupid shit!
text: Billy lazily slaps her, speeds up.
dialog: 54
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Don't call me that.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Stupid shit.
text: He slaps her again.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (continuing; under her breath)
dialog: Stupid shit.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (disgustedly)
dialog: Oh wow!
text: He slams on the brakes, and pulls into:
scene_heading: 135 EXT. CARNEY'S (SUNSET BLVD.) ­ DOWNWARDS ANGLE ­ NIGHT
text: LOOKING DOWN on a parking lot where cars are parked; a huge pullman's car which has
text: been converted into a restaurant. This after-school hangout is called the Cavalier.
scene_heading: 136 INT. CHEVY
text: As Billy reaches over, very confidently, to draw Chris to him.
text: She lets herself be kissed, then pulls away abruptly.
text: He grabs at her, and she pulls away.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: What's wrong?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Can't you wait a minute?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You're so ignorant.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: That's what you like.
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Bullshit.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: No? I'll show you what you like, Chuckie.
dialog: Grab.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Jesus.
dialog: Grab.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: No!
text: She pushes him away.
text: He grabs her. She pushes; he grabs. A struggle. Grabs at her tit. There goes the blouse; the
text: buttons are ripped off.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: ...How you... gonna... explain that...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Dumb shit!
text: He slaps her.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: What'd I tell you?
text: Silence. Then, after some time, he leans over and kisses her. She lets him. He kisses her
text: again, and she responds. He goes at it. And she squirms away.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Hell is this?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I want you to do something.
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: BILLY|
dialog: What?
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: Yeah, what?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I want you to do something for me. Something important.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (warily)
dialog: Something important?
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: It will be very important to me. It will make me feel very good
dialog: if you do it.
text: She moves closer to him. Her hand dips down out of FRAME. She blows in his ear. Billy is
text: beginning to writhe; he moves in on her, but she holds him off, playing him like a puppet.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Billy, I hate Carrie White.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 137 TELEVISION SCREEN
text: On which we see the opening, helicopter-credit-sequence from "Duel at Diablo." The
dialog: television is in:
scene_heading: 138 INT. SNELL LIVING ROOM ­ NIGHT
text: Where the movie's SOUND continues uninterrupted for a bit over an incredible silence
text: between Tommy and Sue. They are sitting on a couch. The silence is finally broken by a
dialog: reluctant:
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Okay. I'll do it.
dialog: And we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 57
scene_heading: 139 INT. WHITE HALLWAY ­ NIGHT
text: Margaret slowly opens the door to Carrie's room and enters. Light filters in from the street.
text: Carrie is lying in bed, motionless, asleep.
text: Margaret crosses the room quietly. She leans over the bed. On the table next to it is the
text: glow-in-the-dark statue ­ not in its usual place on the dresser. Carrie's face, in the soft light,
text: seems very innocent.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: (low)
dialog: Carrie, did you pray?
dialog: No answer.
text: Margaret bends over Carrie. And with surprising tenderness, she kisses Carrie's forehead.
text: The she straightens up quickly, as though she has violated herself, and leaves the room.
text: Carrie opens her eyes. She pulls a book out from under the covers; then she stares at the
text: Madonna-child figurine, it begins to glow brighter and brighter, illuminating the room. It's
dialog: bright enough to read by now, and we leave Carrie expanding her education and:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 140 INT. SCHOOL LIBRARY ­ DAY
text: As Carrie examines a shelf of books with titles like "Cosmic Consciousness" and R.D.
text: Ogilve's "Hidden Powers of the Mind." She decides on the latter just as a voice startles her:
speaker_heading: TOMMY'S VOICE
dialog: Carrie?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Ohuh?
text: She stares at him and quickly covers the binding of the book with her hand, covering the title.
text: He looks as startled as she does.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: How're you doing?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
text: (after a beat; almost inaudibly)
dialog: Okay.
dialog: 58
text: It's harder than he thought it would be; just trying to make small talk is agonizing. But try it,
dialog: he does:
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I thought you had gym this period.
text: All she can do is shake her head. And a young man not easily deterred, he tries again.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: What're you reading?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (trying to cover, and not very well)
dialog: It's about... um.. sewing...
dialog: Right. Check and stalemate. Which brings him to:
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Umm... if you don't have a date for the Prom, would you want
dialog: to go with me?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: The Prom...
text: Without saying a word, Carrie walks down the aisle of book shelves. He follows her into the
text: main room where students are reading, working.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: ...It's next Friday, and I know this is later notice, but they stop selling
dialog: tickets soon, and ­
text: The bell RINGS.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I don't like to be tricked.
text: A couple of students stare at Tommy talking to Carrie as they start leaving the library.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Carrie...
dialog: 59
text: But it's too late ­ she's gone, already out the door.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 141 INT. HALL ­ TRACKING ­ DAY
text: As Tommy weaves through the crowd after her. Gangly GEORGE DAWSON spots him:
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Hey, Ross!
text: But Tommy ignores him in his singular pursuit.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hey, Carrie! Wait!
text: A couple of other students watch this ­ is this their Tommy Ross actually trying to speak with
text: Carrie? But he's oblivious of any looks now, any snickering ­ all he wants is to catch up with
dialog: Carrie.
text: Which he does; he manages to touch her arm, and it's a weird moment, this contact. She turns
text: around, her head painfully ducked down.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Hey, it's no big deal.
text: And she looks up and stares at him with that peculiar intensity that cuts through all the clamor
text: around them. Quiet, quietly:
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Do you people think you can just go on tricking me forever?
text: A beat. Tommy stands there helpless, sensing just how much of a big deal it is. Seeing that
text: she's on the verge of tears, he's feeling even worse, and all he can say is:
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Sorry.
text: But it's too little, and too late. She's crying. And what's more, she's gone ­ swallowed up
text: into the clamor of students rushing to beat the bell. Which RINGS as we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 60
scene_heading: 142 INT. GIRLS' LOCKER ROOM ­ AFTERNOON
text: As Collins tidies up after one of the classes ­ throwing towels into huge cans, etc. Only to
text: hear a mewing, whimpering sound and come upon Carrie who's huddled in one of the dark
text: corners of the room, crying. It's almost as if she created her own closet of space.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Carrie?
dialog: (on no response)
dialog: Carrie, what's the matter?
dialog: (on still no response)
dialog: Was it one of the girls? Did one of the girls do something to you?
dialog: Do you want a Kleenex?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: It's all right. Just tell me, there's nothing to be afraid of.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Miss Collins...
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: That's it...
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: When can I come back to gym?
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Not until Monday. Now what is it? Are you going to tell me?
dialog: Come on, Carrie, tell me.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I got asked to the prom.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: That's great!
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Tommy Ross asked me.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Tommy Ross ­ that's wonderful. He's cute.
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I know who he goes around with. They're trying to trick me
dialog: again. I know.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Maybe he really meant it. I mean, maybe he really did mean it.
dialog: Maybe you should think about it. It might be really fun. You
dialog: might have a really good time!
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: It would be a nightmare.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: C'mon, Carrie. You should have a better image of yourself. You
dialog: just think you're unattractive, but look at your hair. It's really beautiful.
dialog: If you just fixed it up a little... here, I'll show you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 143 OMIT
scene_heading: 144 INT. FACULTY LOUNGE ­ DAY
text: where Collins and Morton are grabbing a quick cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
text: Carrie's been asked to the prom.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Carrie White.
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: By whom? The Beak?
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: By Tommy Ross.
text: Morton goes into a coughing fit, accidentally knocking over his coffee in the process. Collins
text: watches, slightly amused by his reaction. When he recovers:
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: What about his girlfriend? Doesn't he date the little Snell girl?
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: I think she put him up to it.
scene_heading: 145 INT. OFFICE ­ DAY
text: Where Collins is grilling a very nervous Sue ­ just Sue so far.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Who's brainstorm was this?
dialog: (no response)
dialog: What are you trying to do?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: You've got it wrong.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: I hope so. I wouldn't have expected this from you, Sue. Not any
dialog: of it. Well?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: What do you want to know?
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Why Tommy asked her to the prom.
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: (reluctant; able to go this far)
dialog: I asked him to.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: (swallowing)
dialog: I asked him to.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: But, in God's name, what for? What could you possibly have
dialog: in mind?
scene_heading: 146 DIFFERENT ANGLE ­ FEATURING TOMMY
text: Who's also in the office for this interrogation ­ ill at ease, trying to appear cool.
dialog: 63
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: You mean what good would it do? Maybe it'll... bring her out of...
dialog: make her a...
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: A part of things? Oh, come on, Sue. None of us are that stupid. And
dialog: neither is Carrie.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Maybe not.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: And you're not going to go? You're going to stay home and miss your
dialog: senior prom?
text: Just as this point, NORMA WATSON ­ a prissy little pleaser with a mouth whose verbal
text: discretion could make the telephone obsolete ­ enters the room with a sheaf of attendance
text: sheets for the next week. All conversation ceases.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Yes, Norma? What is it?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Just the attendance sheets, Miss Collins.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Just leave them on the desk.
dialog: (to Sue)
dialog: You understand, you can't come without a date?
text: Sue understands perfectly well, but with Norma there, she's not about to say a word. And
text: Collins finally picks up on this:
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Is there something else, Norma?
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: (butter could melt)
dialog: No, Miss Collins.
text: And she exits as slowly as she can ­ trying to hear the last possible word. Then:
dialog: 64
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: (to Tommy)
dialog: Which brings us to you.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Miss Collins, I have to get to practice.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: That's too bad.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Look, this is between Sue and me. If you don't mind...
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Oh, but I do. Or would you rather we continue this discussion in
dialog: Mr. Morton's office?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
text: (bluffed; then off-handedly ­ like we first saw him in Fromm's class)
dialog: What's the big deal?
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Because it's a very big deal for Carrie White. And you know it.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Anyway, she's already said no.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: You can make her change her mind.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Don't overrate me.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Just don't try.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: It's not okay.
dialog: (to Collins)
dialog: You can't order anyone not to take someone to the prom.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: 65
dialog: I can make sure you don't hurt Carrie.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: We're not trying to hurt her. We're trying to help her.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: How?
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Tommy, when you come to the prom with Carrie White, don't you
dialog: think you'll look a little ridiculous?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Well...
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: We don't care how we look.
text: Sue looks over at Tommy.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Do we?
text: Tommy says nothing; he's caught between a rock and a hard place.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 147 EXT. WHITE HOUSE ­ DAY
text: As Tommy's Volkswagen parks across the street, Tommy gets out and approaches the White
dialog: house.
text: Carrie is inside, watching him come up the stairs. She remains on the hall side of the screen
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: So this is where you live.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: What... what're you doing here?
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Aren't you going to ask me in?
text: She shakes her head; he laughs again, a little nervously. Throughout this scene in which he
text: remains on the porch side of the screen door, he catches glimpses of the weird house within.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Momma's resting. What do you want?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Right to the point, huh? Okay, about the prom.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I already told you.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (a little charm)
dialog: Nothing to stop you changing your mind. Girls do it
dialog: all the time.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Why are you doing this?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hey, I'm asking you because I want to.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Look, I don't do anything I don't want to.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Sure you can.
text: In the background ­ in the kitchen, perhaps ­ Margaret calls out Carrie's name.
dialog: 67
text: Carrie glances nervously behind her; then back at Tommy.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: You better go.
speaker_heading: MARGARET'S VOICE
dialog: Carrie! Who are you talking to?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Don't you think you better answer?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: No one, Momma.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You're going with me.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You're going.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: They'll laugh.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: No one will laugh. We'll see to it.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Please. Please go.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Not `til you say yes.
text: Carrie swipes at her eyes with the back of her hand; helpless, honest, confused. She'd really
text: like to go at this point, but that extra sense in her is resisting.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Why? Why is it so important to you?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I don't know. Maybe it's because you liked my poem.
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: MARGARET (o.s.)
dialog: Carietta!!!
text: And in just these split seconds, she decides; had he not "liked" her poem, had Margaret not
dialog: called, perhaps she could have held back.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I'll pick you up at eight.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Fine.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Thank you.
text: Tommy smiles at her and, turning to leave, touches her hand against the screen door. A
text: goodbye, nothing more. He goes down the walk toward his car.
speaker_heading: 149 CARRIE
text: Watching him. She takes the hand he "touched" and brushes the hair back from her face. A
dialog: little beautiful? You bet.
speaker_heading: MARGARET'S VOICE
dialog: Carrie? Did you hear me?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Coming, Momma. Coming.
text: And as she turns away from the door, we:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 150 INT. GYM ­ AFTERNOON
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Why did you do it? God, everyone's talking.
dialog: 69
text: We PULL BACK to see the gym. The entire back wall has been devoted to a giant mural of
text: stars and planets ­ it seems the prom is to have a celestial theme, and the gymnasium is in the
text: process of being hung with a great deal of crepe paper, moons, etc.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: I asked Tommy to take Carrie. I thought I owed her that much.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Where does that put the rest of us?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: You have to make up your own mind.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: And Tommy went along with it?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Uh-huh.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: I guess the other kids think I'm stuck-up.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Well... they're all talking about it. But most of them still
dialog: think you're okay.
scene_heading: 151 HELEN'S POV ­ THE GYM ­ CHRIS AND NORMA WATSON
text: as thick as thieves, off in the corner, whispering.
scene_heading: 152 TWO SHOT ­ SUE AND HELEN
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: There is...
dialog: (giggles)
text: ...a small dissenting faction.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: I guess she's having a field day with this.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Susie, she hates your guts.
text: Sue nods ­ she knew it, now she hears it.
dialog: 70
scene_heading: 153 EXT. WHITE HOUSE ­ EVENING
text: FULL FRONTAL VIEW of thee bungalow IN the FRAME.
text: The lights are on downstairs; there's a slight drizzle and haze. HOLD, then:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 154 INT. WHITE KITCHEN
text: As Carrie and Margaret finish dinner. Silence ­ punctuated only by the slight DRIZZLE
text: outside and occasional flashes of THUNDER and lightning. Then:
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: You haven't touched your pie, Carrie.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: It makes me have pimples, Momma.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Your pimples are the Lord's way of chastising you.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Momma?
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Momma, please see that I have to start to get... to try and
dialog: get along with people.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Whatever are you going on about? Have you been showering
dialog: with the other girls again?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I... I've been invited to the prom.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: (a foreign language)
dialog: Prom?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: It's next Friday, and ­
dialog: 71
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: It's that teacher, the one that called. She'll be sorry.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Momma, please see that I'm not like you. I'm funny, I mean,
dialog: the kids think I'm funny. I don't want to be. I want to try and
dialog: be a whole person before it's too late to ­
text: Margaret throws her cup of tea in Carrie's face. It's cold, wet, sticky. But Carrie holds
text: herself in, she's going to be in charge this time. She takes a deep swallow and continues:
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: His name is Tommy Ross, and he's a very nice boy. He's ­
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: -- promised to stop in and meet you before, and ­
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: -- I said no!
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: -- have me in by midnight. I've ­
speaker_heading: MARGARET
text: (shaking her head now; uncontrollable)
dialog: No, no, no ­
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: -- accepted.
dialog: Pause.
text: Margaret's shaking with fury, trembling.
text: Carrie wipes the stringy wet hair from her forehead.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: I've accepted, Momma. I have accepted.
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: The closet.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: After all you've been taught ­
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Everyone isn't bad, Momma, everything isn't sinful.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Go to your closet and pray. Ask to be forgiven!
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: You'll like this boy, he....
text: And Margaret at this word shifts gears and winds up ­ in the grip of a weird babble.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
text: Boys. Yes, boys come next. After the blood, the boys come.
dialog: Like sniffing dogs...
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Momma ­
speaker_heading: MARGARET
text: ...grinning and slobbering, trying to find out where the smell
dialog: comes from, where the smell is. That... smell!
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Please stop...
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Yes, in cars. Yes. I know where they take you in their cars.
dialog: Roadhouses. Music. Whiskey. I've seen it, all right. Oh, yes.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Momma, you better stop.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: You're not going.
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I've already said I would, Momma.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Then say no. Say no. Or we'll move.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: We'll move from here and you'll never see that boy again.
text: A gust of wind causes the window to blow open. Margaret gets up and starts toward the
text: window. Carrie is silent, watching herself being shut out.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: (continuing)
text: The rain's coming in.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Momma, sit down.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: I'm going to close the windows.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I'll get them. Please sit and talk to me.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: No.
text: Margaret continues toward the kitchen window to close it.
text: Carrie knits her brow, and flex, the window closes.
text: Margaret whips around, facing Carrie.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I'm going, Momma. And things are going to change around here.
dialog: Flex.
text: The SOUND of a window shutting in another room.
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Witch!
dialog: Flex.
dialog: Another window.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: It's Satan's power. First he entered your father, carried him off...
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: He ran away, Momma. Everyone knows that.
dialog: Flex.
text: A couple of windows.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: The devil tempted him.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
text: He ran away with a woman, Momma.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: All men are the same. That boy, he's like all the rest, he doesn't ­
dialog: Flex.
text: The rest of the windows in the house THUNDER shut.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I don't care. He asked me to go. And I'm going. I'm going,
dialog: Momma. You can't stop me.
speaker_heading: HOLD ­
scene_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: 155 &amp; 156 OMITTED
dialog: 75
scene_heading: 157 EXT. ROAD ­ NIGHT
text: Leading to Henty's farm. A slight drizzle; or, the ground is still wet. A little more than a
text: crescent moon silhouettes a group of five: Billy and Chris in front, and Billy's twitchy zoo ­ a
text: completely wrecked KENNY GARSON, a very nervous FREDDY DE LOIS, and an
text: occasionally giggling, goggled HENRY TRENNANT ­ trailing behind. De Lois is swinging
text: a nine-pound sledge-hammer in the air; the other two goons are struggling with an ice-chest
text: and steel pails. Henty's farmhouse and barn are in the distance.
speaker_heading: DE LOIS
dialog: Hell of a risk for a joke.
text: Trennant giggles inanely. Billy stops and glares at De Lois.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: You want out?
speaker_heading: DE LOIS
dialog: (hastily)
dialog: No, uh-uh.
dialog: (then)
dialog: It's a good joke, Billy.
text: Trennant giggles again.
text: Garson is stoned silly ­ zonked, deadpan. He greedily sucks the last remnants of a joint into
text: oblivion before our eyes.
text: De Lois angrily snatches the roach out of Garson's fingers.
speaker_heading: DE LOIS
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Hey, piggie...
text: Trennant just giggles inanely.
dialog: Another long beat, then:
speaker_heading: DE LOIS
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: You sure Old Man Henty won't be around?
dialog: 76
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I told you. He's at a funeral.
text: Trennant explodes into a fit of high-pitched laughter.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Shut up, Henry.
speaker_heading: DE LOIS
dialog: Whose funeral did he go to?
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: His mother's.
speaker_heading: DE LOIS
dialog: His mother's? Jesus Christ, she musta been older than God!
text: Trennant lurches into another cackle. And in spite of themselves, Billy and Chris start
text: laughing, too. Even De Lois starts laughing.
text: The group passes a "No Trespassing" sign, prompting:
speaker_heading: DE LOIS
dialog: (continuing)
text: The bastard is going to shit where he stands when he comes
text: back and gets a look.
text: Garson drops one of the pails on the ground.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Asshole.
text: The sound of Trennant's high-pitched giggle.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 158 CHRIS'S POV ­ THE HOG PEN
text: And OVERLAPS INTO the harmonic chanting of De Lois, Trennant and Garson:
speaker_heading: THE BOYS
dialog: Soo-ee, soo-ee
dialog: Pig-pig-pig...
dialog: Soo-ee, soo-ee
dialog: Pig-pig-pig...
dialog: 77
text: And an old sleeping boar and two sows are GRADUALLY REVEALED.
scene_heading: 159 FULL SHOT ­ PANNING
text: The face of five ­ COMING TO REST on De Lois.
speaker_heading: DE LOIS
dialog: Doan worry, piggies, doan worry. I'm gonna bash your fuckin'
dialog: heads in, and you woan have to worry `bout the bomb no more.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Shut up and do it already.
speaker_heading: DE LOIS
dialog: I will, I will. I'm not gonna give `em time to burp.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: The throat.
text: But it's too late. De Lois has lost all conviction.
speaker_heading: DE LOIS
dialog: I... can't.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You.
text: He hands the sledge hammer to Billy.
text: Chris, chilled to the bone, rubs herself to keep warm.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Do it, Billy.
text: Billy touches the ball of his thumb to the edge of the sledge hammer.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Do it quick.
text: And Billy smiles. Yes, he actually smiles. As he raises the sledge hammer, we GO TO:
speaker_heading: BLACK
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
dialog: 78
scene_heading: 160 EXT. THE WHITE HOUSE ­ AFTERNOON
text: The sun is shining ­ perhaps the next day, a day later. The house is a picture postcard ­ under
text: it, we hear the sweet, muffled sound of "Amazing Grace." It's just loud enough for us to hear
text: it ­ joyous, triumphant.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 160A. INT. WHITE LIVING ROOM ­ AFTERNOON
text: Margaret sits beneath the plaster crucifix.
text: The sampler, however, sits in her lap ­ unfinished, unminded. She's virtually catatonic.
text: "Amazing Grace" ­ a sweet, contemporary rendition ­ is on the Webcor. A pleasure after
dialog: Kathryn Kuhlman.
text: Carrie sits at the sewing machine, finishing work on the pattern for her prom dress. She
text: removes the material from the sewing machine, which we now see is a lush crushed velvet.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Red. I might have known it would be red.
text: The cuckoo clock is TICKING, TICKING.
text: Carrie stares at Margaret, then turns the sewing machine off. She looks back at Margaret,
text: then turns her attention to the machine, her eyes sparkling.
text: Courtesy of Carrie, the treadle on the machine depresses itself.
text: The needle starts to bob up and down, up and down, up and down... WHIRRING, jerking.
text: The side wheel spins. And then stops.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Only clearing the thread, Momma.
text: She smiles. Then rises and goes to start up the stairs to her room.
text: Margaret looks after her. Hate. And fear.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: (abruptly)
dialog: It's Satan.
dialog: 79
text: Carrie pauses.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (wearily; pitying)
dialog: Oh, momma.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: He has given you a power.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Momma, it doesn't have anything to do with Satan. It's me. If
dialog: I concentrate hard enough, I can make things move.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Satan is clever.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Momma, there are other people... people with the power... It's a part of me.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Satan...
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: If it were, I'd know it.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: You poor child. He doesn't let you know he's working through you.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Momma, I'd know.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: You are to renounce this power. You must give it up. You must never use it.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I'm going to do my homework, Momma.
text: Another step up the stairs, stopping as Margaret hurls after her.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: There's going to be a judgement!
text: There's nothing more to say. Carrie walks up to the stairs, and we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 80
scene_heading: 161 INT. GYMNASIUM ­ NIGHT
text: Very dark, shadowy, deserted. The night before the prom. Silence, then a SCRAPING sound
dialog: of a:
speaker_heading: 162 WINDOW
text: Being jimmied open. Behind the thick glass, we see a face ­ just whose isn't clear yet. The
text: slip-lock comes free, the sill is being pushed up, and Billy's head appears. Chris is right
text: behind him.
scene_heading: 163 LONG SHOT ­ THE GYM
text: As a flashlight is shined upwards ­ at the criss-crossing girders sheathed in crepe paper; at
text: banks of lights which will later be used to shine down and highlight two areas in particular ­
text: the huge wall mural and the chalked-in spot where the King and Queen of the Prom will be
dialog: crowned.
scene_heading: 164 TWO SHOT ­ BILLY AND CHRIS
text: DOLLYING right behind them as they proceed toward the stage area ­ past the numerous
text: tables set up for the prom-goers, past the twin bandstands. Billy is carrying the ice chest,
dialog: Chris the flashlight.
speaker_heading: 165 ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As they arrive behind the stage. Billy puts the chest down and takes out a pair of Playtex
text: rubber gloves, snaps them on. Then he takes out two small pulleys and a coil of twine.
scene_heading: 166 CHRIS' POV ­ BILLY
text: Looking somewhat like a bizarre mountaineer, climbing a ladder which takes him up to a
text: narrow platform overlooking the stage area.
speaker_heading: 167 CLOSEUP ­ CHRIS
text: Shining the flashlight to guide Billy, her face flushed with excitement.
speaker_heading: 168 BILLY
text: As he disappears behind a short draw curtain which obscures the girders over the stage.
speaker_heading: 169 CHRIS
dialog: 81
text: unable to see him, suddenly feeling very alone.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: What's it like up there?
dialog: (no response)
dialog: Billee?
dialog: (no answer; genuinely scared)
dialog: Billy!
text: And just at that moment, a piece of crepe paper floats into the FRAME and lands in Chris's
text: hair. She jumps, utterly unnerved. She looks up to see Billy staring down at her from the
text: platform, grinning.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Boo.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: You stupid shit.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (still in good humor)
dialog: Nice talk.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Hurry up. Do you hear me, just hurry up.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (blackface)
dialog: Yes'um. Yes'um. Weeze doing the best we can.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I want to go home.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Just keep your tits on and I'll let you pull it when the time comes.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: I plan to.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
dialog: 82
text: 170 A SERIES OF SCENES ­ LEADING TO THE PROM
text: CUTTING between the final arrangements for the prom itself and Carrie's preparations as the
text: night approaches. The emphasis is on these two paralleling elements, although this montage ­
dialog: scored throughout with happier and happier MUSIC ­ will also feature some of our lesser
dialog: characters.
dialog: Among other things, we will see:
text: A) THE GYM ­ as last-minute arrangements are made ­ more crepe paper hung,
dialog: party favors put on tables, etc.;
text: B) CARRIE ­ in a town store as she shops for makeup;
text: C) NORMA WATSON ­ under a hair dryer, her mouth going a mile a minute as a
text: manicurist does her nails and looks utterly exhausted;
text: D) TOMMY ­ picking out Carrie's corsage at the florist;
text: E) CARRIE ­ at the sewing machine, finishing her dress (which we still don't
text: see), a happy look on her face;
text: F) THE GYM ­ as a bank of lights suddenly illuminate the mural on the stage
dialog: wall;
dialog: G) SUE ­ having dinner with her parents
text: H) THE TWINS ­ in front of their dressing tables; both of them putting on
text: enormous fake eyelashes simultaneously;
dialog: I) ERNEST ­ the class president ­ making sure the microphone on the stage
dialog: works;
dialog: J) THE BAND ­ among them, The Beak, setting up;
text: K) SANDRA STENCHFELD, practicing her fabulous twirling baton act;
text: L) A DOOR ­ which opens to reveal the twins in their high heels, both of them
text: several inches taller than their depressed-looking dates;
text: M) GEORGE AND FRIEDA ­ he in his tuxedo, she in her prom dress; a flash as
text: Freida's parents take a Polaroid of this night to remember;
text: N) THE GYM ­ with the adult chaperones ­ teachers, administrators ­ standing
text: around, looking for something to do.
dialog: 83
text: It is now the night of the Prom ­ just minutes before it officially begins, we end this montage
dialog: and:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 171 INT. CARRIE'S ROOM ­ NIGHT
text: Carrie sits in front of that same mirror, but this time, there's a different attitude. And a
text: different girl, which pleases her. She looks different, very different, from before. She's
text: dressed in her lush red crushed velvet prom dress, but the SHOT is ANGLED in such a way
text: that we don't see it. In any case, it is not prim. She is wearing some makeup. She looks...
dialog: well, there has been a transformation.
text: In the background, the door is opened by Margaret.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Come in, Momma.
text: Margaret advances into the room.
text: Carrie opens a florist box and takes out a lovely corsage of tiny tea roses.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Do you want to pin it on, Momma?
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: I can see your dirtypillows. Everyone will.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Breasts, Momma, breasts. Every woman has them.
text: Carrie's voice is calm; nothing, not even Margaret, will spoil tonight, and ever so slightly, this
text: scene ­ and all that follow for a considerable period of time ­ has an edge of unreality to it.
text: It's all been diffused a bit ­ a fairy tale through Carrie's eyes. What would look bad or tacky
text: looks acceptable; what looked good before now looks spectacular.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Take off that dress.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: No.
dialog: 84
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: We'll burn it together, we'll pray for forgiveness.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: No, Momma.
text: The Black Forest CUCKOO CLOCK sings out downstairs. It's eight o'clock.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: He's not coming.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Stop it, Momma. I'm nervous enough.
text: Margaret reaches up and pinches her cheek hard, leaving a red mark. She looks toward
dialog: Carrie.
text: Carrie is pinning the tea roses on herself.
text: Margaret hooks her right hand into a claw, rips at her cheek, leaving a thin line of blood.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Stop hurting yourself, Momma. That's not going to stop me either.
text: Margaret strikes herself in the mouth with her fist.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Go away, Momma.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: You know I'm right. He'll laugh at you. They'll all laugh at you.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: No. It'll be okay.
text: Bur she's rattled, and nervously starts moving around a series of objects in the room.
text: Cosmetics on the bureau, the florist box, the glow-in-the-dark statue. But it's sheer will at
text: this point. It's after eight, and there's no sign of Tommy.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: It's not too late. You can stay here with me.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: No.
dialog: 85
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: I'll answer the door and say you're sick, I'll say ­
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Momma, sit on the bed.
dialog: Flex.
text: Margaret is pushed back on the bed. Horrified, she rises again.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: I'll say that you changed your mind, I'll say ­
dialog: Flex.
text: Margaret is thrust back on the bed.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: `Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live.'
text: The words stop. But Margaret's eyes are fixed on Carrie, as Carrie leans toward her. Carrie's
text: voice is soft and compassionate.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: You'll say nothing, Momma. You are going to have to learn that
dialog: I'm not like you, not anymore.
text: The BUZZER downstairs sounds. Carrie goes to her window and sees:
scene_heading: 172 CARRIE'S POV ­ TOMMY
text: at the front door, the overhead light shining on his hair, making it glisten. He looks very
dialog: handsome.
speaker_heading: 173 CARRIE
text: She goes back to the bed and picks up her wrap; then, to Margaret:
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I'll be home early, Momma.
text: The BUZZER downstairs sounds again.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: There's going to be a judgement!
dialog: 86
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Momma, you will be quiet until I'm gone.
dialog: (beat; then, at the door)
dialog: I love you, Momma.
text: And she's gone, down the
scene_heading: 174 STAIRS, LIVING ROOM, TO THE FRONT DOOR ­ TRACKING
text: Carrie who opens the door.
scene_heading: 175 ANGLE ON TOMMY
text: Well, we know he's beautiful. And he's looking at Carrie. He didn't know:
scene_heading: 176 CARRIE ­ TOMMY'S POV
text: He didn't know she could be beautiful. And she is.
scene_heading: 177 TOMMY AND CARRIE
text: He reaches out his hand.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hi.
text: Carrie takes his hand.
scene_heading: 178 EXT. WHITE HOUSE ­ NIGHT
text: Hand in hand, Carrie and Tommy walk down the path toward his car.
dialog: They are observed by:
speaker_heading: 179 MARGARET
text: at the window of Carrie's room.
scene_heading: 180 INT. CARRIE'S ROOM ­ NIGHT
text: Margaret leaves the window as we HEAR Tommy's car drive off.
text: She goes out of the room.
dialog: 87
scene_heading: 181 TRACKING MARGARET
text: Down the stairs, through the dining room, into the kitchen. Almost the same path that Carrie
text: trod, but trod so differently. While Carrie's pace had been light, nervously expectant,
text: Margaret's is slow and heavy.
scene_heading: 182 INT. WHITE KITCHEN ­ NIGHT
text: Margaret crosses to one of the drawers.
text: She reaches in and takes out a long carving knife; it gleams in the light.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 183 EXT. SCHOOL PARKING LOT ­ NIGHT
text: The school gymnasium is lit up brightly for the Prom; cars are pulling in, among them,
text: Tommy's Ford.
scene_heading: 184 INT. TOMMY'S CAR
text: as Tommy turns off the ignition. Carrie's staring at the other couples getting out of their cars.
text: Tommy watches her taking it all in.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: It's like a dream.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You can still change your mind, you know.
text: She turns to him and realizes he's teasing her.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Easier said than done.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: C'mon.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: No. Please ­ not yet.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Scared?
dialog: 88
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Can we sit here another minute?
text: Tommy laughs and nods. A moment of silence. Carrie is miserable ­ she's happy to be with
text: Tommy, she's trying to have a good time, but it's hard. It's like getting up to dance the first
dialog: time. Perhaps it would be better to sit this one out.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Tommy...
dialog: (and then out it comes)
dialog: Maybe... maybe this was a mistake.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hey, it won't be so bad.
text: She tries to smile at him. It's not very persuasive.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Really, I mean it. They're okay, you'll see.
dialog: (beat; she's trying to believe him)
dialog: Don't be nervous. Besides...
dialog: (a little self-mocking)
dialog: I'd look awfully silly dancing by myself.
text: And that's just enough ­ he's taken her mind off her own fear just enough to make her laugh.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 185 INT. GYM
text: where the prom is already under way, the band PLAYING an energetic version of "Harlem
text: Nocturne." From Carrie's POV it's all magic ­ explosions of pastel color, everyone looking
text: like they stepped out of an advertisement for happiness.
text: Carrie just stands at the double-doors which are the main entrance to the gym, taking it all in
text: as Tommy hands their tickets to ushers at the door. As Carrie stares at the giant mural on the
text: stage wall ­ full of celestial moon, stars and rockets ­ a VOICE bellows out behind her.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Hey, Ross. Gawd, you look queer.
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: 186 GEORGE DAWSON
text: The source of the salutation and Tommy's best friend. He bounds INTO FRAME, wearing a
text: T-shirt with a painted black tie under his dinner jacket. His girlfriend, Frieda Jason, tags
dialog: behind.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: When did you come out of the treetops, Bomba?
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Ross, if I'd known you were going to look this good, I'd have
dialog: asked you instead of Frieda.
text: The two boys immediately go into a mock fight. Frieda comes up to Carrie.
speaker_heading: FRIEDA
dialog: Don't let it bother you. If they destroy each other, I'll dance with you.
text: Carrie smiles back at her nervously; there's an awkward silence.
speaker_heading: FRIEDA
dialog: Hey, where'd you buy your dress? I love it.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (shyly)
dialog: I made it.
speaker_heading: FRIEDA
dialog: (unaffected surprise)
dialog: Made it? No shit.
text: Carrie hesitates; realizes Frieda is quite sincere.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: No shit.
text: Frieda laughs; so does Carrie, and the tension eases up. Behind them, Tommy keeps one eye
text: on Carrie. He shrugs ­ it's working, goddammit ­ and he stuffs his hands into his dinner
dialog: jacket.
scene_heading: 187 ANOTHER ANGLE ­ THE GYM
text: Carrie and Frieda, Tommy and George right behind them, head for their tables.
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: FRIEDA
dialog: The mural's nice.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (confiding)
dialog: I'm really nervous.
speaker_heading: FRIEDA
dialog: S'okay. We're sitting together.
text: And she takes Carrie's arm.
text: Norma Watson rushes over to them ­ all breathy taffeta and green chiffon.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Carrie!
dialog: (looking her up and down)
dialog: That's a lovely dress, Carrie. Wherever did you get it?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I made it.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Well, of course you did. I can't get over it, you look so different.
dialog: You're positively glowing. What's your secret?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I'm Don MacLean's secret lover.
speaker_heading: NORMA
text: (a half-beat late, getting it, tittering)
dialog: Don MacLean's secret... How funny you are.
dialog: (cutting her)
dialog: Why, hello Tommy. Aren't you excited?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
text: Cold sweat is running down my thighs in rivers.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: (smile slipping a full notch now)
dialog: Well, I have to hurry back. Stan'll think I got lost.
dialog: 91
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: (King Kong; right on top of her)
dialog: Bom-ba!
speaker_heading: NORMA
text: (tittering, moving away smack into Frieda)
dialog: And, Frieda, don't you look nice.
speaker_heading: FRIEDA
dialog: (toothpaste smile)
dialog: Get douched, Norma.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 188 MONTAGE
text: As the prom gets underway:
text: A) JOSIE AND THE MOONGLOWS ­ THE BAND ­ make like Lawrence Welk
text: and launch into an oldie-but-goodie. On drums ­ The Beak himself.
text: B) THE TWINS ­ CORA AND RHONDA ­ dressed identically, dancing with
text: C) ERNEST PETERSON, the black class president, is wonderfully officious as he
text: gets the evening's first entertainment organized. It (or she) is ­
text: D) SANDRA STENCHFIELD and her fabulous twirling baton act, a phenomenon
text: to the lilting STRAINS of "Raindrops Keep Falling On My Head."
text: E) NORMA is off in a corner, bending another girl's ear; STAN is standing idly
text: by, pretending to be invisible.
text: F) MORTON, FROMM and the other chaperones including MISS FISH look for
text: something to do, for someone who's stepping out of line. And find it. In the person of
text: FREDDY DE LOIS, who's guzzling the punch.
text: G) TOMMY and CARRIE sit at their table next to GEORGE and FRIEDA.
text: Tommy lights a candle.
scene_heading: 189 ANGLE ­ TOMMY AND CARRIE'S TABLE
text: As Josie and the Moonglows launch into a new NUMBER. George suddenly comes to life.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Viiibes!
text: He grabs Frieda, and they make their way out onto the dance floor, Frieda shrugging
text: helplessly at Carrie.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: They're nice. George is funny.
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: He's a good guy.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: See, didn't I tell you?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Sure you don't want to dance?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Could we just sit here for a minute?
text: Tommy nods ­ it's okay with him.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Carrie?
text: Carrie turns around and finds herself facing Collins ­ dressed up, looking more like one of the
dialog: students than a teacher.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: You look very pretty, Miss Collins.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Thank you
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You too. Beautiful.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: It's awfully nice of you to say so. I know I'm not... not really...
dialog: but thank you anyway.
text: Tommy ­ feeling like a fifth wheel ­ clears his throat and stands up.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: `scuse me.
dialog: (to Carrie)
dialog: Be right back, okay?
text: He goes off into the crowd.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: (gesturing to his seat)
dialog: May I?
text: Carrie nods, and she sits down, pulling the chair next to her. They're virtually alone at this
text: moment; everyone else is dancing or occupied.
dialog: 93
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Carrie, anything that happened before... well, it's all forgotten.
dialog: I want you to know that.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I can't forget it.
dialog: (beat)
text: But it's over with. It's over.
text: Collins smiles; she looks at the dance floor and Carrie's eyes follow hers. At this particular
text: moment, the band is PLAYING a quiet number ­ slow, romantic.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: I remember my own prom. I was two inches taller than the boy I
dialog: went with when I was in my heels. He gave me a corsage that clashed
dialog: with my gown. But it was magic. I don't know why. But I've never
dialog: had a date like it, ever since. Is it like that for you?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: It's very... nice.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Just nice?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: No. There's more. I don't know...
dialog: (hesitating; then)
dialog: ...it's like being on Mars.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: You'll never forget it.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I think you're right.
text: And then, on sheer impulse, Carrie reaches out and hugs her, hugs her tightly.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Have a lovely time, Carrie.
dialog: 94
speaker_heading: TOMMY (o.s.)
dialog: Hey, what's going on here?
text: There is Tommy, looking "stern."
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (to Collins)
dialog: What are you doing with my date?
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Girl secrets.
text: A smile at Carrie, and she goes off.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Don't let me catch you hugging any guys.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: You won't.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Better not. Hey, listen, do you really have to be back so early?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I promised.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Okay. I understand.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: No, it's okay. Listen, the other kids are going over to Lewiston
dialog: after the Prom ­
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (breaking in)
dialog: That's okay.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: What is?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: You want to go with your friends. I don't want to spoil anything...
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hey, let me finish. What I was going to say, I mean if it'd be alright
dialog: with you, what do you say we go to the Cavalier?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (surprised; she'd love to)
dialog: I've never been there.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hey, great. We'll have the place all to ourselves. Great!
dialog: (he means it)
dialog: Then it's settled.
text: He takes her arm, turns her toward the dance floor.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (holding back)
dialog: Tommy...
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: C'mon...
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I don't... I can't... I...
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You can.
text: He has his arms around her and half-spins, half tugs her out onto the floor. He is a young man
text: of considerable confidence ­ the best part of his popularity ­ and it's a contagious trait.
text: Gradually, Carrie gets caught up in the slow dancing, begins to follow him less and less
text: awkwardly, begins to get less and less self-conscious, and, in short, starts to glide into her
dialog: freedom.
scene_heading: 190 A CORNER OF THE GYM
text: Tommy and Carrie dance into this corner; Carrie is a bit breathless and very happy. For some
text: moments, Tommy keeps his arms around Carrie, looking at her. And then he leans forward,
text: about to kiss her, impulsively. And impulsively and instinctively, she draws back. And is
text: immediately embarrassed.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hey...
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I...
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: It's just...
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: No harm, no foul.
text: They stand there for a couple of seconds.
text: And suddenly and swiftly, Carrie kisses Tommy. It's a quick, awkward, frightened kiss. A
text: bird peck.
text: And again they stand there, until:
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I don't know... anything. I can't dance...
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You danced.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: I don't even know how to...
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: It's easy.
text: And he kisses her. She breaks, looking up at him.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Tommy... why?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Why what?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Why am I here?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: It's the prom.
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: With you.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Because I asked you. And...
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Why? Why did you?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Because I wanted to.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Because...
text: He pauses; he's on the edge. And steps back.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: ...you liked my poem. Only I didn't write it. Someone else did.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Oh.
text: She's puzzled. And she's about to ask something else.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Look, Carrie, we're here, we're together... and I like it, you know...
dialog: I mean, I...
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: But...
text: A commotion from the floor.
text: Tommy turns.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hey, look!
text: Carrie looks off, following his glance, at:
dialog: 98
speaker_heading: 191 STAGE AREA ­ POV
text: As the head Custodian supervises the sliding of two thrones from the wings onto pre-set
text: marks on the stage apron. They're sheathed in white ­ strewn with crepe papers and flowers
text: to match the prom's celestial theme.
scene_heading: 192 CARRIE AND TOMMY
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (uneasily)
dialog: It's a fairy tale.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: (beaming; taking her arm)
dialog: C'mon.
text: He starts to lead her towards their table while:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 193 EXT. SCHOOL ­ STREET ­ NIGHT
text: Sue Snell ­ unable to contain her curiosity about how all this has worked out ­ pulls up in one
text: of her parents' cars, parks, and deliberates coming in. The lights of the gymnasium are
text: glowing. While inside:
scene_heading: 194 INT. GYM ­ STAGE AREA
text: Class president Ernest Peterson makes his way to the microphone. He takes all this quite
dialog: seriously.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: All right, ladies and gentlemen. Take your seats, please ­ it's
dialog: time for the voting.
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: This contest is an insult to women!
text: A couple of CHEERS, scattered APPLAUSE.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: It insults men, too!
text: Louder CLAPPING, foot STOMPING, WHISTLES.
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: (over the noise)
dialog: Please take your seats. It's time to vote for the King and Queen.
text: Several ushers go up and down the aisles, passing out ballots.
scene_heading: 195 ANGLE ­ TOMMY AND CARRIE'S TABLE
text: as Norma Watson haughtily drops a ballot on their table in front of Tommy, another in front
dialog: of George.
text: Carrie examines the paper.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Tommy...
text: (looking up to see him smiling at her)
dialog: ...we're on here!
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: I know.
dialog: (seeing her concern)
dialog: Want to decline?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Do you want to?
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hell, no. If you win, all you do is sit up there for the school song
dialog: and one dance. And they put your picture in the yearbook so everyone
dialog: can see we looked like idiots. Besides, it's the last year.
text: Carrie looks up at the stage ­ at the massive thrones all in white.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: They're beautiful.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: You're beautiful.
text: Carrie meets his eyes and blushes; it's all overwhelming her, and she has to look away ­ at the
text: tiny party favor boat on the table in front of her, at the tiny pencil next to it.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Who do we vote for? They're more your crowd than mine.
dialog: 100
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Whatever you like.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: In fact, I don't really have a crowd.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Let's vote for ourselves. To the devil with false modesty.
text: She laughs aloud ­ the sound of her own laughter is so foreign to her that she claps a hand
text: over her mouth, at her own daring. She takes the pencil and quickly circles their names ­ so
text: quickly that the pencil breaks, bringing a small drop of blood to her finger. She gasps.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hurt yourself?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: No.
dialog: (trying to smile)
dialog: But I broke it and it was a souvenir.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: There's still your boat.
text: (he pushes it gently toward her)
dialog: Toot, toot.
scene_heading: 196 INT. SCHOOL ­ NIGHT
text: as Sue ­ hardly in formal attire ­ stares through the same small window in the gym door that
text: Carrie stared through earlier ­ she stares inside as:
scene_heading: 197 INT. GYM ­ STAGE AREA
text: The ballots are being counted, Morton and Fish helping Ernest separate them into piles. We
text: ought to notice either De Lois or Trennant hanging around the voting tables ­ perhaps Norma
dialog: Watson as well.
scene_heading: 198 ANGLE ­ TOMMY AND CARRIE'S TABLE
text: Carrie is holding Tommy's hand tightly ­ too tightly.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hey, hey.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: 101
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Don't know your own strength. Whew.
text: He sees she's taking him seriously. Sensitive to her reaction, he smiles at her.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Hey, it's okay.
text: In the background Josie and the Moonglows provide a flourish of drums.
speaker_heading: 199 THE STAGE
text: as Ernest walks up to the microphone and almost drops the ballots in the process.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: We've sort of hit a snag. Mr. Morton says this is the first time
dialog: in the history of the Spring Prom that ­
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: How far does he go back? 1800?
scene_heading: LAUGHTER, CATCALLS.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: We've got a tie.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Polka-dot or striped?
speaker_heading: ERNEST
text: Sixty-three votes for Frank Grier and Cora Wilson, and sixty-three
text: votes for Tommy Ross and Carrie White.
text: Silence, then the APPLAUSE begins and starts to swell as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 200 TOMMY's POV ­ CARRIE
text: An island in the APPLAUSE around her, her head lowered...
speaker_heading: 201 TOMMY
dialog: 102
text: Watching her intently, his mouth slightly open...
scene_heading: 202 THE STAGE ­ ERNEST
text: Vainly trying to speak over the APPLAUSE.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: Attention! If I could have your attention, please...
scene_heading: 203 TOMMY AND CARRIE
text: Tommy still staring at her.
speaker_heading: ERNEST (o.s.)
dialog: We're going to have a run-off ballot. When you get yours, please
dialog: write the couple you favor on it.
speaker_heading: 204 CARRIE
text: Slowly looking up, seeing Tommy.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
text: They're not applauding for us. It can't be for us.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Maybe it's for you.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 205 CHRIS AND BILLY
text: Just exactly where they are isn't clear yet, nor should it be. But we do hear the Prom noises.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: I thought you said they'd win.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: They will. They will. Won't even be close.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: If you screwed up...
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Don't worry. I called in a few favors.
dialog: 103
scene_heading: 206 INT. WHITE HOUSE ­ NIGHT
text: The black cuckoo clock ­ STRIKING TEN
scene_heading: 207 INT. WHITE KITCHEN
text: as Margaret, mumbling to herself, with the fixated attention of the damned, continues to scrub
text: a sliver of whetstone along the gleaming edge of the knife's blade.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 208 INT. GYM ­ CARRIE AND TOMMY'S TABLE
text: as new ballots arrive courtesy of Norma, who leans over them and whispers breathily:
speaker_heading: NORMA
dialog: Good luck!
text: As Tommy picks up the pencil, Carrie puts her hand on his.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Don't.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Don't vote for us.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: In for a penny, in for a pound. That's what my grandmother used to say.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (swallowing)
dialog: Don't. Please.
text: Tommy hesitates for a second, seeing her face so full of premonition. Then he overcomes it,
text: and scrawls their names on the slip of paper, folding it.
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: For you.
text: He hands it to Norma Watson, and it's off ­ spirited away, gone.
dialog: 104
speaker_heading: TOMMY
dialog: Tonight you go first-class.
text: Carrie stares at the receding figure of Norma as if she were the messenger of doom.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 209 INT. GYM ­ VOTING TABLES
dialog: Where we get a sense of exactly what Chris meant by favors as De Lois, Trennant, and a once
text: again completely wrecked Kenny Garson plus Norma bring over more ballots. It's not
dialog: exactly what one would call an honest ballot.
speaker_heading: 210 GYM DOOR ­ POV
text: as Sue manages to slip by Fromm, who's still lazily monitoring the door. She starts heading
text: for the backstage area, trying to be as unobtrusive as possible.
speaker_heading: 211 NORMA
text: At the voting table, she spies Sue coming in, and finding it irresistible, blurts out the news,
dialog: whispering to:
speaker_heading: 212 MORTON
text: Who's just finishing the ballot counting. He looks in the direction that Norma's pointing in,
dialog: seeing:
speaker_heading: 213 SUE
text: Going backstage, heading into the wings to watch:
scene_heading: 214 INT. GYM ­ THE STAGE
text: as Ernest returns to the microphone.
text: The BAND plays another FANFARE OF DRUMS. Ernest sees this as his big moment; he
text: almost drops the ballots. He pauses for a moment, surveying the gym floor and the anxious
text: prom-goers. An actors savoring the tension. Then he smiles, white teeth grinning:
speaker_heading: ERNEST
text: Tommy and Carrie win. By one vote.
dialog: Begin SLOW MOTION
dialog: 105
text: Silence. Everything a half-beat exaggerated, slowed.
text: Carrie gasps inwardly; the candle in front of her blows out.
text: Tommy grins, amused. He shrugs his shoulders at Carrie.
text: And the applause begins ­ some of it, most of it, genuine, but some of it mocking too.
text: The band launches into a rock version of "Pomp and Circumstance."
text: Ushers appear at Tommy and Carrie's table. George is pounding Tommy's back. An
text: aluminum foil scepter is thrust into Tommy's hand; a robe with a fur collar is thrust over
text: Carrie's shoulders.
scene_heading: 215 SUE ­ STAGE WINGS
text: Peering out farther to get a good look. Unseen at first by her, there's a cord on the edge of the
speaker_heading: FRAME.
speaker_heading: 216 MORTON
text: Blocked by the clamor of the students, he's unable to make a straight bee-line for Sue in the
text: wings. So he takes the long way around ­ back behind the stage...
scene_heading: 217 TOMMY AND CARRIE
text: Dollying as they're led down the center aisle; past a blur of smiling faces, the APPLAUSE
text: SWELLING. They're being led toward the stage area ­ the thrones waiting for them. The
text: lights get brighter; the MUSIC gets louder.
speaker_heading: 218 THE BANDSTAND
text: As they pass by. The Beak winds conspiratorially at Carrie.
speaker_heading: 219 THE STAGE
text: as Tommy gives Carrie his hand, helping her up the steps, over tangles of black power cables.
scene_heading: 220 BENEATH THE STAGE
text: Where we finally reveal just where Chris and Billy have been hiding all this time. Chris
text: listens to the footsteps (of Carrie and Tommy) coming overhead; grasping the cord that Billy
text: has hooked up, holding it very tightly...
dialog: 106
scene_heading: 221 CARRIE AND TOMMY
text: as they're helped into the massive thrones; behind them is the huge mural of stars and ships.
speaker_heading: 222 ERNEST
text: the showman now, P.T. Barnum in all of his expansiveness.
speaker_heading: 223 SUE
text: In the wings, watching this action. In the corner of the FRAME, the cord we glimpsed earlier
text: ­ the same one which Chris clutched beneath the stage ­ jiggles, and Sue notices it move.
text: She traces its path with her eyes, seeing that it goes up to:
text: 224 A BANK OF LIGHTS
text: Concealing a single silver bucket; meanwhile:
speaker_heading: 225 CARRIE
text: Staring down at the gym floor; the lights are searing ­ so hot and bright that it's impossible to
text: see clearly, and a new set of spotlights being shone on Tommy and her only makes it harder.
scene_heading: 226 ANOTHER ANGLE ­ CARRIE
text: as a piece of crepe paper lands in her hair...
speaker_heading: 227 THE STUDENTS
text: A sea of faces, the spectrum of reactions.
speaker_heading: 228 ERNEST
text: spreading his arms; a politician.
speaker_heading: ERNEST
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, I give you he King and Queen of the Spring
text: Prom ­ TOMMY ROSS AND CARRIE WHITE!
text: The Band starts playing the school SONG, and we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 107
scene_heading: 229 SUE IN THE WINGS
text: The implications of the cord and bucket positioned over the throne just starting to dawn on
text: her as everyone begins singing the school song:
speaker_heading: ALL (o.s.)
dialog: All rise for the John F. Kennedy Hiyyyyh...
text: And a hand comes into FRAME, clutching Sue's wrist. It belongs to:
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: What're you doing here, young lady?
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: (trying to head for cord under stage)
dialog: Something's wrong!
speaker_heading: ALL (o.s.)
dialog: We'll raise your banner to the skyyyyh...
text: But Morton has no interest in what Sue is trying to tell him:
speaker_heading: MORTON
dialog: I'll say there is.
scene_heading: 230 ANOTHER ANGLE ­ CARRIE'S POV
text: From the throne, she sees Sue ­ and Morton and he pulls her toward the back exit.
scene_heading: 231 BENEATH STAGE
text: Chris is almost hyperventilating as the school song continues.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: What's the matter with you? Pull it!
text: Chris is frozen ­ immobilized, terrified.
speaker_heading: 232 CARRIE'S POV ­ SUE
text: As Morton firmly pushes Sue out the rear gym door. The door shuts, and as it closes:
speaker_heading: 233 CARRIE
text: Confused, wondering what's happening in the glare of lights and noise...
dialog: 108
scene_heading: 234 EXT. BACK OF GYM ­ SUE
text: locked out by Morton, trying to get back in. The door won't open. She debates going to try
text: another door.
scene_heading: 235 UNDER STAGE ­ CHRIS AND BILLY
text: as the song reaches its crescendo:
speaker_heading: ALL (o.s.)
dialog: With pride we wear the red and whyyyte...
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (leering)
dialog: It can stay there until hell freezes over, Chuckie.
text: Chris shudders involuntarily at the mention of this nickname. She violently jerks the cord
text: with both hands, yanking it. A sound ­ half-scream, half-moan ­ comes from her mouth,
dialog: overlapping into:
text: 237 THE STEEL BUCKET
text: high above the stage, slowly tipping over, the blood pouring from it.
scene_heading: 238 LONG SHOT ­ THE STAGE
text: almost proscenium-like in this FRAMING, from all the way in the back of the gym.
text: Carrie and Tommy sit on their huge thrones as the buckets above them deposit their contents
text: on top of them.
speaker_heading: 239 CLOSER
text: The blood splashing down...
speaker_heading: 240 THE MURAL
text: Some of it splattering on the celestial cyclorama, running downward, streaking...
speaker_heading: 241 THE BAND
text: As more blood splatters them in their white dinner jackets, the MUSIC halting.
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: 242 THE STAGE
text: End SLOW MOTION.
text: Tommy and Carrie, drenched with blood.
scene_heading: 243 CHRIS AND BILLY ­ UNDER THE STAGE
text: Preparing to leave now that their mission has been accomplished, just about to crawl out as
dialog: they spot:
scene_heading: 244 MORTON ­ CHRIS AND BILLY'S POV
text: realizing they'll have to stay put ­ trapped now.
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: (panicky)
dialog: Billee!!!
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: (nervous too, hissing)
dialog: Shut up!
text: They crawl back under the stage, out of sight.
scene_heading: 245 INT. GYM ­ THE STUDENTS
text: As the singing stops, the students staring at the stage.
speaker_heading: 246 CARRIE
text: Her eyes tightly clenched shut, looking as if she's been dipped in a bucket of red paint. She's
dialog: gotten the worst of it.
speaker_heading: 247 THE BUCKET
text: dangling on the pulleys over the throne, clanging back and forth. A high-pitched GIRL'S
scene_heading: VOICE SCREAMS.
speaker_heading: 248 TOMMY
text: Splattered with blood. Below them, the sounds of hysteria begin ("My God, that's blood!")
text: Tommy starts toward Carrie just as:
dialog: 110
scene_heading: 249 ANOTHER ANGLE ­ STAGE ­ FEATURING TOMMY
text: As the bucket falls and hits Tommy on the head; it knocks him unconscious, and he slumps to
dialog: the floor.
text: 250 THE STUDENTS ­ FEATURING HELEN SHYRES
text: Watching this in pure horror. She starts to giggle uncontrollably, the kind of hysterical laugh
text: that comes out of pure terror. It overlaps onto:
scene_heading: 251 STUDENTS ­ ANOTHER ANGLE (S) ­ SWISH PANS
text: As the hysteria begins to spread.
speaker_heading: 252 CARRIE
text: as she starts toward the unconscious Tommy.
speaker_heading: 253 THE STUDENTS
text: as more of them start laughing... the sound of it becoming contagious.
speaker_heading: 254 CARRIE
text: hearing the dreaded laughter.
scene_heading: 255 CARRIE'S POV ­ THE STUDENTS
text: Through the harsh glare of the lights ­ laughing, pointing (see Norma Watson), doubling up in
text: hysteria, utterly out of control.
speaker_heading: 256 FACES, FACES, FACES
dialog: Laughing...
scene_heading: 256A BILLY AND CHRIS
dialog: reacting to their "success."
speaker_heading: 257 CARRIE
text: Putting her hands to her blood-covered face, slowly getting to her feet.
speaker_heading: 258 THE STAGE
dialog: 111
text: As Carrie makes her way to the stairs, tripping over the black power cords. A horrified
text: Collins is on her way up the stairs.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: Oh, Carrie ­ let me help you.
text: Carrie hesitates at the sight of the teacher. But it's too late for help, and in the fastest flex
text: we've seen to date, she jerks her head and Collins bounces backward ­ down the stairs,
text: slamming into a wall.
scene_heading: 259 THE STUDENTS
text: Laughing harder now, unable to stop.
scene_heading: 260 THE GYM ­ ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Where all is pandemonium.
text: Morton makes his way to Collins, giving her his handkerchief; she has a bloody nose.
speaker_heading: COLLINS
dialog: (to Morton)
dialog: Call the police!
speaker_heading: 261 CARRIE
text: Tears streaming down her face, the blood streaking, as she takes in the sight of her
dialog: tormentors.
scene_heading: 262 THE GYM ­ YET ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Helen Shyres is still laughing so hard that she's about to throw up or go into shock.
text: George Dawson has climbed on the stage and is hunched over the slumped figure of Tommy
text: Ross, examining him.
speaker_heading: GEORGE
dialog: Call a doctor! Hey, call a doctor, quick!
text: He tries to pick Tommy up, and in the process the throne topples over on the stage.
scene_heading: 263 INT. HALL CORRIDORS ­ SUE
text: Frantic, rushing back into the school and down the hall toward the prom doors.
dialog: 112
speaker_heading: 264 CARRIE
text: Takes a deep breath, mustering her energy. She closes her eyes and sees:
scene_heading: 265 THE GYM DOORS ­ THREE SETS OF DOUBLE DOORS
text: All of them open, a few students milling around them as...
speaker_heading: 266 CARRIE
text: Closes her eyes even tighter and flexes. And ­ in SWISH PANS:
speaker_heading: 267 THE DOORS
text: slam shut. In the process, several things are accomplished at once. The prom-goers are
text: trapped inside, and one or two of them get their hands or legs caught in the doors as they
text: close, screaming with surprise and pain.
scene_heading: 268 INT. HALL ­ SUE
text: who once again was just a little late, arriving just as the DOORS SLAMMED SHUT; she sees
text: the screaming prom-goers unlucky enough to have been caught in the doors.
scene_heading: 269 INT. GYM
text: Utter pandemonium as students rush toward the doors.
speaker_heading: 270 THE BEAK
text: Near the bandstand area, looking up at the stage and realizing that it's Carrie who's
text: responsible for closing the doors.
speaker_heading: THE BEAK
dialog: It's Carrie! It's Carrie!
text: Fromm starts heading toward the stage to get control of the microphone, to stop the panic.
text: The kids continue rushing toward the closed doors.
speaker_heading: 271 CARRIE
text: A small smile at being recognized by the Beak as the one responsible, the one with the power
text: now. It's not what she wanted, but it no longer matters. They're going to know her now and
dialog: never forget her.
dialog: 113
scene_heading: 272 CARRIE'S POV ­ GYM WALL
text: Between two sets of double-doors, FEATURING a huge firehouse installed in case of an
dialog: emergency.
speaker_heading: 273 CARRIE
text: Seeing the hose, getting the idea... NOTE: SPLIT SCREENS begin here.
speaker_heading: 274 CLOSER
text: as her eyes narrow and focus on the hose, zeroing on it.
speaker_heading: 275 THE HOSE
text: As it starts to unwind, to unspiral into the air, starting to spray a burst of water.
scene_heading: 276 THE HOSE ­ ANOTHER ANGLE
text: As it becomes snake-like, water springing from the nozzle.
scene_heading: 277 THE STUDENTS
text: Cries of surprise as it begins to spray water on them, ruining their clothes.
speaker_heading: 278 THE HOSE
text: As the velocity of the water increases, stronger and stronger.
speaker_heading: 279 CARRIE
text: Eyes gleaming, a glimmer of triumph as she concentrates and surveys ­
speaker_heading: 280 THE STUDENTS
text: Like rats in a maze ­ a slapstick chaos as they try to get away from the animated hose. The
text: water forces the students back from the doors, backwards toward the stage.
text: 280A CHRIS AND BILLY ­ UNDER THE STAGE
text: As they see students propelled toward them by the hose.
dialog: 114
speaker_heading: 281 CARRIE
text: A smile of satisfaction. For the first time, she's showing them ­ they're the ones being made
text: to look foolish. She's standing on one side of the stage.
speaker_heading: 283 ERNEST
text: Level-headed to the end, making his way through the pandemonium toward the stage area and
text: the bandstand as fast as he can...
speaker_heading: 284 CARRIE
text: Still controlling the hose, she spots Ernest, seeing him move toward the stage area.
scene_heading: 285 TRACKING ­ ERNEST
text: knowing somehow ­ with some sixth sense ­ that Carrie's watching him. He feverishly
text: hurries toward the area where the band equipment is plugged in... where the high voltage
text: cables are hooked up to the electrical current.
text: Behind him, Fromm has reached the microphone and is trying to be heard, telling everyone to
dialog: remain calm.
speaker_heading: 286 CARRIE
dialog: Realizing just what Ernest plans to do:
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (gently; determined)
dialog: No.
text: And she mentally fixes on him, jerking her head just so... so ­
speaker_heading: 287 ERNEST
text: Is flung invisibly and forcibly away from the area by Carrie's will.
speaker_heading: 288 FROMM
text: Big belly and all, trying to steady the mike. He puts his hand on it. The water, however, has
text: reached him, and just as he touches the mic, he's electrocuted ­ his arm bursting into flame,
text: unable to let go as his body goes into an electric dance, his mouth gaping open like a fish on
dialog: land.
dialog: 115
speaker_heading: 289 CARRIE
text: Watching this; another flex, and:
speaker_heading: 290 FROMM
text: Is propelled backwards from the microphone; he falls backward into the cyc, his flaming arm
text: igniting it. A celestial fantasy immediately bursts into flames. It prevents any of the students
text: from using the back exit.
scene_heading: 291 THE STUDENTS
text: Watching, riveted with horror, some of them screaming, others frozen to the spot as the cyc
text: CRACKLES. Utter pandemonium.
speaker_heading: 292 CARRIE
text: Her face flushed, a vein in her forehead throbs, her heart pounding. She spots:
scene_heading: 293 THE LIGHTING T-BAR
text: hanging over the bandstand.
speaker_heading: 294 THE DOORS
text: as the prom-goers press against the opaque glass, straining to get out. Fish in an aquarium.
speaker_heading: 295 COLLINS
text: moving toward the dazed Ernest, who's recuperating from his bout with Carrie.
speaker_heading: 296 CARRIE
text: her heart pounding like an anvil. She's staring at:
scene_heading: 297 THE LIGHTING BAR
speaker_heading: 298 CARRIE
text: She flexes.
dialog: 116
speaker_heading: 299 CEILING POV
text: Collins and Ernest directly below the path of the lighting bar. We see the flaming cyc on the
text: stage collapse forward. The light bar begins to shake. Plaster drops, and the light bar DROPS
text: ­ just short of Collins' head ­ as far as its wires carry it.
speaker_heading: 300 CARRIE
text: Watching all this ­ a giggle (or is it a sob?) emerging from deep within her.
text: Another flex.
scene_heading: 301 THE LIGHT BAR
text: starts to swing recklessly around the gym. Back and forth, back and forth ­ it hits the ceiling,
text: igniting it and the decorations. Flaming stars and planets begin dropping from the ceiling.
scene_heading: 302 BENEATH THE STAGE ­ CHRIS AND BILLY
text: seeing their chance to escape while Carrie is busy with the light bar.
text: The back door (which Sue couldn't enter from the outside, and which the cyc flames
text: prevented any of the students on the gym floor to get to) is now free, and Billy and Chris see
text: their chance to escape. They burst out from under the stage as:
speaker_heading: 303 CARRIE
text: Spots them. In the instant it takes her to wonder what they're doing there, it's too late.
text: They're out the door, and there's absolutely nothing she can do.
text: 304 THE GYM ­ FEATURING THE LIGHT BAR
text: As it swings, catching Norma Watson in its path, casually whipping this screaming girl in her
text: green chiffon dress back into a wall.
text: Helen Shyres is backed into a corner, giggling with horror, in shock, utterly hysterical.
text: Students have climbed onto the back of the bleachers, trying in vain to pry off the screens on
text: the windows so they can escape.
text: Morton has grabbed a chair and is trying to smash it through another of the windows. All this
text: to no avail. End SPLIT SCREEN.
dialog: 117
speaker_heading: 305 CARRIE
text: As she makes her way down the stage stairs and out onto the floor. She spots the cord going
text: under the stage first, and realizes just how the trick was engineered... that Billy and Chris did
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: 306 THE STUDENTS
text: Moving aside as Carrie walks through them ­ an endless series of blurred, hysterical faces.
scene_heading: 307 WIDE SHOT ­ THE GYM
text: As Carrie makes it to one set of double doors, flexes them open, and exits.
scene_heading: 308 EXT. GYM ­ HALLWAY
text: As Carrie exits, the doors swinging shut. Behind her, through the windows, we see a wall of
text: fire collapse behind her.
text: She passes Sue in the hall who's sobbing hysterically. And as Carrie exits, Sue runs into this
text: inferno of fire to find Tommy. And then the town WHISTLE BLOWS... and BLOWS. It
dialog: overlaps onto:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 309 EXT. TOWN STREETS ­ NIGHT
text: Carrie's on her way home. At this point, she looks less like a girl that the survivor of a grisly
text: car accident; wet, caked with blood, eyes glistening madly, almost shapeless. She goes down
text: a hill, and then, from:
scene_heading: 310 ANOTHER ANGLE ­ THE HILL ­ NIGHT
text: as a fire truck rushes toward the school, past Carrie. And then shortly afterward, out of
text: nowhere, Billy's Chevy ­ it's headlights gleaming, lurches forward; it's headed right for her.
speaker_heading: 311 CARRIE
text: Turns around and sees it coming toward her.
scene_heading: 312 INT. THE CHEVY
text: Chris screaming "Get her! Get her!" at the top of her lungs, Billy grinning madly behind the
dialog: wheel.
dialog: 118
speaker_heading: 313 CARRIE
text: As the Chevy heads right for her, standing in the headlights in its path, bloated, swaying back
text: and forth, her arms thrown out.
speaker_heading: 314 THE CHEVY
text: Almost right on top of her...
speaker_heading: 315 CARRIE
text: Flexing, averting the car just as it almost smacks into her. It just misses her.
scene_heading: 316 INT. THE CHEVY
text: Billy is livid, turning around to see Carrie in the back window.
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Goddamnit!
speaker_heading: CHRIS
dialog: Billy!!!
speaker_heading: BILLY
dialog: Shut up! Just shut up!
text: But the car is headed for an embankment. Billy realizes this and starts pumping the brakes.
text: But the car's accelerating, not responding to Billy's efforts to slow it down.
speaker_heading: 317 CARRIE
text: Her head pounding, flexing.
scene_heading: 318 INT. CHEVY
text: As Billy attempts to turn the wheel; it, too, has turned traitor ­ it won't turn.
text: They're heading right for the embankment. Billy's eyes are bugging out, Chris is screaming
dialog: as:
speaker_heading: 319 THE CHEVY
text: Plows smack into the embankment and rolls over several times. It then bursts into a sheet of
text: flames.
dialog: 119
speaker_heading: 320 CARRIE
text: Watching this explosion turn into a conflagration. We see the fire reflected in her puffy,
text: exhausted face ­ brighter and brighter as we HEAR the sound of the WHISTLE merging with
text: SOUND OF SIRENS, and:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 321 EXT WHITE HOUSE ­ NIGHT
text: The house is totally dark. Not even a porch light. In the distance, perhaps, the glow from the
text: burning gymnasium.
text: A figure is moving toward the house.
dialog: It is Carrie.
speaker_heading: 322 AT DOOR
text: Carrie tries the front door. It is unlocked. She opens it partially.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (small voice)
dialog: Momma? Momma?
text: She opens the door wider.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Momma?
text: Silence. Carrie steps inside.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Momma, I'm home.
dialog: Silence.
text: Carrie closes the front door.
scene_heading: 323 INT. WHITE HOUSE ­ NIGHT
text: With the closing of the door, Carrie turns on a light. She looks around. The house is
text: ominously empty, ominously still.
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: CARRIE
speaker_heading: MOMMA!
text: Silence floods back in.
text: Carrie moves to the foot of the stairs, turning on lights as she goes. She mounts the stairs,
text: goes along the narrow hallway to her room.
scene_heading: 324 INT. CARRIE'S ROOM ­ NIGHT
text: Carrie turns on the lights, closes the door.
text: She stares at the Madonna-child figurine on the bureau.
text: Then, slowly, she removes her blood-stained clothing, letting it lie in a heap.
text: Clutching a robe, she goes into the bathroom.
scene_heading: 325 INT. BATHROOM ­ NIGHT
text: Carrie turns on the shower, waits for it to get hot. It is almost steaming as she steps in.
text: Very carefully, Carrie scrubs herself clean.
text: Then she steps out of the shower, dries herself off briefly, puts on her robe, and turns off the
text: bathroom light. What's important here is this gives us time to breathe, to focus on Carrie.
scene_heading: 326 INT. CARRIE'S ROOM ­ NIGHT
text: Carrie returns to her room. She is clean now; her wet hair hangs. A feeling of despair about
text: her or perhaps she is emptied out.
dialog: Carrie almost mouths:
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Momma...
text: It is a little child's voice and there is no answer.
text: She goes out into the hallway.
scene_heading: 327 INT. HALLWAY ­ NIGHT
text: Carrie goes to the head of the stairs. Once again, she mouths the words:
dialog: 121
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Momma...
text: Something ­ a movement? An instinct? -- makes her turn. She sees:
speaker_heading: 328 MARGARET
text: Coming toward her.
speaker_heading: 329 CARRIE
text: She flings out her arms and cries out:
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Oh, Momma!
text: And throws herself against her mother, holds her. A movement from Margaret, a quick
text: movement, hard to define. And Carrie recoils, her hands clutching her stomach.
text: Briefly we see the knife in Margaret's hand.
text: Then Carrie tumbles down the stairs.
scene_heading: 330 ANGLE DOWN STAIRS
text: On Carrie, lying like a broken doll, huddled at the foot of the stairs.
speaker_heading: 331 MARGARET
text: Carrying the knife, she stares down the stairs.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
text: It says in the Lord's Book: `Thou shalt not suffer a witch to live.'
speaker_heading: 332 CARRIE
text: Dazed, she sees her mother coming, dimly, everything distorted. She begins to crawl
text: backwards, her eyes always on her mother, who is slowly but inexorably coming down the
dialog: stairs.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: And now the devil has come home.
dialog: 122
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: (whimpering)
dialog: Momma, it's not right.
text: Carrie starts crawling to the kitchen.
scene_heading: 333 INT. KITCHEN ­ NIGHT
text: Carrie crawls farther and farther from the door, until she reaches the far end of the kitchen,
text: just as Margaret, the knife gleaming in her hand, pointed toward Carrie, reaches the bottom of
text: the stairs and turns toward the kitchen, mumbling all the while.
text: Carrie flexes: the kitchen door swings shut.
text: Margaret is coming toward the kitchen.
text: Carrie flexes again ­ to hold the door shut.
text: But it's no use ­ Margaret is relentless now, and the door opens. She raises the knife and
text: starts toward Carrie, the door swinging behind her.
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: I should have killed you when you were born.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Momma, I love you. Please help me!
speaker_heading: MARGARET
dialog: Sin never dies.
text: There's nothing else to be done. Carrie flexes, and a serving fork ­ dangling from a hook on
text: the way ­ suddenly hurtles through the air, piercing Margaret. It is followed by another and
text: another as a rain of instruments strikes Margaret.
text: Margaret collapses.
text: Carrie, horrified by what she's done, starts toward her mother.
text: And then she and we see Sue standing in the doorway, clasping her hand to her mouth, stifling
text: her screams.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: You. You tricked me.
dialog: 123
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Get out.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: We were just trying to...
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Get out.
text: And then something hits the roof, rattling. A small sound. A stone.
dialog: Then another.
dialog: Then a third.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Get out! Get out!
text: The stones are beginning to rain on the roof, like hail.
text: Sue is rooted to the spot, terrified.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: Get out, get out, get out!
text: The stones are coming down harder. All sound as one or two of them break through the roof,
text: rattle on the floor below.
speaker_heading: CARRIE
dialog: GET OUT!
text: A stone of fairly small size crashes through into the kitchen.
text: Carrie flexes.
text: And Sue stumbles backwards toward the door.
dialog: Flex.
text: Sue is whipped around, as though by a great wind.
dialog: 124
scene_heading: 333A EXT. WHITE HOUSE ­ NIGHT
text: Stones are crashing on the house.
text: Sue is hurtled out of the house.
scene_heading: 334 INT. KITCHEN
text: As a couple of larger stones crash into the room, Carrie heads for the closet.
scene_heading: 335 EXT. WHITE HOUSE ­ NIGHT
text: Sue, rising from the ground, see stones crashing into the house.
text: She begins to run away.
scene_heading: 336 INT. WHITE HOUSE ­ NIGHT
text: Carrie walks toward the closet; the figure of Jesus is illuminated ­ welcoming her? She goes
text: into the closet.
text: She closes the door.
text: Stones crash down, obliterating the scene.
scene_heading: 337 EXT. WHITE HOUSE ­ NIGHT
text: Sue stops running. She turns to look at the White house.
scene_heading: 338 WHITE HOUSE ­ SUE'S POV
text: The stones are flattening the house. The house is being pounded into the ground.
speaker_heading: 339 SUE
text: Terror and disbelief. Nightmare.
scene_heading: 340 THE WHITE HOUSE
text: The rain of stones stops.
dialog: Silence.
text: Then the house begins to sink ­ slowly, slowly, slowly ­ into the ground.
dialog: 125
text: And the ground is swallowing up the house.
text: And covering it until ­ nothing remains. Not a trace.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 341 EXT. SNELL HOUSE ­ DAY
text: Some time later ­ a week, perhaps two weeks after the nightmares of Prom Night.
scene_heading: 342 INT. SNELL HOUSE
text: A home in the course of losing its family. White sheets cover furniture. Boxes in the midst of
text: being packed.
text: Eleanor Snell, looking incredibly tired, is attending to the last-minute details of moving. She
text: sorts through magazines and books, discarding some, putting others into cartons. And she
text: comes across the religious tracts left behind by Margaret White, forgotten until now. They
text: have a momentary hypnotic effect on her.
text: The phone RINGS, startling her. She rushes to answer it in the kitchen, catching it on the first
dialog: or second ring.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: (hushed voice)
dialog: Hello? Oh, thank God it's you, Betty. I don't think I could have
dialog: handled one more reporter.
text: (she appears to hear a noise upstairs)
dialog: Just a sec, dear.
text: (she comes into the living room and looks toward the upstairs)
dialog: Sue?
dialog: (a little louder)
dialog: Sue?
text: (no answer, she returns to the phone)
dialog: Sorry, Betty, I just wanted to make sure the phone didn't wake her.
dialog: We're all a bit edgy.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Better. Sleeping too much, I guess, but Schneider says that's to be
text: expected after what she's gone through. He says she's young enough
dialog: to forget it in time. Knock wood.
text: As Eleanor's side of the conversation continues, the camera conveys her tension. Half of her
text: is listening and talking to Betty; the rest of her mind is on Sue upstairs. With good reason.
dialog: Because:
dialog: 126
scene_heading: 343 EXT. EMPTY LOT ­ DAY
text: Where the Horan house used to stand, now vacant. Strewn with beer cans, overgrown with
text: grass and weeds and wildflowers. And a FOR SALE sign.
text: We PAN over next door where the White house used to stand. It, too, is vacant but utterly
text: bald ­ there's been no time for anything to grow here. There is another FOR SALE sign put
dialog: up by Born Realty.
speaker_heading: 344 SUE SNELL
text: looking utterly haggard and perhaps a bit on the loony side from a lack of sleep stands staring
text: at the lot. She's standing there in her white nightgown, barefoot.
scene_heading: 345 THE WHITE LOT ­ SUE'S POV
text: as she slowly walks toward it. Underwater, almost floating. We come closer on the sign
text: which now starts appearing a bit odder ­ less like a simple FOR SALE sign and more like a
dialog: grave marker.
text: And when we get close enough, we see that some graffiti has been hastily scrawled in chalk
dialog: on the sign:
text: CARRIE WHITE IS BURNING IN HELL FOR HER SINS
text: And below it, in a second vandal's handwriting, some idiot's notion of one final joke:
scene_heading: JESUS NEVER FAILS
speaker_heading: 346 SUE
text: as she kneels down, putting the wreath she's carrying next to the marker. She proceeds to try
text: to wipe off the red chalk with the palm of her hand; it smudges badly.
text: She stares at her hand, fixating on it, remembering Carrie in the shower. Suddenly, a second
text: hand thrusts into frame, onto her nightgown.
text: A bloody hand.
text: A hand from the Earth itself.
text: Carrie's hand
text: It clutches a horrified Sue by the wrist. Tightly. A vice.
dialog: 127
text: Sue begins screaming uncontrollably. The hand is trying to pull her into the ground. Her
text: screams turn into howling.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 347 SUE
text: Still screaming. But now in her room, waking from what is, indeed, a bad nightmare.
text: Upright in bed, screaming her head off, her face covered with perspiration.
text: Eleanor Snell rushes into the room to the bed, embraces her hysterical daughter.
speaker_heading: ELEANOR
dialog: It's all right, it's all right, darling.
speaker_heading: SUE
dialog: Mother?
text: And we come in close on Sue's stricken face as her mother holds her, calming her, cradling
text: her. Closer still on Sue's eyes. She closes them, and we go to:
speaker_heading: BLACK
dialog: 
