dialog: 
speaker_heading: CASINO ROYALE
dialog: screenplay
dialog: by &
dialog: Neal Purvis & Robert Wade oD
dialog: er?
dialog: second set of
dialog: revisions
dialog: 
dialog: by ,
dialog: Paul Haggis e
speaker_heading: 3S
dialog: December 1 6.”
dialog: <
dialog: issued to Proautie 20, 2005
speaker_heading: CY
dialog: <e
dialog: ae ‘novel by lan Fleming
dialog: This draft sot Sere copy made available ta the reader only and it must not be
dialog: photocapied or lesan divulged to any third party. Please accord it the utmost care and
dialog: . X4 d confidentiality.
dialog: b3red copy of this draft screenplay be lost or misplaced, please report this to
dialog: Shou! Af
dialog: mee ) EON Productions Limited or Danjaq LLC immediately.
speaker_heading: i jE
dialog: hikes
dialog: aoc must be returned to EON Productions Limited at the end of your
dialog: 
text: invoivement with the film.
dialog: This draft screenplay and ail rights therein are owned exclusively by Danjaq LLC
dialog: © 2005 Danjaq LLC
dialog: Newer”
dialog: 
dialog: oe
dialog: 
dialog: issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 1.
scene_heading: - CASINO ROYALE -
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. MODERN OFFICE BLOCK - PRAGUE -- NIGHT 1
text: Snow on the ground. It's the middle of the night. A car
text: pulls up outside the ultra-modern building. DRYDEN gets
text: out and moves inside.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - OFFICE BLOCK -- NIGHT 2
text: Deserted except for the guard at the recepti desk. Dryden
text: mutters a greeting and heads for the eleva
dialog: > )
scene_heading: EXT. CRICKET GROUND -- DAY BS OQ 3
speaker_heading: C
dialog: We're in LAHORE, PAKISTAN, a game@Nin 3 Sohless, the Pakistani
dialog: team fielding, British team pertinee he grandstand is
text: orowded, The bowler hurls the bell “whe batsman hits it
text: up in the air, arcing it SSN? stands. The crowd
dialog: e
dialog: ~
text: reach for it, one person cat NE, throws it back.
text: Standing next to the thro ke 9p dark, well built man,
dialog: applauding the shot alo; with everyone else. Call him
text: PISHER. He glances b. a rowdy group of fans and SPOTS
text: a man watching hit his ‘fe in silhouette: BOND. Fisher
text: reacts, pughes thro ie crowd, away from SILHOUETTE.
dialog: Le
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. MODERN OFFIC NIGHT 4
text: Sleek surf. ~ pit only by the skyline beyond. DRYDEN
text: enters, moy ickly to a hidden safe without bothering
text: to turn yt. Jlights. He stops dead when he sees it ajar.
text: Dryden sand sees Bond sitting in the shadows.
dialog: i se
speaker_heading: x yy Sy BOND
dialog: ©) M really doesn't mind us making a
text: Ny Little money on the side, Dryden.
dialog: She would just prefer it wasn't by
dialog: gelling secrets.
scene_heading: RAT. CRICK#T GROUND -- DAY 5
text: A roar fram the crowd: The batsman has been bowled out.
text: Fisher jumps over the edge of the stand, moves down the
speaker_heading: TONNEL
text: passing the new batsman on his way out, He ducks around a
text: gorner intg a dark corridor, leans against the wall, The
text: door at the far end of the corridor opens. Fisher spins
text: to see BOND) walking toward him. Fisher bolts.
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 2.
scene_heading: INT. MODERN OFFICE -- NIGHT 6
text: Dryden switches on his desk lamp and sits, as cool as an
text: autumn evening. In that same motion he flicks open a hidden
text: panel in his desk, revealing the butt of a semiautomatic.
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: If the theatrics are supposed to
dialog: scare me you have the wrong man,
dialog: Bond. If M was so sure I was bent,
dialog: she'd have sent a Double-o.
dialog: (gaining confidence)
dialog: Benefits of being Section Chief;
dialog: I'd know if anyone had been Pree
dialog: to Double-O status, wouldn't TA 2%
dialog: Your file shows no kills. in he
dialog: takes - ( 2 7
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Two.
dialog: 
text: Dryden tries not to show he es nly unnerved.
dialog: meG2,
dialog: (amiles" 6 ex)
dialog: You aren't ic eieket fan by any
dialog: chance, Are
scene_heading: INT. CRICKET cree \CLUB HOUSE -- DAY 7
text: Fisher ae ‘Sxtcrow staircase, leading to a balcony
speaker_heading: N
text: restaurant 4 a dead end. He pushes through a side
text: door, runs 4 long corridor, bursts into a
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: REGTRO
text: He whirls, drawing a gun, pointing it back at
dialog: cee waiting for Bond to appear,
scene_heading: INT. ae OFFICE -~- NIGHT 9
text: Dryden grabs the pistol, levels it -- Bond still hasn't
dialog: moved.
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: Shame, we barely got to know each
dialog: other.
text: He pulls the trigger. Click. Bond holds up the magazine.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (with humor)
dialog: I knew where you hid your gun, I
dialog: suppose that's something.
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 3.
speaker_heading: 9 CONTINUED : 9
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: (has to smile)
dialog: True.
dialog: (lays gun down)
dialog: How did he die?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Your contact?
scene_heading: 10 INT. CRICKET GROUND - CLUB HOUSE -- DAY 10
text: Fisher backs up to a washbasin, turns on the tap, throws
text: water on his sweating face - his eyes never ave the door.
text: Suddenly, a burst of cheering from outsid igher
text: instinctively brings the gun up. A seco /) behind
dialog: )
text: him, crashes open. Bond. He spins e (grabs him,
text: knocks the gun out of his hand.
text: Fisher attacks. The two tumble ino stalls. The fight
text: is chaotic, both men trying to h, ether in a confined
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: space until the stall partitio £oye like dominoes. They
text: fall into the shower room. oye 1k like a madman
text: until finally Bond 2) into the basin, now
text: overflowing with water. olds him under until the
text: body stops writhing and tees) Not a clean kill by any
text: means. He lets the ater Lide to the floor, steps back,
dialog: considering the d Maat ing him for making this feel
dialog: so much like... ny
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: E
scene_heading: 11 INT. MODERN orFTGg NIGHT 11
scene_heading: MY ay . BOND
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DRYDEN
dialog: ae you feel it, did he?
dialog: (sees the truth in
dialog: RY Bond's eyes)
dialog: Well, no worries, the second is--
text: Bond raises his silenced Walther and fires, cutting off
text: the words before they reach Dryden's lips.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Yes. Considerably.
text: Bond holsters his weapon and heads for the door.
scene_heading: 12 INT. CRICKET GROUND - RESTROOM -- DAY 12
text: Bond heads to retrieve his gun. Senses movement. Glimpses
text: Fisher's reflection, aiming a pistol at Bond’s back.
text: Framed against white tiles, Bond whirlszand fires one shot
text: from the Walther, We are looking along:the inside of the
text: barrel of Fisher’s gun. Oo
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: is
dialog: 
dialog: issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 4.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 12
text: Red blood starts to flow down the screen. This is the
text: iconic James Bond logo.
speaker_heading: MAIN TITLES 13
text: Photos from Bond's CV, including his stint in the SAS,
text: intercut with a high tech printing press. The sequence
text: ends with crime scene photos of the two killings, Dryden
text: and Fisher. After each killing, Bond's ID badge is stamped
text: with a 0 - until it is laminated as 007. A hand places
text: the ID badge in the folder with the photos and the unseen
text: clerk carries it off into the bowels of MI6.
scene_heading: EXT, JUNGLE CAMP ~ UGANDA -- DAY &&Y 14
text: Superimpose: GULU, UGANDA. Pouring r ace is
text: overrun with ragged, battle-scarred oO £ a rebel army.
text: A great majority of them are chi turbingly thin,
text: gome as young as ten, everyone of mi jarmed. A few boast
text: carbines, but most carry machete low one of the
text: youngest carrying two bottles la Cola running through
text: the mud until he disappears SY
scene_heading: DARK SHACK @yY s 15
text: The boy hands the Sete in a man silhouetted against the
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: window. Call him ATE He thanks the boy in his
text: native tongue; the eams and sits at his feet.
speaker_heading: NS
text: QObanno hands a co to a man hidden in the shadows, his
text: dark, gold-riymed asses glinting. Call him MR. WHITE.
text: Obanno loo t,the open window and we see his face and
dialog: understand, Né is the feared leader of the Lord's
text: ay). He gazes at the Twin Star helicopter in
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OBANNO
dialog: I think the Lord wants me to have
dialog: a Twin Star.
speaker_heading: MR. WHITE
dialog: Take it. It's unguarded.
speaker_heading: OBANNO
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: With only an army to protect me?
dialog: I value my life, thank you.
dialog: (gtrokes the boy's
dialog: hair)
dialog: Last week I told this boy the Lord
text: was displeased with his parents.
dialog: He slit their throats. Now I know
dialog: I can trust what he gives me to
dialog: drink. How do I trust this man
dialog: that I've never met with our money?
dialog: sone?
dialog: ise?
dialog: 
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 5.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 15
speaker_heading: MR. WHITE
dialog: You asked for the introduction.
dialog: That's all I guarantee.
text: Three SUVs pull up in the distance. Out of the first steps
text: a man we will come to know as LE CHIFFRE. Bodyguards climb
text: out of the rear two and remain by their vehicles.
scene_heading: INT. DARK SHACK -- LATER 16
text: Obanno sits next to his grizzled LIEUTENANT, flanked by
dialog: some of the fiercest-looking rebels one would ever want to
text: see. The room is dark, the light fighting 60 way in
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: through the cracks in the boards that cov windows
dialog: that run the length of the room. Obanno,; @ peross the
dialog: long table at Le Chiffre, who doesn't Zs , uN
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE £\ ¢ . )
dialog: Our friend will have tolt oO" that
dialog: I have provided reliabfé. & ming
dialog: services for many othe Fyeedom
dialog: fighters over the | a
speaker_heading: Y
dialog: Do you believe ao Mr. Le
dialog: Chi fire?
dialog: & ces
dialog: No. AK oa ave in a reasonable
dialog: rate ons turn.
dialog: 
dialog: Le chistes eldeg, thie was the wrong answer and clearly
dialog: doesn't oe SS Obanno smiles.
speaker_heading: no & J OBANNO
dialog: Lee want no risk in the portfolio.
speaker_heading: ON Ye
speaker_heading: 4 )) LE CHIFFRE
dialog: SS Agreed.
text: Obanno nods and three metal boxes are placed on the table.
text: One of the men opens the closest box, displaying the money.
text: Le Chiffre takes a hit from an inhaler.
speaker_heading: OBANNO
dialog: And I can access it anywhere in
dialog: the world?
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE
dialog: (hands him a business
dialog: card)
dialog: I have locations at most major
dialog: airports.
dialog: “Sse”
dialog: 
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 6.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE CAMP -- MOMENTS LATER 17
text: Le Chiffre climbs into his SUV as his bodyguards load the
text: metal boxes into the center one,
scene_heading: INT. SUV 18
text: As they move off VALENKA, Le Chiffre's beautiful Russian
text: bodyguard, dials a satellite phone.
speaker_heading: VALENKA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: One moment. LA
text: She hands the ph to Le Chiff Qa
dialog: eS . € cs
text: e hands phone to Le iffre OG,
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE ¢ yy”
dialog: (into phone) LOX
dialog: I have the money. mo eapie
dialog: million shares. ~*~
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Alina?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: TINT, STOCKBROKER'S OFFICE - DAY 19
text: A dignified, grey-haired agi sits behind a large mahogany
text: desk. We can see St. P. "s"@athedral out the window.
dialog: gee
dialog: Sir, ow you're betting
dialog: against reo No one expects
dialog: this stk Shee to go anywhere but up.
dialog: INT. SUV se ny 20
dialog: Sy?
speaker_heading: e wd LE CHIFFRE
speaker_heading: e eX (hanging up)
dialog: L yf SS ust do it.
speaker_heading: ql ee SHACK 21
text: Mr. hite watches as the SUVs are swallowed up by the
dialog: jungle.
scene_heading: EXT. COMMUNE - MADAGASCAR -- DAY 22
text: SUPER: MADAGASCAR, We're watching a fight to the death
text: between a cobra and a mongoose. The arena is a derelict
text: empty swimming pool; the audience hundreds of screaming
text: men, urging the animals on. Beyond this, a cluster of
text: erewded shacks and deserted buildings, housing their near
text: starving families. From a second floor we see a man looking
text: down at the spectacle. James Bond, almost unrecognizable,
text: part of scenery. He keeps his eye on a disheveled young
text: man amongst the excited crowd. The youth wears a small
text: backpack and has a white livid burn scar on his right arm:
text: CARTER, Bond’s team mate is also in the crowd watching.
dialog: 
dialog: ‘sper!
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 7.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 22
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: (into hidden microphone)
dialog: Looks like our man. He has burn
text: scars on his right arm.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I wonder if bomb makers are insured
dialog: for things like that?
text: Two chirps. Bomber flips open his cell phone, reads what
text: must be a short text message, then stands and pushes through
text: the crowd heading in Carter’s direction. Carter’s hand
text: goes to his earpiece. ©}
speaker_heading: ONDA
dialog: to's on tne See fr
speaker_heading: BOND &
dialog: Stop touching your ear. NOS
speaker_heading: C
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Sorry?
text: Realizes his mistake | Ae . Bomber spots at him.
text: Spoaked, he ates he aping into the pool and running.
text: Carter races secee he drawing his gun. Bond sees this.
dialog: 
dialog: Sop
dialog: ik ‘oody gun away! I need
dialog: ive,
text: Carter jump in the pool, trips and falls headlong
text: onto t. Ie The gun fires wildly in the air, sending
text: the: ee panic, people diving in all directions.
text: isvalready racing down an alley, through the shacks,
text: or the jungle beyond. Bond has taken a short cut
text: @ roofs, leaps down, is right behind him,
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE -- DAY 23
text: Bomber leaps over the hulk of a burnt out car, his agility
text: amazing. Bond tries to keep up but is losing ground.
scene_heading: EXT. CONSTRUCTION SITE -- DAY 24
text: Emerging from the foliage, Bomber almost collides with a
text: rusty chain link fence. Behind it, a large building under
text: conatruction. He is over the fence in a flash. Bond
text: follows, lagging behind; cut off as a diqger passes in
text: front of him.
text: Bomber is now through a gate, dropping behind a stack of
text: girders, He pulls a gun, looks back. Nothing. Suddenly
text: a foreman’s hut in front of him disintegrates.
dialog: ae
dialog: Scene
dialog: 24
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 8.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 24
text: It’s Bond driving the digger at full speed, coming straight
text: for Bomber. Bomber shoots, shattering the windshield.
text: But Bond doesn’t flinch, a ruthless determination driving
text: him on. Bomber runs for the building, the digger charging
text: over the girders, catching him up.
text: Behind them, a security vehicle races through the gate,
text: siren screaming. Climbing to the first floor level of the
text: building, Bomber barely makes it as Bond rams the digger’s
text: bucket into the concrete floor, tearing it up, right behind
text: Bombers legs. The digger stalls and Bond leaps through
text: the shattered windshield and climbs the arm. He ducks as
text: bullets ricochet off the metal.
text: Bomber, having stalled Bond, climbs the Me
dialog: We
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ‘a,
text: framework. Two security men run towar ~He shoots
text: one, sending the other diving for cov m7 he climbs
text: the girders, moving incredibly feet ys vitig an amazing
text: display of “free running”, C
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Bond, realizing he is going to-J éyhim, runs up the arm
text: of a mobile crane, leaps ey ei a lands on top of a
text: stairwell, four floors up.
text: Bomber reaches the fift. ey” find his path blocked by
text: angry workers. One ot oF him, swinging a wrench. Bomber
text: kicks him in the ae shing him back against an
text: upright. He boaneeke Beast plunging off the structure,
text: dragging a wel Poy o with him. His body ricochets off a
text: girder and crashé& to the ground. The welding rig lands
text: next to ham, yee g. cylinders exploding in a ball of flame.
text: Now Bond id Getting near, running across narrow girders,
text: floor. a e danger. Bomber has climbed to the top
dialog: 
text: floor. es more security men charging across the roof.
text: to~“see Bond, gun in hand, climbing an upright,
text: oo self up onto his level. Bomber fires at Bond
text: Beek behind the upright for protection, dropping his
dialog: gun
dialog: he does so,
text: with the security men closing in, Bomber leaps through the
text: air, landing on a huge slab of concrete, being lowered
text: into position from a 200 foot crane. Bond hauls himself
text: back up, sees Bomber climbing like a monkey up the wire
text: cable, heading for the top of the crane. Bond makes the
text: precarious leap onto the concrete block.
text: Crowds of workers are riveted by the spectacle. They watch
text: ag Bond goes after Bomber, two small specks hundreds of
text: feet in the air. Bomber is at the top, climbing into the
text: arm, Bond knows he has to get up there fast so he kicks
text: the quick release lever on the side of the pulley mechanism.
text: The concrete slab drops away, releasing the tension on the
text: cable which rockets upwards, taking Bond with it. When it
text: reaches top, he grabs onto the metal ribs of the arm.
dialog: eae
dialog: Nece”
dialog: 
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 9.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 24
text: The concrete slab shatters as it hits the ground. Bomber
text: sees Bond right behind him, climbs out onto the top of the
text: arm. He raises his gun aiming for Bond's head, pulls the
text: trigger. “Click”.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Learn to count.
text: Bomber hurls the empty gun at Bond, who catches it, throws
text: is straight back, hitting him between the eyes, dropping
text: him. Bond goes for him but is kicked back into the metal
text: struts. They fight like men possessed, neither giving any
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: quarter, two hundred feet up. One slip and ey would
text: plunge to their deaths. Bomber finally sm &h Bond's
text: head against the ironwork, stunning him. ACH the moment
dialog: to leap off the crane arm, over a 30 £ \énto the
dialog: 
dialog: s enough, he
dialog: ié“building, another
dialog: t. Bomber picks
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: arm of a second crane below. If that
text: now jumps from there onto the rock ge
text: yawning gap. Bond can hardly beliave
text: himself up and “free runs” over é se s of sloping roofs,
text: putting a barrier between him pr I pyrsuing security men.
dialog: ing it, landing awkwardly
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Now Bond does the jump, ba
text: onto the second crane. Hi csr to the roof is even worse,
text: careening off the top o + shaft, falling heavily
text: onto the roof. Bombe ace down a set of stairs, swings
text: cst uilding, lands en the floor
dialog: me
dialog: across the outside(of
text: beyond. He pulls yj euptly. Coming at him from the
text: other side is Baddy-xelentless as ever.
text: Bomber charges tow ‘ds an empty elevator shaft, runs down
text: a side walk, nicks off the back and lands on the floor
text: below. Bond 198 s down a stairway, cuts him off. This
text: time Bo is nowhere to go, so he jumps out of the
text: buildi nm a rising construction elevator four floors
text: bej.ow Re there he jumps to the ground and races off.
dialog: 
text: 3 ot onto a scissor lift. Grabbing a wrench he
text: masfe) the high pressure hoses, dropping the lift at
text: frighténing speed. Before it reaches the ground, he’s
text: leapt off, running after Bomber.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. BUSY ROAD / SECURITY -- DAY 25
text: Two trucks are at a security gate waiting to pull into
text: heavy traffic. Bomber runs past them, heading out the
text: gate; Bond emerges behind him. Speeding cars block Bomber’s
text: path, In a breathtaking show of agility he jumps the hood
text: of one onto the roof of another, then across to yet another
text: going in the opposite direction, turning up a side road.
text: No such antics for Bond. Vehicles slam on their brakes,
text: swerve wildly as he recklessly navigates the road. Bomber
text: jumps off his car and runs around a corner, Bond sees a
text: van turning the same way, jumps on the back of it.
dialog: Nowe
dialog: 
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 10.
scene_heading: EXT. THE NAMBUTU EMBASSY -- DAY 26
text: Bomber shows his ID to a security guard at the gate. He's
text: oblivious to the approaching van with Bond clinging on the
text: back. As he passes, Bond sees Bomber heading up the drive
text: towards the embassy building. He curses under his breath;
text: makes a decision. Climbing onto the roof, he launches
text: himself over the concrete wall, lands amongst the shrubbery
text: in the embassy gardens. Rolling onto one knee, looks back
text: at the security gate. All quiet. Glancing up he sees
text: security cameras attached to the building. He moves off.
scene_heading: INT. AMBASSADOR’S OFFICE -- DAY 27
dialog: 2
dialog: ON)
dialog: 2 partied conversation in mid flow, a
dialog: d
speaker_heading: MILITARY A’
dialog: You don’t work for us "ES
dialog: Get out!
dialog: 
dialog: )
speaker_heading: BOMBER ~~ wr
dialog: Just hide me! mS SY
text: Bond bursts through the Kor dha heads for the Bomber.
speaker_heading: MI ‘ARY ATTACHE
dialog: This is t ant Embassy! You
dialog: a
speaker_heading: So ‘yy BOND
text: Bond oF in in the stomach, dropping him. The Attache
text: shaun but two lightning blows from Bond stop
text: ying up the gun he grabs the retching Bomber by
text: Sy of the neck, hauls him out the door onto a
text: above a courtyard. The Attache hits the alarm
text: Klaxons wail.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. EMBASSY BALCONY / STAIRS -- DAY 28
text: Dragging Bomber with him, Bond sees guards running into
text: the courtyard below. Embassy employees bolt from their
dialog: offices.
scene_heading: INT. EMBASSY SECURITY ROOM -- DAY 29
text: Two guards grab their weapons, head for the door. On the
text: CCTV screen we see Bond hauling Bomber.
scene_heading: EXT, EMBASSY BALCONY -- DAY 30
text: Bond turns a corner, gees the guards appear at the far end
text: of the balcony. Between them is some scaffolding, erected
text: over a flight of stairs going down to the courtyard.
dialog: Neo!
dialog: 
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 11.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 30
text: Bond throws Bomber to the floor as one of the guards starts
text: firing. Two blasts from Bond’s gun and newly installed
text: pipe work next to the shooter's head ruptures. Water
text: explodes, engulfing the hapless men. The soldiers have
text: now reached the top of the stairs on the opposite side.
text: They can’t see Bond and Bomber because they’re lying below
text: the level of the solid wooden banister that surrounds the
text: balcony. That doesn’t stop them. They open up, shattering
text: the wood and glass partitions above the banister. Glass
text: rains down on Bond and Bomber. Bond sees soldiers in the
text: courtyard running to the staircase below him. Grabbing
text: some rope tied off to the scaffolding, he knots it around
text: a bundle of copper piping, kicks it over th
text: balcony. The weight of the piping tears o
text: the scaffolding, brings it crashing down
text: soldiers coming up the stairs. Bond,
text: front of him, runs through the Sugg r and pushes
text: him through a door.
speaker_heading: NO
scene_heading: INT, ADMIN OFFICE -- DAY €
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 31
dialog: A large busy room. Mostly we ge cretaries, typists,
text: etc, Bond fires his gun i air, sending everyone
text: screaming and yelling to oe He hurls Bomber through
text: a window, bouncing him bof onto the ground below,
dialog: losing his backpack ie) way down.
scene_heading: EXT, SERVICE aReR 32
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: In seconds Bond joined him, scoops up the backpack,
text: grabs the ex and heads for the metal gate at
text: the rear. at s legs suddenly give out and he collapses
text: to the gro ond lifts him up as he hears the sound of
text: of bim) facing them are at least a dozen soldiers,
text: Bond is finished and Bomber knows it.
text: weapons | 8 He turns, holding Bomber in front
dialog: e,
dialog: we.
text: Re smiles and spits in Bond’s face. He walks away,
dialog: turns.
speaker_heading: BOMBER
dialog: (taunting)
dialog: What's your name? Huh? I’m never
dialog: there when they die. I don’t get
dialog: to know the names, I want to know
dialog: who died here today.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: The name’s Bond. What’s yours?
speaker_heading: BOMBER
dialog: Mollaka.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: See? You already had your answer,
text: Bond fires into the surprised man’s chest.
dialog: 
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 32
text: Before the body hits the ground, he fires again, hitting
text: the side of a calor gas bottle, one of many stashed in a
text: cage nearby. The cylinder explodes, blasting other bottles
text: in all directions, detonating some as they fly through the
text: air. Soldiers dive for cover, some flung back by the blast
text: from the fireball. When it’s over they slowly stagger up.
text: One of them is the Military Attache we saw earlier. As he
text: moves forward, surveying the wreckage, we focus on a CCTV
text: camera bolted to the fence. The Attache peers through the
text: smoke looking for Bond. He’s nowhere to be seen.
scene_heading: EXT. EMBASSY -- DAY 33
text: another alley, pulls Bomber’s wallet and p& hy m the
text: Bond jumps from a wall, heads down an alley rns down
text: backpack. In the wallet he finds Henne) os a playing
text: card ripped in half, the QUEEN OF HEA ie stuffs it
text: into his pocket and checks the carpe
dialog: One text message, one word:
dialog: “gd recent messages.
dialog: A, OS
dialog: on
dialog: Unsure of its meaning, he EN darkness as the
text: emergency SIRENS grow Lethe LOUDER.
speaker_heading: Sy suNSET 34
dialog: 
dialog: meee?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT, LE CHIFFRE'S cc
dialog: a
dialog: A beautiful 110 foo
dialog: tethered alongsidé
text: Seeker at anchor, a motor launch
scene_heading: INT, LE ae an ¥ACHT - DECK SALON -- CONTINUOUS 35
text: An ae WUE a Stoom that hosts a high stakes poker game.
text: MADAME Tiaccly Chinese woman, throws in her cards.
text: Now th just two men battling for the pot.
text: oh phe ‘dabs his eye with a handkerchief, which stains
text: he touch. He notices the other remaining player,
dialog: a vebit#ed Croatian General, looking:
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE
dialog: My dear General. Weeping blood
dialog: comes merely from a derangement of
text: the tear duct - nothing sinister.
text: The General blanches. le Chiffre pushes in all his chips.
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE (CONT'D)
dialog: All in. But I only have two pair,
dialog: and you have a full 17.4 percent
dialog: chance of making your straight.
text: The General tries to read Le Chiffre, can't. He throws in
text: his cards. Le Chiffre pulls the chips ronan him. KRATT,
text: Le Chiffre's dangerous looking henchman, approaches and
text: whispers in his ear, Le Chiffre rises with a smile.
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 13.
scene_heading: INT, LE CHIFFRE'S YACHT - BEDROOM 36
text: Le Chiffre bangs the door open, his smile gone. Kratt
text: steps into the doorway as Le Chiffre finds the laptop open
text: on his desk to CNN.COM.
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE
dialog: When does ellipsis expire?
speaker_heading: KRATT
dialog: We have less than 36 hours. I can
dialog: call and--
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE
dialog: No. It's all the time I have x
dialog: anyway. Give our guests five- Ny &
dialog: minutes to leave or toss the”) <
speaker_heading: SN
text: overboard.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON LAPTOP
text: Just before he bangs it clos
dialog: "British Agent Executes E
text: a blurry high angle photo
dialog: 37
scene_heading: EXT, NEWSSTAND - oe a3
dialog: ey
dialog: The papers boast_he! Oo like "Our Secret Murder Squad" --
text: with freeze fr tr the high angle security camera of
text: a fuzzy Bond, gum aimed at a man with his hands in the air --
text: then the folhqwing Sframes of the shot fired and the bomber
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: falling. ou tack falls into frame, the same photo --
text: "MI6 onele 5 d Prisoner." RISE UP TO SHE;
text: THE HO PARLIAMENT; the familiar icon now hiding
dialog: inal Sy as skirt.
dialog: a
scene_heading: 1 SON OF COMMONS -- PRIVATE CORRIDOR ~~ DAY 38
text: The door bangs open and M strides out, red-faced. VILLIERS,
text: an aide, has to scramble to keep up with her, He has never
text: seen her this angry; the words fly out her mouth. As she
text: struts down the hall toward the exit the committee members
text: spill out of the door in the background.
speaker_heading: M
dialog: (fast and furious:)
dialog: Who the hell do they think they
dialog: are?! I report to the Prime
dialog: Minister, and even he is smart
dialog: enough not to ask me what we do.
dialog: Have you ever seen such a pile of
dialog: self-righteous, ass-covering prigs?!
dialog: They don't care what we do, they
dialog: care what we get photographed doing.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 38
speaker_heading: M (CONT'D)
dialog: (as if it's Villiers'
dialog: fault:)
dialog: And how the hell could Bond be so
dialog: stupid?! I give him Double 0 status
text: and he celebrates by shooting up
dialog: an embassy?! Is the man deranged??
dialog: And where the hell is he?! In the
dialog: old days if an agent did something
dialog: so embarrassing he'd have the good
dialog: sense to defect. Christ, I miss
dialog: the Cold War.
text: And she slams out through the exit door. OC.
dialog: Sey
dialog: @ Ny w& 39
text: op keyboard.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: In a darkened room, fingers PRES
dialog: 
scene_heading: CLOSE ON SCREEN: ew
dialog: a)
text: An image of a cell phone acognps iss a mass of detail.
text: A hand pulls a SIM CARD f, Kee s phone and inserts it
text: in a reader attached to top
text: Someone is enact’ data on the text message
text: ‘ELLIPSIS'. First displayed is the sender's cell
text: phone number; wae ‘NUMBER UNREGISTERED! .
text: FINGERS TAP Ry: ve ALL ACTIVITY OF NUMBER!
text: ON SCREEN, Ses ta tells us: Incoming calls: 0. Outgoing:
dialog: 
text: Oo. SMS SMS sent: 1. Handshakes: 18.57pm
scene_heading: JULY 6 obpm Sone 6, 19.12pm JULY 6. Local Cell time -
text: assed through - on the Bahamas. Bond calls up a 3D
text: zooming closer on those zones: a road passes through
text: them, leads to only one place - a COUNTRY CLUB.
text: fi @ zooms into the three pulsing cellular zones the
dialog: ho:
speaker_heading: MAP
text: BOND inserts a MEMORY STICK and copies the zone map and
text: related documents. Hearing a NOISE in the hall he quickly
text: pockets the memory stick and closes the laptop.
text: Footsteps outside, then it opens to reveal M, a newspaper
text: under her arm. She looks to see:
text: BOND sitting at the bridge table, close to the desk,
text: expertly shuffling cards, flipping them back and forth,
dialog: under:
speaker_heading: M
dialog: You've got a bloody cheek.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 15.
dialog: 39
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Sorry. Next time I'1l shoot the
dialog: camera first
speaker_heading: M
dialog: Or yourself! You stormed into an
dialog: embassy! You violated the only
dialog: absolutely inviolate rule of
dialog: international relationships! And
dialog: why? So you could kill a nobody!
dialog: We needed to question him, not
dialog: kill him. For God's sake, you're
dialog: supposed to display some sort of -@
dialog: judgment ! Qy
speaker_heading: oN
speaker_heading: BOND SN OQ
dialog: I mistakenly thought one le sa
dialog: maker in the world men ee ing.
speaker_heading: M
dialog: Exactly: one bombma
dialog: trying to find oaitt 2 ri Je are
dialog: 
dialog: network of arya oups is
dialog: financed and he us one
dialog: bombmaker ! the big picture,
dialog: wouldn't tele 2} The man isn't
dialog: deve ae gger finger we have no
dialog: idea wh hired him or why!
dialog: sagen ly realizing)
dialog: pow the hell did you find
dialog: where I lived?
dialog: a _
dialog: ‘The same way I found out your name.
dialog: ‘YWhen you recruited me I thought M
dialog: was a randomly assigned letter, I
dialog: had no idea it stood for--
dialog: even a ue pel ver! He's a gun
dialog: for hire, ever to your over-
dialog: 
speaker_heading: M
dialog: ~-Utter another syllable and I
dialog: will have you killed. I knew it
dialog: was too early to promote you.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Well I understand Double Os have a
dialog: very short life expectancy, so one
dialog: can hope your mistake isn't long-
dialog: lived.
speaker_heading: M
dialog: At least there won't be any question
dialog: who to bury. You're a secret agent,
dialog: for God's sake! Can you at least
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 16.
speaker_heading: 39 CONTINUED: (2) 39
speaker_heading: M (CONT'D)
dialog: try not to tell every single person
dialog: you meet your real name?! Do you
dialog: have any idea how hard it was to
dialog: keep it out of the international
dialog: press?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Understood. I should have stuck
dialog: to my cover, Mr. Sandy Bizet,
dialog: Fashion Buyer.
dialog: (regarding newspaper)
dialog: "Fashion Buyer Kills Terrorist".
dialog: That may just have fooled them. oe 4
dialog: a
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: M sees she is never going to make a de
dialog: RA D senor,
dialog: tries a different tact. ie
dialog: blunt instrument to Mt tand,
dialog: but arrogance and areness
dialog: seldom go hand- 5G
dialog: (amused), “eo
dialog: So, I s. KS alf monk, half
dialog: hitman?
dialog: &
dialog: M gow
dialog: Bond, this may be too ae ra
dialog: 
dialog: on kill. I need you to
dialog: uur ego out of the equation
dialog: ge the situation
dialog: @ ssionately. I have to know I
dialog: of trugt you, and that you know
dialog: & o to trust. And since I don't
dialog: yknow that, I need you out of my
dialog: sight. Go and stick your head in
dialog: the sand somewhere and think about
dialog: your future.
dialog: (re: newspaper)
dialog: Because these bastards want your
dialog: head. And I'm seriously considering
dialog: feeding you to them.
speaker_heading: {ag BOND EXITS)
dialog: And Bond,..
dialog: (he pauses, looks)
dialog: Don't ever break into my house
dialog: again.
dialog: 
dialog: )
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Wouldn't dream of it, "M".
text: He exits as M burns, She sits at her desk, opens her
text: laptop. And only now wonders if her laptop was the real
dialog: reason Bond was here.
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 17.
scene_heading: EXT. SEA PLANE - PORT - GRAND BAHAMAS -~ DAY 40
text: Superimpose: NASSAU, GRAND BAHAMA ISLAND. A sea plane
text: lands and taxis toward a small terminal. Beyond we see
text: the gleaming ATLANTIS HOTEL.
scene_heading: EXT. TERMINAL -- DAY 41
text: The door opens and passengers disembark from the plane.
text: Bond steps off and rolls up the sleeves of his white shirt
text: and takes in the view. Expensive boats cross the harbor;
text: one of them is LE CHIFFRE'S SUN SEEKER, gliding under the
dialog: two bridges that connect Nassau with mo
scene_heading: EXT. TWO LANE ROAD - GRAND BAHAMA -- mn a) 42
text: Cn ane blacktop.
dialog: [ eld displaying
dialog: a the route of the cell
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: James swerves around the corner of th
text: Lying on the seat next to him is/ a
text: the map he copied from M's comput’
dialog: phone that texted the bomber.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ess
scene_heading: EXT. "ONE AND ONLY" manny BS DAY 43
text: Bond pulls up among swan. * couple of attractive
text: women carrying tennis r (eis him a second look. He
text: hands his key to the Rahp ey also wears a white shirt
text: and black pants. vheelvaip vay drives around the corner.
dialog: 
text: Bond stalls, ty&z A Sy Shoe, glances up and spots several
text: surveillance camé 5. A Jaguar pulls up and a fat, arrogant
text: orts steps out and spots Bond.
speaker_heading: GERMAN in Te ic
speaker_heading: FAT GERMAN
dialog: ease going to take this or make
speaker_heading: x) ea BOND
dialog: ©) Right away, sir.
dialog: wait?
text: The fat man tosses Bond the keys and disappears inside the
text: Casino. Bond glances down the line of cars parked out
text: front, including the one marked Security near the end. He
text: drops into the Jaguar and pulls out. Bond circles a row
text: of prestigious cars, turns and backs at high speed into a
text: wooden guard rail, cracking it and slamming it into the
text: bumpers of the row of parked cars. A dozen CAR ALARMS
text: SCREAM at once. Bond steps out and walks to the entrance.
text: People spill out, no one paying any attention to the man
text: on the sidewalk. Bond mounts the front steps.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. ONE AND ONLY COUNTRY CLUB -- DAY 44
text: Bond enters the club, passing others who are running out
text: in response to their car alarms. TWO SECURITY GUARDS barrel
text: out of a back corridor. As the guards disappear out the
text: front door, James slips down their corridor,
dialog: mae”
dialog: 
dialog: 44
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 18,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 44
text: He stops at the security office door -- checks the handle.
text: Locked. He jimmies it.
scene_heading: INT. ONE AND ONLY, SECURITY ROOM -- DAY 45
text: Bond enters, locks the door behind him and puts his handheld
text: on the desk and turns to the MONITORS. On one screen, the
text: security guards are dealing with the screaming Fat Man and
text: the other car owners out front.
text: Bond quickly locates the DVD library, finds a disc labelled
text: JULY 06, feeds it into a machine and jumps to 7:13 pm.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: eZ
scene_heading: ON THEIR COMPUTER SCREENS: ee ) vs
speaker_heading: NY
text: Simultaneous feeds from several canerag:s Ne & ttles
text: through the footage as people come and(go}\* an elderly
text: woman, a kissing couple, then a sie Aston Martin pulls
dialog: up. A beautiful woman we will co know as SOLANGE
dialog: climbs out of the passenger side¢* Avwan we'll call
text: DIMITRIOS steps out the driver!s*dogr. He flips closed
text: his cell phone. Bond freezesvt image and looks at the
text: time stamp -7:14,22. Hec s handheld -- the phone
dialog: called ended at 7:14:22pm, é dy
text: Bond throws one more aes the frozen screen, then glances
text: up at the live monfto 8 s one of the security guards is
text: no longer visible. iYslips out of the office.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. ONE AND ONLI\COUNTRY CLUB -- CONTINUOUS 46
text: Bond heads bade gown the hall. The SECURITY GUARD turns
text: the corner lana mes toward him.
speaker_heading: > NS
speaker_heading: O Se )) BOND
dialog: cx) AC “DEG you find who did it?
dialog: Ly
scene_heading: ©) SECURITY GUARD
dialog: SS Bloody valet.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (still walking)
dialog: I find that hard to believe.
text: They pass and Bond turns into the main entrance hall and
text: approaches the front desk and chooses the pretty female
dialog: clerk,
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Checking in, sir?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Yes. Spur of the moment thing,
dialog: didn't make a reservation.
dialog: 
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 46
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: (checking computer)
dialog: We have a bay view suite...
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Perfect.
dialog: (handing over credit
dialog: card)
dialog: And you can do me a favor. I was
dialog: here for dinner last night and I
dialog: parked my car next to a beautiful
dialog: 1964 Aston Martin, and I'm ashamed
dialog: to say I nicked the door. You ple
dialog: wouldn't happen to know... ©
dialog: ae
dialog: & I
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST aS , FZ
dialog: Mr. Dimitrios. G
speaker_heading: EX (EOS
speaker_heading: BOND oC )
dialog: Greek gentleman? € Sy
dialog: »
speaker_heading: QD
dialog: Ne
dialog: 6
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RECEPTIO(? ts
dialog: American. Very. NY
dialog: (leans in) ey,
dialog: Tf he hasn't 2 ad, I'm not sure
dialog: I'd mention At. sn't the type to
dialog: take ba efe Ye 1.
dialog: ox ~
dialog: But if felt compelled to find
dialog: SS
dialog: hi
speaker_heading: K
speaker_heading: oe RECEPTIONIST
text: Cy have a home just up the beach.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: way H=- LATE AFTERNOON 47
text: Bo sips out of the water. A quick glance down the beach
text: rev SOLANGE riding through the surf on a magnificent
text: horse. She slows and dismounts at her house. Bond offers
text: a smile. She returns it without thinking, then leading
text: her horse, disappears. Bond looks up in time to see
text: Dimitrios step onto his balcony and gaze out at the bay
dialog: beyond.
scene_heading: INT. BOND'S HOTEL ROOM -- EARLY EVENING AB
text: He towels off from his shower and uses his computer to
text: search a SECURE WEBSITE database for DIMITRIOS. He has a
dialog: hit:
text: ALEX DIMITRIOS, officially listed as a government contractor
dialog: in Iraq, Afghanistan, Chechneya, Rwanda, Nicaragua, El
text: Salvador, going back to the 70s. Dealer in arms,
dialog: information, ties to death squads and right wing
dialog: paramilitary groups.
dialog: 
dialog: 4g
dialog: 50
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 20.
scene_heading: INT. MI6 HOT ROOM -- AT THAT MOMENT (NIGHT IN BRITAIN) 49
text: Villiers stands over a computer operator, a phone to his
dialog: ear.
scene_heading: INT. M'S BEDROOM -- AT THAT MOMENT (NIGHT) 50
text: She wakes and answers.
speaker_heading: M
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: VILLIERS cl
dialog: He's in the Grand Bahamas. C
speaker_heading: SY Y
speaker_heading: VILLIERS aN)
dialog: He's logged into our, ‘cue website.
dialog: (now the bad net NY
dialog: Using your name Ps a word.
speaker_heading: au eS)
dialog: How the a etan know these
dialog: )
speaker_heading: Nd
dialog: 
speaker_heading: S\VILLIERS
dialog: est to find--
dialog: 
dialog: &
dialog: I'll adtey
dialog: } M
dialog: Goth be wasting your time.
dialog: (a8 s he looking at?
speaker_heading: ONS 5
dialog: ef r-own bedside computer to life and plays catch-
dialog: =
speaker_heading: M
speaker_heading: UW .
speaker_heading: () VILLIERS
dialog: Alex Dimitrios,
speaker_heading: M
dialog: That slimy bugger?
text: M's screen changes in sync with Villiers' and BOND'S ACTIONS
text: which WE SEE INTERCUT.
speaker_heading: VILLIERS
dialog: ...and now known associates, Most
dialog: deceased.
text: ON M'S SCREEN: an old photo of LE CHIFFRE, listed along
text: with a dozen aliases, The red stamp over the photo reads
scene_heading: EXECUTED, 1998 - IRAQ.
dialog: Some
dialog: ed
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 50
speaker_heading: M
dialog: ...Le Chiffre.
scene_heading: INT. ONE AND ONLY COUNTRY CLUB - CASINO -- EVENING 51
text: Bond weaves through the crowd; no tuxedos in vacation
text: casinos anymore, he sports a simple polo shirt. He spots
text: the high rollers section, recognizes DIMITRIOS. Bond
text: saunters over and places a large stack of chips on the
dialog: table.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Mind if I join you? ©
dialog: Ye
text: No one speaks. Bond is dealt in as he si a. (ope notices
dialog: that Dimitrios uses his Aston Martin ke protect
dialog: ca chips and lucky
dialog: his hole cards: a
text: his cards. The other players similar
dialog: coins to protect theirs. Bond LaRkg
text: pair of kings. Dimitrios bets.
speaker_heading: DIMITRIOS
dialog: Five hundred. aS
speaker_heading: NN
text: The player to Bond's rig aXe. Bond feigns
dialog: disappointment and toss ah S/cards in.
speaker_heading: LATER: A CQ” 52
speaker_heading: ON SS
text: Dimitrios, ee as a Bond wins another pot.
dialog: 
scene_heading: ” THIRD PLAYER
dialog: Kepaseruct ion. Yourself?
speaker_heading: @ oS BOND
dialog: (O “import -export, What about you,
dialog: . i
dialog: 
dialog: oA Dimitrios?
dialog: DD \y imitrios
speaker_heading: “ ) DIMITRIOS
dialog: Deal.
text: As they start another hand, Bond eyes Solange drifting
text: toward their table. She joins Dimitrios, kisses him on
dialog: the head.
speaker_heading: DIMITRIOS (CONT'D)
dialog: If that was for luck, you're two
dialog: hours late.
text: Stung, Solange moves off to the bar, hiding her humiliation.
text: Bond watches her as they play.
speaker_heading: LATER: 53
text: Dimitrios, almost out of chips, waiting for the river (last)
text: card to be turned over - only he and Bond are in the pot.
text: A king turns up.
dialog: 
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 53
speaker_heading: DIMITRIOS
dialog: All in. No. Twenty thousand.
text: He brings out a checkbook.
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: Table stakes - I'm sorry, sir.
text: Dimitrios grabs his key ring.
speaker_heading: DIMITRIOS
dialog: This is on the table - I'll bet
dialog: this. It's worth at least what he,
dialog: has.
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: I'm sorry, Mr. Dimitrios.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (pushing in his p a )
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: It's alright - give ajchance
dialog: to get even. ANS?
text: Dimitrios throws in his (en - triumphantly turns over
text: a pair of kings - three {i ‘al Bond flips up a pair of
dialog: aces - with one “sae wy the board - three aces - Bond
dialog: wins. Dimitrios Op
dialog: the keys.
text: eve his bad luck. Bond takes
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOND (CONT'D)
dialog: palet ticket?
text: Laie and tosses it to him. An attendant
text: a note. He reads it as Bond stacks his
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: pebog, turns and walks to his wife, at the bar, who
text: sra) her purge. Bond watches as he says something to
text: ife and leaves on his own. She waits a moment, not
text: knowing what to do, trying to save face, then pays for her
dialog: drink and exits,
scene_heading: EXT. ONE AND ONLY COUNTRY CLUB -- NIGHT 54
text: Solange waits at the curb. The valet pulls up in the Aston
text: Martin and she instinctively opens the passenger door.
text: Bond opens the driver's side and Solange realizes her
dialog: mistake.
speaker_heading: SOLANGE
dialog: Ah, no wonder he was in such a
dialog: foul mood. My mistake.
text: She closes her door and steps back.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 23.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 54 CONTINUED: 54
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: . Can I give you a lift home?
speaker_heading: SOLANGE
dialog: That would really send him over
dialog: the edge, wouldn't it? I'm afraid
dialog: I'm not that cruel.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Perhaps you're just out of practice.
text: Solange laughs. Considers.
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: SOLANGE oy
dialog: Perhaps. Ze t dD
speaker_heading: SE
speaker_heading: BOND ©)
dialog: Then perhaps we could a nk
dialog: at my place. Cc ~
dialog: or. Ww
dialog: .Your place?.
speaker_heading: oP
dialog: very.
speaker_heading: & S GE
dialog: N one drighs=
dialog: ae ns at
text: She drops into t ssenger seat, Bond guns the engine,
text: drives around the rele and stops
dialog: eS,
speaker_heading: Ey? BOND
dialog: J ever so humble.
dialog: ec
text: " opens her car doer, Solange laughs.
scene_heading: 55 GC sta -- NIGHT 55
text: eoyioe Dimitrios off. He's met by Kratt.
scene_heading: 56 EXT. LE CHIFFRE'S YACHT -- NIGHT 56
text: Kratt shows Dimitrios onto the yacht, where Valenka waits
text: topside. She shows him below, Prelap:
speaker_heading: DIMITRIOS (V.O.)
dialog: I'm having a hard time seeing how
dialog: this is my fault,
scene_heading: 57 INT, LE CHIFFRE'S YACHT - DECK SALON -- CONTINUOUS 57
speaker_heading: : DIMITRIOS
dialog: “mr It's your plan, all I did was get
dialog: you the man.
dialog: 
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 57
text: Kratt joins them, a menacing presence in any room.
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE
dialog: A man who was under surveillance
dialog: by the British Secret Service.
dialog: Which makes me wonder if I should
dialog: trust you at all.
speaker_heading: DIMITRIOS
dialog: Do me a favor, stop playing tough
dialog: guy. If you were going to kill me
dialog: you wouldn't be talking so much.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I have someone else willing to QA
dialog: the job. He just needs the OQ
dialog: particulars. And payment. ask
text: Le Chiffre stares at him, making (tsi Cy He takes a
text: card from a deck on the table, oe fee spades, rips it
dialog: in two and hands one half of the¢ oi o Dimitrios.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LE CHI
dialog: The money is wai 2’ the same
dialog: place.
scene_heading: INT. BOND'S HOTEL ao cs) /NIGHT 58
text: Solange and Bond A edroom floor; her still in bra
text: aring an unbuttoned shirt.
dialog: and heels, himsst
speaker_heading: AEN BOND
dialog: ay
speaker_heading: Gdn. SOLANGE
dialog: Sa Just think what it would be
dialog: e if we undressed.
text: by up at him, lying over her. She smiles, amused.
speaker_heading: SOLANGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Why do I think that you've been in
dialog: this position before? You like
dialog: married women, don't you, James?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: It keeps things simple.
speaker_heading: SOLANGE
dialog: (playfully)
dialog: What is it about bad men? You, my
dialog: husband... I had go many chances
dialog: to be happy, so many nice guys.
dialog: Why can't nice guys be more like
dialog: you?
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 28.
speaker_heading: 58 CONTINUED: 58
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Then they'd be...bad.
speaker_heading: SOLANGE
dialog: Yes, but so much more interesting.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: What makes your husband a bad man?
speaker_heading: SOLANGE
dialog: His nature, I suppose.
text: She begins kissing him again. é
dialog: »
speaker_heading: 1G
speaker_heading: BOND ee “)
dialog: The nature of his work? ey O
speaker_heading: SOLANGE
dialog: A mystery, I'm afraid.
dialog: afraid you slept with
dialog: to get to him. CXS
speaker_heading: C
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: How afraid? or
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Not ae
text: -— Solange startski her way down his chest and lower.
speaker_heading: as BOND
dialog: gaa zor | you something personal?
speaker_heading: oO, SOLANGE
dialog: &Q (moving lower)
dialog: re would seem an appropriate time.
speaker_heading: ta on P
speaker_heading: SS yy BOND
dialog: Ny Does "ellipsis" mean anything to
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: SOLANGE
dialog: Three dots. A pause. You aren't
dialog: trying to tell me you're tired,
dialog: are you?
text: Her cell phone rings. She sees it's her husband.
speaker_heading: SOLANGE (CONT'D)
dialog: Should I ask him about it?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Perhaps later.
text: She answers it, still lying under Bond.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: SOLANGE
dialog: Yes, dear?...
dialog: (kisses James' neck)
dialog: No, I understand. See you tomorrow.
dialog: (hangs up, kisses
dialog: Bond)
dialog: Apparently he's going to Miami, so
dialog: you have all night to question me.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: In that case, we'll need more
dialog: champagne.
dialog: 
text: Bond stands and walks to the phone in the
text: She rolls over and watches him. Bond sp
dialog: i
speaker_heading: BOND (CONT'D) Ke wy
dialog: Yes, Bond, suite 119. poe ) oe
dialog: chilled Bollinger R.D.s 4
dialog: 
text: She gets up and heads for the hb
speaker_heading: SAMY
speaker_heading: BOND AGONTHS)
dialog: And Beluga cavi Coie chopped egg
dialog: and onion, RS mA
dialog: 1ofed))
speaker_heading: OND (CONT'D)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: The bathroom door
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL LIGHT
text: Bond hop’ eG te beautiful Aston and takes off.
scene_heading: INTs: MIAMI FREEWAY -- NIGHT
text: Rey eS in the back seat, his eyes on the cab in front.
scene_heading: ee FREEWAY -- NIGHT
text: City lights stretch out ahead, as the first cab passes
text: under a floodlit sign: DOWNTOWN MIAMI.
scene_heading: INT. CAB -- NIGHT
text: Dimitrios sits in the back, expressionless. Next to him
text: lies a zip bag.
scene_heading: EXT. SCIENCE CENTER -- NIGHT
text: It's busy. A huge sign over the facade reads BODY WORLD
text: EXHIBITION. The cab pulls to the curb and Dimitrios steps
text: eut holding the zip bag. As he pays the fare the second
text: cab pulls in. Bond steps out and hands the driver some
dialog: money .
dialog: iv ng room.
dialog: ky at the phone:
dialog: 
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 27.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 63
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Wait here.
text: He follows Dimitrios into the building.
scene_heading: INT. SCIENCE CENTER LOBBY -- NIGHT 64
text: A vast area, crowded even though it's late at night. Signs
text: for the Body World exhibit boast that it is open 24 hours.
text: Bond steps up to the ticket kiosk, watching Dimitrios hand
text: his overcoat and zip bag to the coat check girl. Bond
text: watches her hang up the coat and hand him “
text: He follows Dimitrios down the stairs to rape below.
scene_heading: INT. BODY WORLD EXHIBIT oy 65
text: Dark, with pools of light ae various
text: groupings, bodies cut and expose, mNw41 their gory glory.
text: The cadavers are posed in ever ee gettings, without velvet
dialog: ropes or any other sort of S spp ecees them and the
text: gawking crowds.
dialog: 
text: Bend follows Dimitrios Ll Dimitrios pauses at
text: a poker table, four sé Biavers mid-game., Dimitrios slips
text: a cell phone from ‘(G09 types a text message then
text: puts it away. Dimitsdds: sJeasually drops something onto the
text: poker table, s@ai a nearby faces, then weaves through
text: the crowd heading Sonera the exit. Bond doesn't follow.
text: Instead he Si E ae to the poker table, close enough to
text: see the coats cheek tag sitting atop one of the hands on
text: the repte a "keeper". Bond moves on without pausing
text: and 8 RR So spot a distance off to watch.
text: ‘9 up to the poker exhibit and inspect the bodies,
text: BS) me touches, or even seems to notice, the tag.
dialog: 
text: nons Zenges something beside him, turns -- just in time --
text: slips under the arm that holds a stiletto that was meant
text: for his back and grabs Dimitrios’ wrist, twists it, forcing
text: the knife back towards his stomach. They remain locked, a
text: test of strength, neither face betraying any effort. All
text: this amongst crowds of people, totally unaware of the drama
text: being played out in front of them. Bond suddenly glances
text: away, diverting Dimitrios’ attention, then turns him with
text: an arm lock, thrusts the knife into his back. Taking him
text: by the shoulders he sits him down on a seat. Joining him,
text: Bond pulls the cell phone from the dead man’s pocket -
text: flips it open and checks for sent messages, Just one.
speaker_heading: ELLIPSIS
text: Bond scans the faces around the poker exhibit -- then looks
text: down at the table -- and sees that the tag is gone!
dialog: 
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 65
dialog: Bond runs, gets to
scene_heading: THE CLOAK ROOM
text: no one in line, looks to the spot where Dimitrios' coat
text: was hanging; it's gone, along with the zip bag. Panicked,
text: Bond runs to entrance and looks
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE 66
text: where hundreds of dark figures come and go, many in
text: overcoats. Bond struggles with the thought of losing his
text: prey...suddenly flashes on the answer. He gigs into his
text: pocket and pulls out...
speaker_heading: DIMITRIOS' CELL PHONE
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: o his ear and
dialog: 8 dark-coated
text: “phone to his ear.
text: flips it open and hits redial.
text: watches the crowd. One ring. Tw
dialog: “yy
speaker_heading: MAN'S Vj ee ov
dialog: What? ue
dialog: aya
text: Bond hangs up, already AG )
text: The man tosses thi eh the trash bin and scans the
text: street behind him. ye CARLOS. He hops into a cab.
dialog: Bond follows. 4
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. MIAMI i POR'D;"- CONCOURSE - NIGHT 67
text: Cars, buse PND! pesble. It's busy. A cab pulls in. Carlos
text: gets out eg g the zip bag and pays the cabbie. Bond’s
text: ie way behind. He slips the driver a hundred
text: te; follows Carlos into the terminal.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: MINAL BUILDING - NIGHT 68
text: Carlds feeds a ticket into an electric check-in machine.
text: He takes the boarding pass, moves away. Bond crosses to
text: the same machine, inserts his Nassau return ticket, glances
text: at Carlos who is standing at the window of a money exchange.
scene_heading: INT/EXT. MONEY EXCHANGE - NIGHT 69
text: Carlos hands over the half card (the five of spades) to
text: the teller, who picks up a leather bag, opens it, revealing
text: a wad of bank notes. From an inside pocket he pulls out
text: the other half and joins it to the one in his hand. A
text: perfect match. He passes over the bag and Carlos moves
text: away heading for “DEPARTURES”. Bond, following, sees him
text: hand it off to a BLONDE GIRL as she brushes past him.
text: Ignoring her, Bond stays with Carlos,
dialog: See
dialog: 
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
speaker_heading: T1A
speaker_heading: 71B
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 29.
scene_heading: INT. DEPARTURE AREA - SECURITY - NIGHT 70
text: Stepping up to the metal detector, Carlos suddenly
text: “remembers” that he is carrying his key ring - hands it to
text: the security guard who checks it. Hanging from the ring
text: is a tiny flashlight. In an adjacent line, Bond is having
dialog: his boarding pass checked. (The reason he bought the
text: ticket). He watches Carlos step through the detector,
text: without setting off the alarm. The guard hands him back
text: his keys. He retrieves the coat and zip bag from the x-
text: ray machine as Bond moves through the metal detector.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT SHOPPING MALL - NIGHT o 71
text: People everywhere. Bond keeping sight of Rf :) now walking
text: into a duty free emporium. He fase he on thes of
text: perfume on display. Bond gazes up at bis) partures screen
text: acting “normal”, but not before ae Svat ens him reflected
speaker_heading: aL
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: in one of the display’s vanity m s A passenger cart
text: crosses in front of Bond, moment, locking his vision.
text: When it clears, his quarry has,-v hed.
speaker_heading: ne wy JIA
scene_heading: INT. MENSWEAR SHOP - wets
text: Carlos goes into a chants 1d om and closes the curtain,
text: He unzips the bag, eee a security uniform.
speaker_heading: LL - NIGHT 71B
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT auooe
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Bond scans the people moving to and
dialog: Increasingly wor. hed,
text: fro in ec higveyes. Then he notices the zip bag in
text: the hands | ‘the, menswear shop assistant, looking for its
text: owner. pen and clothes are bulging out the top.
dialog: Bond iookg) “Repst ~- nothing unusual - passengers, shopping
text: fora, aches security men. Then the other. Heading
text: es door across the other side is a security
dialog: aiEference is he’s not wearing a side-arm. Bond
text: guieely but Carlos is at the door, punching a keypad.
text: s it and goes through. The door swings shut leaving
text: Bond “stranded.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. ADMIN AREA - NIGHT 72
text: Carlos moving past offices down a long corridor. He steps
text: back to allow a mail cart to pass - glances back at the
text: “NO ACCESS” door.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT SHOPPING MALL - NIGHT 73
text: Struggling to contain his frustration, Bond's eyes settle
text: en the keypad next to the door. He pulls out Dimitrios’
text: cellphone, brings up “ELLIPSIS”, punches the letters into
text: the keypad - the door opens and he is through.
dialog: a
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 30.
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: 74A
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: 78A
scene_heading: INT. ADMIN AREA - SECOND CORRIDOR - NIGHT 74
text: Turning into another corridor, Carlos passes a couple of
text: security officers walking the opposite way. He looks up,
text: sees a CCTV monitor. The image shows Bond walking down
text: the long corridor he has just come from. Carlos quickens
dialog: his pace...
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY AREA - NIGHT 774A
text: ...and moves down some stairs, sees security men coming
text: out of a locker room. Opposite is a canteen. Clearly
dialog: this is where the security department is hagseé More stairs
text: lead down to the outside where security vel eS eg are parked
text: up, their drivers, smoking and chatting. we cD
dialog: ~
scene_heading: INT, ADMIN AREA - CORRIDOR - NIGHT @) yyy 75
text: Bond calls on his handheld as he we 8)
speaker_heading: BOND €
dialog: It’s Bond for her. AOS
dialog: ar 16
dialog: as
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. BOILER ROOM - NIGHT,
dialog: 
text: Carlos enters, switches = he light, grabs a broom and
text: places the handle glass bulb of a fire sprinkler -
text: he smashes it.
dialog: “
scene_heading: INT. VILLIER’S
text: Villiers See in front of his computer. M
text: approaches er office and snatches up Villiers’ desk
dialog: phone. e@
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: = - MORNING 77
dialog: 
speaker_heading: yy VILLIERS
dialog: See s at Miami airport.
dialog: Q
dialog: ye (into phone)
dialog: Do you have any idea...?!
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR/OFFICES - NIGHT 78
text: Fire alarms scream, water gushes out of the sprinklers.
text: Bond takes the phone from his ear, runs towards the security
text: area but freaked employees spill into the corridor blocking
dialog: his way.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY/LOCKER ROOM - NIGHT 78A
text: Drenched security men run out of the locker room and
text: canteen, heading upstairs to help evacuate the area. The
text: men from outside jain in. One man seems completely unfazed
text: by the chaos.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 31.
speaker_heading: 738A
speaker_heading: 78B
dialog: 79
speaker_heading: 79A
speaker_heading: 79B
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 78A
text: Carlos calmly goes into the locker room, takes a gun from
text: amongst the discarded clothes and equipment, puts it in
text: his belt.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR - LEADING TO SECURITY AREA ~ NIGHT 78B
text: Panicking people barge past Bond. He's moving against the
text: tide, struggling to make headway. Now the security men
text: have arrived, yelling at everyone to stay calm. Nobody’s
text: listening. Bond may hear M’s voice but he chooses to ignore
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: M
dialog: (over the phone) Q
dialog: Bond! BOND! ce oF)
scene_heading: INT/EXT. STAIRS/LOCKER se NNT Va 79
text: Security vehicles screech to a One As the
text: security men are running up, carte going down. Bond
text: is now at the top of the stair ~~ inst the wall, letting
text: the men rush past, trying BS nprane of Carlos. The
text: spraying water makes it nO ossible.
dialog: x is ndheld)
scene_heading: BYOODY PHONE TO
dialog: “EELL ME WHAT THE HELL
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ‘Sy BOND
dialog: into handheld)
dialog: arms have been triggered,
dialog: klers are on, Something’s
dialog: There’s no target here.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SS M
dialog: S 5 What do you mean there’s no target?
dialog: It’s an airport, that is a target!
scene_heading: OUTSIDE SECURITY AREA - NIGHT T9A
text: Carlos is moving to one of the abandoned security cars.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY AREA - STAIRS ~- NIGHT 79B
text: Bond moving down the stairs,
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: There‘s no sign of a fire. This
text: is a diversion. Something else is
dialog: happening here M.
text: Bond sees Carlos getting in the car. He charges down,
text: taking the stairs two at a time. As he races through the
text: doors, the car speeds away, its blue light still flashing.
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
dialog: 84
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 32.
scene_heading: EXT. HANGAR ON FAR SIDE OF AIRFIELD - NIGHT 80
text: The hangar doors are opening revealing the nose of a huge
text: gleaming airliner. A temporary grandstand is being erected.
text: Catering vehicles are arriving, their ID’s being checked
dialog: by security.
scene_heading: INT. VILLIER’S OFFICE - MORNING 81
text: Villiers has found something on his computer.
speaker_heading: VILLIERS
text: The Boeing 777 prototype.
speaker_heading: M
dialog: What about it?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VILLIERS
dialog: The largest aeroplane tes aoe
dialog: It's being unveiled to; “at? Miami
dialog: airport.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD NEAR A LINE OF wis KTRCRAPT - NIGHT 82
dialog: 2ae-g)
text: Two fire engines scream est deveating Bond pounding down
dialog: the side of the rae S?
speaker_heading: y GHT 83
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: é
scene_heading: EXT. PARKED Tee
text: Carlos pulls up Kt Eo a fuel tanker standing beside a
text: dong haul Jevlener The driver is connecting the hose
dialog: when “On out.
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: S CARLOS
dialog: eG this truck out of here! It’s a
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Lon “ire emergency, can’t you hear the
dialog: KR Je Syalarm? !
dialog: é
text: The* rtled driver rewinds the hose. Carlos goes to the
text: truck’s petrol tank, opens it and, unseen by the driver,
text: takes out the small torch we saw on his key ring earlier.
text: He twists the base, igniting a tiny red light, drops it
text: into the tank. He pulls out a cellphone. On the screen
text: an equivalent red light flashes.
scene_heading: EXT. TARMAC - NEAR ROAD - NIGHT 84
text: Bond has moved onto the tarmac running under the parked
text: planes. Behind him more fire engines and police cars
text: heading for the emergency. He pulls up, gasping for breath.
text: Pivoting slowly, he scans the area, looking for the security
text: car. No sign, Then he sees it. The fuel tanker in the
text: distance, blue light reflected in the cab windows. The
text: car is hidden by the tanker but the reflection gives it
dialog: away.
dialog: 
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 33.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKED JETLINER - NIGHT 85
text: The tanker driver jumps into the cab, starts the engine.
text: The passenger door opens and Carlos drops in beside him.
text: Before the driver can utter a word Carlos breaks his neck.
text: He opens the door, kicks the body onto the tarmac. Putting
text: his gun and cellphone on the seat, Carlos drives off...
scene_heading: EXT. TARMAC - NIGHT 86
text: ...heading towards the runway. As the tanker picks up
text: speed Bond races to meet it. Carlos sees him, puts his
text: foot down. The tanker heads towards a row off
dialog: che launches
dialog: h
text: himself into the air and lands on top of pehe (eager.
dialog: N ey”
speaker_heading: BGO
text: sees Bond through the back window wrenches the wheel,
text: weaving the tanker, trying to thédw ‘Ain off.
dialog: parked mobile
text: stairways. As it passes, Bond charges up fe)
speaker_heading: CARLOS
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: ioving to its gate, drives
text: up onto it, run across
text: Carlos heads straight for a wien
dialog: Je avoid being swept off.
dialog: under the wing. Bond has =
dialog: and jump back onto the tan }
dialog: a
text: As he lands he loses his. ting, falls over the side,
text: ee m barely hold on. Carlos sees
text: manages to grab a Atr
text: this in his wing mi eads for an approaching tow tug.
text: He deliberately gcrapes the side of it. Bond has to let
dialog: go or be crushed-
dialog: We Sw
dialog: 
text: He hits th eu d, rolls and is on his feet running towards
text: the stoppe ug, He throws the driver off, leaps aboard
text: and driv x the tanker, now heading towards the “live”
scene_heading: Exg.))- ‘AR ON OTHER SIDE OF RUNWAY - NIGHT 87
text: ifig vehicle is being hooked up to the airliner.
text: Outs2de, the activity has increased. Network TV vans can
text: be seen, camera platforms are being erected.
scene_heading: EXT. TARMAC - NIGHT 88
text: Bond maneuvers alongside the tanker. Carlos rams into the
text: side of the tow tug. Bond is almost thrown off, recovers,
text: slams into the tanker, trying to turn it away from the
text: fast approaching runway. Carlos is hurled across the cab.
text: The cell phone falls to the floor. He grabs his gun, starts
text: firing down at Bond. Bond rams the tanker, throwing Carlos
text: back. Security vehicles are racing towards the scene.
scene_heading: EXT. HANGAR ON OTHER SIDE OF RUNWAY - NIGHT 89
text: Slowly the airliner is being towed out under the guidance
dialog: of ground crew.
dialog: 
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 34.
scene_heading: EXT. TARMAC - NIGHT 90
text: Cutting in front of Bond, Carlos swerves around a row of
text: freestanding gangways. Suddenly a moving baggage train
text: crosses in front of him. The tanker hits it, dead center
text: smashing the cages, spraying luggage into the air. Bond
text: manages to steer around the front of the train, saving the
dialog: drivers life.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: At the game moment an empty “caterpillar” bus going in the
text: opposite direction crosses his path. Bond throws himself
text: onto the floor. The tow tug goes straight through the
text: middle “concertina” section, cutting the bug“in two. The
text: tanker emerging from the wreckage of the 33 e train
text: hits the severed back half of the bus, sp{hn rape off to
text: one side. The impact shatters the win: d}-4nd causes
text: the tanker to go into a sideways skid, 3 .
speaker_heading: EXONS
text: Carlos hits the starter, punches fil ajeclerator, Bond,
text: seizing the moment, is off the tg , vunning for the
text: tanker. As it roars off he leaps-oni the running board,
text: gets inside the cab. Both m eb ¥t pummeling each other.
text: They’re oblivious to the..
dialog: ar
dialog: : (2S. : :
text: Security vehicles, now nina. Gun shots ring out
dialog: 3
text: as the men open ie een screams into his radio:
speaker_heading: “A 0: DER
dialog: Hold 4eu !
text: But the dama: i \pne, Fuel is spurting out bullet holes
dialog: in the tank, ON ,
scene_heading: Ce OTHER SIDE OF RUNWAY - NIGHT 91
dialog: Oe /)
dialog: in
dialog: EXT.
text: The- fli: Y is almost out of the hangar.
speaker_heading: KR JEN YY?
scene_heading: 6 ~<_yptuac - NEAR RUNWAY - NIGHT 92
text: the Denker is close to the runway. Bond and Carlos are
text: fighting in the confined space of the cab. Carlos slams
text: him against the broken windshield. To his horror Bond
text: sees a 747 touching down. They’re on a collision course.
text: As the tanker crosses the runway, the frantic pilot just
text: manages to lift the plane, skimming the top of the tanker.
text: The security vehicles have come to a halt, panicked by
dialog: what they have just seen.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. HANGAR ON OTHER SIDE OF RUNWAY ~- NIGHT 93
text: Security men are yelling instructions, telling the workers
text: to move. The Chief Security Officer is listening to urgent
text: instructions spilling from his radio. He can see the tanker
text: heading straight towards them.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 93A
dialog: 94
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 35.
scene_heading: EXT. TARMAC - NIGHT 93A
text: Carlos tries to use his gun but Bond smashes his hand
text: against the dash loosening his grip. Bond takes it. Carlos
text: grasps Bond’s wrist preventing him from firing. He gasps
text: as Bond grips him in a choke hold. Despite this he makes
text: a deliberate move to steer the tanker towards the airliner.
text: He smashes Bond with his elbow and heaves him through the
text: shattered windshield. Bond manages to cling onto the edge
text: of the screen with one hand and still keep hold of the gun
text: in the other. Carlos thumps his boot onto Bond’s knuckles.
text: He lets go, almost drops under the tanker, manages to get
text: a grip on the fender. With his legs china on the
text: concrete he can barely hold on. a BY flash
text: past, the airliner rushes towards him.
text: Carlos reaches under the seat, feeling(/ SP “cell phone.
text: Bond aims under the tanker at ene e, shoots. It
text: explodes, the tanker weaves. oe the wheel, keeps
text: control. Bond blasts the coher fas re, but still the
text: tanker holds its course. marie oe Hand finds the cell
text: phone and pulls it out. The pend on top of the
text: airliner. He’s about to IBS button when Bond shoots
text: out the front tire.
text: The tanker yaws wistenaley skids sideways, the wheel rims
text: sending up showers (oF ( spi Carlos is hurled against
text: the door, drops the hone’. “ine tanker grinds to a halt,
dialog: half an inch fre@ "rhe sairliner.
text: reaches in: e cab, pulls out the cell phone, puts his
text: finger on ep ton. A shot rings out. A surprised look
dialog: crosses | ade.
text: The door ope Athe yf shattered Carlos staggers out, He
text: gk soft to~ Je ground revealing Bond standing behind him,
dialog: a
speaker_heading: el VEHICLES
text: Scream up and surround Bond, men aiming weapons, shouting
text: for him to put his gun down. He does so and raises his
dialog: arms.
scene_heading: INT. STOCKBROKER OFFICE - LONDON - DAY 94
speaker_heading: TRADER
dialog: (seated behind desk,
dialog: on telephone)
dialog: The puts expired. I‘m sorry, I’m
dialog: not sure yet how much you’ve lost.
dialog: 
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: ee
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 36.
scene_heading: INT. LE CHIFFRE'S YACHT -- MORNING 95
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: One hundred and one million, two
dialog: hundred and six thousand dollars.
text: He hangs up, takes a hit from his inhaler, turns to KRATT.
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE (CONT'D)
dialog: Someone talked.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT POLICE LOCKUP - MIAMI -- DAY 96
text: Bond waits alone behind bars. He hears i Qe and looks
text: up. Villiers approaches with a guard, -whe Leeks the
dialog: cell. _ € )
scene_heading: EXT. DIMITRIOS ESTATE -- DAY RES - 97
speaker_heading: . AN
dialog: ay . ve Gf
speaker_heading: (CoN
text: A helicopter lands at the bac of ‘He large colonial house.
text: Bond and Villiers step out, @\past an ambulance and
dialog: police vehicles to the bac
dialog: Go
scene_heading: INT. DIMITRIOS HOUSE - Roe -- DAY 98
speaker_heading: NY
dialog: soy
text: An MI6 CSI team c a (ch) eine scene. Solange lies
text: lifeless on the white Gavpet. Bond stops dead at the sight.
speaker_heading: EIS
dialog: Ok
dialog: Gabe THePoay count you're stacking
dialog: 
dialog: 4
dialog: Bond can em
dialog: on AR dD ;
speaker_heading: cS M (CONT'D)
dialog: K)-Nysne was tortured first. As you'd
dialog: “')" already killed her husband she
dialog: of must have been the only one left
dialog: to question. Did she know anything
dialog: that could compromise you?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: M
dialog: Not your name, what you were
dialog: after...
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: «No.
text: We can't tell if she believes him, but she turns and walks
text: out the back. Bond finally breaks away and joins M...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 98
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 98
text: IN THE BACK YARD
text: Where Bond is once again in full emotional armor. M walks
text: him around the pool.
speaker_heading: M
dialog: Dimitrios worked as middle man,
dialog: always knew how to put his hands
dialog: on weapons and people who could
dialog: use them. Worked with anyone who
dialog: had the money. For years he was
dialog: tied to a man we knew as Le Chiffre;
dialog: private banker to terrorists aes)
dialog: organized crime. He invested t.
dialog: money and gave them agcess | re se
dialog: wherever they needed it.
text: took a disliking to him attee (coyse OD
text: Storm and cut off his héa
dialog: 
text: Bond tries hard not to show sven e of remorse. M
text: sees a man approaching with a br ae pase, snapping on rubber
dialog: gloves. iS
dialog: kh
dialog: Oh good, yea) i
dialog: (to fouls
dialog: Roll up Atou hays ve.
dialog: following the man in the rubber
dialog: He does so Ul
text: gloves swabs his t ‘and prepares something that looks
text: like a “eS ‘YM shows Bond file photos of Le Chiffre.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: eps M (CONT'D)
dialog: flian, we believe. Chess
dialog: (hier. bit of a mathematical
dialog: SY Ce nius Loved to prove it by
dialog: laying poker.
dialog: ron
text: sonateche the technician load a pea-sized pod into the
text: n and fire it into the backside of his wrist. THWACK!
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (to M)
dialog: So you can keep track of me?
text: The technician exits.
speaker_heading: M
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (and on)
dialog: When they analyzed the stock market
dialog: after 9/11 the CIA discovered there
dialog: had been massive shorting of airline
dialog: stocks. When the stocks hit bottom
dialog: on 9/12 somebody made a fortune.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: i aaa alata
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 38.
speaker_heading: 98 CONTINUED: (2) 98
speaker_heading: M (CONT'D)
dialog: The same thing happened this morning
dialog: Samer” with Boeing stock -- or was supposed
dialog: to. With their prototype destroyed
dialog: the company would have been near
dialog: bankruptcy. Instead, someone lost
dialog: over a hundred million dollars,
dialog: betting the wrong way.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: You're thinking Mr. Le Chiffre
dialog: isn't quite as dead as he should
dialog: be?
speaker_heading: M
dialog: (hands him fax)
dialog: Which would explain how he
dialog: able to set up a high
text: game at Casino Royale in’
dialog: Ten players, ten millign.
dialog: buy-in, five million xe . Winner-
dialog: takes-all. Potentidi ly 2 hinazed
dialog: and fifty million;
dialog: 23y
dialog: @
dialog: B Re <
dialog: So, we know jh: he'll be. You
dialog: want a Cs) er do you want
dialog: to send a ssage?
dialog: és .
speaker_heading: M
dialog: We nt bm alive. Le Chiffre
dialog: eeR have 100 million to lose.
speaker_heading: NY
speaker_heading: & BOND
dialog: 0) he was playing the market with
dialog: se “nis clients! funds. They won't
dialog: Ylike it when they find out it's
dialog: " ‘y one.
speaker_heading: YY g
text: M hedds back INTO THE HOUSE, Bond walks with her.
speaker_heading: M
dialog: If he loses this game, he'll have
dialog: nowhere to run. We'll give him
dialog: sanctuary in return for everything
dialog: he knows. We're putting you in
text: the game, replacing someone playing
dialog: for a syndicate. According to
dialog: Villiers, you are the best player
dialog: in the service. Trust me, I wish
dialog: that wasn't the case.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: They are standing over Solange's body.
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 
dialog: \ssued to Production Dec 20, 2005 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 98
speaker_heading: M (CONT'D)
dialog: I would ask if you can remain
dialog: emotionally detached, but I don't
dialog: think that's your problem, is it
dialog: Bond?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: No.
text: Satisfied, she turns on her heel.
speaker_heading: M
dialog: Don't worry about keeping in touch?’
dialog: we'll know where you are. P
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. REMOTE RAIL STATION, ALPS -- ames 99
text: A helicopter lifts off. A train ws in the distance.
text: Bond steps onto the deserted platft 2)
speaker_heading: WY
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN COMPARTMENT, TRAVELANG <) LATE AFTERNOON 100
speaker_heading: SO
text: JOHN BLISS reaches for an S om a fruit plate. As he
text: raises it we notice the 1 OB) | omputer on his tray, the
text: DVD player showing a coyeeely: ecorded card game -- split
text: screens of the player's- and poker hand. A stack of
text: disks with player afes\|Ye beside the computer. The
text: door opens and Ron = into his compartment.
speaker_heading: SO bon
dialog: Mi < Bbéss?
speaker_heading: KS BLISS
dialog: eC Jgoor was locked.
text: Bliss § be~his cell phone and presses an autodial button.
dialog: A)
speaker_heading: x) BOND
dialog: \ An eye for detail, I'm sure you're
dialog: an excellent poker player.
dialog: (re: DVD player)
dialog: Though a little homework never hurts.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BLISS
dialog: I've just called my security.
text: Three dark-suited serious types turn the sharp corner in
text: the corridor and stride toward the door. Upon seeing them:
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (impressed)
dialog: My. That was quick.
text: Without a pause the lead man chloroforms Bliss. They lift
text: him and whisk him out the door.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 100
speaker_heading: BOND (CONT'D)
dialog: (cheerily enough)
dialog: Thank you.
text: Bond closes the door behind them, plunks down on the seat
text: and watches the play, taking a bite from Bliss' apple.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN COMPARTMENT, TRIESTE STATION -- LATE DAY 101
text: Bond has a drink in his hand and Bliss' portable DVD player
text: on his lap, studying the technique of one of the players.
text: He rubs his eyes and glances out of the window as the train
text: pulls into a station.
text: ON THE PLATFORM a BEAUTIFUL WOMAN in cas Sa strides
dialog: a
text: purposefully to board the train. His her every
text: move. She disappears and he toadk Seay
scene_heading: INT. DINING CAR, TRAVELING -- anda) 102
text: Bond looks up from his menu toes ‘the beauty from the
text: platform enter the dining ca seating a no-nonsense
text: but well-fitted suit. om OF €o his table.
dialog: or
dialog: Every-péenny sof it
dialog: DVD.
text: Vesper sits, rts look, Bond feigns innocence. She
text: hands over ngs card, the type every bureaucrat has.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: & VESPER
dialog: e ©, treasury has agreed to stake you
dialog: oo Ry the game.
dialog: Ky
speaker_heading: € ») BOND
dialog: N. (examining card)
dialog: 'Vesper'? I hope you gave your
dialog: parents hell for that.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: (accepts menu from
dialog: porter)
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (to Bond)
dialog: Your boss must have some influence.
dialog: I've never seen so much go out the
text: door so quickly.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Or so stylishly. May I ask where
dialog: it is?
dialog: 
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 102
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: Ten million was wired to your
dialog: account in Montenegro, with a
dialog: contingency for five million more,
dialog: if I deem it a prudent investment.
dialog: (as if "just curious":)
dialog: I suppose you've given some thought
dialog: to the notion that if you lose,
dialog: our government will have directly
dialog: financed terrorism.
dialog: (re: menu)
dialog: What looks good?
text: Bond studies her with a smile, signals vag Gadyer.
dialog: ei )
scene_heading: INT. DINING CAR, TRAVELING -- NIGHT SNy Co
dialog: 4d) lanascape Bond
dialog: 103
text: As the train rattles through the Acai
text: and Vesper are finishing the meal)
speaker_heading: OA
speaker_heading: —
scene_heading: VESPER. -.*~°}
dialog: Oh, so, you're telli eitts a
dialog: matter of probabitity and odds; I
dialog: was worried the hess some chance
dialog: involved.
dialog: ER)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SER
dialog: Only if obs umes that the person
dialog: with 2st hand always wins.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Sy VESPER
dialog: ip t would be what you call
speaker_heading: Y
dialog: A
speaker_heading: — p@D
speaker_heading: LS
dialog: 7You know the term. Then you may
dialog: SS) have also heard that in poker you
dialog: don't play your hand, you play the
dialog: v man across from you.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (can play right back)
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: And you're good at reading people.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Which is why I've been able to
dialog: detect the undercurrent of sarcasm
dialog: in your voice.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: I am now assured our money is in
dialog: good hands.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 42.
speaker_heading: 103 CONTINUED :
dialog: Vesper pr
dialog: pretends
dialog: Then this
dialog: 103
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: From which one might surmise you
dialog: aren't overwhelmingly supportive
dialog: of this plan of action.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: So there is a plan? Excellent.
dialog: Somehow I got the impression we
dialog: were risking ten million dollars
dialog: and hundreds of people's lives on
dialog: a game of luck. What else can you
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: surmise?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: About you?.
dialog: (studies ‘her, enjoying ae
dialog: this) C
dialog: Well. Your beauty is 2 eget
dialog: You worry that you won' tNbe
dialog: seriously..
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VESPER / er» >
dialog: Which one can “yor S attractive
dialog: woman with me eos
dialog: Gs < overcompensates
dialog: tly masculine
dialog: Al 4, being more aggressive
dialog: le colleagues, which
text: gi hef7“a somewhat prickly
dialog: anor and, ironically, makes
dialog: s likely to be accepted and
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: (ee ted by her male superiors,
dialog: oe mistake her insecurity for
dialog: ‘rogance. I would normally have
dialog: said only child, but by the way
dialog: Yyou ignored the quip about your
dialog: name and your parents I would go
dialog: with... orphan?
dialog: etends not to be both stung and impressed. Bond
text: not to gloat. She sizes him up.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: All right.
text: trips off her tongue at light speed:
speaker_heading: VESPER (CONT'D)
dialog: By the cut of your suit you went
dialog: to Oxford or wherever and actually
dialog: think human beings dress like that.
dialog: But you wear it with such disdain,
dialog: that my guess is you didn't come
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 43.
speaker_heading: 103 CONTINUED:
dialog: (2) 103
speaker_heading: VESPER (CONT'D)
dialog: from money and all your school
dialog: chums rubbed that in your face
dialog: every day, which means you were at
dialog: that school by the grace of someone
dialog: else's charity, hence the chip on
dialog: your shoulder. And since your
dialog: first thought about me ran to
dialog: orphan, that's what I'd say you
dialog: are.
dialog: {sees a slight reaction)
dialog: Oo, you are. I like this poker
dialog: thing. And that makes perfect «
dialog: sense, since MI6é looks for Q Qe
dialog: maladjusted young men who'd gi , OD
dialog: little thought to sacrificin exh
dialog: in order to protect queen a e
dialog: country. You know, aed
dialog: types with easy mee expensive
dialog: watches-~-
dialog: (re: his)
dialog: --Rolex? ee
dialog: --Omega.
dialog: - beautify ex having just met
dialog: you Fue ih't go as far as calling
dialog: you a Se hearted bastard--
speaker_heading: w® Ger BOND
dialog: o urse not--
speaker_heading: & VESPER
dialog: <but it wouldn't be a stretch to
dialog: 
dialog: _ SSyinagine that you think of women as
dialog: disposable pleasures rather than
dialog: meaningful pursuits, so as charming
dialog: as you are, I will be keeping my
dialog: eye on our government's money and
dialog: off your perfectly formed ass.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: You noticed.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: Even accountants have imaginations.
dialog: How was your lamb?
speaker_heading: BOND
text: Skewered. One sympathizes.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: Good evening, Mr. Bond.
dialog: 
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 44.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 103
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Good evening, Miss Lynd.
text: And he watches her walk away, breathless and in wonder.
scene_heading: EXT. MONTENEGRO -- DAY 104
text: SUPERIMPOSE: MONTENEGRO as a train arrives at a town in
text: the hills, dominated by the fading grandeur of the CASINO
speaker_heading: ROYALE.
scene_heading: EXT. RAIL STATION ~~ DAY 105
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Bond and his porter catch up with Vesper, fe iently
text: rolling her own bags. They head for thepwat
dialog: ee eg) car.
text: Vesper can't help but notice the nD ed:policemen
dialog: on patrol.
speaker_heading: BOND a)
dialog: Did you have a good ao
dialog: casio
dialog: Yes, only vee ote SY eurnea
dialog: by nightmares o “ical and
dialog: financial pa
dialog: It's so x Np as a citizen,
dialog: to k oY ats, eo are concerned
dialog: about Se anes
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: wae agents pay taxes?
speaker_heading: (a, BOND
dialog: unfair as that seems.
text: Bere to herself.
speaker_heading: SY
speaker_heading: BOND (CONT'D)
dialog: What's that in response to?
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: Picturing you filling out your tax
dialog: form. Can one deduct for bullets
dialog: and poison darts?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Under standard business expenses.
text: The driver meets them and takes Vesper's bags.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Hotel Splendide, sir?
dialog: 
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 105
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Yes.
text: Vesper climbs into the back seat. Bond tips the porter
text: and in return is slipped an envelope. Vesper notices.
scene_heading: INT. TOWN CAR -- CONTINUOUS 106
text: Bond slides in the other side, opens the envelope, which
text: appears to contain two passports. Bond raises the privacy
text: partition as he scans the accompanying note.
speaker_heading: BOND fe
dialog: Last minute details. We are O-
speaker_heading: : ONS
dialog: apparently very much in love. Ne te )
dialog: os
dialog: é
speaker_heading: VESPER (F
dialog: Do you usually leave i “porters
dialog: to tell you this sort on bed ig?
dialog: or
dialog: .
dialog: \
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Only when the roma:
dialog: necessarily brief: ‘
dialog: Arlington Beech (ioe
dialog: gambler. You e\Miss Stephanie
dialog: Broadchest . pos,
dialog: C\Y
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: We
dialog: @, grab for it)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: eps it)
speaker_heading: K
dialog: 2% eed to trust me on this.
speaker_heading: O
dialog: ex
speaker_heading: & VESPER
dialog: \70h no, I don't.
dialog: Ms
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (re; note)
dialog: We've been dating for several
dialog: months, hence the shared suite.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: However we are trying to keep up
dialog: appearances because of my strict
dialog: Roman Catholic family, so it will
dialog: be a two bedroom suite.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I hate that religion is coming
dialog: between us.
dialog: 
dialog: 106
dialog: See?
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 
dialog: issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 106
speaker_heading: VESPER
text: Religion and a securely locked
dialog: door. Am I going to have a problem
dialog: with you, Bond?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: No, don't worry, you aren't my
dialog: type.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: Smart?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Single.
speaker_heading: && oO
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL SPLENDIDE -- DAY ey OG 107
text: The town car stops at the main an .
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL SPLENDIDE - LOBBY -- BAY 108
dialog: 
dialog: ON <3
text: The beautiful FRONT DESK cuEpt | S up from the reception
dialog: desk to see Bond and Vespe Ow
speaker_heading: ROH
speaker_heading: FE K CLERK
dialog: Welcome to fe Regel Splendide.
dialog: Your nai x irs
dialog: a
dialog: James You'll find the
dialog: re vat under "Beech."
text: He enjoys mel Ag Vesper react. The receptionist has the
text: ear ng and slips it over the counter.
dialog: 
scene_heading: ~— FRONT DESK CLERK
dialog: ion \Satelcone, Mr. Bond.
speaker_heading: Y BOND
dialog: (to Vesper)
dialog: You sign it, dear, you're the one
dialog: representing the Treasury.
text: Vesper glares at him, signs.
speaker_heading: FRONT DESK CLERK
dialog: Thank you. I'll have your bags
dialog: sent right up.
text: Vesper snatches her key and storms off toward the elevator,
text: where Bond catches up.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: You must crack yourself up, Stupid
dialog: schoolboy prank, was that meant to
dialog: impress me or something?
dialog: re"
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: If Le Chiffre is that well
dialog: connected, he already knows who I
dialog: am and where the money is coming
dialog: from. A player swapped at the
text: last moment is about as obvious a
dialog: ploy as one can imagine. Which
dialog: means he's decided to play me
dialog: anyway, so he is either desperate
dialog: or overly confident. Either way,
dialog: it tells me something about him,
dialog: and in return, all he gets is a
dialog: name he already has, And he'll ,#
dialog: have to wonder why I gave it; w iG)
dialog: will have him thinking about t Ee)
dialog: and not about his cards. sy, ke”
dialog: yy
speaker_heading: VESPER AQ
dialog: But he doesn't play his shea , he
dialog: om 8
dialog: plays the man across f,
dialog: And now he knows so
dialog: you. He knows you
dialog: (elevator do ~
dialog: Take the next o te ere isn't
dialog: room enough Ee d your ego.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: She hits the buttog ofa ¥p doors close. As Bond smarts
text: from the remark the\g. sxk’ skips up with a manilla envelope.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ES S
scene_heading: AN FRONT DESK CLERK
dialog: Mey gondly This was left for you.
speaker_heading: NN
speaker_heading: SJ
speaker_heading: CS BOND
text: Shi xP off. He opens the manilla envelope and tips the
text: coat ats mto his palm: a key on a fob: Aston Martin.
dialog: ~ 5
scene_heading: EXT> RKING AREA - ASTON MARTIN -- DAY
dialog: 
text: Bond strides up to the brand new gun-metal grey Aston
text: Martin. He slides in and quickly checks it out. He pulls
text: a note out of the torn envelope, reads it.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I love you, too, M,
text: He pops the glove compartment and pulls out the interior
text: lining, revealing a gun and something labelled MEDIPAC.
text: He takes the gun and closes the compartment, drops the gun
text: in the manilla envelope, seals it and strides back to the
dialog: hotel.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL ROADS, MONTENEGRO ~-- DAY
text: Bond and Vesper breeze along in the Aston.
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
dialog: ne!
dialog: 
dialog: 110
dialog: lil
dialog: 112
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 110
text: She keeps her attention focused on the scenery, pointedly
text: ignoring Bond. But she can't resist glancing over just
text: once and Bond catches the look, before she returns to the
text: passing scenery.
scene_heading: EXT. HILLTOP TOWN, RESTAURANT -- DAY 111
text: The Aston snakes through the narrow streets and arrives in
text: the town square. They park and walk toward a restaurant,
text: passing armed militia and men in dark glasses. One man
text: pays particular attention to them -- call him MATHIS.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT TERRACE Oy 112
text: New Money types lunch. Mathis waves at af ©!)
speaker_heading: MATHIS Nay @ yy
dialog: Over here <)
dialog: (as they approach) ow
dialog: Renee Mathis. I know yet two
dialog: are. Are you thirst Re
speaker_heading: OS
text: Bond takes two glasses of fe from the waitress.
dialog: 2
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Bu
dialog: 
dialog: ese doak
dialog: ean Ber
dialog: You, sean -
dialog: és
text: She gives him a a takes the champagne. Mathis offers
text: her his arm a théy stroll toward the bar.
speaker_heading: MATHIS
dialog: ow, I used to hate husband
dialog: Qe wife covers. Before she stuck
dialog: out here, M would consistently
dialog: Sypair me with a defected Latvian
dialog: wrestler or the Scottish shot-
dialog: putting champion.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: Mr. Bond believes that covers are
dialog: archaic.
speaker_heading: MATHIS
dialog: Huh. Well, there's something to
dialog: be said for that; it usually doesn't
dialog: take long for either side to find
text: out all the players on the field,
dialog: does it?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Does he know we've been watching
dialog: him?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 49.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 112
speaker_heading: MATHIS
dialog: Le Chiffre? I don't think so.
dialog: Probably because there's no "we",
dialog: just "me". I'm afraid if you get
dialog: in trouble here the Calvary won't
text: be coming over the nearest hill.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Le Chiffre arrived yesterday and
dialog: spent the time reestablishing old
dialog: relationships. The Chief of Police
dialog: and he are now quite close.
speaker_heading: ARS
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: 2
dialog: That could make life serene,
dialog: v
dialog: MATHIS i me 2
dialog: (checks his watch) oY Da
dialog: And possibly shorter - SES rot!
dialog: very subtle man. He's se L g
dialog: over my left shoulder
dialog: 
text: BUSHY MOUSTACHE sitting wi n much too young for
text: Mathis never turns. Bond gla ois eft to see a MAN with a
dialog: a
dialog: him.
dialog: aa
text: The man ffi Yshoe-brush on his
dialog: face. We t about trying to
dialog: buy 4 ces but frankly
dialog: coungn earfora to out-bid Le
dialog: 
dialog: Ch: wig
text: Behind matte. ICE VEHICLES scream up into the square.
text: Mathis c y heard the brakes screeching but he doesn't
text: look. pb ok uniformed cops jump out and charge the
text: a glances at Mathis, concerned that the cops
text: for them. Mathis seems oblivious.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: see
speaker_heading: MATHIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I hate to say it, but the accountants
dialog: seem to be running MI6é these days.
dialog: (to Vesper)
dialog: Not that I have anything against
dialog: accountants. Many of them are lovely
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: Thank you.
text: Standing beside James, Vesper has also noticed the phalanx
text: of approaching cops but is determined not to panic.
speaker_heading: MATHIS
dialog: So, I decided it was cheaper to
dialog: supply his deputy with evidence
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: \ssued to Production Dec 20, 2005 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 112
speaker_heading: MATHIS (CONT'D)
dialog: that we were bribing the Chief.
dialog: It's amazing what you can do with
dialog: Photoshop these days, isn't it?
text: The men surround the Police Chief and lead him away. Mathis
text: only now glances in that direction, making eye contact
text: with the DEPUTY who appears to be in charge.
speaker_heading: MATHIS (CONT'D)
dialog: His deputy proved to be more
dialog: amenable. And reasonably priced.
dialog: I think your odds are improving,
dialog: Mister Bond. AS
dialog: being
dialog: They pay no attention to the former Pee
text: manhandled into the car.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: You'll excuse me. Le
dialog: 
dialog: 2
text: Vesper takes her drink and w wGrsro the edge of the
dialog: terrace to take in the wo. sy”
dialog: For someone showers at the
dialog: Treasury, the itl has nerve; didn't
text: flinch at ‘t#ttle show.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: = SS
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Ye I wOvidered where you were
dialog: RK Kytth that.
speaker_heading: MATHIS
dialog: ce to know now who you can trust
dialog: der pressure.
text: dos her, her back to them.
speaker_heading: MATHIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Beauty, brains and courage, almost
text: an irresistible combination.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: You're quite the romantic, Mathis.
speaker_heading: MATHIS
dialog: (amused)
dialog: And you're immune?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: No. But I've found that the only
dialog: person you want really close to
dialog: you is someone you can use as a
dialog: shield. I'm afraid she's so tiny
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 112
speaker_heading: BOND (CONT'D)
dialog: the bullets would pass right through
dialog: her. Last thing one needs is a
dialog: woman hanging on your gun arm.
text: Mathis laughs and drinks with Bond.
scene_heading: INT. BOND & VESPER'S SUITE - VESPER'S BATHROOM -- EVENING 113
text: Vesper drops onto the seat in her spacious bathroom. She
text: dumps her makeup onto the counter, looks at herself in the
text: mirror and considers the job at hand. As she opens her
text: first bottle there is a rap at the door. ©
dialog: “
speaker_heading: VESPER CE,
dialog: Yes? KP?
dialog: A
text: The bathroom door opens and James’\swings:’aA garment bag
text: into the room, hangs it on the ho on)) the back of the
dialog: 
dialog: door.
dialog: sown
dialog: Something I pickgg aH a little
dialog: place nearby.
dialog: x)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I need u looking fabulous, so
dialog: th whet}¥you walk up behind me
dialog: oH me on the neck, the players
dialog: from me will be thinking
dialog: (ge your neckline and not about
dialog: t phir cards. Do you think you can
dialog: c&
dialog: aN f N andle that?
speaker_heading: RQ yy VESPER
dialog: SY I'll do my best.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Thank you, my dear.
text: He exits and we FOLLOW BOND back to
speaker_heading: HIS BEDROOM 114
text: where he stops dead. He sees...
speaker_heading: A GARMENT BAG
text: Lying on his bed.
scene_heading: BACK IN VESPER'S BATHROOM 115
text: He pushes open the door, the garment bag from the bed hung
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 
dialog: issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 115
text: from his finger. She doesn't turn from the mirror.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I have a tuxedo.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: I've seen it. There are tuxedos,
dialog: dear and there are tuxedos. This
dialog: is the latter. And I need you
text: looking like a man who belongs at
dialog: that table.
speaker_heading: BOND ©
dialog: (how?)
dialog: -It's tailored. RQ
speaker_heading: VESPER Py ~
dialog: Oh, I sized you up the frome Ga
dialog: met. ew )
text: She still hasn't looked at nin Buy) Bond likes the answer.
text: He considers, takes it and on he smiles at her image
dialog: in the mirror and goes mete we
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: IN HIS BATHROOM 116
dialog: James pulls on thi Ce if she isn't right. We
dialog: thought he looked Se coy 28 last tux, he looks amazing
dialog: in this one. he gS the difference, and is amused
text: that she actual \ghowed him something. He turns away
text: from the mir turns back.
text: Vesper pause in the open bathroom doorway,
dialog: He doesn't in
dialog: ke) the act.
dialog: catching
text: SS laugh bursts from Vesper's lips as she walks
dialog: anv6.
dialog: ney art realizes he's been observed in this private
text: at) He looks back at the mirror and considers himself.
dialog: 
scene_heading: IN SSPER'S BEDROOM 117
text: She lays the garment bag on her bed and sits on the edge
text: of it, shakes her hair out, and then looks back toward
text: James' room. And considers him anew.
scene_heading: IN JAMES' BEDROOM 118
text: James opens a deck of cards and fans them expertly across
text: a table.
scene_heading: EXT. CASINO ROYALE -- NIGHT 119
text: Bond saunters across the street from the hotel and arrives
text: at the elegant, if time-worn, Casino.
dialog: oven”
dialog: Som
dialog: 
dialog: 120
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 53.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO ROYALE -- NIGHT 120
text: Bond passes through the metal detector, moves through the
text: busy casino and enters the velvet-roped salle privee. He
text: eyes LE CHIFFRE, who approaches.
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE
dialog: You must be Mr. Bliss' replacement.
dialog: But is it Beech or Bond? I'ma
text: little confused.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: We certainly wouldn't want that.
text: Bond steps past and joins the others On Q yy the
dialog: dealer.
speaker_heading: DEALER, -
dialog: (gets their attenti e
dialog: Ladies and genttenen - ce ae is
dialog: no limit Tenez “ewgl 28) five
dialog: communal cards, cue ge hole,
dialog: minimum stake $1Q< he hole,
dialog: Mendel here ome the Banco
dialog: de Credito Mor eregro ‘0, holding the
dialog: stakes. Sy
dialog: 
text: As the BANKER (MEND) ‘talks, we examine the players: an
text: Argentinean bid , Gallardo; a long-haired Japanese
dialog: software king, ; the deposed African dictator,
text: Infante, as 1 ag$“an American, Wolpert; a Russian,
dialog: nag oral sae hinese woman from the yacht, Madame Wu,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: and Italia: mogul Tomelli and a German countess,
speaker_heading: Grafin M 5
speaker_heading: é \ MENDEL
dialog: “& a \/Monsieurs et Madame, you have each
dialog: * € y) deposited ten million dollars.
dialog: Le Further buy-ins of five million
dialog: will be by electronic transfer.
dialog: The money will remain in escrow
dialog: until I return and the winner of
dialog: the contest enters his or her
dialog: password into
text: He opens an attaché case with a screen and cowled keyboard.
speaker_heading: MENDEL (CONT'D)
dialog: .the encryptor, whereupon the
dialog: entire sum will be wired to any
dialog: bank account in the world you
dialog: nominate. Mister Bond, we proceed
dialog: alphabetically, please be so kind
dialog: as to enter a password of your
dialog: choice.
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 54.
speaker_heading: 120 CONTINUED: 120
text: He swivels the machine away from the others. Bond steps up.
speaker_heading: Sion MENDEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Six letters or more,
text: Bond thinks of a password, smiles, punches the keys.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT:
text: Le Chiffre takes a seat at the table, Bond deliberately
text: takes the seat facing him. The banker closes his case and
text: the remaining players take their seats.
dialog: a
speaker_heading: MENDEL (CONT'D) Ss =
dialog: Gentlemen. When I return, one’)
dialog: you will be the winner of a ,-- SS Ke
dialog: considerable fortune. Good ap”
speaker_heading: oN
text: rg, who takes a squirt
dialog: “second his eyes
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: from his inhaler. For a fractio#%
text: glaze over.
speaker_heading: aX “
dialog: The Dealer distributes sin ESS Ss.
dialog: wed
speaker_heading: R
dialog: High care rente
text: A Jack falls in tag bent Le Chiffre meets his eyes.
dialog: 
dialog: The players nod - except for Le &
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NS DEALER (CONT'D)
dialog: Misr Bond. Monsieur Gallardo,
dialog: ae persienne; Signor Tomelli,
dialog: é/persienne. That is to say, a
dialog: “Blind of ten thousand dollars, a
dialog: tle blind of five.
dialog: 121 nieve : 121
text: The ds are shuffled. Bond cuts the cards. The cards
text: ealt face-down.
dialog: It
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Rather than examine his own cards, Bond watches each player,
text: looking for reactions. No-one gives anything away.
text: Bond notices Mathis at the bar. And the game commences.
text: Fukutu, the first to have to bet, folds his cards. The
text: next player is Infante, the exiled dictator:
speaker_heading: INFANTE
dialog: Twenty thousand.
text: Le Chiffre nods and puts in the same. He betrays no emotion.
text: “eee! Bond looks at his cards. TWO RED ACES. The briefest of
text: glances, no reaction, aware of Le Chiffre's eyes upon him.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: epee
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 121
text: The three players to his right fold.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Twenty thousand.
text: Tomelli, the Italian, throws his cards away.
text: The Dealer lays down the FLOP. While all other eyes are
text: on the three community cards, Bond's are on the players!
dialog: reactions to them.
text: Gallardo is neutral. Infante is visibly, if _Bimost
text: imperceptibly, disappointed.
text: Bond shifts his gaze to Le Chiffre to seel phe pp Chiffre
text: is doing the same thing, looking at Bo: i$ reaction.
text: Bond smiles, looks down at the flop NS 3 hearts. 9-8-
dialog: 5. an
dialog: Gallardo knocks. Infante ma
dialog: impassive Bond and:
dialog: SS
speaker_heading: LE ae
dialog: Fifty thousand. C
text: An audible reaction. KO Le Chiffre. He has a flush
dialog: or three of a kinds & aying so strong. Or he's
dialog: bluffing.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: me)
speaker_heading: NS
text: Bond sees Le Chifire' > eye twitch -- only once and ever so
text: slightly. L hifSve's finger comes up to hide it ina
speaker_heading: SF
text: Bond eae “tfty thousand into the middle of the table.
text: An even x reaction. Things got serious fast.
text: oe Infante throw away their cards. The Dealer
dialog: Bon
dialog: "thought fu
dialog: 
text: down the next common card ('the turn'). Again,
text: esn't look, watching Le Chiffre's reaction.
text: The card is a 9. The finger presses tight against Le
text: Chiffre's cheek.
text: Bond looks at the card. So now there's a pair out in the
dialog: open. Could Le Chiffre be holding the other nines? Doesn't
dialog: Matter anyway, because Bond has already decided to go all
text: the way and find the meaning of the finger by the eye.
dialog: Le Chiffre bets:
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE (CONT'D)
dialog: One hundred thousand.
text: Bond looks up and is distracted at the superb sight of VESPER
text: entering in that stunning dress, walking up from behind Le
text: Chiffre, her eyes on Bond and Bond's on hers.
dialog: 
dialog: 121
dialog: 
dialog: \ssued to Production Dec 20, 2005 56.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 121
text: She pauses for effect some distance behind Le Chiffre, then
text: moves around behind Bond and bends over to kiss him on the
dialog: cheek.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (quietly, with a smile)
dialog: Hello dear. Weren't you supposed
dialog: to enter so that the others could
dialog: see you?
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: Was I? My mistake. Good luck,
dialog: darling
text: She moves off. Le Chiffre impatiently ae oe cards.
dialog: After a moment:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: -Mr. Bond?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Oh yes, sorry.
dialog: Bond matches the bet. o@
scene_heading: WITH VESPER AS SHE wi
speaker_heading: . ESPER
dialog: Helle@s
speaker_heading: MATHIS
dialog: se I don't have to tell you
dialog: utiful you look; half the
dialog: S ete at that table are still
dialog: x ching you.
speaker_heading: a KD Sy VESPER
dialog: RQ” How's he doing?
speaker_heading: S
speaker_heading: MATHIS
dialog: Bond? I believe he's drawing to a
dialog: flush. May already have the other
dialog: two hearts of course, But so could
dialog: Le Chiffre - and he's the one pushing
dialog: the bets up. He may even hold the
dialog: other two nines. But I doubt it.
text: The last card ('the river') is dealt. All eyes are on it,
text: except for Bond and Le Chiffre: watching each other.
text: It is the 2 of hearts, Le Chiffre slowly takes his hand
text: from his face. No twitch to be seen.
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE
dialog: Two hundred thousand.
dialog: ‘ane
dialog: 
dialog: 121
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) lal
text: Vesper and Mathis watch Bond carefully. Everyone is
text: mesmerized. Bond pushes in two hundred thousand.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Call.
text: Le Chiffre stares back at Bond. He wasn't expecting that.
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: (to Le Chiffre)
dialog: Monsieur, you have been called.
text: Le Chiffre now lays his cards down. He hol both black
text: 2s. Le Chiffre has a full house. OY -
dialog: LA)
speaker_heading: DEALER (CONT'D) Sy Le
dialog: A full house to Monsieur Le QHi
dialog: (to Bond) KES “
dialog: Monsieur Bond? 5
speaker_heading: ce WJ)
text: Bond shakes his head, “chittad & ayds away, provoking a
dialog: 
text: buzz in the crowd. Le Chiffyele yt believe his luck,
text: rakes in the chips, a ghint-gt\t umph as he eyes Bond.
dialog: In forcing him to show t ey of twos, Bond has stripped
text: him naked, and Le Chiff reads this in his eyes.
dialog: : (ap
dialog: (to Di 2)
text: PleaséS@ndsthe barman over.
dialog: The zr germ surprised at this request, but
dialog: hi
text: indicates barman to come over. Le Chiffre watches
text: all this wi MS tering irritation. The barman arrives:
speaker_heading: (cy BOND (CONT'D)
dialog: LE yE dry martini.
speaker_heading: RE sy BARMAN
dialog: SYS Oui, monsieur.
dialog: He's about to go:
speaker_heading: BOND
text: Just a moment. Three measures of
dialog: Gordon's, one of vodka, half a
dialog: measure of Kina Lillet, shake it
text: over ice then add a thin slice of
dialog: lemon peel.
speaker_heading: BARMAN
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: The other players and even the dealer have been quietly
text: mesmerized by this performance. As the barman starts off:
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4) 121
speaker_heading: WOLPERT
dialog: You know, I think I'll have one of
dialog: those.
speaker_heading: INFANTE
dialog: So, will I.
speaker_heading: BARMAN
dialog: Certainly.
text: Le Chiffre's patience is at an end, he looks about to burst.
text: The barman starts away, and suddenly:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: TOMELLI 5)
dialog: Can I have one without the Lenght? c
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE (? yy
dialog: Is anyone interested indpkz ybhg p/
dialog: poker?!
text: Bond smiles to himself, havin CgSiea in riling him.
dialog: yee 5 iy
dialog: {to Bond) ,,
dialog: Someone is in Ree
text: The Dealer distrib fo Le Chiffre quickly throws
text: his cards away, dis with them. The player to Bond's
speaker_heading: aa EO.
dialog: right calls.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: cme .
text: As three ats ce at the table bet and raise, Bond
dialog: alks over to
speaker_heading: AN
speaker_heading: mae BY
text: whe a and Mathis are waiting for him. He puts his
text: arm around Vesper, kisses her - it lasts a little longer
text: than he planned. Both of them can't help but briefly be
text: aware of that fact. As their lips part:
speaker_heading: BOND (CONT'D)
dialog: Hmm, you taste nice.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: I thought we dispensed with covers.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: No, we dispensed with one that was
dialog: of no use and created another that
dialog: is. Is he watching?
speaker_heading: MATHIS
dialog: Yes.
dialog: 
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 59.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5} 121
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Excellent.
text: He kisses her again, but this time she slips it.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: This is me in character pissed
dialog: because you are losing so fast we
dialog: won't be here past midnight. Oddly
dialog: my character's feelings mirror my
dialog: own.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: It was worth it to discover his’
dialog: y
dialog: +e castes his drink) ey" Oo
dialog: Hm. Have to think up a Re
dialog: it. ee
speaker_heading: MATHIS SS SO
dialog: What do you mean, his
speaker_heading: ” ONS
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOND 2-5
dialog: A twitch he has,, We when he
dialog: bluffs. ce SS
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Ne
dialog: Bluffs? (epee, best hand.
speaker_heading: SOO Bon
text: he Yyot on the last card.
dialog: dds against were twenty-three
dialog: oe and he'd know that. When
dialog: de that first big raise he
dialog: trying to scare me out, he had
dialog: oe Winning was blind luck.
dialog: (another subject:)
dialog: ua you get it?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Mathis slips a small silver disk into Bond's hand. Bond
text: puts his drink on the bar and returns to the table. Mathis
text: watches him go. Not wanting to be seen doing the same,
text: Vesper purposely turns her back so that she is facing the
dialog: bar.
speaker_heading: MATHIS
dialog: Maybe he actually can pull this
dialog: off.
text: Vesper sneaks a peak as she tastes Bond's drink.
text: THE CAMERA RISES OVER THE POKER TABLE 122
text: Cards are shuffled, dealt and discarded, Jackets come
text: off, players drop out, money changes hands. Bond's chips
text: stay about even, he's playing cautiously.
dialog: 
dialog: 122
dialog: Sel
dialog: 123
dialog: eee
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 122
dialog: Le Chiffre is slowly losing. We can sense the pressure
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON BOND
text: he notices KRATT step up and whisper in Le Chiffre's ear.
text: Le Chiffre doesn't respond; Kratt moves off.
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: We have been playing almost four
dialog: hours. If there's no objection we
dialog: will take a one hour dinner break.
text: The players shuffle to their feet. Bond stfal counting
text: his chips. Le Chiffre stands, turns and ko ee Kratt to
text: approach; Bond stands and palms Le Chiffre's ‘yKaler,
text: pressing the silver disc onto the bas ies e replacing
dialog: it feo
dialog: . SX ) ce
text: Le Chiffre turns back a heartbea¢ Jate! and picks it up.
text: Bond moves off toward the bar £Q jn Mathis and Vesper.
speaker_heading: iS
dialog: ir
speaker_heading: MATH AY
dialog: Well, think 111 @epp t on the
dialog: isies.
dialog: morning's Erivel Ss
dialog: 
text: Mathis exits. Jamés aye arm around Vesper's waist and
text: watches discretely tHer shoulder. In the background
text: Le Chiffre Leavegxx st and heads for the exit.
speaker_heading: AS VESPER
dialog: 2
dialog: &
dialog: d
text: Bond doogiist Peepond He finishes his drink, sees he's
dialog: being
dialog: oh by another of Le Chiffre's stooges: LEO. He
text: toward him and runs a hand up the full length
dialog: pe:
text: e to her neck. Her body reacts involuntarily.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (as if she just spoke)
dialog: Really? That's naughty.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: Now you've lost me completely.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (kisses Vesper's neck)
dialog: You've just told me you can't wait
dialog: to get me back to the room.
text: As she reacts, he takes her hand and leads her to the exit.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL SPLENDIDE - FOURTH FLOOR 123
text: Le Chiffre uses his key and enters his suite.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 61.
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
scene_heading: INT. LE CHIFFRE'S SUITE 124
text: Dark walls, little light. Valenka sits on the far side in
text: a pool of light. She looks up at Le Chiffre as he
text: approaches.
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE
dialog: What's so damned important?
text: She puts a hand on the back of his neck, kisses it,
dialog: whispers:
speaker_heading: VALENKA
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: A hand juts out of the darkness and ya 6A, Before
dialog: Le Chiffre can react a garotte is fli os er his neck
text: and cuts off his windpipe. OO into his ear:
speaker_heading: N
dialog: S/
dialog: Xe?
speaker_heading: OBANNO
dialog: Where is MY voney?
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL SPLENDIDE - LOBE 125
dialog: ok Sion
text: James and Vesper enter oy street, playing up their
text: "honeymooners" role, Tt ound each other. While walking,
text: Bond flips out oe . They stop at the CONCIERGE
speaker_heading: DESK,
dialog: &
speaker_heading: ‘BOND
dialog: ou have a package for
dialog: No
text: The conci aS. nds the manilla envelope Bond took from
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: the ca ‘ands it to Bond. They punch the elevator
dialog: oe ane ~
scene_heading: x Ee) CHIFFRE'S SUITE 126
text: Obanrio chokes Le Chiffre. Obanno's LIEUTENANT restrains
text: Valenka, holding a machete to her neck.
speaker_heading: OBANNO
dialog: Do you think you can lose that kind
dialog: of money and no one would notice?
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE
dialog: (clutching his throat)
dialog: Your money is safe.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL SPLENDIDE - ELEVATOR 127
text: They step into the elevator and Bond hands her the envelope.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Open it,
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: od
dialog: 130
dialog: oer
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 127
text: Vesper does, sees a silenced Walther inside. James pushes
text: a wireless earphone into his ear, punches the top floor
text: button and watches his handheld as they rise.
scene_heading: INT. LE CHIFFRE'S SUITE 128
text: Obanno tightens the noose again, Le Chiffre is in agony.
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE
dialog: You'll have it tomorrow. All of
dialog: it.
text: Obanno tosses him to the floor. QY
speaker_heading: OBANNO 2
dialog: I would take a hand for this
dialog: betrayal, but you need a "2@5
dialog: cards.
text: He holds his hands out to his eae Oo. who hands him
dialog: his machete. ae
dialog: (to caso »
dialog: Hold out your ae
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - C. co(@ pomp SCREEN 129
text: The screen displays-d\three dimensional "range finder" -
text: an X indicating ir shifting position and blinking dot
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: indicating L hit ‘e -- both on a 3D grid. As they rise
dialog: he can get idea where they are in relation to each
text: other. sath s his finger into the 4th floor button.
dialog: Vesper hi dm his silenced Walther.
speaker_heading: ¢ eo 130
text: the elevator, moves off in the direction the finder
text: Aiim, then realizes what he's hearing over his
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VALENKA (0.S.)
dialog: No, please. Please.
text: He turns back to Vesper.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Go to the room, I'll meet you there.
text: Vesper backs uncertainly toward the elevator bank as James
text: moves off. By the time she turns, the elevator door is
text: closing. She makes a grab for it; too late.
dialog: 
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 63 .
scene_heading: INT. LE CHIFFRE'S SUITE 131
speaker_heading: OBANNO
dialog: Hold out your arm, my beauty, or I
dialog: will take your head.
text: The Lieutenant raises her arm for her.
speaker_heading: VALENKA
dialog: No. Please, no. Please no.
text: OUT IN THE HALL 132
text: Using the directional finder James finds "s ys int door.
dialog: Unsure what to do -- break the door down, Se happen.
text: He decides on breaking it down. Then P WA esper is
text: still waiting for the elevator. O”
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (stage whisper)
dialog: Take the stairs! SO
speaker_heading: NS
text: She sees the sign for the ee right near Bond. She
dialog: a
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: hurries toward it. me ck to the suite door.
scene_heading: INT. LE CHIFFRE'S RNY 133
text: Obanno swings the n arp machete down from over his
text: head and...sto Gils a half an inch from Valenka's arm.
text: Holding it there Xpe ‘turns his head and looks at Le Chiffre.
speaker_heading: OBANNO
dialog: Bee SSiord of protest.
dialog: cay Feo Valenka)
dialog: eeh should find a new boyfriend.
text: y ‘SNyeos her roughly, laughs and tosses her after Le
text: Obanno nods to his Lieutenant and they head out.
speaker_heading: THE HALL 134
text: James, listening to his earpiece, realize they are coming
text: right out the door! He turns and grabs Vesper, who is
text: running toward him, and pushes her into the alcove of a
text: BUTLER'S PANTRY (which leads to the STAIRWELL) and into a
text: deep kiss. She fights for a second, sees THE SUITE DOOR
text: OPEN and melts into the kiss, grabbing the back of Bond's
dialog: neck.
speaker_heading: OBANNO
text: steps out of the suite, his Lieutenant on his heels. They
text: spy the lovers; Obanno smiles to himself and continues
text: past toward to the elevator.
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 134
speaker_heading: HIS LIEUTENANT
text: glances back in passing and spots THE WIRELESS EARPHONE in
text: Bond's ear. He makes a grab for his gun.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: Sees it happening out of the corner of his eye, shoves
text: Vesper toward the stairwell door and fires a silenced round
text: into the Lieutenant's chest. Vesper bolts for the
scene_heading: EMERGENCY STAIRWELL 135
dialog: cle
text: She smashes through the door just a second, hefose Bond
dialog: es
text: throws the Lieutenant's body in after he xrtbeat
text: later OBANNO'S MACHETE just about take SRR ' arm.
text: His Walther falls over the rail. The doy wings closed
dialog: ior and jams a
text: behind them as James grabs the huge jie
text: hand into Obanno's mouth to meer . fyom calling out.
dialog: ‘
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JAMES =
dialog: (to Vesper) £e~
dialog: & S?
dialog: gr
text: She takes off down the oe makes it to...
scene_heading: THE FLOOR BELOW OS
text: She yanks on tke as locked - looks up in time to see
text: James flipped ov the banister, landing with a back-
text: eracking thu stairs beside her.
speaker_heading: on tC
text: Obanno lea, ot the railing, machete in hand, as Vesper
text: runs for fe, bounding down the stairs two at a time,
text: glancing cht up just in time to see:
dialog: ley
dialog: ~
text: tui over the railing above and plummet toward her.
text: They“land just a few treads away, flailing at each other,
text: the machete drawing blood, as
dialog: 
dialog: Run!
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VESPER
text: runs on down.
scene_heading: FLOOR AFTER FLOOR
text: the action is repeated, with one man being thrown or pushed
text: over the railing above her and the other clambering after
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BASEMENT FLOOR
text: Vesper rounds the last railing and flings herself at the
text: exit door - it won't open! She looks up;
dialog: Sea?
dialog: 
dialog: 135
dialog: 
dialog: issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 135
speaker_heading: THE MACHETE
text: twirls through the air, coming straight for her! She moves
text: and it slices past her, embedding itself in the concrete
dialog: floor!
speaker_heading: VESPER
text: slams herself into the chained emergency door over and
text: over again, in a blind, unthinking panic. Suddenly
speaker_heading: BOND AND OBANNO
dialog: 2.
dialog: ci
text: come crashing down almost on top of her, faGhy 3. for their
text: lives. Bond rights himself and grabs Oba: hi iG behind
text: in a neck lock. Obanno shoves Bond bagkie \# they
text: stumble into Vesper and trip, falling : eap in the
dialog: 
text: corner -- Obanno atop Bond atop Véspers ail facing upwards --
text: Obanno turning blue from the cholkghe oly -- sees:
dialog: 
scene_heading: BOND'S SILENCED WALTHER
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ESS
text: on the floor where it mse ‘s bs it and
speaker_heading: FIRES _K
text: wildly over his shd@ul eri) The bullets barely miss Bond
text: and Vesper. They g je-the wall just centimeters from
text: their heads ané& ‘het madly around the concrete well.
text: Vesper can't crengoem a scream in her throat.
speaker_heading: BOND ne 7
speaker_heading: Sd
text: uses see 2 dzenath to force the gun in Obanno's hand up
text: to the hee je) man s neck, forces the large man's finger to
dialog: nei)» ge)man and JUST OFF CAMERA the bullet finds its
text: eos spraying over Bond's shirt and Vesper's face.
text: oe Bond pants for air, he and Vesper pinned
text: unde’ the giant's dead weight. When he catches his breath
text: he forces the body off theirs and stands, sees a BIN under
text: the stairs and kicks open the padlocked hasp. He turns to
text: look at Vesper, sees she's in shock, but needs her help.
text: Bond rips off his bloodied tuxedo shirt and wipes the blood
text: from her face. She lets him do it.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: There you go. Find Mathis. Tell
dialog: him I'm going to leave the bodies
dialog: in here, he needs to get rid of
dialog: them. Can you do that?
text: She nods unconvincingly.
speaker_heading: BOND (CONT'D)
dialog: Go.
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 135
text: He prompts her up the stairs. After the first flight she
dialog: runs.
text: Below, Bond drags the huge man toward the bin.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL SUITE, BOND'S BATHROOM 136
text: Bond tosses his bloodied shirt, pulls off his jacket and
text: focuses to slow his breath. He washes the blood off a cut
text: wound on his arm -- the blood swirling down the sink. He
text: sticks on a quick bandage, wipes the blood off the
text: countertop and the sweat from under his arms, _ then finally
text: leans on the sink and stares at himself in mirror.
text: Only now do we glimpse that he is having a yea time with
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: the killings. He looks down at the counter ces he's
text: leaving red hand prints on the white m apie, G shes his
dialog: hands again. CP )
dialog: Se .
scene_heading: INT. CASINO ROYALE -~- NIGHT AO 137
dialog: fs
text: We move with Bond as he adjust yshirt -- identical to
dialog: “Hotices a fleck of blood
dialog: up a napkin without
dialog: nds the used napkin to a
dialog: the one he wore this morning /
text: on the black jacket a ore
text: pausing, dabs the red ont
dialog: Thank yous
text: passing waiter. f
dialog: er
speaker_heading: OX _
text: He arrives at thax able in time to see one of the other
text: players losew e\@hiffre. Le Chiffre collects his chips,
text: but his @ ee on Bond as he takes his seat.
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE
dialog: ona, you changed your shirt.
dialog: && thope our little game isn't causing
dialog: - SAyou to perspire.
dialog: Se
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (a charming smile)
dialog: A little. But I won't consider
dialog: myself in trouble until I start
text: erying blood.
text: Le Chiffre's smile fades. Bond is dealt in.
scene_heading: INT. BOND & VESPER'S SUITE, HOTEL SPLENDIDE -- NIGHT 138
text: It's hours later, Bond lets himself in, undoing his tie to
text: reveal a very creased shirt. In the shadowed bedroom he
text: sees Vesper's gown on the floor, an empty wine bottle on
text: the table, hears her shower running.
text: Tired and jaded, he doesn't think too much of it, pulls
text: off his shirt -- yes, he has been sweating.
dialog: 
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 138
text: He glances back at Vesper's suite, listens to the shower
text: running, and senses something's wrong.
scene_heading: VESPER'S BATHROOM.
text: He enters, can't see her, now is becoming concerned. He
text: sees a leg protruding from the shower. He turns the corner
text: and finds her sitting in bra and panties, clutching one
text: knee to her chest, oblivious to the pelting water. James
text: drops to the floor of the shower, throws his arms around
text: her and pulls her to him, letting the water run over both
dialog: of them.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Shhhhhh.
speaker_heading: VESPER
text: (looks at him a moi
dialog: You're all wet.
dialog: é~.
speaker_heading: BOND en)
dialog: Shhh. Ards
speaker_heading: SY
speaker_heading: vesnée’
dialog: I couldn't gett Blood off.
dialog: : as :
dialog: It's still exmy nails.
dialog: 4 ne
text: Bond looks at hk sié: not a trace of blood. He puts
text: each finger in mth in turn, not sexually, but as if
dialog: to clean them. d of course the non-sexual aspect of it
dialog: Pa
dialog: is incredibl exy” When done....
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: xX we BOND
dialog: (pert x?
dialog: ok
speaker_heading: on BK VESPER
dialog: LOSSY. (leoks at them)
dialog: ww) Thanks.
dialog: +.-You cold?
speaker_heading: BOND
text: Vesper realizes she is, gives a small little-girl nod.
text: Bond reaches up and turns the hot water tap higher. She
dialog: appreciates the unusual, and charming, choice, in that he
text: fails to acknowledge anything odd about her behavior. She
text: rests her head on his shoulder. The two sit there in the
text: warm "rain," not saying a word.
scene_heading: INT. BOND & VESPER' S SUITE, HOTEL SPLENDIDE -- MORNING 139
text: Bond steps up to Vesper's bedroom door, sees her sleeping
text: naked under her sheets, the rest of the bed pristine --
text: she slept alone. Bond checks his vibrating phone for a
text: text message, closes Vesper's bedroom door and exits.
speaker_heading: Sn
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 68.
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE, HOTEL SPLENDIDE -- DAY 140
text: Bond finds Mathis looking down at the hotel parking lot.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Have any trouble with the bodies?
speaker_heading: MATHIS
dialog: Less than some.
text: He takes out a phone and Bond follows his gaze to the
text: forecourt: two policemen are questioning Le Chiffre's
text: henchman LEO at his parked car. Mathis ot
text: A phone RINGS nearby ~ the trunk of the ¢ © is as
text: surprised as the cops as they open it tes eg is and
text: his LIEUTENANT'S CORPSES, phone Rok pate of their
dialog: pockets.
text: Bond and Mathis smile as Leo is A. fed.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MATHIS east
dialog: Being dead doesn one can't
dialog: still be helpful, Ca actual phone
dialog: will be a goldse a tm sure.
dialog: ey
dialog: Nicely dove
speaker_heading: 4 sS
speaker_heading: \ MATHIS
dialog: Hows oubygirl? Melted your cold
dialog: pemyyer?
text: Bond ie exits back into the casino.
scene_heading: LE CHIFFRE'S SUITE -- DAY 141
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: ib re stands behind a fluttering curtain, watching
dialog: ne.
text: CLOSE ON HIS EYES. A RED DOT. A BLOODY TEAR. Then he
text: turns and disappears, the curtain left fluttering as before.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO ROYALE - DUSK 142
text: SHOTS OF - dealt hands being lifted, chips being tossed in
text: the pot, hands thrown away.
text: The Argentinean goes all in with his remaining chips. And
text: looks disgusted as he is beaten. He's out. Leaves.
text: More chips going in, more cards dealt to the weary players.
text: Another player tosses his cards down, gets up angrily.
text: Out of the game.
dialog: 
dialog: 143
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 69.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO ROYALE -- NIGHT 143
dialog: Four face-up cards: A-K-J-7
text: Bond holds ACE & KING OF HEARTS. He sees Le Chiffre's
text: finger go to the side of his face to hold his twitch in
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: MATHIS & VESPER
dialog: 
text: watch from the rail.
speaker_heading: MATHIS a
dialog: Look. It's the tell. He's OO,
dialog: bluffing. My God, James was Re A)
text: Bond looks to Vesper, who tries to oni? ES k at him. His
dialog: 
text: face remains hard. AG Ne Sy
speaker_heading: AT TABLE
dialog: aia
dialog: The American, Wolpert, “ey rd a lot of chips:
dialog: Three hundred seh
dialog: Bond watches Le C.
text: fe. Se e pushes in his chips. Bond
text: follows suit. A mi just went in.
speaker_heading: FS
dialog: The card is turneéiiover. A KING. Exactly what Bond was
text: hoping roomed toh RE is implacable - but his finger is
dialog: 
dialog: still pres y nis cheek.
text: The five re is) face-up are A-J-J-K-K.
dialog: os
text: es at them. Knocks the table.
speaker_heading: on VESPER
speaker_heading: MATHIS
dialog: The American must have been holding
dialog: queen ten. He knows his straight
dialog: just lost value. Now, if James is
dialog: right about the bluff, here comes
dialog: something big...
speaker_heading: AT TABLE
text: A large stack of chips moves forward.
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE
dialog: Million.
text: Finger still clamped to hide any twitch. Bond smells blood.
text: He's got him. Slowly counts his chips.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 70.
speaker_heading: 143 CONTINUED: 143
speaker_heading: MATHIS & VESPER
speaker_heading: al MATHIS
text: He's going all-in.
dialog: Vesper reacts: My God.
speaker_heading: AT TABLE
dialog: Bond pushes everything in:
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Six and a half.
text: Le Chiffre stares back at him. Wolpert Seg seems
text: happy as he throws his cards away. “ey? AS, Yeond:
speaker_heading: WOLPERT &
dialog: I hope you got better epaka
dialog: straight, pal. If yous SBI ffing -
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: He is silenced by Le Chiffre ee 5G his money in. For a
dialog: moment, Bond has doubts. we)”
dialog: Mister rear been called.
text: Bond shows his cards.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Eyes locked on
dialog: oe \
speaker_heading: a DEALER (CONT'D)
dialog: Fu houg#, Kings on Aces.
text: Bond waits Yee the reaction. Le Chiffre merely smiles:
speaker_heading: ne (2) LE CHIFFRE
dialog: \ oye ou must have thought I was
text: luffing.
text: <O over TWO JACKS. FOUR OF A KIND.
text: A great hushed reaction in the room. Bond is devastated.
speaker_heading: DEALER,
dialog: Unless anyone complains, I think a
dialog: short break?
text: Bond sits silent, frozen with defeat. Cleaned out.
scene_heading: 144 EXT. TERRACE, LE CASINO ROYALE -- NIGHT 144
text: Bond steps out onto the terrace, looks out over the moonlit
text: hills. His world in disarray. How could he have been so
dialog: wrong? He had Le Chiffre all worked out.
text: Vesper and Mathis watch from inside, almost embarrassed to
text: be watching him, neither knowing what to say.
dialog: 
dialog: 144
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005
dialog: 
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 144
text: Vesper finally joins him. Bond is still reeling. Not
text: wanting to show her this he pulls himself together.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I'll need the other five million
dialog: to buy back in.
text: She was afraid he'd say that. Beat. He turns to look:
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: I can't authorize that, James.
text: It hangs there. He is still, controlling oO
speaker_heading: SY
speaker_heading: BOND ee @)
dialog: I made a mistake. I was imp. ere Vee
dialog: maybe arrogant, but I can bi
dialog: him.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: 
dialog: I'm sorry.
dialog: &
speaker_heading: f C SY
dialog: (stops tee dh acing
dialog: "Sorry?" Use tha “in a sentence.
dialog: "Sorry Le Chaé is going to win
dialog: and go ftindi terror and killing
dialog: people in Ss and supermarkets?"
dialog: fdren are going to die
text: as the alk past stray shopping
dialog: ba % or rked cars?" That kind
dialog: Bepy?
speaker_heading: @ Sd VESPER
dialog: ek winning is not going to stop
dialog: Eo Ny terortat bombings. If you think
dialog: 
dialog: it is, then you are arrogant.
speaker_heading: S
speaker_heading: O
speaker_heading: . BOND
dialog: Not all, just a few is good enough
dialog: for me. And if you or your friends
dialog: were in the building when it
dialog: disintegrated, it may be good enough
dialog: for you, too.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: You lost because of that ego, and
dialog: that same ego can't take it. That's
dialog: what is talking here. That's what
dialog: this is about. All you are going
dialog: to do now is lose more.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (almost laughs)
dialog: You bloody idiot.
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 72.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 144 CONTINUED: (2) 144
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: I'm sorry??
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I can beat him! Look in my eyes.
dialog: You know that.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: My father was a gambler. Had that
text: same winning look in his eye.
dialog: Right up to the day he shot my
text: mother and put a gun in his own
dialog: mouth. Get your hand off my ams
text: He lets go. She turns and walks out of 1 Giro.
dialog: oy ae
scene_heading: 145 INT. BAR, CASINO ROYALE -- NIGHT @yY 145
text: Bond enters the bar, frustrated and(Qijocoupiea,
dialog: fe 2
speaker_heading: BOND on
dialog: Vodka martini. 0S
dialog: ae
speaker_heading: BAR,
dialog: Shaken or sti fue
dialog: foe
dialog: ae
dialog: me Do I look Wike/1 give a damn??
dialog: Ze
text: He takes his drim cks his brains as to how to move
text: forward. He Le iffre laughing as they walk away from
text: the table, wana a break. Bond spies him joking with Kratt
dialog: and two men~wh ave the look of trained killers;
dialog: reinfore oS.
dialog: ye
text: Bagh wa James, a waiter clears a nearby table and puts
text: B pha setting on the bar: plate, cutlery, steak knife.
text: one make his decision, palms the knife and slides it up
text: he eve of his jacket and rises, as Mathis approaches
dialog: with*sympathy.
speaker_heading: MATHIS
dialog: James...
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Make sure you get the girl out.
speaker_heading: MATHIS
dialog: (understands, shocked)
dialog: ...Bond.
text: But Bond is already moving.
scene_heading: roe 146 INT. LOBBY/CORRIDOR, CASINO ROYALE - MOMENTS LATER 146
text: Bond walks, determined, focused on Le Chiffre - who is walking
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 73.
speaker_heading: 146 CONTINUED: 146
text: away down a corridor, in the company of Kratt and several
dialog: . bodyguards. It's suicide and he's okay with that. His
text: vee fingers get a grip on the handle; readies to slip it
text: out...when WOLPERT cuts across his path.
speaker_heading: WOLPERT
dialog: Bad break, I thought you had him.
dialog: Never really introduced myself:
dialog: Gray Wolpert, of the Langley
dialog: Wolperts.
text: That got James' attention. Wolpert indicates the hand in
text: which Bond cups his knife.
speaker_heading: WOLPERT (CONT'D) AV’ Qa
dialog: You should have a little fai Ck Pf
dialog: I've been watching your pla a
dialog: Forgetting that one un ve.
dialog: I think you have him. »
speaker_heading: CN
speaker_heading: BOND ay
dialog: Had. Now if you' Leis e
speaker_heading: WO fet”
dialog: -You're not hey in?
text: Bond gives him a
text: cxf Ypieers gets the picture. Bond is
text: still coiled and da
speaker_heading: \ WOLPERT (CONT'D)
dialog: I' been losing steadily.
dialog: going to last much longer.
dialog: got a better chance.
dialog: Oa “(beat )
dialog: pe ‘ah saying I can get you the money
text: LE 3S NS to keep going.
dialog: & top Kes this in.
speaker_heading: SY
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: WOLPERT (CONT'D)
dialog: Just one thing. If you pull it
text: off, the CIA get to bring him in.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: ..And the winnings?
speaker_heading: WOLPERT
dialog: Do we look like we need the money?
scene_heading: 147 INT. CASINO ROYALE -- NIGHT 147
text: Sitting down for the next session, they are removing Bond's
text: chair when Bond stops him. Le Chiffre looks surprised.
dialog: 
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 74.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 147
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Lovely stretch; shall we double
dialog: the blinds?
text: Bond smiles. Le Chiffre returns it.
speaker_heading: SHOTS OF:
scene_heading: AN EXHAUSTED PLAYER FOLDS (DISSOLVING BEFORE OUR EYES)
scene_heading: BOND RAKING IN CHIPS (CLAWING HIS WAY BACK IN)
scene_heading: BOND AND LE CHIFFRE EYEING ONE ANOTHER, nou grsancamis
scene_heading: INT. BAR, CASINO ROYALE -- NIGHT KD 148
dialog: Z
text: A BARMAN places two of "Bond's" drink Gay Veray. one with
dialog: a lemon slice, one without. He
dialog: & “aetrieve some
text: water. Which is when we notice V, seated on the stool
text: next to the tray. Behind the ba . back she slips some
dialog: 
text: powder into the drink with the mom and stirs. The barman
text: returns with two glasses of Peles water as THE WAITER
dialog: approaches to take the tra Co y
text: Follow the waiter to th ey re, where she places the
text: glass without the lemon=t ront of Tomelli, who looks to
text: be barely hanging Ant Bs game. She places the other in
text: front of Bond. He Sips’ Plays his cards. Wins the hand.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: MOMENTS LATER: x 149
text: At the tab: ond takes a sip of his drink, confidence
text: growing. Hiks\c eyes flick to Vesper, watching, wondering
text: how he g into the game. A hand is dealt, played.
text: Bond c a cards, closes his eyes -- just a blink.
dialog: oa be Sa
dialog: of)! 150
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: ope is eyes again and it's a COMPLETELY DIFFERENT HAND.
text: He realizes moments have passed! He's disoriented, losing
text: focus. Things are taking on a yellow tint, coronas forming
text: around lights. Bond shakes it off, trying to clear his
text: mind, sweating. Smells the glass; realizes he's been
dialog: poisoned.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Deal me out. Time for some air.
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: Sir, you are the big blind.
text: Bond shoves his chips in and walks away. The players are
text: more than a tad surprised. Le Chiffre shrugs. Bond passes
text: a table, casually takes a glass and a salt shaker and keeps
text: moving on slightly unsteady legs. VESPER is one of the
dialog: few who notice.
dialog: Serene
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 150
text: The MAN AT THE BAR near her snorts disapproval.
speaker_heading: MAN AT BAR
dialog: (to woman beside Vesper)
dialog: Who drinks and plays for these
dialog: kind of stakes? Idiot.
text: She writes it off to that as well. Bloody arrogance.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM, CASINO ROYALE -- NIGHT 151
text: He bangs open the door, pours the entire cellar into the
text: glass, fills it with hot water and knocks i ack. The
text: effect is quick - he throws up into the a 2
scene_heading: EXT. STREET AND HOTEL PARKING AREA ~ SS OQ 152
dialog: @
text: Ash white, heart pounding, blear x Sana stumbles across
text: the street, narrowly missing bein un)jover by passing
text: cars. He finds his Aston ae in a dark corner,
text: unlocks it with a push of ab uy pens the door and
text: falls into the seat. He slams(h 3Vfist into the glove
text: compartment, tears out gee ond grabs the MEDIPAC.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: (
text: He closes his eyes for j cond --- opens them -- sees:
text: A LOUD BUNCH OF DRUNKEN-
text: passing the “we who ren't in the deserted parking lot a
dialog: second ago -- ked out again.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOND
text: considers ~ to them for help. Doesn't. He forces
text: hinselt $2 } conscious, rips open the medipac -~- finds
text: a eae nbedie attached to a wire and an electronic
text: & . @ needle into his arm and attaches the lead
text: fox to his handheld. It instantly makes a call.
scene_heading: 6 MEDICAL HOT ROOM -- NIGHT 153
text: A TECHNICIAN who was chatting with a CO-WORKER turns to
text: his COMPUTER SCREEN as it RINGS and CLICKS TO LIFE,
text: DOWNLOADING DATA. The co-worker joins him.
speaker_heading: CO-WORKER
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: 007.
text: The co-worker flies to his cubicle, snatches the phone.
scene_heading: INT. MI6 - M'S OFFICE 154
dialog: 
text: Villiers opens the door without knock izig, M looks up,..tired.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 76.
speaker_heading: 154 CONTINUED: 154
speaker_heading: VILLIERS
dialog: Bond's been poisoned. He's going
dialog: eee into cardiac arrest.
scene_heading: 155 INT. MI6 MEDICAL HOT ROOM 155
text: Two DOCTORS now hover over the technician, studying the
text: figures racing over the screen.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Stay calm and don't interrupt
dialog: because you'll be dead within two
dialog: minutes --
speaker_heading: ‘S)
scene_heading: 156 EXT. HOTEL PARKING LOT At oY) 156
speaker_heading: DOCTOR é @yv
dialog: --unless you do mse ENS
dialog: tell you.
speaker_heading: eS
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I'm all ears. ce SS
scene_heading: 157 INT. MI6é - VILLIERS' DES ae 157
text: M and Villiers watch ply and listen.
speaker_heading: cage? ee (V.0.)
text: renovate ‘defibrillator from the
dialog: pouch.
dialog: jtto S ctor 2)
dialog: eS. jpnow what it is yet?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR 2
speaker_heading: eS
dialog: 11 scanning.
scene_heading: 158 rf ie $ PARKING LOT 158
text: boy lls out a portable DEFIBRILLATOR, it HUMS as the
text: charge builds...COMBIPENS of different colors spill onto
dialog: the floor.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (V.O.)
dialog: Attach the leads to your chest.
text: Bond does so. Puts his finger on the red button, waits,
text: it still reads CHARGING.
scene_heading: 159 INT. MI6 MEDICAL HOT ROOM 159
speaker_heading: DOCTOR #2
dialog: Ventricular tachycardia. Digitalis.
dialog: What the hell do we give him? The
dialog: “ewe kit has amphetamines, antihistamines--
dialog: 
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: Seem
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 159
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: (to Bond)
dialog: As soon as it reads charged--
speaker_heading: DOCTOR #2
dialog: Lidocaine! That'1l work. Bond--
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL PARKING LOT 160
text: CHARGED. Bond tenses.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR #2 (V.O.)
dialog: Don't push the red button! Do yo
dialog: hear me? Don't push it yet. (
dialog: 
text: Bond reacts.
scene_heading: INT. VILLIERS OFFICE 161
text: M listens to the doctors argue.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR S
dialog: His heart's go Y
speaker_heading: pogoe-#h (v.0.)
dialog: nn
dialog: to
dialog: There's only-&i ie, for one charge
dialog: before oles pout !
speaker_heading: HF
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL PARKING™ Sr 162
dialog: (Continue townter t as needed)
speaker_heading: RY DOCTOR #2 (V.O.)
dialog: 2 “ctto Bond)
dialog: o Gabe the blue combipen Bond. Mid-
dialog: \ ck. Into the artery. That'll
dialog: -\\Ycounteract the digitalis.
dialog: 
text: Bontdjdbs himself hard in the neck with the blue combipen.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR (V.O.)
dialog: You're going to pass out ina few
dialog: seconds and you need to keep your
text: heart going. Push the red button
dialog: now, Bond!
text: Bond tries -- but it doesn't fire, one of the leads has
text: come off. He reaches for it, tries to reattach it.
speaker_heading: M (V.O.)
dialog: Bond?...
text: But the VOICE FADES and he blacks out, comes to, blacks
text: out, slipping away.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 78.
speaker_heading: 162 CONTINUED: 162
speaker_heading: M (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Bond! Push the damn button!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: “ee
text: His eyes flutter open again... and like a dream, VESPER is
text: over him.
text: He looks up at her. For a moment she hesitates...then
text: bends down and finds the lead, attaches it and fires the
text: defibrillator. A huge jolt of power goes through Bond and
text: he spasms.
text: Bond exhales. A dying rasp, a breath of life.
text: Vesper is shaking. Stunned that she just & d. his life,
text: she slumps down beside him. £ “y
dialog: . “ec
text: Bond recovering now, breathing steady. (iy inally pulls
text: the syringe out of his neck. So
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: You okay?
dialog: Me??
dialog: You're leome. Now get yourself
dialog: tov hos al.
speaker_heading: we BOND
dialog: “WP do.
dialog: 3 (standing again)
dialog: soon as I win.
dialog: ov ™
speaker_heading: Os M (0.S.)
speaker_heading: DOCTOR #2 (0.S.)
dialog: The red combipen! Take it with you.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: When do I use it?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR #2
dialog: Oh, you'll know.
text: Bond pockets the handheld. Vesper is almost speechless.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: You're not seriously going back
dialog: vee there.
dialog: 
dialog: 162
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 162
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Wouldn't dream of it.
text: Bond smiles and heads off.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO ROYALE ~-- NIGHT 163
text: Le Chiffre can barely stop his mouth from dropping open as
text: a pale but very determined Bond returns to the table.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Sorry. That last hand almost killed
dialog: me. ce
dialog: {to waiter) ©)
dialog: I think I'll change my drinks. ce Sf)
dialog: Water, if you would. “ Ny Y
dialog: &)
dialog: pp
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE NE ae
dialog: looks most unsettled. .
speaker_heading: CARDS ARE DEALT
dialog: 
dialog: _
speaker_heading: WOLPERT et yy
text: throws his cards in. eis t of money. Gets up wearily.
text: Gives Bond a tier Ve walks away.
scene_heading: ONLY FIVE PLAY: ‘NOW, THE MARATHON SESSION TAKING
text: ITS TOLL ON \, CLE CHIFFRE.
text: More cards 'S PILE OF CHIPS INCREASING.
text: wpe we PLAYER TO HIS CHAIR BECOMING EMPTY.
text: sal DEA LER IS EXHAUSTED. He PACKS UP. ANOTHER BREAK.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: <) x “BATHROOM MIRROR, SHATTERED. 164
text: nono Zale the red combipen from his pocket. Puts a foot
text: on the sink counter - and jabs the combipen into his leg.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO ROYALE -~- NIGHT 165
text: Back at the table. Bond and Le Chiffre preternaturally
text: alert, Infante and Fukutu tired, hitting the espressos.
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: Big blind now one million.
text: Bond puts a million dollar plaque in, beside him Fukutu is
text: already in with the small blind: a $500,000 chip.
dialog: The community cards are laid down: Ah 6s 8s
text: We see Le Chiffre's hand: Ac 6h. He already has two pairs.
dialog: 165
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 165
text: Bond looks at his hand: 7s and another low spade which we
text: don't see clearly. Possible flush.
text: Fukutu has Ks and Qs. Possible flush.
text: Infante holds 8c and 8h, so he has three of a kind.
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE
dialog: Five million.
text: The others match the bet.
speaker_heading: VESPER & MATHIS
speaker_heading: MATHIS
dialog: Twenty-four million in the "ep
dialog: already.
speaker_heading: Wo
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: s all in with
dialog: $9om.
text: Fukutu looks again at his car
dialog: everything he has left. Nine
dialog: Everyone matches his bet ol)
dialog: a
speaker_heading: MATHIS & VESPER L fm Sy
speaker_heading: < Gre (CONT'D)
dialog: k ‘fish, possible full house,
dialog: Sixty million in the
dialog: hand is getting out of
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOND ww
dialog: ze nother.
dialog: col
dialog: ~ 2 the bar to watch.
speaker_heading: THE DEALER
text: deals the last card. The Ace of Spades.
speaker_heading: MATHIS & VESPER
speaker_heading: MATHIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Somebody's got the full house.
text: As we glance at the cards with Le Chiffre and Infante we
dialog: see both have full houses - Le Chiffre the better one.
text: But Infante is confident. He goes all in with his last
text: five plaques.
dialog: 
dialog: “eset
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 165
speaker_heading: INFANTE
dialog: Five million dollars.
text: Le Chiffre smiles at Bond.
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE
dialog: Ten.
text: Bond stares at the community cards, then back at Le Chiffre.
speaker_heading: MATHIS & VESPER:
speaker_heading: VESPER oO
dialog: He's going to do it again, isn't, ©
dialog: he? “a )
dialog: Ow
speaker_heading: MATHIS
dialog: Le Chiffre must have t ait Sy use.
dialog: Bond's flush will be be n.\} Bond's
dialog: been trying to bluff ate sas
dialog: nothing to bluff wit ig" 1 fold
dialog: and keep what he a
speaker_heading: BOND
text: pauses a long time.
dialog: 
text: . up his chips and plaques.
dialog: All
speaker_heading: THE DEALER sine
dialog: counts nee ) chips.
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: &G 4d million dollars.
dialog: eds Ve
text: react, unbelieving.
text: BACK AT THE TABLE
text: Le Chiffre eyes Bond. Considers his cards again.
text: Hesitates. Then with a smile, he pushes his remaining
dialog: chips forward.
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE
dialog: Very well.
text: A stunned silence in the room. A mountain of plaques and
text: chips on the table.
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: Gentlemen. Please show your cards.
dialog: CEs ee een een ES
dialog: 165
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 165
speaker_heading: FUKUTU
text: shows his spades flush.
speaker_heading: FUKUTU
dialog: Ace, King, Queen flush.
speaker_heading: INFANTE
text: beats it, lays down his pair of eights.
speaker_heading: INFANTE
text: Full house. Eights full of aces. “eG
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE ’A Oe)
text: lays his down. Shows his Ace and Six: (ay Sas house too.
dialog: No need for the poker face any 1 a Doris wolfishly.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DEALER
dialog: A superior full hous CG es, full
dialog: of sixes....Mister / 2
text: Bond places his cards do ne Le Chiffre grins.
speaker_heading: E. FFRE
dialog: It wouldésefm + flush is the
dialog: low hand: —
speaker_heading: S
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: ush Nie. But not my straight
text: The Deal Ese ‘anges Bond's cards over the community cards.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: >
speaker_heading: Sy a DEALER
text: YS SyFour through eight of spades, the
text: high hand.
text: son 2, Le Chiffre's turn to stare at defeat. A SMALL
text: RED GLOBULE APPEARS IN THE CORNER OF HIS EYE. He takes
text: his hanky, wipes it away, looks across at Bond balefully.
text: Getting up, Le Chiffre pushes past observers as he walks
text: out, vanishes from view.
text: Bond gets up too, Moves to Wolpert.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: He's all yours.
speaker_heading: WOLPERT
dialog: Much appreciated, cousin.
text: Bond moves on to the bar, where Vesper waits.
dialog: 
dialog: \ssued to Production Dec 20, 2005 83.
speaker_heading: 165 CONTINUED: (4) 165
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: Congratulations.
dialog: See!
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Shall we celebrate?
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: You were almost dead an hour ago.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Exactly. And now I'm famished.
dialog: 
scene_heading: 166 INT. /EXT. THE HERMITAGE NIGHTCLUB, HOTEL SP. ye oo 166
speaker_heading: NIGHT i
text: WE FOLLOW TWO OF BOND'S SPECIAL ae me a Q) arrive at
text: his patio table, looking out NG som iagse.
dialog: ok aster and caviar in
dialog: imtthe corner of the
text: is lit by candles.
dialog: ables. It's romantic.
text: It's four in the morning. They h
text: front of them. A band is playin,
text: club. The lights are low. T
dialog: A few couples are dotted abo
text: Vesper takes a TEXT on “ae, she reads it, then:
dialog: ee
dialog: Mathis mericans have
dialog: Saree made cont Gals Le Chiffre.
dialog: He! ng Ke in his suite; they're
dialog: going Nae extract him at midnight.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Se
dialog: ye
speaker_heading: xX BOND
dialog: ws fabw I think I'll call this
dialog: eG esper.
speaker_heading: ZL sy! VESPER
dialog: A A cause of the bitter aftertaste?
speaker_heading: N y, BOND
dialog: Because after you've tasted
dialog: it...it's all you want to drink.
text: She laughs at him and his charming, corny line.
speaker_heading: BOND (CONT'D)
dialog: I thought that was a good line.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: It was a very good line.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: But you're laughing at it.
speaker_heading: vee VESPER
dialog: Not so much it as you.
dialog: Smee"
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 84.
speaker_heading: 166 CONTINUED:
dialog: 166
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Oh, then I'm fine.
text: And he loosens up. Her smile fades as her thoughts drift.
text: She fiddles with her necklace.
speaker_heading: BOND (CONT'D)
dialog: I've realized what that is. An
dialog: Algerian love-knot?
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: Really? I thought it was just
dialog: something pretty.
speaker_heading: BOND Oy
dialog: No, you didn't. It was give oy
dialog: you.
dialog: (sees her admit an
dialog: Well, he's a lucky man Oo”
text: Vesper exhales, almost a ee reipowes by an ironic smile.
dialog: A moment,
dialog: 
dialog: then.
dialog: You can out Lae easily,
dialog: can't you? Zee men last night,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: I know Attacking you,
dialog: but it ae doother you, killing
dialog: them?
dialog: ‘\
speaker_heading: S BOND
dialog: job. I wouldn't do it
dialog: ll if it did.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: I don't believe you.
dialog: es, admits nothing.
speaker_heading: VESPER (CONT'D)
dialog: You have a choice, you know. Just
dialog: because you've done something,
dialog: doesn't mean you have to keep doing
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Why do people who can't take advice
dialog: always insist on giving it?
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: You think I can't take my own
dialog: advice?
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 85.
speaker_heading: 166 CONTINUED: (2) 166
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I think something is driving you.
dialog: al And I think I haven't a chance of
dialog: ever finding out what it is.
text: The moment is punctuated by a ANOTHER TEXT arriving on her
text: cell phone. She looks at it:
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: Mathis needs me. Well, good night.
dialog: Congratulations. I'm sure I'll
dialog: see you in the morning before I
dialog: leave.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: She's gone before Bond can recover. He x 9) the waiter.
dialog: = &
speaker_heading: BOND & )
dialog: I'll take another. ~ C\~
text: As he waits, he starts to feel ua i’ He scans the club,
text: looking at the other couples, m bis eyes go to the exit.
dialog: g Pp ANS yes g
speaker_heading: BOND 4S) 228)
dialog: (to the wait, ® t
dialog: to Hansa
dialog: hen
dialog: Mathis? a
dialog: = . —
speaker_heading: YY
text: He gets up. ygeriddy through the candlelit room, a feeling
dialog: of dread g ‘hag a
speaker_heading: SSI
speaker_heading: FORECOURH(”
dialog: ON.
dialog: Bonk Ke:
dialog: pee 7
text: The: to his side - a FAINT CRY. His head spins. In the
text: gloon, a door slams on a DARK SEDAN. The engine growls
text: and the sedan shoots out of the shadows, raking up pebbles
text: as it fishtails off the forecourt.
dialog: 
text: S his pace, down the steps, staring into the
dialog: 
text: Bond just catches sight of Vesper in the back before a
text: hand pushes her down.
text: He runs to the Aston Martin, ROARS after it.
scene_heading: 167 EXT/INT. CAR - TWO LANE ROAD -- NIGHT 167
text: The lead car quickly disappears from sight -- no other
text: cars on the country road, as Bond screams along the two-
text: lane blacktop, twisting through the the countryside,
text: eal downshifting as he hits a slight hill and stomping on the
text: accelerator so that all four wheels leave the earth.
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 167
text: As the front wheels crash down to earth he sees:
speaker_heading: VESPER
text: lying in the middle of the road, directly in his path!
text: She props up on her elbow, sees the car about to make
dialog: impact !
speaker_heading: BOND
text: throws the wheel to the right.
speaker_heading: THE ASTON
text: veers sharply, narrowly missing her. io ditch
text: and flips, smashing upside down into a a
speaker_heading: BOND'S HEAD NE
dialog: 
text: hits the windshield and CRACKS i, SO. blacks out. We
text: COME UP FROM BLACK as his ne NS rtyer open...
scene_heading: KRATT AND ANOTHER THUG
speaker_heading: C
text: drag him from the mm ey. by the headlights from
text: two cars, Bond's 2S ‘sClose. BLACKNESS. UNTIL:
dialog: aw
text: digs into oR = of his hand; his hand pinned to the dirt
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: A KNIFE
text: by Kratt's ENKA removes the bloody tracking device
text: and snaps “ shut. BLACKNESS AGAIN.
speaker_heading: BOND'S E
text: ase 2 he is pulled into.
dialog: fi
text: and S. onto the floor of the back seat. Just before
text: his eyes close again he glimpses LE CHIFFRE climb into the
text: front seat, a cell phone to his ear.
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Mathis? We've got him.
text: Le Chiffre snaps the phone closed and nods to the driver,
text: who takes off into the night, the second car following.
text: Bond's eyes close again and everything goes BLACK.
scene_heading: EXT. AN ABANDONED COUNTRY HOUSE -- NIGHT 168
text: The cars brake, kicking up a cloud of dust.
dialog: 
dialog: 169
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 87.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED COUNTRY HOUSE - BASEMENT 169
text: Bond's eyes open as he is dropped on the floor by the two
text: THUGS who dragged him in, his hands bound behind him. The
text: first thing he sees is
speaker_heading: KRATT
text: cutting the seat out of a cane-bottomed chair. Bond's
text: eyes flick to...
speaker_heading: VESPER
text: being dragged by Valenka and another thug Zeon at the
text: far end of the basement. The door vag ig) them.
speaker_heading: KRATT
text: slices the clothes off Bond's beds neh? he lies naked on
dialog: the floor.
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE eS
dialog: leans against a tables er ‘ee the kind of junk one
text: finds in a basement. ST eepete -beater in his hand.
speaker_heading: & = TPFRE
dialog: You've ta fod care of your
dialog: body &<Suce waste.
text: Bond is lift tae onto the cane chair, his feet bound.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: ee be re going to bring a table
dialog: well, I'll have a coffee.
dialog: LON yes.
dialog: e)welt t want to fall asleep on
text: wnt returns.
speaker_heading: VALENKA
dialog: I can't find the pliers.
text: Le Chiffre spots them, hands them to her and she walks
text: off. Bond catches a glimpse of Vesper with the door open.
text: She sits naked, her back to us. Valenka closes the door.
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE
dialog: I'll need your attention here.
text: Sitting across from Bond, Le Chiffre flicks his wrist
text: upward. We hear the impact of the carpet-beater. Bond
text: convulses in agony.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I knew you'd be a sore loser.
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 88.
speaker_heading: 169 CONTINUED: 169
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE
dialog: "Me" sore?
text: Another flick of the wrist. Bond shrieks and slumps.
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE (CONT'D)
dialog: I never understood all these
dialog: elaborate tortures. It is the
dialog: simplest thing to cause more pain
dialog: than a man can possibly endure.
dialog: And of course, it is not only the
dialog: immediate agony, but the knowledge |
dialog: that if you do not yield soon
dialog: enough, there will be little sea),
dialog: to identify you as a man. The O
dialog: only question remains, will
dialog: yield in time? ey”
text: He strikes, Bond bites his lip cash Yan scream.
speaker_heading: LE CHIFF, 'D)
dialog: Ms. Lynd will give le account
dialog: number, if she h Ne
dialog: and I will the sie sp irse insert
dialog: my own. All eee you is
dialog: the ma .
dialog: Hm, E.kave™a, little itch there,
dialog: would a ind?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Angered, L ffre hits even harder. James grimaces but
dialog: 
dialog: doesn't cryseut.
speaker_heading: a ©) BOND (CONT'D)
dialog: AY at was good, but a little to the
dialog: a Syiett..
dialog: yD (he hits again)
dialog: Yes!!! Thank you, perfect.
dialog: 
dialog: (recovers)
dialog: Now you can tell all your friends
dialog: that you died scratching my balls.
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: I died? T died.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Yes. Because no matter what you
dialog: do, I'm not going to tell you the
dialog: password, which means your clients
dialog: will hunt you down and cut you
dialog: into tiny pieces of meat while you
dialog: are still breathing. And by killing
dialog: me you'll have lost your only chance
dialog: for a safe haven.
dialog: See ee ee eee s eae ee ee
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 89.
speaker_heading: 169 CONTINUED: (2) 169
text: Le Chiffre goes to hit Bond again. Bond's whole body tenses
text: in anticipation, eyes squeezed tight - but the blow never
text: See" comes. He opens his eyes to a sadistic grin.
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE
dialog: Oh, but you are wrong. Because
dialog: even after I have slaughtered you
dialog: and the girl, your people will
text: still welcome me with open arms.
dialog: Because they need what I know.
text: Bond recognizes this harsh truth. HEARS a scream from the
text: room at the far end of the basement. Bond “es not to
dialog: react.
dialog: dv i,
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE Tha’
dialog: Give me the password and I
dialog: least let her live. event
dialog: enough and she might We NS) ee
dialog: one piece.
speaker_heading: BOND && Ss >
dialog: oe Bond.
dialog: os
speaker_heading: Z @y TFFRE
dialog: enw You reall 't going to tell me,
dialog: are you? », I think.
text: Le Chiffre bijn ge Wis leg up, kicks Bond square in the
text: chest. i fits tips backwards and Bond's head hits the
text: floor. WO: goes BLACK...and as he opens his eyes to
dialog: fight tou(e séiousness he only sees FLASHES of the
dialog: "oy mS
dialog: ..Sorry.
dialog: He brings the carpet-beati
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE (V.O.) (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: (over BLACK)
dialog: I am going to cut this short.
text: pond sees Le Chiffre's knife flash open. He kneels behind
text: the chair, apparently to slice off his genitals off screen.
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE (CONT'D)
dialog: And feed you what you seem not to
dialog: value.
text: Bond BLACKS OUT and we HEAR the sound of a silenced weapon.
text: One shot, then a grouping. Bond struggles back from the
text: EDGE and through a dutched and partially blocked camera we
text: see a man in SHADOWS stride out of the room where Vesper
text: was being tortured. BLACK AGAIN as...
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
dialog: ~ereee!
dialog: 17.
dialog: 172
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 169
speaker_heading: LE CHIFFRE (O0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: (over black)
dialog: No, tell him. Tell him I will get
dialog: the money!
text: BACK UP and we see Bond's tortured point of view. MR.
text: WHITE, the man with the shadowed face stands over Le
dialog: Chiffre.
speaker_heading: MR. WHITE
dialog: Money isn't as valuable as knowing
dialog: who to trust.
text: He fires a silenced shot. Le Chiffre dis vena Bond's
text: view. Mr. White fires two more shots doyii hat we
text: assume is Le Chiffre's head.
text: White turns to look at Bond. Bo ew ». his eyes
text: open. We drift to BLACK and SILE teen GLIMPSE:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - ew fev) NIGHT 170
text: Bond's head must be on its as we see what looks like
dialog: blurred legs moving ntea’@y Yorsos, god-awful-hospital-
text: green walls, accompaniedst ;ARBLE of VOICES: An E.R.
text: mixing with the HOSPI A. paging someone. AND VESPER'S
text: NURSE monitoring his se “s RESIDENT barking orders,
speaker_heading: SCREAM.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ze
text: A FACE of anothess font, a woman on a parked gurney,
text: stares back BondYas he passes -- SOLANGE, lying dead,
text: eyes locke a\his, her look asking why he did this to
dialog: her. Bond ye his head to keep watching. It's the
text: last ima 7B sees before he PASSES OUT again. From
speaker_heading: BLACK Re IMPSE
speaker_heading: D4
scene_heading: ING ROOM - BOND'S POV 171
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: AC HONY of VOICES as the medical team swirls in and
text: most?y out of focus around Bond. A BLURRY NURSE, masked
text: head to toe, puts a mask over Bond's nose and mouth and
text: asks him to "count backward from one hundred." James slips
text: uncomfortably into BLACKNESS. Then GLIMPSE:
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE CLINIC - RECOVERY ROOM -~ DAYS LATER 172
text: A BLUR OF IMAGES...A NURSE pumping James' leg toward his
text: gut, noticing his flickering eyes.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER NURSE
dialog: (garbled, then:)
dialog: .conscious!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 91.
speaker_heading: 172 CONTINUED: 172
scene_heading: ANOTHER RESIDENT
dialog: (moving toward
dialog: ne him/garbled voice)
dialog: .increasing dosage by 20 cc's....
text: He jabs a needle into James' arm. Notice that Bond's
text: stubble is quite thick. He catches a blurred glimpse of
text: VESPER. She sees his eyes fluttering and moves closer.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (barely a whisper)
dialog: . Vesper?
text: Then MATHIS steps in close to her and snipe yy the
text: arm. JAMES' breathing becomes panicked. ES a)
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D) @y”
dialog: (barely audible) £&
dialog: Not him.
dialog: 11)
text: Eyes close and we're in BLACK ee
speaker_heading: VESP
dialog: --drug induced ree to heal.
text: FLASHES of blurred met ie now interrupt the
speaker_heading: Sd
dialog: darkness. A )
speaker_heading: \JAMES (V.O.)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Ox
dialog: . Not
speaker_heading: VESPER (V.O.)
dialog: ft the doctor.
text: As wae with its blurry shapes...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: bes JAMES
dialog: yy Don't trust him.
text: The fhapes take focus -- it's Vesper hurrying out of the
text: recovery room. Suddenly MATHIS appears right beside him.
speaker_heading: MATHIS
dialog: James, listen to me. You're in
dialog: good hands.
text: James sees that he is cocooned in hi-tech foil 'sheets'
text: held off his lower abdomen by a blanket of air, with drips
text: and monitors connected to him on both sides.
speaker_heading: MATHIS. (CONT'D)
dialog: There's no way to know what kind
dialog: of damage has been caused, but the
dialog: Sen wounds didn't become infected, so
dialog: there's a good chance....
dialog: 
dialog: 172
dialog: 173
dialog: 
dialog: issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 92.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2) 172
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Water?
speaker_heading: MATHIS
dialog: Ice chips are about all you get.
text: As Mathis turns and empties the plastic glass, pours in
text: more ice chips...Bond checks the trolleys, spots SCISSORS
text: on a nearby table. He stretches out of the bed for them...
text: Bond grabs the scissors and goes CRASHING to the floor,
text: his world tumbling upside down and GOING BLACK as everything
text: CLATTERS and SMASHES to the tile around him, SO BLACK:
speaker_heading: MATHIS (V.O.) (conn) a
dialog: Any ideas?
dialog: What?
dialog: 173
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. CLINIC PORCH -- DAY
text: Bond opens his eyes to see in a robe, a few days
text: stronger, but still weak, jase) in a wheelchair taking
text: in the breeze from Lake nee Mathis sits opposite him.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: (w e two of you alive.
dialog: Why they
dialog: ze
speaker_heading: AS BOND
dialog: Wheye is \whe?
speaker_heading: Sd MATHIS
dialog: aeping. And I'm supposed to get
dialog: to drink this.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ING 7
text: fats -p\ypours liquid from a container, stirs...we only
dialog: ee Tenet he is doing, he could be putting anything in
dialog: eitota Bond knows it.
dialog: vy
speaker_heading: MATHIS (CONT'D)
dialog: It's just odd, killing everyone
dialog: else but leaving you and her
text: untouched. Almost as if someone
dialog: was trying to tell us something.
dialog: Get a look at the killer?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MATHIS
dialog: Shame. Drink up.
text: Bond spots TWO MEN walking toward them along the porch,
text: behind Mathis. Professionals, by the way they walk. They
text: could be coming to kill him or just collect the body.
dialog: 
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 173
speaker_heading: MATHIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Anything else you remember?
dialog: Anything that can help us?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Help us or help you?
text: Mathis' suddenly understands.
speaker_heading: MATHIS
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Just a little too much. S
text: Suddenly there's a needle jabbed into i a Geox. He
text: tries to mouth some words but quickly out. The two
text: a stretcher, covering him ina “é ‘An Mi6é "attendant"
text: in white wheels him away. >
speaker_heading: —
text: James closes his eyes and ory to sleep. BLACK. A
scene_heading: MOMENT. > SY
dialog: aa
scene_heading: EXT. CLINIC PORCH - yy DAY 174
dialog: men lift him and whisk him cee aes aN ae ha door and onto
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Bond wakes in a Sees lounge chair. His stubble has turned
text: into quite a megan 22 beard. Vesper sits beside him,
dialog: more Bie pan ever.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Ga you alright?
speaker_heading: A): x VESPER
dialog: €) (ve: her bandaged
dialog: a fingers)
dialog: Nothing that can't heal.
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: I'm being awful. I can't resist
dialog: waking you. Every time I do, you
dialog: look at me as if you haven't seen
dialog: me in months. It's so lovely.
dialog: Makes me feel...reborn.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: If you were just born wouldn't you
dialog: be naked?
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: See, you have me there.
text: A moment, now admits.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 94.
speaker_heading: 174 CONTINUED : 174
speaker_heading: VESPER (CONT'D)
dialog: The truth is...you can have me
dialog: rd anywhere.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (a little surprised)
dialog: I can, can 1?
text: She climbs onto the arm of his chair and drapes her arms
text: around his neck.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: Yes. Here. There. Anywhere you,<
dialog: like. (ex
speaker_heading: e CZ
speaker_heading: BOND < Sy he
dialog: Would you say you are warmi t
dialog: me? gS & S ae
speaker_heading: VESPER ew
dialog: Yes, that's how I woul, “dgscribe
text: it. MSS”
speaker_heading: ma WS
speaker_heading: BON) (7 yy”
dialog: Because not Ege ng ago I would
dialog: have we ckeeee\ One feelings toward
dialog: me as.. Aet(\me nd a better word
dialog: than loathing:
dialog: Aes
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: . Nem a complicated woman.
speaker_heading: ) BOND
dialog: I
speaker_heading: iN
dialog: Va Jis something to fear.
speaker_heading: eS
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: Ase where would you like me?
speaker_heading: Y BOND
dialog: I'm afraid "like" is not the
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: ..-How does it feel?
speaker_heading: BOND
text: Mostly numb, fortunately.
dialog: (sees someone approach)
dialog: Speaking of numb.
text: Vesper turns to see Mendel, the Swiss banker, approach
text: with a briefcase. She shifts back onto her own seat, but
text: doesn't try and hide their closeness.
dialog: 
dialog: \ssued to Production Dec 20, 2005 95.
speaker_heading: 174 CONTINUED: (2) 174
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: Mr. Mendel. How are things in
dialog: soe Switzerland?
text: Mendel doesn't crack a smile. He opens his briefcase,
dialog: under:
speaker_heading: MENDEL
dialog: My apologies, I do not mean to
dialog: rush, but a hundred and twenty
dialog: million is a large sum of money.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (sharing Vesper's
dialog: game) ‘y
dialog: Didn't bring us any chocolat SS &
dialog: anything? ep 7
speaker_heading: MENDEL SCY
dialog: I'm afraid not. J)
dialog: (to Vesper) Y
dialog: If you would type i Vaccount
dialog: number? Sy
speaker_heading: Y
speaker_heading: C4
text: She types the number in {ce hncroter. He turns to Bond:
speaker_heading: ep (CONT'D)
dialog: word?
dialog: _
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: sper)
dialog: & op enter it.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: route, darling, if I knew what
dialog: SS @ was.
speaker_heading: xe DS
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Q) (as she types)
dialog: V...E...S...
dialog: 
text: She looks at him. He smiles. She is touched to point of
text: tears. Forcing them away, she types in P-E-R. Mendel
text: closes the briefcase.
speaker_heading: MENDEL
dialog: The funds have been transferred.
dialog: Sorry for disturbing you.
text: Mendel walks off. Vesper hides the fact that she is a
text: little overwhelmed by the password. Finally...
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: ‘oxen? You know, James...
dialog: 174
dialog: 175
dialog: 
dialog: issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3) 174
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (deflecting)
dialog: Yes. Tall fellow, dark hair,
dialog: thought he knew who he was...?
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: Shhh. I just want you to know,
dialog: that if all that was left of you
dialog: was your smile and your little
dialog: finger, you would still be more of
dialog: aman than anyone I've ever met.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Well, that's because you know wi
dialog: I can do with that little finggr. AY
dialog: aa
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: I have no idea!
speaker_heading: ACY & € 2
speaker_heading: BOND e
dialog: But you are aching te.
dialog: 
dialog: &
speaker_heading: NY
text: XN cooks at him and speaks
dialog: oa mmer .
dialog: You arent SS let me in there,
dialog: f got your armor
dialog: ve
dialog: SCthat ‘2 that.
text: She shifts back onto her cha
dialog: the truth with a omite,
dialog: 
text: Bond conside aol lifts his hand, crooks his little
text: finger and Ons her closer. She leans in, they kiss
text: tenderly. Ws speaks the truth in a whisper.
speaker_heading: 0 BOND
dialog: a ave no armor left. You stripped
dialog: ys vit off me and tossed it away.
dialog: 5S Whatever is left of me.
speaker_heading: SZ
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: Shhhh.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Whatever is left, whatever I am...1
dialog: am yours.
text: She looks into his eyes, overwhelmed by this simple, brave
text: declaration, and finally kisses him -- tenderly, then
dialog: deeper.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE CLINIC - JAMES! RECOVERY ROOM -- WEEKS LATER 175
scene_heading: RAIN OUTSIDE.
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: 177
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 175
text: The two lovers, locked in a passionate kiss, stumble through
text: the porch door and onto the hospital bed, Vesper landing
text: atop him as the two desperately pull off each other's
text: clothes, their lips parting only long enough for a garment
text: to pass over a head. Bond is now CLEAN SHAVEN.
text: Vesper's hand slides down across James' stomach. We cut
text: to their faces before her hand finds it's mark. Her coy
text: smile tells us what we need to know, as does James.
text: He rolls her over and the two tumble recklessly off camera
text: onto the floor, with a clatter of falling trays, a scream
text: and a burst of off-screen laughter. In the foreground
text: another piece of hospital equipment topple Gh hey destroy
text: the room from below screen. The door in bite sisproons
dialog: we've been holding on is flung open ands vant “ned YOUNG
text: NURSE bursts in. Her face changes ansiang when she sees
speaker_heading: 1 oN
dialog: what we can't. RC)
dialog: 
dialog: YOUNG NURSE”
dialog: Oh, scuzzi, sours eA)
speaker_heading: XS
dialog: oe
text: And she disappears with eae urtive glance back. In
dialog: 
text: the foreground an unused falls and knocks over
text: another tray, resulting . her burst of Vesper's
text: laughter, which quick ERERS to gasps of consuming
speaker_heading: Y
dialog: pleasure. A »)
scene_heading: EXT. YACHT - AGEN SEA, -- DAY 176
dialog: 
text: of the holds ying Vesper. Both are naked, and damn if
dialog: James' arms’ ‘t just in the wrong places, so all we get
dialog: al
speaker_heading: oS
dialog: is teased? )
speaker_heading: ~ VESPER
speaker_heading: po RSE
dialog: A): Sono. No, that's not going to happen.
dialog: x) James, I'm serious. This is my
dialog: serious face. Do you see it?
dialog: You're good at reading people,
dialog: what does this face say?
text: Anchored in pembera lonely bay. James climbs up out
dialog: xo
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (still moving)
dialog: It says I know I'm saying don't
dialog: drop me in the water but don't
dialog: believe me for a second.
text: Vesper screams as James flings her over the side and then
text: dives in after her.
scene_heading: EXT. SURFACE OF BEAUTIFUL BAY -- CONTINUOUS 177
text: vesper surfaces and throws back her hair. James comes up
text: beneath and behind her and wraps his hands around her waist.
dialog: 
dialog: nia
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 98.
speaker_heading: 177 CONTINUED: 177
text: The two tumble and bob in the water as they talk, the hints
text: of their naked bodies under the rippling water only make
dialog: “ener” this that much more delicious.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: So, tell me Mié is going to give
dialog: you a well deserved vacation, and
dialog: we can float around the world.
dialog: As if considering it for the first time:
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: I like this yacht thing. zs
dialog: 6
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: Yes, it's you.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: You think?
speaker_heading: VESPER
text: Secluded bay, cleayX
dialog: woman, very Oe
dialog: ag <7)
dialog: (looks axound,
dialog: fete} lake? gi it)
dialog: ee Huh. oe 3
dialog: os SS
dialog: He swims for the ea
speaker_heading: S
text: 178 ON THE wang ,
speaker_heading: ON
text: Sethe waterline, rests on the sand. She swims
text: herself up onto his chest.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: she races him.
dialog: 
dialog: 178
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: AY BOND
dialog: NG ) Well, I suppose M won't miss me
dialog: A for at least a day or two. She
text: has her hands full sweating Mathis.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: ..-Mathis?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Remember I told him about Le
dialog: Chiffre's "tell." Well Mathis
dialog: told Le Chiffre and that's how he
dialog: wiped me out.
dialog: (re: healing wound)
dialog: Same with the implant, though I
dialog: can't say I'm overly sad about
dialog: . losing that.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: ...I can't believe it.
dialog: st”
dialog: “seme
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: That's why we're called spies,
dialog: 99.
dialog: 178
dialog: dear. If people spotted our true
dialog: intentions too easily they'd have
dialog: to come up with another name for
dialog: us. Stooges, for example.
dialog: (more thought fully)
dialog: It was in plain sight. But I
dialog: thought he had my back. Lesson
dialog: learned.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: Does everyone have a tell?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (studying her face)
dialog: Everyone but you. I wonder ( )
dialog: that's why I love you. at
dialog: thing. SN
dialog: 
dialog: (thrown)
dialog: You love me? «
dialog: us has ~
dialog: it wilt to be you, I don't
dialog: think now what an honest job
dialog: is y
dialog: We
text: But Vesper 4 longer playing the game.
text: face tow y and looks into his eyes.
dialog: /
dialog: e
speaker_heading: Sw
speaker_heading: Bi
dialog: t
dialog: Enough to q ag Foe around
dialog: the owe uu, until one of
dialog: ° .
dialog: have
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ‘ VESPER
dialog: ou're serious.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: (finally opening up)
dialog: Like you said. You do what I do
dialog: for too long and there won't be
dialog: any soul left to salvage. I'm
text: leaving with what little is left
dialog: of mine, It enough for you?
text: Vesper smiles, deeply touched, and reaches
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: ... Yeah,
text: She kisses him deeply.
scene_heading: EXT. YACHT -- UNDER SAIL -- DAWN
text: Vesper steers their small yacht toward the
dialog: 
dialog: honest job. Think
text: She turns Bond's
dialog: for him.
dialog: 179
dialog: shimmering city
dialog: See
dialog: 
dialog: 179
dialog: 180
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 179
text: in the distance -- VENICE.
text: Bond types a message into his handheld:
text: "] HEREBY TENDER MY RESIGNATION WITH IMMEDIATE EFFECT."
text: He presses SEND.
scene_heading: EXT. CANAL -- VENICE -- EARLY MORNING 180
text: Their yacht motors down the narrow canal. Vesper looks up
text: at a passing building, a subsiding palazzo held in place
text: by floats and an undignified girdle of scaffélding.
text: Something about the image is disquieting. &
speaker_heading: eG OD avo
text: A tourist in a Panama hat stands near he ilsnapping
text: photos, pointing his camera in their (vex on. When he
text: lowers his camera she sees that his gbasses have one
text: darkened lens. Vesper studies hi ov\ja moment, then he
text: lifts the camera again and point” just over her head.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Vesper turns and follows his ae ees a fabulously
text: bedecked wedding party ste ffom the church steps into
text: their waiting gondolas. eter solved.
text: James catches her loo! Bag et the wedding party and smiles.
dialog: Vesper blushes ans{ge Ss Ee k to paddling.
scene_heading: INT. FABULOUS 3! vine VENETIAN HOTEL -- MORNING 181
text: They are nak aga) and Vesper surfaces from the sheets
text: and covers; fhayfully fighting Bond off.
speaker_heading: (es VESPER
dialog: i to) enough. Stop. I can barely
dialog: AY S 1k as it is. If you hadn't
dialog: La he ‘noticed, it has been quite a while
dialog: “¢ )) for me.
speaker_heading: SY JAMES
dialog: For me, as well.
text: Vesper looks at him and then bursts out laughing. James
dialog: takes just a little offense to this. Slightly defensive:
speaker_heading: JAMES (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you laughing at?
text: She snorts she's laughing so hard. Searches the covers:
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: Where's the camera? I need a
dialog: picture of that face.
text: Which makes James even more defensive, which she finds
text: endlessly charming, seeing this small flaw in this otherwise
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 181
dialog: almost perfect man.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I meant since it meant something.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: (laughing harder)
dialog: Oh, that's so much better.
text: She snaps a photo.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You know I do have a license to
dialog: 2
dialog: kill. 5) .
speaker_heading: ) SZ
text: And he goes after her. She scrambles £f* Mea and out
text: of the endless tangle of covers. G
dialog: ~
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: Had, You gave it up £67
dialog: remember? Q
speaker_heading: RY”
dialog: (he grabs her,
dialog: escapes) o
dialog: Ah! No, no, I hee YY get to the
dialog: bank. What ti BAL?
dialog: (finds wat
dialog: They'11 feel By pening. How much
dialog: do you fi swe need to float for
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: a momtheoo
speaker_heading: e ‘% JAMES
dialog: 5 ave, plenty.
speaker_heading: St VESPER
speaker_heading: NN
dialog: ee) I intend to pay for my half of
dialog: x ‘our aimless wanderings.
dialog: ys 2
text: oh § her t-shirt on the floor and tugs it on. Bond
text: pro: imself against the end of the bed and pulls the
text: cover$ around him, studying her as she dresses.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You stopped wearing it. Your
dialog: necklace.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: Ah. Yeah. It was time.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Time enough to get over someone?
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: To realize...
dialog: (a smile)
dialog: ..that sometimes you can run away
dialog: from the past.
dialog: 
dialog: issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 102.
speaker_heading: 181 CONTINUED: (2) 181
text: As James tries to read her unreadable smile, Vesper's cell
text: phone rings. She finds it in her upside down purse --
text: checks the read-out. Her face changes for just a second.
speaker_heading: VESPER (CONT'D)
dialog: Though apparently not your employer.
dialog: (typing reply:)
dialog: "Back in one month."
dialog: (drops it on the table)
dialog: Come on. Walk me down. I'11 get
dialog: money, you get supplies.
scene_heading: 182 INT. HOTEL LOBBY -- VENICE -- MORNING < 182
speaker_heading: oF
text: Bond and Vesper step out of the crevaor (eri 3 arm. As
text: they walk toward the front door someth} gat Kiés her eye.
text: Bond follows her second glance, notic cD
speaker_heading: EXER
text: The MAN with the Panama hat and onblaayeenea lens talking
text: to the CONCIERGE. The man turns¢andNieads for the bar.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: As they reach THE FRONT srergi(
speaker_heading: eo9 NS
dialog: BOW) @) a
dialog: Someone you know?
dialog: i
speaker_heading: oN,
dialog: exe
dialog: NY aw7him on the canal.
dialog: & SS
speaker_heading: \ BOND
dialog: It as 1 town. Meet you back
dialog: 2 Rp half an hour?
dialog: 
text: They Kise pn ‘ahe takes off toward San Marco Square. Only
text: when she gone does Bond betray his suspicions. He steps
text: Q THE HOTEL.
dialog: ba t
speaker_heading: Vow S
text: Gone phones the concierge and slips him a bill.
speaker_heading: BOND (CONT'D)
dialog: The man in there. Reminds me of a
dialog: friend I know who lost his eye.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: Mister Gettler.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: That's him. What does he do now?
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
text: Mr. Gettler repairs watches. He
dialog: is here for the conference.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: There's a conference for watch
dialog: repairmen?
dialog: 
dialog: 182
dialog: 183
dialog: 184
dialog: issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 103 .
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 182
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: There's a conference for everything,
dialog: sir.
text: Bond walks to where he can see GETTLER, who stands at the
text: bar talking animatedly with a tall man who is showing him
text: a pocket watch. Satisfied, Bond heads back to the elevator.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR 183
text: James' handheld rings just as the doors close. Answering
dialog: it:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JAMES JO
dialog: Hello?....Hold on, I'm in the ke ¢
dialog: ...-in a Lift.... INA... (2 Qe
text: James reacts at his own remiatergye Ga the call.
dialog: )
scene_heading: INT. FABULOUS SUITE - GRAND VENEeS HOTEL 184
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: James enters and walks to ches sw, hoping to catch a
text: glimpse of Vesper in the bi Rigeza. No trace of her,
dialog: but Gettler, the man wit ee mama hat, and his tall
text: friend weave through the crew James turns away from the
text: room. He notices Vesper's
text: window and looks around
text: cell phone on the ake. or some reason this strikes him
text: as odd -- she's nevi it behind before. His handheld
dialog: rings and he a wee :
speaker_heading: vebin YY JAMES
speaker_heading: Ss
dialog: (P we M (0.8.)
dialog: 3 aN that's better; it sounded as
dialog: ) 4£ you were in a lift.
dialog: Eo Sy?
dialog: “ , ») JAMES
dialog: SY That is odd.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: He picks up Vesper's phone, looking at it with curiosity.
speaker_heading: M (O.S.)
dialog: I got your note.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yes, I figured you'd be calling.
speaker_heading: M (O.S.)
dialog: We'll talk about that later. Right
dialog: now I have a lovely man from the
dialog: Treasury here wondering if you're
dialog: ever going to deposit the winnings.
text: This hits James like a sledgehammer, but he betrays nothing.
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 104.
dialog: 184
dialog: 185
dialog: 186
dialog: 187
dialog: 188
dialog: 189
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 184
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I was thinking of using it as a
dialog: stake to win myself a small nest
dialog: egg.
scene_heading: INT, M'S OFFICE 185
text: She plays to a nervous senior TREASURY OFFICIAL.
speaker_heading: M
dialog: Yes, I told them not to worry. So
dialog: you'll be depositing it today.
scene_heading: INT. FABULOUS SUITE - GRAND VENETIAN mR Oy 186
text: James thumbs buttons on Vesper's phone oy © OQ
speaker_heading: JAMES ee
dialog: On my way to the bank r oS ow.
text: James disconnects and dials me veld as he exits the
dialog: room.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR ee 187
text: Bond takes the stairs &s egs threatening to give way
dialog: under him. He se sae fper's cell for messages.
dialog: . <S,
dialog: (anh his handheld)
dialog: Mr please.... Mr. Mendel,
dialog: as oe. I'm having a little
dialog: fea pone a the funds I
dialog: Sdited in my account.
dialog: o& oi
text: The tiutext message on Vesper's phone reads "WAITING
text: " The stairwell starts to spin around him.
scene_heading: INT? KER MENDEL'S OFFICE 188
text: Mendel taps his computer keyboard.
speaker_heading: MENDEL
dialog: It was transferred to the account
dialog: number your company gave us, Mr.
dialog: Bond. It appears the funds are
dialog: actually being withdrawn as we
dialog: speak.
speaker_heading: JAMES (Q.S.)
dialog: Where?
scene_heading: INT, HOTEL STAIRCASE 189
text: Bond reads Vesper's text reply: COMING NOW.
dialog: Sanne
dialog: 189
dialog: 190
dialog: 
dialog: issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 105 .
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 189
speaker_heading: MENDEL (0.S.)
dialog: The Venice branch, of course.
dialog: Saint Marcos Square.
text: James breaks into a full run,
scene_heading: EXT. VENICE -- DAY 190
text: Assaulted by the noise and swirl of the crowd, his blood
text: boiling, Bond careens through the crowds as he approaches
text: Saint Marcos Square. He finds the BANK, looks inside --
text: no sign of Vesper. He steps back into the square, searching
text: for a trace of her in the crowds. He spots & flash of her
text: dress and an aluminum briefcase disappearing Into an alley.
text: He takes off running. Follows her into. “)
dialog: or \e7
speaker_heading: NY
text: THE MAZE OF CANALS AND ALLEYS @ yy
dialog: IS foo
text: in time to see her disappear on cnstesy side of a canal.
text: James leaps onto the roof of a p, Ssing’ funeral launch,
text: rolls onto parked gondolas and-lew onto the opposite
dialog: bank. f C oS.
dialog: ign
text: DEEP IN THE BACK sonsens, of Gop ING VENICE
dialog: 
text: the part tourists eos cans of slop are emptied
text: onto a garbage sc au hy flaps over rusting lawn
text: furniture, boats li pak up awaiting repairs to their
speaker_heading: N
dialog: rotting hulls. A <0
text: 5 Soy ways to go and no sign of his quarry.
dialog: }
dialog: 
dialog: James stops; iO
text: Sounds ech ak grouna him, water lapping, children's voices
text: bouncing ote s. Then the distinctive click of Vesper's
text: shoes on @ofe/ Bond slides his Walther from its holster
text: and ea: eR. vO the pitch black corridor between buildings.
text: Hey or’ the silencer as he nears the mouth, and sees:
speaker_heading: yESY
scene_heading: ER) AND THE TALL MAN
text: fromthe hotel bar stepping in from the opposite direction,
text: approaching Vesper, who waits with the large metal
dialog: briefcase.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: steps into the light. The three turn as they hear:
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Hello, dear. Who are your friends?
text: TALL MAN digs for a weapon. Without breaking his stride
text: James puts two slugs in Tall Man's chest, knocking him
text: down. Gettler pulis Vesper in front of him; his stiletto
text: flicks out of its handle and the tips digs into her neck.
dialog: Seen!
dialog: 190
dialog: 191
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 106 .
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 190
speaker_heading: GETTLER
dialog: I'll kill her.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Allow me.
text: Vesper's eyes widen as James raises his weapon to fire. A
text: fraction of a second before he can pull the trigger...
text: TALL MAN fires his automatic weapon, spraying the courtyard
text: as he rises, revealing a torn shirt over a Kevlar vest.
text: into the narrow back alley, along with her case.
speaker_heading: RD
scene_heading: BRIEF ACTION SEQUENCE: Ny ke 191
dialog: @
text: Bond under automatic weapon itis pa ray. Loses his
dialog: an.
speaker_heading: CoS
text: James dives for cover. Gettler grabs fen Rojee drags her
dialog: Ny
dialog: t
dialog: silenced Walther in canal; kilis
text: Bond heads off after Vesper ang Seepier
speaker_heading: N
dialog: s
scene_heading: THE NARROW ALLEY mS 192
dialog: Cy
text: Leads to a dead end -- sel eral’ buildings open off a tiny
text: pogether by wire girdles.
text: square, their facades CS.
text: A woman in a nearby adw screams at him as he checks the
text: doors. He finds‘\ waked frame, kicks open the door, steps
text: into darkness andy .
dialog: a
scene_heading: INT. DARK aghieagput BUILDING 193
dialog: 
text: ...PLI ‘ Ye grabs something in the dark, gets his
text: wind b nal swings himself back up to the doorframe.
text: wees) he-old woman is still screaming at him. Now he
dialog: wes why
dialog: 
text: In shafts of light coming through the slatted windows,
text: he cah just make out that the floors have been removed.
text: Huge inflated balloons lie in their place, to stop the
text: house from sinking while the foundations are repaired.
text: Half goat, Bond navigates the inch-wide stone shelf that
text: lines the walls, all that's left of the floor. Following
text: the distant, creaking sound of swaying metal, he reaches...
text: THE REMAINS OF A CENTER STAIRWELL
text: surrounding an elevator shaft - just a black pit below.
text: Looking up, Bond spies the cage swaying two stories above...
text: James eases his way up the skeletal stairwell frame,
text: searching the shadows for Gettler.
text: He reaches the top floor and approaches the elevator cage.
dialog: 193
dialog: 194
dialog: 195
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 193
text: Vesper lies on the floor, propped against the far wall,
text: her mouth bloodied. She sees the hatred in Bond's eyes.
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: James...
text: James slams the accordion elevator door shut.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Don't go anywhere, dear. You're
dialog: the big picture. Now, where is
dialog: your--?
dialog: a
text: Vesper's eyes widen. Bond twists in time @ vaqid the
dialog: Cree
text: blade in his back. He grabs Gettler and“ { le into
dialog: ye
speaker_heading: G
dialog: the void. C
dialog: @)
text: They land on the balloon two flog a 4 Gettler's knife
text: puncturing the rubber surface. A, H\jopens, the gigantic
text: air bag splits and the two men pring: nto the basement,
text: wrapped in yards of suffocatin spiastic. THE WHOLE HOUSE
text: CREAKS LOUDLY, a terrible NOSE
dialog: 
dialog: <
speaker_heading: SY.
dialog: - Sy
text: The place drops a few fee (<9 Water POURS IN.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. GRAND CANAL -- D. Ny 194
text: BEAUTIFUL SHOT 0! abe IN THE GRAND CANAL: focus on
text: a row of villas<<cand\the one villa several feet below the
text: level of the oth Sy tilting and sinking...
dialog: ye
scene_heading: INT. DILAP D, HOUSE, GRAND CANAL, VENICE 195
dialog: SS)
text: Gettler ee at Bond, almost gutting him as the HOUSE
text: TILTS KCKS and SUPPORT STRUTS fall all around,
dialog: ing“to brain them.
dialog: threat:
dialog: kon
scene_heading: sORTES ABOVE - THE CAGE
text: thredtens to break away from the landing. Vesper lunges
text: for the accordion door but the cage gives way, swings hard
text: and smashes into the far wall before swaying halfway back.
text: A HUGE CEILING BEAM ABOVE
text: jerks out of its mooring, tips and falls. Vesper SCREAMS
text: as it PUNCHES A HOLE RIGHT THROUGH THE ELEVATOR CAGE.
speaker_heading: BOND
text: hears the crash, looks up just in time to leap out of the
text: way as the beam smashes into the flooded basement.
speaker_heading: GETTLER
text: seizes the advantage, grabbing Bond and pulling him under
dialog: 195
dialog: 196
dialog: 197
dialog: issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 108 .
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 195
text: the surface. The two enemies fight and gouge at each other
text: as timbers, bricks and and jagged tiles puncture the surface
text: of the water and embed themselves in the muddy bottom.
text: The two surface and scramble to the partially flooded first
text: floor, now at 45 degrees and tilting fast.
speaker_heading: ABOVE THEM
text: The elevator cage swings, smashing the door open. Vesper
text: holds on to keep from falling out as the safety cable
text: threatens to give way.
dialog: BErow ee ,
text: Gettler grabs a shard of fallen timber rigrivds it into
text: Bond's gut -- not fatally but enough ee Se serious pain.
text: Bond screams, falls back, yanks the;reygh“hewn spear out
text: of his side and drives it into Get as throat. As he
text: dies, Bond hears the safety cable. ae give way and the
dialog: cage fall another ten feet. ~ 2
dialog: ae te
dialog: 
dialog: .s ~
text: James races to the next fl Non) dives across the divide.
text: Vesper sees Bond working h wi around to the open cage
text: door. She uses all her ' ath to fling herself across
text: the cage and grab fe . She slams it shut just before
dialog: 2
dialog: x
text: Bond reaches it and di ive the hook home to lock it.
speaker_heading: SF
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Bond looks at kez the fuck is she doing? She forces
text: something into nik hand -- the necklace.
dialog: Sp
dialog: Ne ¥
speaker_heading: wees VESPER
dialog: Hw see him--
dialog: ep I
dialog: Bond vaqitfek the accordion door, it won't open.
speaker_heading: oN Bs, .
dialog: SS
dialog: ) Y pall on it!
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VESPER
dialog: If you see him...tell him I'm sorry.
dialog: But I fell in love.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: ...Who??
text: The cable snaps and the cage plunges two stories and sinks.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAND CANAL 196
text: The house threatens to topple into the canal.
scene_heading: INT. DILAPIDATED HOUSE, GRAND CANAL, VENICE 197
text: James fights through the murky water, desperately chasing
text: the sinking cage.
dialog: ae
dialog: eae!
dialog: 
dialog: \ssued to Production Dec 20, 2005 109.
dialog: 197
dialog: 198
dialog: 199
dialog: 200
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 197
text: In the elevator, Vesper sees Bond coming and backs away.
text: Bond grabs the gate and pulls on it with all his might,
text: trying to force it open, desperate to get to her.
text: Vesper swims across the cage, reaches through the accordion
text: door and pulls James' head toward her. And kisses him.
text: She breaks away and opens her mouth, taking in water.
text: Bond reaches through the cage, grabs her and yanks her to
text: him -- forcing the air from his lungs into hers. She frees
text: herself and looks at him. If she could cry under water
text: she would. She opens her mouth again, gulpsin the muddy
text: water and drowns herself. ‘
dialog: A ©)
dialog: Sei Ae the
text: syne finds a ledge,
dialog: o.
dialog: y trying to force
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: James yanks open the door, grabs her a
text: surface. As the house falls around t
text: pulls her up and pounds on her ches! a :
dialog: the water out of her lungs. wl »
dialog: Cs
dialog: Coe SS
text: As even their small purchase di: aQ0e) rs underwater, Bond
text: finds a window and pulls her sate h him onto the shore.
speaker_heading: NN
scene_heading: EXT. GRAND CANAL -- CONTI gy” 198
speaker_heading: CO
text: James pulls her onto t Supblestones and seals his mouth
dialog: over hers, desper: dork By mg to bring her back to life.
speaker_heading: LCs:
text: A crowd gathers, ;Jsomeone tries to pull him away
text: from her -- ravi bangs his fists on her chest, crying
dialog: out...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 7
scene_heading: WIDE SHOT OF TRAGEDY
text: A pair o glasses with gold rims drop down in the
text: corner .6 frame, held by the unseen man who stands
text: Just 3 Screen in extreme foreground. MR. WHITE taps the
text: g SSE ‘inst his leg, then turns and walks away...leaving
dialog: =e another day.
scene_heading: EXT. 2BEAUTIFUL BAY - THE AEGEAN SEA - DUSK 199
dialog: The same spot where we saw the lovers swimming. Bond's
text: yacht bobs softly in the clear water. He sits on the bow,
text: his portable computer in his lap, an earbud in his ear.
speaker_heading: M'S VOICE
dialog: He was Algerian. They met when
dialog: she was on vacation.
scene_heading: INT. M'S OFFICE -- LATE DAY 200
text: Alone at her desk.
dialog: 
dialog: issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 110.
speaker_heading: 200 CONTINUED: 200
speaker_heading: M
dialog: -- he was kidnapped and they
dialog: blackmailed her, threatened to
dialog: kill him unless she cooperated.
dialog: Mis should have caught it...
scene_heading: INTERCUT AS NEEDED:
scene_heading: 201 BACK WITH BOND 201
speaker_heading: M'S VOICE
dialog: ...but sometimes we're so focused
dialog: on our enemies we forget to watch,“
dialog: our friends. oD
speaker_heading: tC
text: on the screen are the candid photos of /1 Soe A6Presner and
dialog: their brief time together. @)
speaker_heading: EX (owe
speaker_heading: NO
speaker_heading: BOND
speaker_heading: SH
dialog: Is he still alive? €
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: M &
dialog: We don't know. §& Rare know he
dialog: was probably i Dey in which
dialog: case she died ying to free a man
text: who betrayed:he rom the start.
dialog: sa edh
dialog: dng?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: See
dialog: 
dialog: & SS
speaker_heading: ie BOND
dialog: velhis SYhoughts elsewhere)
dialog: eft her cell phone, She must
dialog: PRE own I'd check it.
dialog: Py
dialog: ) M
dialog: Sife knew you were you.
dialog: vA (a moment)
text: At least this clears Mathis.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: M
dialog: No?
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: We just proved she was guilty, not
dialog: that he's innocent. It could have
dialog: been a double blind. Keep sweating
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: M
dialog: You don't trust anyone, do you
dialog: “wee James?
dialog: 201
dialog: 202
dialog: 203
dialog: 204
dialog: 
dialog: jssued to Production Dec 20, 2005 111.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: 201
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: M
dialog: Then you've learned your lesson.
dialog: Get back as soon as you can, we
dialog: need you.
speaker_heading: BOND
dialog: Will do.
speaker_heading: M
dialog: ...I£ you do need time... C
speaker_heading: J
dialog: 2
speaker_heading: BOND Ke @
dialog: Why should I need more time? Se. we
dialog: job is done. The bitch is ay
dialog: s Oo
dialog: James? Did you ask yortsae why
dialog: you weren't killed i thet) basement?
speaker_heading: (beat) SOY
dialog: 
dialog: to save your Perhaps she
dialog: even hoped they ould let her live,
dialog: leave y' to in”peace. But she
dialog: was a_ sma ivl; I'm sure she
dialog: knew. he we going to her death.
text: Bond takes thys inSbut doesn't respond. He pulls the plug
text: from his “WS tosses the laptop into the Aegean.
dialog: It's obvious, ism She made
dialog: a deal. She ‘ait e: the money
text: ON THE O' OF THE LINE 202
text: M S the phone, knowing she's just sacrificed a man
text: a spy, and for the briefest of moments, not
dialog: ne iin happy with herself.
speaker_heading: [DERWATER 203
text: The laptop shorts out and the last image of Bond and Vesper
text: disappears. It lands on the bottom of the rocky bay.
text: ON BOARD THE YACHT 204
text: Bond watches it disappear. He looks down at the few
text: personal items of Vesper's that remain and wonders if he
dialog: has the strength to throw them in as well.
text: Then he picks up her cell phone, hits a button, checks the
text: address book...and understands why she left the phone, and
text: is overcome with emotion.
dialog: ns
dialog: Nae”
dialog: 7
dialog: 205
dialog: 
dialog: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 412.
scene_heading: EXT. MEDIEVAL VILLA -- DAY 205
text: Through the stand of cypress trees we spy a car pull up
text: into the courtyard of a villa. A man steps out with a
text: briefcase, Mr. White. His cell phone rings, he answers
dialog: it.
scene_heading: TIGHTER SHOT - THROUGH A TELESCOPIC SIGHT
speaker_heading: MR. WHITE
dialog: Who's this?
dialog: 
text: The cross hairs go from his head to his knee’<~ which
text: explodes as it is struck by a SILENCED ROUND
dialog: no.)
speaker_heading: EO
dialog: ae
text: Mr. White crawls toward the front/dgareciéaving a trail of
text: plood. Feet step into the frame, ocing his path. White
text: looks up to see: o- o
speaker_heading: BOND hss
text: He flips closed Vesper's
scene_heading: ANGLE ON COURTYARD
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: The name James, Bond.
dialog: And yours
text: And as the camarA\g ms up to the heavens WE HEAR, for
text: the FIRST Ge cpebtes ROL strains of the FAMOUS BOND THEME.
dialog: Ls
text: CUT TO BLA CREDITS ROLL.
speaker_heading: “S
speaker_heading: oN)
scene_heading: @. - THE END -
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
