dialog: 
speaker_heading: CAST AWAY
dialog: by
dialog: William Broyles
speaker_heading: THIRD DRAFT
dialog: March 13, 1998
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. MARFA, TEXAS - 1993 - WIDE - DAY
text: The Texas plains, horizon to horizon, nothing but the browns
text: and ochres of earth and the blue and violet of the sky. The
text: sheer scope of it sinks in: the blank slate of nature, the
text: absence of man. On the screen superimpose:
scene_heading: MARFA, TEXAS, 1993.
scene_heading: CREDITS BEGIN.
text: A plume of dust comes into frame. The dust is from a TRUCK,
text: orange and white and violet, with "FedEx" blazoned across the
dialog: side.
text: The truck turns into a collection of ramshackle World War II
text: era Quonset huts and outbuildings. Around the outbuildings
text: are large sculptures of wood and metal.
scene_heading: EXT. QUONSET HUT - DAY
text: The door is opened by a WOMAN in her late twenties. Hair
text: pulled back, casual, an artist. She hands the DRIVER a FedEx
text: BOX which is decorated with a drawing of two ANGEL WINGS.
text: The Driver has a hand-held computer; a portable printer
text: dangles from his belt.
text: The Driver scans the package with his hand-held computer,
text: prints out a label and sticks it on the Box, ready to go.
text: But something on the box catches her eye. She wants it back.
text: He glances at his watch. She draws RINGS around the Wings,
text: uniting them. She gives the box to the Driver, then hands
dialog: him a cup of coffee. They've done this before.
text: He takes a sip of the coffee, then runs for the truck. He
text: jumps in and heads back onto the plains.
scene_heading: EXT. FEDEX OFFICE - MIDLAND/ODESSA - NIGHT - HOURS LATER
text: The Driver jams the distinctive Angel Wing Box on top of a
text: dolly and loads it into a CONTAINER with clear plastic sides.
text: A female Loader slaps a large bar code label on the
text: container, scans it, then pulls the container across a belt
text: of rollers onto a larger truck. The doors of the truck
text: close. The latch slams down.
text: A forklift hoists the container to the cargo doors of a 737.
scene_heading: EXT. MEMPHIS AIRPORT SUPERHUB - NIGHT
dialog: The 737 lands.
scene_heading: EXT. SUPERHUB - NIGHT - MINUTES LATER
text: One of a seemingly endless line of FedEx planes, our 737
text: taxis to a gate at the FedEx SUPERHUB. The Hub is a vast
text: living organism -- loud, complex, overwhelming, as much a
dialog: symbol of modern life as was the factory in Modern Times.
text: Five thousand people work in a frenzy of interconnected
text: activity inside three vast hangers brightly lit. Hundreds of
text: forklifts and cargo-pullers dart about, their headlights
text: crisscrossing like a laser show.
text: Loaders quickly roll the container onto a FORKLIFT.
scene_heading: INT. MEMPHIS SUPERHUB - NIGHT
text: The forklift speeds inside one of the hangers to a LOADING
text: BELT, where our Box is spilled into a Mississippi River of
text: packages, HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS of them, all shapes and
text: sizes, from shoe boxes to engine blocks. Large mechanical
text: arms divert the immense flow of Workers at dozens of
text: stations. The packages surge and move.
text: The Workers place the packages label-side-up on new belts,
text: where they're scanned by laser readers. Picking up speed our
text: Box is shunted across the acres of interlocking belts.
text: The Box ends up in a much larger CONTAINER labeled CDG.
scene_heading: EXT. MEMPHIS SUPERHUB - NIGHT
text: A forklift lifts the Container to a door on a giant MD-11.
scene_heading: INT. GLOBAL OPERATIONS CENTER - NIGHT
text: A jumbled room jammed with computers and dominated by a HUGE
text: WALL GRAPHIC that charts hundreds of airplanes. An Operator
text: moves a yellow strip labeled Jumbo 12 across the board.
scene_heading: EXT. CHARLES DE GAULLE AIRPORT - DAY
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS
text: The giant place touches down in Paris. The Angel Wing Box
text: moves quickly on another belt and disappears into another
text: CONTAINER, which is loaded onto still another AIRPLANE.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. PETERSBURG AIRPORT, RUSSIA - NIGHT
text: The plane lands. The container is unloaded down a belt. We
text: see our Angel Box. Directly in front of it is a DENTED BOX.
scene_heading: INT. ST. PETERSBURG FEDEX OFFICE, RUSSIA
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS
text: Night. The manic activity has come to a dead stop. Our two
text: Boxes sit on a table in a corner not far from a small
dialog: Christmas tree.
text: Daylight now. YURI, a Supervisor, saunters over, picks up
text: the Angel Box, sees an attractive co-worker, puts it down.
text: Night again. A cat walks by the table where our two Boxes
dialog: have come to rest.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. PETERSBURG FEDEX OFFICE - DAY
text: A FedEx truck pulls out of the warehouse. The walls of the
text: warehouse are covered with graffiti. The streets are slushy,
text: the buildings blanketed in snow.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. PETERSBURG - DAY
text: The Driver sits in the truck drinking tea. He takes a last
text: sip, sighs, gets out with the Angel Box. Walks slowly toward
text: an APARTMENT HOUSE.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. PETERSBURG APARTMENT HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: A beautiful young RUSSIAN WOMAN opens the door. A young
text: AMERICAN MAN comes up behind her, signs the form and takes
text: the Angel Box. We see Christmas decorations inside. The
text: woman puts her arms around him as the door closes.
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN WOMAN (O.S.)
dialog: (accented English)
dialog: It's pretty. Who is it from?
speaker_heading: AMERICAN MAN (O.S.)
dialog: My wife.
text: We stay with the Driver as he ambles back toward the truck.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. PETERSBURG OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER
text: The Driver has just delivered the Dented Box to ALEKSEI,
text: Russian Businessman, who closes the door of a Czarist-era
text: building. Aleksei checks his watch, picks up the phone.
scene_heading: EXT. FEDEX OFFICES - MANILA - DAY
text: CHUCK NOLAND, early thirties, walks along a line of brightly
text: colored jitneys, each bearing the FedEx logo. With him is a
text: Filipino FedEx SUPERVISOR wearing a guayabera. Chuck
text: glistens with a thin layer of sweat.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: My guess is we're talking fuel filters
dialog: here, Fernando. The gas is dirty, these
dialog: jitneys get in the mountains, their
text: engines cut out.
speaker_heading: FERNANDO
dialog: That could lose us half an hour.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Easy. Each way.
text: His beeper goes off.
scene_heading: INT. FEDEX OFFICES - MANILA - DAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck is on the phone.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: So it finally turned up...
text: Chuck hesitates for a moment, then looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I'll catch the sweep tonight.
scene_heading: INT. FEDEX PLANE - NIGHT
text: Strapped into the jump seat behind the pilots, Chuck sleeps
text: with a mask over his eyes. On his lap are some travel
text: brochures. We see sailboats, we see the Florida keys.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. PETERSBURG FEDEX OFFICES - DAY
text: Christmas in Russia. Snow everywhere. Brightly colored
text: lights. Chucks gets out of a Volga with Aleksei. He has a
text: bag over his shoulder, the dented package under one arm.
scene_heading: INT. FEDEX OFFICES - DAY
text: The staff has assembled near the loading dock. Yuri the
text: station manager stands in front, occasionally catching the
text: eye of the attractive woman. Chuck displays the FedEx box.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: It took this test package thirty-two
dialog: hours to get from Seattle to St.
dialog: Petersburg, a distance of nine thousand
dialog: miles. And then it took forty-one hours
dialog: to get from our warehouse in St.
dialog: Petersburg to here, a distance of,
dialog: what --
speaker_heading: ALEKSEI
text: Six kilometers. Four miles.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: So how are we going to get this place
dialog: shaped up?
text: There's a muttered chorus of answers.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: There's only one way. We have to work
dialog: together. Every one of us depends on
dialog: everyone else. If one package is late,
dialog: we are all late. If one truck misses the
dialog: deadline, we all miss the deadline.
dialog: Let's start by taking a look around.
text: Chuck leads his team through the sorting area. Yuri squeezes
text: right next to him, ostentatiously carrying a clipboard.
text: Chuck stops.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Here, this table is too far from the
dialog: wall. Packages can slip down...like...
text: (pulls out a package from
text: behind a table)
dialog: ...this.
text: He hefts the package, as if trying to guess what's inside.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What could be in here? Let's say one of
dialog: you sent it. Could be the closing papers
dialog: on your dacha, could be a toy for your
dialog: grandson's birthday, could be a kidney to
dialog: keep your mother alive. I don't think
dialog: you want your mother's kidney to end up
text: behind a table.
text: The Sorter shoves the table against the wall. Yuri says
text: something to the Translator.
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR
dialog: He says they have been very busy. It is
dialog: hard to get good employees. He is sure
dialog: you understand.
text: Wrong answer: Chuck glances sharply at Yuri. Aleksei
text: appears with a cellular phone.
speaker_heading: ALEKSEI
dialog: Phone call. Malaysia.
text: Chuck takes the phone, opening his BAG as he does so.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Kamal? Right. I'm getting them.
text: He pulls out a set of blueprints and tacks them to a bulletin
text: board as he talks.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I'm looking at the blueprints of K.L.
text: right now. The belts are too small for
dialog: the sorters. Yeah, sometimes you never
dialog: see what's right in front of your face.
dialog: Look, it's --
text: Chuck keeps an eye on what is going on in the warehouse.
text: Then he notices something over by one of the trucks.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (to a loader)
dialog: Hold it! Hazardous material needs its
dialog: own container!
dialog: (back on the phone)
dialog: -- three in the afternoon there, right?
dialog: That gives you five hours until the sweep
dialog: comes through. Do the sort by hand
dialog: tonight, then put in a new feeder belt,
dialog: say a twenty-four incher. Yes, overtime
dialog: is authorized.
text: He hangs up the phone. He turns to the crew.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I'm going out on every route, I'm going
dialog: to work every job here, until I know
dialog: enough to help you. That's it.
text: The crew disperses back to work. Chuck and Aleksei walk
text: toward the office. They've done this before. Chuck lets a
text: corner of his command persona slip.
speaker_heading: ALEKSEI
dialog: It's bad.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
text: Worse than Warsaw.
speaker_heading: ALEKSEI
dialog: Nobody remembers that.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: The failures they remember. It's the
dialog: successes they forget.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. PETERSBURG - DAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: A FedEx truck pulls out of the FedEx office. Chuck is
text: inside. He notices the graffiti on the walls.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck rides next to LEV, the driver, a serious sort. The
text: Translator squats on some boxes between them, trying to keep
dialog: his balance.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You sorted your packages before you left.
dialog: None of the other drivers did.
text: The Translator and Lev exchange a few words.
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR
dialog: He says he wants to be organized. Do
dialog: packages in order.
text: Chuck looks at Lev with respect. Right answer.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: So how come the other drivers haven't
dialog: left yet?
text: The Translator asks Lev, who looks at him as if he is crazy,
text: then snorts an answer. The Translator blushes.
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR
dialog: He says -- he is a very rude fellow --
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Tell me exactly what he said.
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR
dialog: He says why don't his farts smell sweet?
text: Chuck grins. Lev shrugs and says something else.
speaker_heading: TRANSLATOR
dialog: He says that's just the way it is.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Lev -- it's Lev, right? Listen, this is
dialog: FedEx. We don't have to accept the way
dialog: it is.
scene_heading: EXT. HOTEL - ST. PETERSBURG
text: A weary Chuck enters the hotel. In the sky above him we see
text: the Northern Lights. He doesn't even look up.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT - LATER
text: Chuck is watching CNN on the television, working his
text: PowerBook, and holding the phone.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: No, keep trying. A circuit's bound to
dialog: open up.
text: He hangs up.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Those damn Northern Lights.
text: Just then the lights go off. For a moment everything is
text: darkness. Then a small light switches on. Chuck has a
text: headlamp on.
text: He gets up, heads into the bathroom. We stay in the bedroom.
text: After only a moment, the light reemerges. It heads over to
text: his bag. We go with it.
text: Chuck takes out a roll of toilet paper. The guy is prepared
text: for anything. He goes into the bathroom, closes the door.
text: The lights come back on just as the phone rings.
text: We hear scuffling sounds on the other side of the door.
text: Chuck charges out, holding up his pants.
text: Grabs the phone.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Hello? Great. Try it.
text: He waits. We hear an ANSWERING MACHINE.
speaker_heading: KELLY (V.O.)
dialog: This is Kelly, leave me a message and
dialog: I'll call you back soon as I can.
dialog: This is not what Chuck wanted to hear.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Kelly, damn, look, this is Chuck. I'm
dialog: going to be a little late. Well, more
dialog: than a little. I had to go to Russia.
dialog: Couldn't be helped. Could you call and
dialog: cancel the trip? Look, we'll sail the
dialog: Keys in March. It's better then anyway.
dialog: I'll be back before Christmas. I
dialog: promise. I think. I mean, I will. I,
dialog: uh --
text: He's stumbling over whether to say I love you.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I miss you.
text: He gently hangs up the phone.
scene_heading: INT. FEDEX OFFICES - ST. PETERSBURG - SERIES OF SHOTS
text: A surprised Yuri stands with the attractive assistant as
text: Chuck takes his clipboard away.
text: An even more surprised Lev stands by his truck as Chuck hands
text: the clipboard to him.
text: Chuck and the loaders clean off the graffiti.
text: Working alongside the sorters as the packages come in, Chuck
text: points out how to organize the inflow.
text: Chuck and Lev go over large maps of St. Petersburg with the
dialog: drivers.
scene_heading: INT. FEDEX WAREHOUSE - ST. PETERSBURG - WEEK LATER
text: A big semi is being loaded with outgoing packages for the
text: airport run. Aleksei, Chuck, Lev and the office executives
text: watch as containers are rolled on.
speaker_heading: LEV
dialog: We've never got all the trucks in on
dialog: time. Never.
text: Chucks looks at the clock.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Only one still left?
speaker_heading: LEV
dialog: Route six.
text: Aleksei points at the big semi.
speaker_heading: ALEKSEI
dialog: If we don't send it now we may miss the
dialog: connection in Paris.
text: The pressure in on. Chuck looks around at his team.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (to Aleksei)
dialog: Give it five minutes.
scene_heading: EXT. FEDEX OFFICES - ST. PETERSBURG - MINUTES LATER
text: The last truck rolls in.
scene_heading: INT. FEDEX OFFICES - ST. PETERSBURG
text: The last truck enters and loading dock. A few loaders move
text: toward it. The executives all stand and watch. But not
text: Chuck. He's hands on.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Let's go.
text: He heads toward the truck and begins pulling off packages.
text: All the other executives follow him.
scene_heading: INT. FEDEX OFFICES - ST. PETERSBURG - MINUTES LATER
text: Led by Chuck, who works like a man possessed, they sort the
dialog: packages.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: That's Bermuda. Bermuda is in the
dialog: Memphis thru container. No, Azores is
dialog: Europe.
text: He gestures at a closed container.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: The Paris container. Africa too. Japan
dialog: goes to Memphis.
text: Chuck is everywhere, setting the example. The whole office
text: is energized, working together.
scene_heading: INT. FEDEX OFFICES - ST. PETERSBURG - MINUTES LATER
text: They load the last container on the waiting truck. Chuck
dialog: pounds the truck on the side. Go.
text: The truck roars out of the loading dock.
text: Everyone takes a breath. They are happy, proud.
speaker_heading: LEV
dialog: We did it. All of them.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Great job, everyone. Remember, work
dialog: together. We are like a hand...
text: They've heard this before. Lev holds up his hand just before
dialog: Chuck does.
speaker_heading: LEV
text: One finger, weak. All fingers working
text: together, strong.
text: This makes Chuck smile.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You got it.
scene_heading: EXT. CHARLES DE GAULLE AIRPORT - DAY
text: A FedEx MD-11 is being loaded with huge containers of
text: freight. Chuck goes up the gangway next to the forklifts.
scene_heading: INT. MD-11 - MOMENTS LATER
text: The pilots -- JACK and GWEN -- are going down their check
text: lists. Chuck sticks his head in the cockpit.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I absolutely, positively, have to get to
dialog: Memphis overnight.
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: Can't help you. Try UPS.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Jack -- gotta be something wrong with our
dialog: physicals, you keep getting certified to
dialog: fly. Gwen, aren't you worried?
speaker_heading: GWEN
text: Terrified.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: We're on time, right?
speaker_heading: JACK
text: On time, Chuck.
text: Chuck hands Jack and Gwen small packages.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Little present from the emerging
dialog: republics.
text: Another FedEx Road Warrior named STAN gets on. He and Chuck
dialog: are obviously old hands at this.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What connects the world? What makes it
dialog: one?
dialog: (they ignore him)
dialog: We do. FedEx.
speaker_heading: GWEN
dialog: You are such a lifer.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: What do you expect, from the guy who
text: stole a kid's bicycle when his truck
dialog: broke down?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Borrowed. I borrowed it.
text: The two of them strap in.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: How'd it go?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Great. Terrific. The good guys won one
dialog: for a change.
text: He's finished a tough job. He's relaxed and on his way home.
dialog: But Stan's his boss, and Stan's got bad news.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: I had to bump your plane last night.
text: Chuck can't believe it.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You what?
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: It was fifteen minutes late.
text: The plane begins to taxi.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I checked the weather, you had the jet
dialog: stream, you could have made it up.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: But I might not have.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Jesus. I got it working... You have no
dialog: idea how hard it was... They're finally a
dialog: team...
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: I'm touched.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You fucked us over.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: The point of FedEx, as I understand it,
dialog: is to make the damn connection.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I was making a point.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: What? Let Paris hold its plane? Let
dialog: Memphis take care of it? Let somebody
dialog: down the line clean up your mess?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Every person counts, every package
dialog: counts, that's my point.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: You know what your problem is? You just
dialog: see the packages in front of you. You
dialog: don't see the big picture.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Baloney. I do see the damn "big
dialog: picture."
scene_heading: EXT. CHARLES DE GAULLE AIRPORT - NIGHT
text: The MD-11 takes off.
scene_heading: INT. MD-11 - NIGHT
text: Chuck is focused on his PowerBook with the screen away from
text: us, Stan is doing tai chi amidst the FedEx containers. It
text: feels a little surreal, all those containers surrounding
dialog: them.
text: Stan comes over, looks at the image on the computer. It's a
text: sailboat with some technical specifications under it.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: I didn't know we had sailboats.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: It's a ketch Kelly and I had chartered.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: For all those vacation days you got
dialog: coming.
text: Chuck doesn't look up.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: And never take.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Look, I'm sorry about your plane. But I
dialog: couldn't risk being late into Memphis.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Forget it.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: You know General McLelland, he wouldn't
dialog: attack unless he had everything just
text: right. Finally Abe Lincoln came to him
dialog: and said, General, if you're not going to
dialog: use my army, could I borrow it for a
dialog: while? So he gave it to Grant and Grant
dialog: just said, let's go.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I'm from Arkansas. Tell me a story with
dialog: Robert E. Lee in it and maybe I'll pay
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: We're warriors, not desk jockeys. We've
dialog: got to be bold. You always want all your
dialog: ducks lined up. But nothing's 100
dialog: percent. It's always 60-40, maybe 51-49.
dialog: Hell, I'd take 40-60. Then roll the
dialog: dice.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: That's why you're a gambling man.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: That's why I'm running foreign and you're
dialog: not. That's why you're not married and I
dialog: am.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: For the third time.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Take the plunge, admit your mistakes,
dialog: move on to tomorrow. That's FedEx,
dialog: that's women, that's life.
text: Stan is so outrageous, Chuck can't help but laugh.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You are one sick fucker.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: I'm trying to help you here. There's
dialog: Warsaw, there's this --
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: This was nothing like Warsaw. I held the
dialog: truck then minutes, it's not that big a
dialog: deal.
dialog: But apparently it is.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Look, that kids' bike, that's a guy
dialog: who'll do what it takes to get there on
dialog: time. Live up to your legend, that's all
dialog: I'm saying.
text: Chuck reaches in his pocket, pulls out a bill.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: A hundred rubles St. Petersburg hits 95
dialog: percent in a month.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Ninety five percent? Just give me the
dialog: money now.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Talk is cheap. Are we on or not?
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: We're on.
text: Chuck closes the PowerBook.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Let's go off-line.
text: They both take out their Valium -- the price they pay for
dialog: being such road warriors.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Two Valium...
text: Stan puts on his Walkman.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: And the Stones. Got to be.
text: It's their ritual. Chuck puts headphones from his Walkman
text: over his ears, puts a mask over his eyes and leans his head
text: back onto the headrest. We hear the Rolling Stones.
scene_heading: EXT. MEMPHIS AIRPORT - NIGHT - WIDE
text: The MD-11 arrives at its gate. The cargo doors open.
text: Forklifts and a gangway roll up to the side.
scene_heading: INT. MD-11 - NIGHT
text: Stan stands smiling over Chuck.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Chuck. Wake up Chuck.
text: Chuck pulls off the mask, takes out the earplugs. He manages
text: a groggy grin.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: You gotta do your own delivery from here.
scene_heading: INT. SUPERHUB - NIGHT
text: Chuck walks through the extraordinary nexus of speeding
text: packages that intersect in intricate paths above and around
text: him. This is the beating center of the FedEx world, the
text: crossroads, the deep core where everything connects. In his
text: still-drugged state it all seems weirdly psychedelic. A
text: Christmas tree goes by, then a huge plastic Santa Claus, both
dialog: with shipping labels.
scene_heading: EXT. CHICKASAW GARDENS - MEMPHIS - NIGHT
text: Chuck's car pulls into the driveway of a small cottage in an
text: older Memphis neighborhood. The radio is playing the news.
scene_heading: INT. CHUCK'S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck drops his briefcase and his bag. The place is a jumble
text: of clothes, papers, books, etc. In the living room is a tank
text: of tropical fish. The water looks a little green. No
text: bubbles are coming from the filter.
dialog: Uh oh.
text: Chuck walks to the tank. He tightens a piece of tape that
text: holds the power cord onto the filter, taps the filter with
text: his finger, once, twice...the bubbles start again.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Damn thing.
text: But for a couple of fish floating on top of the tank it's too
dialog: late.
text: Chuck gets out his scoop and slowly skims them off.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Sorry, I'm really sorry.
scene_heading: EXT. CHUCK'S HOUSE - BACK YARD
text: Chuck digs a small hole in the back yard with a large kitchen
dialog: spoon.
text: Drops the dead fish in.
text: Fills the hole.
scene_heading: INT. CHUCK'S HOUSE - LATER
text: The CD is playing. Chuck lies in bed, switches on the TV.
text: This is no good. He doesn't care how late it is, he's going
dialog: to find Kelly.
scene_heading: EXT. MEMPHIS - NIGHT - LATER
text: Chuck drives in his car through the streets of Memphis.
scene_heading: EXT. UNIVERSITY - NIGHT
text: Chuck pulls up to a lab building at Memphis State.
scene_heading: INT. LAB - NIGHT
text: Two doctoral candidates are playing Doom on their computers
text: when Chuck walks in.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You seen Kelly Frears?
text: One of them gestures toward a door.
speaker_heading: GUY
dialog: Xerox machine.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Chuck makes his way in the semi-darkness past rack after rack
dialog: of specimens in bottles.
text: Ahead of him we see the flashing green light of a Xerox
dialog: machine.
scene_heading: INT. XEROX ROOM
text: The light goes off. KELLY leans over the machine, bangs on
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Sonofabitch!
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Hey, be nice to it, it'll be nice to you.
text: Surprised, Kelly turns to greet Chuck.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Chuck! You're back!
text: She leaps into his arms.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Your eyes are puffy. Did you take Valium
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You smell like formaldehyde.
text: Kelly looks over at the Xerox.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: My last chapter's in there, and the damn
text: machine's jammed.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Let's take a look.
text: He lifts up the cover.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: How was Russia?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Cold.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Don't overwhelm me with details, you know
dialog: how I hate that. Did you get it fixed?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I thought I did.
text: He pries up one feeder, then another.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Got to follow the paper path here.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Chuck, forget the Xerox. So Russia
dialog: didn't turn out well?
text: But Chuck doesn't want to talk. He's focused on the machine.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Used to you could fix these yourself.
text: She pulls him out of the machine. He has toner on his
dialog: fingers.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Chuck.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What do you want me to say? That I
dialog: thought I'd done a great job but it all
dialog: turned to shit? That I might as well
dialog: have gone sailing for all the good I did?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Yeah, tell me. Tell me all of it.
text: He suddenly looks really tired.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You don't even know what time it is.
dialog: What day it is.
text: He turns to the Xerox in frustration.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: And I can't fix this damn machine.
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Come on.
scene_heading: INT. KELLY'S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER
text: A tiny cubicle with a door. She closes it, takes some paper
text: towels out of the desk, wipes his fingers.
speaker_heading: KELLY
text: We're on the deck of the ketch, the air's
dialog: soft, the water's clear as crystal...
text: She licks the last bit of toner off his fingers.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: That's carcinogenic.
text: She ignores that, stays with the fantasy.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: We're covered with suntan lotion and
text: sweat. Our skin is so hot, it's
dialog: glowing...
text: And she comes closer to him.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: We could take a swim.
dialog: She's really close now.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: On the other hand we could not take a
dialog: swim...
text: They squiggle themselves onto the desk.
scene_heading: INT. LAB - NIGHT
text: Someone kicks the door shut. Now the figures are in
text: silhouette, lit by the light in the office.
text: And then the light goes out.
scene_heading: EXT. FEDEX OFFICES - NEXT MORNING
text: A nondescript office park near the airport. No sign.
text: Chuck's car screeches into the parking lot. He jumps out,
text: glances at this watch, and heads for the building at a run.
scene_heading: INT. EXECUTIVE CONFERENCE ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: A large room dominated by an animated MAP OF THE WORLD.
text: Lights at various locations blink and flash. Above the map
text: are a large Sign saying "Here Today, Gone Tomorrow" and two
text: huge digital Clocks -- one keeping time, the other a
text: countdown clock for that day's package sort at the SuperHub.
text: The operations team of FedEx sits around a large table. Each
text: has on a headset. BECCA TWIGG, the business-like senior vice
dialog: president of Operations, addresses questions to a man --
text: COLIN PARKER-BOWLES, the European operations manager -- on a
text: LARGE TV SCREEN in front of her. "London" is superimposed on
text: the screen.
speaker_heading: BECCA
dialog: So why was Milan late, Colin?
speaker_heading: COLIN
text: One of the race horses coming from
dialog: Ireland got colic and had to be off-
dialog: loaded in Brussels. That put the Jumbo
text: 15, six hours late into Charles De
dialog: Gaulle. Customs had difficulty locating
dialog: the dutiable items...
text: Colin continues as Chuck, out of breath, slips under the
text: screen and heads for the one remaining vacant seat -- across
text: from Stan. Next to Stan is MAYNARD GRAHAM, an MBA systems
text: man. Becca addresses a question over to Stan.
speaker_heading: BECCA
dialog: Stan, can we get P&amp;A down to work with
dialog: Milan customs?
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: We're already on it.
speaker_heading: BECCA
dialog: Good. And let's look at our live animal
dialog: policy. I don't think the income stream
dialog: justifies delaying IP product, especially
dialog: at Christmas.
text: Colin disappears. A red light goes on. Becca pushes a
text: button. Another face comes on the screen. "Oakland" appears
text: under the face.
speaker_heading: BECCA
dialog: Stand by, Benson, we're still wrapping up
dialog: foreign.
text: She turns pointedly to Chuck.
speaker_heading: BECCA
dialog: Chuck, thanks for joining us. Status?
text: Chuck swallows nervously, tries to talk matter-of-factly.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Becca, as you know St. Petersburg was
text: consistently running late by six to ten
dialog: hours -- sometimes a full day or more. I
dialog: replaced the station manager. We
dialog: identified inefficiencies and worked out
dialog: a quality improvement plan I believe can
dialog: be met.
speaker_heading: MAYNARD
dialog: You replaced the station manager with a
dialog: driver. A local with no knowledge of our
dialog: systems.
speaker_heading: BECCA
dialog: Shouldn't you have brought in someone
dialog: from Memphis? Russia is priority one.
speaker_heading: MAYNARD
text: James Pottinger is available.
text: The process is being ripped out of Chuck's hands. He
text: struggles to get an answer.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: He's a numbers cruncher. Chuck's done
dialog: all the right things here...
text: Stan is doing his best to back up Chuck.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Jim's a terrific financial man, no
dialog: question. But we can't always parachute
dialog: in from Memphis. We've got to build up
dialog: our local staff.
speaker_heading: MAYNARD
dialog: We've got to improve foreign on-time,
dialog: that's what we've got to do. If this new
dialog: guy's so good, how come the very first
dialog: plane he sent missed the connection in
dialog: Paris?
text: Maynard knows how to go for the jugular. Everyone looks at
dialog: Chuck.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: We're building a new team here. We got
dialog: every package on the truck for the first
dialog: time ever. Success is the best teacher.
speaker_heading: MAYNARD
dialog: I don't call missing the plane a success.
text: Everyone looks at Chuck.
scene_heading: EXT. KELLY'S HOUSE - DAY - LATE THAT AFTERNOON
text: Chuck lugs a big package up to the door, knocks on it. Kelly
text: opens the door.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Merry Christmas eve.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Not if you work for FedEx.
scene_heading: INT. KELLY'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Chuck enters as they keep talking. Her house is cozy but
text: also where she works. There's a computer, specimen jars, and
text: some terrariums with frogs inside. A Christmas tree with
dialog: packages under it.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You break four million packages last
dialog: night?
text: In the b.g. one of the packages by the Christmas tree is
text: starting to shake on its own.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Four four. A record.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You don't seem too happy about it.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Ah, the staff meeting could have gone
dialog: better.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Let me guess, Russia came up?
text: Chuck's attention goes to the tree.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
text: One of those packages just moved.
text: The package turns over, something darts out. It's a puppy,
text: with a bow around its neck.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Merry Christmas.
text: Chuck bends down to see the puppy.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Hey, look at you.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I figure, if we could take care of a
dialog: puppy, we could, you know, take care
dialog: of --
text: A baby, she wants to say, but that's going a little fast so
text: she catches herself. Chuck picks the puppy up.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: He is a cute thing.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: He's your cute thing.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I can't even keep fish alive.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: A puppy's got a little more personality
dialog: than a fish.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: And for you --
text: Chuck hands over his present.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: So do good things come in large packages?
text: Kelly opens Chuck's present -- a very large box.
text: It's a piece of luggage.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You know, for when you travel.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: For when I travel?
text: She can't believe it. It's the exact opposite of what she
dialog: wanted.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You should have got me something that
dialog: shows you want us to be together, not
dialog: apart.
dialog: Chuck is flummoxed. Women read so much into things.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I wasn't sending a message. I though
dialog: you'd like it.
text: Chuck's beeper goes off.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You should have got me a ring.
text: He checks the number.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I have to go. I'm on call for overflow
text: down at the Hub.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: A ring. I wanted a ring.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You did?
dialog: She nods. What to do?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Look, I love the puppy. I love you. But
dialog: I have to go.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You can't go now.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I have to.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You want to.
text: Chuck picks up the puppy.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What should we call him? Or is it her?
dialog: How about Jango?
dialog: Kelly is having one of those moments when everything comes
text: clear.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: This isn't working out.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: We're a little emotional here. It's
dialog: Christmas, maybe we're over-reacting.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: "We're" not over-reacting.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Could you watch Jango?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I can't take him to work.
text: He hands her the puppy.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: We'll talk about it when I come back.
dialog: It'll all be fine. Really.
text: This is not a happy woman he is leaving behind.
scene_heading: EXT. KELLY'S HOUSE - HOUSE LATER
text: It's dark now. Chuck returns. The stars are putting on an
text: amazing show, but he doesn't notice as he heads for the door.
scene_heading: INT. KELLY'S HOUSE - MINUTES LATER
text: Chuck enters. The tree and the presents under it are gone.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Kelly? Kelly?
text: No answer, nothing but the sound of Jango, who begins yelping
text: in the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. KELLY'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck picks up Jango, who is barricaded in the kitchen with
text: some food, some water, and some wet newspapers.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: There. There. Easy now.
scene_heading: EXT. KELLY'S HOUSE - BACK YARD - NIGHT - MINUTES LATER
text: Holding Jango, Chuck walks out into the back yard.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Kelly?
text: A fire still smolders. The packages have burned. The tree
text: is a blackened mess.
text: Chuck stares at it.
scene_heading: EXT. CHUCK'S HOUSE - NEXT MORNING
text: Chuck gets into his car, puts Jango on the front seat next to
text: him. Pulls out of the driveway.
scene_heading: EXT. ARKANSAS HIGHWAY - DAY
text: Chuck is in his car, with the dog on his lap.
scene_heading: EXT. FARM HOUSE - DAY
text: Chuck's car drives up to a typical Arkansas farm house. His
text: MOM is setting some Christmas tree lights around the door.
text: Chuck gets out of the car. There's a large wet spot on the
text: front of his pants.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: What happened to your pants?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Mom, meet Jango.
text: Chuck displays the puppy.
scene_heading: EXT. FARM HOUSE - SHED - DAY
text: Chuck works on an old tractor in the shed. Some small legs
text: appear in his vision, then a small face. This is AMANDA, his
dialog: niece.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Dinner's ready.
scene_heading: INT. FARM HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Around the table are Chuck's brother ROGER, his wife MARY,
text: Amanda, and her TWO BROTHERS. Mom brings in the turkey,
text: places it on the table, sits down. They all hold hands and
text: bow their heads.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Chuck?
text: Chuck hesitates just a moment.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Bless us O Lord, and these thy gifts,
dialog: which we are about to receive, from thou
dialog: bounty, through Christ the Lord. Amen.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Let's eat.
scene_heading: EXT. FARM HOUSE - LATER THAT DAY
text: The children burst out the door, shrieking, chased by Jango.
scene_heading: INT. FARM HOUSE - DAY
text: The grown-ups are cleaning up after Christmas dinner. The
text: scene moves between the table, the kitchen counter, and the
text: refrigerator. It's an old-fashioned kitchen, simply
dialog: furnished.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: How's Kelly?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Great.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Thought you were going to bring her.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: So did I.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: It seemed like she had such a good time
dialog: last time.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: It's nothing you did, Mom, believe me.
speaker_heading: MARY
text: Jennifer's still down at the post office.
dialog: And she's still got that crush on you.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: And she's still got those --
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Roger.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: You should have stuck around.
text: This is an old, sore subject.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Look, I help take care of the place. You
dialog: got my check, didn't you Mom?
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: That new roof, that's your doing.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: You're just allergic to farming, that's
dialog: what dad said. Can't stand to be alone.
dialog: Can't stand to be in one place. Can't
dialog: stand the sight of...blood.
text: He drops the turkey giblets into the trash.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Roger's going to put chickens in here.
text: Chuck can't believe this.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Come on Roger, this is dad all over
dialog: again. You already did beefalo,
dialog: chinchillas, and what was that, ostrich?
text: They chased Mom around the yard, sprained
dialog: her hip.
text: Mom goes to the freezer and takes out some frozen
text: strawberries.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: It wasn't that bad, dear.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: You can't make a living out of this
dialog: place. We tried.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: But chickens?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Sixty three pounds consumed per capita,
dialog: up from twenty seven in 1960. Going to
dialog: pass beef. Chicken's global. No
dialog: religious taboos. You don't see your
dialog: Hindus and your Muslims boycotting
dialog: poultry.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: True enough. No sacred chickens nowhere,
dialog: so far as I know.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Roger's working at Tyson's now.
text: Mom mashes the block of frozen strawberries with a fork to
text: separate the strawberries from the ice.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Come on down to the plant. It's state of
dialog: the art. We're doing for chickens what
dialog: FedEx did for the delivery business.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Just don't count 'em before they hatch.
text: Roger grins at him. This is just how they are.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I'll try to remember that.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Dessert.
text: They all sit down. Mom brings the slushy frozen strawberries
text: to the table, squirts on some Reddi-whip. Looks pointedly at
dialog: Chuck.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Speaking of hatching, I could sure use
dialog: some more grandchildren.
text: Not a timely topic with Chuck.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Mom, this is a farm. We've got real
dialog: strawberries growing outside, we've got
dialog: real cream.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Oh no, the prodigal son's home. We bring
dialog: out the store bought.
text: Chuck takes a bite, winces a little as the cold strawberries
text: hit his teeth.
scene_heading: EXT. MOM'S HOUSE - LATER THAT DAY
text: Chuck fixes the drain pipe while Mom prunes the rose bushes
text: around the porch.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Maybe I should take a few days off.
dialog: Roger's working now, you could use some
dialog: help around here...
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Don't you even think about it.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
text: The place is falling apart.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: I'm doing fine.
text: She looks pointedly at Chuck.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Doing great, Mom, don't worry about me.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: There's settled folks, and there's
dialog: nomads. You're just not a settled folk.
dialog: You never belonged here.
text: Chuck finishes the drain pipe. Gives it a thunk with his
dialog: finger.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Come on inside, Mom. You've had a long
dialog: day.
scene_heading: INT. FARM HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: In his boyhood room, we see Chuck's laptop, which is hooked
text: up to the internet FedEx homepage. All around him are models
text: of boats and planes, maps, pictures of far-off places. The
text: room of a boy who always fantasized about getting away.
text: Chuck is beside it, slumped down on the desk. Asleep.
scene_heading: EXT. FARM HOUSE - DAY
text: His mom waves to him as Chuck drives away.
scene_heading: INT. FEDEX OFFICE - LATER THAT DAY
text: Chuck enters his office, on the go. His assistant LESLIE is
text: waiting for him.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I need the latest PDRs on St. Petersburg.
speaker_heading: LESLIE
dialog: And how was your Christmas?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Terrific. Yours?
text: She nods, used to this.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: And get me in to the dentist. My tooth's
dialog: acting up.
text: Stan enters.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Malaysia's tanking. We're meeting in ten
dialog: in operations.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Right.
dialog: (to Leslie)
dialog: Get me everything on Indonesia, New
dialog: Guinea, all the way to Australia.
scene_heading: INT. OPERATIONS ROOM - MINUTES LATER
text: Chuck, Leslie, Stan and another executive from the meeting
text: named DICK are gathered around the TV screen. A squawk box
text: is on the table.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Kamal? Kamal? Can you hear us?
text: The box squawks. The TV screen rolls an imperfect image.
speaker_heading: DICK
dialog: Can't we get this working?
text: A Technician is fiddling with the TV set.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Trying.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Kamal, you're breaking up. Can you hear
dialog: us?
speaker_heading: VOICE (SQUAWK BOX)
dialog: Kamal is not here.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Who is this? Where is Kamal?
speaker_heading: VOICE (SQUAWK BOX)
dialog: It is Ibrim, I, I am a sorter.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What's going on down there?
speaker_heading: VOICE (SQUAWK BOX)
dialog: Kamal is not here. We are very defused.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Who's in charge then, where is Chinn?
text: The squawk box hums and crackles. Nothing. Chuck turns to
dialog: the Technician.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: We got Telex, e-mail?
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Sure. Just not getting any answers.
text: Chuck turns to Leslie.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: When's the next Jumbo?
speaker_heading: LESLIE
dialog: The regular flight is scheduled for oh
text: three hundred tomorrow.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Anything else?
speaker_heading: LESLIE
text: There's a sweep leaving Memphis in an
text: hour, goes through Sydney.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Maybe you should get your ducks lined up
dialog: first.
text: Chuck looks over at Stan.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Call Operations. Get me on it.
text: And Stan is impressed.
scene_heading: EXT. CHUCK'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Chuck leaves with his bag over his shoulder and the puppy
text: under his arm.
scene_heading: EXT. KELLY'S HOUSE - DAY - MINUTES LATER
text: Kelly opens the door. Chuck is there with the puppy.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: That's your dog.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: It's our dog. It belongs to us.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: There isn't any us.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Yes there is.
dialog: Kelly can't stay mad.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I'm sorry about the presents. I got a
text: little carried away.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: No, it was great. Maybe a little
dialog: overkill --
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I burned the Christmas tree.
text: She's half-laughing, half-wanting-to-cry.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Why didn't you come over, get mad at me,
dialog: tell me what a stupid bitch I was.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I guess I hadn't thought through how I
dialog: felt.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: What, you were going to come over the
dialog: next day all calm and say, Kelly that
dialog: really made me mad? Don't tell me you're
dialog: mad. Be mad. Be who you are right now.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Look, we'll do our trip as soon as I get
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Don't even start.
text: And then it hits her.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Get back? From where?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Malaysia. They're holding the sweep.
text: She stares at him for a long moment, then at the puppy.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Give him to me.
text: He hands her the dog.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Chuck, you're breaking my heart.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: A week, max. Okay? Okay?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Go on. We'll be fine. I'll feed Jango
dialog: to the frogs.
text: She kisses the puppy.
scene_heading: INT. FEDEX PLANE - NIGHT
text: Chuck enters the cockpit, where two different pilots are
text: going through their checklists. Chuck repeats his familiar
text: patter.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Al -- gotta be something wrong with our
dialog: physicals, you keep getting certified to
dialog: fly. John, aren't you worried?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I disconnected his controls. He only
text: thinks he's flying.
text: Chuck settles into his seat.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You're on your way home, Al?
text: Al has an Australian accent.
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: Right. Down home, down under.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: We're on time, right?
speaker_heading: AL
text: On time, Chuck.
scene_heading: INT. FEDEX PLANE - NIGHT - HOURS LATER
text: Settled into the jump seat, Chuck finishes up his notes on
text: his PowerBook and begins his flight ritual.
text: He puts in his ear plugs and takes out his Valium. He
text: swallows one, then thinks, and swallows two more. Then he
text: turns on his Walkman to the Rolling Stones, puts the mask
text: over his eyes, and, as usual, goes to sleep.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. FEDEX PLANE - NIGHT
text: The plane is SHAKING badly. HEAR frantic, garbled radio
text: talk. Chuck stirs, struggles to his feet, drowsy and
text: drugged.
scene_heading: INT. FEDEX PLANE - CHUCK'S POV
text: Everything is hazy, out of focus, as it was in his earlier
text: drugged condition. But this is real haze. SMOKE. And the
text: cabin also TWISTS and TILTS.
text: Chuck tries to steady himself against the wall. This is
dialog: nightmarish. Is this really happening?
scene_heading: INT. FEDEX PLANE - CHUCK'S POV - COCKPIT
text: The pilots wrestle with the controls. They have their life
text: jackets on. John glances back at Chuck, his face floating in
text: a cloud of fear.
scene_heading: INT. FEDEX PLANE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck struggles to put on his life jacket. The plane is
text: VIBRATING VIOLENTLY. He can't get the straps straight. He
text: is KNOCKED against one wall, then another, then to the floor.
text: Chuck tries to blow on the mouth tubes for his life jacket.
text: Can't do it! Puff. Puff. Shit! John motions frantically
text: for Chuck to pull on the automatic inflators on his jacket.
text: Chuck fumbles for them.
text: Huge palettes shift and groan, one BREAKS FREE, banging
text: violently against the side of the plane, spilling out its
text: boxes. Then it swings and KNOCKS Chuck on the head! He goes
dialog: down!
scene_heading: INT. GLOBAL OPERATIONS CENTER - MOMENTS LATER
text: A CONTROLLER mans the global operations desk. His SUPERVISOR
text: stands behind him, sipping some coffee. The mood is eerily
text: calm. An assistant moves Plane Locator Cards on a giant
dialog: board.
speaker_heading: CONTROLLER
text: Jumbo 14 is overdue in Sector K.
speaker_heading: SUPERVISOR
dialog: Where are they?
text: Another CONTROLLER tracks a giant computer screen.
speaker_heading: CONTROLLER 2
text: Somewhere east of Port Moresby. Guam is
dialog: getting a signal but no location. Maybe
text: the GPS is out.
text: The signal flashes, but is strangely still compared to the
text: others, which are moving.
scene_heading: EXT. FEDEX PLANE - NIGHT
text: The giant plane PLUMMETS down from the sky.
scene_heading: INT. FEDEX PLANE - NIGHT
text: Chuck is semi-conscious and bleeding from the head. John
text: pulls the inflators on Chuck's life jacket, which fills with
text: a WHOOSH!, sending Chuck's arms out to the sides. Al
text: struggles with the LIFE RAFT. It's all blurred, frantic,
dialog: terrifying.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC - NIGHT - MOMENTS LATER
text: The plane hits the ocean with a CRASH and a WAVE of water.
scene_heading: INT. GLOBAL OPERATIONS CENTER - MOMENTS LATER
text: The Controller is speaking mechanically into the microphone.
speaker_heading: CONTROLLER
dialog: Guam, I need a fix on Jumbo 14.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC - NIGHT
text: Shrouded with fog and surrounded by debris, the tail of the
text: big plane slowly SINKS beneath the angry, storm-driven waves.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC - DAY
text: A life raft is tossed on dark, storm-driven seas. Inside it,
text: semi-conscious, Chuck hangs on.
scene_heading: EXT. PACIFIC - NIGHT
text: We catch glimpses of the yellow lift raft in the dark as the
text: storm continues.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - EARLY MORNING
text: The storm has ended. Waves lap gently on a beach cut like a
text: scallop out of a rocky shore. On the beach we see scattered
text: FEDEX BOXES. And we see, face-down, half-buried in sand, a
text: MAN IN A SUIT and a life jacket.
dialog: Chuck.
text: The tide gently rocks him, laps at his face. He chokes.
text: Slowly he gets to his knees. Vomits seawater, big heaves.
text: He rolls over, sits down. Dazed. Still confused. Where am
dialog: I? What happened?
text: Chuck's first instinct is to check the time. He looks at his
text: watch, taps it in frustration.
text: Then he looks around, and we look with him.
scene_heading: CHUCK'S POV - BEACH
text: The fog has thinned. We can see palm groves and mangrove
text: thickets leading back into a thickly wooded valley climbing
text: up a steep, rocky hillside. The rocks on the opposite point
text: end in a barren ridge. Clouds hide the top of the hill.
speaker_heading: ON CHUCK
text: as he takes in his surroundings. He licks his lips. He's
dialog: thirsty. But something he sees is even more important. We
text: stay with him as he WALKS. He comes to a FEDEX PACKAGE in
text: the sand, picks it up, brushes off the sand, walks farther.
text: He picks up another package.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - WIDE
text: Chuck walks down the beach, picking up FedEx packages,
text: leaving a trail of footprints in the sand. Ahead of him we
text: notice a package decorated with ANGEL WINGS.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - LATER THAT MORNING
text: Chuck has made a neat stack of FedEx boxes under some palm
text: trees at the rim of the beach. He examines the Angel Wing
text: drawing with passing curiosity, then puts it on the stack.
text: Chuck takes off his life jacket, sits down in the shade,
text: makes himself comfortable, and waits.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - SUNSET
text: Chuck is still waiting. He's a systems man, and the system
dialog: isn't working.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: All right, guys. I'm here. Check the
dialog: GPS, get moving.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - NIGHT
text: The full moon shines a ghostly light on the beach. Trees
text: cast moon-shadows on the sand. Chuck seems very, very alone.
text: We HEAR from the dark thickets a STRANGE NOISE. Rustling in
text: the leaves. Something crashing in the trees, or is it a
text: wave? A jolt of adrenaline courses through Chuck's body. He
text: lurches to his feet.
text: We HEAR the noises again. Chuck edges toward the rocks at
text: the barb of the hook. Keeping his eye on the thicket, he
text: bends down and picks up a stone. His first weapon.
text: In the rocks he finds a piece of driftwood. He picks it up
text: in his other hand. He backs between two rocks and stands
text: facing the thicket, every sense alert. A cloud passes over
text: the moon. The shadow streaks across Chuck's anxious face.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - MORNING
text: The morning TIDE is coming in. We follow the tide as it laps
text: amidst the rocks and finds Chuck, staring out to sea. The
text: empty sea.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Where the fuck are you?
text: But now he is really thirsty. We WALK with Chuck up the
dialog: beach.
text: Beneath the palms he sees a couple of coconuts. He picks one
text: of them up and studies it. It's heavy, almost the size of a
dialog: volleyball. How to get in it?
text: He throws it down on a rock. The coconut just bounces off.
text: He wedges the coconut between two rocks, then throws a rock
text: down on it. It bounces off. He throws down a bigger rock.
text: It smashes on the rocks and chips. Chuck picks up the rock.
text: OW! Where the rock had chipped the edge is sharp. It cuts
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Sonofabitch.
text: The blood stains the rock a bright red. Chuck sucks on his
text: finger, then he gets an idea -- the same idea primitive man
dialog: first got when he discovered stone tools.
text: He picks up the rock, test the edge. Sharp -- really sharp.
text: He throws another rock down, but it doesn't break. He picks
text: up another rock and strikes the first one. Then again,
text: harder. And again. A large flake shoots off. This edge is
text: even sharper.
text: He has a knife.
scene_heading: OPENING THE COCONUT - SERIES OF SHOTS
text: Chuck uses the stone knife to saw at the coconut. No luck.
text: Chuck clumsily sharpens a stick with the sharp rock.
text: Chuck brings the sharpened stick down hard on the coconut,
text: but the stick slides off, sending the coconut rolling away.
text: Chuck positions the stick, pointed end up, in a hole, then
text: SLAMS the coconut down hard on it. Success! The green nut
dialog: of the coconut splits. The brown inner nut is free! He
text: smashes the nut with a rock, but -- OW! -- he hits his hand!
text: Chuck licks his fingers, but he is so thirsty there's no more
text: saliva. He smashes again. The shell breaks to smithereens.
text: Coconut milk splashes everywhere.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: That was smart, really smart.
text: Rotating a nut along its axis and carefully moving his
text: fingers out of the way, he SMASHES the nut again. The shell
text: splits! The precious liquid splashes out. Left inside is a
text: swallow or two, which Chuck laps up eagerly. The milky white
text: liquid dribbles down his face.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Ahhh.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - SUNRISE
text: Chuck squints at the ocean. His sunburn is bad -- his lips
text: are cracked. A stack of broken coconut shells is beside him.
text: No one's there -- again.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Maybe the GPS malfunctioned. That Korean
dialog: airliner did.
text: Clouds scud in front of the sun. Beyond the reef the waves
text: are high and churning. Chuck can see them pound onto the
dialog: reef.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Okay, do the math. Maybe they know where
dialog: you are within, say 500 miles. That's a
dialog: circle with an area of, uh, pi r squared.
dialog: So, uh, 250,000 times three point one
dialog: four, that's about 800,000 square miles.
dialog: Three times the size of Texas.
text: This sinks in. Then Chuck gets an idea.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: They could use a satellite.
text: But even that doesn't give him much hope.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Say each satellite photo is 30 feet
dialog: square, that's uh...fuck it...billions
text: and billions of photos.
text: That sinks in.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Aw, someone will come.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - NIGHT
text: Chuck sleeps by the coconuts. The tide is coming in. Chuck
text: stirs, gets up, staggers over to a palm tree to relieve
dialog: himself.
text: He stares idly out at the moonlight on the waves. Then not
text: so idly. Something's out there, something floating on the
dialog: tide.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What the hell?
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck splashes into the gentle surf, reaches the dark object.
text: It's a body. Chuck turns it over. It's Al, one of the
text: pilots, his face gray and waterlogged and very dead.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Oh Jesus.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck drags the body up on the beach and then collapses,
text: exhausted. He sits by it, staring at it.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I'm so sorry, Al. So sorry.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - MORNING
text: Chuck has almost finished a grave in the sand back of the
text: palm trees. He's been digging with a piece of driftwood
text: sharpened with his stone knife.
text: He drags the body into the pit. Stares down at it. That
dialog: could be me.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Got to cover Al up.
text: He wants to say more, can't. He scoops some sand over the
dialog: body.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Got to cover Al up.
text: He scoops in some more sand. It's eerily like burying the
text: tropical fish in his back yard.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - LATER
text: With a rock Chuck hammers a crude driftwood marker into the
dialog: sand.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - LATER THAT DAY
text: As Chuck sits on the beach, he half-sings, half-talks "Yellow
text: Submarine" very quietly to himself.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: We all live in a yellow submarine, yellow
dialog: submarine...
text: He looks over at the deep woods and down to the rocky point.
text: Comes to a decision. He takes a drink of coconut, picks up
text: his club and a coconut, sticks the stone knife in his pants.
text: He's ready to go.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck climbs over the rocks and disappears out of sight.
text: He's still half-singing to himself.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Yellow submarine. We all live in a
dialog: yellow submarine...
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND - DAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck's way is blocked by rocks and jungle. He hesitates.
text: He picks up a rock and THROWS IT to scare away all those bad
text: things. It crashes into the ferns and palm trees. He takes
text: a step into the jungle.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - MINUTES LATER
text: Chuck struggles through a dense thicket beneath a jungle
text: canopy. Vines and creepers reach out toward him. There is
dialog: no path, nothing to show him where to go.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - HALF HOUR LATER
text: Chuck climbs through a tangle of vines and ferns. He takes a
text: drink from the coconut he is carrying. The last drink.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Bad idea. Should have saved some.
text: He throws away the husk. He looks up, but the only sunlight
text: reaching him is dappled from the canopy above him.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck emerges onto a ridge that leads to a summit. He climbs
text: across a rocky lava field covered with scrub lichen and low
text: ferns, soil dark as coffee beans, his way crossed by steep
text: gullies that cut like dark fingers into the lava.
text: The lava field narrows, forcing Chuck closer to the sea. He
text: passes a series of CAVES, their mouths dark and mysterious
text: and scary. He gives them a wide berth.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND - CLIFF - MOMENTS LATER
text: The land narrows to a ledge that stretches across a high
text: cliff perched over the ocean. Beyond this rock bridge the
text: path smoothes out to a summit.
text: Chuck stares at the narrow bridge, then down at the waves
text: breaking on the rocks far below. To get any view, he will
text: have to cross the bridge. He's thirsty. The late afternoon
dialog: sun is hot.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how did
dialog: you enjoy the play?
text: Hugging the wall of the cliff, taking each step with great
text: caution, he sets out across the bridge.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND - CLIFF
text: Step by step, Chuck negotiates the narrow bridge. He reaches
text: a flume of polished basalt which cuts across the ledge like a
text: slide in a water park -- except this flume ends high above
text: the waves. Chuck tries to step across it, can't quite, tries
text: one foot first, then the other.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Shit!
text: He looks back, but that seems even scarier.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Got to get there. Got to see. C'mon...
dialog: c'mon. Don't be such a wuss. Be bold.
text: He looks down at the ocean beneath him, closes his eyes, and
text: jumps. It's only a few feet, but he's breathing hard when he
text: lands on the other side. He hugs the rocks, getting his
dialog: breath.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND SUMMIT - SUNSET - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck looks to each point on the compass. He is on an
text: ISLAND, small, inhospitable, without sign of habitation or
text: anything human. On three sides the waves break against
text: steep, hostile cliffs. A reef encloses the cove where he
dialog: came from.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: No way on. No way off.
text: Chuck stares out to sea in every direction. Nothing.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: This is bad. Really, really bad.
text: The last rays of sun hit his face. The ocean turns a deep
text: reddish gold.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF - MOMENTS LATER
text: Going down is even scarier. It's dusk and the light is flat
text: and gray. Chuck stares at the ledge.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Come on. Crawl if you have to.
text: Chuck crawls on his hands and knees across the rock bridge.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKY SLOPE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck stumbles over the rocks. The caves look ominous and
dialog: primal.
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF JUNGLE - NIGHT
text: It's getting dark now. The jungle seems impenetrable, the
text: dark wood of fable. Chuck hesitates, then plunges into it.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - NIGHT MINUTES LATER
text: The moon has just begun to rise, casting eerie light into the
text: jungle. The shadows reach out to grab Chuck, then real
text: branches and vines tug at him. He heads into thick
dialog: blackness.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - NIGHT - LATER
text: Chuck emerges around the rocks. He reaches the stack of
text: familiar FedEx boxes -- Ahh, home! He's breathing hard, from
text: both fear and exertion.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Got to drink. Got to drink something.
text: With his last strength he opens a coconut on the stick. He
text: bangs hard on the shell and gulps down the milk. He stares
text: at the stack of FedEx boxes. What could be inside? He
text: reaches out and touches one.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: They don't belong to you.
text: Responsibility gets the better of necessity, and he takes his
text: hand away.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - MORNING
text: Face red from the sun, Chuck hacks at a palm frond with his
text: stone knife. He saws the palm frond off near the base,
text: leaving it about a foot long.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Got to have shade. Got to have a hat.
text: He ties the loose fibers into a sort of circle, then sets it
text: upon his head. It looks amazingly like some sort of
dialog: primitive cap.
text: He grabs a couple of FedEx boxes and heads for the beach.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - LATER
text: Chuck finishes the P on H E L P, which he has spelled out
text: with the FedEx boxes on the beach.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - DAY - LATER
text: Chuck scrambles down a ravine. He kneels down and feels the
text: ground. It is dry, completely dry.
scene_heading: EXT. LAVA SLOPE - DAY
text: Chuck traverses the slope, determined to find water.
scene_heading: A FLAT ROCK - LATER
text: With a puddle of dirty water trapped in a tiny hollow.
text: Suddenly Chuck flops down into frame. He tries to scoop up
text: some water in his hands, but he just splashes it around. He
text: licks his fingers. Then he gets down on his stomach and laps
text: up the water with his tongue. Like an animal.
text: In the bottom of the small depression is some fine mud. He
text: rubs it on his reddened face and across his burned lips.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Oh, God. Thank you.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - NIGHT
text: Chuck lies in darkness, his eyes reflecting the moon.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - DAY
text: Chuck is drenched in sweat. He is at the bottom of a hole
text: six feet deep. He takes one last dig with the flat stick,
text: then licks the moist clay that sticks to it.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY
text: Chuck breaks open another coconut and gulps down the milky
text: liquid. With a stone knife he digs in the shell for some of
text: the meat, but it's dry and chewy and fibrous. He spits it
text: out, then lies back on the sand and stares at the first
text: stars. Half sings to himself.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You deserve a break today...
text: He is desperately thirsty. Hunger gnaws at him.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY - LATER
text: Holding a sharpened stick, Chuck wades in the shallows at low
text: tide, looking for fish. It's difficult to keep his balance.
text: Suddenly a shadow flashes by, glinting in the morning
text: sunlight. Chuck hurls the spear, which ricochets off the
text: water and floats away.
text: Chuck plunges into the water after the fish with his bare
text: hands. The fish reverses direction. Chuck leaps after it
text: and goes under. He comes up spluttering, on his hands and
text: knees in the shallows.
text: Suddenly a whole school of fish swims by him, moving in
text: unison, like one creature, splitting around Chuck like
text: mercury. He grabs at them desperately. Nothing.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Damn fish!
text: On some rocks he sees clusters of limpets. He takes a rock
text: and tries to dislodge one, but it smashes into a soggy mess.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY
text: Discouraged, he sits down on the beach and gets his breath.
text: Idly, Chuck takes out his wallet. The money is soaked. He
text: lays it out to dry. He finds a PHOTOGRAPH OF KELLY, soaked
text: and mushy.
text: He tries to smooth it out. For a moment he is overcome. His
text: face tightens, his eyes get moist. He stares out to sea.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Wait a minute. Wait just a minute.
text: He picks up his wallet again and takes out a credit card.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - MINUTES LATER
text: Chuck wades in the water, stops by a rock covered with
text: limpets. He uses a CREDIT CARD to scrape off a limpet.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Don't leave home without it.
text: With his finger, he prods around in the mucous-like meat,
text: then tilts up the shell and we see the gooey gray stuff slide
text: off the shell into his mouth.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Yuck.
text: He starts to spit it out. Tries to make himself like it.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Yumm.
dialog: And he swallow it.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - SUNSET
text: Chuck sits in the shade of a palm tree surrounded by a pile
text: of smashed coconut husks and a stack of limpet shells. He
text: checks his watch for a moment.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Got to get this fixed.
dialog: But what's the point? Everything that was so valuable before
dialog: is useless now.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - LATER
text: Chuck digs yet another hole. He chants to himself, almost
text: delusionally.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Water, water, everywhere, water, water
dialog: everywhere...
text: Covered in sweat, desperate and exhausted, he throws down his
text: wooden spade.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Where's the water on this fucking island?
text: He lies on his back, breathing hard. Pulls his hat over his
text: eyes.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Just rest a minute.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - DAY - LATER
text: Chuck is lying in the hole. We find his feet. Slowly water
text: is oozing out of the clay, a puddle is building around his
dialog: toes.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - DAY - LATER
text: Chuck's eyes snap awake. He looks down at his feet. There's
text: a pool of muddy water there. He dips his hand in it, touches
text: a finger to his lips to be sure he's not dreaming.
text: He grabs his sharpened stone, begins to attack the clay.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Oh yeah, oh yeah, oh yeah.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - SUNSET
text: Chuck carefully makes marks on a palm tree with his rock
dialog: knife. One for each day. Very neat. Very precise. Very
dialog: Chuck.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Let's see, I waited two days.
dialog: (makes marks)
dialog: Then I buried Al.
dialog: (slowly makes another mark)
dialog: Al. You never made it home, buddy. Then
dialog: American Express got me those clam
dialog: things...
dialog: (makes another mark)
dialog: I dug all those damn holes, the clouds
dialog: over the moon...
dialog: (makes more marks)
dialog: And today, the historic discovery of H,
dialog: Two, Oh.
dialog: (makes a tenth mark and
dialog: underlines it)
dialog: Ten days. Shit.
text: For a moment, he feels the weight of his isolation. Then he
text: allows himself a deep breath. There is order now, after all.
text: Time is under control.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF - DAY
text: Very carefully, but standing this time, Chuck makes his way
text: across the ledge.
scene_heading: EXT. SUMMIT - DAY
text: He emerges on the top, takes a drink from a hand-made
text: canteen, and looks in all directions. Again, he sees nothing
dialog: but ocean.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY
text: He resumes his efforts at fishing. A shape scuttles raggedly
text: beneath him.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: A crab, it's a crab.
text: He freezes, holding his spear motionless. Then he jabs at
text: the crab -- misses! The crab scurries away toward the rocks.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Dammit!
text: Chuck splashes after it, stabbing as he goes, falling,
text: getting up, stabbing again.
text: Suddenly one stab feels different. Chuck carefully lifts up
text: the spear. On the end is a squirming crab.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I did it. I did it!
text: He walks carefully with it to the beach. Lowering the spear,
text: he lets the crab slip off. It darts toward the water. Chuck
text: heads it off, trying to avoid the snapping claws.
text: He kicks it back toward the beach, then slams a rock down on
text: it. He twists off a crab claw, expecting to see flaky white
text: meat. But a crab has an exoskeleton. The flesh simply pours
text: out, like mucous.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Jesus.
dialog: This is too much. He needs the next step, from the raw to
text: the cooked. The crucial next step from primitive man to the
dialog: beginnings of civilization.
scene_heading: EXT. PALM GROVE SERIES OF SHOTS - TRYING TO MAKE FIRE
text: Chuck rubs two sticks together. Nothing.
text: Chuck positions a makeshift drill in a hole he has scooped
text: out in a piece of driftwood. He spins the drill with great
dialog: effort. Nothing.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Stupid fucking thing!
text: He quits, exhausted. He looks at his hands. They are raw
text: and blistered. He feels like Job.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I don't know what I did, God, but
dialog: whatever is was, I am really, really
dialog: sorry. You hear me? Really sorry.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY
text: Chuck emerges from the jungle and walks to the edge of the
text: ocean. He dips his blistered hands into the sea water, then
text: looks over at the FedEx boxes that spell out H E L P.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Don't have a choice, do I?
text: He walks over and picks a few boxes up from the P.
scene_heading: EXT. PALM GROVE - DAY
text: With his stone knife and spear to help him. Chuck begins to
text: open the FedEx boxes. Chuck rips open the end of one box and
text: shakes it. Out tumble some videotapes. Chuck looks at them:
dialog: what good are they?
text: Chuck tears another box open. Out slide some legal papers
text: covered with Post-its.
text: In quick cuts, we see him dump out computer memory boards,
text: some designer dresses, flowers, a pair of roller blades, a
text: script with a red cover -- which he never reads.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - LATER
text: By now he has taken all the boxes in the P. Only H E L
text: remains. He pauses to let the irony of that sink in, then
text: collects more boxes. He is even more exhausted.
scene_heading: EXT. PALM GROVE
text: Two boxes remain. One is the box with Angel Wings. Chuck
text: sets it aside. He opens the other box. Out tumbles a
text: DOCTOR'S BAG. Chuck can't believe it. He opens the bag.
text: It's full of great stuff. Medicine. A scalpel. A saw.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Okay. Okay now.
scene_heading: EXT. PALM GROVE - LATER
text: Hands bandaged, Chuck tries to strike a spark on the roller
text: blade wheel housing. Tries over and over. Nothing.
text: He takes a long drink from his canteen, and flinches. His
text: tooth is starting to hurt. He fishes some Tylenol out of the
text: surgeon's bag and takes two.
scene_heading: EXT. OTHER SIDE OF ISLAND - DAY
text: Chuck picks some berries and gingerly tries them. They're
text: not bad. He eats more. Then more. What a relief.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - NIGHT
text: Chuck lies on his palm fronds, groaning and holding his
text: stomach. He drags himself to his knees, crawls a few feet,
text: and throws up in great, violent heaves.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY
text: Still looking a little green, Chuck marks another day on his
dialog: tree calendar.
scene_heading: EXT. SUMMIT
text: He stares out to sea. Nothing.
scene_heading: EXT. WELL - DAY
text: Chuck lies on his belly and drinks from the well, which has
text: filled with water. Then he washes his face and splashes
text: water over his neck. The surface of the well stills,
text: bringing CHUCK'S REFLECTION into focus. He stares at
dialog: himself.
text: Very carefully Chuck shaves with the surgeon's scalpel.
text: Chuck checks out his new appearance in the water. Much
dialog: better. A clean start now.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - LATER THAT DAY
text: He sits in front of his failed efforts to make fire.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You're not getting it hot enough. Got to
dialog: hold the heat. Got to hold the heat.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - LATER
text: Chuck carefully shaves some tinder. Puts it under a piece of
text: bamboo split lengthwise with a notch cut across it.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - LATER
text: Chuck uses a bamboo stick to try to make friction in the
text: split half of the bamboo. He saws back and forth with all
text: his might, pressing it down in the groove.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - LATER
text: Chuck gives one last saw with his bamboo and stops, utterly
text: defeated. It's all too much.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Sonofabitch!
text: He starts to rub again. He breathes hard, sweat pours off
text: his face. He is really going for it, what the hell! A tiny
text: wisp of smoke appears! Chuck saws with even more energy.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Come on. Come on.
text: The smoke increases. Chuck rips away the bamboo, grabs the
text: nest of shavings, and blows on it frantically. The smoke
text: flickers and dies. Chuck can't believe it.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: No. No. No.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - NIGHT
text: Chuck lies in his bed of palm fronds, shivering. He looks up
text: at the stars, which blaze furiously.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: That's the big dipper...Orion...or is
dialog: that the Southern Cross...? Kelly would
dialog: know.
text: And he misses her so much. A shower of meteors streaks
text: across the sky, as if the very heavens are raining down on
dialog: Chuck.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY
text: Chuck readies his two sticks of bamboo again and begins
text: sawing with tremendous energy. He smells something. Is it
text: smoke? He pulls off the log and looks eagerly at the nest of
text: tinder. There's nothing there.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Dammit!
text: He replaces the log and starts wearily to saw again.
speaker_heading: TIME CUT
text: The sun has moved in the sky. Chuck is still sawing. Again
text: the smoke appears. Again sweat pours from his face. The
text: smoke increases. He saws even harder. His breath comes in
text: anguished gulps. Smoke is curling up now. Chuck tears away
text: the bamboo, picks up the nest of kindling, and blows on it
text: gently. The smoke increases.
text: He blows some more. A fragile crimson spark appears.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Careful now, careful...
text: He gently places the nest of shavings in the kindling, then
text: blows on it with utmost care, as if he were holding life
text: itself. He shreds his money and business cards over the tiny
dialog: flame.
text: Suddenly, the evening breeze lifts the nest out of the
text: kindling. Desperate, Chuck grabs it. Trying to shield it
text: with his body, he grabs some palm fronds and jams them into
text: the sand, trying to make a windbreak. They rustle and shake
text: and blow over.
text: The wind blows harder. Chuck jams some rocks in a circle to
text: make an eddy. But the fire is out. No words now, just a
text: loud, primal groan of pure despair.
text: And then, into his vision floats...smoke.
text: Chuck looks down. A wisp of smoke curls up from the nest of
text: tinder! Chuck blows on it gently. Suddenly a tiny tongue of
text: flame flickers and catches on the kindling!
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Yes! Yes! Yes!
text: He feeds in some more twigs, more tinder. The flames lick
dialog: out, catch, grow.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: If I ever forgot to thank you God, and I
dialog: am sure I did, thank you now.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - WIDE - NIGHT
text: The fire burns on the beach. Chuck rushes about, piling on
text: driftwood.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - CLOSER
text: Chuck darts into the jungle and returns dragging a huge log.
text: He throws it on the fire. We see his face in the light of
text: the fire. He is exultant. He dances. He sings at the top
dialog: of his lungs. Papa-ooo-mow-mow!
text: Chuck throws another huge log on the fire. Papa-papa-papa-
text: oooo! The log splutters and explodes, sending up a huge
text: shower of sparks that climb and sparkle in the
text: darkness...until they merge with the stars.
scene_heading: EXT. PALM GROVE - MORNING
text: Chuck makes a mark on the tree. Around it he carves a flame
dialog: -- the day he mastered fire.
scene_heading: EXT. PALM GROVE - LATER THAT MORNING
text: Chuck sharpens his spear with his stone knife. Then he
text: sticks it in the flame to harden it, pulls it out, checks it,
text: scrapes some more.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY
text: Chuck wades in the water with his spear. Suddenly he stabs
text: it down. A crab is on the end.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - HALF HOUR LATER
text: Chuck removes a crab from out of the fire and breaks a
text: steaming crab claw. Chuck takes a bite of the flaky white
text: meat. Ahhh. It tastes great. He takes another bite -- and
text: flinches.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Damn tooth!
text: He fumbles for his Tylenol and takes two pills.
scene_heading: EXT. SUMMIT - SUNSET
text: Chuck stands on the summit, looking in all directions. Then,
text: something on the island brings Chuck's eyes back from their
text: distant focus on the horizon. From down on the beach,
text: beneath the palm grove, there curls a thin column of smoke.
text: Chuck lets a bit of pride creep into his face as he sees it.
text: He kneels down and begins to build a signal fire.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - NIGHT - LATER
text: Chuck curls up in his bed of palm fronds. The fire burns.
text: Around it is a large stack of crab shells. He stares into
dialog: the fire.
scene_heading: EXT. PALM GROVE - MORNING
text: Chuck makes another mark on the tree. He has circled the
text: tree with marks several times now.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY
text: Using a safety pin and some suturing thread, Chuck fishes
text: carefully. Suddenly he jerks his hand back. On the end is a
text: flopping fish.
scene_heading: EXT. PALM GROVE - DAY
text: Chuck takes a cooked fish off the fire and mixes it with some
text: breadfruit. He eats the soft mixture, chewing carefully, but
text: his tooth hurts even worse. There are only a few Tylenol
text: tablets left. He carefully cuts one in half and swallows it.
scene_heading: EXT. SUMMIT - AFTERNOON
text: Chuck arrives with the wood for the night. He stares out to
text: sea as usual, but this time he sees something different.
text: WHALES. He sees whales. Leaping. Broaching. Spouting.
text: Water pouring off fins and flukes. Moving. Going somewhere.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Beautiful. So beautiful.
text: Chuck stares at them, stares until the ocean darkens and he
text: can see them no more. It's late now.
text: Leaving, he takes one last look, as he always does. And
text: another remarkable sight greets his eyes. There, on the
text: horizon, just below the evening star, is a...LIGHT. He
text: stares at it, fixed.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: A star. It's a star.
text: But then he stares at it really hard.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: It's a ship.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - TREE - NEXT DAY
text: A tree shakes and moves, quivers...
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Timberrr!
text: ...then slowly falls with a CRASH!
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I heard that...
text: Chuck holds his surgeon's saw over the stump. He walks to
text: another tree and begins to saw his way into the trunk.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - SERIES OF SHOTS
text: Up above the high tide line, Chuck lashes a log to a row of
text: five logs already joined with vines.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: No more waiting. Take action.
text: Chuck sews several designer dresses together with needle and
text: suturing thread for a sail.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: That's right. Take action.
text: He cuts bamboo for the mast. He carves driftwood for an oar.
text: He fills gourds with water, stores breadfruit and coconut as
text: he sings "Fly Me to the Moon" to himself.
text: He ties the sail to the mast and extends it with a bamboo
text: boom lashed on with palm fiber and video tape. He ties on
text: the doctor's kit and the FedEx box with the angel wings.
text: He examines his handiwork: a finished raft.
text: He brings out his old life preserver and puts it on, then
text: grabs hold of one corner of the raft to pull it down to the
text: beach. It doesn't budge. He tries to pull it again.
text: Nothing. He leans his back into it and pushes with his legs.
text: Nothing. He collapses on the beach, his breath coming in
dialog: heaves.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: How could I be so stupid?
text: He bangs himself on the head, over and over.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Stupid, stupid, stupid.
scene_heading: EXT. PALM GROVE - NIGHT
text: Chuck throws new firewood on the dwindling fire. It comes
text: back to life. Meteors streak again across the sky. He
text: stares at the indifferent stars. The moon is almost full.
text: Shadows of palm trees sway on the sand.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - NIGHT
text: Chuck stands by the edge of the water, which shimmers in the
text: reflected light of the fire. A wave come in, licks at his
text: toes. Lifts up a coconut husk, sweeps it gently out. Chuck
text: watches, gets an idea.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - NIGHT
text: He begins to dig in the sand by the raft. He grabs the oar
text: and digs faster, making a trench up to where the raft is.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - MORNING
text: The rising tide floods water into the trench. Chuck rocks
text: the raft back and forth. It floats! As the wave recedes, it
text: takes the raft with it. Chuck has to run beside it.
scene_heading: CHUCK TRYING TO ESCAPE - MONTAGE
text: Over and over, we see Chuck capsize at the reef. The first
text: time he has a bandage on his leg. He tries everything --
text: different rafts, different approaches, but each time the
text: ocean spits him back.
scene_heading: EXT. LAGOON - DAY
text: Defeated and utterly exhausted, Chuck swims back from his
text: latest failure. He wades back ashore with the FedEx box and
text: throws it on the ground by the palm tree. He has tried so
dialog: hard to escape, so incredibly hard, done everything humanly
text: possible and beyond. He rips off his life preserver, throws
text: it into the underbrush, then collapses on the beach.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You're too low in the water. Too damn
dialog: low.
text: Chuck's shoulders begin to shake, as he is racked with deep
text: sobs of despair.
text: And then he throws his head back and lets forth, from deep
text: inside himself, a SCREAM of rage and anger and pain. The
text: Scream pierces the indifferent natural sounds of the island,
text: the rustling of the breeze, the lulling rhythm of the waves.
text: It is powerful, disturbing, primal.
text: The breeze picks up. Behind Chuck, the palm trees begin to
text: sway. The tide is reaching up toward the beach. The waves
text: crash louder. The palm trees sway even more.
text: Chuck picks up some wet sand and rubs it on his body.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Dust thou art -- that's for damned sure
dialog: -- and unto dust shalt thou return.
text: A few DROPS OF RAIN begin to fall, splashing on Chuck and
text: sizzling in the fire.
text: Chuck looks up: clouds have obscured the sun. The wind
text: blows harder. The rain falls harder, streaking the sand
text: Chuck had rubbed on his body. STEAM sizzles out of the fire.
text: Chuck looks up, disbelieving. The bottom falls out of the
dialog: heavens -- monsoon rain, more rain than you have ever seen
text: before. A long wave rolls up, its frothy fingers reaching
dialog: for the fire.
dialog: Forget the raft! Forget despair! The fire could go out!
dialog: This is disaster!
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Shit!
text: He springs into action. Chuck grabs an empty FedEx box.
text: With his wooden shovel he frantically SCOOPS SOME COALS out
text: of the fire as the rain HISSES and POUNDS at them. He slides
text: the coals into the FedEx box, grabs some sticks of driftwood
text: and sets off on a run.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DAY
text: Chuck runs through the woods, slipping and stumbling. Vines
text: grab at him. The rain is so thick he can hardly see.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - MINUTES LATER
text: Chuck bursts out of the woods into the lava field. Smoke
text: pours out of the FedEx box. The coals are about to burn
dialog: through!
scene_heading: EXT. LAVA FIELD - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck stumbles up the slippery rocks, dragging the smoking
text: box. His face is drenched, desperate.
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE - DAY - MINUTES LATER
text: Chuck tumbles into the cave just as the coals burn through
text: the FedEx box.
text: Using the remains of the box, he desperately tries to scoot
text: the coals into a dry spot.
text: One by one, THE PRECIOUS COALS GO OUT.
text: Dripping water off his hands and face, he pushes a few
text: together with his fingers, ignoring the burns.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Please...please...please...
text: He stomps on the driftwood and saws at it with his knife. He
text: places this kindling on the coals. They sputter and sizzle.
text: Barely catch. He fans them with the box. A tiny flicker
text: catches, then starts to grow.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Firewood. I need firewood.
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS
text: On the beach, Chuck desperately gathers more firewood in the
text: driving monsoon. He can barely see. Driven by the storm,
text: the waves are licking at the palm grove.
text: He runs through the woods. Branches whip at his face. Roots
text: tear at his feet, tripping him.
text: He stumbles up the lava field. Sliding. Struggling. Barely
text: able to breathe, the rain is so strong.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - DAY
text: He dumps the firewood on the floor of the cave. But where
text: the fire had flickered, there is only a pile of wet black
dialog: ashes.
text: THE FIRE IS OUT.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NIGHT
text: Chuck lies on the floor of the cave, shivering in the
text: darkness as the rain falls. His fire is out, his tooth is
text: killing him, he can't escape.
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE - NEXT DAY
text: Chuck emerges from the cave. The rain has stopped. This is
text: the absolute lowest. His face reflects his pain and despair.
text: He's trapped. It's hopeless. Everything he tried to build
text: is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE - DAY
text: Chuck slowly walks out on the ledge. He stares down at the
text: waves breaking on the jagged rocks far below.
text: He lets go one hand. Then lets go the other. He is barely
text: balanced. It looks like a wisp of breeze would blow him
text: right off. He slides one foot to the very lip of the
text: precipice.
text: Suddenly his foot slips!
text: Instinctively he turns into the cliff, grabs for a hold! One
text: hand reaches for a nubbing of rock, slips off! The other
text: closes, his fingers straining to hold him.
text: He breathes in deep gasps. He had wanted to end it, come so
dialog: close.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What the fuck are you doing?
dialog: His deepest instinct was to survive. And that is what he is
dialog: going to do.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Hang on. Just hang on.
text: Slowly he pulls himself back from the edge.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - LATER
text: Chuck walks aimlessly down the beach, feeling the burden of
text: starting over. The beach is littered with seaweed and
text: flotsam, bits of rope, plastic bottles. He picks up a
dialog: plastic bottle. That will come in handy.
text: The Chuck sees a SOCCER BALL with "Wilson" stamped on it in
text: big black letters.
text: He picks it up, holds it, tosses it up in the air. Then he
text: kicks it, then kicks it again, then runs down the beach,
text: trying to kick it and keep it out of the water. Feeling joy
dialog: again, even here.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - THAT DAY
text: The sun is setting on his darkened cave. The soccer ball
text: sits in the corner by the black cold ashes of what was once
dialog: his fire.
text: Chuck carves a bit of coconut meat, takes a bite and winces
text: as the meat hits his sore tooth. He tosses the shell on a
text: small new pile of shells.
text: Chuck shakes out the last half Tylenol tablet. He puts the
text: tablet in his mouth, then takes a sip out of his coconut
text: canteen. When the water hits his tooth that hurts too.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - MORNING
text: Chuck mixes a mash of breadfruit and coconut. He tries to
text: pack the tooth with the mash, but it's so sensitive that even
text: this hurts. He pounds the floor of the cave in frustration.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - LATER
text: Chuck holds a stone chisel and his hammer stone. He
text: positions the chisel against his inflamed tooth. But the
dialog: thought of what he is about to do is too frightening. He
text: lowers the chisel.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Shit. Shit. Shit.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY
text: Chuck tries to fill his mouth with sea water. The pain is so
text: great his eyes water.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Whoo, pig. Sooey!
text: He falls back in the water and floats there, looking up at
dialog: the sky.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - LATER
text: Determined, Chuck hold the stone chisel again. He raises it
text: slowly to his mouth and picks up the hammer stone.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: No pain, no gain.
text: He brings the hammer down hard on the chisel! The screen
text: goes BLACK as Chuck's SCREAM continues UNDER.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - SUNRISE - THREE YEARS LATER
text: The sky takes on the first colors of the day. The ocean is
text: still dark, but a few waves catch the first light. The
text: sunrise touches the summit, moves down the cliff, then lights
text: the cove. On the screen superimpose:
scene_heading: "1000 DAYS LATER"
scene_heading: REFLECTION - WATER
text: A spear shimmers in the calm morning water. Attached to the
text: spear is a man, standing completely still.
speaker_heading: ON CHUCK
text: We move up out of the reflection to the real man. His legs
text: are scarred. The remnants of a dress wrap around his middle.
text: A stone knife on a neatly mounted haft is stuck in a belt
text: made of videotape and woven fiber. Necklaces of shark's
text: teeth and shells hang from his neck. His hair is long. A
text: coconut frond hat is on his head.
text: The hand wrapped around the spear is scarred and brown as a
text: berry. It holds the spear perfectly still. The watch is
dialog: gone.
text: We come around slowly until we see Chuck's face. The eyes
text: say it all. They stare out with a survivor's intensity,
text: staring at the water, unblinking. This is the man who used
text: to splash futilely about in the water trying to fish.
text: This is the FedEx man who was plugged into the tumult of
text: activity and energy, surrounded by technology and human
text: activity at its most intense, devoted to making seconds
text: count. Now he is utterly alone, and utterly still.
dialog: And now he has all the time in the world.
text: Suddenly, without an once of wasted motion, he shoots the
text: spear forward at a low angle. It quivers, stuck on the
text: bottom. He pulls it out with a practiced twist. On the end
text: is a struggling fish.
dialog: But this isn't a thrill anymore. It's another day at the
dialog: office.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - LATER THAT DAY
text: Chuck makes a mark on a palm tree. He has completely covered
text: three other trees with marks. It sinks in how long he has
dialog: been here.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - LATER
text: Chuck carries the fish back from the beach. Now there is a
text: well-worn trail.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - THAT AFTERNOON
text: Chuck enters with the fish. We are greeted with the well-
text: ordered lair of a primitive stone-age man.
text: Clam shell spirals weave in and out around the fire hole.
text: Strips of eel jerky and fish hang drying from racks.
text: Tools are lined up neatly: digging sticks, stone hammers and
text: saws, spears neatly hafted onto shafts, drills, awls. Bits
text: and pieces of feathers, skins, bones, rags, leaves -- are all
text: neatly arranged. Strings and cords hang from hooks. Coconut
text: bowls and cooking rocks form a small kitchen. A raincoat and
text: rain-hat woven of palm fronds is neatly draped over a frame.
text: Evocative pieces of driftwood decorate the room. A wind
text: chime of obsidian flakes sways gently. The watch hangs on a
dialog: stick.
text: The Angel Box has the place of honor on one side. On the
text: other side the Wilson soccer ball rests on a throne of rocks.
text: Seaweed has been placed on the ball as hair. Clam shells
text: have been stuck on for eyes, other shells form a mouth. A
text: tube shell and conch form a pipe.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - FIRE - NIGHT
text: The fish are being smoke under a palm frond. Eel skins hang
text: from sticks, roasting. Chuck sits by the fire, hafting a
text: stone knife onto a wooden haft.
text: He ties some fiber to a stick, then braids it into string,
text: using both hands and his mouth for the three strands.
text: He ties the string tightly around the shaft. He does his
dialog: work automatically.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NIGHT - LATER
text: Chuck eats some fish and some mashed breadfruit. He chews
text: each bite, his eyes in distant focus. The firelight flickers
text: on his face.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF - SUNRISE
text: Chuck carries firewood up to the summit. He mechanically
text: adds wood to the fire. As he does so, something out to sea
text: catches his eye. He stops and stands up.
scene_heading: CHUCK'S POV - WHALES
text: WHALES broach out past the rocky point. Spouts of water
text: shoot into the air.
speaker_heading: ON CHUCK
text: As he watches them, a light comes back into his eyes. He
text: grins. There's a big gap where his teeth had been. He turns
text: and strides down the hill.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF - MOMENTS LATER
text: He heads across the rock bridge that once had so terrified
text: him, without losing stride. It's second nature now.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck enters the cave, picks up the ball and heads out.
scene_heading: EXT. SUMMIT - EVENING
text: The signal fire burns. A spectacular cloudy sunset lights up
text: the sky. Chuck sits with Wilson on the summit, a bowl of
text: mashed breadfruit in one hand, a bowl of roasted eel skin in
dialog: another.
text: As Chuck watches the sunset unfold, watches the whales going
text: by in the darkened water, he takes some roasted eel chips,
text: dips them into the breadfruit paste, and offers one to
text: Wilson. His voice is flat, monotonal.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Chips? Dip?
text: But Wilson declines.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: No?
text: He takes a big crunchy bite.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Another fucking day in paradise.
text: PULL BACK as the sun goes down and Chuck reaches into the
text: bowl again and dips an eel skin chip in the dip.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKY LEDGE - NIGHT - LATER
text: Torch in one hand, Wilson in the other, Chuck walks across
text: the rocky ledge. He passes the flume without even noticing.
text: Suddenly his shoe breaks! It's sandal made of woven yucca
dialog: leaves.
text: He bends down and fixes it, then heads on down the ledge.
scene_heading: EXT. LEDGE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck makes a casual leap, a leap he has made hundreds of
text: times, but this time the sandal comes loose. It catches on a
dialog: rock, and CHUCK FALLS!
text: His hands are cut and bruised. He tries to get up, can't.
text: Chuck sits back and examines his foot. His fingers come back
text: covered with blood. He reaches out to steady himself, and
text: leaves a HANDPRINT OF BLOOD on the rock.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - LATER
text: Chuck wraps his foot in bandages.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - LATER
text: Chuck's face is sweaty. He looks down at his foot. It is
text: red, swollen, infected. He stands up, tries to put some
text: weight on it. The pain is intense.
text: Chuck sticks the scalpel onto some coals to sterilize it. He
text: holds it over his foot, takes a breath, then jabs in into the
text: wound. The pain is intense. Chuck passes out.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NIGHT
text: Chuck stirs, takes a drink, weakly tosses on another log, and
text: collapses back on the floor.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - DAY
text: Chuck wakes up, trembling, shaking, wet with sweat. He
text: staggers up. His shadow sways on the wall of the cave. He
text: struggles to get another log on the fire. He squints at his
text: only companion, the soccer ball.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Help me, Wilson...
text: He collapses again.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NIGHT
text: Chuck stirs and squints his eyes. He takes a drink of water.
text: He is feeling better. He puts another log on the fire and
text: slowly begins to chew on some breadfruit and dried fish.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - LATER
text: Chuck slowly wades into the water, favoring his injured foot.
text: But something feels different. He glances around. What is
text: it? And then he sees something, perhaps the worst possible
dialog: sight.
speaker_heading: CHUCK'S POV - SAIL
text: A SAIL is moving steadily away from the island.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
text: Throws down the spear and waves his arms.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: No! Wait! Come back!
text: He runs into the water and starts to swim. He is so weak,
text: however, he can only make a few strokes. He tries to yell as
dialog: he swims...
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Wait! Wait!
text: Choking and weak, he turns back and drags himself up on the
text: beach. In the b.g., the sail dwindles into the distance.
scene_heading: EXT. SUMMIT - LATER
text: Chuck struggles to the top of the hill. His fire has been
text: extinguished by the rain. In the distance, far against the
text: horizon, he sees a sail -- or is it a cloud? The whiteness
text: shimmers against the horizon. Chuck squints. Whatever it
text: was, it is gone. Above him some contrails from jets mark the
dialog: sky.
text: Furious, he kicks his signal fire, scattering the burnt-out
dialog: coals.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - LATER THAT DAY
text: Chuck makes a new mark on his calendar tree. Then he stops.
text: He CUTS an angry big line under the last mark, then hacks
text: away at the palm tree, slashing it with the stone knife,
text: ripping and marking through all his dates. Finally the stone
text: knife breaks in two. Chuck drops the broken half and catches
text: his breath.
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE - NIGHT
text: Chuck enters the cave. No signal fires burn. The island is
dialog: dark.
scene_heading: EXT. SUMMIT - DAY
text: Chuck stands on the summit, staring out to sea. Nothing, not
text: even a contrail, not even a whale spout.
scene_heading: EXT. CLIFF - MOMENTS LATER
text: He is on his way down, suddenly he sees something and stops.
text: It's the HANDPRINT, the bloody handprint, his own handprint.
text: He slowly extends his hand and covers it, then pulls it away.
text: Traces it with his fingers.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - DAYS LATER
text: Chuck has the beginnings of an artist's studio. Several
text: large clam shells hold paint. A few egg shells are lined up.
text: Brushes have been made from roots and feathers.
text: Chuck covers his hand with paint and makes a handprint on the
text: wall of the cave. He stands back and looks at it.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - DAY
text: He chews some berries, then holds his hand against the wall
text: of the cave and spits a dark blue mist around it. When he
text: takes his hand away, the silhouette of his handprint remains.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - DAY
text: With the Angel Wing Box as a model, Chuck dips one of his
text: feather brushes in paint, and make a tentative line on the
text: wall of the cave. He works hesitantly, rubs off a line,
text: tries again.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NIGHT
text: Chuck is finishing his first figure, a crude portrait of a
text: man -- himself? Hard to tell. He examines his work. He
text: takes some shells and sticks them on as eyes.
text: Chuck picks up Wilson, thinks.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You old airhead, you need a makeover.
text: He takes some charcoal out of his fire and draws eyebrows on
text: the ball. Then, he mashes some berries, dips his fingers in
text: the juice, and makes lips. He sticks shells on with clay for
text: eyes. Then he looks at the face.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Wilson, you bad!
text: He sits back and regards his companion. He gestures around
text: the cave at the new paintings.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What do you think?
text: But Wilson doesn't have an opinion.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You don't share much, do you?
text: Idly Chuck takes down the Angel Box.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I guess I know how Kelly felt.
text: For a long time he studies the wings on it. With a stick, he
text: tries to draw a similar wing on the dusty floor of the cave.
text: Dissatisfied, he wipes it away. He looks at the Angel Box.
text: Casually he reaches over and cuts it open with a stone knife.
text: Inside he finds two bottles of green salsa. And a letter.
text: He reads over it.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You said our life was a prison. Dull.
text: Boring. Empty. I can't begin to tell
dialog: you how much that hurt. I don't want to
dialog: lose you. I'm enclosing some salsa, the
dialog: verde you like. Use it on your sticky
dialog: rice and think of home. Then come home
dialog: -- to me. We'll find the spice in our
dialog: lives again. Together. I love you.
dialog: Always. Bettina.
text: Visibly moved, Chuck puts down the letter.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: He never got it.
scene_heading: EXT. ISLAND - DAY
text: The monsoon pours down. Wind whips the palm trees. The
text: waves are gray and angry, tearing at the beach.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - DAY
text: As the rain pours down outside, Chuck studies the sodden,
text: ruined photograph of Kelly, which is really only a gray mess.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: She's probably found someone else. I
dialog: would have.
text: Chuck dips his finger into one of the bowls of colors and
text: streaks it slowly across his face. To exorcise his
dialog: loneliness, he will paint on the most expressive canvas there
text: is: his own body.
scene_heading: CHUCK PAINTING HIMSELF - MONTAGE
text: Close-up on scarred fingers, as they paint on Chuck's face
text: and body. Color on skin. Tight dramatic shots of Chuck
dialog: being transformed.
text: Chuck takes white paint and covers his hand. Then he presses
text: it into his chest and makes a handprint. He draws a yellow
text: spiral on his leg, then takes red and makes jagged lightning
text: bolts on his chest on either side of the hand.
speaker_heading: WATER
text: Shimmers in a gourd. Chuck's face swims into focus. It has
text: been painted white. Looking at himself in the reflection, he
text: dots on blue stars with dark blue from squid ink.
scene_heading: EXT. CAVE - LATER
text: The rains have stopped. The island is washed bright and
dialog: green.
speaker_heading: ON CHUCK
text: As he stands up in the cove. His face is white with blue
text: stars. Handprints circle his torso, flanked by red lightning
text: bolts. Braided cords circle his biceps. Bone necklaces hang
text: from his neck. Feathers jut out from his hair.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - DAY
text: Chuck goes from tree to tree, making handprints along his
dialog: path. Chuck was here. This is his mark.
scene_heading: EXT. PALM GROVE - DAY
text: He covers the calendar trees with handprints. Then stops.
text: Sees something. Eyes fixed on the beach, he walks toward the
dialog: shoreline.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY
text: Chuck emerges from the palm trees, and now we see what he had
dialog: seen.
scene_heading: A FIFTY-FIVE GALLON OIL DRUM.
text: And another one. TWO. Chuck stares at the barrels.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Hello.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - LATER
text: Chuck sits staring at the oil drums. It's almost as if he is
text: hesitating to take advantage of them. That he may not want,
dialog: really, to leave now.
text: Then his inner struggle ends.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What the hell are you waiting for?
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - LATER
text: Filled with determination, Chuck rolls a barrel up the beach.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - LATER
text: Using a palm tree as a fulcrum, Chuck hauls hard on a rope
text: made of vines, pulling the barrel up off the beach.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - DAY
text: Chuck throws aside palm leaves, revealing...the remains of
text: his raft.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NIGHT
text: Chuck is drawing with a purpose now. And we see what he is
text: working on. The plans for a raft.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NIGHT
text: Chuck is making a list of what he needs. He works intently.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Canteens. Sea anchor. Got to weave
text: rope. Spears. A sail.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNGLE - DAY
text: Chuck lashes the barrels onto the raft. Checks the knots.
text: Lashes more rope.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NIGHT
text: He sews dresses together with handmade fiber string.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NIGHT
text: He weaves videotape together to form a sea anchor.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY
text: Chuck digs a channel toward the raft.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - DAY
text: Chuck constructs a water collection device with some FedEx
text: boxes, some plastic weighted with a stone. Explains it to
dialog: Wilson.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Now I'm hoping that if this is airtight
dialog: I'll get condensation down here, a cup or
dialog: so a day. If I'm careful it should be
dialog: enough.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - NIGHT
text: Chuck writes on the wall.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: If I never return, know that here lived
dialog: Chuck Noland for four years. I drew
dialog: these paintings. I made these marks.
dialog: And then I took my fate in my own hands
dialog: and set forth to save myself, God
dialog: willing.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - DAY
text: Chuck loads the raft, which rocks gently in the cove. He has
text: a sail made of designer dresses sewn together with fiber
text: thread. A sea anchor secured by videotape woven together
text: into a rope. Plastic bottles filled with water. A signal
text: kite made of FedEx paper.
text: Then comes the FedEx box with the angel wings. Then Wilson.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Wilson, my main man. Time to go.
text: And he gently leads the raft into the lagoon.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Wonder what odds Stan would give me on
dialog: this. I'd say 90-10. Against.
text: He jumps onto the raft, begins to paddle out toward where the
text: surf crashes onto the reef.
scene_heading: EXT. LAGOON - DAY
text: Waves break against the reef. With his paddles Chuck
text: maneuvers the raft toward the cut in the reef. Boom! The
text: wave crashes, the water surges through the cut, then recedes
text: with a whoosh.
text: Chuck watches, times the waves, paddles like mad. He's
text: committed. SCRAPE goes the first barrel, then the second,
text: riding the receding wave. He's out!
text: But the next wave is already surging forward. It smashes the
text: raft against the reef! Coconuts and foodstuffs hurtle off
dialog: the raft!
text: The barrels cushion the impact. The raft tilts, spins, but
text: stays outside the reef! The ropes holding the jugs of water
text: break! The water sweeps overboard!
text: The wave recedes again. Chuck recovers, paddles with all his
dialog: strength, and then he's clear of the breakers!
text: For a long moment he floats on the rollers, getting his
dialog: breath.
text: The water jugs float away, carried by the waves back into the
dialog: lagoon. Chuck could go back and get them. If he were being
dialog: prudent, he definitely would.
text: But he's out. He might never get back out again.
text: He stares at the lagoon and the receding water jugs. Then he
text: stares at the island. Goodbye to all that.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Wilson, we're out of here.
text: He turns and begins raising the sail.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - WIDE - MINUTES LATER
text: Powered by its multicolored makeshift sail, trailing its
text: gently flapping signal kite of FedEx paper, the raft slowly
text: moves away from the island, out toward the open ocean.
text: And we pull back until the ocean swallows the tiny raft and
dialog: then we TILT DOWN AND...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY - FOUR WEEKS LATER
text: The ocean again, low. The raft floats into frame. A trace
text: of a breeze flaps the signal kite, which barely stays aloft,
text: its rope frayed and tattered. The still is set up in the
text: middle, plastic with a rock weighting down the center.
text: Chuck is gaunt, his clothes rotted.
text: He lies looking over the side of the raft, spear in one hand,
text: staring intently at the water.
text: Dorados swim like specters, flashing and darting. Chuck
text: stabs with his spear. Stabs again.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Slow down, damn you!
text: Exhausted, he sinks back to the raft. Two Dorados leap into
text: the air ahead of him.
text: Chuck tries to stare again into the water. He spots another
text: fish, a flash of silver under the surface.
text: Chuck struggles to his feet, raises his spear. SPLAT!
text: Something strikes him in the chest, almost knocking him into
dialog: the water.
text: On the raft we see flashes of silver and green and blue. A
text: FLYING FISH. Chuck dives at it, catches it, loses it.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Catch it catch it catch it --
text: He catches it again just as it almost flops over the side.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck sucks the juice out of the head. He chews meat off the
text: tiny rib bones.
text: Chuck is in the stage of malnutrition, vitamin deprivation,
dialog: salt insufficiency, and exposure where the personality splits
text: and becomes external. Like all castaways, he has
text: conversations with the two sides of himself.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Save some for tomorrow.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: Catch another fish tomorrow.
text: BadChuck wins. Chuck keeps eating. He stares up at the sun,
text: which beats down unmercifully.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT - DAY - LATER
text: The raft drifts. Chuck has taken down the sail and rigged it
text: as a canopy. Drenched with sweat, Chuck lies on the raft,
text: trying to sleep. He dabs at some sores that are ulcerating
text: his body and won't let him get comfortable. Plus, there's a
text: chaffing, squeaking sound. He looks around for the source.
text: We see it with him. One of the ropes is frayed and about to
text: break. If it does, the logs will come apart from the floats.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: Shit! Shit! Shit!
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Stay calm, identify the problem.
dialog: Problem, rope fraying. Solution, fix
dialog: rope.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: With what? There's nothing to fix it
dialog: with. This rope comes undone, you're
text: going to drown.
speaker_heading: GOOD CHUCK
dialog: Just get up and fix it.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: Too tired.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Get up.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: Feels so good to lie here.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Get up, damn you.
text: Chuck comes to his knees. Then sinks back down.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: Can't. Need water.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: You've had today's water.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: Thirsty.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Come on, shape up, get going, you can do
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: No water, no work.
text: Chuck tries another tack. Sweet reason.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Okay look, I know you're tired, I know
dialog: you're thirsty, but give it one more
dialog: shot, you've just got to do a little
dialog: more.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: Do too much, I'll die.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Do too little you'll die.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: Going to die anyway.
text: That stops GoodChuck for a moment.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Okay, look have an extra swallow.
text: He holds up the pathetic little jar with its few teaspoons of
text: murky water.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: No more water, you said.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Take it.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Take it, damn it.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Wilson, do you believe this? Take the
dialog: damn water.
text: Slowly Chuck gets up, lifts up the water jar, and takes a
text: swallow. Then another.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Stop. Enough.
dialog: Then another.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT - DAY - LATER
text: Chuck works to braid a new rope. He is focused,
text: concentrating as hard as he can, but everything is slow and
text: hard and he's weak and clumsy. He tests the rope, but it
text: doesn't hold.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Think. Got to use something else.
text: He gets an idea, starts to pull the signal kite in.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: If they can't see you, what's the point?
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Survive today, that's the point.
text: The kite rope is much thinner than the rope he had used to
text: tie the logs, but it's all he has. He ties the log with the
text: kite rope. Exhausted, he lies back down.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT - NIGHT
text: The moon is full. The waves cast off shadows on the ocean.
text: Chuck is staring into the sky, trying to find a star to
dialog: navigate by.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Polaris, where are you? Maybe I'm too
dialog: far south.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: You don't know where you are. You missed
dialog: the shipping lanes.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Moon's too bright.
text: We hear the fraying sound again.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT - DAY
text: Chuck saws at the outer log with his stone knife. Across the
text: water comes a storm. We can see it like a waterfall moving
dialog: toward us.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: You're putting off the inevitable.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: I'm putting it off.
text: He looks at the deteriorating rope, at the rotting sail.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: That's what's happening to you.
text: Chuck pushes the outer log away, then takes the loose rope
text: and begins to lash it around the center logs.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: You're rotting away.
text: The raft is rocking. The waves are stronger. It's hard to
text: tie the logs together.
text: Rain falls like a sheet on Chuck.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: Get water!
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
text: Fix raft first.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: Water water water --
text: Chuck works frantically in the rain, trying to tie the rope.
text: Finally he does.
text: Then he scrambles for his water collecting funnel, struggles
text: to pull it up. One corner is stuck and collapses.
text: Desperately he rights it, pulls the funnel up.
text: Drops begin to run down the sides and collect in the jar.
text: Soaked, Chuck stares at the water as it rises.
text: Then the rain stops.
text: We see the line of rain recede away from Chuck, spattering
text: the ocean. But all around him the ocean is calm again.
text: And out comes the sun.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
text: The raft floats on quiet seas. The sky is blue, with few
text: high cirrus clouds so motionless they seem pasted on.
text: Chuck lies on the raft, sick and weak.
text: Suddenly, from the depths beside him, silently rises a huge
dialog: shape.
text: A SPERM WHALE, still mainly submerged. The blow hole is near
text: Chuck, wet and pulsing like giant lips. The eye of the whale
text: is only a few feet away. It looks upon Chuck out of an
text: intelligence deep and alien.
text: He slowly comes to his knees and stares at it.
text: The blow hole opens and WHOOSH, out shoots a geyser of fine
text: spray which settles on Chuck in a mist.
text: The whale rises farther, dwarfing the raft. From the whale
text: comes a deep sound like a foghorn.
text: Startled, Chuck jumps back, rocking the raft. He catches
text: himself, slowly reaches out and touches the whale.
text: The whale blows again, drenching Chuck in more spray.
text: Chuck touches the whale again.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: You like that?
text: Very slowly it drifts along with the raft.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Lost your mate?
text: We look right into the whale's eye. Beneath the surface we
text: can see the huge jaws open and close.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: You're beautiful. Marry me.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: You idiot, if he dives, he'll capsize the
dialog: raft.
text: Very slowly the whale moves ahead of the raft, its vast body
text: passing Chuck.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: No, don't go. Look, I've got fish.
text: Chuck rips a fillet off the line and throws it in front of
text: the whale, which ignores it.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Please don't dive. Please.
text: The whale slowly sinks, then suddenly arches its huge back
text: and heads straight for the bottom.
text: For a moment, all that remains are the flukes, black and
text: vertical against the dark blue sky. With one swoop, those
dialog: flukes could destroy Chuck and his raft. But they don't do
text: anything except slowly sink.
text: Then it is gone.
text: We are on Chuck's face as he stares at where the whale had
text: been, the surface marked only by a ring of concentric ripples
text: that reach out and gently rock the raft.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
text: Chuck checks the water. It is green and full of floaties.
text: It looks awful. He takes the jug, puts it to his mouth, and
text: drinks. Instantly he throws up back into the jug, barely
text: keeps from dropping it.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: Look what you've done.
text: He dips his hand into the ocean, splashes some sea water on
text: his face, splutters it out, then licks his lips. He is so
dialog: thirsty.
text: He looks at the water jug, full now with his own vomit, turns
text: away, begins to work on the sea anchor again.
text: But the work makes him even thirstier. He looks at the jug
dialog: again.
text: Picks it up. Takes a long drink.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
text: The fish return. Chuck gets up with his spear, then puts it
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Can't kill another one. Can't. Can't
dialog: kill my friends anymore.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: You fucking bleeding heart, you kill or
dialog: you die.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Why do they have to die for me?
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: They'd eat you if they could. They're
dialog: laughing at you. Listen.
text: Chuck listens. Doesn't hear anything.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Got to eat.
text: Chuck picks up the spear, stabs it, misses.
text: Suddenly he has a fish on the end of the spear. It
text: struggles, he scoops it onto the raft, brutally pounds on its
text: head, twists the stone knife into its spine. The struggling
dialog: stops.
text: Chuck looks at the dead fish and begins to sob.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: I am so sorry.
text: He cries uncontrollably. As he cries he cuts off the head,
text: pulls out the eyeballs, and eats each one. Then he sucks the
text: marrow out of the head.
text: Then takes the heart and eats that. Then eats the liver.
text: As he is chewing, he cuts the meat into strips.
text: When he is done, he takes the backbone, breaks it, and sucks
text: on it.
text: Fish scales shine in his hair, blood covers his chest.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - NIGHT
text: The raft rocks gently. Chuck looks up. The strips of fish
text: are glowing. So is the deck where he killed the fish.
text: He reaches out to touch the fish strips. His hand is glowing
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I'm an angel.
text: Suddenly he sees other lights. A ship. A ship is out there.
text: And he hears it, a humming in deep register.
text: He waves his hands. He yells.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Here! Here!
text: His voice cracks, we can barely hear it over the ocean.
text: The lights move on.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: No...no...no...
text: His raft is rocked by the wake, rocked hard. Chuck is thrown
dialog: into the water!
text: He comes to the surface, sputtering. Where is the raft?
text: He looks one way, then another. Darkness.
dialog: This is the worst.
text: He turns again in the water. There, dimly, he can see the
text: glow from the fish he killed. The glow saves his life.
text: He swims toward it.
text: He pulls himself back on the raft.
text: He lies there exhausted, the glow from the phosphorescence
text: casting a greenish light on his face.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
text: Clouds are building up. In the distance lightning flashes.
text: The clouds come closer.
text: Little bits of electricity jump off the mast. Saint Elmos
text: fire jumps around Chuck's hand.
text: Fascinated, he holds out his hand. The fire jumps from his
text: hand to the mast.
text: Suddenly lightning shoots from the sky and strikes the ocean!
text: A huge spout of water explodes like a depth charge. The
text: CRACK is intense, then rolls away.
text: Chuck stares, then realizes the danger and throws himself
text: down on the raft. Suddenly a wall of rain sweeps over him
text: and the ocean begins to roll. The thunder is deafening.
text: Lightning flashes bursts through the rain.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Sea anchor! Let out the sea anchor!
text: Frantic, Chuck lets out the sea anchor as the raft scuds down
text: a huge wave. The anchor catches, slowing the raft so that it
text: rides the wave down.
text: The waves come at him high as houses. The raft rides up one
text: side, then plunges down the next.
text: All Chuck can do is hold on.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
text: The storm has passed. The raft floats on big dark rollers.
text: We hear the chirping and squeaking of dolphins. They come
text: close to the raft. Chuck watches them play. Then realizes
text: they are chasing his fish. They drive them along, into the
text: path of another dolphin, who darts in and rips into the
text: dorado, turning the water around the raft into churning,
text: bloody foam.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Stop!
text: He takes his oar and begins beating the water. The killing
dialog: continues.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You fucking murderers!
text: Suddenly the water is still. One dolphin sticks its head out
text: of the water and stares at Chuck, squeaking.
text: Another dolphin lifts its head up, then another. They squeak
text: to each other, clearly communicating and talking about Chuck.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I know you're talking about me!
text: He splashes the water with his oar.
text: They dive, then jump into the air, squeaking as they go.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (very softly)
dialog: Take me with you.
dialog: They're gone.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Why me? Why me, God?
text: He begins to laugh.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: Listen to this, Wilson.
dialog: (deep voice: God)
dialog: Because you piss me off.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY
text: Chuck tries to stretch with some simple yoga. Each movement
dialog: takes forever.
text: He rolls over onto his stomach and tries to do a pushup. He
text: can't. Collapses onto the raft.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: You're falling apart.
text: Tries to do another pushup. Can't.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: First you eat your fat, then you eat your
dialog: muscle.
text: He rolls over.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: Then you eat your mind.
text: He looks at the ocean. They're in a line of garbage, a thick
text: slick of debris dumped off of ships.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Roll on you deep and dark blue ocean
dialog: roll.
text: He closes his eyes. After a minute they come open.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: I'm late, I'm late, for a very important
dialog: date.
text: They slowly close again.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: I'm lost. Goodbye.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: No!
text: His eyes come open again.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: Look, just slip off the raft. The ocean
dialog: would feel so good, the water's so soft
dialog: and warm. Take a little swim. Sleep.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: You quitter you quitter you quitter.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
text: The sea is lovely, dark and deep.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: But I have promises to keep.
dialog: (rolls over)
dialog: And miles to go before I sleep.
dialog: (props himself up)
dialog: And miles to go before I sleep.
dialog: (purpose now)
dialog: Got to fix the sea anchor. Use the sail.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: Use the sail for a sea anchor and you
dialog: won't move.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: If I don't have a sea anchor I'll
text: capsize.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: Die tomorrow or die today.
text: He hums Beethoven's fifth. BA BA BA BUM.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: That's death knocking, knocking on your
text: door. Crazy little woman come knocking,
dialog: knocking at my front door...
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Grow up, stop being such a baby. Other
dialog: people get through a lot worse.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: Yeah, sure, what?
text: He hums to himself, begins to sing, Beatles.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
text: I'm so tired, my mind is on the blink...
text: He pulls in the loose sea anchor rope, which is covered with
text: barnacles.
text: He scrapes the barnacle off the rope into the water jug, then
text: sips it.
text: The sun is setting, huge rays shoot out across the sky.
text: Out of the empty ocean the Dorados suddenly appear, leaping
text: flashes of silver right by the raft.
text: One Dorado swims right by the raft, broadside.
text: Chuck looks at it, uncomprehending. Then slowly reaches for
text: his spear.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: What? Are you sacrificing yourself for
dialog: me?
text: Carefully he comes to his feet, then shoots the spear into
dialog: the fish.
text: Flapping and struggling, it lands on the deck. Chuck pounces
text: on it.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT - NIGHT - MOMENTS LATER
text: He cuts it open. The other Dorados ram the raft in fury,
text: like a lynch mob.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Damn it! I had to do it!
text: The banging continues.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: I'm sorry!
text: He concentrates on his work, then sits back on his heels in
text: amazement. There's another fish inside. He holds that fish
text: up, stares at it, then cuts it open.
text: There's a smaller fish inside it.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: I know there's a moral here, God, but
dialog: right now I'm just going to eat.
text: He pops out an eyeball, then another, and crunches them
text: between his teeth.
text: He takes the heart and liver, starts to eat, then stops.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Forgot to say grace. Sorry Mom.
text: He struggles to remember.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Bless us O Lord, and these thy gifts and
dialog: Christ and the bounty about to receive,
dialog: or something...amen.
text: He eats them.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT - NEXT MORNING
text: Chuck splashes sea water on his face. Adjusts the water
dialog: still.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Please don't leak. Please.
text: Chuck picks up the smallest fish. It's half digested. He
text: washes it in the ocean, trigger fish come up and nibble at
text: his fingers.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Don't look at me. It was that Dorado.
text: He cuts the small fish and hangs it on the stays.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: You know, Wilson, every now and then we
dialog: should say thank you. Thank you God.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: Thank you for fucking up my life.
text: Suddenly something bumps the raft. Hard. Then again.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Not again.
text: Fins cut the water. SHARKS. A big hammerhead bumps the
text: raft. BadChuck hums the theme from "Jaws." Chuck takes his
text: spear stabs at the shark.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: He's going to get you, going to get
dialog: you...
text: Another one circles in, bumps the raft.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Get away from me!
text: The shark circles again, that big hammerhead like a
dialog: nightmare.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Get him get him get him.
text: He stabs at it with his spear. He might as well have stabbed
text: concrete. The shark circle, Chuck stabs again.
text: But the shark is gone.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Where are you? Where are you?
text: Stabs again and again at the empty ocean.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Stop! You're using energy. Move slowly.
dialog: Be patient.
text: Chuck kneels, wavering, on the raft. The ocean is calm.
text: Suddenly, BUMP. The raft tilts.
text: Chuck hangs on.
text: Then a shark appears, just out of spear range. Its lifeless
text: black eyes seem to stare right through Chuck.
dialog: If the Dorado was a gift from God, this is a message from
dialog: Hell.
text: Then the shark is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT - DAY - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck lies back on the raft. He is humming.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: What are you smiling about? They'll be
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: I'm dancing on the roof of the Peabody
dialog: Hotel. With Kelly.
text: He smiles at the thought.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
text: The music ends. We go back to the table.
text: The waiters have brought dinner. New
text: York Strip with Bordelaise Sauce.
text: Mushrooms in brown gravy. Roasted
text: potatoes with garlic and rosemary. Green
text: Beans with almonds. Fresh biscuits and
text: cornbread, dripping with butter. A nice
text: salad with ranch dressing. A jumbo
dialog: shrimp cocktail.
dialog: Thinks about that, it spoils the picture.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: No shrimp.
dialog: (then)
dialog: We eat.
text: He closes his eyes. This is the greatest fantasy.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: (as the waiter)
dialog: For dessert, we have pecan pie a la mode,
dialog: we have a double chocolate cake with
dialog: creme anglaise, we have a nice pear
dialog: torte, fresh key lime pie, or perhaps if
dialog: you care to wait a few minutes, a grand
dialog: marnier souffle?
text: Chuck thinks over the options, thinking of each one.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Why, bring them all, bring them all.
text: He rolls over. There, square in his vision, is a ship, its
text: form coming in and out of a low haze.
text: Chuck jumps to his feet. Waves. Screams.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Here! Over here!
text: The ship moves on. We can see the decks the rigging, the
dialog: vastness of it.
text: Chuck realizes he is naked. Struggles to pull on the remains
text: of his pants finally holds them like a diaper with one hand
text: as he continues to wave.
text: On the ship no one is to be seen. It is a spooky sight.
text: The big tanker moves on.
text: We are on Chuck's face. Passed up again.
text: Then he realizes what is about to happen. He throws out the
dialog: sea anchor.
text: He throws himself onto the raft and grips it as tight as he
text: can, wiggles his feet into the ropes.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Oh, shiiiittt!
text: Then comes the wake of the ship. It rocks the raft like a
text: piece of flotsam. The raft rides high up on the wave, then
text: shoots down it, but the sea anchor holds, and the raft slows
text: and rides along with the wave.
text: And then the sea is calm again.
text: Slowly Chuck sinks to his knees. His hand lets loose his
dialog: pants.
text: He lies down on the raft and imagines the conversation with
text: the ship's captain.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Permission to come aboard, sir.
speaker_heading: CHUCK/CAPTAIN
dialog: Permission granted.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: May I ask, where are you bound?
speaker_heading: CHUCK/CAPTAIN
dialog: San Francisco. And you?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: As it happens, I'm headed for Frisco
dialog: myself.
speaker_heading: CHUCK/CAPTAIN
dialog: Would you do us the honor of joining us?
text: We're just sitting down at mess. Pork
dialog: chops and gravy, cranberries, baked
dialog: potatoes with all the trimmings, fresh-
dialog: baked bread, apple pie...
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: No please, join me. Some sundried fish
text: strips, a few eyeballs, some gills to
text: munch on.
text: The depression comes back again.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: They're never going to see you. You're
text: just another piece of trash in the ocean.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
text: They're on autopilot.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: They're always on autopilot. Or else
dialog: it's night, or you're in the sun, or
dialog: you're in the trough of a wave. They'll
dialog: never see you.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Damn it! Don't be so negative!
text: Chuck picks up Wilson.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Wilson, what's your story?
text: He holds Wilson close to his chest.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: I float. You sink. End of story.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: I'm serious. I'm always going on about
dialog: me, me, me. Enough about me. Your turn.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: It's a fucking soccer ball, you idiot.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Shut up.
text: He lies on the raft and holds Wilson close.
dialog: We move up until we see --
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - AERIAL - EVENING
text: Chuck lying curled up on the raft, Wilson cradled in his
text: arms, and all around the vast empty ocean.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - NEXT MORNING
text: Chuck slowly wakes up. Sets Wilson aside.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Don't shirk, don't procrastinate, don't
dialog: be lazy. We're okay today. We're okay
dialog: today.
text: And the other Chuck begins to laugh.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Shut up.
text: The laughter goes on.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Shut the fuck up! I mean it.
text: He stands up and checks the horizon.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: What's so damn funny?
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: You are.
text: Suddenly Chuck sees something on the horizon. A bank of
text: clouds. A cone of -- land.
text: He squints, stares again. The clouds part. It looks like --
dialog: his island.
text: Chuck doesn't know whether to feel joy or despair.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: Look again, asshole. It's a mirage.
text: Chuck squints.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: It's real.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
text: Nothing out there but ocean.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Let's get a second opinion. Wilson?
dialog: What do you see?
text: Chuck picks up the soccer ball, holds it up, and stares out
dialog: at...ocean.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT - DAY - LATER
text: Chuck slowly writes on the sail.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Chuck Noland. Born October 8, 1958.
dialog: Died -- pick a date -- July 11, 1998.
text: And now the epitaph. Met deadlines.
text: Kept appointments. Lost without a trace.
text: He sits back, looks at the mock headstone.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: What did it matter if FedEx was five
dialog: minutes late one day? The next day we
dialog: just start over again.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: It matters. We do the best we can,
dialog: that's all we have.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: Then we've just got shit.
text: He goes on writing.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I am writing this to remind myself to
dialog: live a better life. If I am lost,
dialog: perhaps you who find this will be
dialog: instructed to live a better live
dialog: yourself. Live each day. Love your
dialog: children. Don't take anyone for granted.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: Is that it? Life is a fucking Disney
dialog: movie?
text: The waves begin to grow, the ocean turns a slate gray. Far
text: above him, great frigate birds circle. Suddenly one dives on
text: a booby which has caught a fish. The great frigate bird
text: swoops all around the booby until, panicked, it drops the
text: fish, which plummets toward the sea.
text: With a graceful dive, the huge bird grabs the fish and then
text: soars up on a thermal, high into the sky.
text: Lightning flashes back and forth across the horizon, which is
text: turning black and dark. Thunder rolls.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT - NIGHT
text: The raft goes up and down huge waves. Every few seconds
text: lightning flashes, illuminating the raft and Chuck holding
text: desperately to it, his eyes wild with fear.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT - MORNING
text: The waves continue. Chuck holds on, his face pale.
speaker_heading: BADCHUCK
dialog: You can't make it.
speaker_heading: GOODCHUCK
dialog: Shut up. I don't feel like dying today.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY - LATER
text: The sky clears. The waves are still big. The fish are back.
text: And then come the sharks, cutting through the water. Chuck
text: can't get up to get his spear, he just has to watch as blood
text: darkens the water.
text: And then the sharks are gone.
text: Chuck comes to his knees slowly, then a big wave hits.
text: Wilson is swept into the ocean!
text: For a moment Chuck is uncomprehending. He watches as Wilson
text: slowly floats away.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Please, no sharks.
text: Then he dives in to the water! Swims frantically after
dialog: Wilson.
text: Wilson floats away from him. He swims, but he's so weak.
text: Finally he gets to Wilson. He reaches out, but only pushes
text: the ball farther away.
text: It bobs on the waves. Chuck treads water, exhausted.
dialog: Where is the raft?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Jesus. Jesus. Jesus.
text: Then he turns back the other way. The raft has drifted by
text: him. He can go after Wilson, or he can go after the raft.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Shit! Wilson!
text: He swims toward the raft, barely moving. No matter how hard
text: he swims, the raft seems to recede from him.
text: Finally he reaches it, hangs on the side, breathing hard,
text: choking, crying.
text: He struggles to pull himself on board.
text: But he is weak, so weak. He can't do it.
text: Summoning some primitive reserve of strength, he tries again.
text: This time he slides on.
text: He lies on the raft, panting.
text: Then with all his strength he pulls himself to his feet,
text: holds on to the mast, scans the ocean for Wilson.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Wilson!
text: Nothing but waves.
text: This is too much. Chuck starts to cry.
scene_heading: EXT. RAFT - DAY - LATER
text: Chuck takes a swallow of water, washes it around in his
text: mouth, then swallows. With his wet tongue he licks his
text: cracked lips.
text: The sun breaks through the clouds.
text: With what strength he has left, Chuck raises the canopy,
text: fastens it.
text: He sits in the meager shade, his head between his knees.
text: Closes his eyes. Just for a minute.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY - LATER
text: A different sort of shadow crosses Chuck's face. He opens
text: his eyes.
text: There, riding right beside his raft, is a ship, a huge rusty
text: tanker. Someone shouts down in a language we don't
dialog: understand.
text: Chuck sits up, can't believe it. Struggles to cover himself.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN - DAY - LATER
text: Chuck is lifted up the rusted steel side of the boat in a
text: Jacob's ladder.
scene_heading: EXT. SHIP - DAY - LATER
text: Chuck steps on board, can't support himself.
text: The crew gathers around. None of them speak English, but
text: there is a spontaneous outburst of human connection.
text: One man brings some water. Another a blanket. Another some
text: warm tea.
text: Chuck sits there, shivering now.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Thank you. Oh thank you.
text: Deliriously happy. Delirious.
scene_heading: INT. U.S. NAVAL HOSPITAL - HAWAII
text: A cavernous hanger-sized ward brightly lit and filled with
text: row upon row of hospital beds, each with its table, side
text: chair, and lamp, each with a stainless steel bedpan and
text: neatly folded sheets and blankets stacked ready to use, and
text: each completely empty.
dialog: Except for one.
text: And on that bed we see Chuck, in a blue hospital gown. An IV
text: drips into his arm. He plays idly with the remote control of
text: the bed. He raises the head, then the foot. He pushes
text: another button and the knee rest bends the bed again.
text: A DOCTOR enters, carrying a thick chart. Chuck gives him a
text: big manic grin. Malcolm MacDowell in "A Clockwork Orange."
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: My favorite doctor. What's the verdict?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Under the circumstances your overall
dialog: health is good. Those salt water boils
dialog: you picked up on the raft are ulcerated,
dialog: but they're healing nicely.
text: He checks his blood work records.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Hemoglobin's 10.8 -- you're anemic,
dialog: that's why we're giving you iron.
dialog: Potassium's low -- we're giving you an
dialog: electrolyte solution with your IV.
dialog: Sodium's over 150, way too high. You may
dialog: experience swelling in your extremities
dialog: as you rehydrate and discharge the salt.
dialog: In spite of your dietary deficiencies
text: there's no sign of mental deterioration.
text: Chuck has been trying not to laugh. Now he can't stop
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: What's so funny.
text: Chuck can't seem to help laughing at everything.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Sorry...sorry... Why do my joints still
dialog: ache?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Dehydration. Vitamin deficiency.
dialog: Protein deficiency. Any or all of the
dialog: above.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: All I ate was fish. That's solid
dialog: protein.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Protein digestion is very costly in water
dialog: usage.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Which I didn't have.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: And fish are very low in fat, which is
dialog: energy inefficient. So you're going to
dialog: burn up your own cells no matter how much
dialog: you eat. Luckily you ate the eyes and
dialog: pancreas, which contain some Vitamin C,
dialog: so you didn't get scurvy.
text: Chuck laughs again.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I am one lucky guy.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Your body chemistry and your exposure to
dialog: the elements would normally lead to
dialog: irritability, depression, anxiety,
text: periods of self-reproach. It's almost
dialog: like schizophrenia. Different sides of
dialog: your personality might come to life,
dialog: speak out, act out.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: But all that's behind me. I'm fine now.
text: He starts to laugh again.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: If you say you are.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I most definitely say I am.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Doctor Hegel tells me he discussed the
dialog: Vietnam POW syndrome with you.
text: Chuck stifles his laughter.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Yes, yes he did.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: You are aware of the potential
dialog: disruptiveness on your loved ones when
dialog: you return to your old life?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Not to mention on me.
text: The laughter again. Unsettling.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: You sure you don't want some counseling?
text: Chuck gives his biggest smile.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Doc, I'm not on the island. I'm not on
dialog: the raft. I'm alive. I'm so glad to be
dialog: back, I can't tell you. I just want out
dialog: of here.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Well, when that IV runs out, you're
dialog: through with us. Just the dentist
dialog: tomorrow.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - NIGHT - LATER
text: Rolling his IV, Chuck walks very slowly out of the ward.
dialog: Every step is an effort.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE CUBICLE - NIGHT - MINUTES LATER
text: A small windowless room with only a desk and a phone, lit by
text: a fluorescent lamp. Chuck is listening to the phone ring.
text: Kelly answers.
speaker_heading: KELLY (V.O.)
dialog: Hello.
text: Chuck is overcome for a moment, can't say a word.
speaker_heading: KELLY (V.O.)
dialog: Hello? Hello?
text: For some reason he can't keep himself from laughing. He
text: covers the mouthpiece and laughs.
text: And then we hear a dial tone, harsh, mechanical, final.
scene_heading: EXT. PHONE CUBICLE - MINUTES LATER
text: We can see Chuck inside, staring at the phone.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE CUBICLE - MINUTES LATER
text: We hear a faint persistent hum. Chuck looks around, trying
text: to locate the sound. He looks up, focuses on the fluorescent
text: light, that background sound he can no longer tune out, then
text: picks up the phone again.
scene_heading: EXT. PHONE CUBICLE
text: Stan answers the phone.
speaker_heading: STAN (V.O.)
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Stan, it's Chuck...Chuck Noland...
text: The laughter again.
speaker_heading: STAN (V.O.)
dialog: Whoever you are, you are one sick fucker.
text: And again we hear the dial tone.
scene_heading: INT. PHONE CUBICLE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck's on the phone again.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Two Valium and the Rolling Stones. That
dialog: ring a bell?
text: There's a long silence. Then we hear Stan's voice.
speaker_heading: STAN (V.O.)
dialog: God damn! God damn! Chuck, it's you!
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: It's me.
speaker_heading: STAN (V.O.)
dialog: You're fucking dead!
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I'm most definitely not dead. And as I
dialog: recall, you're the sick fucker.
text: Chuck begins to laugh, a little too loud, a little too
text: shrill. He's on a high.
scene_heading: EXT. HAWAII - BEACH RESTAURANT
text: A terrace by the ocean. Tables filled with diners. Food
text: being delivered by waiters. So simple, eating. So taken for
dialog: granted.
text: At one table sits Chuck, dressed in a Hawaiian shirt and
text: shorts, with a half-dozen plates in front of him. He
dialog: gestures to the waiter. Bring me more. It all tastes so
dialog: damned good.
text: Behind him is the ocean. Chuck doesn't glance at it.
scene_heading: INT. DENTIST - NEXT DAY
text: An attractive DENTAL TECHNICIAN with an Australian accent
text: cleans Chuck's teeth with an ultrasound device. She's close,
text: very close. Chuck looks up at her. She looks really good.
text: She smiles at him, then touches the gap where he knocked out
dialog: his tooth.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: You sure you don't want to have the
dialog: implant done here? We do quite good
dialog: work.
text: Chuck shakes his head: no. She scrapes behind his front
dialog: teeth.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Hmmm, you do have such a lot of tarter
text: behind these front incisors. A little
dialog: wider, please.
text: Chuck opens his mouth even further. The technician talks on
text: in the self-absorbed way dental technicians sometimes do,
text: that constant babble of human contact which Chuck has not
dialog: heard for four years.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Anyway, so the second prosthetic foot
dialog: worked better, but he still couldn't
dialog: drive his new Cortina, it being a
dialog: standard shift, if you follow me.
dialog: Chuck nods. I follow you.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: But would he hear of me driving him
dialog: around? Not on your bloody life. Rinse
dialog: please.
text: Chuck does. Stan bursts into the room.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Chuck! God damn!
text: Chuck struggles out of the chair.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: God damn. God damn. God damn.
text: They are both almost overcome. Stan holds Chuck by the
text: shoulders and looks at him.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: You're alive, you're fucking alive!
text: Chuck laughs, thrilled to see Stan.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I beat the odds!
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: You beat 'em to shit, pal! Jesus!
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: I still need to floss you.
text: Stan notices the technician.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
text: This is Amber. Her boyfriend lost his
text: foot in a shark attack.
text: He says this with an absolute straight face, holding back the
text: laughter with great effort. Instantly there's this
text: connection again between him and Stan.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Ex-boyfriend.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Really.
text: And he and Chuck make eye contact and we see a glimpse of
text: their shared unspoken irony.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Uh, there's somebody out here who wants
dialog: to see you.
text: Chuck stares sharply at him. Kelly? Stan nods, but there's
text: something he wants to say.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: She thought you were dead. We all did.
text: That's not all Stan wants to say. But Chuck is limping out
text: the door.
scene_heading: INT. DENTIST - WAITING ROOM
text: Typical dentist waiting room. Chairs, tropical fish tanks,
text: magazines, a few waiting patients...and Kelly, looking
dialog: nervous.
text: Slowly and painfully Chuck enters. He's quite a sight. She
text: stands up. There's a long moment where they look at each
dialog: other.
text: Then she comes into his arms. Holds him tight. She's part
text: laughing, part crying.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I'm sorry... I'm sorry...
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Hey...hey...it's okay!
text: Chuck is happy, he's still riding the high.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You're so thin. Am I hurting you?
dialog: Well, maybe a little, but who cares? He hasn't been hugged
dialog: or barely touched in so long.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: No...no...feels good...
text: She disengages, looks at him with that old smile.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Right back, you said you'd be right back.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
text: A few things came up. Or went down.
text: He meets her gaze, looks her over with a smile.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You look...wonderful. I like your hair.
text: He notices the ring on her hand.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I got married.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I thought you might have.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I would never --
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: If I'd known you were alive --
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I would have done the same thing.
text: His responses come so quick. Chuck seems blissfully sure of
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I didn't want to. It just happened. One
dialog: day Gary was there. He took care of
dialog: everything. He took care of me. I was a
dialog: mess.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You have any children?
text: Kelly nods.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Got a picture?
text: Kelly fishes for a photo, shows it to Chuck. It's a little
text: girl with a dog.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Her name's Hannah.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Is that Jango?
speaker_heading: KELLY
text: No, this is Jack. Jango was hit by a UPS
dialog: truck. Can you believe it?
text: Chuck laughs. It is funny, sort of.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Life's just one big joke after another.
text: Stan appears, takes in the scene. The few patients waiting
text: are edged into the corners, trying to look occupied with
dialog: something else.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: How about we go somewhere else?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Want to see my raft?
scene_heading: EXT. HAWAII - DAY
text: Chuck's raft sits up on a dock. Kelly stands staring at it.
text: How small and fragile it looks.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: This stinks really bad.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You should have smelled me.
text: Stan examines the ropes around the logs.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Cool ropes.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I braided them.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Must have taken a hell of a long time.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Time I had lots of.
text: Kelly points at something on the raft.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: That's my sea anchor. My second one.
dialog: Made it out of part of the sail. It
dialog: keeps you from capsizing in a storm. In
dialog: theory.
dialog: (picks up his still)
dialog: And this, this I used to collect water.
text: About half a cup a day.
text: He's not feeling sorry for himself. It's just a fact.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: You were how long on this?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
text: Forty-three days.
text: They look at the tiny raft. It speaks for itself.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: All that time I waited to go on a cruise,
dialog: and you went without me.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Yeah, well...couldn't be helped.
text: Kelly notices the sail, sees the writing on it.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: What's that, written on the sail?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: My epitaph.
text: Kelly reads it to herself. Her eyes are moist.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Bad body chemistry. Made me a little
dialog: morbid. But I'm all over that now.
text: And he seems really to believe it.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: I'll be at the car.
dialog: (to Kelly)
dialog: Take you to the airport.
text: And he leaves.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I buried you, Chuck. They had to pry my
dialog: fingers off your coffin.
dialog: This interests Chuck to no end.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: There was a coffin?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Yeah, coffin, headstone, the whole thing.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What was inside?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Your calendar, your cell phone, your whoo
dialog: pig sooey hat, some pictures of that
dialog: ketch you wanted.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: That about sums it up.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Maybe now's when you tell me about it.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: The plane went down. My friends died. I
dialog: washed up on an island. Then I found
dialog: these barrels, built the raft, and here I
dialog: am.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: The tide came in, the tide went out. I
dialog: survived. That's the headline. I
dialog: survived.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: Don't overwhelm me with the details.
dialog: (she smiles remembering)
dialog: You know how I hate that.
text: He tries to put it into words, isn't quite sure how.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Come on. Try.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Cliches, mainly. Don't take anyone for
dialog: granted. Don't sweat the small stuff.
dialog: Live each day like it's your last.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: So simple to say, so hard to do.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Not when you have no choice.
text: Kelly looks down at the raft. It's so small.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You hated being alone. Couldn't stand
dialog: it. Busy every minute. Always plugged
dialog: into something.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I didn't know what really being alone
dialog: was. No one back here does.
text: He has something more to say. She waits.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: We're not meant to be alone. Not like
dialog: that. Share life, that's what came to me
dialog: out there. Be with someone.
dialog: And that's the point, isn't it? We are social animals. No
dialog: man is an island.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: This is so unfair.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: That's what I told the fish I caught.
dialog: But I ate them anyway.
text: And the laughter comes again. Kelly grins, embarrassed, a
dialog: little worried.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Great. Really.
text: She stares at his face, reaches out, touches it again, this
text: time with great tenderness.
text: He nods, her touch feels so good.
text: A wave of emotion comes over her: pity? love?
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: What will you do?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I don't know. I really don't know.
text: We hear a distant beep-beep, discrete as a car horn can be.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I've got to get back to Memphis.
text: Hannah's babysitter has finals.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: It means a lot...that you came.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I had to come. To be sure you were okay.
text: They hold each other. For a long time.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I love you, Chuck.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You too.
speaker_heading: KELLY
dialog: I'm so glad you're alive.
text: Chuck grins.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You too.
text: Then she heads for the waiting car. Chuck stands by his
text: raft, watching her go.
scene_heading: INT. FEDEX PLANE - NIGHT
text: Chuck and Stan ride on the plane. Chuck is coming down off
text: his survival high. He has the Angel Wing FedEx package with
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: When I first showed up, I thought you'd
dialog: lost your fucking marbles.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I never thought it would end. Then it
dialog: did. It was so great to be saved, I
dialog: couldn't stop laughing.
text: Stan pulls a flask out of his bag.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: You need a drink.
text: Stan takes two glasses from his bag, rests them on a FedEx
text: container, and pours the whiskey.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: For years my only drinking buddy was a
text: soccer ball. Wilson.
text: Stan hoists his glass.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: To Wilson.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: To Wilson.
dialog: Now's when Stan gets to the question he's been wanting to
dialog: ask, that Kelly wanted to know, that we all want to know.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: So, what's it all about?
text: Chuck stares at him.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: You've been over the line and you came
dialog: back. You've been saved, hallelujah!
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Hallelujah.
text: Stan looks over at him.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: I'm serious. The burning bush, the big
text: picture, the words in neon...
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What's it all about? It's about being so
dialog: thirsty you'd crush a fish's backbone to
dialog: suck out the spinal fluid -- that's what
dialog: it's about.
text: Stan sits back, repulsed but relieved.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Do what it takes. That's what I always
dialog: told you.
text: He pours another drink.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: To life. Fuck 'em if they can't take a
dialog: joke.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: To life.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: That's all there is.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Believe me I know.
text: He takes a sip of his drink, just savoring it, thinking.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: But it's not being bold or being in the
dialog: game or rolling the dice.
dialog: All those things Stan used to tell him.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: When I was going crazy, on the raft, I'd
dialog: argue with myself about everything.
dialog: Because everything had a price. To get
dialog: anything -- a sip of water, a little
dialog: corner of shade, an hour's sleep -- I had
dialog: to let go of something else. And then I
dialog: could never get it back.
text: He thinks some more.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You don't win or lose. You win and lose.
text: He looks out the window.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You win and lose.
dialog: And Chuck has. Big time.
scene_heading: EXT. MEMPHIS AIRPORT - NIGHT
text: A FedEx MD-11 lands.
scene_heading: EXT. MEMPHIS SUPERHUB - MOMENTS LATER
text: The MD-11 taxis up. As usual, the SuperHub is a frenzy of
text: activity. A loading crew stands ready, forklifts poised.
dialog: Even this plane carries packages.
text: PHIL STEELE, the chairman of FedEx, Leslie, Becca, Dick, and
text: other executives wait on a special podium near the gangway.
text: Everyone looks different -- older, a mustache here, a
text: thickening around the belly there.
text: Behind a barrier a cluster of cameras film the scene.
text: The plane cuts its engine. The stairs are rolled out.
text: Forklifts and gangways move forward. Cargo doors open.
text: Chuck appears in the door. He holds the FedEx Package and a
text: small travel bag.
text: Chuck blinks against the lights and the glare. Stan is right
text: by him. Everyone bursts into APPLAUSE AND CHEERING.
text: After four years of total solitude this is completely
dialog: overwhelming.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Smile.
text: Chuck smiles.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Wave.
text: And Chuck waves. He's overwhelmed by all the input. Stan
text: steers Chuck down the steps as the cheers continue.
text: At the bottom of the steps Roger steps forward. The two
text: brothers embrace each other. After a moment Roger
text: disengages. Mary gives Chuck a hug.
speaker_heading: MARY
dialog: Oh Chuck --
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Where's Mom?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Waiting for you. At the farm. This was
dialog: too much --
text: He looks around at the crowds.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Tell me about it.
text: Stan nudges Chuck. Time to go to the podium.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Glad you made it, big brother.
text: Stan and Chuck head for the podium. All the loaders and
text: operators and package scanners begin to applaud. Chuck
text: smiles, then laughs, getting into the emotion. He keeps up
text: an almost indecipherable babble underneath the cheering.
text: Occasionally he sees someone he knows.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Wow. Thank you. Great. Thank you.
dialog: Hey, Rasheed, how you doing? Thank you
dialog: all.
scene_heading: EXT. SUPERHUB - WIDE
text: Chuck makes his triumphant way through this amazing
text: collection of cheering people like Moses parting the Red Sea.
scene_heading: EXT. SUPERHUB - PLATFORM
text: With a big smile Phil Steele holds out his hand to Chuck.
speaker_heading: STEELE
dialog: Welcome home.
text: He steps to the microphone and addresses the SuperHub.
speaker_heading: STEELE
dialog: This is an extraordinary moment. And it
dialog: should be marked in an extraordinary way.
dialog: With something we have never done since
dialog: this company was founded.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Stop the line!
scene_heading: EXT. SUPERHUB - SERIES OF SHOTS
text: All over the SuperHub, belts come to a halt. Forklifts stop.
text: Tracking stations shut down. The vast flow of packages is
text: suddenly still. The incredible din of activity is suddenly
text: quiet. The stillness and the silence are unexpected and
text: palpable. Thousands of workers stop as well, staring either
text: up at Chuck directly or at his image on video screens. We
text: hear Phil's voice piped in.
scene_heading: EXT. SUPERHUB - PLATFORM
text: Phil holds a plaque.
speaker_heading: STEELE
dialog: Four years ago we placed this plaque in
dialog: honor of Charles Noland, and two just
dialog: like it in honor of Al Morris and John
dialog: Durham, the two brave pilots who went
text: down with him.
text: As he talks, we stay on Chuck, who is taking in this amazing
text: scene, not really listening.
speaker_heading: STEELE
dialog: Chuck endured years of hardship and
dialog: loneliness. Like Lazarus, Chuck has come
dialog: back from the dead. Chuck, this is your
dialog: family, all of us. So it gives me great
dialog: pleasure...to take this plaque...and to
dialog: present it to our long lost son. Welcome
dialog: home.
text: He hands the plaque to Chuck. Chuck acknowledges the cheers
dialog: of the crowd.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Thank you. Thank you very much...
text: Everyone applauds.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Give me a minute. I've spent four years
text: looking out at an empty ocean.
text: He laughs, a short brittle laugh, composes himself.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: It's all so -- big. You never think
dialog: you'll miss -- all this. But I did. I
dialog: really, really did. And I missed all of
dialog: you.
text: He looks over at the hub.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You've added some new belts, and what's
dialog: that?
text: He points at some high tech equipment on the edge of the
dialog: shed.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Digital laser readers.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Digital laser readers. Wow. Terrific.
text: He looks around at everyone, doesn't know what else to say.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I've never heard it this quiet.
dialog: Shouldn't you all be getting back to
dialog: work?
text: The tension is broken. Everyone laughs. Phil Steele motions
dialog: with his hand. Let it be done.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - WIDE
text: The vast, incredible machinery creaks to a start. Everyone
text: shakes Chuck's hand as he leaves the podium.
text: As he heads for the car, REPORTERS shout questions.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - MEMPHIS FREEWAY
text: We are assaulted by a surge of light, motion, activity.
text: Snaking lines of traffic in both directions, big overpasses,
text: the city rising beyond.
text: Stan drives with a certain aggressiveness. Chuck looks out
text: at the traffic, at all the activity, at the vast intricate
text: anthill of humanity going everywhere and nowhere.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Take your time.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: That's what it's about.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Being patient. Don't rush things. I get
dialog: it.
text: He swerves into another lane.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Not just that. Take your time. Use it.
dialog: Live it.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Deep, real deep.
text: He grins, cuts across to the exit.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: So where to? The office? The hotel?
dialog: The beach?
dialog: Chuck stares at him. Are you kidding?
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: What, then?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Deliver this package. Then, I dunno.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: (re: the package)
dialog: You want that delivered, we'll deliver
dialog: it. That's what we do.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I need to do it.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: Finish what you started. You haven't
dialog: changed, Chuck. It's still you.
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: You want to help, help me find the woman
dialog: who sent this.
scene_heading: INT. OPERATIONS CENTER - DAY
text: Stan and Chuck are in the office of a TECHNICIAN who is
text: working away at his computer. The Technician pulls the bar
text: code from the Angel Wing FedEx box up on his computer screen.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Okay. After three years the PTR reverts
dialog: to tape storage, which is okay because we
dialog: access it through the CPC. Here it is.
dialog: (gestures at computer map)
text: Ten packages from the same sender. Baku.
dialog: Delhi. St. Petersburg. The guy was a
dialog: real road warrior. This package was
dialog: Kuala Lampur. No activity in his account
dialog: after this package. No forwarding
dialog: addresses after K.L.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: What about the sender?
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Sure. Bettina Peterson. Marfa, Texas.
dialog: Let's run a current check.
text: He works some keys, waits.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Hmmm. Durango, Colorado; Asheville,
dialog: North Carolina, then...canceled her
dialog: account.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Can you find her?
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: You're looking at a Level III search.
dialog: For your Level III, you gotta have E-4
dialog: authorization. I don't have it.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: I do.
text: He holds out a badge.
speaker_heading: TECHNICIAN
dialog: Okay, let's let it rip.
text: He starts to pull up the data.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Thanks. For everything.
speaker_heading: STAN
dialog: No sweat.
scene_heading: EXT. CHUCK'S MOTEL - THAT NIGHT
text: Chuck leaves the motel, the Angel Box under his arm. He ties
text: it into a pannier on the side of a bicycle.
scene_heading: EXT. MEMPHIS - CHICKASAW GARDENS - NIGHT
text: Chuck sneaks up to a craftsman cottage and stands by a tree
text: with a swing on it. Inside we see Kelly making dinner for
text: her husband, who plays with their daughter. For a moment
text: Chuck watches through the window, and we watch with him.
text: Then the dog begins to bark.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - NIGHT
text: Chuck walks through the cemetery late at night. He comes to
text: his gravestone, stares for a long moment at the inscription,
text: then takes out a spray can of paint and puts a HANDPRINT on
dialog: it.
text: He gets back on his bicycle and rides away.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY
text: Chuck rides his bicycle down a road leading into the South.
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY - DAY
text: Chuck negotiates an overpass crossing an Interstate Highway.
text: Headed in both directions, cars whoosh by beneath him.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DUSK - LATER
text: Chuck rides down a narrow road, shrouded in mist. Moss drips
text: from the trees reaching over the road. A car goes by. Then
text: another, their lights like halos in the fog. It's a mystical
text: scene, a passage.
scene_heading: EXT. ARKANSAS - NIGHT
text: Chuck gets off his bicycle in the rain and walks toward a
text: roadside cafe.
scene_heading: INT. CAFE - NIGHT
text: Chuck draws on a paper place mat as he waits for his meal at
text: a counter. Above the counter the television plays.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: And here's more from Dingo Dodd, our
dialog: Australian correspondent, on the
dialog: extraordinary story of Chuck Noland, the
dialog: modern Robinson Crusoe.
text: The waitress sets a plate down in front of Chuck, turns to
dialog: watch.
text: On the TV we see an Australian correspondent standing on
dialog: Chuck's beach.
speaker_heading: DINGO DODD
text: Shark infested waters! A deserted
dialog: island! Surrounded by reefs! Accessible
dialog: only by helicopter! For four years Chuck
dialog: Noland survived here alone, eating fish,
text: coconuts and clams, his only companion a
text: soccer ball.
text: Chuck is staring at the screen, seeing his cave, seeing all
dialog: those years.
speaker_heading: DINGO DODD
text: I'm now in Chuck's cave where he passed
text: the lonely nights, painting on the walls
dialog: like some prehistoric caveman. What did
dialog: Chuck feel? These paintings tell the
dialog: story, but only Chuck knows what they
text: mean. And he's not talking.
text: On the screen we see a photograph of Chuck.
text: The waitress looks over at Chuck. The other clients look at
dialog: him too.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Check, please.
text: The waitress comes over.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: No charge, honey. But could you just
dialog: sign that place mat for me?
text: Chuck looks down at his doodling. Hesitates. Then signs his
dialog: name.
scene_heading: INT. TYSON'S CHICKEN - ARKANSAS - DAY
text: Thousands of chicken carcasses hanging on hooks circle
text: through the huge processing plant, a vast structure on the
text: scale of the SuperHub or the Hospital.
text: Chuck's Mom, dressed in white with a hairnet, enters a
text: windowed office in the b.g. Through the window we see her
dialog: hug Chuck.
scene_heading: INT. TYSON'S CHICKEN - OFFICE - ARKANSAS - DAY
text: We are in the office now. Chuck's Mom's eyes are moist.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: When'd you start working here?
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Roger got me on. I wasn't doing
dialog: anything, and -- but you're back, you're
dialog: really back. I would have come to
dialog: Memphis, but --
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I wanted to come here.
scene_heading: INT. FRAME HOUSE - ARKANSAS - DAY
text: Chuck eats a Southern fried drumstick. The table is full of
dialog: home-cooked food.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Have some more potato salad.
text: Chuck gestures, no, I'm full. She puts down the spoon.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: That was great, Mom, just great.
text: He looks around the house, everything in its place. His
dialog: mother has been here for forty years. There's a big crack
text: running down from the ceiling.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I've got all this back pay coming. Why
dialog: don't you let me get you a place in town?
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: This is my home. I'm part of the
text: wallpaper.
text: She studies him for a moment.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: You miss it, don't you? You miss that
dialog: island.
text: He does, but that's not it entirely.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Miss that island? Mom, come on.
text: She looks at him. She knows her boy.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: What a journey you've had. It seems more
dialog: than a person should have to bear.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: The tide saved me, Mom. I lived by it.
dialog: I'm just wondering where it will take me
dialog: next.
text: She looks at him, thinks about this.
speaker_heading: MOM
dialog: Remember the family motto. In time. It
dialog: will come to you, in time.
scene_heading: EXT. ARKANSAS - DAY
text: Chuck rides away from the small neat frame house, down a
text: country lane with trailers up on blocks.
scene_heading: EXT. GULF COAST - DAY
text: Chuck leaves a cheap motel as the sun comes up.
scene_heading: EXT. MISSISSIPPI GULF COAST - DAY - LATER
text: Chuck rides on a ferry, the wind blowing his face. The sky
text: is gray and drizzly. He smells the salt water. Watches the
dialog: waves.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - DAY
text: Chuck asks for directions. A kid in baggy pants and no shirt
text: points him down the road.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck pulls some clothes out of his saddle bags.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck emerges from the restroom wearing a FedEx shirt and
dialog: shorts.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH HOUSE - HOUR LATER
text: A classic beach house. Sand dunes, stilts. Carrying the
text: Angel Wing Box under his arm, Chuck checks the address in his
text: hand. Mounts the steps. A light mist falls. You can see
text: the Gulf behind the house, gray and moody.
text: A WOMAN, BETTINA, answers the door -- THE woman from the
text: beginning. She wears cut-off jeans and a blue work shirt
text: covered with paint. There's a tattoo on her ankle.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: FedEx for Bettina Peterson.
text: The woman stares in disbelief at the package she hasn't seen
dialog: in years and never expected to see again.
speaker_heading: BETTINA
dialog: Where did you get that?
text: Chuck displays a FedEx badge.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Charles Noland. FedEx Special Projects.
text: Bettina notices Chuck's bicycle.
speaker_heading: BETTINA
dialog: You came on a bicycle? No wonder it's so
dialog: late.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: There was an unavoidable delay.
text: Bettina stares at the package, her own memories coming back.
speaker_heading: BETTINA
dialog: Well, I have to say, I'm impressed. You
dialog: never gave up.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: No.
text: She holds the box and studies him for a long moment.
text: Something -- the look on his face, the extraordinary
text: reappearance of this long-lost package -- makes her curious.
speaker_heading: BETTINA
dialog: You know what happened to this?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: As much as anybody.
speaker_heading: BETTINA
dialog: Want to come in? Get dry for a minute.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Okay. Sure.
text: She lets Chuck in the door.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - DAY
text: Ladders. Scaffolds. Huge paintings are everywhere.
text: Paintings of wings and angels -- like the package. Chuck
text: stares at them. Bettina watches Chuck stare.
speaker_heading: BETTINA
dialog: I've got some coffee on. Would you like
dialog: some?
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - LATER
text: Bettina pours some coffee. The package sits in the counter.
text: Some magazines are spread around, including a People Magazine
text: with Chuck's photograph on the cover.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: (takes a sip)
dialog: It's good.
text: They smile awkwardly at each other. She starts to open it.
speaker_heading: BETTINA
dialog: Hmmm. Feels like it might have gotten
dialog: wet.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Possible. So you did those wings?
speaker_heading: BETTINA
dialog: Yeah. A long time ago.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: They're harder to do than they look.
speaker_heading: BETTINA
dialog: Oh? You've tried?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Well, I do a little drawing --
text: She's opened the package. She pulls out the bottles of salsa
dialog: and the letter.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Our apologies that it never made it to
dialog: the recipient.
speaker_heading: BETTINA
dialog: He was a sorry sonofabitch, and I'm sorry
dialog: I ever married him.
text: There is a moment where neither knows what to say.
speaker_heading: BETTINA
dialog: You look familiar.
text: Her eyes start to register recognition. She glances at the
text: magazine with Chuck's picture on it. She picks it up.
speaker_heading: BETTINA
dialog: I can't believe this. I -- I -- They
dialog: are... You're a gifted artist. You're
text: into something very powerful. Primal.
dialog: Truly.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Well, not really, I --
speaker_heading: BETTINA
dialog: You are. Yes you are.
dialog: (so many things she wants to
dialog: say)
dialog: What gave you the idea to paint on that
dialog: cave?
text: Chuck thinks about that. After a moment, he grins.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: To tell you the truth -- you did.
speaker_heading: BETTINA
dialog: Do you...have any more packages to
dialog: deliver?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: No. that was the last one.
speaker_heading: BETTINA
dialog: Just sit here, I'll get us some lunch.
text: Chuck sits back on the couch, taking in the sight of the
text: ocean in the light rain. He looks over at all the canvases,
text: the easel, the palettes. The wind rustles the palm trees
text: around the house. The surf crashes and rustles. Familiar
text: sounds. Island sounds.
text: He relaxes a little. Maybe the package with the wings was a
dialog: sign, he kept it all these years precisely for this. Then
text: there's a sound of a truck in the driveway.
text: The engine cuts off. There are steps on the porch. The door
text: opens. A tanned muscular MAN in neatly kept work clothes
text: comes in, hangs a tool belt on a hook by the door.
text: He looks at Chuck with a relaxed, even stare, as if seeing a
text: man in a FedEx uniform sitting on his couch is not an unusual
dialog: occurrence.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: BETTINA (O.S.)
dialog: In here!
text: The Man nods at Chuck, goes into the kitchen. We are on
text: Chuck's face. Who's this? We hear muffled laughter from
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH HOUSE - HOUR LATER
text: Arms around each other, the Man and the Woman say goodbye to
text: Chuck. In the front yard is a panel truck painted with two
text: angel wings. The Man grins at Chuck, an easy, friendly grin.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Come back anytime. Coffee's always on.
dialog: Don't even have to bring us a package.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: That was my last one.
text: Bettina hands Chuck a sheet of paper.
speaker_heading: BETTINA
dialog: The list of paints and brushes I did for
dialog: you.
text: He takes it, not exactly sure he wants it.
speaker_heading: BETTINA
dialog: Keep painting. Promise me.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Sure.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck rides his bicycle away, along the shore.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - MINUTES LATER
text: Chuck rides along the beach. Up ahead we see a FedEx truck.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck gets off his bike as a female FEDEX DRIVER puts chocks
text: under the wheels, which have stuck in the sand.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Need some help?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: You bet I do. High tide comes right up
dialog: to this road.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - MOMENTS LATER
text: Chuck pushes on the truck as the driver gives it gas. The
text: truck slowly pulls back onto the pavement.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - MOMENTS LATER
text: The Driver gets out of the truck with a grin. She has an
text: open, friendly face. There's an instant connection between
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Hey, thanks. I'd never have got that out
dialog: by myself.
text: Looks at his uniform. At the bike.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: You're not out of Pascagoula, are you?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: No.
dialog: Where is he from, anyway?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I used to drive one of those. A long
dialog: time ago.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Hey, once a driver, always a driver. You
dialog: want a lift? I've just got one more
dialog: pickup.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Sure.
text: He picks up his bike.
scene_heading: INT. FEDEX TRUCK - MOMENTS LATER
text: The FedEx truck makes its way down the beach, Chuck in his
text: uniform, the Driver in hers. Two FedEx people in a truck.
text: The Driver looks over at Chuck.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: You're Chuck Noland.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DRIVER/ERICA
dialog: I knew it! You're a legend! Mr.
dialog: Robinson Crusoe.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Well --
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I knew I recognized you. My name's
dialog: Erica.
text: They smile at each other. Then she smiles a little more.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Did you really steal a crippled kid's
dialog: bicycle to make your deliveries, or is
dialog: that just some bullshit story?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I didn't steal it, and he wasn't
dialog: crippled.
text: Erica laughs.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Otherwise it's completely true.
text: And that makes Chuck laugh, really laugh, for the first time.
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Yeah, completely.
text: She looks over at him with a grin.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: What brings you out to the sticks?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: Had a package to deliver.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You? Personally?
speaker_heading: CHUCK
dialog: I had it on the island with me.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Must be a story there.
text: There's a connection building here, effortlessly.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH - MOMENTS LATER
text: We are wide on the beach, watching the truck move along the
text: water, kicking up wisps of sand.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (V.O.)
dialog: Yeah, a long one.
speaker_heading: ERICA (V.O.)
dialog: I've got lots of time.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (V.O.)
dialog: So do I.
text: The truck goes down the beach and then turns inland, away
dialog: from the ocean. Away from all that.
speaker_heading: CHUCK (V.O.)
dialog: So do I.
text: And we pull back, taking in the sweep of the beach, the
text: estuaries, and the green forest stretching back into America.
text: The end is the beginning.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
