dialog: 
dialog: THE CAT PEOPE by DeWitt Bodeen
dialog: brought to you by The Val Lewton Screenplay Collection
speaker_heading: THE CAT PEOPLE
dialog: Original Screen Play
dialog: by DeWitt Bodeen
text: The RKO trademark FADES OFF, leaving a black screen, in the
text: center of which are two slits of pale light. These move
text: closer until we see that they are a pair of cat's eyes. Over
text: these mysteriously blinking lights the title is SUPERIMPOSED.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
text: A misty OUT-OF-FOCUS SHOT of a black panther pacing behind
text: cage bars. Over this come the production credits. A pale
text: fog rises over the shot of the black panther, and over it
dialog: Is SUPERIMPOSED the following quotation:
text: EVEN AS FOG CONTINUES TO LIE IN THE VALLEYS, SO DOES ANCIENT
text: SIN CLING TO THE LOW PLACES, THE DEPRESSIONS IN THE WORLD
scene_heading: CONSCIOUSNESS.
speaker_heading: SIGMUND FREUD
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO PROMENADE - PARK - AFTERNOON
text: As the last word of the quotation FADES from the screen, the
text: fog clears, the caged leopard comes into full focus, and we
text: see that it is an actual leopard behind actual bars. Over
text: the scene is the wheezy music of the Triumphal March from
text: "Aida," as played on a hand, organ. This is playing in the
text: distance, and we do not see the organ-grinder until later.
text: The CAMERA DRAWS BACK to show a young artist sitting before
text: the cage on a campstool with a drawing portfolio in her hand.
text: She is presumably sketching the panther, although her drawing
text: is not shown, and we do not see the features of the girl's
text: face. The girl picks up the drawing and holds it off,
text: weighing its values. It evidently does not meet with her
text: approval, for she wads the drawing Into a ball and turns to
text: look for a place to throw the waste paper. We see her face.
text: It is heart-shaped, demure, even a little naive. She is
text: small, young,and very beautiful. In one hand the wad of
text: waste paper is poised, ready to throw into a container.
text: INSERT WASTEPAPER BASKET as Irena sees it.
text: It is a rather fancy container in the shape of a tree
dialog: trunk.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (then continuing in the
dialog: same tone)
dialog: "Sometimes whoever seeks abroad
dialog: may find Thee sitting careless on
dialog: a granary floor, Thy hair soft
dialog: lifted...
text: (ponders, as if trying to
dialog: remember) Thy hair soft
dialog: lifted..."
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (snapping her compact
dialog: shut)
dialog: Reminds me. I have a date with the
dialog: hairdresser.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: What a way to spend a Saturday
dialog: afternoon!
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: The business girl's holiday
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: You should've minded your mother
dialog: and eaten more bread crusts. You'd
dialog: have curly hair now.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Thank you for lunch. See you at
dialog: the office Monday.
text: She starts off down the promenade. She walks briskly in one
text: direction, while Oliver turns the other way, ambling toward
text: the leopard cage. Along the promenade a file of Saturday
text: afternoon idlers goes by. Oliver moves up to the cages and
text: pauses at the guard rail before the leopard cage. Near him
text: sits Irena, busily sketching. Oliver looks at her, but she
text: does not look up at him. She gets up and moves a few steps,
text: her eyes intent on the movements of the panther, which is
text: walking about In its cage. Oliver politely steps aside so
text: that she can get a better vantage point. She does not even
text: notice him. She frowns at her drawing, wads the paper into a
text: ball, and turns to throw it into the container. Oliver steps
text: before her, smiling and extending his hand. She looks at him
text: a moment, then smiles and drops the wad of paper into his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Thank you.
text: With an easy aim, Oliver tosses it neatly into the container
text: and turns to her with a shrug, as if to say how easy it was.
text: But Irena has picked up another drawing upon which she has
text: worked and is now studying it. The music of the organ-grinder
text: grows constantly louder as the scene progresses.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: You won't believe this, and
dialog: you've probably heard it a dozen
dialog: times before...but I've never
dialog: known any artists.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: I'm not an artist, really... not a
dialog: real artist...just a sketch artist
dialog: for fashion drawings.
text: She has picked up the drawing and is holding it in her hand
text: with its back toward Oliver, who extends his hand.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: May I see it?
text: Irena smiles but shakes her head as she tears the drawing
text: about two-thirds of the way through, dropping it face down
text: upon the pavement.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Oh, no. It's not good. If I let you
dialog: see it, you might not want to know
dialog: any artists...ever.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (SMILING AT HER)
dialog: I'm afraid it would have to be
dialog: pretty bad to do that. Besides,
dialog: look... (pointing to a drawing she
text: had dropped, quoting in a mocking
dialog: tone)
dialog: "Let no one say, and say it to
dialog: your shame..."
text: Irena laughs and starts to pick up the paper, but a gust of
text: wind blows it down the promenade. She turns to Oliver and
text: shrugs her shoulders. She starts to fold up her campstool.
text: Oliver comes forward to offer his assistance. At the same
text: time the organ-grinder passes between them and the camera,
text: playing "Aida" on his hand organ. Oliver asks Irena if he may
text: help her, but the music is so loud she cannot hear him. He
text: assists Irena in gathering up her things. He takes the
text: campstool, and Irena carries her artist's portfolio. They
text: start toward the avenue together.
text: CLOSE SHOT of the torn drawing as a little wind, carrying
text: with it some autumn leaves, picks up the paper again and
text: blows it over and over up the promenade. The torn half of
text: the drawing falls over into place, so we see what Irena had
text: been drawing. It is a smart fashion sketch of the type seen
text: in Vogue or Harper's Bazaar, but the face of the model is the
text: blunt mask of a black panther, and the hands protruding from
text: the sleeves are tipped with feline talons. The CAMERA HOLDS
text: on the drawing.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - AFTERNOON
text: TWO SHOT of Irena and Oliver as they walk down a side street.
text: Irena is looking straight ahead of her, amused. Oliver is
text: doing his best to get acquainted.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Irena Dubrovna -- is that a Russian
dialog: name?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: No...I am from Serbia.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I see. Would you mind spelling it?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: You want to know how to spell my
dialog: name? Are you going to write me a
dialog: letter?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I'd like to write you a letter.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: What about?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I would say in this letter... "Dear
dialog: Miss...Dubrovna," I would say,
dialog: "will you have tea with me?"
text: Irena shakes her head with a little smile. Oliver is
text: undaunted.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Well, in that case, I'd just have
dialog: to write you another letter, I'd
dialog: say...
text: But again, with the same teasing smile, she shakes her
text: head. She suddenly stops and TURNS to Oliver.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Here is my house.
text: Oliver starts to give her the campstool he is carrying, She
text: lays a soft, gloved hand on his coat sleeve and smiles
text: charmingly.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Perhaps, Mr. Reed, you would like
dialog: to have tea in my apartment.
text: Oliver looks at her quizzically, realizing that she had meant
dialog: to ask him all the time, that he needn't have tried so hard
text: to wangle a date. He grins.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Oh, Miss Dubrovna, you make life so
dialog: simple!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. GROUND FLOOR HALLWAY - IRENA'S APARTMENT HOUSE
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
text: MED. SHOT of Irena and Oliver as they enter the building
text: from the street. It is the ornate, elaborate interior of a
text: brownstone mansion converted into an apartment house. They
text: walk the few steps of the short hallway to the stairs.
text: Oliver looks at the enormous staircase.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (POINTING)
dialog: I never cease to marvel at what
text: lies behind a brownstone front.
text: They start up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE IRENA'S APARTMENT - AFTERNOON
text: MED. SHOT. Irena has inserted the key in the lock of her
text: door. She turns it, but before she opens the door, she looks
text: up at Oliver.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: But you looked at me in such a
dialog: funny way.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: I've never had anyone here. You're
dialog: the first friend I've met in
dialog: America. I know lots of people in
dialog: business...editors, secretaries,
dialog: other sketch artists...you know.
dialog: But you might be my first real
dialog: friend. That's why I looked at
dialog: you.
dialog: (pauses)
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: Thank you.
text: Irena swings the door wide open. Through the doorway a
text: little bit of the room can be seen. Prominently displayed
text: is an odd equestrian statuette.
text: It is the figure of a man in armor, carved out of gray
text: stone. The man wears a regal chaplet on his head and is
text: mounted on a magnificent horse. Around the base of the
text: statue is a circle of flames, while the rider holds high
text: above his head a sword upon which is impaled the figure of
text: a writhing cat. Irena takes a step into the room and stands
text: waiting for Oliver to follow her, then turns to look back
text: at him. He has become aware of the perfume in the room.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: Mm. Nice.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: That's Lalage.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Lalage?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: The perfume I use. I like it,
dialog: perhaps too well. Maybe I use too
dialog: much of it, living alone like this.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Oh, I like it all right. It's hard
dialog: to describe...not like
dialog: flowers...it's like something warm
dialog: and living.
text: As he goes on into the room, she closes the door.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - TWILIGHT
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT of statuette. The figure is silhouetted
text: against a window dim with twilight. As the CAMERA HOLDS on
text: the statuette, a light appears in a bay window across the
text: street, bringing the figures of horse, king, and cat into
text: dramatic focus. Over the shot we hear Irena's voice humming
dialog: "Berceuses du Chat" by Stravinsky.
text: The CAMERA PANS to show Irena and Oliver seated together on a
text: couch near the window. Because of the dim light in the room
text: they can barely be seen. Oliver is listening to her sing. She
text: ends her song, and they sit quietly for a moment. Suddenly,
text: as sometimes happens, there is a lull in the traffic outside.
text: In this momentary stillness, this stillness in which a great
text: city seems to catch its breath, Oliver hears the sound of
text: distant roaring, muffled and yet full of savage
text: reverberation.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (looking toward Irena)
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: It's the lions in the zoo. One can
dialog: hear them here often. Many people
dialog: in this building complain. The
text: roaring keeps them awake.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: And you don't mind it?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: No. To me it's the way the sound
dialog: of the sea is to others, natural
dialog: and soothing. I like it.
text: She looks out the window, then turns back to Oliver.
speaker_heading: IRENA (cont'd)
text: Some nights there is another sound.
text: The panther. It screams... like a
dialog: woman. I don't like that.
text: Oliver strikes a match to light his cigarette. He looks at
text: Irena's face in the dancing match light. She smiles at him.
speaker_heading: IRENA (cont'd)
dialog: I hadn't realized how dark it was
dialog: getting.
text: She rises and goes over to a lamp. She speaks in a sighing
dialog: breath of ecstasy.
speaker_heading: IRENA (cont'd)
dialog: I like the dark. It is friendly.
text: She turns on the lamp. Now, in the light, we see her
text: apartment — a nicely proportioned living room with a little
text: fireplace set under a neat Georgian mantel. Doors at either
text: end of the room lead off into small bedrooms. Behind a
text: fantastic three-part screen on which is painted the long,
text: sleek figure of a black leopard against a background of
text: jungle foliage, is concealed the two-burner stove, tiny sink,
text: and old-fashioned icebox which make up the kitchenette. In
text: the other corner, under the wide window, are a drawing board
text: and a desk, littered with crayons, brushes, bottles of
text: discolored water, and papers. On one side of the wall, in
text: neat frames, hang three of Grandville's amusing studies of
text: cats dressed as humans. Over the mantel hangs a beautiful
text: reproduction of Goya's sinister portrait of Don Manuel Osorio
text: do Zunlga and the cats. In front of Oliver, on the coffee
text: table, are the remnants of their tea. Irena comes down to
text: pick the tray up to take it into the kitchenette. Oliver
text: starts to help her, but she stops him.
speaker_heading: IRENA (cont'd)
dialog: No, no. Sit still, please.
text: She begins to dump the ash trays and collect the saucers and
text: cups. Oliver smokes contentedly. Irena carries the tray
text: behind the screen. Oliver snuffs out the cigarette and picks
text: the statue up, holding it for a moment in his hand.
speaker_heading: IRENA (cont'd)
text: (coming out from behind
dialog: screen; eagerly)
dialog: Are you admiring my statue?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (who does not like it at
dialog: all)
dialog: Not exactly. Who's it supposed to
dialog: be?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: King John.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: King John? The Magna Carta and
dialog: stuff?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Oh, no. King John of Serbia. He
dialog: was a fine king. He drove the
dialog: Mamelukes out of Serbia and freed
dialog: the people.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: But why have this around?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Perhaps you have in your room a
dialog: picture of George Washington or
dialog: Abraham Lincoln?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (still unconvinced)
dialog: Aren't there some better statues of
dialog: him -- some without that cat thing?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Yes. There are beautiful statues
dialog: of King John. There is one in
text: Belgrade, where his face shines
dialog: with goodness. But this statue
dialog: reminds me of my home, the little
dialog: village where I was born. This is
text: the statue that stands in the
dialog: square.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: But what does it mean? Why is he
dialog: spearing that cat?
text: Irena turns, her back to the fireplace mantel. In her hand
text: is the statue of King John. Above her, to one side, the three
text: cats in the Goya portrait glare from the shadowed background.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: It's not really a cat. It's
dialog: meant to represent the evil ways
dialog: into which my village once had
dialog: fallen. You see, the Mamelukes
dialog: came to Serbia long, long ago,
dialog: and they made the people slaves.
dialog: But my village was too little,
text: too far away in the mountains.
dialog: They left it alone. For five
dialog: hundred years my little village
dialog: was cut off from the Mother
dialog: Church. At first the people were
dialog: good and worshipped God in a true
dialog: Christian way. But, little by
dialog: little, the people changed. When
dialog: King John drove out the Mamelukes
dialog: and came to our village he found
dialog: dreadful things. The people bowed
dialog: down to Satan and said their
text: Masses to him. They had become
dialog: witches and were evil. King John
dialog: put some of them to the sword and
dialog: burned some of them in fires.
text: (pauses, drops her voice
dialog: a little)
dialog: But some --the wisest and the
dialog: most wicked -- escaped into the
dialog: mountains.
dialog: (looks at Oliver) )
dialog: Now, do you understand?
text: Oliver comes over beside her near the mantel.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I still don't see what it has to do
dialog: with you.
text: Irena looks down at the statue of King John. There is a
text: haunting look of memory in her eyes.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Those who escaped — the wicked ones
dialog: -- their legend haunts the village
dialog: where I was born. The past
dialog: remains...
text: She breaks off suddenly, conscious that she has spoken too
text: much and too frankly. A little ormolu clock on the mantel
text: strikes the hour. It is six. It is obvious that Irena
text: welcomes the interruption and she glances down at her own
text: wrist watch. Oliver takes the hint. He starts toward the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
text: (as he picks up his
dialog: things)
dialog: Boys who come to tea can't expect
dialog: to stay to dinner.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE IRENA'S APARTMENT & STAIRWAY - TWILIGHT
text: Irena has followed Oliver out and stands in the doorway
text: Oliver turns to look at her.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: When am I going to see you again?
dialog: Tomorrow?
text: Irena nods with a smile, Oliver continues to the head of the
text: stairs and turns back.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: What time tomorrow?
text: Irena shrugs her shoulders.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: Dinner?
text: Irena nods and smiles at him.
text: SHOT of stairway as Oliver comes down the stairs. He reaches
text: a landing, turns, and looks up, Irena is looking down at him
text: from the bannister. They both smile. He continues down the
text: stairs. At the very bottom he looks up again. Irena is still
text: standing watching him. He smiles up at her and exits.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. DRAFTING OFFICE - MORNING
dialog: WIDE VIEW. The Consolidated Ship and Barge Construction
text: Company has a handsome drafting office. Severe and modern,
text: it is nevertheless a room that immediately suggests
text: shipbuilding. A wide doorway opens in from the hall, in the
text: f.g. are three draftsmen's tables, glass-topped and lighted
text: from beneath. Behind them are several tables for other
text: workers. There are a number of rows of filing cabinets, and
text: at one side is a water cooler. The back wall of the office
text: is unadorned, wide, and slightly curving. At the moment, a
text: group of office workers are just starting to paste up the
text: sectional plans of a ship, entitled "PROJECT NO. 457," on
text: this wall. The ship's bow can be seen taking form in
dialog: detailed constructional profile.
text: Two of the three draftsmen's tables in the f.g. are now
text: occupied. Oliver sits working at one of them.
text: The center one is unoccupied. At the other one, a tall,
text: lean Englishman works. This is James Carver. At the back
text: wall, Alice Moore is supervising two workers, who are doing
text: the actual pasting. She holds in her hands a small sheet of
dialog: paper with the detailed mathematical measurements of the
dialog: project,
text: Beside her, Commodore Judson, head of the Consolidated Ship
text: and Barge Construction Company, stands watching the beginning
text: of the project with genuine delight. He is a bald, bearded
text: gentleman and would look like an amiable tramp rather than
dialog: the head of a successful shipbuilding company, if it were not
text: for the seamanlike neatness of his clothes.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (motioning to one of the
dialog: men at the wall)
text: A little more to the left, Harry.
dialog: Easy...just a hair...
text: She lifts her hand to indicate that it's in position.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: By George! This is going to bo
dialog: our best yet. Wait till she rides
dialog: into Tokyo Bay.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: She's got what it takes all right,
dialog: Commodore.
text: Alice turns and goes to the desk between Oliver and Jim
text: Carver. She picks up a sheet of paper from the desk and is
text: just about to return to the wall, when she is stopped by
text: the sound of a cat's mewing. She listens. The mew is
text: repeated. Carver raises his head and also listens. Alice
text: takes a look at the floor under and around her desk,
text: Oliver is still bending over his work, Alice looks
text: suspiciously and questioningly at Carver, Carver replies by
text: throwing his hands out to show that he doesn't know,and
text: then pointing to himself and shaking his head to announce
text: that the mew is not coming from him. The mewing continues
dialog: during this, which is one reason Carver and Alice do not
text: speak. They are listening. Alice and Carver both turn and
dialog: look at Oliver, He knows very well that they are looking at
text: him, and his pose is one of elaborate innocence. There is a
text: light cardboard box on his desk.
text: The CAMERA FOCUSES on it as the lid of the box rises, and
text: the head of a very small Siamese kitten pokes out, Alice
text: hurries to Oliver's desk, uttering a cross between a coo
text: and a cry of pleased surprise.
speaker_heading: ALICE (cont'd)
dialog: A-a-ah!
text: She picks up the kitten and cuddles it against her cheek.
speaker_heading: ALICE (cont'd)
dialog: It's a darling! Where'd you got
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Bought it.
text: The Commodore has joined them.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: You're not going to start keeping
dialog: cats, are you?
dialog: (scratching kitten's head)
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: No, Commodore, I just got it for a
dialog: friend.
speaker_heading: CARVER
text: We arrive at the inescapable
dialog: conclusion that our Oliver
dialog: (he is addressing the
dialog: assembled multitude)
dialog: has a girl.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: A brilliant deduction.
text: He takes Carver's arm and draws him away/
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: A girl friend?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (almost as if correcting her)
text: A girl.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Anybody I know?
text: Oliver takes the kitten and puts it back into the box. It
text: makes vain efforts to scramble out past his restraining
dialog: hand,
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Not yet, but I know you'll like
dialog: her.
text: Alice watches him try to got the cover of the box over the
text: protesting kitten.
speaker_heading: ALICE (SPEAKING LIGHTLY)
dialog: If you like her, she's okay with
dialog: me.
text: CAMERA PANS DOWN to CLOSE SHOT of kitten, and as the lid of
dialog: the box hides It from view, we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE IRENA'S APARTMENT - NOON
text: MED. SHOT. Oliver, with the boxed kitten under one arm, is
text: ringing the bell to Irena's apartment. After a moment, she
text: opens the door. She is wearing a paint-stained smock and has
text: obviously boon interrupted in her work. She smiles at Oliver,
text: and he bends down to put the box on the floor.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Look, Irena. I brought you a
dialog: present.
text: He takes the kitten out of the box and sets it on the floor.
text: Irena stoops down beside it. Seeing her, the kitten draws
text: back, arching itself. Oliver, puzzled, looks from the cat to
text: Irena. She leans forward, smiling, trying to coax the kitten
text: to come to her. The kitten snarls and spits viciously at her.
text: Oliver scoops it up in his hands.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: Why, you little devil!
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (as she rises to her feet)
dialog: It's all right. It's just that
dialog: cats don't seem to like me.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: But this is only a kitten. It's
dialog: very friendly. When I had it in the
dialog: office, Alice — the girl who works
dialog: in our department — it played with
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (smiling uncomfortably)
dialog: Cats just don't like me.
text: Oliver has stuffed the kitten back into its box and put the
text: lid over it. He is obviously disappointed. Irena puts her
text: hand on Oliver's arm.
speaker_heading: IRENA (cont'd)
dialog: (Brightly)
dialog: I know what we can do. You got it
dialog: at a pet store, didn't you?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Good. We could exchange it for some
dialog: other pet?
text: She looks up at him. He nods.
speaker_heading: IRENA (cont'd)
dialog: I'll get my hat and coat.
text: She turns to go back into the apartment for her coat and hat.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. PET STORE - DAY
text: All is tranquil in Miss Plunkett's Pet Shoppe. Outside it
text: is raining, a soft autumn rain. Miss Plunkett sits nodding.
text: Most of the birds and animals are sleeping. Above Miss
text: Plunkett, in a circular stand, a brilliant macaw swings. It
text: looks very much like Miss Plunkett, and, like her, is
text: peacefully nodding in sleep. A little bell tinkles, and
text: there is the sound of the door opening and closing. Miss
text: Plunkett sleeps right on. We see that Irena and Oliver have
text: entered the shop. Immediately there is a transformation.
text: The birds begin to call back and forth to one another,
text: their calls growing excited, shrill. The monkeys, awakened,
text: clamber excitedly in their cages, whimpering and chattering
text: madly. The puppies begin to bark, the cats to meow. In a
text: moment the sound has grown to sheer cacophony. The macaw,
text: too, has awakened, and is screeching its head off. Miss
text: Plunkett snaps out of her stolen rest and looks about her,
text: blinking curiously. Her lips form the words of amazement,
dialog: "Landie, dearie me!" but there is so much noise now that
text: nothing she says can be heard. She looks up to see what
dialog: may have startled the animals into such noisy activity;
text: MED. SHOT of Irena and Oliver, as they stand, perplexed by
text: all the commotion. Oliver is closing an umbrella. Miss
text: Plunkett comes into the scene. She tries to yell to the
text: animals to bo quiet. The noise is too much for her. Oliver
text: tries to explain to Miss Plunkett that he wants to exchange
text: the kitten, which he holds in the box in his hands, for a
text: canary, but he cannot make himself heard. She only shakes
text: her head and tries to say something at which Oliver shakes
text: his head. Irena touches Oliver's arm, indicating that it
text: might bo better to go outside. Oliver points outdoors to
text: Miss Plunkett. She nods and follows them out onto the
dialog: street.
scene_heading: EXT. PET STORE - DAY
text: MED. SHOT. The three emerge from the store, Miss Plunkett
text: closing the door behind her. All three stand under the
text: umbrella. In the loud, shrieking voice she has been using,
text: Miss Plunkett starts to speak.
speaker_heading: MISS PLUNKETT
dialog: I can't imagine...
text: She realizes she doesn't have to talk so loudly now, and,
text: with an embarrassed laugh, begins again in her natural voice.
speaker_heading: MISS PLUNKETT (cont'd)
dialog: Landie, dearie me! I can't
dialog: imagine what got into them... all
dialog: that caterwauling. The last time
dialog: they did that was when an alley
dialog: cat got in and ate up one of my
dialog: nice rice finches.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: All I want is to exchange this
dialog: kitten for a bird.
speaker_heading: MISS PLUNKETT
dialog: Why, of course. I have some lovely
text: canaries. One little lemon-colored
text: follow with top notes like Caruso.
text: She opens the door cautiously and peeks in, turning back to
text: them with a pleased expression
speaker_heading: MISS PLUNKETT (cont'd)
dialog: As peaceful as my dream of
dialog: heaven! Shall we go back now and
dialog: select just which little birdie?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (to Oliver)
dialog: You go, please, Oliver. Pick the
dialog: one you like. It's so hot and
dialog: stifling in there. I'd rather stay
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (handing Irena the
dialog: umbrella)
dialog: Of course. I'll only bo a minute.
scene_heading: INT. PET STORE - DAY
text: Oliver and Miss Plunkett return inside the shop, Miss
text: Plunkett talking all the while.
speaker_heading: MISS PLUNKETT
dialog: Animals are ever so psychic. There
dialog: are some people who just can't come
dialog: in hero. My dear brother's wife,
dialog: for instance; she's a very nice
dialog: girl...I've nothing against
dialog: her...but you should just see what
text: happens when she puts her foot
dialog: inside this place.
dialog: The cats particularly. They seem to
dialog: know. You can fool everybody, but
dialog: landie, dearie me, you can't fool a
dialog: cat. In some ways they seem to know
dialog: who's not right — if you know what
dialog: I mean.
dialog: (she has the bird in her
text: hand and holds it up
dialog: with pleasure)
dialog: Here we are! Isn't he a ducky
dialog: little angel!
text: Oliver takes the bird and holds it up for Irena to see.
text: Irena, standing outside the window, looking in, nods her
text: head eagerly. Oliver turns back to Miss Plunkett
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: This is it.
scene_heading: EXT. PET STORE - DAY
text: MED. SHOT of Irena. The little bell tinkles over the door as
text: Oliver comes out with the bird in a small wooden cage. He
text: comes over to Irena. She exchanges the umbrella for the bird
dialog: cage.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (giving her the cage)
dialog: What do you think of it?
text: Irena holds the cage up before her eyes, tenderly to the
dialog: bird.
dialog: She coos.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Ah, he is sweet!
text: (turns and smiles up at Oliver)
dialog: He will like me very much. You
dialog: will see. I like to be liked.
text: Oliver takes her by the arm and smiles at her.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: That ought to be easy. Really easy.
text: They start away together up the street, under the umbrella,
dialog: smiling at one another, as we
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. DRAFTING OFFICE - DAY
text: MED. SHOT. In the b.g. the ship plans on the wall can be
text: seen. They are complete now as far back as the flying bridge.
text: Obviously some time has elapsed.
text: Oliver and Alice are sitting back to back, both of them doing
text: particularly exacting pieces of mathematical measuring.
dialog: Oliver raises up to call out:
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Slide rule.
text: Alice makes no motion. He turns to her more definitely,
text: calling out again, louder this time:
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT'D) (cont'd)
dialog: Let me borrow your slide rule, will
dialog: you?
text: But Alice is in the midst of a difficult problem, and she
text: goes on with it. Oliver turns around to her, places one arm
text: around her, and whispers in her ear after the fashion of
dialog: Charles Boyer.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT'D) (cont'd)
dialog: Mademoiselle, you are so beautiful
dialog: - so charming. So gracious a lady
dialog: will surely pass me her slide rule,
dialog: no?
text: Alice succumbs. She looks up at him and gives him the slide
text: rule. Then she gulps.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: I have to wash the taste of that
dialog: out of my mouth.
text: She goes over to the water cooler. Oliver follows her,
text: Alice looks up to see Jim Carver approaching.
speaker_heading: ALICE (cont'd)
dialog: Look who's coming.
text: Oliver winks at her, Jim reaches the two at the water
text: cooler. Alice has a paper cup full of water in one hand.
text: She takes out a coin with the other hand.
speaker_heading: ALICE (cont'd)
dialog: Doc, I'll bet there's one thing you
dialog: can't do..
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (demonstrating with belt
dialog: on her dress)
dialog: I'll bet you a dollar you can't
dialog: hold a quarter on your forehead
dialog: like this, pull out your belt,
dialog: lower your head, and let the
dialog: quarter fall bingo into your
dialog: trousers.
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: (taking the quarter;
dialog: with confidence)
dialog: A mere matter of precision.
text: He balances the quarter on his forehead, throwing his head
text: back to do so. He holds out the front of his trousers. Oliver
text: takes a box of paper clips from a near-by desk and empties
text: them into Carver's trousers. They all laugh. Carver laughs
text: with them. At this moment the Commodore comes down from the
text: mezzanine. There is instant silence.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Who wants to go out on my boat
dialog: Sunday?
text: Everyone ad libs enthusiastic acceptance except Oliver.
text: Carver, forgetting the paper clips, joins in and moves a
text: little more than he should; a deluge of clips falls around
text: his ankles. The Commodore looks at him, then back to
dialog: Oliver.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE (cont'd)
dialog: Don't you want to go, Ollie?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: The fact is, sir, I've got an
dialog: engagement for Sunday.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Your boat seems to have
dialog: competition, Commodore.
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: You should meet the competition.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Have you met her, Doc?
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: I saw her one day with Ollie.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (looking at Oliver)
dialog: Ollie's always saying he'll take me
text: to see her, but he never does.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: As a matter of fact, Alice, I was
dialog: going to take you around next
dialog: Sunday, but since the Commodore...
speaker_heading: COMMODORE (QUICKLY)
dialog: I withdraw my invitation to you
dialog: two.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: We'll take a rain check, Commodore,
dialog: (looks at Oliver)
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: (turning to go)
dialog: I'll expect the rest of you.
text: He starts toward the door. Carver moves to get out of his
text: way. There is a veritable deluge of clips. The Commodore
text: looks down at the clips and then gives Carver a long and
text: searching glance.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE (cont'd)
dialog: I always wondered what held you
dialog: together, Carver.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Alice, Irena, and Oliver are walking Into the room. It is
text: obvious that Alice and Oliver have just arrived and been met
text: at the door by Irena. She has her free arm linked through
dialog: Alice's.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: I think, Alice, I shall like you
dialog: very much. We shall be good
dialog: friends, you and I.
text: Alice is a little embarrassed by Irena's warmth of manner.
text: She looks about the apartment.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Ollie tells me you like to draw
dialog: cats. I tried to draw a cat once --
text: looked more like a mouse.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Cats are harder to draw than the
dialog: human hand...a good cat portrait is
dialog: almost impossible. Look up
dialog: there...
dialog: (pointing to the mantel
dialog: picture)
dialog: Even Goya couldn't do it...not
dialog: really well. That's why I like
dialog: It...because it's hard.'
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (with a laugh)
dialog: Because it's hard? You're a glutton
dialog: for punishment.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: No, it's not just because it's
dialog: hard. In a way, I felt I had to
dialog: draw them. Didn't you draw
dialog: boats?
speaker_heading: ALICE (NODDING)
dialog: Sure. I spent half my study periods
text: drawing boats. The Marblehead
dialog: tomboy — that was me.. My poor
dialog: mother wept every time I brought
text: home a report card.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: And I drew cats. The other children
dialog: in my village had cats, and they
dialog: could hug them and play with them.
dialog: But cats don't like me. They won't
dialog: let me cuddle or caress them. So
dialog: instead of playing with them, I
dialog: drew them. They're the one subject
dialog: still too hard for me. You
dialog: understand, don't you?
text: Without waiting for an answer, she rises and picks up a sheaf
text: of drawings from nor desk. She spreads them out before
dialog: Alice.
speaker_heading: IRENA (CONT'D) (cont'd)
dialog: Look, Fashion drawings bore mo.
dialog: The only way I can do them is this
dialog: way.
text: Alice picks up one of the drawings and looks at it,
speaker_heading: IRENA (CONT'D) (cont'd)
dialog: Of course, when I got the gown the
dialog: way I want it, I rub out the cat's
text: face and sketch in a regular face.
text: Alice nods and puts the drawing back with the others. Oliver,
text: looking at Alice, is afraid that she has not been
text: sufficiently Impressed. He feels called upon to defend
dialog: Irena's work and to change the subject.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I think it's right clever. How
dialog: about my mixing a cocktail?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: I have them all mixed.
text: She hurries off behind the screen. Alice looks up at
text: Oliver, He is beaming with pride. She smiles at him,
text: holding up her finger, ring-joined, in a little gesture of
text: silent approval. The canary beings to sing. Alice rises
text: and goes over to the canary's cage. Oliver joins her beside
dialog: the cage.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: This is what the kitten turned
dialog: into.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Much easier for a working girl to
dialog: keep.
dialog: (as the bird hits an
dialog: especially high note)
dialog: Listen to her, will you? Little old
dialog: Jenny Lind herself.
text: The bird suddenly stops singing. Alice and Oliver look at
dialog: one another.
speaker_heading: IRENA'S VOICE
dialog: (coming over scene)
dialog: Was the bird singing?
dialog: They turn.
speaker_heading: ALICE
text: Yes. It gave out with an aria.
text: Irena comes toward them. She holds a small tray upon which
text: is a martini whirler, three glasses, and a small plateful of
text: hors d'oeuvres. She places the cocktail things upon a small
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: It's never sung before. This is
dialog: the first time.
text: She comes up to the cage, trying to coax the bird into song
text: with little cooing and whistling noises. The bird mopes on
text: its perch as far away from her as the cage will allow.
speaker_heading: IRENA (cont'd)
dialog: The naughty bird. For me he will
dialog: never sing.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Probably a prima donna.
text: Turning toward the coffee table, Irena speaks suddenly, as if
dialog: with a desire to change the subject.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Shall we have our martinis?
text: Oliver bends down, gets the glasses, and hands them around.
text: Just as they lift their glasses, the eerie scream of the
text: panther sounds. Oliver and Alice look up.
speaker_heading: IRENA (cont'd)
dialog: It's the panther --
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (lifting his glass)
dialog: Here's luck to all of us...May we
dialog: always be in better voice than
dialog: that.
text: MED. CLOSEUP of Alice. She is twirling the glass in her
text: fingers thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: To all of us.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. PANTHER CAGE - PARK - DAY
text: The panther is pacing behind the bars of its cage. It is a
text: windy day, one of the last days of fall. A gust of wind blows
text: a shower of dead leaves across the screen in front of the
dialog: cage.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: CLOSE SHOT of the panther screen, glowing In bright
text: firelight. Over this shot comes the melody of "Berceuses du
dialog: Chat."
text: CAMERA DRAWS BACK to Include CLOSE SHOT of Irena near the
text: phonograph as she turns down the music so that it Is only
text: background music. She is wearing an attractive hostess gown.
text: She goes over to the sofa where Oliver is stretched out and
text: sits beside him. Irena's fingers begin to stroke his brows
text: regularly. She smiles down at him.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Better now?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Much better. Those under-lit
dialog: tables we work at...we had to use
dialog: them all day today... they give a
dialog: man a rotten headache.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: What about Alice? Doesn't she mind
dialog: them?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I suppose so, but she never lets
dialog: anything bother her. She says the
dialog: best cure for anything is swimming.
text: (his voice begins to get
dialog: sleepy)
dialog: She only lives at that women's club
dialog: because there's a pool there.
text: Irena continues to caress his brow. His head sinks down into
text: the pillows. He closes his eyes. An outside sound distracts
text: Irena, and she looks up.
text: CLOSE SHOT of the window from Irena's viewpoint. It has
text: begun to rain, and a blast of wind has spangled the window
text: with raindrops.
text: CLOSE SHOT of Irena as she smiles contentedly and looks down
text: at Oliver. He has fallen asleep and is breathing easily. He
text: moves gently, and one hand extends over the edge of the sofa.
text: Irena lets herself slide from the sofa to the floor. She
text: nestles against the sofa, cuddles her cheek against the back
text: of Oliver's outstretched hand, and rubs her face back and
text: forth, almost like a cat that pets itself against its
text: master's hand. Her eyes look toward the dancing flames in
dialog: the fireplace.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: SHOT of the fire. The flames have burned down. There are
text: only glowing coals on the hearth. The room is almost dark.
text: The music has stopped.
text: The CAMERA MOVES from the fire to Irena, as she still sits on
text: the floor with her cheek against Oliver's hand, Oliver stirs
text: slightly and opens his eyes. Irena does not move. Oliver
text: looks at her.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
speaker_heading: Irena
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I've been asleep.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: It couldn't have been very
dialog: entertaining for you.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: I was watching you.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: And that was fun?
text: Irena makes a little purring murmur of assent. There is a
text: pause then Oliver speaks softly.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: Do you love me, Irena?
text: Again the little murmur of ascent.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: I thought so. And you know that I
dialog: love you, don't you?
text: Again the little, happy, thrilling murmur from the
text: darkness. Oliver puts his hand on her shoulder.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: I've never kissed you.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: You know, that's funny,
text: Irena withdraws gently from him and moves back a bit into
text: the shadows away from him.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: When people in America know each
dialog: other as well as we do — when
dialog: they're in love — or oven think
dialog: they're in love, they've usually
dialog: kissed long ago.
text: Irena slips further away from him into the shadows. He leans
text: toward her.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: Well...?
text: He can see only the dim outline of her shoulders, the white
text: blur of her face.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (suddenly taut,
text: anguished, as if the
dialog: words were being pulled
dialog: from her throat)
dialog: I love you, Oliver.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
text: (sitting up, alarmed by
dialog: her intensity)
dialog: For heaven's sake, Irena, what's
dialog: wrong?
text: Without answering, Irena suddenly lays her cheek against his
text: knee and beings to sob. Perplexed, Oliver looks down at her
text: and puts a hand on her head. She turns her head but does not
text: look at him. Her voice has a wild, strained quality, echoing
text: some strange agony.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: I've lived in dread of this moment,
dialog: Oliver. I've not wanted to love
dialog: you. I kept myself away from
dialog: people...I stayed alone...I never
dialog: wanted this to happen.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: But you just told me you loved me.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: I do. I do.
text: Oliver puts his hands under her elbows and tries to draw her
text: up to him.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Then there's only one thing to do.
dialog: Come up here and be kissed.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (withdrawing from his
dialog: hands)
dialog: No. I can't, Oliver, I've fled
dialog: from the past, from things
dialog: you could never know or
dialog: understand...evil things...
dialog: evil...
text: She breaks out again, sobbing. He looks down at her, worried.
text: Her sobs lessen, and Oliver begins to speak very quietly,
text: very calmly.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Irena, you've told me something
dialog: of the past...of King John, and
dialog: the witches in the village, and
dialog: the cat people who are descended
dialog: from them. Fairy tales, Irena,
dialog: fairy tales you heard in
dialog: childhood...nothing more than
dialog: that. They've nothing to do with
dialog: you, really.
dialog: You're Irena...you're here In
dialog: America...you're so normal you're
dialog: even in love with me...Oliver
dialog: Reed...a good, plain Americano.
text: He tries to raise her again, to kiss her, but she eludes him
text: and cuddles down by his feet, pressing her cheek against his
text: knee. She has stopped crying.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: Yes, you're so normal that you're
dialog: going to marry me, Irena, And
dialog: those fairy tales of yours, you
dialog: can tell them to our children...
dialog: for them...hundreds of kittens to
dialog: amuse them...
text: Irena utters a little murmur of happiness and delight.
text: Oliver bends over, and kisses her hair softly.. Over the
text: sound of the rain and wind comes the coughing roar of
text: lions in the park.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN
scene_heading: EXT. & INT. SERBIAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: The Belgrade, as seen through the plate glass window from
text: outside. It la snowing, the first light snow of the winter.
text: In the window on display are three calves' heads prepared in
dialog: Serbian fashion. They have been skinned. The eyes,
text: considered a great delicacy by gourmets, are wide open and
text: glisten like bullets. The heads are crowned with chaplets of
text: artificial flowers. In the b.g. we see the wedding party.
text: Seated around a table are Oliver, Irena, Alice, the
dialog: Commodore, Jim Carver, and some of the other people we have
text: seen on the office sequences. Irena is dressed in a light
text: suit and wears a bridal bouquet on her shoulder. She is
text: laughing a natural, happy laugh to contrast with the later
text: hysterical laugh. The proprietor of the restaurant has just
text: brought proudly to the table from the kitchen a large iron
text: kettle from which the steam of hot wine is rising.
text: The CAMERA TRUCKS THROUGH to the wedding party. A trio of
text: musicians, dressed in Balkan costume, is playing a Balkan
text: love song. Jim Carver, like everyone else in the party, has
text: been drinking, and is in a gay mood. As the proprietor
text: places the iron kettle on the table, Carver applauds.
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Ah! Comitaji!
text: The proprietor gives him a fierce look. Irena laughs
dialog: merrily.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Oh, Mr. Carver, you should
dialog: not call the good man that.
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: But it's Serbian. I got it from my
dialog: barber this afternoon.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: You might insult him. "Comitaji"
dialog: means bandit...robber...
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: Bless my soul!
text: Commodore Judson, seated next to Alice, is watching Irena.
text: He turns to find Alice's eyes on his.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Oliver's bride seems a very nice
dialog: girl...and very pretty too.
dialog: Carver tells me she's a bit odd.
dialog: He's a little worried about the
dialog: marriage.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (defensively)
dialog: Nonsense. Irena's a grand gir1.
dialog: She and Oliver are going to be very
dialog: happy together.
text: MED. CLOSE SHOT of a woman who is seated at a little table at
text: the far side of the restaurant. She is in evening dress, but
text: is dining alone. The woman looks like a cat. She has a
text: round, tabby face and a pompadour which somehow suggests the
text: roundness of a cat's head. The eyes, slanting, large, and
text: very light in color, fringed with sweeping lashes, are
text: completely feline. She turns these great, luminous eyes in
text: the direction of the wedding party and stares at the
dialog: festivities.
text: MED. SHOT of the wedding party. The Commodore rises, with
text: his glass in one hand.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: To the bride.
text: Everybody toasts Irena. Oliver looks down at her, proud and
dialog: happy.
text: CLOSEUP of the Cat Woman, as she looks straight at Irena.
text: MED. SHOT of the wedding party. As the Commodore is sitting
text: down, he sees the Cat Woman. He turns to Jim Carver.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE (cont'd)
dialog: Look at that woman. Isn't she
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: (glancing up)
text: Looks like a cat.
text: He turns back to his food.
text: MED. SHOT - the Cat Woman. Drawing-on her gloves, she rises
text: and crosses the room. As she reaches the wedding party and is
text: directly opposite Irena, she stops and stares at Irena.
text: MED. SHOT - the wedding party, holding her hand as she talks.
text: Irena is turned to Alice.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Thank you so much, Alice, for this
dialog: lovely party. I did not know there
dialog: was a Serbian restaurant.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Anything you want to know about
dialog: this city, ask me. I know all the
dialog: unimportant details.
text: Irena laughs, and turning around, looks up at the Cat Woman.
text: The smile fades from her face. She stares at the woman with
text: a kind of haunted fascination. The Cat Woman takes a step
text: closer, never removing her eyes from Irena. She smiles and
text: speaks. (Note: Irena's voice is to be dubbed in on the
dialog: sound track when the Cat Woman speaks.)
speaker_heading: CAT WOMAN
dialog: Moja sestra.
text: Irena blanches and shrinks, back into her chair. She makes
text: the sign of the Cross. The Cat Woman smiles and repeats the
dialog: words. (Note: Scene without sign of Cross to be made for
dialog: England.)
speaker_heading: CAT WOMAN (cont'd)
dialog: Moja sostra.
text: She turns and walks out back on a festive basis.
dialog: Alice tries to put the party
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: How do you like that?
text: WO SHOT - Oliver and Irena. Irena is looking white and
text: shaken. Oliver takes her hand.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: What did that woman say to you?
text: Irena looks up at him with frightened eyes,
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: What did she say, darling?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (slowly, seriously)
dialog: If this were any night but-my
dialog: wedding night...If you were any
dialog: man but my husband...I would not
dialog: tell you.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Wait a minute. It can't be that
dialog: serious...just one single word --
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (very seriously)
dialog: She greeted me...she called me
dialog: "sister."
text: (seizing his hands,
dialog: looking up at him)
dialog: You saw her, Oliver. You saw what
dialog: she looked like.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Oh, the cat people ... she's one of
text: the cat people. She looks like a
dialog: cat, and so she must be one of the
dialog: cat people...one of King John's
dialog: pets.
dialog: (tweaks her chin
dialog: playfully)
dialog: Irena, you crazy kid!
text: Irena looks at him from her throat sobs of hysterical
dialog: laughter break
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: Look...you're laughing. You can
dialog: see how funny it is yourself.
text: And it is true. Irena is laughing with him, but hers is the
text: forced, flat laughter of near hysteria.
text: The CAMERA MOVES IN so that we see that it is hysteria,
text: whereas Oliver, seated beside her, feels sure it Is normal
text: laughter joined with his.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN
scene_heading: EXT. IRENA'S APARTMENT HOUSE - NIGHT
text: A cab draws up before Irena's apartment house. In it are
text: Oliver, Irena, the Commodore, and Carver. It is still
text: snowing lightly. Carver is the first out, extricating
text: himself from the jump seat. He helps Irena out, and Oliver
text: follows her.
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: I know a joke about weddings. Why
dialog: would my wedding be a dollar and
dialog: cents wedding?
text: He looks at Irena. She does not say anything. He looks
text: around at the rest. No one says anything. Then the
text: Commodore pokes his head out of the cab.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: All right -- why?
speaker_heading: CARVER
dialog: Because I haven't d dollar, and my
dialog: girl hasn't any sense.
text: No one laughs. It hasn't bean a funny joke. Then Irena,
text: begins to laugh. She laughs hysterically. Oliver locks at
text: her worried. Carver is very pleased, because he thinks he
text: has been funny. The Commodore reaches out from the cab and
text: taps him on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: COMMODORE
dialog: Come along, Carver.
text: Carver climbs into the cab, and it drives off.
text: TWO SHOT of Irena and Oliver on the sidewalk. The soft snow
text: falls on their shoulders. For the first time they are alone
text: together, and Irena's problems have to be discussed.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: What is it, darling?
text: Irena is struggling to put a hard request into reasonable
text: words. She forces herself to speak.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: I'm going to beg --
text: She breaks off, unable to speak. They stand there a moment.
text: Oliver is looking at her. He wants to help her; he wants to
dialog: know the way of her thoughts.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (encouragingly; softly)
dialog: Mrs. Reed.
text: Irena stops and puts her hands tenderly against his chest.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: It's nice to hear that...nice. I
dialog: want to be Mrs.. Reed.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: You are, Irena.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: But I want to be Mrs. Reed
dialog: really. I want to be everything
dialog: that name means to me —
dialog: (with tears coming to
dialog: her eyes)
dialog: -- and I can't -- I can't.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: There's no sense in what you're
dialog: saying, darling. You're excited.
dialog: That woman in the restaurant upset
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: She brought back the old fears. If
dialog: I could have some time to --
dialog: (seizing his hands)
dialog: Oliver, be kind -- be patient -
dialog: let me have time - time to get
dialog: over this feeling there's
dialog: something evil in me.
text: Oliver looks at her quietly for a moment.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Darling, you can have all the time
dialog: there is In the world, If you want
dialog: it, and all the patience and the
dialog: kindness there's in me. You didn't
dialog: have to ask for that.
text: Irena draws his hand to her lips and kisses it.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Only a little time...only a
dialog: little time, Oliver. I don't want
dialog: more than that!
text: They turn toward the house, and as they begin to walk
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Irena is crossing the room toward the door. The room
text: is lighted only by the glow from the street lamps outside.
text: She is in a negligee. Outside, through the window, the snow
text: can be soon falling.
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Oliver, still wearing street clothes, stands at the door of
text: Irena's bedroom. He taps lightly on the door.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Good night, Irena,
text: He stands waiting.
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Irena presses herself against the door. Her hand goes down
text: to the doorknob.
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Oliver stands waiting.
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Irena sinks down to her knees beside the door and crouches
text: there, lonely and desirous. She moves slightly. Her hand
text: goes up toward the doorknob. There is no doubt that her
text: intention is to open the door. From the park comes the thin,
text: eerie scream of the panther. Irena listens, trembles, and
text: takes her hand from the knob.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (almost whispering)
dialog: Good night, Oliver..
speaker_heading: OLIVER'S VOICE
dialog: (from the other side of
dialog: the door)
dialog: Good night, Irena.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. PANTHER CAGE - PAR" - DAY
text: The keeper of the cat cages is sweeping out the blank
text: panther's cage with a long-handled broom. He sings to
text: himself in a nasal New England voice. Irena comes and stops
text: at the guard rail.
speaker_heading: KEEPER (SINGING)
dialog: There was not any person hurt,
dialog: Except the Reverend Parson Burt...
text: (sliding the broom handle far into
dialog: the cage)
dialog: He wasn't killed by cannon ball,
dialog: As judged by jurors one and all.
text: The panther steps haughtily over the broom handle, and comes
text: up to the bars.
speaker_heading: KEEPER (cont'd)
dialog: But being in a sickly state, He
text: frightened fell and met his fate.
text: The leopard, maneuvering for a better view of Irena, gets
text: in the way of the broom. The old keeper stops his work and
text: his song, turning to see what has attracted the leopard's
text: attention. On seeing Irena, he tips his peaked cap and
dialog: smiles,.
speaker_heading: KEEPER (cont'd)
dialog: Ain't seen you here for some
dialog: time, ma1am.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: I've been married. I've been
dialog: married almost a month.
text: Withdrawing his broom, the old keeper uses it as a crutch to
text: support himself. He jerks one thumb in the direction of the
dialog: leopard.
speaker_heading: KEEPER
dialog: That's what I tell this misbegotten
dialog: devil...nobody comes to see him
dialog: when they're happy. The monkey
dialog: house and the aviary draw the happy
dialog: customers.
text: Irena leans over the guard rail. The leopard's hackles rise
text: and he tenses his front paws to unsheathe the talons.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (admiringly)
dialog: But he's beautiful.
speaker_heading: KEEPER
dialog: No. He ain't beautiful. He's an
dialog: evil creature, ma'am. You read
dialog: your Bible. In Revelations -- when
dialog: the Book is talking about the worst
dialog: beast of them all -- it says, "And
dialog: the beast which I saw was like unto
dialog: a leopard."
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (repeating softly)
dialog: Like unto a leopard...
speaker_heading: KEEPER
dialog: Yes, ma'am, like a leopard... but
dialog: not a leopard. I guess that fits
dialog: this fellow.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Yes, it fits him.
text: She pauses a moment, then leaves the guard rail to continue
text: on her way down the promenade. The old keeper calls after
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: KEEPER
dialog: Best wishes for your marriage, ma'
dialog: am.
text: She turns and waves to him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: The panther screen is glowing in the bright sunlight
text: streaming through the window. The sun throws a shadow onto
text: the screen just over the panther. It is the enlarged shadow
text: of tbe bird cage, with the canary hopping about inside the
dialog: bars.
text: CAMERA DRAWS BACK to show Irena at her desk. She has just
text: finished working on a sketch. Now she gets up, stretching
text: and turning. Her eyes fall on the bird in its cage, and she
text: crosses over to it, the CAMERA MOVING with her. The bird
text: huddles on its perch, frightened, Irena tries to encourage it
text: to sing. She whistles a few notes. Still no response. She
text: opens the small door of the cage, and puts her hand inside to
text: take hold of the canary. The bird flutters wildly. Before
text: she can get hold of it, it falls to the cage floor and lies
text: there. Irena picks it up tenderly and holds it in her hands.
text: The bird is dead. Irena is serious and concerned as she puts
text: the bird down on a table, opens a drawer, and takes out an
text: empty bonbon box. Very carefully she places the dead bird in
text: the box, and ties it up with a bit of ribbon. She puts on
text: her hat and coat, gets a trowel chat Is on. The window lodge
text: by one of the window boxes, and leaves the room with the
text: trowel and the box under her handbag.
speaker_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. PARK WALK - DAY
text: Irena walks along the park path. The CAMERA is MOVING with
text: her. Her eyes are searching for a likely spot of earth to
text: bury the dead bird. Under a bush she spies a bit of soft
text: earth. She stops, and takes a step toward It. A whistled tune
text: attracts her attention, and she looks up.
text: A policeman has rounded a corner of the path, and is coming
text: toward her amiably swinging his nightstick, as he whistles
text: "Who?" Irena swiftly pushes the purse back on her arm and
text: continues walking along the path, passing the policeman,
text: who goes right on whistling.
scene_heading: EXT. PANTHER CAGE - PARK - DAY
text: Irena comes up the walk. The panther is pacing back and
text: forth behind the bars. It stops pacing as she passes the
text: cage. She, too, stops, and looks at the beast. Suddenly, as
dialog: if under the compulsion of some thought or desire outside
text: herself, she hurriedly takes the box, tears off the lid, and
text: throws the dead body of the canary into the cage.
text: CLOSE SHOT of the panther, as daintily, with little paw pats,
text: it begins to play with the dead bird, shuffling the tiny
text: yellow body across the dusty floor of the cage,
text: CLOSE SHOT of Irena watching the animal. She shudders,
text: almost as if recovering herself, and turning, walks quickly
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Irena is standing looking out the window. Oliver is opening
text: the little cabinet which they use for a bar. He half turns
text: and calls over his shoulder to her.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Would you like some sherry?
text: Irena doesn't answer. Oliver fills two glasses with sherry
text: and brings them over to her. He offers her one.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (CONT'D) (cont'd)
dialog: Here. If you're determined to mourn
dialog: that bird...we'11 have a regular
dialog: wake...
speaker_heading: IRENA (LOOKING AT HIM)
dialog: It's not just because the bird
dialog: died.
text: Oliver puts a glass Into her hands and stands beside her. She
text: takes a little sip of the wine and stares into the glass,
dialog: thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: IRENA (cont'd)
dialog: It's me. I envy every woman I see
text: on the street.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: They can't match your little
dialog: finger.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: I envy them. They are happy. They
dialog: make their husbands happy. They
dialog: lead normal, happy lives. They're
dialog: free...
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: The bird...do you know what
dialog: happened to the bird?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: It died.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: It died of fright when I tried to
dialog: take it In my hand.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: All right. The bird was afraid of
dialog: you -- that's nothing. I had a
dialog: rabbit once that hated me; yet I
dialog: grew up to be quite a nice fellow.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: Oliver, when I went past the
dialog: panther's cage I had to open the
dialog: box; I had to throw the bird to
dialog: him,
dialog: (a pause; then more
dialog: intensely)
dialog: Do you understand?...I had to. I
dialog: had to do it! That's what
dialog: frightens me.
text: Oliver looks at her for a moment then, speaks quietly, no
text: longer mocking her.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I've been trying to kid you out of
dialog: it. Maybe that's wrong. I've
dialog: tried...
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (taking his hand)
dialog: No one could have been more gentle
dialog: or more patient.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I've tried to make you realize all
dialog: these stories that worry you are so
dialog: much nonsense. Now I see it's not
dialog: the stories... it's the fact that
dialog: you believe them. We've got to have
dialog: help, Irena.
text: Irena half turns. The statuette of King John is on the table
text: before her. She lets one hand rest for a minute on the base
text: of the figure. Oliver follows the direction of her gaze and
text: he shakes his head.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: Not that sort of help. There's
dialog: something wrong, and we have to
dialog: face it in an intelligent way. We
dialog: don't need a King John with fire
dialog: and sword. We need someone who can
dialog: root out the reason for your belief
dialog: and cure it. That's what we need —
dialog: a psychiatrist.
text: Irena turns toward him, her face eager and hopeful,
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: Find one for me, Oliver. The best
dialog: one...the very best one I
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. DR. JUDD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: CLOSE SHOT of Irena. She is in a dark room. Coming diagonally
text: across is a square shaft of light which falls softly on
text: Irena's face, framing the closed eyes, the nose, and the
text: mouth, leaving everything else in undisturbed darkness. From
text: the darkness comes a male voice, a very persuasive, insistent
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: the cats...the cats...you were
dialog: saying the cats....the cats...
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (eyes still closed as
dialog: she speaks)
dialog: They torment me. I wake in the
dialog: night, I fool their warmth and
dialog: their strength in me...in me. I
dialog: walk in the day, and the tread of
text: their foot whispers in my brain.
dialog: I have no peace...for they are in
dialog: me...
text: She pauses, and a little grimace of pain goes over her
text: features. From her closed eyes two tears course slowly down
text: her cheeks. From the darkness the voice continues to urge
dialog: her on.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: In me... in me...
text: There is no response. The man gets up, so that we see him in
text: silhouette. He crosses the room and draws the curtains,
text: letting in the brilliant sunlight. Irena lies with eyes
text: closed, breathing with the shallow, regular breath of sleep,
text: undisturbed by the harsh light.
text: TWO SHOT of Irena and Dr. Louis Judd. He stands for a moment
text: watching her. Judd is a harshly ugly man of early middle
text: ago. There is an arrogance in his bearing which makes some
text: women see him as the suave, continental man, perfectly sure
text: of his success with any woman. His consulting room is clean,
text: antiseptic, and sparsely furnished with a couch, a chair, and
text: a gooseneck lamp on a stand. Irena is lying on the couch.
text: Judd, standing beside her, makes a few notations on a pad.
text: Then he lightly pats her cheek to wake her. She comes from
dialog: sleep very quietly.
speaker_heading: JUDD (cont'd)
dialog: You are very tired.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (smiling uncertainly)
dialog: No...not very.
text: Dr. Judd pours her n drink from a carafe.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Hypnosis always tires me. And some
dialog: of my patients, too, find it
dialog: exhausting.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (taking the glass he gives
dialog: her)
dialog: It's only that I remember nothing.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: But It 1s my duty to remember,
dialog: (patting the notebook in his hand)
dialog: I have it all here. Most
dialog: Interesting. You told me of your
dialog: village, and the people, and
dialog: their strange beliefs.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (anxiously)
dialog: Is that all I told you?
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: You told me tales of blood,
text: violence...mangled bodies in dark
dialog: forests...men torn to death by
dialog: woman half witch, half panther.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: I am so ashamed. It must seem so
text: childish.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: And the cat woman of your
dialog: village...you told me of them,
dialog: too...woman who In jealousy or
dialog: anger, or out of their own
dialog: corrupt passions, could change
text: into great cats, like panthers.
dialog: And if one of those woman were to
dialog: fall in love...and if her lover
dialog: were to kiss her...take her into
dialog: his embrace, she would be driven
text: by her own evil to kill him.
speaker_heading: JUDD (cont'd)
dialog: (pausing, coming closer
dialog: to her)
dialog: That's what you believe and what
dialog: you fear, isn't it?
text: Irena nods her head but does not raise her eyes.
speaker_heading: JUDD (cont'd)
dialog: Frankly, there is no need to be
dialog: ashamed. This is only what we call
dialog: a psychological block...a thing
dialog: which stands between you and what
dialog: you really desire.
text: Irena looks at him. He looks at his watch, crosses to the
text: desk and puts away his notebook with an air of finality.
speaker_heading: JUDD (cont'd)
dialog: Those things are very simple to
dialog: psychiatrists. You told me of your
dialog: childhood. Perhaps we'll find this
dialog: trouble stems from some early
dialog: experience. You said you didn't
dialog: know your father...that he had died
dialog: in some mysterious accident in the
dialog: forest before your birth...and
dialog: because of that the children teased
dialog: you and called your mother a
dialog: witch...a cat woman. These
dialog: childhood tragedies are inclined to
dialog: corrode the soul, to leave a canker
dialog: in the mind, but we will try to
dialog: repair the damage.
text: Irena rises and gives Dr. Judd her hand. He places an arm
text: around her shoulders with familiar ease, as he leads her to
dialog: the door.
speaker_heading: JUDD (cont'd)
dialog: You are not to worry.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: What shall I tell my husband?
text: Naturally, he is anxious to have
dialog: some word.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (with heavy gallantry; as
text: he assists her with her
dialog: coat)
dialog: What does one tell a husband? One
text: tells him nothing.
text: By this time they have reached the door to the outer office
dialog: - the waiting room.
scene_heading: INT. DR. JUDD'S WAITING ROOM - DAY
text: Dr. Judd and Irena enter and cross to the door which leads to
text: the hall. He opens the door for her.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Friday, at eleven?
text: Irena nods and leaves. Dr. Judd turns to another of his
text: patients in the waiting room. She is a beautiful, neurotic
text: looking woman, swathed in furs and adorned with loops of
text: pearls. Judd bows from the waist to kiss her hand.
speaker_heading: JUDD (cont'd)
dialog: My dear lady.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. GROUND FLOOR HALLWAY - IRENA'S APARTMENT HOUSE -
speaker_heading: AFTERNOON
text: CLOSE SHOT of Irena running lightly up the stairs, humming
text: a little snatch of song.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE IRENA*5 APARTMENT - AFTERNOON
text: CLOSE SHOT of Irena as she reaches the top of the stairs and
text: goes down the hallway to her door, still humming the song.
text: Joyously she swings open the door of the apartment*
text: CLOSEUP of Irena as she sees something inside,
text: REVERSE SHOT. Through the door can be seen Oliver and Alice
text: seated together on the sofa. Oliver-is just bending over to
text: light Alice's cigarette. They turn and look as Irena enters
text: and closes the door.
text: Irena, Alice and Oliver.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (as she crosses to
dialog: Alice)
dialog: Alice, it's so nice to see you!
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Hello, darling. How did you make
dialog: out with Louis?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Louis ?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Dr. Judd.
text: Instantly Irena's mood changes. She looks at Alice,
text: puzzled and a little hurt to think that Oliver has spoken
text: of her visit to the psychiatrist. Oliver catches Irena's
dialog: look.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Alice knows, darling.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (not catching the
dialog: vibrations in the air)
dialog: Of course. Didn't I suggest Dr.
dialog: Judd? I met him on the
dialog: Commodore's boat. The way he
dialog: goes around kissing hands makes
dialog: me want to spit cotton, but I
dialog: guess he knows all there is to
dialog: know about psychiatry.
text: Oliver is looking very embarrassed. Irena is both startled
text: and angry now. Alice looks at both of them and catches on.
speaker_heading: ALICE (cont'd)
dialog: Uh-oh!
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (to Irena)
dialog: I told Alice; I knew she'd know
dialog: some good doctor.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: I don't see why that was necessary.
text: Her manner is very cold. She gives them both a long look,
text: and walks away to stand by the window, gazing out, with her
text: back toward them. Alice looks guiltily at Oliver, shrugs
text: her shoulders, and picks up her hat and coat from a near-by
dialog: chair.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Sorry. I seem to have put my big
text: foot in it.
text: She lets Oliver help her on with her coat, and, with her hat
text: still in her hand, she goes over to the door. Pausing, she
text: calls out to Irena.
speaker_heading: ALICE (cont'd)
dialog: Sorry, Irena. I'm sure neither I
dialog: nor Oliver had any notion of
dialog: offending you. I'm dreadfully
dialog: sorry.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (half-turning, coldly)
dialog: Good-bye, Alice.
text: With another-guilty look at Oliver, Alice closes the door
text: behind her. The moment the door clicks shut, Irena turns to
text: face Oliver. She is furious, hurt, offended. Oliver tries to
dialog: make nice with her.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Darling, really, there's no
dialog: reason....
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: But, Oliver, how can you discuss
dialog: such things...such intimate things
dialog: about me? How much did you tell
dialog: her?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (good-naturedly)
dialog: You can tell Alice anything. She's
dialog: such a good egg, she can understand
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: There are some things a woman
dialog: doesn't want other women to
dialog: understand.
text: She crosses the room, goes into the bedroom, and closes the
text: door firmly behind her. Oliver is honestly perplexed. He
text: looks after her ruefully.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Irena is unable to sleep. A bright moon drives a shaft of
text: misty light through the window and across her bed. She turns
text: restlessly, gets up, and goes to the window for a moment to
text: look out. From the park comes the sound of the lions and one
text: eerie, piercing shriek that she knows is the leopard's cry.
text: She trembles, perhaps with cold, perhaps with some emotion
text: that she cannot understand. She comes to a decision, throws
text: a fur coat over her nightdress, outs on a pair of galoshes
text: over her bedroom slippers, and lets herself out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Irena hesitates as she tiptoes across the studio room of her
text: apartment. The moonlight Is pouring in through the window,
text: throwing the familiar objects of the room Into mysterious
text: half-shadows. She goes quietly over to the other door, opens
text: it quietly, and looks in.
scene_heading: INT. OLIVER'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Oliver is sound asleep In his bed. He sleeps quietly.
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Irena closes the door to Oliver's bedroom softly, and tiptoes
text: to the main door, snapping the night latch back, and quietly
text: letting herself out.
speaker_heading: X
speaker_heading: X
speaker_heading: X
speaker_heading: X
speaker_heading: X
speaker_heading: X
text: TWO SHOT. Oliver comes out of the shadows of the hallway and
text: joins Irena on the steps.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I woke up. You were gone, What's
dialog: wrong, darling?
speaker_heading: IRENA
text: (a pause, as she looks at him)
dialog: I couldn't sleep. I went out.
text: They continue up the stairs together, the CAMERA HOLDING on
text: them. As they reach a landing, Oliver stops.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Where'd you go?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Just walked.
text: There is a brief pause. Oliver reaches out and takes her
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I'm sorry about this afternoon. I
dialog: just didn't think.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: We should never quarrel, Oliver. I
dialog: need you so much. You must help me,
dialog: Oliver.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: Never let me feel jealousy or
dialog: anger. Whatever it is that is In me
dialog: is held in...is kept
dialog: harmless...when I am happy.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I'd turn handsprings, darling...
dialog: I'd dance In the streets...to make
dialog: you happy.
text: He smiles down at her. Then, taking her little face in his
text: hands, he pinches her cheeks together so that her mouth
text: puckers to an enforced smile.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. THE PANTHER'S CAGE - PARK - DAY
text: Irena stands at the guard rail, watching the old keeper
text: unlock the cage door and throw in the big, bloody chunks of
text: meat. He is singing again his monotonous, nasal song, but
text: even his singing cannot drown out the noisy feeding of the
text: panther as it gnaws and tears at the meat. When he has thrown
text: in the last chunk, he slams shut the cage door and moves on.
text: It is a gusty, blowy day of hard, inconstant winds. Irena
text: notices that he has left the key in the look of the cage.
text: INSERT THE KEY in the panther cage lock.
text: BACK TO SCENE. Irena pushes aside the little gate, gets the
text: key, stands with it for a moment in her hands, and then runs
text: after the keeper. She holds it out toward him.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: You forgot your key.
speaker_heading: KEEPER
dialog: (taking the key)
dialog: Ah, I'm always forgettin' it,
dialog: 'Tain't no worry in It. Nobody'd
dialog: steal one of them creatures.
text: He moves on, muttering his monotonous song to himself. Irena
text: returns to the little gate. Dr. Judd is now standing where
text: she had formerly stood. He is smiling at her.
text: She lets herself out of the gate and stands beside him. He
text: leans on his cane with a great air of nonchalant ease.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: You resist temptation admirably.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Temptation?
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: The key.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Why would I want it?
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: For many reasons. There is, in some
dialog: cases, a psychic need to loose evil
dialog: upon the world. And we all of us
dialog: carry within us a desire for death.
dialog: You fear the panther; yet you are
text: drawn to him again and again. Could
dialog: you not turn to him as an
dialog: instrument of death?
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: You didn't come back to see me
dialog: Friday. I've had to come to you.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (bewildered)
dialog: How did you know where to find me?
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: You told me many things.
text: Irena looks away.
text: Irena and Dr. Judd as SHOT from within the panther's cage.
text: The black panther moves from time to time in the foreground,
text: sometimes blotting one and then the other character from
text: view. Irena and Judd are seen through the bars of the cage.
speaker_heading: JUDD (cont'd)
dialog: Why didn't you come back?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: I don't feel that you can help me.
dialog: You are very wise. You know a great
dialog: deal. Yet when you speak of the
dialog: soul, you mean the mind...and it is
dialog: not my mind that is troubled.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: What a clever girl! All the
dialog: psychologists, all the theologians
dialog: have tried for centuries to find
dialog: that subtle shade of difference
dialog: between mind and soul...and you
dialog: have found it!
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (apologetically, turning
dialog: away)
dialog: It does seem presumptuous of me,
dialog: doesn't it? Good-bye, Doctor.
text: She starts off. The CAMERA STAYS with her, as we hear o.s.
text: Judd's voice.
speaker_heading: JUDD'S VOICE
dialog: I can cut one thread of fear for
dialog: you.
text: Irena turns back to him questioningly, and he smiles at her,
text: as he joins her on the walk.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Your mother. Do you remember her?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Yes. My mother was a peasant. She
dialog: was lovely...quiet and strong...a
dialog: big woman.
text: The doctor takes one of her hands and holds it up before her.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: And this aristocratic little
dialog: hand...is this a peasant hand? The
dialog: little bones of this wrist...are
dialog: they peasant bones?
text: (drops her hand and looks
dialog: at her)
dialog: The mystery of your father is very
dialog: simple. Perhaps a young aristocrat
dialog: from Belgrade... maybe an artist on
dialog: a sketching trip. And your
dialog: mother..fresh and attractive, as
dialog: peasant girls are when they are
dialog: young.
dialog: (making a little gesture
dialog: with his cane)
text: It's quite clear — a hasty marriage...a brief pastoral — and
text: then he disappears.
speaker_heading: JUDD (cont'd)
dialog: No wonder your mother never spoke
dialog: of him...that the village people
dialog: drew aside from her. As for the
dialog: children who teased you...who would
dialog: explain his absence to them?
dialog: Naturally, they could only go by
dialog: old wives' tales of cat women and
dialog: violence,
dialog: (pauses, looking closely
dialog: at Irena)
dialog: I'm right, am I not?
text: Irena pauses thoughtfully for a moment.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: But what of my mother's death?
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Her death? You didn't tell me.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (still quietly)
dialog: I held her hand when she died. That
dialog: hand...even as I held it... turned
dialog: to the black paw of a panther. I
dialog: felt the coarse hair, the sharp
dialog: talons, the pads...I felt them... I
dialog: saw her lying, black... I saw that.
text: She pauses and looks at Judd, who is frowning at her; she
text: speaks, almost with a note of triumph,
speaker_heading: IRENA (cont'd)
dialog: What little pastoral, Doctor... do
dialog: you have to explain that?
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (confidently)
dialog: You were a child?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: I was thirteen when my mother died.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Why did she die?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: There was an epidemic in the
dialog: village.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: And you were sick, feverish,
dialog: delirious, when your mother died?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: No. I was called from school. I
dialog: can remember it so clearly. I came
text: through the fields. The meadow
text: larks were singing, and the sun was
dialog: shining. I carried the knapsack of
dialog: school books in my hand. I
dialog: remember I could not believe that
dialog: on such a day anyone could die. I
dialog: was not delirious.
speaker_heading: JUDD
text: There is a delirium in great
dialog: grief. There are the illusions of
dialog: bereavement.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: The priest would not come into our
dialog: house when he saw what was on the
dialog: bed. Was his also an illusion of
dialog: grief?
text: Dr. Judd has no answer to make for a moment. He flicks a leaf
text: from the path with his cane, then smiles at her.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: There is always an explanation for
dialog: every phenomenon. We shall find the
dialog: reasonable explanation for this
dialog: one.
text: Irena gives him a scornful look of disbelief, and turns away
dialog: as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. DRAFTING OFFICE - DAY
text: TWO SHOT of Oliver and Alice. They are at a plotting table,
text: Oliver is holding a slide rule in his hand, and is calling
text: out numbers as she moves the batten. He looks at the number
text: on the hairline, and calls It off to Alice.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
text: Toward the sheer line...sixty-two
dialog: degrees --
text: Alice moves the batten with which she is plotting the curve
text: of a bulkhead to the measurement Oliver has given her. It
text: takes a sharp, awkward bend. She looks up at Oliver and
text: points at the batten.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Hey!
text: Oliver looks at the batten, grins ruefully and apologizes!
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I'm sorry. Must have given you the
dialog: wrong figure. Let me try again.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (coming round the table to
dialog: him)
dialog: Wait. Let's have a cigarette
dialog: first.
text: They go toward the water cooler, as he fishes through his
text: pockets for a package of cigarettes. Alice takes a cigarette,
text: taps it on her nail, and smiles at him.
speaker_heading: ALICE (cont'd)
dialog: That's the third wrong figure
dialog: you've given me this morning.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Getting careless in my old ago.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Something's on your mind. Anything
dialog: wrong?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: No.
text: They have reached the water cooler. She lights her
text: cigarette, and accepts the cup of water he hands to her. He
text: draws another cup for himself. She grins at him, as she
text: waves away the first strong puff of smoke from her cigarette.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: Must be marriage.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: In a way, it is. I'm worried about
dialog: Irena.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I thought she was going to Dr.
dialog: Judd.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: That's what I thought. But I
dialog: bumped Into Judd this morning,
dialog: and she hasn't been there since
dialog: the first visit.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: But you told me she seemed anxious
dialog: to be cured.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Apparently not.
text: Alice crumples up the paper cup and drops It into the waste
dialog: basket.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I'm sorry, Oliver. It must make you
dialog: very unhappy.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (thoughtfully, simply)
dialog: You know...it's a funny thing...
dialog: I've never been unhappy before.
dialog: Things have always gone swell for
dialog: me. I had a grand time as a
dialog: kid...lots of fun at school... at
dialog: the office here with you, and the
dialog: Commodore, and Doc. That's why I
dialog: don't know what to do about all
dialog: this. I've just never been unhappy.
text: Alice looks at him. Suddenly she begins to cry. Oliver looks
text: at her in astonishment, takes a quick glance to see that the
text: other workers in the office have not noticed, and quickly
text: leads her around behind the filing cabinets.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: (drawing out the word)
dialog: Hey --
dialog: (pulling out his
dialog: handkerchief)
dialog: Wait a minute!
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (blowing her nose)
dialog: I can't help it. I just can't help
dialog: it.
dialog: (looking up at him)
dialog: I can't bear to see you unhappy. I
dialog: love you too darn much, and I don't
dialog: care if you do know it. I love you.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: I didn't' know it.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Of course, you didn't. What do you
dialog: think I'd do...drag my blooding
text: heart across the drafting tables?
dialog: It just had to come out now. It's
dialog: been too hard to love you...to see
dialog: you in love with Irena...and to
dialog: see you unhappy.
text: They stand looking at each other. Alice gives a final blow
text: to her nose, hands the handkerchief back to Oliver, and
text: manages a grin.
speaker_heading: ALICE (cont'd)
dialog: Forgot it. There's Irena... you're
text: in love with her.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: I don't know. All this trouble has
dialog: made me think -- I don't know what
dialog: love really is. I don't oven know
dialog: whether I'm in love with Irena.
text: Alice looks at him very thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (simply, sincerely)
dialog: I know what love is. It's
dialog: understanding. It's you and
dialog: me...and let the rest of the world
dialog: go by. It's just the two of us,
dialog: living our lives
dialog: together..happily...proudly. No
dialog: self-torture...no doubt. It's
dialog: enduring and it's everlasting.
dialog: Nothing can change it. Nothing can
dialog: change us. That's what I think
dialog: love is.
text: Oliver looks over at the water bubbles rising in the cooler.
text: He looks intently at them, almost as if counting them as they
text: rise, burbling to the surface. He speaks without looking at
text: Alice, his eyes on the bubbles rising in the water cooler.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I don't feel that way about Irena.
dialog: It's a different feeling. I'm
text: drawn to her. There's a warmth from
dialog: her that pulls at me...I have to
dialog: watch her when she's in the room. I
text: have to touch her when she's near.
dialog: But I don't really know her. In
dialog: many ways were strangers.
text: He turns and looks at Alice. She reaches out and takes his
text: hand. They stand together like two people on a street corner
text: shaking hands.
speaker_heading: ALICE (SIMPLY)
dialog: You and I...we'11 never be
dialog: strangers.
text: He smiles at her and she returns his smile.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Irena is in the window alcove, busily engaged in washing her
text: paint brushes. She twirls them between her palms to get the
text: water out of them. Oliver is in his easy chair. He holds a
text: magazine in his hands, but he is not reading. Suddenly he
text: puts the magazine down.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Irena.
text: Irena turns toward him, but continues to twirl the brush
text: she has In her hands.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: (rising and coming
dialog: toward her)
dialog: Irena, I'm worried. What's
dialog: happening to us?
text: Irena looks up at him as she stops twirling her brush. She
dialog: speaks very simply, as if this explained and adjusted all
dialog: difficulties.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: I love you, Oliver.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I know -- but people can love,
text: and people can still drift apart.
dialog: And that's what I feel is happening
dialog: to us. We don't talk together
dialog: openly — you are not frank with
dialog: me...
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: I have never lied to you.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I ran into Dr. Judd today.
text: Irena looks at him and then down at the brush in her hand.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: You haven't been back to see him.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: He cannot help me.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: You won't lot him help you. You
dialog: won't let me help you. You won't
dialog: even help yourself. It's what I
dialog: said to Alice this afternoon —
text: At the mention of Alice, Irena has repeated the name softly,
text: furiously, the while a look of concentrated fury has come to
text: her face. The rest of Oliver's speech has been lost to her
text: through her own anger.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: You're content to go on as we
dialog: are.
speaker_heading: IRENA
text: (softly, but savagely sibilant)
dialog: Alice!
text: Oliver looks at her. He sees her anger, realizes that she is
text: just about to burst forth savagely. He makes a gesture of
dialog: resignation.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (restraining himself)
dialog: I promised you we'd never quarrel.
dialog: Let's calm down a bit.
dialog: (starts toward the door)
dialog: I'll go down to the office — I've
dialog: got some work to do.
text: At the door he picks up his hat and coat and goes out,
text: closing the door quietly behind him. No sooner has the door
text: closed than Irena jumps to her feet, paces quickly toward
text: it, then back again.
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Oliver comes up in front of the office building that houses
dialog: the Consolidated Ship and Barge Construction Company. A
text: plaque on an entrance cornerstone bears the name of the
text: company. There has been snow, followed by thaw, so that the
text: streets are wet. Oliver stands on the wet street, watching
text: the revolving door slowly move around with abrupt jerks. No
text: one, however, is in any of the door compartments. Then as
text: the door comes around, we see that in one of the
text: compartments, on her hands and knees, scrubbing the floor, is
text: a thin charwoman, Mrs. Agnew, her blowsy hair falling down
text: over her face. As she gets around in front of Oliver, she
text: looks up, brushing the hair out of her eyes. A lighted
text: cigarette, with a long ash dangles from one corner of her
text: mouth. She picks up her bucket and scrubbing brush and
text: starts to move out of Oliver's way.
speaker_heading: MRS. AGNEW
dialog: You want to go up to the office,
dialog: Mr. Reed?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: No, I think I'll go around the
dialog: corner to Sally Lunn's and get a
dialog: cup of coffee before I got to work.
dialog: (starting off down the
dialog: street)
dialog: I'll be back.
text: Mrs. Agnew nods. The long ash of her cigarette falls down the
text: front of her dress. She brushes off the ashes with ladylike
text: strokes, as if it were a usual occurrence,
scene_heading: INT. SALLY LUNN'S TEAROOM - NIGHT
text: Oliver comes into the tearoom. It is a typical quaint
text: tearoom of the type seen in Manhattan side streets. A Negro
text: waitress, Minnie, dressed in a stylized soubrette costume
dialog: (something like the kind worn by the Brown Derby waitresses)
text: turns around as Oliver enters.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
text: (with a broad smile as he
dialog: sits down)
dialog: Maybe you'd like some nice chicken
dialog: gumbo, Mr. Reed.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: No, thanks, Minnie. How about some
dialog: apple pie and a cup of coffee?
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: Yes'r, Mr. Reed.
text: (as she turns to get his
dialog: order)
dialog: My goodness, don't nobody like
dialog: chicken gumbo?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. DRAFTING OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Alice is working alone late at night. She has just hung up
text: the last T-square on the back wall. Now she turns out the
text: light above her desk, leaving the room illuminated by a
text: single light near the door. On her under-lit drafting
text: table, taking full advantage of the warmth, his forepaws
text: snuggled under his chin, is the most decorous sort of
text: office cat. He looks like a bookkeeper. Alice is putting on
text: her hat when the telephone rings. She picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (Into phone)
dialog: Hello.
dialog: (no response)
dialog: Hello.
dialog: (still no response)
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Irena has the telephone in her hand, and over the phone we
text: hear Alice's voice.
speaker_heading: ALICE'S VOICE
dialog: Hello -- Hello —
text: Irena quietly hangs up the phone.
scene_heading: INT. DRAFTING OFFICE - NIGHT
text: There is a faint click from the other end of the wire, as of
text: a receiver being put softly back onto the cradle. Alice,
text: disgusted, slams her own receiver into place.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (addressing the cat)
dialog: John Paul Jones, don't you hate
dialog: people who do that?
text: She grabs her coat and starts putting it on. She turns out
text: the last remaining light and starts to leave the office. At
text: the door she pauses and calls through to the cat.
speaker_heading: ALICE (cont'd)
dialog: Good night, John Paul.
dialog: (closes door)
scene_heading: EXT. A ROOFTOP OPPOSITE IRENA'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Along the rooftop of the building opposite Irena's apartment
text: glide a couple of mangy alley oats. They lead into the
text: scene. Seeing Irena's lighted window, they seat themselves on
text: the parapet side and look down into the lighted square of the
text: window. Through it Irena can be seen on her knees, her hands
text: folded in prayer. Her lips are moving.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE SHOOTING
text: :fI*bm^;:VohlMv;th6?ae^h^1M'V/¦::,iV^ cat in line; a little
text: further to one side than the other. From this vantage point
text: we can see down into Irena's apartment. We now see the
text: object of Irena's adoration and her plea: the statue of
text: King John of Serbia. Suddenly, Irena rises swiftly to her
text: feet, and with a quick, violent movement she sweeps the
text: statue to the floor. The cats, frightened, scamper away
text: over the rooftops.
text: The CAMERA MOVES toward the window, as we see Irena catch up
text: her hat and coat and leave.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - OFFICE BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Alice comes out of the elevator. Mrs. Agnew is in the lobby
text: and has risen to a sitting position on her knees. She has
text: Just finished lighting a fresh cigarette. Alice reaches In
text: her pocketbook and takes out a couple of match books.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Here, Mrs. Agnew, I've got a couple
dialog: of new match books for your
dialog: collection.
speaker_heading: MRS. AGNEW
dialog: Thanks, Miss Moore.
dialog: (admiring a particular
dialog: one)
dialog: Chartreuse. My, ain't that
dialog: elegant!
text: Alice smiles and starts out.
speaker_heading: MRS. AGNEW (cont'd)
dialog: Too bad you wasn't here a minute
dialog: ago. Mr. Reed looked in.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (stopping)
dialog: Oh? Where'd he go?
speaker_heading: MRS. AGNEW
dialog: Said he was going around the corner
dialog: to Sally Lunn's.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (starting off)
dialog: I'll see if I can catch him, Good
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: MRS. AGNEW
dialog: Good night, Miss Moore.
text: The ash of her cigarette falls down on her dress again.
text: Almost automatically she brushes it off with her customary
text: ladylike gesture.
scene_heading: INT. SALLY LUNN'S TEAROOM - NIGHT
text: Alice enters the tearoom and stands beside Oliver. She
text: signals to Minnie.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Could you squeeze the coffee pot
dialog: for me, Minnie?
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (turns and sees Alice)
dialog: Hello !
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: I sure could. Only this coffee's
dialog: been workin' so long, it's got
dialog: muscles.
text: Alice smiles at Oliver as she sits down beside him.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: What are you doing in this part of
dialog: town at this hour of night?
text: Oliver shrugs his shoulders. Alice nods.
speaker_heading: ALICE (cont'd)
text: Hmmm. Stormy weather.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: Irena as SHOT in the reflection of a florist shop window.
text: She is walking with fast, soft steps.
scene_heading: INT. SALLY LUNN'S TEAROOM - NIGHT
text: Alice and Oliver have finished drinking their coffee. She Is
text: looking very seriously at him.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Ollie, you're going to have to
dialog: solve your problems your own way.
dialog: (picking up her cup)
dialog: I'm going to drink up and go
dialog: home. You'd better go home,
dialog: too, and make it up with Irena.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
text: (leaning over and patting her hand)
dialog: You're very swell.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (lightly)
dialog: That's what makes me dangerous. I'm
dialog: the new type of other woman.
text: They leave the counter, calling "good nights" to Minnie, who
text: turns and nods to them.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: As SHOT through the plate glass window of the florist shop,
text: with a grouping of tiger lilies in the f.g. Irena stands in
text: an alcove-entrance, watching Oliver and Alice as they go by.
text: TWO SHOT - Oliver and Alice. Alice stops, shivers, and draws
text: the collar of her coat higher. Oliver turns to her.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Cold?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: A cat just walked over my grave.
text: They smile at each other and move on.
text: CLOSE SHOT of Irena through the tiger lilies, as she looks
dialog: after them.
scene_heading: EXT. TRANSVERSE ENTRANCE - NIGHT
text: Alice and Oliver pause at the entrance to the transverse,
text: which stretches away from them, Its darkness punctuated with
text: pools of widely spaced street lights. Alice looks up the
text: street and turns to Oliver.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Don't you want me to walk you home?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I'm a big girl now, and I'm not
dialog: afraid.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Well, good night.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Good night.
text: They shake hands. Oliver turns and starts off across the
text: street, Alice waves good night to him as he reaches the other
text: side; then she draws a deep breath of the cold, crisp night
text: air, and turning, starts toward the transverse walk.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK WALL - NIGHT
text: Irena steps out from the shadows around the park wall. She
text: draws up her fur collar over the lower part of her face and
text: turns toward the transverse walk. On the sound track the
text: music for "Berceuses du Chat" begins in an eerie, minor key.
scene_heading: EXT. TRANSVERSE ENTRANCE - NIGHT
text: Irena pauses at the entrance to the transverse. Ahead of her,
text: walking briskly about one hundred feet in advance is Alice.
text: There are no other pedestrians on the narrow transverse walk.
text: The street and sidewalk are glistening wet and reflect the
text: pools of light from the street lamps. The melting snow drips
text: down the stone walls. Irena turns into the transverse and
text: starts to walk after Alice.
scene_heading: EXT. TRANSVERSE. WALK - NIGHT
text: SHOT of Alice, as she walks along. On one side of her are the
text: high, rock walls of the transverse; on the other is the
dialog: street.
text: SHOT of Irena, as she, too, walks along.
text: MED. SHOT - street lamp on transverse. It throws a circular
text: pool of light, Alice emerges from the darkness, crosses the
text: area of light, and continues on into the darkness. The soft
text: click of her heels fades into the distance. Even as the sound
text: of her steps fades, the sound of Irena's steps comes into the
text: scene. Irena comes from the darkness, crosses the area of
text: light, and continues oh after Alice into the darkness.
text: CLOSEUP of Alice's feet as they walk along, the heels
text: clicking on the wet pavement.
text: CLOSEUP of Irena's feet as they walk along, her heels
text: likewise clicking on the pavement.
text: MED. SHOT of a lighted area, as Alice again walks through a
text: circle of light. She walks directly through and into the
text: darkness beyond, her footsteps clicking on the pavement. As
text: her footsteps fade, we would logically hear Irena's steps
text: coming onto the scene. But we do not. There is nothing, only
text: the sound of Alice's heels fading into the distance. The
text: music of the "Berceuses du Chat" rises and fades.
text: SHOT of Alice as she walks along, the CAMERA TRUCKING with
text: her. There is the sound of her feet on the pavement. She
text: stops in a pool of street light, frowning, sensing the
text: presence of something behind her. She glances over her
text: shoulder, then looks around. The music is growing louder.
text: LONG SHOT of the glistening wet transverse walk, as Alice
text: sees it -- a dark, deserted walk, fading off to a perspective
text: line. It is lighted by regularly spaced street lamps.
text: SHOT of Alice, as she peers more closely into the darkness.
text: She is troubled. The silence is ominous. She frowns
text: apprehensively, turns, and starts to walk on a little faster.
text: She turns her head slightly, but does not dare look behind
text: her. She increases her pace and walks very rapidly through
text: the next area of light and on into the darkness. The sound
text: of her own steps is loud, and she begins to run. She reaches
text: the next pool of light, stops stock still, panic-stricken,
text: afraid to move. Outside the circle of light is only blackness
text: and silence, Alice's frightened eyes poor into the darkness.
text: She shrinks against the lamp post. Sheer terror crosses her
text: face. Suddenly there is a roaring sound that fills the sound
text: track, completely drowning the loud music. A pattern of light
text: cuts across Alice's face. She throws up one arm, almost as if
text: to defend herself. There is a hissing, screeching sound.
text: SHOT of a transverse bus, as with a hiss of air brakes it
text: stops directly alongside Alice. She grasps the platform rail
text: to steady herself. The doors open.
dialog: BUS DRIVER Climb on, sister.
text: Alice steps up. A snarl sounds in the darkness, looks behind
text: her. Her eyes are carried upward.
text: The wet shrubbery at the top of wall stirs, settling, as if
text: something had only that moment passed through it.
text: Alice is looking back over her shoulder, fascinated by what
text: she has seen. She is standing just within the bus, but the
text: driver cannot close the door.
speaker_heading: BUS DRIVER
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: Are you ridin' with me, or
dialog: ain'tcha?
text: Alice nods weakly, and steps In.
scene_heading: INT. TRANSVERSE BUS - NIGHT
text: Alice Is fumbling in her purse for change. She has been
text: greatly shaken by her fright. Her hands are trembling. The
text: bus driver looks up at her.
speaker_heading: BUS DRIVER
dialog: You look as if you'd seen a
dialog: ghost.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: Did you see it?
text: The driver looks at her in amazement. Abashed, Alice drops
text: a coin in the box and moves on. The driver shakes his head
dialog: morosely, as if crazy women were the cause of all
text: misfortune in this world, and pulls the gear that operates
dialog: the door.
scene_heading: EXT. SHORE OF PARK LAKE - NIGHT
text: The waterfowl are nesting on the shallow, reed-fringed shores
text: of the lake. Their heads are tucked in under their wings.
text: Suddenly, one of the fowl, the leader, comes to life, and
text: starts to cluck.
text: CLOSE SHOT - the tall reeds swaying, moving unnaturally, as
text: If something wore stealing quietly behind them.
text: All the birds have wakened now, and silently are swimming out
text: to the safety of the deeper water in the middle of the lake.
scene_heading: EXT. ARCHED BRIDGE OVER BRIDLE PATH - PARK - NIGHT
text: A mounted policeman, in glistening raincoat and cape, sits
text: quietly on his horse. A cone of lamplight illuminates him.
text: Overhead, from the bridge, a dark shadow glides. There is the
text: deadened sound or padded paws on the stonework of the bridge.
text: The horse, sensing the presence and hearing the sound, rears
text: suddenly and plunges. The policeman struggles to rein in the
text: maddened animal.
text: The policeman gets the horse in hand, although it continues
text: to snort and start nervously. He bends down from the saddle
text: to pat the horse's lathered neck.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: What got into you, Joe?
scene_heading: EXT. SHEEPFOLD - PARK - NIGHT
text: Inside the sheepfold there is panic. The sheep mill about in
text: the darkness, leaping over each other in blind fright,
text: bleating piteously.
scene_heading: EXT. SHEEP CARETAKER'S HUT - PARK - NIGHT
text: The caretaker comes out of his hut, with a lantern. He has
text: been roused from his sleep, and goes toward the fold,
dialog: muttering.
speaker_heading: CARETAKER
dialog: The woolly fools!
scene_heading: EXT. SHEEPFOLD - PARK - NIGHT
text: The caretaker stumbles over something on the ground inside
text: the sheepfold. He holds up his lantern.
text: CLOSE SHOT of a killed lamb lying torn on the muddy ground.
text: The muddy soil around the dead animal Is trampled.
text: The caretaker raises his lantern higher, and peers into the
dialog: light.
text: The bodies of three more slain lambs lying on the earth, are
text: revealed by the caretaker's lantern.
text: The caretaker hobbles over to the last body, pausing for
text: just a second at the body of each lamb on the way. He
text: reaches the last body, and kneels down beside it, examining
dialog: the ground.
text: CLOSE SHOT of the prints of an animal In the soft mud around
text: the body of the fourth lamb.
text: CAMERA MOVES a few feet beyond the body. Here, going off
text: toward the sheep pasture gate, are more prints, but not the
text: prints of the animal. Those are the dainty imprints of a
text: woman's slippered-foot.
text: The caretaker, stunned and a little frightened by what he has
text: seen, brings a whistle up to his lips,and blows it shrilly.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK ENTRANCE - NIGHT
text: Irena is standing under a street lamp. She seems dazed and
text: bewildered. She is dabbing at her lips with her
text: handkerchief. The caretaker's whistle is blowing in the
text: distance. Irena frowns, puzzled, irresolute. Another whistle,
text: closer, responds to the caretaker's whistle. A taxi drives up
text: and stops beside her.
speaker_heading: TAXI DRIVER
dialog: Taxi?
text: Irena looks up, nods and gets into the cab.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Oliver is pacing the floor. The room lights are on full. He
text: is smoking a cigarette nervously. There is the sound of the
text: door being opened. Oliver turns around.
text: Irena has let herself In. She closes the door behind her and
text: leans up against it. She is blinking in the glare of the
text: light, She looks ghastly, white, and drawn, her shoes and
text: stockings are wet, muddied, torn. She has lost her hat, and
text: her hair is in wild disorder. In her hand she is crumpling
text: and re-crumpling a soiled lace handkerchief.
text: TWO SHOT of Irena and Oliver. Irena's exhaustion is so great
text: that she looks as if she were about to collapse. Oliver jumps
text: quickly to her side, putting his arm around her waist to
text: support her. She draws away from him,
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Please...please...don't touch
dialog: me...don't come near me.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: All right.
text: Oliver hesitates and looks at her with sympathy.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: Look, Irena, I'm sorry. I've been
dialog: worried to death. I didn't know
dialog: where you were. I thought..
text: There is a pause. She turns away from him.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: These things...what happened
dialog: tonight...happen in every family.
dialog: I was all on edge. You've got to
dialog: understand, and you've got to
dialog: forgive me.
text: Irena starts toward her room, mumbling brokenly.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: I forgive you.
text: She stumbles. Oliver tries to help her, but she eludes his
text: hand and slips into her room. Oliver stands at the closed
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S BATHROOM - NIGHT
text: She has turned on the water taps and is filling the tub
text: with water. She is pulling off her wet clothes as rapidly
dialog: as she can.
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Oliver stands at the door to Irena's room.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Irena? Irena?
speaker_heading: IRENA'S VOICE
dialog: (over the sound of running water)
dialog: What do you want?
dialog: Oliver Is worried.
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S BATHROOM - NIGHT .
text: CLOSEUP of the base of an old-fashioned bathtub that has
text: floor supports of ornamental balls with tiger claws extending
text: down over the tops. Over the scene comes the broken sobbing
dialog: of Irena.
text: CAMERA MOVES UP, and we see Irena In the tub. She sits very
text: still in the still water, but her glistening shoulders shake
text: as she tries to control the storm of her hysteria.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S BEDROOM - DAY
text: CLOSE SHOT of Irena sleeping. She moves slightly in her
text: sleep. Her lips move as if she were trying to speak.
speaker_heading: LAP DISSOLVE
speaker_heading: OVER HER FACE
text: SPECIAL EFFECT SHOT. An army of gigantic, thin, angular cats
text: marches up from the back of the screen until their weird
text: shapes, and glowing eyes fill the entire screen from frame to
text: frame. Then through their ranks comes stalking a knight in
text: chain armor with ragged grave cerements for cloak and tabard.
text: He is unearthly tall and, as he walks forward, it is as if a
text: statue were moving. It is the same figure we have seen on
text: horseback as King John of Serbia. The face under the crowned
text: helmet is in darkness. When he comes up close, this darkness
text: is divided and reveals the face of Dr. Judd. Suddenly, and
text: with a savage movement, this knightly figure draws his sword.
text: It comes flashing from the scabbard and instantly changes, to
text: an enormous Yale key on a ring. The key grows constantly
text: larger, blotting out everything else from the screen. Over
text: this sequence is the music of "Berceuses du Chat" in the
text: softer portions of the melody we hear constantly the
dialog: repetition of Judd's suggestions:
speaker_heading: JUDD'S VOICE
speaker_heading: (over EFFECT SHOT)
dialog: Go loose evil upon the world -- a
dialog: psychic necessity — a desire for
dialog: death-- to loose evil --a desire
dialog: for death -- to loose evil — a
dialog: desire for death ---
text: We LAP DISSOLVE BACK to Irena's face in such a manner that it
text: seems this enormous key were pressing down upon her in her
dialog: sleep. .
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. PANTHER CAGE - PARK - DAY
text: A light rain is falling. Once more the keeper is singing to
text: himself in his nasal voice as he pushes chunks of meat in for
text: the beast. He looks up to see Irena standing at the guard
text: rail and smiles at her.
speaker_heading: KEEPER
dialog: Good afternoon, ma'am.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: The animals must love you. You feed
dialog: them so promptly...the same time
dialog: every day. One could set one's
dialog: watch by you.
speaker_heading: KEEPER
dialog: Thank you, ma'am. It ain't that
dialog: the animals like me, though. I
dialog: tell you, they'd just as leave have
dialog: me for their dinner, even if they
dialog: was to get everlastin1 dyspepsia.
speaker_heading: IRENA (LAUGHING)
dialog: I don't think they'd find you
dialog: indigestible.
text: This strikes the keeper as being very amusing. He chuckles
text: to himself and absent-mindedly moves on to the next cage.
text: Irena looks at the door Of the panther's cage.
text: THE KEY to the panther's cage has been left in the lock
dialog: again by the keeper.
text: BACK TO SCENE, Irena looks around her, making sure that no
text: one is near enough to see her. Very quietly she opens the
text: little gate, takes out the key and slips it in her purse. She
text: steps back onto the promenade, closing the gate behind her.
text: The keeper looks up; he is still chuckling. Irena smiles and
text: looks toward the black panther.
text: CLOSEUP of the black panther's face as the beast stares at
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. FLECKER MUSEUM - MODEL SHIP EXHIBIT - NIGHT
text: CLOSEUP of a grinning cat's face which adorns the bowhead,
text: the end of the timber projecting at right angles from the bow
text: of a model ship.
text: CAMERA DRAWS BACK for CLOSE SHOT of Irena looking at the ship
dialog: model. It is the "Royal Harry,11 progenitor of the mighty
text: British fleet. But what obviously holds Irena's interest is
text: the cat's face. She is fascinated.
text: THREE SHOT - Alice and Oliver in the f.g.and Irena in the
text: b.g. Alice and Oliver are engrossed in their examination of a
text: frame model of the privateer, "Swallow". They move over to
text: the next, model, which brings them beside Irena. Alice stops
text: and looks at Oliver.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I'm afraid this is dull for Irena.
text: Irena, aroused from her absorption in the quaint cat face on
text: the "Royal Harry," comes to herself with a start. Oliver
text: takes her elbow.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Look, darling, there are some
dialog: beautiful moderns upstairs. Why
dialog: don't you take a look at them?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: I like these little boats. I
dialog: want to be with you.
dialog: (looking up at Oliver; pouting)
dialog: Don't send me away.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (gently and lightly)
dialog: We're not sending you away. We
dialog: just don't want you to be bored.
text: Irena looks at him. Her mood changes, as she feels that
text: perhaps they do want to be rid of her. She walks off.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: (calling after her)
dialog: We'll meet you in the main lobby
dialog: in an hour.
text: Alice's attention is attracted by a set of line drawings.
text: She turns to them.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Ollie, look! Line drawings of
dialog: the "America!"
text: They begin to examine the drawings,
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM CORRIDOR - EGYPTIAN ROOM - NIGHT
text: Irena paces the museum corridors. She walks alone, the
text: CAMERA TRACKING with her. A sullen look is on her face and
text: her lips are heavy with sulkiness. She passes a showcase
text: filled with terra cotta figurines of the cat-headed
text: goddess, Bubastis. She only glances at them as she passes.
text: Her stride lengthens with her growing anger. At the end of
text: the aisle she stops still and looks up.
text: As SHOT from Irene's VIEWPOINT, looking up, we see a
text: towering effigy of the goddess Bubastis, carved into a
text: black basalt caryatid. The huge cat head is supported by a
text: lovely, slim, women's neck, rising from rounded, feminine
text: shoulders. The goddess gazes down at Irena from blind,
text: enigmatic, cat's eyes.
text: Irena, as she looks up at this dread goddess of the noonday
text: sun, seems to reach a resolve. Her expression grows grim,
text: resolute. She turns, and walks quickly away.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN LOBBY - MUSEUM - NIGHT
text: Irena walks through the main lobby toward the exit door.
text: She pauses for a moment beside a greet bronze statue of a
text: puma leaping on a frightened horse, and looks toward the
dialog: ship exhibit room.
scene_heading: INT. MODEL SHIP EXHIBIT ROOM'- MUSEUM - NIGHT
text: As SHOT from the lobby, from Irena's VIEWPOINT, with the
text: bronze statue of the puma and the horse in the f.g.
text: We can see Alice and Oliver within the exhibit room, with
text: their backs turned, closely Inspecting a ship model.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN LOBBY - MUSEUM - NIGHT
text: SHOOTING through the intricacies of the puma-and-horse
text: statue at Irena, who looks a moment at Alice and Oliver,
text: then turns, and walks out of the building.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: EXT. ALICE'S HOTEL - NIGHT
text: A cab drives up in front of the hotel and Alice gets out.
text: She waves good-bye to Oliver, and the cab drives off with
text: him. She turns and enters the hotel. The streets are still
text: wet. Just as Alice is passing through the door, another
text: cab drives up. Irena gets out. She pays the driver, and
text: the cab moves off. Irena stands for a moment irresolutely
text: under the marquee.
scene_heading: INT. ALICE'S HOTEL, - LOBBY - NIGHT
text: Alice, striding cheerfully across the lobby, stops at the
text: desk, where a young blonde desk attendant is stationed.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Could I have the key to the
dialog: swimming pool? .
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: Of course, dearie.
text: The attendant gives Alice the key. A little black kitten
text: suddenly jumps up onto the desk top. Alice picks it up and
text: holds it against her cheek.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: What a darling kitten!
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: Yeah. It's one of four. Minou had
dialog: 'em about a month ago.
text: Alice laughs and putting the kitten down on top of the desk,
text: starts toward a stairs where there is a placard marked "TO
text: THE SWIMMING POOL" the kitten jumps down from the desk top
text: and starts after Alice. The blonde leans over the desk.
speaker_heading: BLONDE (cont'd)
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Qh, dearie! When you get through,
dialog: don't forgot to turn off the light,
dialog: will ya?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I won't forget!
text: She starts down the stairs. The little kitten follows her.
text: The desk phone rings, and the blonde picks it up.
speaker_heading: BLONDE (ON PHONE)
dialog: Hullo...Ah, gee -- I can't tonight.
dialog: I got Civilian Defense work...Yeah.
dialog: As I was saying to Brenda, them
dialog: Japs and Nazis is whittling down my
dialog: social life.
scene_heading: EXT. ALICE'S HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Irena is walking irresolutely back and forth underneath the
text: lighted marquee. Suddenly, she seems to come to some
text: decision and walks up the lighted steps toward the entrance
scene_heading: INT. ALICE'S HOTEL - LOBBY - NIGHT
text: The desk clerk is still talking over the phone as Irena comes
text: quietly up to the counter. The blonde glances up and sees
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: BLONDE (ON PHONE)
dialog: Just a minute, dearie.
dialog: (looking up, to Irena)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Is Miss Moore in?
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: She just went downstairs to the
dialog: swimming pool.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Would it be all right if I went
dialog: down to see her?
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: Of course, dearie. Right down them
dialog: steps there.
text: Irena nods and goes toward the steps. The blonde picks up
text: the phone again and continues.
speaker_heading: BLONDE (cont'd)
dialog: As I was sayin' to Brenda...
speaker_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM - ALICE'S HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Alice is standing in front of her locker, drying herself with
text: a big towel. She has just come out of the pool. The door to
text: the plunge is open behind her, but she has turned out the
text: lights and it is dark within. There is only the single light
text: gleaming in the locker room. Alice removes her wet bathing
text: cap and shakes her hair out. She puts on a chenille wrapper
text: over her bathing suit and goes toward the door. She starts
text: to turn out the lights in the locker room, but remembers the
text: kitten. She looks around and sees the kitten.
text: CLOSE SHOT of the little black kitten. It is standing on the
text: threshold, looking up toward the stairs. Its tiny ears are
text: raised, listening.
text: SHOT of Alice, as she looks from the kitten toward the
dialog: stairs.
text: SHOT of the stairway, as Alice sees it. A shaft of light
text: comes down the stairs. The rest of the stairway is in
text: darkness. No one is on the stairs.
text: CLOSE SHOT of the black kitten. Its back begins to arch.
text: Suddenly it turns, scampers through the locker room, leaps up
text: the wall, clambers over the top sill of the half-opened
text: window, and drops into the areaway.
text: Alice shrugs her shoulders good-humoredly. She turns out the
text: lights in the locker room and steps toward the entrance door.
text: She pauses as she hears something ahead of her and looks up,
text: trying to peer into the darkness.
text: SHOT of the hallway, as Alice sees it. It is in shadow. Over
text: the scene is the sound of padded feet on pavement.
text: Alice starts toward the hall. A snarl sounds in the darkness
text: ahead of her. She pauses, rooted in panic, as the slow,
text: stealthy tread of feet starts again. She looks toward the
dialog: stairs.
text: Alice, with terror in her eyes, looks into the darkness.
text: The locker room, SHOOTING toward the door, as Alice sees it.
text: All is blackness.
text: Alice takes a step backward. She looks behind her, and
text: pauses an instant. She turns, flings off the robe, throws it
text: toward something in the blackness, and races through the
text: locker room toward the pool. We hear the splash of her dive.
scene_heading: INT. PLUNGE ROOM - ALICE'S HOTEL - NIGHT
text: SHOT of Alice in the pool, as she swims rapidly out to the
text: center. Behind her there is a frustrated snarl of rage, the
text: sound of fanged teeth ripping, sharp claws snagging into
text: cloth. Alice reaches the center of the pool and treads water.
text: Around the edge of the tank she can hear her pursuer begin to
text: run with bounding steps along the tiles. Then there is
text: silence. Alice looks about her in the quiet darkness. Her
text: eyes try to peer into the shadows. Her whole expression is
text: one of taut, almost hysterical panic. She listens closely.
text: CLOSEUP of a little wave of water, as it slaps against the
text: side of the tank.
text: Alice, as she hears the water, afraid that the thing may have
text: slipped into the pool. She looks around her in terror. She
text: begins to scream. Her cries race around the empty room, echo
text: back at her from the dark end of the pool, and are thrown
text: back at her from the high, beamed ceiling.
dialog: '
text: SERIES of THREE QUICK SHOTS, over which are the echoes of
text: Alice's voice screaming for help.
text: First, the empty dark room.
text: Then, the black surface of the pool.
text: Then, the high, beamed ceiling.
text: SHOT of Alice, as she thrashes about in the water, screaming,
text: the sound track filled with the sound of her voice and the
text: mocking echoes.
scene_heading: INT. ALICE'S HOTEL - LOBBY - NIGHT
text: The blonde, still telephoning, hears the cries for help. She
text: slams up the receiver and runs out from behind the desk.
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: Mrs. Hanson! Mrs. Hanson!
text: Mrs. Hanson,,a buxom Scandinavian, comes running into the
dialog: scene.
speaker_heading: MRS, HANSON
dialog: P3r barmhertighetens skull...
dialog: (breaks off, hearing the cries)
dialog: Kom med skynda.
text: Mrs. Hanson and the blonde run toward the stairs and start
dialog: down them.
scene_heading: INT. PLUNGE ROOM - ALICE'S HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Alice's voice is gone. Her strength is ebbing. She paddles
text: weakly around in the water. There is a sharp shriek and the
text: room is flooded with light. Alice looks, in the direction of
text: the metallic click.
text: SHOT of Irena, as she stands by the electric switch, dressed
text: immaculately as Alice had last seen her, calm, poised.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: What Is the matter, Alice?
text: SHOT of Alice as she stares back at Irena.
text: Mrs. Hanson and the blonde come running down the stairs
text: crying in unison.
speaker_heading: MRS. HANSON
dialog: Vad fattas, Miss Moore...
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: Gee whiz, dearie, you all right?
text: Alice, glancing toward Irena, has recovered her poise. She
text: explains lamely.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: It's nothing. It was dark down
dialog: here. Mrs. Reed, coming in
dialog: unexpectedly, frightened me. I'm
dialog: terribly sorry.
text: SHOT of Irena, as she smiles at the women, and then looks
text: back toward Alice.
text: Mrs. Hanson and the blonde breathe sighs of relief, and start
text: back toward the stairs.
speaker_heading: MRS. HANSON
dialog: ({to herself)
dialog: Jag ar glad att allt &r
dialog: v&lbestSlt med er.
text: Alice has no desire to be left in the same room with Irena
text: alone and she calls out to the women.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Don't go. I'm coming right out.
text: She starts swimming toward the edge of the pool.
text: SHOT of Irena, as she smiles and starts toward the stairs.
text: Alice and Irena. Alice has taken hold of the edge of the
text: pool. Irena bends down, smiling.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: I'm sorry I disturbed you, Alice. I
dialog: missed you and Oliver. I thought
dialog: you might know where he is.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: We looked for you at the museum,
dialog: You'll probably find him at home.
speaker_heading: IRENA (RISING)
dialog: If you don't mind, then, I'll run
dialog: on.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM - ALICE'S HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Irena goes up the stairs. As Irena disappears up the stairs,
text: Alice comes in from the pool.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (to the blonde)
dialog: Would you get me my robe? I left
dialog: It over there.
text: The blonde picks it up and examines it. She looks up with
text: genuine amazement on her face.
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: Why, honey, it's torn to ribbons!
text: Alice looks at the robe, taking it in her hands.
text: INSERT THE TORN ROBE in Alice's hands. It is literally cut
text: to shreds.
text: BACK TO SCENE. Alice looks down at the robe thoughtfully,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. SMALL ALCOVE OFF LOBBY - ALICE'S HOTEL - NIGHT
text: This is a small,feminine room of the type to be seen in
dialog: women's hotels, where the guests may receive gentlemen
text: callers. Alice is seated on a sofa, smoking a cigarette. Dr.
text: Judd is beside her. His hat and coat lie on a near-by chair
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Thank you for coming at so late an
dialog: hour, Dr. Judd. I phoned you
dialog: because I am troubled. I think you
dialog: can help me. (pauses and looks at
dialog: him closely)
dialog: How much do you believe about the
dialog: cat people?
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: The cat people? The story Mrs. Reed
dialog: told me?
text: Alice nods.
speaker_heading: JUDD (cont'd)
dialog: I believe, my dear Miss Moore,
dialog: exactly what I told Mrs. Reed. The
dialog: story is a product of her own
dialog: fears, her own overworked
dialog: imagination.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: What would you say, Dr. if I were
dialog: to tell you that believe Irena's
dialog: story?
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: ALICE (SIMPLY)
dialog: Twice I have been followed by
dialog: something that was not human,
dialog: something that attempted to take my
dialog: life. I believe that was the cat
dialog: form of Irena.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Why should she wish to harm you?
text: Alice looks at him a moment. She determines to tell him the
dialog: truth.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (very quietly)
dialog: Because I am in love with her
dialog: husband.-
text: Judd is highly amused. He chuckles to himself as he settles
text: back in the sofa.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Oh, my dear Miss Moore, the story
dialog: grows more and more charming. And
dialog: simpler all the time, too. You
dialog: are both victim of fear. Mrs.
dialog: Reed fears the past and you fear
dialog: the present. Mrs. Reed has a very
dialog: strong imagination, and you have
text: an equally strong conscience.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I am not a victim of fear, Dr.
dialog: Judd. The danger that threatened me
dialog: was very real.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: You disappoint me, Miss Moore.
text: Alice looks at his smiling face. Quietly she reaches down
text: beside her and brings forth the torn robe.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Here is my robe.
text: Judd examines the robe. The smile fades from his face. He
text: looks up at Alice's serious expression and shrugs his
text: shoulders. He gives the robe back to her. Both rise.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: To understand this, I would first
dialog: have to hear Mrs. Reed's version of
dialog: the story myself. That should be a
dialog: most interesting interview*
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I shouldn't advise you to see her
dialog: alone.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Do you think I am afraid of so
dialog: charming a lady?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I know you don't believe me, Doctor
dialog: but you must be careful.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: You want me to carry some means of
text: protection — a gun, perhaps, with a
dialog: silver bullet...is that what you
dialog: mean?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (amused in spite of
dialog: herself) )
dialog: If you're lucky enough to have
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (smiling; lightly, not gravely
dialog: menacing)
dialog: Of course, this isn't silver...
text: He twists the top of his stick and pulls out a short, steel
text: rapier. He smiles at Alice. She nods to him in dismissal.
text: With a little shrug, he pushes the dagger back into the cane,
text: and with a bow starts to leave the room.
speaker_heading: JUDD (cont'd)
dialog: Good night, Miss Moore.
text: Alice looks down thoughtfully at the torn robe she holds in
dialog: her hands.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. DRAFTING OFFICE - DAY
text: Alice stands for a moment before the telephone. In back of
text: her, Oliver can be seen working at the desk. She turns, half
text: looks at him a moment, and then, picking up the phone, starts
dialog: to dial.
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Irena is working at her drawing table. She has on her smock.
text: The telephone rings, and Irena picks it up. In the b.g, the
text: empty bird cage swings in the cold winter sunlight.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Hello.
text: (a little, frown, as she
dialog: recognizes the voice) )
dialog: Alice?
scene_heading: INT. DRAFTING OFFICE - DAY
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I didn't sleep last night, Irena.
speaker_heading: IRENA'S VOICE
dialog: (over phone)
dialog: Oh, darling...
text: Alice pauses for a moment, looking over at Oliver. Then she
text: turns back to the phone, and the blunt truth comes boldly
text: from her lips.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: You hate me, Irena, don't you?
dialog: You hate me so much that twice
dialog: you have tried to kill me,
dialog: haven't you?
dialog: (pausing, then
dialog: continuing)
dialog: That night on the Transverse...
dialog: again last night in the swimming
dialog: pool...that was you, wasn't it?
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: The smile, the innocence have left Irena's face. A look of
text: dread horror takes their place. She leans against the table
text: for support. Her tone is imploring.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Don't say that, I don't remember
dialog: last night. I don't remember. It
dialog: isn't true. You mustn't say it!
scene_heading: INT. DRAFTING OFFICE - DAY
text: Alice realizes by Irena's desperate tone that Irena in her
text: human form is entirely ignorant of what she may do in some
dialog: other guise.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I am sorry, Irena.
text: She hangs up and turns around, looking at Oliver, draws a
text: deep breath and starts back to her desk.
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - DAY
text: Irena places the phone back on the desk. She leans forward,
text: one troubled hand, brushing the hair back from her forehead.
text: In the b.g. the empty bird cage fills the scene. The sun
text: throws the shadows of the bars across her face. Irena comes
text: to a decision, rises, and throwing on a fur coat over her
text: smock, leaves the apartment.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. DR. JUDD'S OFFICE - DAY
text: CLOSE SHOT of Judd at his desk.
speaker_heading: IRENA'S VOICE
dialog: Help me...help me...
text: Judd looks in her direction calmly through the arch of his
dialog: joined fingers.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: You say you have lapses of memory
dialog: for which you cannot account...they
dialog: are becoming more frequent...and
dialog: you are afraid...
text: TWO SHOT of Irena and Judd. She is looking at him
text: imploringly.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Help me...
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: I cannot help you. You are not
dialog: truthful with me.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: But I am. I have told you
dialog: everything. I have not lied.
text: Judd comes around the desk to stand beside her, bends down
text: and places his hand on her shoulder.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Do you sincerely believe that if
dialog: your husband were to kiss you,
dialog: you would change into a cat and
dialog: rend him to bits?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (looking down)
dialog: I don't know...I am only afraid...
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (bonding closer)
dialog: And if I were to kiss you?
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (moving away from him so
text: that his hand falls from
dialog: her shoulder)
dialog: I don't know, I only know that I
dialog: should not like to be kissed by
dialog: you.
text: Dr. Judd seats himself on the edge of his desk.
speaker_heading: JUDD
text: (as he looks intently at
dialog: her)
dialog: My dear Mrs. Reed, sometimes, in my
dialog: profession, there comes a contest
dialog: of will between the doctor and his
dialog: patient. The patients are
dialog: clever...oh, very clever...and they
dialog: can fool the doctor...sometimes.
dialog: You are very clever and, perhaps
dialog: you enjoy this little game you are
dialog: having with me. But, in the end, I
dialog: will discover your secret.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (desperately)
dialog: Dr. Judd, believe me...I beg you
dialog: to believe,me. I have no secrets.
dialog: I have told you everything. I
dialog: have not lied to you. I need your
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: I cannot help you when you refuse
dialog: to confide in me. But I can warn
dialog: you. These hallucinations approach
dialog: insanity — this nonsense about Miss
dialog: Moore- in the park and at the
dialog: swimming pool — it is a
dialog: deterioration of the mind — the
dialog: escape into fantasy — and it is
dialog: dangerous —
text: He leans forward and shakes his forefinger before her face.
speaker_heading: JUDD (cont'd)
dialog: At this moment I could go before n
dialog: board and have you put away for
dialog: observation.
text: (his voice drops to a
dialog: confidential tone)
dialog: You are that close to real
dialog: insanity.
text: For a moment they face each other, and frightened.
dialog: Irena is shaken
speaker_heading: JUDD (cont'd)
dialog: I cannot help you. You can only
dialog: help yourself. You keep going back
dialog: to the mad legends of your
dialog: birthplace. Forget them. You
dialog: surround yourself with cat objects
dialog: — pictures — get rid of them. Lead
dialog: a normal life.
text: He rises, puts his arm about her shoulder, and starts leading
text: her toward the door. At the door Irena looks up at him.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (Softly)
dialog: For the first time you have been
dialog: kind to me.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: It is because you interest me.
text: As Irena walks out, he stands at the door watching her.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Oliver and Irena are sitting at a little table drawn up
text: before the fireplace. They have finished dinner. Only the
text: empty dessert plates and the empty demitasse cups remain. The
text: fire is burning bright, but low. Above the mantle is an empty
text: space. The Goya has been removed. Later, as the CAMERA
dialog: SHIFTS, we will notice that the Grandville drawings and the
text: panther screen have also been taken away. Oliver is looking
text: down at his empty coffee cup, lost in thought. Irena is
text: watching him.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Oliver?
text: Oliver does not look up.
speaker_heading: IRENA (cont'd)
dialog: I've been to Dr. Judd.
text: Oliver looks up Irena looks first at him, then at the empty
text: space where the Goya had hung. He follows her gaze and
text: notices that it is no longer there. They look at each other.
speaker_heading: IRENA (cont'd)
dialog: I am no longer afraid.
text: Oliver looks at her very thoughtfully; then he rises and
text: starts around the table toward her. She rises expectantly,
text: almost as if preparing herself for his kiss. She stands
text: smiling. A step away from her he stops.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Listen, Irena -- I had hoped -
dialog: things have changed.
text: Irena still smiles at him, but there is more inquiry than
text: invitation in her smile. Oliver finds the words he wants to
text: say and says them with blunt simplicity.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: I don't love you, Irena. I love
dialog: Alice. I've always loved her, but I
dialog: didn't know it. I had to learn
dialog: maybe through this marriage of ours
dialog: -- what love was. I didn't want to
dialog: tell you this. But now, you see, I
dialog: have to. It's too late.
text: CLOSEUP of Irena. Oliver's words.
text: She has tears in her eyes as she echoes
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Too late ---
dialog: Irena and Oliver.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: It's no one's fault...neither
dialog: yours, nor mine. I'm sorry we've
dialog: caused each other unhappiness...
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (looking tip at him)
dialog: You gave me happiness.
text: She sinks down on the edge of the sofa. Oliver faces her. It
dialog: is obvious that he is trying to be very practical and matter
dialog: of-fact. He takes this attitude from a sense of kindness.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: There seems only one decent thing
dialog: for me to do -- I'll give you a
dialog: divorce. Believe me, it is better
dialog: this way.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Better? Better for whom?
text: (she pauses, averts her
dialog: face and then says
dialog: brokenly)
dialog: I am being loft alone.
text: CLOSE SHOT of Oliver. Her words have affected him greatly.
text: He tries to say something but Is struck by the futility of
dialog: anything he can say and does not speak. (Note to director:
dialog: If necessary to get over this thought, you might lot him
text: start and swallow the word "Irena" as if he were going to say
dialog: more.)
text: Irena. She looks at him. As she looks, her mood changes;
text: anger comes to her face and it is almost as if with this
text: flood of anger, her grasp on reality and sanity relaxed.
text: Although her voice lowers, it gains in intensity. (Note to
dialog: director: There are a great many "s" sounds in the following
dialog: speech and, if possible, they should be emphasized so that we
text: can almost hear the spitting of a cat in her voice. The words
text: between should be held in low key. The facial expression is
text: tense and presages the immobility of her face in the coming
dialog: scene with Judd.)
speaker_heading: IRENA (cont'd)
dialog: Speak. You can't speak --
dialog: there's nothing you can say.
dialog: There's only silence. But I
dialog: love silence — I love loneliness
dialog: -
text: Irena and Oliver. He kneels down beside her alarmed by
text: her tone and very concerned. Irena turns away from him
text: hiding her face In the back of the sofa. Her two hands
text: rest on the back, stiffly, claw-like.
speaker_heading: IRENA (cont'd)
dialog: (in the same low voice but
text: growing more incoherent
dialog: as she goes on)
dialog: I don't care. I am not a woman. I
dialog: can feel fierce pleasures a woman
dialog: never knows.
text: She grows completely incoherent, pouring forth torrentially
text: the meaningless words.
speaker_heading: IRENA (CONT'D) (cont'd)
dialog: In me --- they are in me ---
dialog: their warmth --— their strength—
dialog: their softness -- lonely — dark —
text: silent — silent.
text: Oliver bends close to her and shakes her shoulder.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Irena — you're talking, like an
dialog: insane woman.
text: Irena fights for self-control. We can see her fingers dig
text: deep into the upholstery. Then her voice comes, throaty and
text: vibrant with attempted control.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: Please --- please go.
text: Oliver looks at her, concerned, reluctant.
speaker_heading: IRENA (cont'd)
dialog: I want you to go — go — please,
dialog: go.
text: Oliver gets up hesitantly and goes toward the door. He looks
text: back, sees her tensely quiet on the sofa, picks up his hat
text: and coat, looks again, his face showing worry and concern.
text: Finally he leaves, closing the door softly behind him.
text: Irena's two hands rip downward, the nails slashing the thin
text: fabric of the sofa covering.
text: Oliver is dialing a number. There is a tense look of urgency
text: on his face. He gets a response.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Dr. Louis Judd, please.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: INT. SALLY LUNN'S TEAROOM - DAY
text: We open the scene with a CLOSE SHOT of the kitchen door as it
text: opens outward into the restaurant. It is held open for a
text: moment as Minnie, the waitress, gets her tray through. On the
text: back of the door, a placard reads:
text: PUSH THE CHICKEN GUMBO TODAY
dialog: Sally Lunn, Manager
text: Through this door Minnie comes, bearing a tray on which is a
text: piece of apple pie, a dish of Bavarian cream, another of
text: Roquefort cheese, and three cups of coffee.
text: CAMERA PANS with her as she proceeds across the restaurant
text: with mincing steps. She is followed by a large, sinuous black
text: cat. Minnie comes up to a booth in which Alice, Oliver and
text: Dr. Judd are seated.
speaker_heading: MINNIE
dialog: Bavarian cream?
text: Oliver indicates Alice's place.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (cont'd)
dialog: Roquefort?
text: Oliver indicates Dr. Judd.
speaker_heading: MINNIE (cont'd)
dialog: And you get the apple.
text: She serves the three cups of coffee and retires with the cat,
text: tail aloft and proudly waving, pacing behind her. Judd
text: resumes a conversation that has obviously been interrupted by
dialog: the waitress.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: I have pointed out two
dialog: alternatives, Mr. Reed. Either have
dialog: her put away for observation and
dialog: restraint or have your marriage
dialog: annulled.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: It's tough for Oliver either way,
dialog: Doctor.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: As a psychiatrist I should
dialog: recommend that you have her put
dialog: away.
text: He looks first into Oliver's face and then into Alice's.
speaker_heading: JUDD (cont'd)
dialog: As your friend, however, I have
dialog: much more reasonable advice to
dialog: offer. I think you should have your
dialog: marriage annulled. In this way you
dialog: are free of responsibility. You two
dialog: could marry.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: And if Irena is sent away?
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: The law is very explicit. One
dialog: cannot divorce an insane person.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: If she's not well, I am going to
dialog: take care of her.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (looking at Oliver)
dialog: It's the only right thing.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: As you will. I shall have the
dialog: commitment papers drawn up and
dialog: arrange an interview with Mrs. Reed
dialog: tonight at her apartment. Let's say
dialog: 6 o'clock?
text: Oliver and Alice nod agreement.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The ormolu clock on the mantel indicates that it Is now 7:30.
text: It rings, the half hour. The apartment is as we first saw it;
text: all the pictures are back; the screen is up. Alice has just
text: taken a record off the phonograph. Now she puts on another
text: one. It is the Berceuse. Oliver stops the machine and takes
text: off the record with an apologetic smile.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Let's not play that.
dialog: (looking at his watch)
dialog: I don't think Irena's coming.
dialog: We've waited an hour and a half.
dialog: I don't think she Intends to
dialog: come. She's probably walking in
dialog: the park.
text: SHOT of Judd as he rises and picks up his coat, hat, and
dialog: gloves.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Perhaps it Is useless to wait.
text: He looks at his walking stick.
text: INSERT JUDD'S WALKING STICK resting on the sofa.
text: BACK TO SCENE. Judd smiles and quietly pushes the stick down
text: under the cushions.
text: WO SHOT - Oliver and Alice.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Let's get back to the office,
dialog: Ollie.
dialog: We've had a terribly broken~up day.
dialog: There's lots of work to be done.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Suits me.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE IRENA'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Alice and Oliver have just started down the stairs.
text: Dr. Judd pauses to strike his forehead with his gloved
dialog: fingertips.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: How stupid! I left my walking stick
text: in the apartment.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I'll get it for you.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (stopping Oliver)
dialog: No, no. It is my fault. Give me the
dialog: key. I shall only be a moment.
text: Oliver gives Judd the key; Judd starts down the hall.
text: SHOT of Judd, as he opens the door to Irena's apartment and
dialog: goes in.
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Judd crosses the room in the half-light, having left the door
text: to the apartment open. He picks up his walking stick from
text: under the pillow, and starts back.
text: CLOSE SHOT of Judd at the door. He takes the key out of the
dialog: lock.
text: INSERT JUDD'S HANDS, as he slips the latch off the lock.
text: BACK TO SCENE. Judd lets himself out, closing the door.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE IRENA'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Judd rejoins Oliver and Alice. He returns the key to Oliver.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Thank you so much. I should be
dialog: quite lost without my walking
dialog: stick.
text: He looks at Alice. They start down the stairs.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. DRAFTING OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Alice and Oliver have turned on the light in the office.
text: Oliver is sitting down at the desk, a thoughtful look on his
text: face. Alice has taken off her coat, and is just removing her
text: hat. As she pats her hair into shape, she gets a look at
text: Oliver's face. She comes over to him and touches his arm.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Don't worry, Ollie. It'll come out
dialog: all right. It must.
text: He turns and smiles at her, John Paul Jones, the office
text: cat, walks across the drafting table in front of Alice,
text: jumps down and crosses to the door. He scratches to be let
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: ALICE (cont'd)
text: (as she goes to open the
dialog: door for him)
dialog: All right, John Paul -- I don't
dialog: ask questions ---
text: She opens the door. John Paul passes through with dignity,
text: and Alice returns to her drafting table, leaving the office
text: door slightly ajar.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Let's get to work.
text: He picks up a list of measurements and starts reading them
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: Three and a quarter.,.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (picking up the batten,
dialog: reporting the
dialog: measurement)
dialog: Three and a quarter...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. DRAFTING OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Oliver has reached the end of the list, the last number.
dialog: He calls out
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: And one and three eighths!
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (repeating, as she bonds
dialog: the batten into shape)
dialog: And one and three eighths!
dialog: (looking up at Oliver)
dialog: There!
text: She smiles at Oliver, who returns her smile, the telephone
text: rings. Alice reaches for it.
speaker_heading: ALICE (cont'd)
dialog: I'll get it.
dialog: (lifts the receiver)
dialog: Hello.
dialog: (there Is no response;
dialog: she repeats)
dialog: Hello...hello!
text: From the other end of the line there is a little click as the
text: receiver is hung up. Alice looks at Oliver.
speaker_heading: ALICE (cont'd)
dialog: They hung up.
text: She puts the receiver back on the cradle and pushes the
text: phone aside. Suddenly she remembers another evening when
dialog: the telephone had rung..,
speaker_heading: ALICE (cont'd)
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: That's funny.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: It happened once before like
dialog: that. The telephone rang. I
dialog: answered. There was someone on
dialog: the other end of the line; I
text: could almost hear them listening.
dialog: And then there was a little
text: click, as they put up the
dialog: receiver. That was the night I
dialog: was followed on the transverse...
dialog: (looks at Oliver and
dialog: takes his sleeve)
dialog: Oliver...
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: What is it, Alice?
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Let's get out of here, I'm afraid.
text: He looks at her.
speaker_heading: ALICE (cont'd)
dialog: That was Irena...I know it was
dialog: Irena who called.
text: She could call from downstairs.
text: She may be on her way up now.
text: Oliver looks at her grimly and reaches for his hat and coat.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Your things.
text: She quickly gets into her coat and hat and picks up her
text: pocketbook. Oliver puts his hand on the light switch.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: I'll have to turn out the lights
dialog: from here.
text: Alice looks ahead.
text: SHOT of the door into the hall, from Alice's viewpoint. The
text: door is open, and one can see out into the dimly lit hallway.
text: TWO SHOT of Alice and Oliver. She takes his arm.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: The door's open. We can see to get
text: out into the hall.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: I'll switch off the table lights as
dialog: we go.
text: Oliver turns out the light, and together they start toward
text: the door, the CAMERA MOVING with them. Oliver turns out the
text: under-lit table lights. Halfway across the room Alice stops,
text: her fingers clenching in Oliver's sleeve. There is n soft,
text: metallic click as of a door closing. They look In the
dialog: direction of the sound.
text: SHOT of the door. It is closed.
text: TWO SHOT - Alice and Oliver.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (turning to him)
dialog: It's shut now. Just a minute ago
dialog: it was open.
text: They go to the door, Oliver reaches out and turns the knob;
text: then he turns to look at Alice.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
text: It's locked.
text: Alice seizes his arm. In the darkness, to one side of them,
text: there Is a sound like a snarl. Instinctively Oliver and
text: Alice step backward, away from the sound in the dark.
text: The CAMERA MOVES with them. They bump into a desk, grope
dialog: their way around It.
text: From the darkness following them, there is a whisper of
text: light, padded feet — a delicate tick, tick of claws scraping
text: the floor. Alice bumps Into the glassy coldness of the water
text: cooler, gasps in fright, arid pushes it away from her. There
text: is a crash, the sound, of glass breaking, and then the
text: throaty gurgle of water spilling out onto the floor.
text: It is silent then. Alice and Oliver are creeping back down
text: between a row of filing cabinets. Now there comes again,
text: pursuing them, the whispering tread of soft paws. Alice and
text: Oliver are against the further wall now. Alice is pushed
text: behind Oliver, her back against the wall. Panic-stricken,
text: she begins to whimper with restrained hysteria. Her nerves
text: are cracking up. Oliver tightens his hold on her wrist. A
text: cold sweat breaks out on his forehead. He reaches in his
text: pocket, and pulls out a book of matches. He lights one.
text: It throws a faint glow around them. Shadows flicker across
text: their faces. Behind them the match light dimly reveals the
text: letters "Project No. 457." They peer into the darkness.
text: SHOT of the dark, shadowy room.
text: Alice is sobbing with fright, trying to restrain her fear, so
dialog: that the sobs, when they come, are the more terrifying to
text: hear. Oliver calls into the darkness.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: Irena...Irena...
dialog: (the match light begins
dialog: to flicker)
dialog: Irena...
text: The match light dies. He lights another and pushes the book
text: of matches into Alice's hands.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: Keep lighting them.
text: Alice lights a match, the scene is brighter.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: Leave us, Irena. Leave us.
text: SHOT of the darkness before Alice and Oliver.
text: Oliver's match light flickers out before Alice's match also
text: goes out, Oliver looks up to one side.
text: CLOSEUP of a T-square hanging beside him on the wall.
text: As Oliver reaches up to got the T-square, Alice's match light
text: dies. In the darkness, he snatches the T-square Alice
text: lights another match. Oliver has the T-square in his hand
text: and in the eerie light, a shadow is thrown on the wall above
text: and to one side of him. He leans forward tensely. He speaks
text: with deep feeling, the name of God in tones of reverent
dialog: supplication.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: Irena...I beg you, leave us In
dialog: peace.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: In the name of God --Irena.
text: There is a snarl. The match light flickers out. Again Alice
text: lights a match. Oliver leans forward, still gripping the T
text: square In his hands.
text: The darkness. There is only silence. Beyond, the door
text: stands open, and one can see out into the hall again.
text: Oliver takes Alice's hand and starts back toward the hall.
text: She holds a match in her free hand.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE DRAFTING OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Alice and Oliver close the door to the office behind them and
text: stand in the dimly-lighted hallway. They look down the hall.
text: SHOT of the elevator, from their point of view, as it stands
dialog: waiting.
text: Alice takes a step toward the elevator, but Oliver stops her.
speaker_heading: OLIVER (cont'd)
dialog: Let's go down the stairs.
text: They turn and go toward the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY - OFFICE BUILDING - NIGHT
text: As Alice and Oliver reach the bottom of the first flight of
text: stairs, Alice stops, leans up against the railing, and covers
text: her face with her hands. Oliver puts an arm around her.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Don't Alice. It's gone.
dialog: Everything's all right. Don't be
dialog: afraid.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (lifting her face to
dialog: his, smiling)
dialog: I'm not afraid.
text: He smiles, and kisses her lips. They turn and continue down
dialog: the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY - OFFICE-BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Alice and Oliver come out of the doorway marked "Stairway."
text: They stop short. Oliver points off.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Look!
text: TWO SHOT - Alice and Oliver. She looks beyond the
text: elevators, and her fingers tighten on Oliver's arm. He
text: follows the direction of her gaze.
text: SHOT of the revolving door, from their viewpoint. It is
text: spinning emptily, as if someone had just passed through.
text: TWO SHOT - Alice and Oliver. Alice looks about her and then
text: up at him.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Irena's perfume -- strong —
dialog: sweet...
text: They go out the revolving door.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OUTSIDE OFFICE BUILDING - NIGHT
text: Alice and Oliver stand on the sidewalk. He tries to peer
text: through the night. There is a heavy ground fog, white and
text: still. The night is windless and quiet. Alice puts one hand
text: to her forehead and sways a bit. She forces a grin at him.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: I've got to have a drink.
text: They start off.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Dr. Judd Is seated in a chair. The phonograph is playing the
text: music for Irena's song. The phone starts to ring. Judd looks
text: at it. The phone rings again, and he picks it up.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: ALICE'S VOICE
dialog: (over phone)
dialog: Dr. Judd?
scene_heading: INT. TELEPHONE BOOTH - IN A BAR - NIGHT
text: CLOSE SHOT of Alice and Oliver at pay telephone. Alice is
text: speaking into the phone.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: Yes. We've been trying to get you
dialog: on the phone, Dr. Judd. I called
dialog: your hotel.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Yes. I know. That's what I want
dialog: to talk about. Are you alone?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You had better leave then.
dialog: She may be on her way back now,
dialog: (pause)
dialog: She is dangerous, Dr. Judd. I warn
dialog: you — Hello. Hello. Dr. Judd. Dr.
dialog: Judd are you there?
dialog: (pause)
text: Alice hangs up the receiver and turns to Oliver.
speaker_heading: ALICE (cont'd)
dialog: I think Irena just came in. He
dialog: hung up on me.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (taking her arm as they
dialog: start out)
dialog: We'll get a taxi!
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: SHOOTING PAST Judd, who is putting down the phone, we see
text: Irena standing, looking at him, the open door behind her. He
text: stands up and comes toward her as she closes the, door.
speaker_heading: JUDD
dialog: I kept my appointment, late, aren't
dialog: you?
text: Irena continues to look at him with a calm, measuring stare.
text: He comes closer to her, speaking as he moves. In the b.g. the
text: record still plays Irena's music. She looks up at him,
text: betraying no emotion. He is beside her. He kisses her hand.
text: Still no emotion crosses her face. She only looks at him.
speaker_heading: JUDD (cont'd)
dialog: I have never believed your story. I
dialog: am not afraid of you.
text: He puts his arms around her, looks into her eyes. She does
text: not struggle, continues only to stare at him. He speaks
text: softly to her.
speaker_heading: JUDD (cont'd)
dialog: I take you in my arms. You are so
dialog: very little...so soft...there is
dialog: warm perfume in your hair... your
dialog: body. Do not be afraid of me,
dialog: Irena...
text: CLOSEUP of Irena's face, his kiss.
text: She lifts her mouth to receive
text: CLOSE TWO SHOT of Irena and Judd as he bends to kiss her.
text: They kiss. He draws back from her, smiling, his arms still
text: around her body.
text: CLOSEUP of Irena. This is as immobile, as expressionless a
dialog: shot of her face as we can achieve; there is a frightening
text: blankness and vacancy in this face. Then the whole head moves
text: forward slowly toward the camera, the expression never
text: changing, not even stirring to breathe.
text: CLOSEUP of Judd. The smile suddenly fades from his face. Its
text: place is taken by shock and terror.
scene_heading: INT. TAXI - NIGHT
text: SHOT of Alice and Oliver in a taxi that is racing through the
dialog: streets.
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Judd fumbles behind him for his cane, finds it, and draws the
text: dagger out. Beads of sweat stand out on his brow. He cannot
text: take his eyes off something in front of him.
text: CLOSE SHOT of the panther screen. Silhouetted on it are the
text: shadows of Judd and some beast-like figure as they fight.
text: There is the sound of furniture being overturned, snarls of
text: rage from the beast, and the heavy, terrible breathing of
dialog: Judd.
text: ANOTHER ANGLE of the panther screen. The fight is reflected
text: in its glossy surface. Something crashes into the screen, and
text: it goes over.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT
text: SHOT of a taxi racing through the foggy city streets*
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: CLOSE SHOT of the Goya portrait. On the glossy surface of the
text: painting, two shadows are engaged in a struggle. We hear the
dialog: sound of the struggle o.s.
text: SHOT of a charming table lamp. The table on which it is set
text: is turned over, and the lamp rolls to the floor. The lamp
text: shade rolls back, and the electric globe casts, moving
text: shadows over the scene.
text: SHOT of the empty bird cage swinging crazily. Something
text: knocks it to the floor.
scene_heading: EXT. IRENA'S APARTMENT HOUSE - NIGHT
text: The taxi draws up in front of the apartment, and Alice and
dialog: Oliver got out quickly.
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: SHOT of the table lamp still rolling back and forth, with
text: large, moving, distorted shadows fighting. Something crosses
text: In front of the strong light, completely blotting the scene
dialog: from view.
scene_heading: INT. GROUND FLOOR HALLWAY - IRENA'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Alice and Oliver come hurriedly in. Oliver lets the door
text: close behind him, and they start up the stairs. A man's
text: high-pitched scream of mortal agony cuts down the
text: stairwell. It is followed by hideous noises, bestial
text: snarls and growls, the crash of overturned furniture. Alice
text: and Oliver look at each other; then they start running up
text: the stairs. As they reach the first landing, the sounds of
text: snarling and struggle grow louder. There comes one
text: piercing, human shriek of agony and then quick silence.
text: Again Oliver and Alice pause and look at each other, then
text: continue on up the stairs.
text: SHOT of the stairs a flight above Oliver and Alice. There is
text: a shadow on the stairs, moving, black, and stealthily agile.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY - IRENA'S APARTMENT HOUSE - NIGHT
text: TWO SHOT - Oliver and Alice. They are running up the second
dialog: flight of stairs.
text: SHOT of the stairs above them. We can see the shadow now more
text: clearly. It is Irena. She is coming down the stairs. Her
text: fur coat is only half on. One arm is in the sleeve; the
text: other side of the wrap is draped about her shoulders, pulled
text: across her breast as if she were holding it to hide some
text: hurt. She sees Alice and Oliver below her and moves
text: stealthily back into the deeper shadows of the stairway.
text: Alice and Oliver are passing an angle of the stairway where
text: Irena stands. Neither of them sees her.
text: CLOSEUP of Irena as she watches them go by. Her eyes are on
dialog: Oliver.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE IRENA'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Alice and Oliver come up the stairs. On the stairway, coming
text: down from another floor, are two old ladies in faded dressing
text: robes. Other tenants have congregated about the open door of
dialog: the apartment.
scene_heading: INT. GROUND FLOOR HALLWAY - IRENA'S APARTMENT HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Irena is on the first floor. She is looking up.
speaker_heading: IRENA
dialog: (calling softly)
dialog: Oliver!
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE IRENA'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: TWO SHOT - Alice and Oliver. Oliver does not hear his name
text: but sensing Irena's presence, he stops, hesitating.
scene_heading: FIRST OLD LADY'S VOICE
dialog: Mr. Reed! Oh, Mr. Reed!
text: Oliver turns in the direction of her voice.
scene_heading: INT. GROUND FLOOR HALLWAY - IRENA'S APARTMENT HOUSE - NIGHT
text: SHOOTING DOWN the stairwell from the upper floor, we see
text: Irena make a gesture of farewell to Oliver and turn away
text: toward the street door.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE IRENA'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Oliver and Alice join the two old ladies and go through, the
text: doorway of Irena's apartment.
scene_heading: INT. IRENA'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: As Alice and Oliver step into the apartment, Alice gets one
text: look at the room and turns away. Oliver takes her in his
text: arms, trying to hide the room from her. Over the scene is the
text: sound of the phonograph record still revolving with a
text: monotonous, grinding sound.
text: REVERSE SHOT of the apartment as Alice and Oliver see it. The
text: room bears the signs of a terrific struggle. Furniture is
text: overturned, ornaments smashed, the draperies and pictures
text: torn down. Judd's body is hidden by a chair. Only his legs,
text: one pants leg torn, can be seen. O.S. is the sound of the
dialog: record revolving. '
text: The two old ladies push into the room. They seem quite
text: pleased at all the excitement.
speaker_heading: FIRST OLD LADY
dialog: (to Oliver)
dialog: You needn't worry, Mr. Reed, Sue
dialog: Ellen and I phoned the police
dialog: Just as soon as we heard the
dialog: racket.
text: Oliver speaks almost automatically as he starts to look in
dialog: the other rooms.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: Thank you.
text: The second old lady stoops and starts to pick something
text: up. The first old lady stops her.
speaker_heading: FIRST OLD LADY
dialog: Sue-Ellen! You know better than
dialog: that. You're not supposed to
dialog: touch anything until the police
dialog: get here.
speaker_heading: SUE-ELLEN
dialog: But it's all blood.
text: She points down.
text: INSERT THE BROKEN SWORD CANE in Judd's hand.
text: BACK TO SCENE. Alice and Oliver have joined the two old
text: ladies and are looking down at the broken sword.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: We've got to help her.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (thoughtfully)
dialog: She never lied to us.
speaker_heading: ALICE
dialog: (taking his arm)
dialog: Come on.
text: They slip out of the room together.
scene_heading: EXT. IRENA'S APARTMENT HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Alice and Oliver come down the steps, and they start to run
text: through the foggy night.
scene_heading: EXT. ZOO PROMENADE - PARK - NIGHT
text: Irena starts down the promenade. A white ground fog lies
text: heavily upon the earth. She pauses for a moment.
scene_heading: EXT. PANTHER CAGE - PARK- NIGHT
text: Irena comes up to the cage of the black panther. The panther
text: rises and looks at her.
scene_heading: INT. PANTHER CAGE - PARK - NIGHT
text: REVERSE SHOT - as the panther in the f.g. looks out between
dialog: the bars at Irena.
scene_heading: EXT. PANTHER CAGE - PARK - NIGHT
text: Irena opens the gate, reaches in her purse and finds the key.
text: She goes up to the lock in the cage and fits the key in the
text: lock, turning it. She pauses a moment and then swings open
text: the cage door.
text: CLOSEUP of the panther, doorway.
text: It is crouched, in the open
text: REVERSE SHOT of Irena. She is standing facing the panther.
text: Her head is up; her arms hang at her side, her hands spread
text: out. Her eyes are wide open.
text: MED. SHOT of Irena and the panther. The beast snarls once and
text: leaps forward. With one sweep of a heavy paw the animal hurls
text: Irena to the ground. Free, he bounds off into the darkness.
text: CLOSE SHOT of Irena. There is a little smile on her lips. Her
text: coat has fallen back from a naked shoulder. A piece of the
text: broken blade of Judd's dagger protrudes from a bloodless
text: wound in the shoulder. A thin trickle of blood flows from the
text: corner of her mouth. She scrabbles with her fingers against
text: the hard pavement. Then her fingers relax. She is dead.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK WALL - NIGHT
text: The panther leaps up on the wall and pauses, then leaps,
text: down, bounding across the avenue.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - PARK - NIGHT
text: SHOT of a taxicab speeding along through the fog, with
text: headlights glaring. Suddenly there is a scream of brakes, an
text: impact, a startling scream. The cab pulls to a stop, almost
text: beside the avenue, and the driver gets out. A policeman joins
text: him. They start running back.
text: CLOSE SHOT of the dead panther of the policeman's flashlight.
dialog: We see it in the beam
scene_heading: EXT. PANTHER CAGE - PARK - NIGHT
text: Oliver and Alice come to a little space before the cage. They
text: see a black object lying on the pavement. Quietly and
text: cautiously they cross over to it. Oliver bends down to
text: examine it. Under Irena's fur coat is a black leopard's body,
text: the leg and paw in the same attitude her arm and hand had
text: taken, and the broken blade that had once protruded from
text: Irena's gleaming shoulder is now rooted in the black fur of
dialog: the panther.
text: Oliver looks up at Alice, then gets to his feet, takes her
text: arm, and they start to the walk. Some few foot away, they
text: turn back to look again at the body.
speaker_heading: OLIVER
dialog: (softly )
dialog: Poor Irena.
text: They turn off and walk away, arm in arm. They are lost to
text: view in the foggy luminosity under a street lamp.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
