dialog: by
dialog: Ed Solomon and John August
dialog: current revisions by
dialog: Zak Penn
speaker_heading: EARLY DRAFT
dialog: August 11, 1999
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. THE BIG BLUE SKY - DAY
text: A VIRGIN AIR 747 bursts through the clouds and levels off.
scene_heading: INT. VIRGIN AIR 747 - DAY
text: We move through the FIRST CLASS CABIN. It's the regular
dialog: mix of first class people: OLD MONEY in Gucci enjoying
text: freshly baked cookies, a MILLIONAIRE in jeans and a T-
text: shirt, BUSINESS PEOPLE relaxing after a tough day, and...
dialog: ...a very nervous MAN.
text: Shifty-eyed. Alone in an aisle seat, the emergency row.
text: We hold on him for a moment, but not for too long. Then
dialog: we continue moving into --
speaker_heading: THE COACH SECTION
text: Stopping at the lavatory, the "OCCUPIED" sign switches to
dialog: "VACANT" and...
speaker_heading: JAMES EARL JONES
dialog: (or actually, a James Earl Jones type, who for ease of
dialog: description, we'll simply refer to as James Earl Jones)
text: steps out of the restroom, in full African regalia:
dialog: multi-colored dashiki, mufti (it's a kind of hat), the
text: works. He heads up the aisle towards --
scene_heading: THE FIRST CLASS CABIN
text: Where he is stopped by a --
scene_heading: FLIGHT ATTENDANT
dialog: I'm sorry, sir. This cabin is
dialog: restricted to first cl...
text: Mr. Jones now removes a FIRST CLASS TICKET.
speaker_heading: JAMES EARL JONES
dialog: Is this what you're looking for?
text: She looks at it -- a little confused as to why he's just
text: handing it to her now -- but then she nods. As he passes:
scene_heading: FLIGHT ATTENDANT
dialog: Oh, I'm sorry. Please. Is there
dialog: anything I can get you?
speaker_heading: JAMES EARL JONES
dialog: Scotch, blended. Straight.
text: He continues into the first class cabin and toward --
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 2.
scene_heading: THE FIRST CLASS EMERGENCY ROOM
text: Where he slides in past the nervous, shifty-eyed man (his
text: name is PASQUAL) and sits by the window.
text: After a moment, Pasqual quietly clears his throat and
text: leans, slightly, towards Jones.
speaker_heading: PASQUAL
dialog: (tentatively)
dialog: They say birds can't fly this high.
speaker_heading: JAMES EARL JONES
dialog: They say only angels can.
text: Now Pasqual nods. Nervously begins to remove something
text: from his pocket when they are interrupted by --
scene_heading: FLIGHT ATTENDANT
dialog: Shall I pour your scotch?
speaker_heading: JAMES EARL JONES
dialog: No -- I'll take the bottle. Thank you.
text: She hands him the airplane-sized bottle -- he waves off
text: the glass. She shrugs, leaving...
text: Pasqual to resume what he was doing. Slowly, he removes
text: a roll of Certs. He looks to Jones -- "Well? What about
dialog: your end of the bargain?"
text: From within his dashiki, Jones pulls out a black velvet
text: pouch. He hands it to Pasqual, who opens it to find
text: diamonds. A helluva lot of diamonds. Pasqual smiles.
text: He hands the roll of Certs to Jones. It's not breath
text: candy at all, but a tiny roll of explosives, with a tiny,
text: high-tech triggering mechanism.
speaker_heading: JAMES EARL JONES
dialog: Ah, c-5. The most dangerous
dialog: explosive material ever invented.
dialog: Hard to believe that this little
dialog: contraption could blow up ten city
dialog: blocks.
speaker_heading: PASQUAL
dialog: Be careful with it, huh?
text: Both men smile. Pasqual's very relieved that the deal is
dialog: done.
text: Then suddenly, the lights blink out.
text: Pasqual looks around, nervous. But it's just the in-
text: flight movie beginning. Clouds, and a woman holding a
dialog: torch.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 3.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Columbia Pictures presents... David Spade and Adam
text: Sandler in "BOSOM BUDDIES: THE MOVIE."
text: James Earl Jones shakes his head, rolls his eyes.
speaker_heading: JAMES EARL JONES
dialog: Another movie from an old TV show?
speaker_heading: PASQUAL
dialog: Well, what're you gonna do?
speaker_heading: JAMES EARL JONES
dialog: Walk out.
speaker_heading: PASQUAL
dialog: That's very funny.
text: But James Earl Jones is dead serious.
speaker_heading: JAMES EARL JONES
dialog: No. It isn't.
text: Jones grabs Pascal in a headlock and turns toward the
text: back of the plane, shouting:
speaker_heading: JAMES EARL JONES (CONT'D)
text: EVERYONE! FASTEN YOUR SEAT BELTS!
text: Now Jones does the unthinkable. Holding Pasqual tight,
text: he yanks open the emergency door release.
text: With a RUSH, the cabin decompresses.
text: Panic erupts as air, paper and everything not belted in
text: screams out of the open door, including --
scene_heading: EXT. THE BIG BLUE SKY - FALLING AWAY FROM THE 747 - DAY
text: -- James Earl Jones, still holding Pasqual in a bear hug.
text: They plummet, wind violently tearing at them. Pasqual's
text: frantic SCREAMS doppler quite nicely.
text: DROPPING WITH THEM
text: They continue to fall, gaining speed. Pasqual is
text: terrified, but Jones doesn't seem worried. In fact,
text: casually, he glances at his watch, and then looks --
scene_heading: FAR BELOW THEM - ACROSS THE SKY
text: At the tiny black speck gradually grows larger in the
dialog: distance...
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 4.
scene_heading: CLOSER - ON THAT BLACK SPECK
text: It's a jet helicopter. Its door opens, and now a SKYDIVER leaps
text: out, helmet down, arms back, streaking across the
text: sky in aerodynamic perfection, heading directly towards
speaker_heading: JONES AND PASQUAL
text: who are still plummeting toward the earth at terminal
text: velocity. Jones begins to let go of Pasqual, who SCREAMS
text: and tries to clutch onto him, desperate.
speaker_heading: JAMES EARL JONES
dialog: (over the rushing wind)
text: PULL YOURSELF TOGETHER. WE HAVE
speaker_heading: COMPANY.
speaker_heading: PASQUAL
speaker_heading: WHAT?
text: Suddenly -- WHOMMPPPH!! -- the skydiver spread-eagles,
text: stopping the wild dive directly behind Pasqual, and
text: immediately binds his arms and straps a parachute on him.
text: All three are still free-falling.
text: James Earl Jones nods at the Skydiver who, even under the
text: helmet and goggles, is clearly a beautiful woman.
text: Meet ALEXANDRA "ALEX" MUNDAY, one of Charlie's Angels.
text: She's a sultry bombshell -- a classic femme fatale --
dialog: only she's playing for the good guys.
text: She gives James Earl Jones a wink, then jerks Pasqual's
text: rip cord and -- WHOOMPH. Pasqual's chute deploys. He
text: flies upward, leaving --
text: Alex and James Earl Jones, both still falling. Below the
text: ocean screams up at them. Not much time left.
text: James Earl Jones pulls his belt -- and his mufti flies
text: up. It's actually a tiny drogue chute, deploying his
text: entire dashiki. His outfit hides a parachute rig.
text: Alex pulls her own rip cord and -- WHOOMPH -- her chute
text: unfurls, and now...
text: Alex and James Earl Jones gently float towards --
scene_heading: EXT. THE BIG BLUE SEA - DAY
text: A cigarette boat floats through the choppy water, a
text: gorgeous young woman expertly throttling up the growling
dialog: V-8.
text: Say hello to NATALIE THOMPSON, Charlie's second angel.
text: At a glance, she's the brainy-shy girl next door.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 5.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: But put her behind the wheel of any vehicle, and she's
text: unstoppable.
text: Natalie glances ahead, maneuvering the boat perfectly under
text: Alex, who drops on deck. Alex gathers her chute, then whips off
text: her helmet to give her cascading mane a wild shake.
text: Here comes James Earl Jones. Natalie guns the boat
text: underneath...a perfect catch. Alex helps him with his
text: dashiki-chute, and then all three look up...
text: Here comes Pasqual. Natalie whips the boat around,
text: catching him as he helplessly drops into the seats, still
text: bound, still scared out of his wits. He gapes wild-eyed
text: at the two Angels, then whirls on James Earl Jones.
speaker_heading: PASQUAL
dialog: You crazy bastard!
speaker_heading: JAMES EARL JONES
dialog: I think you mean crazy bitch.
text: With that, James Earl Jones reaches up and pulls his face
text: off. Latex rips free, and standing there (without his
dialog: dashiki, James Earl Jones has a great figure) is...
text: ... stunningly beautiful DYLAN SANDERS, angel number
dialog: three. She's the wild one.
text: Pasqual's jaw drops as Dylan shakes her hair free, then
text: reaches in her mouth --
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (still with James Earl Jones' voice)
dialog: Don't need this anymore.
text: -- and extracts a voice-modifying chip.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (now in her real voice)
dialog: But I sure could use this.
text: And she pulls from her pocket the airplane-size bottle of
text: Johnnie Walker Black. She twists it open and downs it.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Damn I hate to fly.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH DOCK - DAY
text: Now, MEN IN "FBI" WINDBREAKERS haul Pasqual away, two of
text: them carefully handling the certs-explosive. A harmless
text: fellow pushes his way past them and onto the dock.
text: It's JOHN BOSLEY, Charlie's lieutenant.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 6.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He reaches the boat, which Natalie ties off while Alex
text: and Dylan neatly fold their parachutes.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: Well, Angels, the experimental
text: explosives are back in the hands of
dialog: the government, and the free world
dialog: can breathe just a lit-tle bit
dialog: easier tonight, thanks to you three.
text: Alex, Natalie and Dylan stroll from the dock onto the sand,
text: each starting to unzip/unbutton/unsnap their action gear and
text: hand it to Bosley as they continue walking.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: And thanks to you, too, Bos.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: We couldn't have redirected the
dialog: flight path without your help.
text: Bosley puffs, proud. He speaks over the ever-growing
text: pile of chutes, body suits, goggles, the dashiki...
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: Nothing a little teamwork can't do.
dialog: At least, that's what Charlie's
dialog: always telling us, right ladies?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Charlie will be joining us, won't he?
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
text: He sends his regrets. But he
dialog: wanted you to know that dinner is
dialog: on him, so feel free to celebrate.
text: By now, the Angels have stripped off all of their
text: equipment, revealing eye-popping evening gowns.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: If it's on Charlie, we will.
text: The Angels share a laugh as they arrive in their sassy
text: duds at a private beach club, where a WAITER greets them
text: with a tray of champagne flutes.
text: They each take a glass, turn to each other and raise
text: them. Another Angels Mystery... Case Closed.
text: FREEZE FRAME. And the TITLE SEQUENCE BEGINS...
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (V.O.)
dialog: Once upon a time...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 7.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: THREE FOURTH GRADE SCHOOL PHOTOS FILL THE FRAME, side by
text: side by side. These are three very different girls.
text: NATALIE, with a page-boy cut and wearing a Catholic
text: schoolgirl's uniform, sports glasses and braces; a bit
text: awkward and gangly, even shy.
text: ALEX, formally dressed with perfect pig-tails, is
text: sophisticated and self-possessed; a class act, even at ten.
text: DYLAN, wild blond hair and faded T-shirt, has a jaded,
text: street-wise smirk; even at this young age, her isolation
text: and disillusionment are masked by seeming confidence.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: ... there were three very
dialog: different little girls.
text: The triptych remains on screen. Now it shifts into:
scene_heading: VIDEO TAPE - THE THREE GIRLS (STILL IN TRIPTYCH)
text: Now TEENAGERS, on HOME VIDEO.
text: NATALIE, working the A-V equipment at school, hides her
text: face in embarrassment, uncomfortable with the camera.
speaker_heading: FREEZE.
text: ALEX, in riding gear, accepting her steeple-chase trophy.
text: She knows where to look for the camera. FREEZE.
text: DYLAN, smoking with her tough-girl friends in the girls'
text: room of her reform school, is caught on camera. She
text: flips it off. FREEZE.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Who grew up into three very
dialog: different women.
scene_heading: TRIPTYCH CONTINUES
text: They're all WOMEN now, in their early twenties.
text: NATALIE, a research fellow at MIT (and beautiful, but not
text: flaunting it) demonstrates a chess-playing computer
text: program to a room of impressed advisors.
text: ALEX, valedictorian at Oxford, passionately delivers her
text: address to a crowd of rapt students, faculty and parents.
text: DYLAN, in leather and a helmet, steps off a Harley. She
text: sees a punk with a mohawk slapping around his girlfriend.
text: She decks him, then enters the back door of a seedy punk bar.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: With three things in common...
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 8.
speaker_heading: TRIPTYCH ENDS
text: With photographs again. The women, as they are now:
text: Natalie, Alex, Dylan. All gorgeous, all self-assured.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: They're brilliant. They're
dialog: beautiful. And they work for me.
text: Now, FIREBALL EXPLOSIONS completely fill the screen.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (CONT'D)
dialog: My name is Charlie.
text: ANGEL SILHOUETTES appear, in flames. New MUSIC kicks in.
scene_heading: "CHARLIE'S ANGELS"
text: ...And a new title sequence takes over:
scene_heading: VARIOUS SHOTS: MONTAGE (OVER MUSIC)
text: Credits continue as we watch the Angels in action (from,
dialog: presumably, previous adventures...)
text: -- A microscope-peering Natalie cuts a ruby, drops it in
text: a laser housing, shoots a red beam.
text: -- Dylan, wielding kendo sticks, spars with two Yakzuza.
text: -- Alex side-kicks two baddies, spins, drops a third.
text: ZOOM BACK: she is at the Parthenon.
text: -- A motocross race. Natalie digs in for the finish,
text: attacking the last jump with gusto.
text: -- Dylan, in traditional Islamic robes, finds a secret
text: switch. She pushes back a bookcase to reveal secret stairs.
text: -- At a ballroom dance competition, Alex wows the crowd
text: while keeping her eye on a nefarious couple.
text: -- Bosley, as "Luka, the Bad Ass Pimp," bitch-slaps a
text: couple of "ho's" -- actually Dylan and Alex -- then winks
text: at them as unsuspecting drug dealers back off, scared.
text: -- Natalie bites into a messy hot-dog, has to just laugh.
text: -- The three angels elbow their way through a roller-
dialog: derby match.
text: -- In orange prison jumpsuits, Alex and Dylan work in
dialog: female chain-gang.
text: -- Window-washer Natalie peers into a skyscraper office,
text: surreptitiously photographing the meeting inside.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 9.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: -- On an Italian street, the three Angels buy a paper,
text: grin at the headline, "Mystery Women Save European
text: Union." As they high-five, Dylan's cone of gelato drops
text: to the sidewalk. The Angels look at it, look at each
dialog: other...and just have to laugh.
scene_heading: TITLE SEQUENCE ENDS.
text: OVER BLACK we hear a DIGITAL RING...
scene_heading: INT. TINY HOUSEBOAT BEDROOM - DAY
text: CLOSE ON Dylan as she wakes up in a tangle of ugly
text: sheets, disoriented and a bit hungover. She hears the
dialog: RINGING -- where is it coming from? Why is it drilling
dialog: into her head?
text: Checking the floor, she finds her jeans. Digs in the
text: pocket to find her cell phone. Answering...
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Hi.
dialog: (recognizing voice)
dialog: Hi. Okay. I'll be right in.
text: She clicks the phone off, then starts looking around.
dialog: Where the fuck is she?
text: From the next room, we hear a male VOICE singing "My
text: Sharona." She checks under the sheets. Oh God. She's
text: naked. She pulls her shirt from the floor, puts it on.
text: Closing her eyes, she prays...
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Not him. Not him, not him, not him.
speaker_heading: THE VOICE
dialog: 'Morning starfish.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Oh God no.
text: At the door, skinny shirtless CHAD holds a skillet of eggs.
speaker_heading: CHAD
dialog: Hungry?
scene_heading: EXT. CHAD'S CRAPPY BOAT - DAY
text: Blinded by the daylight, Dylan emerges from below,
text: relieved to see the boat is docked. Chad follows her
text: outside, pleading...
speaker_heading: CHAD
dialog: C'mon Dylan. You + Me. It's
dialog: magic.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: It's a mistake. A horrible,
dialog: horrible mistake.
text: She jumps onto the dock.
speaker_heading: CHAD
dialog: Then how come we keep getting back
dialog: together? It's fate.
text: Dylan just keeps walking.
speaker_heading: CHAD
dialog: (yelling after)
dialog: Is it because I live on a boat?
speaker_heading: WHIP TO:
scene_heading: CLOSEUP - MAN'S FACE
dialog: This is Jason Gibbons, handsome, action-movie stud. He's
text: concentrating fiercely.
speaker_heading: ALEX (O.S.)
dialog: If you don't defuse this bomb,
dialog: Logan, L.A.'s going to be a new
dialog: underwater attraction.
text: A bead of sweat drops down Jason's face.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Get off my back, Sanchez. I know
dialog: what I'm doing.
text: REVEAL ALEX, her face right next to his.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Which wire? The red one or the blue one?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Marix has a thing for red. Red
text: cars, red boats, red-headed hookers.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: So the red one.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: That's why I'm gonna say blue.
text: He makes a "snip" motion. They both breathe a sigh of relief.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You saved the world again, Logan.
text: She leans forward, closer and closer, right in his face.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 11.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: That's my job.
text: Alex kisses him. It's a damn good kiss. Jason's into
text: it, but pulls away for a second.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't think Sanchez would kiss
dialog: me. He's a forty-year-old man.
dialog: Pull back to reveal...
text: ALEX and JASON are in a fully macked out Airstream,
text: sitting on a bed, leaning over an open screenplay. We
dialog: can tell from our surroundings that Jason is a big deal
dialog: Hollywood action star, and this trailer is his home away
dialog: from home.
text: She licks the bridge of his nose, then kisses him again.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Let's have it rewritten.
text: As she smiLes, a cell phone RINGS. Both Alex and Jason
text: reach for their phones. It's hers.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello?
scene_heading: EXT. JASON'S AIRSTREAM - DAY
text: Jason stands in the doorway in his robe as Alex tosses
text: her stuff in the back of a very excellent car.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: So when you coming back?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Not sure. Whenever I can. I'll
dialog: call you.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Oh, great, that's helpful.
dialog: (watching her prepare to go)
dialog: I don't get it, what kind of
dialog: executive assistant is on 24 hour call?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: A very good one.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: You ask me, your boss is an asshole.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: When do I get to meet this Charlie
dialog: guy, anyway?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Charlie's not very social.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yeah, well I think you should
dialog: quit.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Charlie needs me.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I need you.
text: Alex looks back -- that was more personally revealing
dialog: than she expected.
text: A P.A. comes up next to Jason.
dialog: P.A.
dialog: Mr. Gibbons? We're ready for you
text: on the set.
text: Jason nods, then back to Alex.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: I gotta go save the world.
text: Alex smiles at the irony of that.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: My hero.
text: She blows him a kiss and speeds off.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH APARTMENT WALKWAY - DAY
text: Natalie KNOCKS on the door to 113. A beat later, the
text: door swings open to reveal BOB.
text: Natalie SCREAMS in astonishment.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (freaked)
dialog: What! Natalie, what?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I thought you were dead.
text: She pushes past him.
scene_heading: INT. BOB'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Natalie makes a beeline for his keys on the table.
text: Starts taking one key off the ring.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I thought the police might be here.
dialog: Or your neighbors. Or your parents,
dialog: here to identify your remains.
text: He has no idea what she's talking about. She goes to
dialog: THE BATHROOM,
text: where she retrieves a toothbrush.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I saw your car was here, so I knew
dialog: you weren't carjacked and brutally
text: beaten, left to die on the highway.
text: Her cell phone RINGS.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I'm not...
text: She holds up a finger, just a sec.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (answering phone)
dialog: Hello. Absolutely. I'll be right in.
text: She hangs up.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I'm not dead.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: But you can understand why I
dialog: thought so. You missed our date
dialog: last night. You didn't call or
dialog: anything. I was just sitting
dialog: there by myself.
text: ANGLE ON Bob. What can he say?
speaker_heading: NATALIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I can tolerate a lot, but punctuality
dialog: and attendance, those rank very high
dialog: in my list of dating priorities.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I can explain.
text: Behind Natalie, a door opens. A topless BLONDE looks out.
speaker_heading: BLONDE
dialog: Bobby?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (to Natalie)
dialog: I can explain.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Behind the Blonde, ISAAC HAYES looks out. He's also topless.
speaker_heading: ISAAC HAYES
dialog: Bobby?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Damn.
text: Beyond weirded out, Natalie just leaves.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SUNSET BOULEVARD - DAY
text: Passing cars reveal the one and only CHARLES TOWNSEND
text: DETECTIVE AGENCY. That's what the sign says.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLES TOWNSEND DETECTIVE AGENCY - DAY
text: In foreground, a blender WHIRRS. Still hungover, Dylan
text: cringes from the sound. Natalie pours out three fruit
dialog: smoothies for the angels.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Just once, I want to date a normal
dialog: man, without a wife, or a drug
dialog: addiction, or bondage issues.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Here here.
text: She and Natalie toast. Alex is only half-in. Off their look...
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: What? I've got a great relationship.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Your boyfriend thinks you're a
dialog: secretary.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: That way, he doesn't ask about my work.
text: Bosley walks in with a folder. He eyes their drinks.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I'm sorry, Bosley. I only made
dialog: enough for three.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: No, that's...That's okay.
text: It's not okay, but that's our Bosley. He takes his seat
text: behind his desk. Now we see the biggest addition to the
text: office, the Angels Wall of Fame.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Pictures of every angel, from the original cast members to some
dialog: fictitious ones we've never seen before. The rest of the office
dialog: is exactly as we remember it, right down to the
scene_heading: SPEAKERPHONE.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S VOICE
dialog: Good morning, Angels.
speaker_heading: ANGELS
dialog: (sing-songy)
dialog: Good morning, Charlie.
text: The angels take a seat on couches and chairs.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S VOICE
dialog: I'm sorry to call you back from
dialog: vacation, but we've got a case
dialog: that just can't wait.
text: As he's talking, the far blinds close themselves. A white
text: screen lowers from the ceiling, ready to catch the
speaker_heading: projected VIDEO:
text: A handsome MAN IN HIS 20'S in a CNN profile. The sound is
text: muted, be we see him attending a gala; in an office surrounded
text: by computers; rock climbing; smiling in a sit-down interview.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Meet Eric Knox.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: He's cute.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: He is.
dialog: Oops, did Bosley say that out loud?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S VOICE
text: He's 28-years old, and in three days
dialog: he'll be a billionaire, when his
text: company, Knox Technologies, goes public.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: It's good to be him.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: So what's the catch?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S VOICE
dialog: Last night, Knox was kidnapped
text: from his own office.
text: ON VIDEO: Surveillance camera footage of a parking
text: garage. Two MEN IN HOODS shove Knox into black car.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Any ransom?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S VOICE
dialog: No one's heard a thing from the
dialog: kidnappers.
speaker_heading: A WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: They don't want money. They just
dialog: want to sink our company.
text: A striking WOMAN IN A SUIT stands in the doorway.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S VOICE
dialog: Angels, meet Vivian Wu, vice
dialog: president of finance for Knox
dialog: Technologies. She's hired us to
dialog: find Knox.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN WU
dialog: (entering)
dialog: The initial public offering is in
dialog: three days. If we don't get Mr.
dialog: Knox back, or if word gets out
dialog: that he's missing, the company
text: stands to lose a billion dollars.
text: She seems to direct this next sentence right to Natalie.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN WU (CONT'D)
dialog: We need your help.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Charlie, where do we start?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S VOICE
dialog: Alex, I want you and Bosley to
dialog: stake out Roger Corwin.
text: Bosley is excited to hear his name mentioned.
text: ON VIDEO: Roger Corwin. He's an unpleasant-looking man,
text: who's even nastier when he tries to smile. We see logos
dialog: for his company, Red Star Systems
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: For the past year, he's been
dialog: trying to buy Knox's company and
dialog: their new browser software. Knox
dialog: refused to sell. His company, Red
dialog: Start Systems, has the most to
text: gain from Knox's disappearance.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Kidnap the founder and you sink
dialog: the company.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 17.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S VOICE
dialog: Exactly, Alex. Let's keep our eyes
dialog: on Mr. Corwin, Angels. If Knox is
dialog: still alive, Corwin might lead us
dialog: to him.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: We're on it.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Any chance you can join us,
dialog: Charlie?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S POV
text: We see his chalky fingers grabbing into a hand hold.
text: We're halfway up the face of Yosemite's El Capitan -- the
text: ground is hundreds of feet below.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (O.S.)
dialog: I'd love to, angels, but I've got
dialog: my hands full this morning.
text: Two beautiful and buxomly CLIMBING BUDDIES smile at him.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PALM SPRINGS SPA - DAY
dialog: Establishing...
scene_heading: EXT. SPA DECK / OUTSIDE WALKWAY - DAY
dialog: Built into the Palm Springs Hills, this very exclusive
text: spa has a fantastic view of the desert.
text: Dressed in a crisp spa uniform, Alex has a sidebar with a
text: white-robed Bosley. She shows him a tiny electronic
text: device shaped like a bullet.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: This is a transmitter. I'll be
dialog: able to hear everything you say.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: Where do I hide it?
dialog: (leaning close)
dialog: I'll be nude.
text: Alex takes a plastic cup, drops the transmitter into it.
text: Covers it over with ice chips from a nearby bucket.
text: Bosley nods, clever.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Try to get Corwin to talk about
dialog: the industry, Knox, anything.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: Understood.
text: She points him in the direction of the men's spa. But he's
text: frozen with excitement.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm going undercover.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I know. You'll do great.
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S STEAM ROOM - DAY
text: A burst of steam clears, revealing Bosley. He waddles forward
text: in his shower clogs, which SQUISH with every step. He's wearing
text: two towels: one around his waist, and a second around his
dialog: chest.
text: As more steam dissipates, we see there are SEVEN MEN sitting on
text: the risers. Six are gorgeous, ranging from Calvin Klein models
text: to Marlboro Men. Bosley looks around, taking a keen interest.
text: Maybe he's checking them out, maybe he isn't. We just don't
dialog: know.
text: The seventh man is ROGER CORWIN, who we recognize from
text: the videotape. He's leaning forward, a gold chain
text: dangling. It's beside him that Bosley takes a seat.
text: He sets the ice cup -- and the transmitter -- in a
dialog: strategic location.
text: Noticing that none of the other men have towels around
text: their bosoms, Bosley nervously undoes his, revealing skin
text: the color of cooked salmon. He fluffs up his sparse chest hair,
text: then decides to smush it back down.
text: He tries to make eye contact with Corwin, working way too
text: hard. Annoyed, Corwin finally looks over.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: Hot in here, isn't it?
text: Corwin shakes his head, idiot.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Just came here to unwind a little.
dialog: Business these days is go go go. My
dialog: company just held an initial pubic offering.
text: Yes, he said "pubic." He's about to correct himself when
text: a very hot guy across from him moves his towel to wipe off
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: some sweat. We don't see the promised land, but Bosley
text: does. It flusters him.
text: He sees another guy eating ice chips. Good idea. Bosley
text: does the same. He eats another. And another.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (re-composed)
dialog: So, what business are you in?
text: Corwin seems wary, but Bosley is clearly harmless.
speaker_heading: CORWIN
dialog: Computers. Software.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: Computers, hunh? What do you know
dialog: about this new browser from Knox
dialog: Technologies?
text: Corwin bristles at the mention.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Word on the street is, once they
dialog: raise capital, they'll rule the
dialog: industry.
speaker_heading: CORWIN
dialog: I don't see that happening.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: Really? Why not?
text: The door opens, a rush of steam. ADONIS HIMSELF enters.
text: Picking a seat behind Bosley, he pulls off his towel as
text: he passes. We just see a bit of ass, but Bosley is face-
text: to-face with the babymaker.
text: One ice chip is not going to do it. He chugs the rest of
dialog: his cup, including
speaker_heading: THE TRANSMITTER
text: which BLEEPS. Corwin and others look over. What the hell
dialog: was that?
text: The device still in his mouth, Bosley has no choice but to
text: smile and swallow. His eyes go wide as he chokes it down.
text: Corwin gets up to leave.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Nice talking with you.
text: Another BLEEP. He shuts his mouth tight. Smiles. Rubs
text: his chest a bit, trying to get the transmitter down.
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 20.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE MASSAGE ROOM - DAY
text: Corwin walks into a lushly-appointed private massage
text: room. A masseuse dressed in a skimpy robe, her back to
text: us, oils up her hands sensuously near the window.
speaker_heading: MASSEUSE
dialog: (German accent)
dialog: Please to take off clothes, Mr. Corvin.
text: Corwin gets under the sheet, on his stomach. The
text: masseuse turns around, and now we see that it's Alex.
text: Alex starts to work on his back. She is clearly an
dialog: expert at this. This is a legit place, but there's
text: something undeniably sensual about the whole experience.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You're carrying a lot of tension
dialog: along ze fourth und fifth vertebrae.
dialog: Let me see if I can vork it out.
text: Under the table, we look up to see Corwin's face in the
text: cradle. He's in a tortured rapture.
text: Alex works along Corwin's back and neck. She pulls his
text: arms out to the side.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
text: The human body is an amazing instrument.
dialog: Just by activating ze right energy
dialog: points, you can improve ze circulation,
dialog: alleviate pain, or...
text: Corwin goes limp.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: (losing the accent)
text: ... knock a man unconscious.
text: Confident Corwin is out cold, she slides the key strap
text: off his wrist.
scene_heading: INT. EXECUTIVE LOCKER ROOM - DAY
text: Making sure she's alone, Alex uses the key to open a
text: locker. She carefully sorts through Corwin's things,
text: finding his Palm Pilot organizer. She clicks it into a
text: special device, which BLIPS as it downloads all his
dialog: information.
text: Putting the Palm Pilot away, she shuts the locker.
scene_heading: INT. MASSAGE ROOM - DAY
text: CLOSE ON Corwin as he suddenly wakes up, disoriented.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Just when we think Alex's plan has failed, we TILT UP to
text: see Alex is right there. She's massaging him.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You must have dozed off.
text: A beat. Yeah, he must have. A patented ANGELS FLIP
dialog: leads us to...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NATALIE'S EXCELLENT CONVERTIBLE - DAY
text: The Angels are all in the car together, cruising down
text: Sunset Boulevard. Dylan drives, Alex in the passenger seat,
text: Natalie in the back seat with her computer on her lap.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Can you not drive my car so fast,
dialog: Dyl? I'm trying to type.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (to Alex, under her breath)
dialog: I drive too fast. Look who's talking.
text: She pulls into an In N' Out Burger, right up to the drive thru.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
text: Three double doubles, animal style.
text: Fries. Three chocolate shakes.
text: While they wait for their order, Natalie punches
text: something up on her computer.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Here's Corwin's itinerary.
text: ONSCREEN -- we see a list of all Corwin's plans for the
text: next week. Two events in particular stand out:
scene_heading: TUESDAY NIGHT -- INVESTOR RECEPTION, BILTMORE HOTEL
scene_heading: THURSDAY -- SAN DIEGO RACEWAY
text: Dylan glances over the schedule.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Alright, we'll hit the reception tonight.
dialog: I only wish we had a clue to go on.
text: The food comes, Dylan takes it.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Hold that thought.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Natalie goes back to the computer again, slipping a CD
text: into the drive. Dylan hands out the food, spilling a lot
text: of it. A big glop of chocolate shake lands on the
dialog: keyboard.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Uh, hello? Expensive equipment.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Sorry.
text: Natalie licks the shake off her fingers, tapes away at
text: the keyboard.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Check this out. New program I just
dialog: got from a friend in the Bureau. We
dialog: take that footage from the kidnapping...
text: On screen, the footage downloads from the CD, into the
text: program. Natalie fast forwards through it until she
text: comes to a shot of one of the kidnappers where his mask
text: is partly pulled away from his face.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (CONT'D)
dialog: ... isolate the part of the suspect's
text: face that's revealed, then retriangulate
dialog: his bone structure...
text: The program zooms in on the revealed part of his face,
text: then runs a series of calculations. A new drawing starts
dialog: to appear.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (CONT'D)
dialog: ... and voila! We've got a composite.
text: Natalie's portable printer spits out a simulated
text: composite of one skinny, bad-looking dude. Dylan grabs
text: it, looks it over.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Sweet. Now we've got someone to
dialog: look for.
text: She hands it to Alex to inspect.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Oh yeah. He'll be easy to spot
text: with that open head wound.
text: She turns the composite around, revealing that Dylan has
text: smudged his head with ketchup.
text: They all just have to laugh.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 23.
scene_heading: INT. BILTMORE BALLROOM - DAY
text: A sophisticated reception is in full swing, an ocean of
dialog: smart suits and power ties.
text: Dressed as a catering waitress, Natalie carries a tray of
text: hors d'oeuvres. MOVING WITH her, we pass ROGER CORWIN, who
text: talks with another suit, and further on, a conservatively-
text: dressed DYLAN who chats up a group of WALL STREET TYPES.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: The average investor sees technology
dialog: stocks as discrete entities, "This one is
dialog: up 50 points, this one is down 10." It's
dialog: only through derivative analysis that one
dialog: sees the real power of that sector.
text: A few nods. She makes a good point.
speaker_heading: BROKER GUY
dialog: Which analysis method do you prefer?
text: On Dylan. Shit. She tries to stall...
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Well, there are so many options.
dialog: I mean, who can say what the one
dialog: best choice is?
scene_heading: ACROSS THE ROOM
text: Still walking, Natalie talks to no one...
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Keppler-Wilson.
scene_heading: BACK WITH DYLAN
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: For my money, Keppler-Wilson is a
dialog: strong choice.
text: More nods, ad-libbed agreement. The Broker Guy is impressed.
text: Excusing herself, Dylan turns and subtly touches her ear,
text: where she's wearing a hidden radio.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: AT THE BAR
text: Natalie loads champagne flutes onto her tray.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Anytime.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Anytime what?
text: She looks up to see a very cute bartender, PETE (26).
text: She didn't realize he was so close.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (covering)
dialog: Anytime, day or night, I am... excited
dialog: ... to be handing out champagne.
text: Oh God. What did she just say? But he smiles anyway.
text: She heads back out into the crowd. You can almost see
text: the big L on her forehead.
scene_heading: BY THE FOUNTAIN
text: Dylan has been watching this. We INTERCUT between her
dialog: and Natalie.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: He's cute.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I'm working.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Sixty-five percent of relationships
text: begin in the workplace.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: He's a bartender. I need dependable.
dialog: I need reliable. I need a Volvo man.
text: Natalie walks past Dylan, not acknowledging her. Dylan
text: snaps her fingers.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Miss! Miss! I'd love some champagne.
text: Natalie comes back, a little annoyed. Dylan takes a
text: glass for herself, then foists the other glasses on
text: everyone around her, whether they wanted it or not.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Natalie)
dialog: Why don't you get some more?
text: She nudges Natalie in that direction.
speaker_heading: AT THE BAR
text: We TILT UP from a Japanese comic book to Pete. He
text: suddenly realizes Natalie is waiting for him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Sorry.
text: He starts filling more flutes.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: What are you reading?
text: He holds it up.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (CONT'D)
dialog: That's the new Michio Kazura.
dialog: That's not even out in America.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: You know Michio Kazura?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Hello? Warriors of the Broken Earth? Classic.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I know. I just moved back from
dialog: Tokyo. It was the biggest thing
dialog: since Haikiri Nomura.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Tomuru nasgawa ishi Tokyo sen!
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Nagada quing-gong ni. Ni zeru.
text: Imagine that. Natalie takes her tray and reluctantly
text: heads off.
speaker_heading: ON DYLAN
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Ask him out. Ask him out.
speaker_heading: ON NATALIE
text: She turns and heads back.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I'm Natalie.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Pete. Good to meet you.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Listen, there's an animation festival
dialog: at the Egyptian this week. I was
dialog: wondering if you might want to...
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Tomorrow night? Eight o'clock?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I'll meet you there.
speaker_heading: ON DYLAN
text: She smiles, hearing the deal close. Pushing through a
text: cluster of investors, she bumps into a THIN MAN.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Pardon me.
text: He doesn't respond, but something about this man raises
text: her suspicions. Where has she seen him before? As he
text: moves out of earshot...
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
text: Natalie. Nine o'clock. Thin man.
speaker_heading: ON NATALIE
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I'm on it.
text: Spotting the Thin Man, she heads his way.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (offering)
dialog: Vegetarian spring roll?
text: He waves her away, no. Oops, she drops a napkin in front
text: of him. She kneels down to get it.
text: As we move in VERY CLOSE ON her tray, we see that there's
text: a tiny Digital display. A metal detector is built into
dialog: the rim.
text: It BLIPS as she moves past his ankle. And again as she
text: rises up past his chest. The man just keeps walking.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to earpiece)
text: Two guns. One ankle, one shoulder.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: You call it.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: You take point. I'll circle behind.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Copy.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: The Thin Man is headed down the hall. Looking back, we
text: see Dylan enter from the ballroom.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 27.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Excuse me?
text: He doesn't turn back.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Excuse me, do you know which way
dialog: the ladies' room is?
text: The man takes a sudden right into a service hallway.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Why do they always run?
text: She slips off her heels to give chase.
scene_heading: INT. SERVICE HALLWAY - DAY
text: The Thin Man comes around the corner. We stay TIGHT on
text: him, until he suddenly stops.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
text: has come around from the other side. His bad guy instincts
text: tell him these women are working together. He's boxed in.
dialog: And then, a DING!
text: Elevator doors open beside him. He looks in to see the clue-
text: less BELLBOY, who had a funky groove going on his headphones.
text: In a single motion, the Thin Man yanks the guy out into the
text: hallway and takes his place. Hits the button.
text: From opposite directions, Natalie and Dylan run to the
text: elevator, but the doors have already shut. Checking the
dialog: panel.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
text: He's going down.
text: They take the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT SERVICE HALLWAY - DAY
text: Natalie and Dylan emerge from the staircase to find the
text: elevator empty. To the left, exit doors swing tellingly.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN LOS ANGELES - DAY
text: Nat and Dylan smash through the exit doors and out into
text: the sun-drenched streets of beautiful, downtown Los
text: Angeles. Natalie immediately spots the Thin Man, booking
text: down the alley.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: That way.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: And they take off after him.
text: What ensues is the fastest, wildest, two chicks and one
dialog: guy foot chase you've ever seen. Here are some highlights:
text: -- Thin Man pulls himself, clumsily, over a chain link
text: fence. Dylan and Natalie pull an old Jackie Chan trick
text: and run up the side wall and hop over easily.
text: -- Thin Man, still on foot, waits for traffic to slow,
text: then darts across the Harbor Freeway. By the time Dylan
text: and Natalie get there, traffic is roaring again.
text: Undeterred, they make their way through, tucking and
text: rolling under the wheels of a moving semi.
text: -- Dylan is racing down an alley, when a car comes barrelling
text: at her. She leaps up onto the hood of the car as it drives
text: underneath her, a la one of those That's Incredible! stunts.
text: -- They chase the Thin Man into an industrial laundromat.
text: The scene goes something like this:
scene_heading: INT. INDUSTRIAL LAUNDRY ROOM
text: Thunderously LOUD, with industrial washers and dryers operating
text: at full tilt. Natalie and Dylan are just entering when
speaker_heading: THREE SHOTS
text: ring out. They dive for cover behind a massive washer
dialog: assembly.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: There are times I wish we carried
dialog: guns.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Where's the challenge in that?
text: ANGLE ON the Thin Man, planning his next move. With no
text: good shot at the angels, he aims high, both guns BLAZING.
text: He shots out the pipes over their heads, sending down a
text: cascade of hot water.
text: Dylan and Natalie scramble back to avoid getting scalded.
text: Other pipes SHATTER from the change in pressure, leading
text: to an interior thunderstorm. Steam fills the room as an
text: inch of water grows on the floor.
text: Natalie and Dylan push rolling laundry carts in the Thin
text: Man's direction. He shoots at them, but quickly realizes
text: they're just trying to waste his bullets.
text: Holstering one of his guns, he dials his cell phone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: On the far wall, Natalie switches on the overhead hooks,
text: which circle on a wire like a ski lift. The Thin Man
text: looks up, distracted, not noticing --
speaker_heading: DYLAN
text: As she creeps up behind the cover of the rolling laundry
text: carts. She's succeeded in circling behind the Thin Man
text: as he talks on the phone.
text: She clears her throat. The Thin Man turns. She kicks
text: him in the jaw.
text: Knocked back, he drops the phone, which CRACKS and slips
text: under a washing machine.
text: He crab-walks back, then suddenly springs back to his feet.
dialog: We weren't expecting that kind of ninja move out of this guy.
dialog: HE TURNS TO SEE
speaker_heading: NATALIE
text: right behind him. With a coiled towel, she grabs his gun
text: arm and expertly flips him. But he reacts smoothly, rolling
text: over to charge at Natalie, picking her up like a sack of
text: potatoes. As he does, he grabs her right in the tit.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Hey! Hands off, assh....
text: Before she can finish her sentence, the Thin Man throws
text: Natalie at Dylan, knocking them both down. He jumps up,
text: and with a single motion grabs an overhead pipe and kicks
text: another, releasing a wall of steam -- we can't see a thing.
text: By the time the fog clears, the Thin Man is long gone.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Okay, to summarize? Damn.
text: Lying down in the water, Dylan reaches under the washer
text: to fish out the Thin Man's busted cell phone.
scene_heading: INT. TOWNSEND AGENCY BACK ROOM - DAY
text: Natalie sits at a glowing computer monitor, the Thin
text: Man's cell phone connected by a data cable to the
text: Townsend Agency computers. Rapidly touching the screen,
text: she calls up a list of the last thirty-five phone calls
dialog: he received. They're all from the same location.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: Well. That was easy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: No, it wasn't.
text: She points to some code next to the numbers.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I've seen this before, he's
text: scrambling his calls through a
dialog: secondary location.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: In English?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: We need to tap this phone line
dialog: at the source, THEN we'll know
dialog: where his calls were coming from.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (checking out the numbers)
dialog: 503? That's not local, where is it?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Bos, can we check a directory?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Don't bother. I know where it is.
dialog: I used to spend every winter there.
text: As she says it...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ASPEN - NIGHT
text: The sign says it: Welcome to Aspen.
text: VARIOUS ESTABLISHING SHOTS of the gorgeous mountain town,
text: still somehow quaint despite its astonishing wealth.
scene_heading: EXT. COWBOY BAR -- NIGHT
text: A rowdy establishment just outside of town.
scene_heading: INT. COWBOY BAR -- CONTINUOUS
dialog: The kind of place that rich weekend skiers don't come.
text: Lots of over-aggressive, cowboy-biker types, drinking more
text: than they should. There are only a few women in the place,
text: and they are either waitresses or biker chicks. Suddenly,
text: everyone stops what they're doing and turns to the door.
text: CHARLIE'S ANGELS have entered the room. Dressed in their
text: stylish ensembles, they couldn't possibly look more out of
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Hey look! Mechanical bull.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Eyes on the prize, Nat. We gotta
dialog: tap the phones.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: That looks like our target.
text: She points to a door at the back of the bar that leads
text: into a glassed-in office. Two, beefy bouncer types are guarding
text: the door.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm gonna need a distraction.
text: Dylan and Natalie smile at each other.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I think that can be arranged.
text: The Three Angels split up, Bosley tagging along with Dylan.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
text: sidles up to the bar. A group of three rednecks are
text: downing shots, one after another.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Three shots of tequila, please.
dialog: (Bosley whispers in her ear)
dialog: And one Tom Collins.
text: The rednecks stare at Dylan, drooling. Dylan turns to the first
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: REDNECK
dialog: Hey baby, why don't you ditch that
dialog: stiff and come sit on ma lap?
text: Bosley tries to make himself small.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Ooh, that is an enticing offer.
dialog: But I got a better idea. How
dialog: about a shot contest? My treat?
text: The three rednecks hoot and holler.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, I'll take that as a yes. Bartender?
dialog: Bring ten shots of tequila over to my
dialog: table. And keep em coming.
scene_heading: BY THE MECHANICAL BULL
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A group of wanna bes are waiting their turn at the
text: mechanical bull. Natalie wanders over behind them.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Mind if I try?
text: The crowd parts for her, and Natalie hops up on the bull.
text: She cranks it up, and lets
scene_heading: BY THE BAR --
text: Dylan downs a shot, slams it on the table. Countless
text: other glasses surround her.
text: REVEAL that two of the rednecks are down for the count, one
text: falling out of his chair, the other passed out on the table.
text: The third redneck is slurring badly, trying to keep up
dialog: with Dylan.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Hey, I've got an idea. Now let's
text: have a chair throwing contest.
speaker_heading: REDNECK
dialog: Hunh?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Chair throwing? Never heard of
dialog: it? You just pick up your chair
dialog: and throw it as far as you can.
text: The redneck nods, lifts up his chair and heaves it across
dialog: the bar.
text: OKAY, HERE'S AN OUTLINE OF WHAT WILL HAPPEN IN THE REST OF
speaker_heading: THIS SCENE:
text: Dylan and Natalie create a distraction, while Alex sneaks
text: into the back office with Bosley to get the phone number
text: of the chalet.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH MOUNTAIN ROAD - NIGHT
text: A VW van climbs the winding road. As we get closer, we see the
text: side reads, "Chalet Grams."
text: A DING-DONG DING-DING-DONG doorbell rings.
scene_heading: INT. MOUNTAIN HOUSE / GREAT ROOM - NIGHT
text: TWO THUGS with shoulder holsters look up, hearing the bell.
text: One was tending to the fire.
speaker_heading: THUG ONE
dialog: We expecting somebody?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Thug Two shakes his head.
text: Checking his gun, Thug One grabs for his windbreaker.
text: Puts it on over.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT PORCH - NIGHT
text: Thug One opens the door to find Dylan and Natalie dressed
text: in Swiss Miss outfits, complete with blonde braids.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Guten Tag!
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (correcting Dylan)
dialog: Guten Morgen!
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (correcting Natalie)
dialog: Guten Nacht!
scene_heading: DYLAN AND NATALIE
dialog: (to each other)
dialog: Guten Freund!
text: The girls lean in and hug each other, butts sticking out.
text: To the left, Bosley starts playing oommpa OOMMPA oommpa
text: OOMMPA on a wrap-around tuba. He's wearing lederhosen,
text: with a feather in his hat.
text: Natalie begins to YODEL.
text: Dylan hands a fancy envelope to the bewildered thug. Thug
text: Two is approaching from behind, curious what the hell is
text: going on.
text: Dylan begins to TALK-SING a song in German about a too-
text: curious goat and his worried mistress. Even with the pantomime,
dialog: we have no idea what's happening. It seems
text: wholesome, but occasionally one of the girls touches the
text: other in a weirdly coquettish, oddly sexual way.
text: Thug Two looks at the address on the envelope.
speaker_heading: THUG TWO
dialog: (low)
dialog: They got the wrong address.
speaker_heading: THUG ONE
dialog: Shut up.
text: As the angels continue their routine, the CAMERA RISES,
dialog: three quick cuts to take us to...
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 34.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROOF - NIGHT
text: ... where a black cat-suited Alex stands at the
text: chimney... A ribbon of smoke curls from the stack.
text: Pulling the pin from a canister, she drops it down the
dialog: chimney.
scene_heading: INT. MOUNTAIN HOUSE GREAT ROOM - NIGHT
text: A cheerful fire burns in the over-sized fireplace. The
text: canister drops into the flames from above, suddenly
text: venting a HISSING cloud of halon gas. The fire dies
text: immediately, the logs covered with a violent frost.
scene_heading: INT. THE CHIMNEY - NIGHT
text: Alex doesn't even need a rope. Her feet pressed to the
text: sooty walls, she expertly slides to the bottom.
scene_heading: INT. GREAT ROOM - NIGHT
text: Alex backs out of the fireplace to find a WAITING BAD GUY
dialog: swinging
scene_heading: A FIREPLACE POKER
text: at her head. She ducks just in time. The poker CHINGS
text: against the stone, making a spark.
text: Rolling, jumping and diving, Alex scurries as Pokerman
text: slashes and stabs. She ducks behind a chair, which
text: Pokerman catches with the hook, winging it across the
dialog: room.
text: Backed against the wall, Alex yanks on the heavy
text: curtains, pulling them down, along with the wooden
text: curtain rod. A spin, a flourish of velvet and the
text: curtain rings drop off to leave her with a trusty
dialog: quarterstaff.
text: She goes on the offensive. Thrust, parry, spin.
dialog: But he's a worthy adversary. One good karate kick breaks
text: her staff in two. She uses both pieces to club him in
text: the knees, then rolls back to the fireplace.
text: She grabs the remaining tool: the fireplace tongs.
text: Pokerman swings. Alex catches his weapon in the tong
text: scissors, yanking it free with such force the point sticks
text: in the wall.
text: A quick kick knocks Pokerman to the floor, where Alex
text: rolls on top of him. She catches his head in the tongs,
text: squeezing his temples. His eyes bulge.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Where's Knox?
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 35.
scene_heading: INT. WINDOWLESS ROOM - NIGHT
text: Young billionaire ERIC KNOX paces. He's grungy, with
text: two days of stubble, but still a darn attractive guy.
text: Hearing a KICK at the door, he turns.
text: A second KICK blows the door open. It's Alex.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: ALEX
text: The calvary. Giddy up.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT PORCH - NIGHT
text: Bosley is about to hyper-ventilate on the tuba, sweaty
text: and a little blue.
text: Dylan and Natalie's new song has them sharing the saddle
text: of an imaginary horse. When Dylan reaches back to slap
text: the "horse," she hits Natalie in the rump. Both women
dialog: tee-hee.
dialog: The thugs think it's pretty hot.
text: Dylan whispers a secret to Natalie. Natalie WHISPERS
dialog: back.
text: Turning to the thugs, they each lean in to WHISPER into
text: a different thug's ear. As the men smile, the angels
text: suddenly BONK the two men's heads together. Both men
text: fall, knocked out.
text: Stepping over the bodies, Dylan heads inside.
scene_heading: INT. MOUNTAIN HOUSE HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Looking for the way out, Alex leads Knox to a closed
text: door. She opens it to find...
scene_heading: INT. TV ROOM - NIGHT
text: ... TWO MORE THUGS sitting in front the big-screen TV,
text: watching a college basketball game (Duke vs. Maryland,
text: in case you care.) The guards look back, spotting Alex
dialog: with Knox.
dialog: That wouldn't be so bad, if it weren't for the
scene_heading: FIFTEEN OTHER THUGS
text: watching the game with them.
text: ANGLE ON Alex. It's an oh-shit moment.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Sorry. Wrong room.
dialog: (to Knox)
dialog: Back! Run!
text: The thugs are out of their seats a moment later, each of
text: them pulling out a firearm.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT PORCH - NIGHT
text: Holding down three keys on the tuba, Bosley talks into
text: the mouthpiece. It has a secret radio.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: Alex, what's your status?
scene_heading: INT. STAIRCASE - NIGHT
text: Running, Alex pushes Knox ahead of her, checking their
text: backs. She talks into a wrist-mic.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Good news: I found Knox.
text: Another THUG steps out in front of her. She kicks him
text: down the steps.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: Bad news: I found company.
text: Reaching the bottom of the steps, Knox is surprised to be
text: grabbed by Dylan.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: This way.
dialog: At this point, he'll do whatever they say.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF MOUNTAIN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Dylan rushes Knox across the driveway to the waiting van
text: -- Natalie is pulling it around. Overhead, bright
text: security lights switch on.
text: Back at the front door, Alex pulls it shut. She attaches
text: a carabiner clip to the handle, running a thin steel cord
text: from it around the porch column.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER - NIGHT
text: The first of the thugs reaches the door, tries to pull it
text: open but can't. The next few guards try to help him,
text: while the rest start smashing through the windows.
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 37.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF MOUNTAIN HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Running with the tuba, Bosley stops for a moment to catch
text: his breath, hands on his knees. Okay, ready to run
dialog: again.
text: He's the last to be pulled into the van. A spray of
dialog: gravel and they're off.
scene_heading: INT. THE VAN - NIGHT
text: Everyone is piled on top of each other. Dylan and Knox
text: have a few awkward moments as they get untangled. Bosley
text: keeps making inappropriate TUBA NOISES.
text: At the wheel, Natalie is fierce and focused, in total
dialog: control.
text: Looking out the back windows, Alex sees the kidnappers
text: piling into jeeps to give chase. From the side of the
text: house, more thugs appear on motorbikes.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: They're coming after us.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (to Knox, confident)
dialog: We were expecting that.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Okay, new problem.
text: Everyone's attention WHIPS FORWARD to see the headlights of
scene_heading: GIANT LOGGING TRUCK
text: coming up the high mountain road. It straddles the
text: center line, blocking both directions. There's no way
dialog: around it.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Thoughts, suggestions, points to
dialog: consider?
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: I don't suppose giving up would
dialog: be a...
dialog: No, it wouldn't. Then --
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Right!
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: There is no right.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: There!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She points to a faded "CLOSED" sign that hangs from a
text: chain. In the darkness, who knows what it's blocking.
text: But as we hear the THUNDEROUS HORN from the oncoming
dialog: truck, we know there's no choice.
text: Natalie cuts a hard right, SMASHING through the sign.
text: The van THUMPS AND BUMPS its way across the low grass,
text: its headlights only showing ten feet ahead. At any
text: moment, the ground could stop in a cliff.
dialog: Like now.
text: The van leaps into empty space. Tires spin, helpless.
text: The van falls.
text: Everyone SCREAMS. Bosley is the loudest.
text: And then, touchdown. The van hits the ground, hard but
text: not catastrophically. Natalie hits the brakes, cuts the
dialog: wheel hard to avoid hitting
scene_heading: A CONCRETE WALL
text: in front of them. Everyone takes a beat to acknowledge
dialog: they're alive.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Where are we?
text: Suddenly, a BRIGHT LIGHT goes on overhead.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MOUNTAIN - NIGHT
text: One by one, a series of arc lights switches on, forming a
text: snake all the way to the bottom of the mountain.
scene_heading: INT. THE VAN - NIGHT
text: Looking out the back windows...
speaker_heading: ALEX
text: It's a bobsled run.
text: They're facing backwards.
text: Up ahead, the kidnappers are charging down the access roads.
text: The first of two jeeps makes the jump into the bobsled chute.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: If it goes down the mountain,
dialog: that's all I need.
text: Throwing it into reverse, Natalie peels out.
text: The jeeps follow.
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 39.
scene_heading: EXT. BOBSLED RUN - NIGHT
text: The VW Van leads the way down the mountain, tail-first.
text: As it builds speed, it starts to climb the wall, each turn
text: getting steeper and steeper.
text: The two jeeps are following. Facing the right direction,
dialog: they have a much easier time of it.
scene_heading: INT. VAN - NIGHT
text: Everything is shaking so violently, it looks like a NASA launch.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (looking out the back)
dialog: Hard left! HARD LEFT!
text: Natalie makes the turn. The van rises up, nearly tilting
text: over. But they make it through the turn.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: (to Dylan)
dialog: Is this part of the plan?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Yes. Except for the bobsled run,
dialog: and the backwards part, it's
text: going exactly according to plan.
text: A beat. He smiles at her. He has a nice smile.
scene_heading: EXT. BOBSLED RUN - NIGHT
text: One of the jeeps makes a move, closing the distance to
text: the van. A RIFLEMAN leans out the passenger window,
text: lining up a shot. He FIRES.
scene_heading: INT. THE VAN - NIGHT
text: The shot blasts cleanly through the top of the windshield,
text: through the horn of Bosley's tuba, then out the back window. It
text: missed hitting somebody by millimeters.
text: Natalie is still focused, making each turn as Alex calls it.
scene_heading: EXT. BOBSLED RUN - NIGHT`
text: The front jeep gets even more aggressive, building speed.
text: It hits the next turn too fast, rising up too high along
text: the wall. It tips further, and further, finally rolling
text: over onto its back. It SCRAPES across the concrete, a
text: shower of sparks as it slows down.
text: With nowhere to go, the second jeep brakes hard, but can't stop.
text: It SMASHES into the first jeep, a tangle of steel.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The combined mass continues sliding down the run, like a
text: jagged pinball in the chute.
scene_heading: INT. THE VAN - NIGHT
text: Dylan looks out through the windshield as the jeep combo recedes
text: farther and farther away.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I think we're in the clear.
text: Just then, two MOTORBIKES race up along the chute walls, passing
text: the crippled jeeps. Two more MOTORBIKES jump in from above.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Or maybe not.
text: Suddenly, Natalie GASPS, remembering something.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Oh God, no.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: WHIP CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. EGYPTIAN THEATRE - NIGHT
text: A dejected Pete stands in front of the sign for the anime
text: festival, two tickets in hand.
speaker_heading: WHIP BACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE VAN - NIGHT
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I have a date with Pete. Right now.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Ouch.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: HARD RIGHT!
text: Natalie makes the hard right. The motorcycles are gaining on
text: them, but Natalie and Dylan have to talk through this first.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Call him, he'll totally understand.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: "Gee, sorry Pete. I had to rescue a
dialog: billionaire."
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Hard left!
text: She makes the left.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I'll sound like a flake. I can't
text: stand flakes.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: He will so give you the second chance.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: You think?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Hello, I saw the way he looked at you.
text: One motorcycle charges, coming up just feet from the
text: windshield. Natalie taps on the brakes. The freaked out
text: guy can't slow down in time. He SMACKS into the windshield,
text: then goes flying.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: We're at the bottom!
text: Indeed, we are. The concrete walls end, leaving open ground.
text: Slamming on the brakes, Natalie turns the van around.
text: Everyone goes flying. Bosley is still on the phone with
dialog: Charlie.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE OF THE MOUNTAIN - NIGHT
text: Back facing the right direction, the van charges onward.
text: The motorcycles race up to the passenger side, grabbing
dialog: for the door.
scene_heading: INT. THE VAN - NIGHT
text: Dylan SLAMS open the door, knocking one RIDER off.
text: The sliding door opens, another RIDER outside trying to get
text: in. Thinking fast, Knox grabs Bosley's tuba and shoves it
text: at the motorcyclist, who tumbles, taking out the fourth
text: rider in the process.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (genuinely impressed)
dialog: Well done.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 42.
speaker_heading: HELICOPTER
dialog: thunders over. We are...
scene_heading: INT. THE HELICOPTER - NIGHT
text: Natalie is at the controls, Bosley beside her. Alex leans
text: forward from the second row.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: I think that went very well. Charlie
dialog: should send me on more missions.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: We couldn't have done it without
dialog: you, Bos.
text: Natalie pats him on the arm. She and Alex exchange a quick
text: glance. They have to just laugh.
text: In the back row, Knox is looking out over the gorgeous lights
dialog: of Aspen.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Cocktail?
text: She offers him an airplane-sized bottle of Johnnie Walker
text: black. He takes it and toasts. They both down their drinks
text: in a single shot. A smile, and then...
text: MUSIC rises.
text: THE ANGELS TRIPTYCH descends.
text: The act is over. After a beat, we
scene_heading: WIPE TO REVEAL:
scene_heading: EXT. CHARLES TOWNSEND DETECTIVE AGENCY - DAY
dialog: Re-establishing.
scene_heading: INT. CHARLES TOWNSEND DETECTIVE AGENCY - (THE NEXT) DAY
text: Charlie is on the speakerphone. The angels are in their
text: usual lounging positions.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S VOICE
dialog: Good work, Angels. Not only did you
dialog: save Knox, you saved his company as well.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I think that earns us a vacation.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Say, Fiji?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (to Natalie)
dialog: Any special guy you were thinking
dialog: of inviting?
text: Natalie grins a guilty smile.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S VOICE
dialog: Sorry, Angels. Our work is only
text: half-done.
text: Knox enters. Clean-shaven and neatly pressed, he's still a
text: darn good-looking man. Vivian Wu follows him.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Meet your new client, Eric Knox.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: First off, thank you. You rescued
dialog: me, for which I am eternally grateful.
text: He's talking to all the angels, but his gaze seems to fall
text: most upon Dylan. She notices it.
speaker_heading: KNOX (CONT'D)
dialog: But there's still a problem. Whoever
dialog: kidnapped me wasn't just trying to
dialog: screw up our IPO. They also stole
dialog: the proprietary software for our new
dialog: web browser. I'm sure it was Roger
dialog: Corwin, but I need proof.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S VOICE
dialog: That's where you come in, Angels.
text: CIRCLING AROUND, we see the video images of Corwin and the
text: Red Star Systems logo on the big screen.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: We need to break into Red Star's computer
dialog: systems to see if Mr. Knox's software is
text: indeed being converted for Red Star's use.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Sounds like a plan.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S VOICE
dialog: Not as easy as that, Natalie. Red
dialog: Star's headquarters are as tightly
text: guarded as a military facility.
dialog: We're going to need reconnaissance
text: on their mainframe computer system,
dialog: and the best way to get that is
dialog: through Mr. Corwin himself.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 44.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A video image of Corwin's Palm Pilot Schedule comes up the
text: bigscreen. The shot pulls in close on "SAN DIEGO SPEEDWAY."
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: We need to pin a camera on him to get
text: footage of the inside of the building.
text: Thanks to Alex's work at the health spa,
dialog: we know that Corwin will be at the San
dialog: Diego Speedway on Thursday. Get close to
dialog: him Angels, but don't tip your hand.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Consider it done.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S VOICE
dialog: Dylan, I need you to arrange for Mr.
dialog: Knox's security. I'd hate to have him
dialog: kidnapped again.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Absolutely. But we'd all feel safer
dialog: if you could join us, Charlie.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: From Charlie's P.O.V., looking up at the sunlight. Three
text: manta-rays swim above us.
text: We can hear the BUBBLES from Charlie's regulator.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: I'd love to Angels. But I'm in a
text: bit over my head at the moment.
text: A manta-ray swims past, super-close, letting us...
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. KNOX HOUSE - DUSK
text: A majestic craftsman in the hills, Frank Lloyd Wright meets
dialog: conspicuous consumption.
scene_heading: INT. KNOX HOUSE ATTIC - DUSK
text: A flashlight beam sweeps past, revealing Dylan. With just
text: her shoulders above the rafters, she's checking a dusty
text: crawl space. She finds nothing suspicious.
scene_heading: INT. KNOX'S WALK-IN CLOSET - DUSK
text: Knox stands below, Dylan's boots on his shoulders. The heels
text: dig in a bit, but he's not complaining.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: We're good.
text: He moves to help her down, but she does a reverse-pullup to
text: handle it by herself. She leads the way...
scene_heading: INT. KNOX'S BEDROOM - DUSK
text: The room is huge. Through the floor-to-ceiling windows, we see
dialog: that we're up in the hills.
text: Knox follows her as she walks.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I've got surveillance on all the windows.
dialog: Don't answer the door, don't answer the phone.
dialog: We continue...
scene_heading: INT. KNOX LIVING ROOM - DUSK
text: Just as big, just as beautiful. Knox, or his decorator, has
dialog: great taste. Everything is top quality, but unpretentious.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Also, stay away from the windows.
speaker_heading: KNOX
text: They're bullet-proof. The last
dialog: owner was paranoid.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (a smile)
dialog: Lucky for us.
text: She takes a marker-sized device off the table.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: This is a panic button.
dialog: (tosses it to him)
dialog: Press it and one of us can be here
dialog: in ten minutes.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Which one of you?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Whoever's closest.
text: She takes her jacket off the couch, ready to go.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: I have a better idea.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He tosses her the panic button.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Stay for dinner.
dialog: (preempting objections)
dialog: I'm a pretty good cook.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I can't Mr. Knox. I'm sorry. If you...
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: I'm scared.
text: Dylan is surprised by this.
speaker_heading: KNOX (CONT'D)
dialog: Look, I didn't want to admit it, but I
dialog: am. I was kidnapped once, and it wasn't
dialog: fun. I know, you probably have other
dialog: plans, but it would be very reassuring.
text: Dylan looks him over. Normally, she'd be suspicious, but
text: the guy WAS just kidnapped, and he seems sincere.
speaker_heading: KNOX (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on, don't make me beg. I'm
text: embarrassed already.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Don't be.
text: She throws her coat back on the sofa.
scene_heading: INT. KNOX LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: We PAN OFF a half-played Scrabble game to find Dylan and
text: Knox at the windows. Dylan picks up a family photo, Knox
text: as a little boy with a father in a military uniform.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: That's you, hunh? Cute kid. Cute
dialog: family.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: (taking the photo)
dialog: It's the only picture I have of me with
dialog: my parents. They died a week later.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Oh. Oh, I'm sorry. I had no idea...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Please, don't apologize. I was too
dialog: young to understand.
dialog: (looking at the photo)
dialog: I never knew how they died. When I
dialog: was a kid, when I got shuffled from
dialog: one foster home to another, I always
dialog: thought they just disappeared.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: But...?
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: I only found out later, my father was
dialog: in the military. He and my mother were
dialog: killed while he was on assignment,
text: somewhere in Eastern Europe.
dialog: (mostly to himself)
dialog: The files were classified, but I
dialog: read enough to know that he was a
dialog: good man. Apparently, he was
text: betrayed by one of his own team.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Wow. That's a lot for a kid to live with.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Yeah, but it motivated me, losing my
dialog: family. It still does. I don't take
dialog: anything for granted.
text: Dylan nods.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Boy did I have you pegged wrong.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: (intrigued)
dialog: How do you mean?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Well, to be honest, I thought you
dialog: were a rich kid who inherited
dialog: everything. But that's pretty typical.
dialog: I've got instincts for the job, but
dialog: when it comes to men? Well...
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: I'm glad you don't see me as just a client.
text: He brushes his hand against hers. She brushes back, fingers
text: against fingers. A long beat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Oh. Well, you ARE, so...
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Is there someone you need to be going
dialog: home to?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: No.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But I...
text: He kisses her. After a moment, she breaks off. It's not that
dialog: it was a bad kiss. It was a damn good kiss. It's just...
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I shouldn't.
text: Knox moves towards her.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Shouldn't you?
text: Dylan holds him back.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: No. I shouldn't.
text: She stands up.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank you for dinner, Mr. Knox. And
dialog: lock the door behind me.
text: She gets up and leaves.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: FORMULA-ONE RACE CARS
text: ROARING past on the track. It's all thunder, smoke and
dialog: asphalt. We are...
scene_heading: EXT. SAN DIEGO SPEEDWAY - DAY
text: With a ROAR, another blur of racers whips past, with heat
text: and noise and speed. The lead car bears the familiar
text: markings of RED STAR INDUSTRIES. Roger Corwin is at the
text: wheel, steering calmly to a comfortable lead, when he is
text: suddenly BUMPED.
speaker_heading: CORWIN
dialog: What the...?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 49.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: ANOTHER BUMP sends him screeching to the left. He almost
text: crashes, then gets back on course, just as he's passed by...
text: A SLEEK, BLACK CAR, sponsored by the SONY CORPORATION, and
text: manned by a mysterious driver with TEXAS TORNADO inscripted on
text: the helmet. We follow the black car as it pulls into the pit.
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY PIT - DAY
text: The racer pulls off her helmet as the pit crew surrounds her.
text: Of course, the racer is Natalie, aka BETTY LOU HOBERT, the Texas
dialog: Tornado.
speaker_heading: PIT BOSS
dialog: (yelling over the
dialog: engine noise)
speaker_heading: NICE RACING!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: CAN'T BELIEVE YOU'VE NEVER RACED
text: THIS TRACK BEFORE!
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (Texas accent)
text: BACK WHERE AH'M FROM, WE RACE IN SWAMPS
text: AND BACK ROADS! THIS ALL'S A PIECE A CAKE!
text: Natalie shakes out her hair, winks at the pit boss.
text: The Pit Crew races in to make repairs. DYLAN, dressed in a
text: pit suit, kneels by Natalie's front tire. Natalie crouches
text: down next to her so they can talk.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I nicked him. Should give you
dialog: enough time to do the deed.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I'm on it.
text: Dylan steals away, heading for...
scene_heading: CORWIN'S PIT CREW --
text: Corwin is seething mad as he pulls into his pit.
speaker_heading: CORWIN
text: LET'S GO! WE'RE LOSING TIME HERE!
text: The pit repairs his car as Corwin is approached by another
text: racer, also wearing a Red Star racing suit. He leans into
text: Corwin's car and now we see that's it's... THE THIN MAN.
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: You okay, Boss?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CORWIN
dialog: No thanks to you! You're supposed
dialog: to be my head of security! Who is
dialog: that bitch?!
text: The Thin Man peers over at Natalie, but she's got her
text: back to him.
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: Don't know. I'll keep an eye out.
speaker_heading: CORWIN
dialog: Yeah. You do that.
text: Corwin peels out onto the track again, almost crushing
text: the Thin Man in the process.
scene_heading: AS CORWIN PULLS OUT
text: Dylan sneaks in. In all the cacophony, no one notices
text: as she grabs CORWIN'S SUITCASE out of the back seat of
text: his regular car, a bitching Mercedes. She checks both
text: ways to see if she's being watched.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY (O.S.)
dialog: Coast is clear, Dylan.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE WINNER'S CIRCLE
text: Where Alex, dressed as a trophy girl, watches the race
text: through binoculars and keeps an eye on her pals. She
text: nods to BOSLEY, who is dressed as the Flag Waver. He
text: speaks into a walkie talkie.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: Let's make the switch.
dialog: BACK IN THE PIT --
text: Dylan pulls a briefcase out of her jumpsuit, and swaps
text: it with one in Corwin's car. She carefully switches all
text: his files from the old briefcase to the new one, then
text: gives Alex a thumbs up.
scene_heading: MEANWHILE BACK IN THE RACE --
text: NATALIE roars back onto the track, keeping Corwin in her
text: sights. Then she spots another Red Star car, coming up
text: right next to her. She locks eyes with the Thin Man.
text: The two of them recognize each other at the exact same
dialog: instant.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The Thin Man, realizing he's been made, jams on the
text: brakes and skids off to the right, which leads to a ramp
text: that heads out of the stadium.
text: Natalie, not wanting to lose him, does something crazy.
text: Even though she's at the front of the pack, she brakes
text: hard, swerves into a full 180 degree U-turn, and starts
text: heading the WRONG WAY on the race track.
text: Startled drivers pull off to the left and right as she
text: follows the Thin Man out of the racetrack.
scene_heading: EXT. SPEEDWAY ACCESS ROAD - DAY
text: To a chorus of CAR HORNS, the Thin Man's blue racer weaves
text: through the spectator traffic entering the speedway.
text: Looking back, we see Natalie is gaining on him.
text: Finally clear of the traffic, both cars let it rip.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: HELICOPTER VIDEO FOOTAGE
text: Looking down on a freeway, where a ubiquitous police
text: pursuit is in progress.
speaker_heading: TV ANCHOR VOICE
dialog: If you're just joining us, we're
text: approaching hour five of a pursuit
dialog: that has lead us all across the
text: Southland, at speeds up to 80
dialog: miles an hour.
text: A beat-up gray Chrysler leads a phalanx of police cars
text: down the empty freeway. It's oddly calm and hypnotizing.
scene_heading: FEMALE ANCHOR VOICE
dialog: Chuck, time and again we hear the
dialog: question, "Why don't the police just
text: ram the other car, or shoot out the
dialog: tires?" The LAPD has a policy of
dialog: hanging back and following unless...
text: Suddenly, the blue Formula One car comes screeching past
text: the cops and the suspect, over 200 miles per hour.
speaker_heading: TV ANCHOR VOICE
dialog: What was that?
scene_heading: INT. NATALIE'S RED CAR / ON THE FREEWAY - DAY
text: Still hot on the Thin Man's tail, Natalie has the engine
scene_heading: ROARING.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: As she passes the police cars, we see several OFFICERS
dialog: look over -- what the hell?
text: Natalie catches up to the gray Chrysler. Looks over to
text: see the WILD-EYED SUSPECT, hunched over the wheel.
text: He looks back at her. A beat later, she's passed him,
text: just taillights on the freeway.
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY - DAY
text: With the lanes cleared for the other chase, there is
dialog: nothing preventing the Formula One cars from hitting top
dialog: speed -- which they do.
text: Natalie is catching up to the Thin Man.
text: As they head under an overpass, we see KIDS CHEERING.
scene_heading: INT. BLUE CAR - DAY
text: The Thin Man checks his gauges. The gas dial is perilously
text: close to empty -- these cars are meant to be refilled often.
text: Up ahead, he sees an exit. He starts to slow down...
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY - DAY
dialog: ... but when you're going 200 miles per hour, that can
text: take a while. He misses the exit.
text: Natalie is trying to match his speed.
text: The Thin Man pulls over to the side, stops fully.
text: Braking as hard as she can, Natalie still passes him.
text: The Thin Man throws a U-turn, heading up the freeway on-ramp.
text: Natalie follows.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN DIEGO SHIPYARD - DAY
text: We catch glimpses behind fences and between train cars --
text: the two racers gliding slowly down the narrow roads, like
text: lions pacing.
scene_heading: INT. NATALIE'S RED CAR - DAY
text: Pulling off her helmet, Natalie scans right and left for
text: the blue car -- she's lost sight of him. The narrow
text: windshields of these racers doesn't make it any easier.
scene_heading: EXT. SHIPYARD - DAY
text: We LOOK DOWN on Natalie's car as she rounds a corner,
text: still searching.
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 53.
scene_heading: EXT. PIER - DAY
text: Natalie spots the blue racer reaching the end of the
text: long pier. It pulls a U-turn to face her, then stops,
text: engine idling. There's only way off the pier, and it's
text: past Natalie.
text: The Thin Man REVS his engine.
dialog: Natalie REVS hers.
text: ANGLE ON a white seagull, pecking at something on the
text: pier, halfway between the two racers. The bird looks up,
text: hearing the engines.
text: ANGLE ON the Thin Man. He pulls his harness tighter.
text: REVS his engine higher.
text: ANGLE ON Natalie. If it's a game of chicken he wants,
text: she'll give it to him. She REVS her engine higher still.
text: The noise scares the bird, who suddenly flies off. Like
text: a flag being dropped, that's the signal for both racers
text: to peel out.
text: A cloud of SMOKE. Rubber on asphalt.
text: Already reaching a tremendous speed, the racers are on a
text: collision course. The Thin Man isn't going to turn away.
dialog: Neither is Natalie.
dialog: Racing faster, and faster still, there's only one way
text: this can turn out. But then, at the very last moment,
text: the Thin Man wusses out. He cuts the wheel right,
text: missing Natalie and careening off the edge of the pier.
text: In SLOW MOTION, we watch as his racer hangs in mid-air,
text: wheels still spinning. Back-heavy, the tail hits the
dialog: water first.
text: Natalie brakes hard, cuts the wheel to avoid going off
text: the far end of the pier. She finally stops, the rear
text: tire just 1/4 inch from the edge.
text: CRANING UP along the side of the pier, we find Natalie
text: looking into the water where the blue racer went in.
text: There's just a slick of oil and a steady stream of bubbles.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: VIDEO / CAMERA'S P.O.V.
text: We see lots of hallways, doorways and security locks, all
text: from the POV of a man's hip.
text: The footage is from the camera in the switched briefcase
text: that Corwin is now carrying with him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 54.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: We PULL BACK from the video to see we are actually
dialog: watching it...
scene_heading: INT. CHARLES TOWNSEND AGENCY - DAY
text: ... on the big screen. The angels and Bosley watch the
text: footage, along with Knox and Vivian Wu. Vivian has
text: seated herself close to Natalie. So close, in fact, that
text: Natalie keeps having to shift a few inches.
text: Dylan, meanwhile, sits across the room from Knox,
text: deliberately avoiding eye contact.
text: ON THE BIG SCREEN: As the videocamera passes a room
text: marked with an intimidating warning sign...
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: There!
scene_heading: VIDEO FREEZES.
speaker_heading: KNOX (CONT'D)
dialog: That's the room with the
text: mainframe. Everything at Red Star
dialog: goes through that system.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S VOICE
dialog: So if we want to find proof that
dialog: Red Star stole Knox's technology,
dialog: that's the computer to tap.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Exactly. But they have heavy firewalls
dialog: and encryption. You can't jack in from
dialog: outside. You'll have to physically be
text: in that room to get at the data.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Even if we do get inside, there won't
dialog: be time to search for it. There's got
dialog: to be a hundred terabytes of
dialog: information there. It could take days.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: So you install a transmitter.
text: All eyes go over to Natalie.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (CONT'D)
text: Patch in directly to the relay,
text: broadcast on a high frequency.
dialog: That way, you can have access to
text: the mainframe from the comfort of
dialog: your own home. And they have no
dialog: idea that you can peek inside.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Knox is impressed. The other angels nod. It's a good idea.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN WU
dialog: That's all fine in theory. But you
dialog: still have to get inside that room
dialog: to install it. What about security?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Red Star has a lot of Government
dialog: contracts, so security is tight. Key-
text: card badges throughout. Redundant
text: security at all red-line areas with
text: biometric scanners and weekly keycodes.
dialog: Pervasive video surveillance, lasers,
dialog: air-displacement sensors. Plus a hard-
text: wired fail-safe at the relay to prevent
dialog: exactly this kind of tapping.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN WU
dialog: It sounds impossible.
text: Alex checks with her fellow angels. They're in agreement.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: It sounds like fun.
text: With a subtle RUSH, we move into a stylized MONTAGE that
text: shows How They Do It. It features WHIP PANS, FREEZE
text: FRAMES and ZOOMS to show us only the highlights.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (V.O.)
text: Only the two directors can disengage the
dialog: fail-safe. We have to get their keys.
speaker_heading: WHIP CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NUDE NUDE NUDE GIRLS - DAY
text: ANGLE ON DIRECTOR #1, 40's, part of the lunchtime crowd.
text: Alex and Natalie are on the catwalk, in the middle of a
text: grinding routine. Paying for his drink, he fumbles with
text: his wallet. His waitress helps him find the right bill.
text: As she walks away, we see the waitress is Dylan. FREEZE FRAME.
text: We ZOOM IN on the orange key-card she's grabbed from him.
scene_heading: EXT. BACK YARD BIRTHDAY PART - DAY
text: ANGLE ON Bosley, done up in full clown makeup. He tries
text: to twist a balloon animal, but no luck. Finally it POPS.
text: The CHILDREN CRY.
text: Entertaining the ADULTS, magician Alex whips open her silk
text: handkerchief to reveal that the "item" has disappeared.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 56.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: ANGLE ON DIRECTOR #2, who looks very worried. Magician's
text: assistant Dylan takes off her giant hat to reveal the director's
text: billfold is underneath. Getting it back, he's
dialog: relieved.
text: Passing behind Dylan, Natalie takes the orange keycard
text: Dylan hands off. FREEZE FRAME. ZOOM IN.
speaker_heading: ALEX (V.O.)
dialog: Then we have to get back into Red
dialog: Star. Problem is, their biometric
dialog: sensors are too good.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (V.O.)
dialog: We need someone's help.
speaker_heading: WHIP TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OFF MULHOLLAND - DAY
text: ANGLE ON Roger Corwin, driving his Mercedes. He slows,
text: a road crew working ahead.
text: ANGLE ON Dylan, dressed in an orange vest, manning the
text: slow/stop sign. She makes Corwin stop, leans in to
dialog: apologize for the delay.
text: Behind the Mercedes, Natalie sneaks up. She quickly
text: picks the trunk lock, then quietly climbs in. She hoists
text: in a large duffel bag, then shuts herself inside.
scene_heading: INT. TRUNK OF CORWIN'S MERCEDES - DAY
text: We HEAR the car moving again.
text: Stripped down to a bra, Natalie attaches an illuminated mirror
text: to the underside of the trunk lid. Starts to pull more items
text: from her duffel bag: black shoes, a dress shirt, a tie.
scene_heading: EXT. RED STAR - DAY
text: Establishing. We see Corwin's Mercedes pull into the
text: parking garage.
scene_heading: INT. PARKING GARAGE / RED STAR - DAY
text: Walking away from the car, Corwin hits the remote. The
text: Mercedes BWOOPS.
text: A beat later, a hand comes out from under the trunk lid.
text: Natalie climbs out, only she's not Natalie anymore.
text: She's become Corwin -- identical to the last detail.
text: She tucks the last of the latex mask under her collar as
text: she walks. FREEZE FRAME.
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 57.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY STATION - DAY
text: Corwin puts his right hand on the sensor grid. A laser
dialog: scans it. Approved.
text: The Security Guard hits the button, releasing the gate.
text: He goes back to his magazine as Corwin passes through.
dialog: A beat, then...
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: Tommy? You gonna let me through
dialog: or what?
text: Tommy the Guard looks up, sees Corwin is still at the
dialog: counter.
scene_heading: TOMMY THE GUARD
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Oh. Yeah, sorry Mr. Corwin.
text: He hits the button again, letting Corwin through. Tommy
text: goes back to his magazine, still a little perplexed.
scene_heading: INT. SECURE HALLWAY - DAY
text: The same places we saw on the videotape. Natalie-as-
text: Corwin swipes the two stolen failsafe cards in a reader,
text: sending the lights from red to green. FREEZE FRAME.
text: She splices in a transmitter the size of a cigarette pack.
text: Pulls up a tiny antenna. FREEZE FRAME.
scene_heading: INT. SECURE HALLWAY - DAY
text: Corwin walks down the hall, still talking with his
text: colleague. Natalie-as-Corwin is walking right towards
text: them. She turns away as she passes. He didn't even spot
dialog: her.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. POSH BEVERLY HILLS HOTEL - DAY
dialog: Establishing...
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - DAY
text: As a group, the angels move through the upscale lunch
text: crowd to find Knox and Vivian Wu at a booth.
text: Alex opens a slim Sony laptop, sets it on the table.
speaker_heading: ALEX
text: It's done. Red Star's mainframe
dialog: is open for business.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Astonished, Vivian Wu hits some keys, checking that what
dialog: they say is true.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (to a passing waiter)
dialog: Champagne, please. Your best.
text: Smiling, Knox motions for them to take a seat.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Now I know why I hired you. You're
dialog: the best.
text: A look between the angels. They know it's true.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN WU
dialog: (to Knox, re: laptop)
dialog: I'll have Systems get to work on
dialog: this right away.
text: She reaches for the laptop. Bosley snatches it away.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: Uh, actually Miss Wu, WE will get to
dialog: work on this right away. Any evidence
dialog: we find will be turned over to you AND
dialog: the proper authorities.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN WU
dialog: I don't think you understand how
dialog: important that data is, Mr...
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: Oh, indeed I do. And that's why I'll
dialog: take very good care of it when I find it.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN WU
dialog: (reaching for the laptop)
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Vivian, please. Do as the man says.
text: Reluctantly, Vivian Wu pulls her hand away. Bosley tucks
text: the laptop into a steel briefcase, then stands.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Where you off to, Bos?
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: Vacation.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Uh oh, lemme guess. You're off to
dialog: chase bikinis at some tropical resort?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 59.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: Exactly! Fire Island, here I come!
text: Dylan does a spit take, the other two Angels roll their eyes.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Goodbye, Angels. Mr. Knox.
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Ms. Wu.
text: As Bosley exits the restaurant, Vivian Wu eyes him
text: carefully. Knox raises a glass to toast the Angels.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: More champagne?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Have to go. Plans tonight.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Me too.
text: As they get up...
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: (to Dylan)
dialog: And you?
text: She notices the other Angels staring at her. She doesn't answer
dialog: at first.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Um... well...
text: Natalie quickly picks up what's going on. She glances at
text: Alex, then clears her throat.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Hey Dylan, can we talk to you
dialog: for a second?
speaker_heading: THE LADIES ROOM
text: Natalie, Alex, and Dylan kibbitz near the sinks.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (CONT'D)
dialog: There's something going on between
dialog: you and Knox. Isn't there?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: So what, so I like him. Is that
dialog: so wrong?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Uh, yeah Dylan, it IS. He's a client.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: WAS a client. We finished the job.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: She's got a point.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: What? She doesn't have ANY point, Alex,
dialog: I can't believe you're siding with her.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I'm not siding with anyone, but
dialog: technically, he is no longer...
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: You know Charlie would NEVER
dialog: approve of this.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Oh come on, Charlie wouldn't care. I
dialog: think you're just being overly cautious.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Uh, guys? GUYS!
text: They turn to look at her.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm a big girl. I make my own
dialog: decisions. I'm going out with him.
text: She walks out of the ladies' room.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. PARKING GARAGE / BEVERLY HILLS - DAY
text: Bosley hums "In the Navy" to himself as he walks through
text: a parking garage. He's alone in the echo-y garage, and
dialog: everything we know about movies tells us This Means Trouble.
text: BWEEP BWEEP as his alarm shuts off. Just as he's about
text: to lift the handle, he stops. Looks back over his shoulder.
text: Did he hear something? He scans the empty garage. No
text: one in sight. Must've been his imagination.
scene_heading: INT. BOSLEY'S MERCEDES - DAY
text: Bosley climbs in, shutting the door behind him. He's
dialog: putting the keys in the ignition, when...
text: A HAND clamps a chloroformed rag over his mouth. It's
text: the Thin Man. Bosley struggles, but in moments, he's
text: unconscious.
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 61.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE THE CAR
text: THE THIN MAN stuffs Bosley in the trunk, slams it shut,
dialog: revealing...
speaker_heading: VIVIAN WU (O.S.)
dialog: Sweet dreams.
text: Vivian Wu, standing beside the Thin Man. She's holding
dialog: the case Bosley refused to give her before.
speaker_heading: THE THIN MAN
dialog: So, now we have the transmitter, what
dialog: do we do with fat boy? Dirt nap time?
speaker_heading: VIVIAN WU
dialog: NO! Not until I've got the
dialog: information I need. We'll take
text: him to the compound, hold him there.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: In the meantime, we've got to tie
dialog: up some loose ends.
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: Whenever you say something like
dialog: that, it means more work for me.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN WU
dialog: (ignoring him)
dialog: The Angels will figure out they
dialog: were duped. We can't afford them
dialog: jeopardizing our plans.
speaker_heading: THE THIN MAN
dialog: Here it comes...
speaker_heading: VIVIAN WU
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: We have to Kill Charlie's Angels.
text: The Thin Man sighs, whips out his cell phone.
speaker_heading: THE THIN MAN
dialog: Guess I'll cancel my weekend plans.
dialog: And speaking of weekend plans...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ITALIAN STREET - NIGHT
text: Jason and Alex are walking down a beautiful, tree-lined
text: cobblestone street, holding hands. The buildings and
text: outdoor cafes are reminiscent of a quaint, vaguely
dialog: European town.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Alex, I can't tell you how happy I
dialog: am you came.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: No, I mean, it's weird. It's
dialog: weirding me out how happy I am when
dialog: you're around. Am I sick or something?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Got me.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: The only bummer is, I start to
dialog: jones when you're not around.
dialog: What the hell am I gonna do this
dialog: weekend, if you're not with me?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: We'll get you some sedatives.
dialog: You'll be fine.
text: He stops, takes her in his arms. With the moonlight
text: shining down, it's very romantic. They kiss. Then...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Hey. Wait a second. Come with me!
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Come with you?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Miami, on the Sony Jet. I've got
text: two tickets to the Final Four.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Jason, I don't...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Wait, before you say no, let me just
dialog: say something, okay? I'm sick of how
dialog: little we see each other. I'm sick of
dialog: stealing a day here, or a week there.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: It's my job, Jason. I can't
dialog: explain it, but I have to be on
dialog: call, all the time, and...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: What if I changed all that?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: What if I told you to quit your
dialog: job, and come live with me. What
dialog: I'm saying, Alex, is that I want
dialog: you to...
text: BLAM! BLAM! Gunshots ring out!
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Gunfire! Get down!
text: Alex, in Angels mode, immediately throws him to the
text: ground and covers him. She feels something wet, looks
text: down to see Jason's chest, covered in blood.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: My God, you're hit. You're...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Fine. I'm fine.
dialog: (he laughs)
dialog: They're squibs, it's fake. See?
text: He wipes off a little, puts it on her tongue. Finally
text: convinced, she almost lets herself laugh.
speaker_heading: REVEAL
text: that we are in a soundstage, the cobblestones street is
text: just a set. The gunfire was coming from some effects
text: guys, who are test firing guns for the upcoming action
text: scene just outside the soundstage, visible through the
text: open loading door.
speaker_heading: JASON (CONT'D)
dialog: Fake guns, too. They're just
text: setting up for the next scene.
text: He helps her up.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Sorry about that, I...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: God, I loved that. The way you
dialog: yelled and everything? Baby, you
dialog: been watching too many movies.
dialog: (he kisses her on the nose)
dialog: Alright, I gotta go reset these.
dialog: DON'T GO ANYWHERE. I want to
dialog: finish this conversation.
text: As he walks out of the soundstage, Alex is left behind,
text: alone. She cleans herself off, shaking her head at her
dialog: own paranoia.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Nice, Alex. Real nice.
speaker_heading: THIPP!
text: A wall next to her sprays a cloud of plaster. Alex looks
dialog: at the hole. That's strange.
speaker_heading: THIP, THIP!
text: Two more little explosions, these barely missing her face.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, is someone firing more squibs
dialog: or...
text: Suddenly, without warning, the wall is plastered with
text: SILENCED GUNFIRE. It's only Alex's instincts that let
text: her duck in time to avoid being turned into Swiss cheese.
text: She tucks and rolls behind a Styrofoam set as...
text: TWO GUNMEN with silenced SNIPER rifles fan out on the
dialog: fake city street.
speaker_heading: ON ALEX --
text: crouched behind a wall.
text: She looks both ways. If she tries to break for the open
text: loading door, she'll lead the gunmen right back to Jason.
dialog: Only way out of here is to head for the far wall, all the
text: way across the building, where there's a fire exit.
text: Taking a deep breath, she darts across the fake street.
speaker_heading: THE GUNMEN
text: fire at her, one of them pulling off his silencer and going
text: to machine gun mode. The sound of the gunshots are covered
text: by the sound of the effects guy, test firing guns outside.
speaker_heading: ALEX --
text: Sees that the sets are held up by wooden support beams.
text: She lifts her leg and delivers a solid blow, cracking the
text: two-by-fours in half.
speaker_heading: THE GUNMEN
text: move slowly through the fake street set. Suddenly, they
text: hear a creaking sound. They look up to see the whole,
dialog: fake building set collapsing!
text: They dive out of the way, just in time to see Alex race
text: through the fire doors.
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 65.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKLOT - NIGHT
text: Alex races out of the soundstage and jumps into her car,
text: parked nearby. The Gunmen emerge from the stage and spot
text: her, just as she gets the car started. She peels out as
text: a hail of gunfire just misses her windshield.
scene_heading: EXT. OPPOSITE SIDE OF THE SOUNDSTAGE
text: Jason has just gotten his squibs refitted. He's facing
text: the opposite direction, so he doesn't see Alex's car
text: whizz away in the background.
scene_heading: INT. SOUNDSTAGE
text: Jason walks into the Soundstage, followed by the effects crew.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Alex? ALEX?
text: Of course, she's nowhere to be found. While he looks
text: around, one of the effects guys fingers a bullet hole in
text: the set wall. He presses against it and a FLATTENED
text: BULLET FALLS OUT.
text: He thinks for a moment, then shakes his head. Couldn't be.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. EGYPTIAN THEATRE - NIGHT
text: A passing FILMGOER reveals Natalie and Pete. Seated near
text: the aisle, they share a giant tub of popcorn. The movie
text: hasn't started yet, but there's a slide show of various
dialog: anime heroes and villains.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Thanks for the second chance. I
dialog: swear, I'm really not a flake.
text: He shrugs it off.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: How can I deny any woman who's
dialog: seen all 23 "Lords of Wind and
dialog: Power"?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I bet there's a dozen women here
dialog: who fit that description.
dialog: She's right.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Honestly -- there's a looks
dialog: component as well.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Really.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: You're the most beautiful woman
dialog: I've ever seen this close up.
dialog: How can she not be flattered by that? She would say
text: something back, but the moment has gotten so electrified
text: that each little glance just brings on more goofy-in-
dialog: loveness.
dialog: The only solution is to leave...
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Ladies room. I'll be back in two minutes.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I'll be here.
scene_heading: INT. LADIES ROOM - NIGHT
text: A wee bit smitten, Natalie enters as the last WOMAN leaves.
text: We hear just the DRIP DRIP DRIP of a faucet and the Muzak
text: version of Power Station's "Some Like It Hot."
speaker_heading: NATALIE
speaker_heading: IN A STALL
text: Natalie shuts the door behind herself, then sets to work
text: putting down a tissue-paper seat cover.
text: SWEEPING ACROSS THE FLOOR
text: We look under stall doors to find a pair of black men's
text: boots stepping down from inside. Natalie is not alone.
scene_heading: IN HER STALL
text: Natalie is about to hoist her skirt when she stops. Her
text: Spider Sense is tingling.
speaker_heading: A DOOR LATCH
text: CLICKS open. We TILT UP to see a WELL-DRESSED MAN. He's
dialog: at least 6'3".
text: He stops at Natalie's stall door, drawing his gun. A
text: beat, then he KICKS the door open, revealing...
scene_heading: AN EMPTY STALL.
text: The automatic toilet FLUSHES itself. The Man takes a
text: half-step in, confused. Suddenly --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The door swings back, SMASHING into his right hand. He
text: drops the gun, looking up to see
speaker_heading: NATALIE,
text: Who is perched atop the stall walls. She pushed the door
text: with her foot.
text: Grabbing an overhead pipe, she performs an acrobatic
text: swing, landing both feet on the guy's head. He falls
text: into the next row of stalls.
text: Natalie reaches for the gun, but the Man grabs her ankles.
text: He pulls her back across the tile floor, flipping her over.
text: That just makes it easier for her to kick him where it counts.
text: With a scissors lock around his neck, Natalie is pulled
text: up while the Man falls. She lands a knee on his windpipe.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Who do you work for?
text: He tries to pull her off. She leans in harder.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Speak now or never again.
speaker_heading: THE MAN
dialog: (motioning with eyes)
text: Jacket pocket.
text: Suspicious, she digs inside his coat to pull out a leather
text: billfold. Flips it open to reveal an I.D. that reads...
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: National Security Agency? You're with the NSA?
speaker_heading: THE MAN
dialog: I've been following you. I didn't
dialog: know which side you were on.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This is bigger than you think.
scene_heading: INT. MOVIE THEATER - NIGHT
text: The anime classic is playing. Pete keeps looking back
text: towards the door. He's been ditched again. Just when he's
text: about to give up hope, Natalie is there.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I'm so sorry, but I have to go. I
dialog: can't explain.
dialog: (hands card)
dialog: This is my cell phone number. Please
dialog: call me tomorrow. Please. I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: With that, she goes. A beat, then she comes back.
text: Kisses him once, hard. Then goes for real.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOLLYWOOD HILLS - NIGHT
text: Dylan and Knox walk hand in hand up a quaint, woodsy path
text: behind Knox's home. We can hear music drifting up from
text: the hill in front of them.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Where's that music coming from?
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: You'll see. Just a little farther.
text: He helps her up a steep part of the path. As she comes
text: over the crest of a hill.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Oh...
dialog: (taking in the view)
dialog: Oh wow.
speaker_heading: DYLAN'S POV --
text: The hill behind Knox's house has a magnificent view right
text: into the Hollywood Bowl. The music is the symphony
text: playing something very romantic.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: That's amazing.
text: They stand there, together, just listening to the music,
text: Knox watching her reaction closely.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Can I ask you a personal question?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: How much do you know about Charlie?
text: Dylan seems surprised by this question.
speaker_heading: KNOX (CONT'D)
dialog: I just find it strange that you
dialog: work for a man you've never met.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Well, I don't know what he looks like,
dialog: but I feel like I know him. We all do.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: And none of you have any clue who
dialog: he actually is?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: And you're never curious to find out?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Of course, but believe me, it's
dialog: impossible. I've tried.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Let's not talk about Charlie,
dialog: okay? Or work.
text: She smiles t him, motioning for them to go back up to
text: Knox's house.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: In fact, let's not talk at all.
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: INT. KNOX'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Dylan and Knox are asleep in his bed, when the doorbell
text: CHIMES. Dylan bolts upright. She slips out of bed, peers
text: out the window. Vivian Wu is waiting by the front door.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Eric, it's Vivian.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Hmmm. I wonder what she's here
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Want me to tell her to come back, or...
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: No, no. I'd better deal.
dialog: (he kisses her)
dialog: You go back to bed.
text: Knox pulls on a robe, goes downstairs.
scene_heading: STAY ON DYLAN --
text: as she pulls on her clothes, her CELL PHONE rings. She
text: grabs it.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Dylan, we were set up. Vivian Wu is not
dialog: who she says she is. She's a former
text: assassin and an all around bitch.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Oh no. OH SHIT. Natalie, she's HERE!
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I'm at Knox's, she just showed up!
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY - NIGHT
text: Driving her own highly excellent car, Natalie has it floored.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I'm ten minutes away. Wait until I
dialog: get there.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I can't do that. Call Alex and meet
dialog: me here.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Dylan...
text: But Dylan's already hung up. Cursing her partner, Natalie
text: races the car even harder.
scene_heading: INT. KNOX'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Knox is sitting at the coffee table, signing papers. Vivian,
text: sitting across from him, has her cell phone open. They are
text: both surprised to see Dylan walk into the room.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN WU
dialog: I see you take your bodyguarding
dialog: services seriously. Still, I worry
text: that no one is watching the door.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (covering)
dialog: Oh, I'm watching it. In fact, I just
dialog: called for back up.
text: From her bag, Vivian pulls a silver 9MM.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN WU
dialog: All the same, I'm concerned about
text: Mr. Knox's safety.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Although Knox is clueless, it's clear the message Vivian
text: is sending to Dylan. She's in control here.
text: Vivian sets the gun on the table, in easy reach.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: (explaining)
text: Vivian just came over to run through
dialog: some numbers for the IPO.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN WU
dialog: Please, take a seat. I'm almost
dialog: finished.
text: With a knowing glance at Dylan, she goes back to her
dialog: phone call.
text: No alternative, Dylan takes a seat beside Knox. Both face
text: Vivian, whose hand is very near the gun.
text: Dylan looks at Knox as he reads through his papers. He has no
dialog: idea there's anything wrong.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN WU (CONT'D)
dialog: (on phone)
dialog: Really. How disappointing.
text: Vivian gestures to the abandoned Scrabble game on the table.
dialog: Why not play?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I'm not much for games.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN WU
dialog: Pity.
text: As Knox flips pages in the report, Dylan casually begins
text: pushing Scrabble letters around, nothing serious. But she's
dialog: managed to spell...
speaker_heading: ENEMY
text: She gets Knox's attention, looks to the word, up to Vivian.
text: Knox follows her intention, but doesn't seem to believe it.
text: While Vivian continues to talk on the phone, Knox sets his
text: report down. Pushes around some letters of his own. The
text: words finally come out as...
speaker_heading: I KNOW
dialog: CLOSE ON Dylan. What does that mean?
text: Vivian snaps her phone shut.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VIVIAN WU (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Knox)
dialog: Bad news: The other angels are still
dialog: alive. Good news: Everything else
text: proceeding apace.
text: Dylan stands up. What the hell is going on?
text: Vivian draws the gun on her. Knox moves over toward
dialog: Vivian's side.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Sorry Dylan. I knew this moment
dialog: would come sooner or later. I was
dialog: just hoping for later.
text: A long beat, Dylan trying to wrap her head around this.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: All this time, we thought Red Star
dialog: was behind this, but it was you.
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: You faked your kidnapping.
text: Knox taps his nose. She's got it.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: To gain your trust. And get your
dialog: help.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I want you to know, my personal
dialog: attraction to you was a sincere
dialog: and unrelated complication.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Oh, well, in that case I feel a lot
dialog: better about you being a lying pole
dialog: smoker.
text: Dylan looks like she's about to leap forward and tear Knox's
text: throat out. Vivian gestures for Dylan to keep stepping back.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: I can't believe I trusted you.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Why not? You trust Charlie and you've
dialog: never even met him.
text: Dylan crosses the sill, out onto the balcony.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: KNOX (CONT'D)
dialog: And believe me, there's a lot about
dialog: him that you don't know. Anyway,
dialog: I'm not going to be an idiot and
dialog: stand here talking when we could do
dialog: something useful, like KILL YOU.
dialog: Goodbye, Dylan, I'll miss you...
text: How right he is, because as soon as Vivian squeezes the
dialog: trigger...
text: Dylan drops to the floor, then rolls.
speaker_heading: BLAM!
text: the bullet misses Dylan and slams into the bulletproof window
text: causing a spider-web crack to spread. Dylan sees her
text: opportunity and heads right for the window while Vivian
text: pumps off shots.
text: As she comes to the window, Dylan jumps up in the air and
text: does a flying kick, hitting right at the spot where the
dialog: bullet impacted.
speaker_heading: SMASH!
text: The bulletproof glass shatters outward, and Dylan flies out
text: the window, onto the ledge.
speaker_heading: KNOX (CONT'D)
dialog: Wow.
dialog: (to Vivian)
dialog: I've never seen YOU do something
dialog: like that.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN WU
dialog: Oh, shut up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY - NIGHT
text: Dylan looks over the edge of the balcony. The drop-off is
text: incredibly steep -- the house is built on stilts -- and the
text: fall looks like it would kill her. But she doesn't have
dialog: much choice.
speaker_heading: KNOX AND VIVIAN
text: come running out onto the balcony, just in time to see Dylan
text: jump. They rush to the edge, look down into a forbidding
text: thicket of trees.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN WU
text: She can't have survived. It's too far.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 74.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VIVIAN WU (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Still, I should probably check...
text: Knox shakes his head.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: We've got more important things to do.
text: The two of them head back inside. As they do...
text: We hold on the railing, then slowly start to drift down, to
text: the underside of the balcony. Dylan has attached her belt to
text: the bottom of the railing, and is hanging in the rafters. As
text: she pulls herself back up...
speaker_heading: WIPE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT -- NIGHT
text: A black sedan pulls onto the tarmac. Knox and Vivian Wu emerge,
text: then hustle into a waiting private plane.
scene_heading: INT. ANGELS DETECTIVE AGENCY
text: Natalie, Dylan and Alex nurse their wounds and compare notes.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I can't believe Knox tried to kill me.
dialog: I mean, I've been lied to, I've been
dialog: cheated on, but no guy has ever
dialog: tried to SHOOT me before.
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: I'm gonna get him for that.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: He played us from the very start.
dialog: It was all just so he could get us
dialog: to tap into Red Star. He couldn't
dialog: figure out a way to do it himself.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Who knew that we are actually
text: tapping into the main servers for
dialog: The National Security Agency?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: And now, thanks to us, he's had hours
dialog: to download whatever top secret
dialog: information he wants, for God knows
dialog: what reason.
text: The angels take a beat to let their indignation grow.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Wait a minute. We installed the
dialog: transmitter, yes, but we never gave
text: him the receiver.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: That laptop was the only way to access
dialog: the transmitter. And we gave the
dialog: laptop to...
text: They look at each other...
speaker_heading: ANGELS
dialog: Bosley!
dialog: And on that note...
scene_heading: EXT. BEACHFRONT COMPOUND - FLORIDA COASTLINE - DAY
text: We PUSH IN over the water to reveal the massive complex -- half-
text: villa, half-castle. Built into the green hills, it's
text: flanked by oversized windmills.
scene_heading: EXT. STAIRCASE - DAY
text: Armed guards, as if they were necessary, make sure no one
text: goes up or down a staircase that leans up into the tower,
text: where their dangerous prisoner is being held.
scene_heading: INT. COMPOUND TOWER - DAY
text: Bosley's cell, as such, is a round room.
text: Bosley flits about in a panic. He's hardly touched the gourmet
text: food on his tray. Except for the pudding. He loves pudding.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
text: Still a-twitter, Bosley flips through the 500 channels on
text: his big-screen TV. He watches a few moments of E!
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
text: As the Thin Man takes the tray away, Bosley suddenly attacks
text: him with the silverware. With a single hand to Bosley's
text: forehead, the Thin Man holds him at arm's length, harmless.
text: He takes the weapons away.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
text: Bosley WHISTLES to a bright red songbird who has landed
text: on the windowsill. The bird WHISTLES back. Bosley thinks
text: they're having a conversation.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Bosley is going a little insane.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
text: In his spacious bathroom, Bosley is sitting on the toilet,
text: rocking as he makes spaceman noises.
text: We hear a PLOP in the water, and then a BLEEP BLEEP.
text: Curious, he stands up and looks in the bowl. He's surprised
text: by what he sees.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TOWNSEND AGENCY - DAY
text: Alex is on the phone, frantically dialing numbers.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Come on, Bosley, answer.
text: (she hangs up, then,
dialog: to the Angels)
dialog: I've tried all his numbers and paged
text: him five times. No answer.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I don't even want to think about
dialog: what I'm thinking right now.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Don't! He's alive, he's gotta be. If...
dialog: (she pauses)
dialog: What IS that?
text: There's a very faint voice coming from Bosley's desk drawer.
text: Dylan walks around the desk, yanks it open...
speaker_heading: BOSLEY (O.S.)
dialog: Angels! Angels, can you hear me!
text: Dylan grabs the radio receiver from the drawer, holds him up.
text: Bosley's voice gets louder.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY (O.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't know if you can hear me. I don't
dialog: know if this thing is even working.
text: The Angels crowd around Dylan and the receiver. It seems
dialog: impossible.
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND TOWER - DAY
text: CLOSE ON a satellite mini-dish mounted to the roof. We CRANE
text: DOWN to look in a tower window, where Bosley is hunched over
dialog: the TV.
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 77.
scene_heading: INT. COMPOUND TOWER - DAY
text: On the top of the TV, a wire runs from the satellite feed to --
scene_heading: THE TINY RADIO
dialog: that Bosley swallowed at the spa. It's worked its way
dialog: through his system.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: I know you can't answer, but... I
dialog: really hope you can hear this.
scene_heading: EXT. RUINS OF TOWNSEND AGENCY - DAY
text: The angels still can't believe they're hearing his voice.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Can we trace him?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Not off a boosted signal. We'd
dialog: have to be within 20 miles.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Come on, Bosley. Tell us where you are.
scene_heading: INT. COMPOUND TOWER - DAY
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: I don't know where I am, really. I'm
text: in a round room. The walls are white.
dialog: Well. Not white-white. More of a
dialog: cream, or an eggshell. Vanilla. Yes,
dialog: I'm going to say vanilla.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT
dialog: This isn't helping.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I can see the ocean.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Bingo.
text: Dylan finds a globe amid the wreckage. Wipes off the soot.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: I don't know which ocean. I was
dialog: blindfolded the whole time. We were
dialog: flying. It must've been three or
dialog: four hours. Maybe more.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: With her fingers, Dylan figures out how far he could have
text: flown. Estimates the circumference.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (frustrated)
dialog: He could be anywhere in North America.
text: The bird Bosley was whistling to lands on the TV, looks
text: at the transmitter, curious. SINGS its song.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: Wherever it is, they have really
dialog: good pudding.
text: Natalie holds up a finger -- stop.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: What, pudding?
text: The bird SINGS its song again. Natalie smiles.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Hear that? That's a blue spotted
dialog: egret. They only live in one place.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Florida.
text: The MUSIC revs up, as we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. VILLA COURTYARD
text: A HELICOPTER touches down inside the villa gates. Knox
text: and Vivian emerge.
scene_heading: INT. COMPOUND - DAY
text: Knox and Vivian walk into a fully macked computer room,
text: where the Thin Man is supervising a techie as he taps away
text: at Bosley's laptop.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: Our access was cut off at the source.
speaker_heading: KNOX
speaker_heading: GODDAMNIT!
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: But not before we retrieved the
dialog: information you wanted.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The Thin Man pulls a piece of paper out of a printer,
text: hands them to Knox.
speaker_heading: THIN MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: The National Security Agency's secret file
text: on the man known as Charles Townsend.
text: Knox smiles. Takes the print-out.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Finally.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How about Bosley? Did we get the
dialog: information we wanted?
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: Once we we drugged him, he sang like a bird.
text: The Thin Man hands Knox another print-out.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Hmmm. Miami Arena. Preparations
dialog: have been made?
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: Yes. We move out tonight.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Excellent.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Where IS Bosley?
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: In the tower. We were waiting till
dialog: you gave the word.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Well? No time like the present.
text: The Thin Man nods.
scene_heading: INT. KNOX COMPOUND - DAY
text: The Thin Man cocks his gun as he heads to the tower to do
dialog: away with Bosley. Then...
speaker_heading: HENCHMAN
dialog: Sir? You should take a look at this.
text: The Henchman leads Thin Man into...
speaker_heading: SECURITY ROOM
text: A room lined with monitors that survey the courtyard. Henchman
text: points to one in the corner.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HENCHMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: See here? Look at the timer on
dialog: the camera.
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
text: It's not moving.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Oh, this is the oldest one in the
dialog: book. Punch up camera three.
text: Another camera angle comes up, this also a view of the
text: empty courtyard.
speaker_heading: THIN MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Now pan left.
text: The Henchman does what he's told and, on the monitor...
text: WE SEE DYLAN, dressed in a black cat suit, as she rewires
text: a security camera. She glances around, making sure no
text: one sees her.
speaker_heading: THIN MAN (CONT'D)
text: The old re-loop the video camera trick.
text: And look, she's not even carrying a gun.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What is this, amateur hour?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - DAY
text: Dylan sneaks her way through the courtyard, doing an
text: admirable job of trying to stick to the walls. As she
text: comes around the corner.
speaker_heading: THIN MAN (O.S.)
dialog: Um, excuse me? I think you're
dialog: trespassing.
text: She whips around to see the Thin Man, standing right
text: behind her. She instantly swings at him, he blocks it.
text: She's about to swing again when five guns get cocked
text: against her temple. She's surrounded by guards.
speaker_heading: NOW --
text: The thin man and his boys lead Dylan into the house.
speaker_heading: THIN MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: No offense, but as "storming the
dialog: castle" plans go, this one sucked.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Oh yeah? And I suppose you could
dialog: do better?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: Yeah, I sure as hell could.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Oh, right.
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: How about an underwater entry? Or
dialog: hang gliding over the main tower?
dialog: There's a million good ways in, if
dialog: you just do your homework.
text: Dylan glares at him, and as she does...
text: We move in CLOSE ON Dylan's funky belt buckle. There's a
text: tiny camera concealed there.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE COMPOUND - DAY
text: Natalie and Alex huddle around a three-inch monitor,
text: getting live video from Dylan's camera.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You heard the man.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Nice work, Dyl.
text: They move into action.
scene_heading: EXT. SECOND STORY VERANDAH - DAY
text: Dylan is led inside by the Thin Man. Knox is waiting for her.
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: Present for you, sir.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Dylan, how nice. Welcome to my
dialog: Florida home. Not as tasteful as
text: the one in LA, but much more private.
text: She shrugs off the goons -- enough already.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: So tell me, Knox, what's the brilliant
dialog: plan? You gonna sell a list of our
dialog: foreign spies to the highest bidder?
dialog: Blackmail the President?
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: The first plan is too complicated,
dialog: and the second is virtually
dialog: impossible.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: KNOX (CONT'D)
dialog: Besides, I already have all the
dialog: money I need and my motivation is
dialog: much simpler...
dialog: (leaning in close to her)
dialog: ... revenge.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Revenge? Against who?
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: You know what? I'm not in a gabby mood
dialog: right now. I've got a score to settle.
text: He flips shut a suitcase filled with C-5 explosive, the
dialog: same stuff we saw Pascal selling in the opening scene.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Seems like you're going a bit overboard.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: No, just leaving myself plenty of
dialog: margin for error. Goodbye, Dylan.
text: With that, he walks out of the room.
text: The Thin Man signals to the Henchmen. Two of them force
text: Dylan to sit in one of the wooden deck chairs.
text: Then, with the thick packing tape, they begin binding her
text: arms to the arms of the chair. As they do:
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I don't know why you bother. I've
dialog: already won.
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: Is that so?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Every moment I sit here is a
dialog: moment I'm using to figure out how
dialog: to take you down. In fact, this
dialog: statement -- this one I'm making
dialog: right here-- is just me stalling
dialog: for time while I decide which of
dialog: your goons I'm going to flatten
dialog: first.
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: It's gonna be the guy behind me.
text: The Thin Man can't help but be amused. After all, there
text: are six guards and one blonde -- who is now taped to a
dialog: chair.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: THE THIN MAN
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: By the time your guys are firing,
dialog: I'll be at about 180 on my reverse
dialog: inverted 360, which will land me
text: on Fat Boy there, as promised.
dialog: (nods to the second guard)
dialog: He'll take the chair seat in the
dialog: chin.
dialog: (re: two others; very slowly)
dialog: Now... I'm warning both of you:
dialog: I'm going to get you to shoot each
dialog: other. I know. Cliche as that
dialog: sounds.
dialog: (then to the last two)
dialog: Last, you guys -- hell, I'll make
dialog: something up. We'll have fun.
text: The Thin Man smirks oh-so-confidently.
speaker_heading: THE THIN MAN
dialog: And what will you do to me?
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: You won't even be here. I mean, I
dialog: don't want to tell you how to do
dialog: your job, but you should've killed
dialog: me by now. Because I already know
dialog: that your people are onto my
dialog: people, which means any moment now
dialog: you're going to be called out to
dialog: go and deal --
text: Suddenly the door flies open and --
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Ah! See?
scene_heading: HENCHMAN AT THE DOOR
dialog: We have intruders.
text: With a glare to Dylan, the Thin Man follows him out.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERWATER GROTTO
text: Alex, dressed in a sexy bikini, emerges from the water
text: and instantly takes out two guards.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL GARDEN - DAY
text: NATALIE hang-glides into a courtyard, knocking out two
text: henchmen as she does. Alex catches up with her, as
text: Natalie pulls out a small scanner.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Bosley's close.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You find him. I'll get Dylan.
text: Natalie heads left. Alex goes right.
scene_heading: INT. TOWER OFFICE - DAY
text: Racing up the stairs, Natalie enters a round room with
text: open windows on all sides. A gentle breeze stirs the
text: curtains. There's an amazing 360 degree view, from hills
dialog: to ocean.
text: According to her scanner, Bosley should be here, but
dialog: there's no one.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: BOSLEY! Bosley, can you hear me?
scene_heading: INT. BOSLEY'S ROUND ROOM DAY
text: Hearing her voice, the feral Bosley looks up.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: Natalie! Is that you?
scene_heading: INT. TOWER OFFICE - DAY
text: She hears him. She keeps yelling -- so does he -- until
text: they both realize that his room is above hers.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: How do I get up to you?
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: There's a staircase. Look for a
dialog: switch.
text: She begins frantically checking the desk, the shelves,
dialog: everything.
text: Her cell phone RINGS. She answers it.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Hello?... Pete, hi! How are you?
scene_heading: INT. BILTMORE HOTEL - DAY
text: On break, Pete is talking on a pay phone.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I'm good. I just -- you said you
dialog: wanted me to call.
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 85.
scene_heading: INT. TOWER OFFICE - DAY
text: Natalie keeps checking the shelves, looking for a secret
dialog: switch.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I did. I do. I mean, thank you
dialog: for calling.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: I'm not an insecure person or anything,
dialog: and I've really enjoyed the very brief
dialog: time we have spent together.
text: Two GOONS race up the stairs into the office. Natalie
text: turns to face them.
speaker_heading: PETE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm just wondering if it's
dialog: something I said or did that's
dialog: making this whole thing so weird
dialog: between us.
text: The Goons approach.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Can you hold on a sec?
text: Hitting MUTE, Natalie kicks the chair behind her and dives
text: under the desk. She comes up on the other side with a
speaker_heading: SURGE SUPPRESSOR,
text: electric cords attached. She backhands it into the
text: goons, who jerk and twitch as electricity shoots through
dialog: their bodies.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (un-muting)
dialog: One more sec.
text: She re-mutes.
text: With a roundhouse kick, she flattens one of the goons,
text: WHACKS the other with the cell phone.
text: The first goon charges at her, but she sidesteps at the
text: last moment, leaving Goon One to hit Goon Two. Both men
text: topple through the open window, falling. Yikes.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (un-muting)
dialog: Sorry about that.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Listen, is this a bad time?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: No. Not at all.
text: She starts searching again for the switch.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: You just sound distracted.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: You know, work this week has been
dialog: really busy. It's been hard to focus.
text: BEHIND NATALIE, Vivian Wu reaches the top of the stairs.
text: She moves stealthily. Natalie has no idea she's there.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (CONT'D)
dialog: See, the thing is, I'm not a full-
dialog: time waitress. I should have been
dialog: more up-front about that, it's just...
text: At the last moment, Natalie catches a moving reflection
text: in a shiny trophy. Turns to find Vivian Wu swinging an
text: antique chair at her head.
text: She ducks. The chair SHATTERS the display case.
text: Scrambling to get away, Natalie drops the phone.
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: Natalie, what was that?
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: (yelling to phone)
dialog: Everything's fine!
speaker_heading: VIVIAN WU
dialog: Hate to disagree.
text: Vivian upends the desk, nearly crushing Natalie. Vivian
text: jumps on top, ready to kick the shit out of our angel.
dialog: As we probably suspected, Vivian Wu is one hell of a
text: martial artist. Fortunately, so is Natalie.
text: In their first series of blows, Vivian seems to have the
text: upper hand, but Natalie rallies hard. Vivian surprises
text: her with a floor-sweeping kick, knocking her down.
text: Vivian grabs the phone off the floor.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN WU (CONT'D)
dialog: Is this the famous Charlie?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PETE
dialog: (confused)
dialog: No, it's Pete.
text: Vivian looks at the phone. Who the fuck cares? She
text: throws the phone out the open window.
text: Getting up, Natalie stares her down, incredulity building
dialog: to rage.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: You bitch! I like that guy.
text: Mocking, Vivian wipes away a tear.
text: Natalie lets forth a typhoon of fury, a full-out Mortal
text: Kombat. Vivian is thrown back against the bookcase,
text: where she knocks over a candlestick.
dialog: That's the trigger for the bookcases to begin sinking
text: into the floor. Circling around the room, each set of
text: shelves drops to a different level, forming steps that
text: lead to the upstairs room.
text: As Natalie and Vivian continue to fight, Bosley sticks
text: his head down from above, watching the brawl. Natalie is
text: kicking ass.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Vivian)
dialog: Do you have any idea how difficult it
dialog: is to find a quality man in Los Angeles?
text: She slams Vivian into the wall. Grabs her again, hands
text: around her head.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN WU
dialog: To be honest?
text: Vivian suddenly leans forward and KISSES her, right on
text: the lips.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN WU (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't care.
text: Natalie is surprised for a moment, which gives Vivian the
text: chance to swing at her. She misses.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I can handle villainy. I can even
dialog: handle super-villainy.
dialog: (Vivian swings and
dialog: misses again)
dialog: But what you did is just wrong.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She head-butts Vivian, knocking her out cold. She throws
text: the limp body on the floor.
text: A beat, then Natalie looks up to see Bosley.
speaker_heading: NATALIE (CONT'D)
dialog: (suddenly chipper)
dialog: Hi, Bos!
text: He waves.
scene_heading: EXT. VERANDAH - DAY
text: From below, we hear SECURITY WHISTLES. The compound has been
text: breached. Dylan looks at the six armed guards surrounding her.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Here we go.
text: And now she does exactly what she told the Thin Man she'd do:
text: She pitches forward, ducking her head so the chair's back
text: crashes into the railing, tearing it off. She stands.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, that part worked.
text: The Guards FIRE -- but Dylan has already launched herself
text: from the railing into that backflip, which lands her on
dialog: the head of --
text: Fat Boy, flattening him bad, and smashing the rest of the
text: chair into kindling. She grabs the wooden seat and whips
text: it up, catching bullets from Guard #3 before flinging it
text: like a Frisbee at Guard #2, nailing him right on the chin.
text: Quickly she stands again, between Guards #3 and 4.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, guys, I warned you. This is
dialog: where you shoot each other.
text: The two men scoff, disbelieving. Then Dylan does a head
text: fake, both Guards panic, and fire, but Dylan drops, leaving
text: each man a clear shot at the other. Both gape. Both fall.
text: Just Guards #5 and 6 left. Dylan's chair arms are still
text: taped to her forearms.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay, here's where we improvise.
text: In a whirl, she overhead-chops Guard #5. Drives her
text: right arm into his shoulder while swinging her left arm
text: into the back of the Guard #6's head.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A few more blows, then both men fall.
text: Now Dylan drops into a second chair, half-exhausted,
text: half-amused with herself. Has one brief beat to take it
dialog: all in, then --
text: Bosley steps onto the veranda, sees Dylan sitting in the
dialog: chair.
text: FROM HIS POINT OF VIEW: It looks like Dylan -- whose
text: arms are still strapped to the arms of the first chair --
text: is taped to the chair she now sits in.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: Oh my God, let me help you.
text: Bosley hurries over, "freeing her." Amused, Dylan lets
text: him. Natalie steps out from inside, pausing to KICK one
text: guard who was starting to revive.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. KNOX COMPOUND - DAY
text: Knox, carrying the briefcase bomb, gets into his waiting
text: helicopter, followed closely by the Thin Man.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Let's GO!
text: The helicopter quick ascends, just as...
speaker_heading: DYLAN (O.S.)
dialog: Damn!
scene_heading: THE THREE ANGELS
text: run into the courtyard.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Don't worry, we'll get him.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: You don't understand. He's got a
text: pound of C-5 in that briefcase.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: The question is, where's he headed?
speaker_heading: BOSLEY (O.S.)
dialog: Miami.
text: The three angels turn to see Bosley, huffing and puffing
text: his way into the courtyard.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BOSLEY (CONT'D)
text: The man Knox is trying to kill has two
dialog: general admission tickets to the Duke-
dialog: Maryland game at Miami Arena. He's going
text: to blow up the arena and kill his target.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Not that I don't believe you, but how
dialog: exactly do you know all this?
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: Because Angels, I was the one who
dialog: purchased those tickets.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: But Bosley, you HATE sports, why
dialog: would you...
dialog: (suddenly getting it)
dialog: You didn't buy them for yourself.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You bought them for...
text: Bosley lowers his head. Suddenly all the angels understand.
speaker_heading: ANGELS
speaker_heading: CHARLIE!
text: They race out the courtyard, in hot pursuit.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MIAMI - DAY
text: Racing across the water, we find thong-clad BEACH BABES
text: moving to a Latin beat. Art Deco buildings flank sun-kissed
text: streets. The people are sexy, the daiquiris strong, and every
dialog: night's a fiesta -- Welcome to MIAMI.
text: Running down the street, towards Miami Arena, the three
text: angels pass THREE OTHER WOMEN rollerblading by: JILL
scene_heading: MONROE, SABRINA DUNCAN and KELLY GARRETT.
text: Nothing is said, but a cool moment just happened.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. LONG, LONG, HALLWAY -- LATER
text: The three Angels are running down a very long hallway.
text: Their voices are the only sound that echoes off these
text: walls, although there is a faint humming that grows louder
text: as they approach two, metal fire doors.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: What do you think he looks like?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ALEX
text: Sixty, tall, well-built.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I always saw him as younger.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
text: Definitely. With black hair.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: No, silver hair. And tan.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: He's not George Hamilton.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: He's outside a lot.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: We'll know him when we see him,
dialog: that's for sure.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: IF we see him.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: How hard can it be to spot Charlie?
text: They slam into the doors, and we...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MIAMI ARENA - NIGHT
text: We reverse angle to reveal the inside of Miami Arena. The first
text: thing that hits us is the WALL OF SOUND, the noise made
text: by twenty thousand people in a basketball induced frenzy.
dialog: The next thing that hits us is the sheer magnitude of the
dialog: job facing the Angels. Hard to spot? The crowd is one,
text: enormous, teeming mass of brightly colored humanity.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Aw, shit.
text: The game is in progress, Duke vs. North Carolina, and it's a
text: barn burner. A one point game with six minutes to go. BALL
text: PLAYER pulls up and swishes a three pointer, Duke by two.
text: The crowd goes apeshit.
scene_heading: BY THE MEZZANINE
text: The Angels huddle, yelling over the deafening noise of the
dialog: crowd...
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: We have to split up!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 92.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I'll take the luxury boxes.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: I'll take the mezzanine.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: I got the floor.
text: They split up. Dylan leads the charge down the loge section,
text: blowing past the SECURITY WOMAN, who yells after her.
scene_heading: INT. ARENA FLOOR - NIGHT
text: BEHIND THE RIM, COLLEGE PLAYER #2 pulls down a brick, slams
text: home the rebound. The crowd ROARS.
scene_heading: INT. LUXURY BOXES --
dialog: JASON GIBBONS, famous movie star and North Carolina alumnus,
text: pumps his fists in the air. His luxury box is loaded with
text: fellow Tar Heels and nameless studio executives. He
text: repeatedly high fives a Hollywood type in sunglasses and Armani.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yes, yes!
text: When suddenly, the door to the luxury box is flung open.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Charlie!? Charles Townsend!
text: Jason whips around and locks eyes with Alex.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Alex?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Jason?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Shit.
text: Realizing she has no time to explain, and that Charlie isn't
text: in here, she turns and leaves.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: ALEX! Hey...
text: While everyone watches, confused, Jason pushes his way
text: through the box and follows Alex into the hall.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 93.
scene_heading: INT. ARENA -- MEZZANINE
text: Dylan races past rows of seats, pissing off plenty of fans
text: in the process.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (looking everywhere)
dialog: Charlie! Charlie!
speaker_heading: FLASHES FIRE
text: in the stands.
speaker_heading: STATISTICIANS
text: scribble at their monitors. Natalie runs behind them,
text: scanning the crowd. WHIP PANS, from ONE MAN to ANOTHER to
text: ANOTHER. Stopping on a likely candidate...
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Charlie?
scene_heading: LIKELY CANDIDATE
dialog: Who?
scene_heading: THE SCOREBOARD CLOCK
dialog: counts down. :60. :59. :58.
scene_heading: INT. LUXURY BOXES - NIGHT
text: Alex bursts in. It's a crowd of fifteen cocktail-drinking
scene_heading: BUSINESS MEN.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Charles Townsend? Anybody, Charles
dialog: Townsend?
text: She ducks back into the hallway.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY -- CONTINUOUS
text: Alex walks out into the hallway, frustrated. Then,
text: miraculously, she spots him...
speaker_heading: KNOX.
text: He walks out of one of the luxury boxes, holding a large,
text: metal briefcase. He heads for the elevator.
speaker_heading: ALEX
text: immediately goes to intercept him, but...
speaker_heading: THIN MAN (O.S.)
dialog: Don't move.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 94.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: It's the Thin Man, standing behind her, with a gun in
text: her back.
speaker_heading: THIN MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: You move, you say anything, I
dialog: perforate you. Got it?
text: Knox glances back at the Thin Man, nods to him. Then he
text: gets in the elevator.
text: The Thin Man starts edging Alex towards some emergency exit
text: doors, gun still in her back. Alex is trying to think of an
text: escape, quickly. She knows that the second he gets her out
dialog: of this public space, he's gonna shoot her. The door gets
dialog: closer and closer...
speaker_heading: JASON (O.S.)
dialog: Alex?! Jesus, what is going on?
text: The Thin Man and Alex turn around to face Jason, who is
text: sweaty and exasperated from chasing her.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Jason, hi, I...
text: The Thin Man digs the gun deeper into her back.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: Can I talk to you later?
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: No you can talk to me NOW. I want
dialog: to know what the hell is going on.
dialog: First, you disappear with no
dialog: explanation, not even a goodbye.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I'm sorry, I...
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Now, I see you here, but you're
dialog: with some other guy.
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: Hey, movie star, do yourself a
dialog: favor and get lost.
text: Jason double takes. He's not used to someone talking to
dialog: him like that.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Lemme guess. You must be Charlie?
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Jason, please...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: No, no I'm sick of this shit. I'm
dialog: sick of this asshole telling you
dialog: what you can and can't do.
text: And then, with no warning, he hauls off and punches the
dialog: Thin Man.
dialog: Now, Jason's just an actor, not an ass-kicking super
dialog: detective, so his punch isn't all that great. In fact, it
text: leaves Jason shaking his hand in pain.
text: The Thin Man, a trickle of blood running from his lip, smiles.
speaker_heading: THIN MAN
dialog: That was stupid.
text: First, he pops Jason right in the jaw. Jason stumbles
text: backward, dazed. Then he reaches for his gun, in the
text: process, loosening his grip on Alex...
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Jason, get down!
text: Alex spins out of the Thin Man's grasp and does a full
text: roundhouse kick, knocking the gun out of the Thin Man's
text: hands. The Thin Man immediately responds, throwing two
text: quick punches, which Alex expertly blocks and then follows
text: with a hitch-kick to the chin.
text: Jason, dazed and confused, thinks he must be hallucinating.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: What the hell is going on?
text: What's going on is a world class ass-kicking, courtesy of his
text: girlfriend. While the action star watches in amazement, Alex
text: unloads an arsenal of bad ass kung fu moves that would make
text: Jet Li green with envy.
text: The Thin Man doesn't stand a chance. A flying side kick
text: sends him stumbling backwards into the stairwell. We
dialog: follow the fight...
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWELL -- CONTINUOUS
text: ... to the first landing. The Thin Man, battered and bruised,
text: reaches down to his ankle holster to get his spare gun, but
text: Alex is too fast for him. She stamps on his hand, then
text: drops a knee to his throat.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Right now, just by leaning forward, I
dialog: could crush your windpipe. You'd die
dialog: a slow and painful death. You don't
dialog: want that, do you?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The Thin Man shakes his head "no."
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: Where is the bomb, when's it going off?
text: She presses harder.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Jason slams out into the stairwell, looking for Alex. He
text: finds her on her walkie talkie, the Thin Man handcuffed
text: to the staircase.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Hi, Jason. Gimme one second?
text: Jason nods, sure.
text: We go to another triptych, all three Angels on their cell
text: phones in different parts of arena.
speaker_heading: ALEX (CONT'D)
dialog: Angels! Knox planted the bomb in the
text: basement, and it's timed to go off
dialog: when the game clock hits zero!
speaker_heading: NATALIE (O.S.)
dialog: Roger that, Alex, I'll stop the clock!
speaker_heading: DYLAN (O.S.)
dialog: I'll look for the bomb!
text: Alex turns back to Jason. He's clearly having a difficult
text: time processing everything he's just seen.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I lied to you Jason. I'm not a
dialog: secretary.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Yeah, I can see that.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: (referring to the
dialog: Thin Man)
dialog: And that wasn't Charlie.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: I'm actually here to stop a madman
dialog: from killing everyone in this
dialog: building. Would it be okay if we
dialog: talked later?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: Go save the world, honey.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'll be waiting for you.
text: Alex smiles. Runs off.
scene_heading: INT. ARENA
text: Natalie stares up at the clock... :30. :29.
text: The WHISTLE BLOWS.
speaker_heading: REFEREE
dialog: Time out!
dialog: Whew, that was close. But it'll start up any second. She
text: has to keep it stopped. But how? She glances to the
text: sidelines and gets an idea.
dialog: ON THE COURT --
text: MUSIC starts from overhead, the respective teams' cheerleaders
text: coming out for one last routine.
text: As they kick into gear, Natalie comes out with them, dressed
text: as a Duke cheerleader. She follows along with the dancers, a
text: bit timid at first, then more confident as she gets into it.
scene_heading: INT. ARENA BASEMENT -- BENEATH THE COURT
text: Dylan races through the basement, looking for the briefcase.
text: Then she spots it, hooked into some wires that snake up
text: into ceiling above.
text: Dylan approaches it cautiously. She slowly opens the top...
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Alright, Dylan, all we have to do is
dialog: figure out which wire to cut.
scene_heading: REVEAL THE BOMB --
text: there are about fifty different wires, in every color in
text: the Crayola box.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, shit.
scene_heading: INT. COURTSIDE
text: Alex, still searching for Charlie, notices something strange.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: You're kidding me.
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 98.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
text: is fully transformed on the court, from wallflower to full-
text: out cheerleader. It's not that she's as good as the other
dialog: cheerleaders. She's better.
text: ON THE COURT
text: The SONG ends. The Cheerleaders vacate the court, but Natalie
text: keeps dancing her heart out. She has 18,000 fans watching
text: her, and she's totally in the moment. But there's another
dialog: agenda as well...
scene_heading: COURTSIDE RADIO ANNOUNCER
text: The time out is over, but one
text: cheerleader doesn't seem to notice.
dialog: Officials can't start the clock again
text: while she's on the court.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MIAMI ARENA -- CONTINUOUS
text: Dylan has picked two wires.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
text: Chartreuse and magenta. This has
dialog: gotta be it.
text: She prepares to snip them with her wire cutters, when...
speaker_heading: KNOX (O.S.)
dialog: I wouldn't do that, if I were you.
text: She spins to see Knox, standing behind her.
speaker_heading: KNOX (CONT'D)
dialog: See, if you snip ANY of those wires,
text: the bomb WILL blow up.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: It's gonna blow anyway, once the
dialog: clock gets to zero.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Who told you that, my idiotic
dialog: henchman? Do you think I tell him
dialog: ANYTHING that's confidential?
text: He holds up a small TRIGGERING DEVICE. It's the same one
text: we saw Pascal try to sell in the opening scene.
speaker_heading: KNOX (CONT'D)
dialog: THIS is what triggers that bomb. So
dialog: if you'll kindly step away, I'll
dialog: refrain from killing both of us.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Realizing she has no choice, Dylan stands up and backs away.
speaker_heading: KNOX (CONT'D)
dialog: In different circumstances, Dylan, I
dialog: think you and I could have worked out.
dialog: We have a lot in common.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Yeah, I fall for assholes, and you
dialog: ARE one.
text: Knox laughs.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Good one.
dialog: (beat, as he backs up)
dialog: Well, I must be going. If you like
dialog: your body parts attached to your
dialog: torso, I suggest you do the same.
text: Knox turns to go, but the other Angels are blocking his way.
speaker_heading: ALEX
dialog: Give it up, Knox. You're surrounded.
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Give us the detonator.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: NO!
text: Stumbling backwards, Knox holds it up high.
speaker_heading: KNOX (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll blow this building sky high, I swear!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE (O.S.)
dialog: Don't do it, Eric. It's me you want,
dialog: not all these innocent people.
text: Everyone turns, as one, to a figure emerging from the shadows.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Charlie?
dialog: That's right, it's Charlie. Finally, after all these years,
dialog: we get a look at him, and boy is it... disappointing.
text: He's not what we expected. Short, portly, dressed in a
text: "We're #1" t-shirt; the Angels are absolutely floored by
text: Charlie's appearance.
speaker_heading: ANGELS
dialog: Charlie?
text: Charlie ignores their stares and addresses Knox directly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Your father was a double agent, Eric.
dialog: Yes, I revealed him, but he was killed
dialog: by his own people before we could
text: throw him in jail.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He was my friend.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: It's still your fault, you arrogant
dialog: prick! You still killed my father!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Maybe. Maybe I did. But why should
dialog: YOU kill all these people? If you
dialog: hate me so much, just shoot ME.
dialog: Just shoot me, Eric.
text: Charlie spreads his arms, leaving Knox a plenty wide target.
text: It's a horribly tense moment. The Angels are frozen, watching
text: Knox decide Charlie's fate.
text: Knox is sweating, debating his choices. Can he really do
dialog: this? Charlie's not the glamorous, smug asshole he imagined.
text: He starts lowering his gun.
speaker_heading: KNOX
dialog: Okay. You're right.
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: I'll just kill you.
speaker_heading: BLAM!
text: It all happens in the blink of an eye. Knox fires, hitting
text: Charlie in the chest. Natalie leaps out and tackles Knox.
text: Alex dives and grabs the detonator, before it has a chance
dialog: to go off.
text: Dylan runs to Charlie's side.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Charlie, no. NO!
text: She hold shim in her arms as the other Angels gather round
text: their fallen leader. He gasps for air.
speaker_heading: DYLAN (CONT'D)
text: He's trying to say something.
text: Then Dylan notices something weird. He's not gasping for
text: air, there's something stuck in his mouth.
text: With a great, hacking cough, he spits it out. It's a voice
text: chip, like the one Dylan used in the opening scene.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Ucch, that tasted terrible!
text: The voice isn't Charlie's. Dylan reaches down and rips
text: off Charlie's mask, revealing...
speaker_heading: NATALIE
dialog: Bosley! Are you okay?
speaker_heading: BOSLEY
dialog: Think so.
text: He pulls back the padding from the suit, revealing a small
text: wound where the bullet grazed his side.
speaker_heading: BOSLEY (CONT'D)
text: Hurts, but it looks like it'll heel.
text: Dylan laughs, Alex ruffles his hair.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Hey, wait a second. If Bosley's
dialog: here... then where's Charlie?
text: The Angels all look at each other. No one knows.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTER PASSAGE - DAY
text: In gorgeous SLOW MOTION, the three angels walk side-by-side
text: with a calm assurance, fireballs exploding behind them.
dialog: They won.
text: As MUSIC rises, the ANGELS TRIPTYCH descends, then peels
dialog: away to reveal...
scene_heading: EXT. GORGEOUS BEACH - DAY
text: The angels kick back on the white sands, tropical drinks in-
text: hand. Bosley is there as well, with a grass hat and zinc
text: on his sniffer.
text: Charlie is on the cellular speakerphone.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S VOICE
dialog: Great work, angels. You'll be happy
dialog: to know you received another
dialog: presidential commendation.
text: The Angels, and Bosley, clink glasses.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Enjoy your vacation, angels.
speaker_heading: THE ANGELS
dialog: Thank you Charlie.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: They toast the speakerphone.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE'S VOICE
dialog: Alex, Natalie -- I know you've been
dialog: putting in some long hours on this case,
dialog: so I thought you might enjoy a chance to
text: catch up with some old friends.
text: NATALIE AND ALEX TURN TO SEE
speaker_heading: PETER AND JASON
text: walking across the beach towards them. Each is carrying a
text: drink of his own. They wave. Damn those men look good.
text: Alex and Natalie share a smile.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: Any chance you'll be joining us,
dialog: Charlie?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: A SUNNY DECK
text: We're in Charlie's point-of-view. We can see part of his
text: reflection in the window -- not enough to see his face,
dialog: but we get some sense of the man.
text: He turns away, begins walking. Steps down onto the sand.
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: (to cell phone)
dialog: I'd love to, Angels. But I have some
dialog: precious treasures to watch over.
text: With that, he hangs up. We stay in his P.O.V., walking
text: across the beach. And it's not just any beach.
dialog: TO THE LEFT, WE NOTICE
speaker_heading: PETE AND JASON
text: approaching. We're on the same beach.
text: Looking right, we see the backs of the Angels and Bosley.
text: They have no idea that Charlie is walking right behind them.
text: A beat, then Dylan looks back.
text: She looks directly as us -- at Charlie -- tracking as we
text: move past. Does she somehow recognize it's Charlie?
text: From her reaction, it's not clear.
dialog: A beat, then we...
scene_heading: CHARLIE'S ANGELS - 8/18/99 103.
scene_heading: REVERSE ANGLE/NOT P.O.V.
text: Dylan looks back forward again. Did she just see Charlie?
text: Her smile tells us she thinks she did.
text: She raises a toast.
speaker_heading: DYLAN
dialog: To Charlie.
scene_heading: THE ANGELS AND BOSLEY
dialog: To Charlie.
text: They knock glasses.
dialog: Right at the moment we should probably fade out, Bosley
text: spills his icy drink in his lap. His eyes go wide.
text: The Angels just have to laugh.
dialog: We FREEZE FRAME, then...
text: CUT TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
