dialog: screenplay
dialog: by
dialog: Alfonso cuarén
dialog: &
dialog: Timothy J. Sexton
text: OVER BLACK, a news report:
speaker_heading: TV VOICE
dialog: «.-the world was stunned today by the
dialog: death of Diego Ricardo, the youngest
dialog: person on the planet...
scene_heading: INT. CAFE -- DAY
text: Men and women standing, looking up. Sad and hopeless. Their
text: middle-aged faces bathed in the pale light of the television
text: they are silently watching.
speaker_heading: TV VOICE
text: Baby Diego was killed in a bar fight in
dialog: Buenos Aires after refusing to sign an
dialog: autograph...
text: A man enters the coffee shop, making his way through the
text: people: THEO FARON (55). Detached, unkempt, scruffy beard,
text: glasses, Theo is a veteran of hopelessness. He gave up
dialog: before the world did.
speaker_heading: TV VOICE
text: He was born in 2005, the son of Marcello
dialog: and Sandra Ricardo, a working class
dialog: couple from Buenos Aires....
text: Theo wedges his way to the counter. He orders:
speaker_heading: THEO
text: Coffee. Black.
text: Next to him, a 50-year-old woman stares up at the TV,
text: cradling a small dog, tears rolling down her face. Theo
text: waits, glancing at the old plasma TV without much interest.
text: ON TV: The face of “Baby” DIEGO (18), the most famous boy in
text: the world, a fair-haired teenager who has never lacked
text: anything, smiling a practiced smile.
speaker_heading: TV VOICE
dialog: Baby Diego struggled his entire life with
text: the celebrity status thrust upon him by
dialog: being the world’s youngest person.
text: ON TV: Stock footage of Diego's life. His baby portrait...
text: video footage of Diego learning to walk... Diego (8), at his
text: first communion... Diego (14), ambushed by paparazzi...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TV VOICE -
dialog: Different accounts suggest that Diego
text: spat in the face of a Zed who asked for
text: an autograph, which began the fight that
text: ended in his death. The Zed was lynched
text: by the angry crowd shortly thereafter.
text: Theo's coffee arrives. He lays exact change on the counter,
text: and starts to make his way out. Passing through the crowd.
text: Other people crying. Two grizzled POLICEMEN sip coffee,
text: watching the news.
speaker_heading: TV VOICE
dialog: Diego, the youngest person on earth, was
dialog: 18 years, 4 months, 2 days, 16 hours and
dialog: 8 minutes old.
text: Theo leaves the cafe.
scene_heading: EXT. CAFE -- DAY
text: Theo walks out with his coffee, facing the day. People
text: walking along quietly, bundled up. Some with dogs. It’s
text: cold. It’s wet. It’s sad. It’s London.
scene_heading: SUPER: LONDON, 2024 A.D.
text: A short distance from the cafe, Theo sets his coffee cup atop
text: a post box. Slow traffic rolls past. Mostly “old” cars, ‘08
text: models, some older. A couple of ‘18's. Motorized rickshaws
text: scoot around the edges. A double decker bus passes with
text: metal mesh on the windows. Bicycles.
text: A billboard, showing a stern-faced leader flanked by the
text: idealized profiles soldiers and policemen: “KEEPING ENGLAND
text: ALIVE”. Surveillance cameras on lamp posts and building
text: sides with tiny disclaimers: “For Your Protection.”
text: Theo takes out a flask from his pocket, unscrews the top,
text: about to pour it into his coffee, when behind him --
text: KA-BOOM! A BOMB EXPLODES inside the cafe, blowing out the
text: windows, rocking the ground.
text: Theo reels with the blast, knocked off balance...
text: Smoke pours through the shattered facade of the cafe. Wails
text: of PAIN, as people stagger out, covered in residue, holding
text: their wounds, bleeding. A woman missing an arm.
text: Theo regains his balance, shell-shocked, holding his ears.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: TITLE: “THE CHILDREN OF MEN”
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN -- DAY
text: Through a train window covered by steel mesh, a billboard
text: passing by: “GIVE HUMANITY A HAND - GET A FERTILITY TEST”
text: Theo rubs his ringing ears, watching the desolate green
dialog: landscape.
text: POCK! POCK! Projectiles smack against side of the train,
text: the steel mesh protecting the windows. Theo looks:
text: A gang is hurling rocks and bottles. 20-year-old males, some
text: with painted faces -- these are ZEDS. The youngest
dialog: generation on earth, nothing to lose, it all ends with them.
text: After throwing their load, the Zeds recede, disappearing
text: behind a billboard: “IS YOUR NEIGHBOR A TERRORIST? REPORT
scene_heading: ALL SUSPICIOUS ACTIVITY.”
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Fucking Zeds. Hurl a few rocks, crawl
text: back into their cracks.
text: Theo looks back to the train. Two middle-aged COPS face him
text: on the opposite seat, commuting home after a long day.
speaker_heading: cOP 1
dialog: It’s our fault. We indulged the whiney
text: pricks for too long. The last
dialog: generation. End of the line. Big deal.
dialog: (gestures to Cop 2)
dialog: Rick’s boy, he’s what, 20? He got dealt
dialog: the same hand. He didn’t quit. Good
dialog: boy, that Scottie. Joined the force,
dialog: what, a year ago?
speaker_heading: COP 2
dialog: Uh huh.
text: Cop 2 fumbles with something in his hand: a strip of pills.
speaker_heading: COP 1
dialog: Two weeks ago, he and some other rookies
text: walked into a Zed ambush. A real zedding.
dialog: Outnumbered, two to one, three to one --
dialog: hell, seven to one! When we got there
text: later, the floor was covered with blood.
text: Blood and teeth. Zed’s teeth. And the
dialog: rookies...not a bloody scratch.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: cop 1 (CONT'D)
dialog: They pummelled the pissant Zeds. You
dialog: could almost feel sorry for them. Those
dialog: zeds have numbers, but no discipline, no
dialog: technique. And more important, no pride.
speaker_heading: COP 2
dialog: Yeh.
text: Cop 2 pops one of the pills into his mouth.
dialog: cop 1
dialog: Pride. That’s what set us apart. That’s
dialog: why England’s still alive. Look at the
dialog: rest of the world. It’s hell out there.
text: Theo looks out the window. Graffiti on a wall: “LAST PERSON
text: TO DIE PLEASE TURN OFF THE LIGHTS”.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION -- AFTERNOON
text: Theo steps off the train. Policemen patrol the platform,
text: some with German Shepherds. He looks around, spotting an
text: older man across the way. He walks toward him.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Hey, amigo.
text: JASPER PALMER was young in the 60’s, and has refused to let
text: go of his youth ever since. Thick glasses, wispy beard, long
text: hair, he is probably the coolest 75-year-old on the planet.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Hi, Jasper.
text: The two old friends greet each other warmly.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: How's it going?
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Quite groovy. Quite, quite groovy.
scene_heading: EXT. RURAL ROAD -- DUSK
text: Abandoned fields with ruined farms, exhausted barns that look
text: like scarecrows.
text: A car crosses, its headlights cutting through the darkening
text: blue, passing machinery rusting on the fallow land. A Volvo
text: sedan, circa 2009, not mint but still reliable.
speaker_heading: JASPER (OFF)
dialog: Many get killed?
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ‘ THEO (OFF)
dialog: I don’t know. Fuck, the place was
dialog: packed.
speaker_heading: JASPER (OFF)
dialog: Who set the bomb?
speaker_heading: THEO (OFF)
text: Fuck knows. My ears are stiJ.l ringing.
speaker_heading: JASPER (OFF)
dialog: You mean the “eeeeeee”?
scene_heading: INT. JASPER’S CAR - DRIVING -- CONTINUOUS
text: Jasper watching his mirrors, navigating the sparse road.
text: Theo in the front seat, massaging his ears.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: (continues)
dialog: «+. "eeceecece”?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Ub huh.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: You know, pigs are planting most of them.
dialog: Then they blame Foogies, the 5 Fishes, or
dialog: whoever they want.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Right after it went off, there were some
text: wounded, crawling out. A bloody woman,
text: holding the hind of a dog. And the
text: people on the street, walking by.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: What did you do?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I left.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: I’m glad they missed you, amigo. Losing
dialog: you and Baby Diego on the same day would
dialog: be too much grief to bear.
dialog: (off Theo’s look)
dialog: You did hear about Baby Diego.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You kidding me?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: They say he was completely wasted.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Baby Diego was always wasted.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: He was a wanker.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Yeah, but he was the youngest wanker on
dialog: the planet.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Quite true. Quite, quite true.
text: Theo smiles. The headlights illuminate a wooded area.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODED ROAD -- DUSK
text: The Volvo slows down, and makes a left turn, going off the
text: road, stopping in front the woods.
text: Jasper and Theo get out. Jasper walks to the middle of the
text: empty road, looking both ways.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: (starting a joke)
dialog: So there‘s this supper. Scientists and
dialog: wise men, you know, Human Project, that
text: sort of bullocks.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (rolling with it)
dialog: Yeah...
text: Assured the coast is clear, Jasper walks toward a row of
text: bushes in front of the trees, illuminated by the headlights.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: They‘re throwing around theories about
dialog: the ultimate question: how is it that
dialog: human beings haven‘t had babies in 18
dialog: years?
text: Theo walking with Jasper toward the bushes.
speaker_heading: JASPER
text: The biologist blames genetic experiments
dialog: that altered DNA. The environmentalist
dialog: says that pollution and bio-experiments
dialog: poisoned the water. You know, the
dialog: typical jada jada.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Jasper removes one of the bushes -- it’s not rooted.
speaker_heading: JASPER
text: A New Age bloke claims Mama Nature is
text: merely protecting herself.
text: Theo removes another bush. This is a false hedge, hiding a
text: tiny dirt path behind it.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Then they all look at this English
text: scientist, who hasn‘t said a word, he
text: just keeps eating.
text: Jasper stops Theo.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: They ask him, “So, what do you think?
dialog: Why don’t people have babies anymore?”
text: The English bloke looks at them, he’s
text: chewing on a wing...
dialog: (thick English accent)
dialog: “I haven't a clue,” he says. “But this
dialog: stork is quite lovely, isn’t it?”
text: Jasper playfully hits Theo.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Waaah! You get it -- he’s eating a stork!
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Stork. That’s funny.
scene_heading: EXT. DIRT PATH -- DUSK
text: Through the woods, Jasper’s car crossing the dirt path, the
text: headlights on.
speaker_heading: THEO (OFF)
dialog: How's Janice?
speaker_heading: : JASPER (OFF)
dialog: She’s lovely.
scene_heading: INT. JASPER'S CAR - DRIVING -- CONTINUOUS
text: Jasper navigates the dirt path carefully.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: (sighs)
text: Tends to wander off occasionally.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JASPER (CONT'D)
dialog: I found her last week on the other side
text: of the brook. Mud all over her nightgown, .
dialog: shivering a death of cold, poor thing.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: When she’s her normal self, she’s been
dialog: mentioning it. Quietus.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Quietus?
speaker_heading: JASPER
text: She feels worthless. She feels a burden
dialog: to me. When she’s lucid, she remembers
dialog: what we used to be.
text: Through the windshield, in a clearing in the trees, visible
text: in the last light of day: a low-tech, jury-rigged eco-house,
text: complete with primitive solar panels and a grass roof.
scene_heading: INT. JASPER'S HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: The Stones’ "Ruby Tuesday” plays. JANICE (70) sits ina
text: chair, staring ahead. She was young in the 60’s, and now is
text: old. The light is gone from her eyes, her face a blank mask.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Hi, Sweetie.
text: Jasper kisses her. Janice does not react.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Theo’s here. He came for a little visit.
dialog: Theo, remember? Your Rebel With a Lost
dialog: Cause?
text: Jasper motions Theo over.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Hi, Janice.
text: No response from Janice. She is staring at a wall of photos.
text: Her lifetime frozen in images. A shrine to her past.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: She's not always like this. She’s in and
dialog: out.
scene_heading: INT. JASPER’S KITCHEN -- NIGHT
text: Jasper and Theo at the kitchen table, eating vegetable soup.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED =
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: A couple weeks ago, I came on this Dutch
text: bloke, lost out back in the woods. Poor
dialog: soul, wasn’t much left of him. Remember
dialog: the pictures of those starving wretches
dialog: in Ethiopia? Same thing, only blond. He
dialog: said he‘’d escaped from Bexhill. They dug
text: a tunnel under the fence and came over,
dialog: 200 of them. Mostly French, Spaniards...
dialog: (emphasis for Theo)
dialog: ...a few Americans. They were crossing
text: no man’s land. Soldiers caught them.
dialog: Lined them up, shot them down. 200
dialog: hundred refugees. Unarmed. Bam. Just
dialog: like that. Keeping England Alive. It
dialog: didn’t make the news.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Not surprising.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Somehow this bloke escaped, got through
dialog: no man’s land, got over that hill. I
dialog: gave him some food. Amigo, he told me
dialog: some spooky stories about what’s
dialog: happening in Europe. Atrocities you'd
text: never believe. And the look in his eyes.
text: Jasper eats a spoonful of soup, looking at Theo.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: It’s sick. What humans can do to each
dialog: other.
text: Theo ponders a potato.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: I offered to hide him. He refused. Said
dialog: he had to get to London. Said he had
dialog: friends there. He left. All the way to
dialog: London, no papers.
speaker_heading: . THEO
dialog: He won‘’t make it.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: I know.
text: They both eat a spoonful of soup.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: But I’d like to think he would.
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: INT. JASPER’S GREENHOUSE -- NIGHT
text: A make-shift affair, grow lights coaxing marijuana plants
text: into bloom. Theo and Jasper chill, Jasper rolling a joint.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Business has been slow. Daddy government
dialog: gives pills and anti-depressants as part
dialog: of your ration...
dialog: (shows joint)
dialog: +.-and the Buddha is still illegal! Most
dialog: of my weed now goes to Bexhill. A bloke
text: buys it from me and smuggles it over.
dialog: Guess what he does. His real job.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Border cop.
speaker_heading: JASPER
text: Bravo. He smuggles it through no-man’s
dialog: land.
text: Jasper fires a joint.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: (offers Theo a hit)
dialog: Want some?
text: Theo shakes his head.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Jasper, you’re taking the whole thing too
dialog: personally. In 80 years, humanity will
dialog: disappear. So what? Ninety-eight
dialog: percent of the species that roamed around
dialog: earth have gone extinct.
text: Jasper takes another hit.
text: Theo nods.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: The dinosaurs had a pretty good run of
dialog: it. Now it’s our turn. What would we be
dialog: so damn special? Just because we left
text: behind a few interesting piles of rocks?
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: And some books. Some really awesome
dialog: books. And those really smashing
dialog: symphonies.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ll.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
dialog: Dylan.
text: The two men smile and fall quiet.
speaker_heading: JASPER
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: We made a bullocks of the whole thing,
dialog: didn’t we? Maybe God is ready for a
text: little peace and quiet.
scene_heading: INT. JASPER’S HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Janice still staring at the wall. Theo comes to her. He
text: takes the hair brush she is holding. And begins brushing her
text: long gray hair.
text: Among the photos on the wall, one taken at a demonstration
text: catches Theo’s attention: a younger Janice and Jasper,
text: locking arms with Theo, defiant and long-haired, and a young
text: woman with the same attitude. Theo carries a 2-year-old boy
text: in a baby backpack. A placard for “Global Democracy” can be
text: read behind them.
scene_heading: INT. THEO'S APARTMENT -- DAY
text: Through a window, we see identical functional apartment
text: buildings on a foggy morning. Next to the window: an old
text: plasma wide-screen TV displays the time.
text: A digit changes -- 8:30. The TV turns on.
text: ON TV: A woman reads the morning news. War torn streets.
text: Militia’s marching. Citizens watching fearfully out their
text: windows. A 50-year-old soldier in fatigues and beret, a
text: Dixie flag flying behind, gives a speech to a crowd in front
text: of the ruined facade of Camden Yards.
speaker_heading: TV VOICE
dialog: ...the American city of Baltimore fell to
dialog: the Southern Alliance after months of
text: furious street battles. It is seen as
dialog: the biggest setback to the national
dialog: government since the invasion of Northern
dialog: California by the Oregon Alliance. The
dialog: national government in D.C. has steadily
dialog: lost popular support since its bombing of
dialog: Cincinnati seven years ago in an attempt
dialog: to eradicate militia strongholds.
text: Reflected in the window: CLICK! a light on a side table goes
text: on. A form gets up slowly, sitting up on a bed... it’s Theo,
text: shaking out the cobwebs, his head foggier than London.
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET’ -- DAY
text: Seven people, men and women, standing with their hands up
text: against a brick wall. Police dogs growl and sniff at their
text: heels. Policemen linger behind them.
speaker_heading: THEO (OFF)
dialog: All the past historical events, the so-
dialog: called facts, flow to one point...
text: Theo walks past. He’s dressed for the day in a worn tweed
text: jacket, a leather pack strapped over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: THEO (OFF)
dialog: (continues)
dialog: .+-which we call the present.
scene_heading: EXT. UNIVERSITY -- DAY
text: Theo enters a gate fringed with barbed wire.
speaker_heading: THEO (OFF)
dialog: (continues )
dialog: And then there are all the events which
dialog: have yet to occur...
text: Not the grand hails of Oxford, rather, a cluster of one-
text: storey concrete buildings, circa 2000.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: {continues )
dialog: +--the future.
scene_heading: INT. UNIVERSITY - SECURITY GATE -- DAY
text: A security machine swallows his leather case as Theo stands
text: with his arms spread, a Guard frisking him.
speaker_heading: THEO (OFF)
dialog: (continues )
text: The moment where the past and the future
text: meet is the tip of both cones.
scene_heading: INT. LECTURE ROOM -- DAY
text: Theo, somewhat animated, draws two “V” cones on a black
text: board, the tips touching each other.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (continues )
dialog: This tip is not only a moment. It’s a
dialog: perception, and there are as many
dialog: perceptions as people on this planet.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Theo faces the sizeable lecture room, three quarters empty.
text: Students stare back at him blankly. People in sleeping bags
text: in back. A man snores in the front row, his pants wet, the
text: urine dripping to the floor.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Any questions?
scene_heading: EXT. STREET -- DAY
text: SIRENS, screaming from police cars, racing by, disappearing
text: into the distance.
text: Theo walks on the sidewalk. A billboard, soothing graphics,
text: blue on blue: “QUIETUS -~- you can find relief.”
text: The sidewalk strewn with trash, lethargic breeze. A young
text: couple, embracing, kissing in the open.
text: Theo walks by, leather case over his shoulder. He’s holding
text: a book, reading as he walks: “Salem’s Lot” by Stephen King.
text: The young couple breaks their embrace. They begin to follow
text: Theo from behind. He does not notice, reading about a boy
text: who got himself locked inside a vampire’s room.
text: The couple follows, pulling ski masks over their heads.
text: As Theo approaches the corner, a van appears on the street,
text: skidding to a stop, blocking his path. He slows down...
text: A motorcycle comes from behind, skidding to a stop, blocking
text: his street side. Theo pauses, confused --
text: The ski masked couple upon him, he pulling out a burlap sack,
text: she pulling out a pistol.
text: And the van door slides open, showing a masked man holding a
text: semi-automatic gun.
text: Theo reacts, backing away --
text: The woman sticks the gun into his ribs, whispering an order:
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Quiet.
text: The burlap sack comes over Theo's head. She shoves him
text: through the van door.
text: The motorcycle revs, ready to go. The man hops on behind.
text: The woman jumps into the van, the door slides shut.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The motorcycle peels off in one direction.
text: The van tears off the other way.
scene_heading: INT. KIDNAPPER’S ROOM -- DAY
dialog: Blackness.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Not so tight...bring some water... put
dialog: your hood on...
text: The burlap sack comes off. Newspapers glued on the walls,
text: covering them over. Theo is cuffed to a chair. A light
text: shines in his face. A Tall Man in a mask holding it.
speaker_heading: TALL MAN (LUKE)
dialog: You are under the jurisdiction of the 5
dialog: Fishes. Your basic human rights will be
dialog: respected. You will be expected to keep
dialog: this encounter confidential. To ensure
dialog: this, you will be under constant
dialog: surveillance, as you have been for the
dialog: last two months. The 5 Fishes have eyes
dialog: everywhere. Do you need water?
text: Theo nods, cotton-mouth.
speaker_heading: TALL MAN (LUKE)
dialog: Water.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Are the handcuffs necessary?
speaker_heading: TALL MAN (LUKE)
dialog: Unfortunately, yes.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: (an order)
text: Uncuff him.
speaker_heading: TALL MAN (LUKE)
dialog: I‘don't think --
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Do it.
text: The Tall Man gestures. A Short Man (PATRIC) goes behind Theo
text: and begins unfastening the cuffs. Another hooded man gives
text: him a glass of water.
text: A woman in a mask approaches, walking with a limp.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: “The only reason to breathe is to make a
dialog: difference.”
text: Theo reacts, taken aback. The woman sits down, facing him.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Those are your words, remember? “The
dialog: only reason to breathe is to make a
dialog: difference.”
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You want to know the truth? I got that
dialog: from a Chinese fortune cookie.
text: The woman takes the mask off. JULIAN TAYLOR is Theo’s age,
text: and although life has taken a harder toll on her, she still
text: radiates the beauty of someone who believes. A scar runs
text: along the side of her face.
text: Theo is stunned. He recovers with a smirk.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Not bad for somebody whose been dead for
dialog: six years.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: I met Theo when we were 20, during an
dialog: anti-globalization demonstration in
dialog: Seattle. He was a man of ideals,
text: dreadlocks and hemp. We locked eyes
text: while chanting “WIO OUT”.
text: Julian locks eyes with Theo.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: (chanting)
text: “WTO OUT! WTO OUT!” And by time the
dialog: police attacked, we were making out. We
text: kissed as the tears ran down our faces
dialog: from the tear gas. We fell in love. We
dialog: were going to change the world -- our
dialog: love was going to change the world. You
dialog: know, the John and Yoko bug.
text: Though Julian addresses the half dozen people in the room,
text: her eyes on Theo. They are the only two without hoods. He
text: checks his coat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 16.
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: ‘ THEO
dialog: Can I have my flask?
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: Theo was pissed that all the money for
dialog: health and education was going to army
dialog: contractors. So he had this idea. We
dialog: would chain ourselves to the sculpture in
text: front of the Boeing corporate
text: headquarters. Naked.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Naked was your idea.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: We got shy, stopped at our underwear,
dialog: thank god, and we chained ourselves to
dialog: the sculpture. And we threw away the
dialog: key. Full commitment. Now we're waiting
text: for the employees to show up. Waiting
dialog: for the TV cameras to show up. And it’s
dialog: cold. And nobody is showing up. It gets
dialog: colder. So we start yelling. “Hello?
dialog: Help?” I mean, where’s a surveillance
dialog: camera when you need one? It’s getting
text: even colder. Finally, a patrol car
text: comes. The cops get out, they're looking
text: at us. We‘re chained, we’re shivering,
dialog: we're in our underwear.
text: Julian and Theo looking at each other, reliving this moment.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Cops says, “What are you doing?” And you
text: say, “Protesting.” Cop says, “Come back
dialog: tomorrow.” And I said, “Why?” Cop says--
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: “It’s Columbus Day.”
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: Yeah.
text: They smile, looking at each other. A moment.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Is this why I’m here? To reminisce about
dialog: the good old days?
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: I need your help.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3}
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Can I have my flask?
scene_heading: INT. 5 FISHES HIDE-OUT - CELLAR -- NIGHT
text: They’re in some sort of basement room with no windows. Theo
text: sips his flask. Julian smokes a cigarette.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Death suits you.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You get used to it. They made a big deal
dialog: about it in the papers, didn’t they?
dialog: That unfortunate gas explosion.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (recalling)
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: My stove was electric. -
speaker_heading: THEO
text: There was a body.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: When the bomb exploded, it blew me down
dialog: the stairs. But there was Algerian
dialog: refugee staying at my flat. Fatima.
dialog: That’s the charcoal they found. Poor
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (pissed)
dialog: You could have called. You could have
dialog: told me.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: What was the point?
speaker_heading: TREO
dialog: It’s courtesy.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: I’m sorry. The only way for me to stay
dialog: alive was to stay dead.
text: Theo looks at Julian with tenderness.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: And the limp... was that the...explosion?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
text: The scar was the explosion. The limp is
dialog: from prison.
dialog: {points to her left ear)
dialog: And the hearing loss. And the
dialog: nightmares.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Ahuh...
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: Eight years. Isle of Skye.
text: Julian stubs out her cigarette.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You always got off on martyrdom.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: I need an exit visa, Theo.
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: Not for me. There’s a girl we need to
dialog: get out of the country. If they find
dialog: her, they will kill her.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: What’d she do?
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: I'm not allowed to go into detail. But
dialog: you have to trust me. You have to do
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: There’s nothing I can do.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: Teddy Phillips offered you a position
dialog: with the Noah Project three years ago.
dialog: He’s the Minister of Culture.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: It’s a bullshit project, a million people
dialog: starving to death in Madrid, and we march
dialog: in and save the Goyas --
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: That’s not the point. He can get you a
dialog: visa. He’s your friend. You never asked
dialog: your friends for help.
text: Julian looks at Theo.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: This girl is in trouble, Theo, and we can
dialog: help her.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I kicked idealism.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
text: She’s 21. Twenty-one.
text: This lands with Theo. Julian knows it -- she expected it.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: Dylan would have been her age.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: That‘s low.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: That’s how strongly I feel. I never
dialog: asked you for anything before, did I?
text: Off Theo, knowing that she hasn't.
scene_heading: INT. VAN - MOVING -- DAY
text: Theo in back facing the rear, blindfolded. PATRIC (25) drives
text: ~- Irish, dreadlocks, committed. Facing Theo is LUKE (45) --
dialog: moral authority, practiced compassion, unwavering certainty.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You understand that disclosing Julian’s
dialog: identity would put her in extreme
dialog: jeopardy. Quite frankly, everyone
dialog: opposed her taking this risk.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: She’s stubborn.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: She‘s a true believer.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You’re Luke Grissom, right?
dialog: (no response)
dialog: The priest. I met you before. At that
dialog: London thing.
text: Silence. The two men remembering London.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: The London massacre unleashed so many
dialog: demons. Not only the military coup. The
dialog: famine, the Zed event...
text: Theo remains quiet.
speaker_heading: LUKE ;
dialog: I’m sorry about what happened to you. I
dialog: can’t imagine that kind of loss.
text: Luke pulls on his ski mask. The van slows down. Patric
text: pulls on his mask.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (to Theo)
dialog: You may take off your blindfold.
text: Theo pulls off his blindfold, blinking with the sudden light.
text: Luke hands him a piece of paper and a coin.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Call this number if you need to contact
dialog: us. The token is for the bus.
text: The van stops. The door slides opens.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - BUS STOP -- CONTINUOUS
text: Theo steps out of the van at a bus stop. A billboard shows a
text: young couple tenderly holding a creature which looks
text: impossibly similar to a baby. A doll. A slogan: “LOVE IS
dialog: WHAT YOU GIVE.” In smaller print: “Now with body temperature
dialog: and breathing motion.”
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: This mission is a good deed. I don’t
dialog: need to tell you that Julian is only
dialog: involved with good deeds.
text: The door slides shut as the van drives off, leaving Theo in
text: the midst of a dozen lingering prostitutes, oblivious to the
text: security cameras rigged on the bus stop, a few tiny pooches
text: tapping around.
text: A double-decker with steel meshed windows coming down the
dialog: street.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DOWNTOWN LONDON -- DAY
text: A Rolis Royce passing through a heavily guarded restricted
text: gate, leading into the pristine London Mall.
dialog: 21.
scene_heading: INT. ROLLS ROYCE - DRIVING -- Day
text: A uniformed chauffeur drives, Theo in back, now dressed in a
text: worn-out suit, looking out the window:
text: On the London Mall, well-dressed citizens on their afternoon
text: outing, some walking their dogs, which are dressed in
text: matching outfits. Some dressed in chaps, riding horses. The
dialog: privileged minority. A restricted zone.
scene_heading: SOUTHWARK BRIDGE CHECK POINT
text: The chauffeur stops at a security gate at the entrance to the
text: Southwark bridge. He hands papers to a Security Officer.
text: Guards check under the car with mirrors. Dogs sniff for
text: bombs. They are waved through.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DRIVING -- CONTINUOUS
text: Coming over the bridge: an imposing brick structure, its
text: square tower dominating the gloomy sky: the modern Tate
dialog: Museum.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND PARKING -- DAY
text: The Rolls Royce parks, a security guard opening the door.
text: Theo gets out. Dogs sniff at him, surveillance cameras
text: training over. A government official comes to meet him,
text: extending his hand, smiling. Theo mumbles something. The
text: official explodes with a forced laugh.
scene_heading: INT. MODERN TATE MUSEUM - CHECK POINT -- DAY
text: Theo crosses through a body scanner. A screen outlines his
text: skeleton and solid objects, zipper, coins, his flask.
scene_heading: INT. MODERN TATE MUSEUM -- DAY
text: The Official leads Theo through a hall hung with paintings,
text: arriving at a door, leaving him there, walking away. Theo
dialog: enters...
scene_heading: INT. MODERN TATE MUSEUM - GREAT HALL -- CONTINUOUS
text: Theo is awed. In the middle of the marble hall, under the
text: soft glow of a skylight dome, standing alone, in its
dialog: perfection, inviting, Michelangelo's David. ‘The real thing.
text: Theo is drawn to the sculpture --
text: WOOF! Two Irish Mastiffs laying on the floor in front of the
text: David. Theo doesn’t speak dog, but knows that means stop.
text: Deep growls, the Mastiffs sit up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: From behind the David, a man appears, THEODORE “Teddy”
text: PHILLIPS. Around Theo’s age, but looking younger, Teddy is
text: dressed in T-shirt and jeans. The fragile enthusiasm of
dialog: someone who found an external reason to hold on.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: We couldn’t save “La Pieta’”. It was
dialog: already smashed by the time we got there.
dialog: But this is rummy, eh?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: My Mom had a plastic one in the bathroom.
text: It was a lamp.
text: Teddy approaches Theo.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Hey, bro.
text: Teddy and Theo embrace.
scene_heading: INT. REMBRANDT HALL - MODERN TATE MUSEUM -~ DAY
text: An endless corridor, hung with masterpieces on both walls.
text: Teddy throws a tennis ball down the corridor, the Mastiffs
text: chase after it, shrinking in the distance.
text: Teddy and Theo carry drinks. Rembrandt's self-portraits age
text: as they pass.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
text: +-.the self-portraits. Scattered around
dialog: the world. Pain in the ass putting them
dialog: together. We have most of them. We lost
dialog: the one at the Frick. That thing in New
dialog: York was a real blow to art.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Not to mention people.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: This one blows my mind. His last one.
text: He stops in front of Rembrandt’s final self-portrait.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
text: Look at him. An old Dutch bloke. Filled
text: with remorse. He’s saying something.
dialog: Can you tell what he’s saying?
text: Theo looks at the portrait.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: “Oh, well...”
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Exactly. This bloke did some of the
dialog: wickedest masterpieces in human history,
text: and here he is. At the end of his days.
dialog: Looking at you. Regretful, mischievous...
dialog: “Oh, well.”
text: An old Rembrandt looks down at them.
scene_heading: INT. PICASSO HALL -- DAY
text: Planes drop bombs on civilians. Black and white cubist
text: mayhem. Theo and Teddy stand in front of Picasso’s
text: “Guernica”. The real thing. The Mastiffs sit nearby.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: I sent you some tasty French wine for
dialog: your birthday, I hope you got it --
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Yeah, I meant to call. Thank you.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: How are you doing, bro?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Not so well. I think I need to change
dialog: course. Try something different.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: I must say, I was astounded you were
dialog: still interested.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You gotta admit, it’s kind of kinky.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Wasting precious social resources to
dialog: assemble an art collection that will be
dialog: enjoyed by no one.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Trading guns for art.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Noticias, bro. Latin America se acabé.
dialog: Italy finito. France c’est fini.
dialog: Germany kaput. Sayonara Japan. Bye, bye
dialog: America. We used to try to save the
dialog: world, but it was too late.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TEDDY (CONT'D)
dialog: The world chose to save itself instead.
dialog: We might as well save what made us great.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Ahun.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: You still don’t get it. Do you good to
dialog: get you out of your cave, bro.
text: Teddy looks at Theo -- silently acknowledging his friend’s
dialog: rough time.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: We got the Hermitage, and saved most of
dialog: the Reik.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Paris is not going to hold. Quel dommage.
dialog: They’re letting us have a peek at the
text: Louvre before the looters get to it.
dialog: You'll have to be quite selective.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: My Aunt had a Mona Lisa in her living
dialog: room.
text: Teddy smiles, gives Theo a friendly pat.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: It’s so rummy you're doing this, bro.
scene_heading: INT. TERRACE - MODERN TATE MUSEUM -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: Theo and Teddy hang, drinking a bottle of 2004 Chateau
text: Margeaux, looking down on London. The Thames flows by, St.
text: Paul’s shows off, the day prepares to end. Quiet.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I'll need a pair of exit visas.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: A pair?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: There’s this girl.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: Paris n’est plus la ville des amants.
dialog: It's real hell down there.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I know, but you know.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You dog. Something serious?
speaker_heading: THEO
text: A couple of bruises.
text: Teddy opens a small silver case. He takes out a pill,
text: offering it to Theo, who shakes his head, staring at him.
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You amaze me. What keeps you going? In
dialog: a hundred years, there won’t be one sad
dialog: fuck left to remember you. What is it?
speaker_heading: TEDDY
dialog: You really know what it is, bro? I just
dialog: don’t think about it.
text: Teddy pops the pill, washing it down with wine.
scene_heading: INT. MOVIE THEATRE -- NIGHT
text: ON THE SCREEN: “A Hard Day's Night”. The four lads escaping
text: from a hoard of fans...
speaker_heading: BEATLES
dialog: (singing)
dialog: “Can’t buy me love...”
text: Theo pushes through a thick red curtain, entering the mostly
text: empty theatre. He walks down the aisle. He takes a seat.
text: ON THE SCREEN: An empty treeless park, the lads frolicking
text: gleefully, falling all over each other. Goofy abandon.
text: A VOICE behind Theo:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Don’t turn around. Do you have it?
text: Theo takes an envelope from his pocket, reaching it back --
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Please put it under the seat.
text: Theo puts the envelope under the seat. The man behind him
text: takes it. It’s Luke.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: LUKE
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: It’s a joint visa.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: She’s my companion. She can only leave
dialog: the country with me.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Why did you -~ ?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: It's what they gave me.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: So you’ll have to come.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I‘'m not going. Tell Julian I did what I
dialog: could.
text: Theo stands to leave.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What are we supposed to do?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Have a democratic assembly, or one of
dialog: those things you guys like.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Faron -~
speaker_heading: THEO |
dialog: I've seen the movie. I know how it ends.
text: ON THE SCREEN: The lads‘ fun comes to an abrupt end when they
text: are confronted by a stern COP.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: (in the movie)
dialog: Do you realize this is private property?
speaker_heading: RINGO & PAUL
dialog: (in the movie)
dialog: Sorry, sorry...
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: INT. QUIETUS AUDITORIUM -- DaY
text: Rolling clouds across a glorious blue sky, touched with
dialog: colors of a gently fading sun, a glimpse of heaven. You
text: almost don’t notice the pixels.
text: Profiles of faces lying down on soft pads, staring at the
text: clouds projected on the ceiling. Mostly older men and women,
text: some middle-agers, and a few in their youth. Soothing music
text: suffuses the ambience, and a gentle female voice:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Forgiveness. Experience forgiveness.
dialog: Dwell in forgiveness. Forgiveness
dialog: towards those who purposely caused you
dialog: pain. Forgiveness. Forgiveness towards
dialog: those who unwittingly caused you pain.
dialog: Forgiveness. Forgiveness towards
dialog: yourself. Forgiveness. Forgiveness.
dialog: Dwell in forgiveness.
text: The participants rest on the floor, as if entering a gentle
text: sleep. They are dying.
text: It’s peaceful. It’s inviting. It’s Quietus.
text: Attendants dressed in white gently administer to each
text: participant. Holding them. Offering each a cup to drink
text: from. After they have drunk, they are laid gently back down.
scene_heading: ABOVE - BEHIND THE GLASS
text: A few dozen people arrayed on the bleacher seats. Some are
text: there to observe loved ones make their final passage. Others
dialog: are just looking for a warm place to sleep.
text: Theo arrives, harried -- he has rushed to get there. He
text: looks around the vast bleacher section, and finds:
text: Jasper standing by the glass, looking below. Theo approaches.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: She left a note. I didn’t get here in
dialog: time.
text: Theo stands next to him.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: They say it is a peaceful way to go.
text: Though the window, they see:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: BELOW - ON THE MAIN FLOOR
text: An Attendant approaches Janice. Her face is not the blank
text: mask of before -- her eyes are moist with profound awareness
dialog: of the end.
text: The Attendant holds up the cup. Janice reaches her hand
text: towards it, shaking. The Attendant steadies her hand her
text: hand around it. Janice drinks.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Gratitude. Immerse yourself in
dialog: gratitude. Gratitude. Gratitude for
dialog: those who brought you joy. Gratitude.
dialog: Gratitude for those who brought you pain.
dialog: Gratitude. Gratitude for your unique
dialog: journey. Gratitude. Gratitude. Dwell
dialog: in gratitude.
text: Janice’s grip slips from the cup. Her entire body relaxes.
text: The Attendant gently lays her down on the soft pad.
scene_heading: ABOVE - BEHIND THE GLASS
text: Jasper and Theo, watching.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: We had just moved to Paris. We didn’t
dialog: have much, a mattress, a couch. We were
dialog: doing really bad, with dough. That day,
dialog: I got back early from the Sorbonne. And
text: I saw her from the window, coming home,
dialog: carrying flowers. There was this curtain
dialog: that was our closet, and I hid behind it.
text: Through the glass, behind them, a disturbance: An Old Man
text: resists the cup offered to him, knocking it away. The lights
text: on the main floor cut out.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: (continues )
dialog: And I watched her... She put the flowers
text: in a drinking glass, and she sat on the
text: sofa, looking at them.
text: The lights go up on the main floor, everything returned to
text: its state of peace. The Old Man lays completely still.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: (continues )
dialog: She was humming that “I love Paris in the
text: springtime” song. Very softly. Lost in
text: her reveries.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: JASPER (CONT'D)
dialog: She stayed there, just like that.
text: Looking at the flowers. For a long time.
dialog: And you know what she was doing? She was
dialog: picking her nose. She always did that
text: when she thought nobody was watching her.
dialog: Did you ever notice?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (lying)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: That’s what she did. She picked her
dialog: nose...
dialog: (shows his little finger)
text: With her pinky.
text: Jasper looks down at Janice.
speaker_heading: JASPER
text: She’s gone.
scene_heading: BELOW - ON THE MAIN FLOOR
text: Janice stares up at the clouds rolling across the ceiling.
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: There is a light. Experience the light.
text: Dwell in the light. Repose in the light.
text: The light is soothing. The light is
dialog: comforting. The light is love. It’s a
text: light that shines forever.
scene_heading: INT. PICK-UP OFFICE - QUIETUS -- DAY
text: Theo waiting on a plastic couch in the simple white room.
text: People at the counter, picking up paper bags that resemble
text: sacks of flour.
text: Jasper returns from the counter, holding a brown sack. Theo
text: stands to meet him.
speaker_heading: JASPER
text: She's still warn.
scene_heading: EXT. QUIETUS -- DAY
text: Outside, the street is quiet. Theo and Jasper walk. Jasper,
text: stoic, is holding Janice’s bag of ashes. Suddenly --
text: Jasper breaks down. Crying. All of his 75 years now
text: revealed, all at once an old man.
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: INT. BAR -- DAY
text: ON TV: A couple walking through a beautiful park, carrying a
dialog: baby. Slow motion sentimentality.
speaker_heading: COMMERICIAL VOICE
dialog: --.she has her daddy’s eyes, and her
text: mommy’s smile. She cries when she’s
text: hungry, she cries when she’s wet. Her
dialog: skin is so smooth it warms your heart.
text: ON TV: A closer look at the baby: beautiful eyes, beautiful
text: smile, smooth skin. But it’s still a doll.
speaker_heading: COMMERCIAL VOICE
dialog: Love is what you give.
text: Theo sitting in the bar, half-watching the tv, already drunk.
text: Two men sit on either side of him: Patric and Luke.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You looked better with your masks on.
text: Theo staring toward nothing. The two men looking at him in
dialog: expectation. Finally:
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I’l1l do it.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Thank you.
text: Luke slides a small paper across to Theo.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: We have to leave tomorrow.
text: Theo looks at the small paper: a TICKET to football match.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I don't like soccer.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: We call it football.
text: Luke and Patric start to leave.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Tell Julian I’1l take the girl to Paris.
dialog: Then I’m done.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
text: The men are gone. Theo takes a long gulp from his pint, and
text: returns his attention to the TV.
text: ON TV, a surveillance camera image: A man walking alone down
text: 4 remote narrow street illuminated by lights overhead. From
text: the darkness on either side... a gang of Zeds emerge.
speaker_heading: TV VOICE
dialog: ++-a security camera capturing the
text: shocking zedding of a 43-year-old man
text: from Shoreditch by a gang of Zed
dialog: hoodlums...
text: The Zeds swarm over the man, who disappears under their
text: onslaught. A moment later, the Zeds retreat back to the
text: darkness. One Zed left behind, staggering, holding a wound.
speaker_heading: TV VOICE
dialog: +.-it’s not clear if the Zed was stabbed
text: by the victim or by one of his own gang.
text: The wounded Zed falls to his knees, beside the man who lays
text: motionless on the sidewalk, naked, picked clean.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: The chant of English football...
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. ENGLISH FOOTBALL MATCH -- DAY
text: KICK! A cleated foot propels the ball into the air. Men
dialog: fight their way to it. We're well into a hard-fought English
text: football match. Players smeared in sweat and mud.
text: Theo in his seat, watching the match, drinking a beer, hair
text: of the dog. The stadium half filled, lethargic fans, some
text: faces painted, some holding little dogs. The sections
text: secured by barbed-wire fences, security cameras and policemen
dialog: everywhere. :
text: Theo searchés around. An older man sits next to him. A
text: middle-aged man on his other side. Both watching the game.
text: A Woman stands, blocking his view, her right hand a fist that
text: opens and shows: the “5 Fishes” logo drawn on her palm. The
text: hand closes, as she walks away.
text: Theo stands and follows her.
dialog: 32.
scene_heading: EXT. EXIT TUNNEL - STADIUM -- DAY
text: The woman walks through a tunnel, exiting the stadium. She’s
dialog: 40, and hates football.
text: Theo follows. On the wall, a billboard: “REPORT ANY
scene_heading: SUSPICIOUS ACTIVITY.”
scene_heading: EXT. STADIUM -- DAY
text: The crowd roars a goal as the woman crosses the concrete
text: plain. Theo follows, a few yards behind.
text: The woman walks to a bus stop with a billboard: “KEEPING
scene_heading: ENGLAND ALIVE - FERTILITY TESTS - YOUR OBLIGATION.” A double-
text: decker about to leave. As the bus starts to move, she gets
dialog: on.
text: Theo runs, catching up to the rear of the bus, jumping on
text: through the back door.
scene_heading: INT. DOUBLE DECKER BUS -- CONTINUOUS
text: Theo has just climbed inside, and he’s out of breath. The
text: woman is going up the stairs. Theo follows.
text: Theo emerges on the upper deck. The woman sits at the front.
text: An overhead security camera keeping vigil. He sits down
text: heavily in the first seat he sees.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET -- DAY
text: The double-decker rolls though a suburban area, the outskirts
text: of London. Very few people. Shuttered stores. Abandoned
dialog: homes .
text: A billboard: “KEEPING ENGLAND ALIVE ~ DENOUNCE ILLEGAL
scene_heading: IMMIGRANTS - IT’S YOUR COUNTRY”.
scene_heading: INT. DOUBLE DECKER BUS - MOVING -- DAY
text: Through the metal meshed windows, the suburbs roll past. The
text: woman sits in front, staring ahead.
text: Theo in his seat, trying not to doze off.
text: The woman gets up. As she walks down the stairs, the
text: briefest eye contact -- it springs Theo up to his feet.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STOP - CITY OUTSKIRTS -- DAY
text: As the bus as rolls away, the woman walks across the street.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Theo stands at the empty bus stop, looking at her. She
text: stands on the other side, looking away. Theo waits. A few
text: dogs sniffing around.
text: A billboard showing a smiling woman looking at the sky at a
text: two-tone pill called “BLISS” The slogan: “JUST BE HAPPY.” In
text: smaller letters: “Now at kiosks”.
text: RRRRR! The roar of an approaching motor...
text: A motorcycle, appearing from down the street, skids to a stop
text: in front of the woman. She hops on the back. RRRRR! The
text: motorcycle tears away.
text: Leaving Theo alone. Confused. The motorcycle roar receding.
text: A FIAT MULTIPLA passenger wagon comes around the corner,
text: heading toward Theo. It stops in front of him. The back
text: door is opened.
text: Theo looks inside: Luke at the wheel, Julian beside him. ‘Two
text: other women in the back seat.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I didn’t know this was a family trip.
speaker_heading: LURE
dialog: Please get in.
text: Theo climbs in. As the door closes, the Multipla starts off.
scene_heading: INT. MULTIPLA WAGON ~- DRIVING -- CONTINUOUS
text: The Multipla pulling away. Theo accommodating himself,
text: glancing at the woman seated beside him, in the middle seat.
text: KEE (21) is dark-skinned, West Indies. When she was born,
text: the world was already falling apart. She grew up knowing
dialog: human life would not last much longer than her.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (to Julian)
dialog: Is' this the girl?
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: Her name is Kee. Kee, this is Theo.
text: Theo and Kee lock eyes.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: The fuck you watchin’ at?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Nothing. How you doing?
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Cheedo.
text: “Kee looks away. Theo looks around the car.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: So this is the elite unit?
text: MIRIAM (58), shy woman, Scottish, simply dressed, string
text: bracelets. She can't believe it’s the end of the world.
dialog: It’s not in the stars.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: This is Miriam and Luke.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: We’re coming to Dover. To make sure you
dialog: go away safely.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Cheers.
text: Theo senses the tension in the car -- everyone is nervous.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Are we going to have a little sing-along?
dialog: (no response)
dialog: Good. I'm going to take a nap.
text: Theo makes himself comfortable against the door and closes
text: his eyes, dozing.
scene_heading: EXT. CANTERBURY ROADS -- DAY
text: The roads of Canterbury are curvy, running through woods and
text: small hills. The Multipla cruises along.
scene_heading: INT. MULTIPLA - DRIVING -- DAY
text: A hand reaches over, nudging Theo awake.
speaker_heading: JULIAN'’S VOICE
dialog: Hey there.
text: Theo’s eyes open.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: You were snoring.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: No I wasn’t.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: He always snored.
speaker_heading: THEO
text: She farted in bed.
text: Julian smiles. Theo looks out the window at the wooded hills
text: passing by, getting his bearings.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Where are we?
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: Canterbury, believe it or not.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: No shit.
text: Kee laughs at the small TV flipped down from the ceiling.
text: ON TV: 70-year-old Mr. Bean kisses his teddy bear good-night.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (to Kee)
dialog: So what‘d you do?
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Why do you need to get out?
text: Silence. Kee looks to Julian.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Come on, Jules. I need to know
dialog: something. She's my travel buddy.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: {to Miriam)
dialog: Why I gotta go with this bloke? Why
dialog: can’t I go with you?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: You’ll be fine.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: (to Theo)
dialog: What do you know about the Human Project?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Julian, we're not supposed to --
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: We have to tell him sooner or later.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Iceland got scientists from all around
dialog: the world. And the country fell apart.
dialog: Like the rest of the world.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: That‘s what England wants you to believe,
text: as a pretext to sever ties with them.
dialog: It’s actually the last democracy on
dialog: earth.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: The brightest minds in the world are
dialog: there working together to find the cause
dialog: of infertility.
speaker_heading: THEO
text: The scientists ate the stork.
text: Blank stares.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Never mind.
dialog: (to Kee)
dialog: So, are you a scientist?
text: Miriam spots something out the window.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: There...
text: Through the windshield, up ahead: a BURNING CAR comes rolling
text: down a small hill, toward the road they’re travelling on.
text: Luke accelerates, the Multipla responds grudgingly.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: ‘ LUKE
dialog: We can make it.
text: The Multipla picks up speed. The burning car careening down
text: toward the road, but it looks like they may beat it...
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: Gol!
text: Luke slams the breaks, screeching to a stop, just avoiding --
speaker_heading: ROAD
text: The flaming car cuts them off -- SMASH! -- crashing into a
text: derelict car.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE MULTIPLA
text: Tense silence. The road is now blocked by the flaming car.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: This is not good.
text: They hear WAR CRIES.
text: EMERGING FROM THE TREES
text: ZEDS. A gang of 20ish males, faces painted, some masked,
text: armed with stones, sticks and knives. A tribe of hunters
text: descending down toward the road, in a wave, running at them ~~
scene_heading: INSIDE THE MULTIPLA
text: CRACK! The first stone hits the window.
speaker_heading: JULIAN
dialog: Go around!
text: Instead, Luke throws the car into reverse, screeching the car
text: backwards. The Zeds upon them, running down the car. CRACK!
text: Sticks and fists pounding, bodies piling on...
text: Luke keeps pedal to metal, screaming in reverse, the last
text: Zeds dropping off, giving chase, but can’t catch up...
speaker_heading: ROAD
text: A lone MOTORCYCLE comes from behind the burning car, two
text: riders in masks, racing through the running Zeds,
text: accelerating, towards the Multipla, coming closer...
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE MULTIPLA
text: Luke can't go any faster backwards, the motorcycle catches
text: up, running alongside them. The Zed on back looks in the
text: car, his eyes visible for an instant through his black mask.
text: Luke accelerates, and the motorcycle drops back, riding now
text: in front of the car.
text: Theo sees the Zed on back of the motorcycle rise up -- he’s
text: aiming a high-powered RIFLE at them --
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: He’s got a gun --
text: BANG! The bullet crashes through the windshield --
text: Julian jolts with the impact, blood spraying. The passengers
text: screaming in terror and disbelief:
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: (in car)
dialog: She’s hit! She’s hit!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (screaming to Miriam)
dialog: Cover her!
text: Miriam uses her body to protect Kee. Theo is reaching over
text: the seat, coming to Julian. She’s been hit in the neck,
text: she’s bleeding badly. Her eyes are open, alive, barely.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Cover the wound!
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Godammit, godammit!
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Cover the wound! Use your hand!
speaker_heading: ROAD
text: The motorcycle accelerates again, coming back alongside them.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE MULTIPLA
text: Theo sees the motorcycle approach, the Zed on back, pointing
text: the gun at him, about to shoot.
text: Abruptly, Theo throws open his door --
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: ROAD
text: WHACK! Theo’s car door hits the motorcycle. The driver
text: trying to keep balance, but he’s going too fast...
text: The motorcycle careens and spills, throwing the gunman into
text: the grass, the driver bouncing across the pavement, leaving
text: lots of skin behind.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE MULTIPLA
text: Luke slows the car just enough to execute a turn, spinning a
text: 180, heading away from the ambush, finally driving forward.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: How is she? How’s Julian?
speaker_heading: THEO
text: She's bleeding, she’s bleeding a lot...
text: Theo holds her throat wound with both hands, trying to dam
text: the blood with his fingers.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Hang on, Jules, hang on...
text: Julian reaches toward her throat, grabbing one of Theo's
text: hands. She squeezes the hand. Holding it tightly.
text: Miriam rubs her palms together, laying healing hands onto
text: Julian's head. Holding them there.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: She‘s making her transition.
text: Theo still holding Julian’s wound and her hand. Miriam’s
text: hands on her. Julian is dead. The car is silent. Then --
text: Approaching from the distance, they hear SIRENS.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Jesus .
text: It’s a police caravan, two squad cars and a tactical van,
text: coming from the opposite direction...
text: Luke plays it cool, maintaining his speed, as the caravan
text: heads right toward them...
text: The Police caravan flies past them, headed for the scene of
text: the ambush. There's a moment of relief. until:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: In Luke’s rear-view mirror: one of the police vehicles breaks
text: from the caravan, turning around, coming back toward them.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Jesus.
text: Sirens screaming, the police car following, getting closer.
text: Luke keeps driving.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Go, go, go, go, go!
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: You have to pull off.
text: The Policemen are right on their tail. There’s no choice.
text: Luke eases the car to a stop.
speaker_heading: ROAD
text: The police car skids to a stop behind the Multipla.
text: Immediately, two Policemen are out of their cars,
text: approaching, guns drawn, screaming:
speaker_heading: COP 1
dialog: Let’s see your hands!
speaker_heading: COP 2
dialog: Your hands, let’s see your hands!
text: IN THE MULTIPLA
text: Luke watches the two Policemen approach.
speaker_heading: COP 2
dialog: Out of the vehicle!
text: Miriam opens her door, Theo opens his, starting to get out.
speaker_heading: ROAD
text: Luke steps out his door, one hand raised in the air.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: We were attacked by Zeds --
dialog: cop i
dialog: Your hands!
text: Luke pulls his other hand from the car --
text: BANG! Luke’s other hand is holding a gun, and he’s shot Cop 1
text: through the heart. Before Cop 2 can react, Luke swivels --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: BANG! Luke gets off another shot, taking down Cop 2. Cop 2
text: fires off a shot --
text: BANG! Luke finishes Cop 2.
text: The echo of gunfire dissipates. Theo standing there, taking
text: it in. The two cops lay bleeding on the ground. Silence.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: The fuck?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Let's go.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: What did you do?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Let‘s go!
text: Theo stays there, confused. Luke levels the gun at Theo.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Let’s go.
text: Luke pointing the gun at Theo, who does not back down. He
text: appears ready to finish with Theo -- and Miriam can tell.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Don't, Luke.
dialog: (firmly to Theo)
dialog: Get in. Now!
text: Theo gets in the car. Luke gives the gun to Miriam.
scene_heading: INT. MULTIPLA - DRIVING -- DAY
text: Luke driving away. All business, taking control.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: We'll need a new car. We have to get off
dialog: the main roads --
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You just killed two men.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: We had no choice.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: No choice -- ?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: He's right.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: We'll need to find a safe house. I know
dialog: Fishes in this zone.
text: Miriam reaches forward, covering her hand over Julian’s eyes.
text: Theo looks at his bloody hands.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS -- DAY
text: Theo holding Julian’s body by the arms and torso, dragging
text: her uphill through the woods, Miriam helping with the feet.
text: They lay Julian's body between the trees. Miriam kneels
text: beside her, praying a simple mantra. Using her palms to
text: gently cover her eyes, her ears, her nose...
text: Theo looks at Julian, then turns away, anguished at the sight
text: of her violent death. Trying to catch his breath. And the
text: whole thing sinks in, the pain welling, overcoming him.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Fuck!
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: All is well.
text: Theo turns to Miriam. She has tears in her eyes.
speaker_heading: THEO
text: She is dead.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: (with certainty)
dialog: All is well. She died fulfilling her
dialog: duty.
text: Theo looks at Julian one more time.
speaker_heading: : THEO
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Whatever you choose to believe.
text: Theo looks at Miriam, shakes his head, incredulous. Kee is
text: waiting down the hill, next to the Multipla.
speaker_heading: KEE
text: Luke is coming.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: HONK! HONK! An old Vauxhaul sedan parking on the roadside.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD -- DAY
text: The empty, battered Multipla rolling downhill, picking up
text: speed, flying off the road over a steep embankment --
text: CRASH! The Multipla smashes into the dense woods below.
text: Disappearing into the foliage, metal crashing earth.
text: Theo, Luke, Miriam and Kee stand on the road next to the old
text: English Vauxhaul, circa 2008. Theo pissed off, looking like
text: hell, his shirt stained with Julian’s blood.
scene_heading: INT. VAUXHAUL - DRIVING -- NIGHT
text: English rain ~~ steady, cold, bone-moistening. In the car,
text: silence. Miriam looking forward. The remnants of tears on
text: Kee’s face.
text: Theo sits in front, the wipers scraping shadows across his
text: exhausted face. He’s numb, staring at the black night ahead
dialog: of him.
text: Luke puts on the turn signal. Getting off the main road.
scene_heading: EXT. MUDDY ROAD -- CONTINUOUS
text: The Vauxhaul struggling up a muddy rutted road.
scene_heading: INT. VAUXHAUL -- NIGHT
text: Luke honks three times. Through the windshield, the
text: headlights illuminate an old farm house. We see two men walk
text: outside the door. One of them holding a rifle.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Tom and Ian. They’re loyal fishes.
scene_heading: EXT. FARM HOUSE -- CONTINUOUS
text: The Vauxhaul parks in front of the stone farm house. Luke
text: turns the car off. The two men come to meet them.
text: TOM (58), strong, dark featured, farmer, with wrinkles that
dialog: come from working the earth. IAN (40), shorter, fine
text: features, small town bureaucrat, the paleness of a man who
text: works with paper in fluorescent light. Tom holds a rifle, an
dialog: AR-45, the next generation. -
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Everything's been taken care of.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It‘'s an honor, sir.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hide the car, Tom. Don’t block it. We
dialog: have to push start it.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (re: Kee and Miriam)
dialog: This is Kee, this is Miriam. They’1l
dialog: need a place to wash up and rest. We
dialog: need to convene.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: How bout Julian’s mate?
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: We’1l watch him.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: He needs a scrub. Get him a clean shirt.
dialog: We'll send him back to London.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM (FARM HOUSE) -- NIGHT
text: Theo standing in front of the mirror after his shower. The
text: bathroom is small, dank, uncared for. Theo wipes the mist
text: off the mirror, seeing himself. Reflected in the mirror, he
text: sees something on the wall behind him. He turns:
text: AN OLD PHOTO. A weathered portrait from 30 years back, taken
text: in front of the same farm house: a man, a woman... and their
text: 5 children. All 5 kids hanging on a tire swing hung from a
text: large tree. A document from a world now gone.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM (FARM HOUSE) -- NIGHT
text: Theo walking out of the bathroom wearing a fresh shirt. Tom
text: is seated in a chair, waiting, holding his rifle.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Shirt fit?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: It’s fine, thanks.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: (proud)
dialog: We've got an important meeting going on.
text: Fishes from all over the place.
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Beyond, through the door, Luke is gathered with 6 people we
dialog: haven't seen before.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Luke sent this for you.
text: Tom hands him a bottle of whiskey. Theo accepts it with a
text: smile -- the sad smile of someone aware of his condition.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You thank him for me.
text: Theo heads for the door.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: If you're going out, take a coat. Catch
dialog: a cold in this weather.
text: Tom points to the coat rack.
scene_heading: EXT. FARM HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: The rain has stopped. Theo, wearing a coat, standing outside
text: the farm house, taking the first sip from the bottle. Tom
text: pulling on his coat as he catches up, holding his rifle.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I'm in charge of watching you.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You're doing a good job, Tom.
text: Theo offers him the bottle. Tom shakes his head.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Alcohol is a tool of the government to
dialog: numb the people.
text: Theo takes another swallow.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: This your farm?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: House is mine. Consortium took the land
dialog: and the cows. They pay me shite.
text: Theo notices the old tree.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: That used to be a swing, right? A tire
dialog: swing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Yeh.
text: A frayed rope dangles from a thick branch, moving with the
text: breeze. A faint smile on Tom’s face, a memory.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Children’s stuff.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Yeah, children’s stuff.
text: From a short distance, Miriam shouts to Theo:
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Faron, Kee would like a word with you.
text: She’s in the barn.
dialog: (to Tom)
dialog: It’s okay, Tom. 1’11 watch him.
text: Theo gives a nod to Tom, then starts walking toward Miriam.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Mr. Faron.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: You talk funny. You’re from America?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: I‘m sorry about what happened there.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Thank you, Tom.
scene_heading: INT. BARN -- NIGHT
text: Theo comes through the wooden door.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: I’1l wait outside.
text: Miriam closes the door. Theo is inside the old stone barn,
text: housing 40 cows and industrial milking equipment.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Faron?
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Theo turns: toward the end of the barn, Kee stands behind one
dialog: of the cows.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You want to talk to me?
text: Theo starts walking toward her.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: You know they chop them cow’s tits? They
dialog: do -- zzzzt. Fly, gone, bye. Only leave
dialog: four. Four fits the machine. It’s
dialog: whacko. Why not make machines that suck
dialog: eight titties?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: That’s what you want to talk about. Cows
dialog: and titties?
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Julian told me ‘bout your baby.
text: Theo looks at her.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Said it wasn't your fault.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Did she tell you I was carrying him?
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Said there was a lotta of families that
dialog: day. Lotta kids. ‘Sposed to be a
dialog: peaceful demonstration. And then the
dialog: soldiers came.
text: Theo shaking his head, not wanting to remember.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Said you blamed yourself, but nothin’ you
dialog: could do, it wasn’t your fault.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I was carrying him!
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Said the baby’s name was Dylan.
dialog: This lands hard.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Said you gave up. Said you gave up ‘fore
dialog: the world did. Said you carried his
text: memory like a ball ‘n chain.
text: Theo feels the shackles.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Dylan was Julian's baby too. Only she
dialog: didn’t carry him like a ball ‘n chain.
text: She carried him like a balloon.
text: Julian’s words resonate.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Julian said anything go spooky, talk to
dialog: him. Said I could trust you. Said you'd
dialog: get me out of England.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Sorry, kid. It’s as far as I go. You've
dialog: got friends, you’1l be all right. Nice
dialog: chatting with you.
text: Theo makes to leave.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: You can’t go.
text: Kee begins to unbutton the front of her dress.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: You can’t leave me.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Don’t...
text: The dress slips from her shoulder. She covers her breasts
text: shyly. She is behind the cow, her chest bare. She is
text: shivering. She looks at Theo.
dialog: . KEE
dialog: Got to help me.
dialog: Theo wants no part of this.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Don't...
text: Kee steps from behind the cow. Her arm covering her swollen
text: breasts, her hand covering her panties.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
dialog: 49.
text: Theo is frozen. The sight of her naked form. The curve of
text: her hip. Her hair dangling over her shoulders. She’s
text: staring straight into his eyes.
text: Three million possibilities cross his mind in an instant, but
dialog: there is only one truth.
text: Kee is pregnant.
text: Instinctively, Theo extends his hand, walking toward her
text: swollen belly. Kee allows it.
text: Theo gently rests his hand on her belly. Impossibly
text: stretched skin, holding new life.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Oh. My. God.
text: The door opens --
text: Luke enters the barn, followed by Ian and Miriam.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What‘s going on here?
text: Kee immediately retreats, going behind the cow, covering
dialog: herself up.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What is this?
text: Miriam steps forward.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: She wanted him to know.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Nobody authorized it.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
text: It's her body.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: We're going to do what’s right.
dialog: (beat)
text: Meet inside in five minutes.
scene_heading: EXT. BARN -- NIGHT
text: Theo, Miriam and Kee walking to the farm house, Ian follows a
text: few steps behind.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: . THEO
dialog: This is crazy. You know what this child
dialog: means?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: We're very well aware of it.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You've been putting her at risk. She
dialog: needs the best doctors --
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: I‘m a trained midwife.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You were a midwife, twenty years ago.
dialog: Who knows what could go wrong? She needs
dialog: real doctors.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: That’s what we’re trying to give her.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: In France? You know what‘s going on in
dialog: France?
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: France, wiffet. Iceland.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Kee may be the clue to cure infertility.
dialog: The Human Project sent a boat.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Boat called “The Tomorrow.”
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: We were supposed to meet it in the
dialog: channel.
scene_heading: INT. FARM HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: ON Tv: slow motion, the Multipla coming in the opposite
text: direction, the windshield blasted out. The image is blurry,
text: but Luke, Theo and Julian are recognizable.
speaker_heading: NEWSWOMAN‘’S VOICE
dialog: The killers were identified as Luke
text: Grissom, an ex-Catholic priest and one of
dialog: the leaders of the 5 Fishes terrorist
dialog: group.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED}
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: NEWSWOMAN’S VOICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Julian Taylor, one of the founders of the
dialog: terrorist group, who was thought to have
dialog: died two years ago in a domestic
dialog: accident. And Thelonios Faron, a history _
dialog: professor at King’s College, with
dialog: terrorist links to Taylor.
text: PHOTOS ON TV: Julian and Luke’s police mug shots. Theo’s
dialog: King’s College ID.
speaker_heading: NEWSWOMAN’S
text: The other passengers, two women, have not
dialog: yet been identified.
text: The TV goes off. Luke stands up.
speaker_heading: LURE
dialog: This was national news, about an hour
dialog: ago.
text: He addresses an assembly of the 5 Fishes convened in the
text: musty living room on sofas and chairs. Theo stands at the
text: edge. He’s allowed to observe, but he cannot vote.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: This is the reality of the situation.
dialog: Our identities have been disclosed. It’s
dialog: too dangerous to proceed with the
dialog: original plan.
text: Kee squeezes Miriam‘s hand -- Miriam responds:
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: What about Iceland?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: We missed our chance.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: We can still make it through Bexhill --
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It’s too dangerous.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: Make it public.
text: Theo’s uninvited opinion draws glares from around the room.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Two years ago, another woman got
dialog: pregnant.
speaker_heading: {MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: MIRIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: The government took her away, under the
dialog: pretext that one baby would bring false
dialog: hope. They did experiments on her.
dialog: Problem was, the best scientists were in
dialog: Iceland. She miscarried. Then they
dialog: killed her.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: How do you know that?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
text: The doctors involved were put in prison.
dialog: I met one.
text: Luke addresses the others.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: This pregnancy must remain secret. We'll
dialog: drive North, to Glasgow. We have strong
dialog: cells there. When the moment comes, this
dialog: child will be our most powerful weapon to
dialog: take the government down.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Julian said this shouldn’t be about
dialog: politics.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It is about politics. Whoever controls
dialog: this child controls destiny. That
dialog: destiny doesn’t belong to Iceland. It
dialog: belongs to England.
speaker_heading: FISHES
dialog: Right... Absolutely... England.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: That was not the agreement.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: These are new circumstances. There is
dialog: new leadership. I'm sure all Fishes will
dialog: follow.
text: This is Luke's moment -- he seizes it.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: We have been struggling to keep the flame
dialog: of dignity alive. But it has been hard.
dialog: Brothers and sisters, you know how hard
dialog: it has been.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: FISHES
dialog: (grumbling)
dialog: Yeah... that’s right...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Some of us were killed.
text: (looks sympathetically at Tom)
dialog: Some of us lost loved ones.
text: Tom nods. The Fishes are solemn.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Some of us were beaten. Some of us were
dialog: imprisoned. Some of us were tortured,
dialog: humiliated. And right when we might have
dialog: lost hope, when tyranny had stepped on us
dialog: and nearly crushed us, when the flame was
text: about to be extinguished...a torch
text: appeared in the form of a child. And its
dialog: fire will destroy tyranny. This child
dialog: will be our new beginning. This child
dialog: belongs to England. The Fishes have
dialog: spoken.
speaker_heading: FISHES
dialog: The Fishes have spoken!
text: The Fishes look to Luke, unified -- they have found their new
dialog: leader.
scene_heading: EXT. FARM HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: The farm is quiet. One light burns in the living room. Tom
text: keeping guard at the door.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: One Fish asleep in the single bed, another in the top bunk
text: bed, snoring. Theo lays in the lower bunk, wide awake,
text: reeling, trying to make sense of all that has happened.
text: He hears: the HUM of a small motor in the distance, getting
text: closer. Then 3 tinny honks.
text: Theo creeps out of bed, padding over to the window. Outside:
text: A small motorcycle coming unsteadily up the rutted mud road.
text: The driver is barely holding a dangling body, hardly able to
dialog: keep the motorcycle upright.
text: The motorcycle arrives at the front door. Tom steps forward.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Immediately, Luke comes out the door, accompanied by Ian,
text: followed by two other Fishes. Luke gives an order: one Fish
text: is sent back inside. Then two Fishes grab the unconscious
text: man, carrying him toward the barn.
text: Theo hears FOOTSTEPS. Somebody coming up the stairs. Theo
text: moves quickly back to bed, making like he’s asleep.
text: The door opens. Tom walks in. He gives a shove to the Fish
text: sleeping in the single bed.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Come now.
text: The sleeping Fish stirs.
speaker_heading: FISH 1
dialog: Huh? What?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Luke wants us. It’s an alert.
text: Tom’s legs cross in front of Theo, as he shakes the Fish in
text: the upper bunk.
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: It’s an alert.
speaker_heading: FISH 2
dialog: Shite! What?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Quiet. Come now.
text: Both Fishes climb out of their beds. They follow Tom out,
text: closing the door.
text: As soon as they leave, Theo opens his eyes. He gets out of
text: bed, goes to the window, and sees:
text: Luke, Ian and the motorcycle driver are walking toward the
text: house. Luke is clearly agitated.
text: Theo goes to the door and opens it: the hallway is empty.
text: Tom and the others walking down the stairs. As soon as they
text: disappear, Theo follows. He has no shoes.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Theo coming down the stairs. He sees: Luke and Ian walking
text: in the house. He recognizes the motorcycle driver:
text: It's Patric. Cut, bloody, clothes torn, soaked to the bone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Ian addresses Fish 1 and Fish 2, who have just come from bed.
speaker_heading: TAN
text: Take the motorcycle to the barn.
speaker_heading: FISH 1
dialog: Done.
text: The Fishes head off.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Stay in extreme alert.
dialog: (to Tom)
dialog: You have any medicine?
speaker_heading: TOM
dialog: Mostly for cows.
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Hydrogen peroxide, bandages, clean
dialog: towels, whatever you have, bring it to
text: the barn.
text: Tom disappears straightaway into the bathroom. Luke, Patric,
text: and Ian go to the kitchen. And close the door.
text: Theo walks down the stairs, heading toward the back door.
text: Tom walks from bathroom with an armful of medicines and
text: supplies. No place to go, Theo leans back against he wall,
text: waiting for Tom to pass. Tom leaves by the front door. Theo
text: quietly walks to the back.
scene_heading: EXT. FARM HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Theo comes out the back door... SQUISH! Theo's expression --
text: his socks are soaked in the cold mud. He sloshes quietly
text: alongside the farm house, no coat, shivering in the cold. He
text: reaches kitchen window and sees:
text: Luke pacing, Patric in a chair, Ian leaning on the table. |
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What were you thinking? By whose orders?
dialog: You realize you put the whole mission in
dialog: jeopardy?
speaker_heading: PATRIC
dialog: What was I supposed to do? You saw how
dialog: he was! Bloody piece of pulp. And all
dialog: the fuckin’ police coming. We had to
text: hide in the woods.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: PATRIC (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, man, I don’t know what’s wrong, I
dialog: think he’s all broken inside, I’m telling
dialog: you, he needs a doctor.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You shouldn‘t have come. It wasn’t
dialog: authorized.
speaker_heading: PATRIC
dialog: He’s my cousin!
speaker_heading: TAN
dialog: Don’t worry, we're taking care of him.
text: Theo has seen enough. He steps away from the window,
text: sloshing back along the side of the house. Hearing the last
text: fragment of conversation.
speaker_heading: PATRIC (OFF)
dialog: It’s that fucker’s fault, he opened the
dialog: fucking door!
speaker_heading: LURE (OFF)
dialog: You sure nobody followed you?
speaker_heading: PATRIC
dialog: I‘m sure. I should’ve shot him first, but
dialog: I didn’t have a clean shot, I was afraid
dialog: I’d hit the girl.
speaker_heading: LUKE (OFF)
dialog: Tomorrow you can take care of him.
scene_heading: INT. FARM HOUSE - HALLWAY -- NIGHT
text: Theo is at the door of another room. Checking to make sure
text: it’s all clear, he enters:
scene_heading: INT. ANOTHER BEDROOM -- CONTINUOUS
text: Miriam sits up in bead.
speaker_heading: : MIRIAM
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Shhhh. We need to talk.
dialog: Kee awakening --
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: What‘s the matter?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Luke killed Julian.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Bullshit.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: That was Patric on the motorcycle. we
dialog: need to get out of here.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: We’re not going anywhere.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Kee, Julian told you to trust me.
scene_heading: EXT. FARM HOUSE -- NIGET
text: Theo looking out the side door. There’s a row of six cars
text: parked in front of him. Two Fishes standing nearby.
text: Activity in the barn.
text: He steps out the door... SQUISH! Theo’s expression -- he
text: forgot to get his shoes. He continues, moving quietly to the
text: car in front of him. He opens the door...
scene_heading: INSIDE THE 1ST CAR
text: Through the windshield, Theo sees the Fishes up ahead. He
text: reaches down to the hood release -- POOK! The hood pops
text: open. The Fishes do not hear it.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE 1ST CAR
text: Theo squatting, sneaking around to the front of the car.
text: Lifting the hood quietly. Reaching in... YANKING OUT the
text: distributor cap. He gently lets the hood down.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE 2ND CAR
text: Theo repeating the operation. POOK! He opens the hood.
text: He’s about to get out, when:
text: Fish 2 returns from the barn, heading directly to the car,
text: his hands and coat bloody. Theo hunches on the car floor.
speaker_heading: FISH 2
dialog: (to the nearby Fishes)
dialog: Man, I don’t think he’s going to make it.
text: Fish 2 reaches into the car, just above Theo’s head, feeling
dialog: for: a pack of cigarettes on the dash.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: FISH 2
dialog: (continues)
text: His bones are sticking out, no skin, no
dialog: way to hold the blood in...
text: Fish 2 snags the cigarettes, walking away.
speaker_heading: FISH 2
dialog: (as he leaves)
dialog: ++-and all that sand and dirt stuck in
dialog: there, how are they ever gonna get that
dialog: out?
text: Hearing Fish 2 leave, Theo reaches over to the hood release
dialog: switch -- POOK!
scene_heading: INT. FARM HOUSE -- NIGHT
text: Theo enters the side door. Kee and Miriam wait just inside.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Let’s go.
scene_heading: EXT. FARM HOUSE --- BEFORE DAWN
text: Day about to break. It’s dark, and the clouds are bloody
dialog: red.
text: Theo peers out the side door: two Fishes are standing near
text: the front, trying to stay alert, trying to stay warn.
text: Theo leads Kee and Miriam to the Vauxhaul, the first car
text: parked in the row. Quietly opens the back door for Kee. She
text: slips into the back, while Miriam slips into the front door.
text: They close the doors without shutting them.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE VAUXHAUL
text: Theo slips into the front seat, gently closing his door.
text: Through the windshield: the Fishes have not noticed.
speaker_heading: . THEO
dialog: Okay...
text: The key is in the ignition. Theo turns it -- HA-RUMPH!
text: After the first spark, the engine dies.
text: Through the windshield: 2 nearby Fishes REACT to the sputter.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Shit!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Theo tries again -- HA-RUMPH! Nothing.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: THEO
text: Battery’s dead.
text: Through the windshield: the Fishes start walking to the car.
speaker_heading: FISH 6
dialog: Mark?
text: Theo releases the brake and pushes in the clutch -- the car
text: starts rolling slowly down the steep muddy road. In the
text: direction of the approaching Fishes.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Shut the doors!
text: Miriam and Kee and Theo pull their doors shut. Miriam hits a
text: switch -- FWICK! The car doors lock.
speaker_heading: FISH 6
dialog: Mark?
scene_heading: TOP OF DRIVEWAY
text: The Vauxhaul picking up a little speed, bouncing down the
text: steep rutted road, heading right at the Fishes.
speaker_heading: FISH 6
dialog: (shouting the alarm)
dialog: Alert!
text: Theo checks the speedometer: 5 mph.
text: MIDDLE OF DRIVEWAY
text: Fish 5 stands in the muddy track, holding up his gun,
text: pointing it at the oncoming car.
speaker_heading: FISH 5
dialog: STOP!
text: The car still coming. Fish 5 about to shoot...
speaker_heading: HOUSE
text: Luke steps out of the door --
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: NO! DON’T SHOOT!
dialog: 60.
text: MIDDLE OF DRIVEWAY
text: Fish 5 looks confused, the car still coming at them. He
text: lowers his gun. He and Fish 6 try stopping the car with
text: their hands, but the weight and momentum of the car surpasses
text: their strength. They have to step aside.
text: More Fishes come running from the barn. Patric tearing out
dialog: of the house.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: The girl’s in the car! Don’t shoot!
speaker_heading: IAN
dialog: Somebody get a car!
text: MIDDLE OF DRIVEWAY
text: Fish 5 and 6 chase down the slow moving car, grabbing the
text: doors, but they’re locked. Fish 5 sticks his hand through
text: the half open window, trying to pull the car to a stop...
scene_heading: INSIDE VAUXHAUL
text: Kee punches the intruding hand, trying to break its grip, but
text: Fish 5 hangs on...
scene_heading: TOP OF DRIVEWAY
text: More Fishes join the chase. So does Patric, running down the
text: muddy road after the car...
text: Two other Fishes head for the row of parked cars.
scene_heading: INSIDE VAUXHAUL
text: Kee bites the hand trying to pull back the car. Fish 5
text: yelps, releasing his grip, allowing the car to gain momentum.
text: Fish 6 slips down in the mud.
scene_heading: TOP OF DRIVEWAY
text: Fish 2 steps’ from the car.
speaker_heading: FISH 2
dialog: It won’t start!
scene_heading: INSIDE VAUXHAUL
text: Theo turns: they now have some distance from their pursuers.
text: He checks the speedometer -- 10 mph.
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ‘ THEO
dialog: Okay, okay, okay... Here we go...
text: Theo shifts into 2nd gear, releases the clutch -- HA-RUMPH!
text: The car shudders, but doesn’t start. He tries it again -- HA-
text: RUMPH! No success. And now the car is almost stopped.
text: Kee looks out the back window: the Fishes are gaining.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: They're coming!
text: Theo lets out the clutch, allowing the car to start rolling
text: down the hill.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: {begging the car)
dialog: Go, go, gO, go, go....
text: The Fishes getting closer. Patric is coming full speed,
text: running faster than the rest.
scene_heading: TOP OF DRIVEWAY
text: At the row of cars, two Fishes push a 2nd car into motion.
text: As it picks up speed, both Fishes jump in, the momentum
dialog: carrying them downhill...
scene_heading: INSIDE VAUXHAUL
text: They approach the end of the muddy track, one big ditch,
text: right before it intersects the paved road.
dialog: Speedometer: 9 mph.
text: Theo shifts into 2nd gear, about to release the clutch, when
text: he turns to see:
text: Patric has caught up, running even with back bumper, gaining.
text: MIDDLE OF DRIVEWAY
text: The 2nd car coming downhill picks up speed.
scene_heading: INSIDE VAUXHAUL
text: Theo can’t afford to slow down, letting the car keep rolling.
text: Patric catching up, keeping pace, locating Theo, raising a
dialog: pistol.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PATRIC
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Got a shot! Got a clean shot!
text: Theo in disbelief, Patric running alongside, about to shoot
text: him at close range, when Kee kicks open her door --
text: FWAR! Kee’s door hits Patric’s back, tripping him up, sending
text: him tumbling, bouncing hard across the mud and rocks.
text: The car headed right for the ditch --
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Hold on -- !
text: BOTTOM OF DRIVEWAY
text: The car crashes into the ditch, throwing up mud --
scene_heading: INSIDE VAUXHAUL
text: Theo, Kee and Miriam bounce with the impact...
speaker_heading: PAVED ROAD
text: The momentum carries the car through the ditch, flying up
text: onto the paved road, where it bounces to a complete stop.
scene_heading: INSIDE VAUXHAUL
text: Theo looks back at Kee.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Yeah, just go, go, go!
text: BOTTOM OF DRIVEWAY
text: The Fishes still running down toward them. The 2nd car is
text: coming fast, right at their Fishes’ backs...
speaker_heading: PAVED ROAD
text: Theo jumps out of the Vauxhual.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (to Miriam)
dialog: You know how to push start a car?
text: Miriam slides over to the driver's seat.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Just push, push!
text: Theo runs to the back of his car. He’s wearing only socks.
text: He starts pushing. As the car starts picking up a little
dialog: speed--
text: HA-RUMPH! Miriam releases the clutch. Stopping the car.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Wait till it goes faster!
text: Theo looks back:
text: BOTTOM OF DRIVEWAY
text: The Fishes part, making way for the fast coming 2nd car.
text: Fish 2 doesn't get the message, still in front of the car.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Move away, off the road --
text: Too late. The 2nd car runs down Fish 2, just as it SMASHES
text: into the ditch, the momentum carrying it to:
speaker_heading: PAVED ROAD
text: The 2nd car bounces to a stop. Not 30 yards from Theo.
text: DOWN THE PAVED ROAD
text: Theo is pushing for all he’s worth. His socks are bloody.
text: The car picking up speed. He turns to see:
text: The Fishes have jumped out of the 2nd car, running toward
dialog: them, catching up...
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (to Miriam)
dialog: Now! Now!
text: The car shudders, the reluctant engine hesitating a moment,
text: before -- VA-ROOM! The engine finally roars to life.
text: The car now is pulling away from Theo. He turns: the Fishes
text: are gaining. One pulls out a gun, aiming...
text: Miriam stops the car, 10 yards ahead, Theo gasping, trying to
text: make it, Kee looking from the back window.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: FISH 4
dialog: (seeing Kee)
dialog: Don’t shoot!
text: Behind them, more Fishes have reached the paved road, joining
text: the chase. Theo reaches the car, the door opens from inside.
scene_heading: INSIDE VAUXHAUL
text: Theo jumps in.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Go, gO, go, go!
text: Miriam shifts it into gear, the car lurching forward.
text: Through the back window, we see the Fishes receding. Behind
text: them, the sun cracks the horizon, rising.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Now what?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I don’t know.
text: Theo about to vomit, out of shape, out of air -- on the verge
text: of complete collapse.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: What about Bexhill?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: The Human Project sent a floating
text: hospital. It's disguised as a fishing
text: boat, but the cabin is equipped with the
dialog: best surgical equipment, and the best
text: doctors. It’s following the cod run.
dialog: Yesterday was the rendezvous in Dover.
text: The only other one is in Bexhill,
dialog: tomorrow, until sunset.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: “The Tomorrow.”
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: Name of the boat. Gonna be next to a
text: buoy. With flashers.
text: Theo still gasping air into his lungs, looks at Kee.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You all right?
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Cheedo.
dialog: 65.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD -- DAY (LATER)
text: The vauxhaul pulling off a small road near some woods.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE OF THE ROAD -- CONTINUOUS
text: Theo gets out of the car. He walks to the middle of the
text: road, making sure nobody is there. Then he goes to the false
text: hedge by the trees. Lifting the bushes, moving them away...
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS -- DAY
text: The car crossing the narrow dirt track in the woods.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DRIVING ~-- CONTINUOUS
text: Through the windshield, we are approaching a house rigged
text: with make-shift solar panels. Jasper’s house.
scene_heading: EXT. JASPER’'S HOUSE -~ DAY
text: The car parks in front, next to Jasper’s car. Theo climbs
text: out. He goes to the front door and knocks.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Jasper. Hello?
text: Theo opens the door.
scene_heading: INT. JASPER'S HOUSE
text: Theo walks into the house.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Jasper?
text: The house is a mess. Glasses and dirty plates, books left
text: strewn around. He walks into:
scene_heading: JASPERS STUDIO
text: From behind: Jasper on the sofa, his hand dangling lifelessly
text: off the armrest... a bottle of pills spilled on the floor.
text: On Theo’s face, hesitantly approaching around the couch...
text: Jasper lays in peaceful repose, his long hair partially
text: obscuring his face. The sack containing Janice's ashes on
text: his lap, open, his other hand clutching some of the ashes.
text: Theo lets out a painful sigh. He leans to his old friend.
text: Pushing the hair away from Jasper’s face, when --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Jasper opens ‘his eyes.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Huh...?
dialog: Theo reacts --
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Fuck!
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Fuck you!
text: The two men share a look -- they nearly scared each other to
text: death. A hint of Jasper’s old mischief flashes in his face.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Amigo...
text: But it fades away, and Jasper breaks down, sobbing. Theo
text: leans down and hugs his old friend.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: I can’t make it, Theo. I can’t make it
dialog: without her...
text: Theo holding Jasper. Kee and Miriam entering the room.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Jasper. Meet Kee.
text: Theo swivels Jasper around. Jasper looking at Kee --
text: disbelief, recognition... awe.
scene_heading: INT. JASPER‘S KITCHEN -- DAY
text: Theo’s wretched feet soaking in a bucket of water. Jasper at
text: the stove, frying eggs.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: .-.the blokes who started the great
dialog: cathedrals knew bloody well they’d never
dialog: see them finished. But they built them.
dialog: You know why? The certainty. They had
dialog: faith that the new generations would
dialog: complete what they started. Lovely,
dialog: isn’t it? Faith and certainty.
text: Jasper looks at Kee, her feet propped up, munching biscuits.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Kee, your baby is the miracle the whole
dialog: world has been praying for. Hallelujah,
dialog: hosanna, shanti, shanti, shanti.
text: Jasper delivers Kee a plateful of eggs.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: We need to get to Bexhill.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: What about the border cop? The guy who
dialog: runs your pot.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: syd?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Could he get us over?
text: All eyes on Theo.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Get him to arrest us. Like Foogies. We
dialog: get deported into Bexhill.
dialog: Jasper considers this.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Waaaaaaah! That's good, amigo! Deported
dialog: like Foogies. I like it.
text: Jasper looks at Kee.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Kee, everything is going to be quite
dialog: groovy.
text: The old man is young again.
scene_heading: EXT. JASPER’S HOUSE -- DAY
text: Miriam near the woods, doing Thai Chi exercises.
scene_heading: INT. JASPER’S LIVING ROOM -- DAY
text: Theo watches Miriam through the window, opening his flask.
text: Kee is laid out comfortably on the couch, her exposed belly
text: propped on a pillow. A fire blazing in the chimney.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ‘ KEE
dialog: She doin’ her craze?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Hm?
text: Theo sips from his flask.
speaker_heading: KEE
text: Her flittin’.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: She smited me with that. Said it was
dialog: good for my baby. And my shockers.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Chakras.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Yeah. She look posh to you? Or gawky?
text: Theo observes Miriam -- standing on one foot, the other
text: hovering in the air, trying to keep her balance.
speaker_heading: THEO
text: She looks earnest.
text: Theo turns: Kee’s beautiful belly, lit softly by the
text: firelight. He’s about to sip his flask, but stops.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: How long have... how many months -- ?
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Eight.
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: Takes nine months.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Ahum.
text: Silence. The fire crackling.
speaker_heading: TREO
dialog: And who’s the, who’s the --
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: (sharp)
dialog: Father? That what you wanna know?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Whiffet. I'ma virgin.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Cha, be wicked, eh?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: That it would.
text: Theo smiles.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Fuck knows. Omar. Sammy. Phil. Most
text: of them wankers don’t know their names.
dialog: Did some for quid, some for drugs.
dialog: Some... Fuck knows, I was horny. You
dialog: know the cock’n bull.
text: Theo doesn’t know, still holding his flask, not drinking.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Ahun.
text: Through the window: Jasper walks out of the greenhouse, a
text: small backpack around his shoulder.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: When I started puking, thought I catch
dialog: the pest. And I think -- “bitch, you are
dialog: whoppingly fucked.” But then me belly
dialog: start gettin’ big, and I think -- “this
dialog: not big fart stuck in my belly!” No,
dialog: this fuckin’ spooky. Never seen a
dialog: pregnant woman. Nobody ever told me
dialog: these things. But I knew. Got a baby in
dialog: my tummy. Cheedo, eh?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Uh huh.
text: From outside, they hear: “Huh! Huh! Huh!” Miriam exhaling
text: loudly, a breathing exercise.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: I feel like a freak. I was ‘barrassed.
dialog: I was ’fraid. Didn‘t tell no body. I
dialog: think about that Quietus thing.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: KEE (CONT'D)
dialog: *Sposed to be suave. Pretty music, treat
dialog: you cheedo.
dialog: (beat)
text: Then the baby kicked.
text: Kee breaks into a big smile, her mood now bright.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Whew! I feel him. Little bastard was
dialog: ‘live. aAnd...I feel it. Me too. I was
dialog: ‘live.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Didn’t know what to do. Talked to me
dialog: mate, he knew the Fishes. Told me they
dialog: would help me. I met Julian. She was
dialog: suave.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: She was suave.
text: Theo considers a drink. Then closes his flask. Jasper walks
text: in the door.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Rock ‘n roll.
scene_heading: EXT. HILL -- DAY
text: Jasper with the backpack, leading the group up the hill
text: through the woods, his house behind them. They are bundled
text: in coats against the cold, Kee in a cloak that hides her
text: pregnant belly. Theo stops.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: No-man’s land.
text: A cold steel jagged-tooth barbed wire fence cuts across the
text: woods: “MILITARY ZONE. POSITIVELY NO TRESPASSING.”
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: No-man’s land?
text: Jasper searches the fence.
speaker_heading: JASPER
text: The two mile zone around Bexhill, dear.
dialog: Nobody's supposed to be in it. Makes it
dialog: easy for the migra to bag Foogies that
text: trying to escape from the camp.
dialog: (finding it)
dialog: Here.
text: Jasper locates the spot: a cut in fence.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Old smuggling route.
text: Jasper pulls back the barbed wire.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Theo, you go first.
text: Theo steps through -~- RIP! His pant leg tears.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Get the skin?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Nah.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Grab the other side. Your turn, Kee.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS (NO MAN’'S LAND) -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: The light is fading. The group walking across a long
text: clearing, nearing the end. Kee moving steadily with Theo’s
text: help. Miriam has a fist full of wild flowers.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: (to Theo)
dialog: How’re the dogs?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Your feet.
text: Theo is wearing an old pair of boots.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (in pain)
dialog: uh.
speaker_heading: JASPER
text: Almost there.
dialog: (gestures)
text: Other side of the hill.
text: They arrive at the end of the clearing, at the woods. Then,
text: in the silence -- WOOF!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: There...
scene_heading: OTHER SIDE OF THE CLEARING
text: A GERMAN SHEPHERD howls the call for the hunt. Three more
text: German Shepherds-come running from the woods, now running
text: together in a pack. Running toward the group.
scene_heading: END OF THE CLEARING
text: The group starts running toward the wooded area ahead.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Quick -- go!
text: MIDDLE OF THE CLEARING
text: The pack of dogs closing the gap.
speaker_heading: IN THE TREES
text: The group keeps running. Miriam is in front, Theo at Kee’s
text: side, helping her. Jasper looking over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: How far?
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: We’re not going to make it.
scene_heading: END OF THE CLEARING
text: The pack of dogs entering the trees.
speaker_heading: IN THE TREES
text: Jasper stops.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: (to Theo)
dialog: Go! Take the girls! I'11 stay.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: What?
text: Theo stops.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: I‘ll be fine, amigo. If I don’t move,
dialog: they won't do much.
text: Jasper tosses him the backpack.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Give this to Syd. Go to the road. He's
text: patrolling at this time. When he stops,
dialog: tell him I sent you. If he doesn’t
dialog: believe you, tell him he’s a fascist pig!
text: Theo hesitating.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Go!
text: Miriam nearing the top of the hill, calling back:
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Hurry!
text: Theo starts running again, holding onto Kee.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: Kee!
text: Kee looks back. Jasper standing alone in the woods.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: It’s going to be groovy!
text: Kee smiles, Theo pulling her along. Miriam has reached the
text: top of the hill.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Come ont
speaker_heading: IN THE TREES
text: WOOF! WOOF! The pack of dogs running through the woods,
dialog: drunk on their hunting instinct...
scene_heading: FURTHER AHEAD
text: Jasper picks up a branch. Gets his grip. Holds his ground.
speaker_heading: JASPER
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Goodbye, Ruby Tuesday, who could hang a
dialog: name on you...
text: Watching the pack of dogs charging...
text: ON TOP OF THE HILL
text: Theo and Kee have made it to the top. He turns to see,
text: barely visible at a distance, mostly obscured by trees:
dialog: 74.
text: IN THE TREES’
text: The first dog leaps at Jasper. He swings his branch, hitting
text: the dog backwards.
text: Immediately, the other three dogs attack, the victorious
text: frenzy of the pack bringing down its prey.
text: ON TOP OF THE HILL
text: Theo blocks Kee’s view of this, leading her to the other side
text: of the hill. Ahead of them, Miriam is nearing the road.
text: They run to catch up.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD -- LATE AFTERNOON
text: Theo and Kee catch up to Miriam on the side of the road, as --
text: An IMMIGRATION POLICE HUMVEE appears from around the curve,
text: bearing down, headlights shining on them.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Is that Syd?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I don‘t know.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: What do we do?
text: The SPOTLIGHT turns on, glaring on them...
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Back, go back --=
text: They start running back to the woods. The Humvee stops. A
text: BORDER COP climbs out, pointing his gun.
speaker_heading: BORDER COP
dialog: STOP.
text: The group is lit by the spotlight, just short of the woods.
speaker_heading: BORDER COP
dialog: Stop, I'll shoot you.
text: Theo stops with Kee, Miriam still running.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Stop -- stop!
text: Miriam finally stops, the three of them standing still.
text: Waiting. Panting. The rumbling of the Humvee engine.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: And the footsteps of the Border Cop as he steps through the
text: grass, approaching them, pointing his gun...
speaker_heading: BORDER COP
dialog: Let’s see your hands...
text: They raise their hands, Theo holding up Jasper’s backpack.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: This is from Jasper --
speaker_heading: BORDER COP
dialog: Drop it!
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Jasper said --
speaker_heading: BORDER COP
dialog: Drop it or I'1l shoot you!
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You’re a fascist pig --
speaker_heading: BORDER COP
dialog: What did you say?
text: The Border Cop advances, his gun point blank in Theo’s face.
speaker_heading: BORDER COP
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You're a fascist pig.
text: The Border Cop cracks a big smile.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD -- NIGHT
text: The Humvee parked on the side of the road.
speaker_heading: SYD (OFF)
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: .--that's what he used to call me,
dialog: “corrupt fascist pig.” Last century,
dialog: they used the word “fascist” a lot.
scene_heading: INT. BORDER COP HUMVEE -- DUSK
text: SYD (the Border Cop) sits up front, smoking a cigarette. Mid-
text: 50’s, thick-bodied, life-long cop. He loves his mother but
dialog: would sell her for the right price.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: syYD
dialog: Wiggy old bastard. He was so proud of
dialog: his weed. Always asking more than it was
dialog: worth.
text: JERRY -- pimply border cop, 30 -~ sits beside him. He pulls
text: a brick of marijuana out of the backpack and hands it to Syd.
text: Theo, Kee and Miriam sit in back, behind metal meshing.
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: Could get the same shit - way cheaper -
dialog: from the Zeds, but Syd liked buying from
dialog: him. Straight chap, a true gentleman.
dialog: God bless him.
text: Kee MOANS with sudden pain. She shoots a look of alarm at
dialog: Miriam.
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: What’s with the Zed? She sick?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Nothing.
text: Miriam takes Kee’s hand, reassuring.
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: She’s not going to puke, is she?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Can‘t wash out puke. Smell never goes
dialog: away -
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: She’s fine.
text: At a distance, we see a BUS approaching.
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: Usually it’s people trying to get out of
text: Bexhill, not in. Syd doesn’t know why
dialog: you want to get in, Syd doesn’t wanna to
dialog: know, Syd doesn’t care. When they
dialog: release you, stroll out with the rest of
dialog: the detainees. You'll see a statue of a
text: soldier. Syd will contact Marichka.
dialog: She’s an Arab, gypsy or something. Syd
dialog: will tell her to meet you there. She’ll
dialog: arrange fine accommodations for the
dialog: evening.
text: Syd opens the door.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: You‘’re Foogies now. So show Syd a big
dialog: sad face, come on, let’s see them...
dialog: (show them a sad face)
dialog: c'mon, sad Foogie face. And don’t speak
dialog: English.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: No such thing as an English foogie.
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: Jerry’s right.
text: Through the window, a bus approaches down the road.
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: It's been Syd‘s privilege to serve you.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD -- CONTINUOUS
text: Syd gets out of the Humvee, raising his arms to stop the bus.
text: INSIDE THE BACK OF THE HUMVEE --
text: Theo looks at Kee with concern.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (to Miriam)
dialog: Is she okay?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
text: She had a contraction.
dialog: (off his look)
dialog: It’s normal.
text: Syd opens their door.
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: All right, Foogies. Out! Move.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD -- CONTINUOUS
text: Theo slides out of the Humvee, helping Kee down, Miriam
text: following. Walking to the “IMMIGRATION CONTROL” bus -- an
text: old school bus, painted over, the windows covered with bars.
text: The driver is inside, an armed guard next to him. A steel
text: cage behind the driver.
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: Go on, get in.
text: Theo, Kee and Miriam step on:
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: INT. IMMIGRATION CONTROL BUS -- CONTINUOUS
text: The steel cage door opens. Theo, Kee and Miriam step in.
text: The cage door closes behind them. They start making their
text: way down the aisle, looking for a seat.
text: Forlorn, malnourished, desperate, trapped faces of captured
text: refugees stare back at them.
text: fhe bus lurches, driving forward. Kee moans with the sudden
text: jolt. Theo steadies her. Miriam finds an empty seat.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Here.
text: They help Kee into a seat, Miriam sitting by the window.
text: Theo sits across the aisle. Through the window, he sees: Syd
text: and his Humvee, receding behind them.
text: Theo feels a yank on his shirt. He turns: it’s a withered
text: old COUPLE, filthy, pitiful, hungry. The Old Woman puts her
text: fingers to her mouth, the universal plea for food, speaking
text: in a language Theo cannot understand, probably German.
text: Theo shrugs. He has nothing to offer.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD -- NIGHT
text: The bus travelling along road. The lights of the city ahead.
scene_heading: INT. IMMIGRATION CONTROL BUS -- NIGHT
text: Kee reacts to a shooting pain.
speaker_heading: REE
dialog: (in pain)
dialog: Uhh!
text: Other refugees turn. Theo realizes they’re drawing attention.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: _ (whispers to Miriam)
dialog: You sure this is normal?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Shouldn't be this frequent. She’s only
dialog: in her eight month.
dialog: (to Kee)
dialog: Breathe through them. Just breathe.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Can‘t fuckin’ breathe --
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Theo looks outside: the bus stops at a Check Point
text: illuminated with spotlights. One bus already ahead of them.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Miriam... I’m all wet.
text: Water drips down her leg, forming a tiny puddle on the floor.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
text: Her water broke. This baby’s coming.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: She can’t have the baby now.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: (glares at Theo)
dialog: That’s very insightful.
text: Kee reacts to the beginning of a new contraction.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: (gritting)
dialog: Uhhh...
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Just breathe, sweetie. Everything is
dialog: perfect.
dialog: (to Theo)
dialog: How long to get there?
speaker_heading: THEO
text: They‘re checking a bus ahead of us.
scene_heading: EXT. CHECK POINT ~-- CONTINUOUS
text: Our bus is parked behind another bus. The Check Point is
text: wired off with a major steel fence, trimmed with razor wire.
text: From the bus in front, Police violently yank off three
text: refugees, vicious dogs barking at them.
scene_heading: INT. IMMIGRATION CONTROL BUS -- CONTINUOUS
text: Kee breathing through a contraction.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: What’s going on?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I don't know.
text: Theo looks to see: the Police pushing the three refugees,
text: forcing them to their knees. The three refugees pleading.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: - 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Dogs barking, One of the Police hits a refugee with a rifle
text: butt. The man collapses. Another Police kicks the refugee.
text: The overhead lamps turn ON, shining harsh light. Kee is
text: still breathing through her contraction.
text: Two Policeman enter our bus. The lst Policeman is holding a
text: dog, walking slowly down the aisle, checking the faces of
text: refugees. A 2nd Policeman follows.
text: Some refugees react Kee’s labored breathing, looking back at
text: her. Theo and Miriam share a look of concern.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Shhh....
text: The ist Policeman glares at a Refugee, who averts his face.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: Look up!
dialog: (no response from Refugee)
dialog: Look up, you shit!
text: The 1st Policeman pulls the Refugee up by his hair.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: Out! .
speaker_heading: REFUGEE
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Pieta’, pieta’, no, no, no, ti prego, un
dialog: po’ di compassione...
text: The 1st Policeman keeps walking. The 2nd Policeman yanks the
text: Refugee out of his seat, dragging by his hair to the front of
text: the bus, pushing him off. The Refugee is shoved into the
text: group of kneeling refugees.
text: In the bus, the dog starts barking. Theo, Miriam and Kee
text: tense, as the dog drags the lst Policeman forward. The dog
text: is in now front of Kee, barking at her, smelling something it
dialog: has never smelled before.
text: The lst Policeman looks at Kee: she is breathing hard,
text: clutching the tube of the seat in front of her, looking at
text: the floor, in the middle of a contraction.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: What’s wrong with her?
text: Miriam is frozen. The dog barking. The Policeman yanks Kee
text: up by her hair, twisting her face toward him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: (angry)
dialog: I said, what’s wrong with her?
text: Kee's contorted face, her eyes wide, wet, terrified.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: {with an accent)
dialog: Caca.
text: The Policeman turns to Theo.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Caca. Caca, piss.
text: Theo points to the floor. The Policeman sees the puddle.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Caca, piss, girl, big mess. Smell!
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: (recoiling slightly)
dialog: Smell it yourself.
text: The Policeman yanks the leash, but the dog keeps barking at
text: Kee, not wanting to move.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: (yanking harder)
dialog: Snoopy.
text: The Policeman walks past, heading off the bus. Miriam looks
text: at Theo with relief.
scene_heading: EXT. CHECK POINT -- NIGHT
text: The bus rumbles to life, lurching forward, heading through a
dialog: steel fenced corridor...
scene_heading: INT. IMMIGRATION CONTROL BUS -- NIGHT
text: Out the window, we see the corridor, fenced in steel,
text: reinforced with razor wire, hopeless faces looking through
text: the gaps... The BEXHILL FENCE.
scene_heading: EXT. BEXHILL -- NIGHT
text: The bus is parked. Refugees pile out, guard dogs barking at
text: their heels. Theo and Miriam helping Kee down.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: It‘s a chaos.of people. Guards wield night sticks, herding
text: the group to the final gate.
text: Approaching the threshold, Theo sees a sign framing the gate:
text: “ACCEPTANCE IS ENDURANCE”.
scene_heading: EXT. RUINED SQUARE -- CONTINUOUS
text: Theo, Kee and Miriam emerge from the gate, looking around,
text: disoriented, lost.
text: This is Bexhill. What used to be an industrial port town is
text: now a sealed-off refugee camp, barely lit by occasional
text: street lamps with uneven current.
text: Kee suddenly stops, doubling up -- a new contraction. The
text: flow of refugees keeps pushing behind them, pushing them
dialog: forward, Kee stopping pain --
speaker_heading: KEE
text: BLOODY HELL!
text: Miriam holding Kee for support.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: (urgent)
text: She‘’s about to deliver this baby.
text: A man walking past, looking at them curiously. Pale skin,
text: knit cap, hook nose.
text: Theo sees: the statue of a soldier.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Wait here.
text: Theo heads to the statue, a WWI soldier holding a bayonet
text: rifle, charging. The plaque reads: “Lost Generation.” Theo
text: walks around the pedestal.
text: YAP! YAP! A tiny runt dog nips at his heels, scaring the
dialog: hell out of him.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Shit...
text: Theo turns to see a woman: MARICHKA. Olive skin, 40, the
text: exhausted eyes of someone who accepts the hardship of life as
dialog: fate. She knows when to duck.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Marichka?
dialog: 83.
scene_heading: EXT. RICKSHAW -- NIGHT
text: Theo helps Kee into a motorized rickshaw, Miriam already
text: sitting in back. Marichka sits in front, wrapped in a old
text: wool coat, the dog on her lap.
text: Miriam looks back anxiously. Theo turns and sees the Hook-
text: Nosed man walking towards them.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You know him?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: I might. Let's go.
dialog: (to Marichka)
dialog: Go!
text: Marichka revs the rickshaw into motion. Through the back
text: window: the Hook-Nosed man runs after them, but he can’t
text: catch the accelerating rickshaw. He recedes behind them.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: A few months ago, one of the Bexhill
text: fences was blown up. A big group of
text: Foogies stampeded through the hole.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I saw the news.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: The Foogie escape was a only smoke
dialog: screen. What we were actually doing was
dialog: smuggling some of our people inside. To
dialog: organize cells.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Smoke screen killed lots of Foogies.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: I know, but it was Luke’s plan. He
dialog: believed we needed strong cells in
dialog: Bexhill. He called them missionaries.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS OF BEXHILL -- NIGHT
text: The rickshaw crosses through the dark streets. Small, jury-
text: rigged plastic tents around the sidewalks. People warming
text: their hands around scattered piles of burning rubbish --
text: watching suspiciously at the passing rickshaw.
dialog: 84,
scene_heading: EXT. RICKSHAW - DRIVING -- CONTINUOUS
text: Kee coming out of a painful contraction, Theo and Miriam
text: supporting her on either side. Kee looks at Miriam.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: This gonna hurt, yeh?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Yes.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY -- NIGHT
text: The rickshaw parks in front of a building, trash piled around
text: the street. Marichka gets off, leading them into a doorway.
text: The sounds of dogs howling and arguing in the night.
scene_heading: INT. STAIRWAY - BUILDING -- NIGHT
text: The dog hopping up the stairs, Marichka next, holding a
text: butane lantern, leading them up the dark stairwell. Kee
text: stops suddenly, holding herself against the wall, in pain.
speaker_heading: KEE
text: FUCKING! LITILE SHIT! BASTARD!
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Breathe through it...
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: FUCK ALL!
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: One more flight...
text: Marichka starts prattling to them in a language they cannot
dialog: understand, possibly Romanian --
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: FUCK YOU!
speaker_heading: ; MIRIAM
dialog: Come on sweetie, you have to make it.
dialog: The baby is telling you he wants to come
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Can she make it?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: (defiant)
dialog: She can make it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The contraction passes. Kee nods. Theo and Miriam help her
text: up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. BARE APARTMENT -- NIGHT
text: The door opens. The little dog scampers inside, uses a chair
text: as a springboard, leaps onto the table, and through the
text: broken window yaps his presence to the dogs barking outside.
text: Theo and Miriam help Kee into the room. Marichka sets the
text: butane lamp on the table. The room is naked, peeling walls,
text: broken window panes, a rough mat on the floor. Cold enough
dialog: to see your breath.
text: Miriam immediately pulls the mat to the center of the room.
text: Kee doubles up with another contraction --
speaker_heading: REE
dialog: Fuck all!
text: Marichka trying to explain something they cannot understand,
text: pointing at 2 BUCKETS of water, the dog yapping and yapping.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: (to Theo)
dialog: Make her go.
text: Miriam plucks a shard of glass from the broken window. Theo
text: goes to Marichka, turning her toward the door.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Thank you, Marichka, we appreciate your
dialog: help... that‘ll be all...
text: Kee holds herself on the table, moaning with the pain.
text: Miriam dips the glass shard into the bucket -- breaking a
text: thin layer of ice covering the water, cleaning the shard.
text: Marichka turns, pointing at Kee, agitated, prattling on.
text: Miriam gives Theo the glass shard.
speaker_heading: : MIRIAM
dialog: Hold this. Get her out!
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: {escorting Marichka out)
dialog: She’s fine, she’s fine, just ate
dialog: something funny...
text: Marichka is outside the door, taking out a candle.
speaker_heading: MARICHKA
dialog: Santo!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
text: The little dog gets his final yap in, jumps off the table,
text: joining his master. Miriam helps Kee down onto the mat.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: We're going to lay down now. Slowly.
text: Kee kneels onto the mat with Miriam’s help.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Don’t push yet.
text: Marichka lighting the candle, still talking as she starts
text: down the stairs with Santo. Theo closes the door.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Give me your flask.
text: Theo looks at her, confused.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Your flask, get your flask!
text: Theo takes the flask from his pocket.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Open it.
text: Still pinching the shard of glass, Theo unscrews the flask
text: top. Miriam holds out her hands.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Pour.
text: Theo pours the alcohol on Miriam’s hands. Kee moans in pain.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: (reassuring Kee -- and herself)
dialog: This is it. Everything is fine. All we
dialog: have to do is flow through it.
text: Miriam dipping her hands into the bucket of water.
speaker_heading: ‘ MIRIAM
dialog: (to Theo)
dialog: Give me your shirt.
text: Theo pulls off his coat, unbuttoning his shirt, still
text: pinching the shard of glass. He hands Miriam his shirt.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Sterilize your hands. And the glass.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Theo takes a quick, small drink from his flask. Then pours
text: the rest of the alcohol over his hands and the glass shard.
text: Miriam goes to Kee, who is laying on the mat, clutching,
text: grabbing -- agony.
speaker_heading: KEE
speaker_heading: NOOOO!
text: Miriam kneels by Kee’s legs, pushing away her dress, putting
text: Theo’s shirt under her. Seeing:
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
text: She’s completely dilated.
dialog: (to Theo)
dialog: Hurry!
text: Theo finishes cleaning his hands in the bucket.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: (to Theo)
dialog: Put the glass on the scarf. Get behind
text: her. Kneel.
text: Theo obeys, clumsy -- he has no idea what to do.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
text: Her head -- take her head.
dialog: (Theo complies)
dialog: On your lap, let it rest.
text: Kee screaming, in the throes...
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Take her hands!
text: Theo takes her hands, but Kee writhes, pulling them away.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Grab them!
text: Theo takes Kee’s hands more forcefully.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: I can’t ~- I can’t do this!
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Trust your body. Your body knows what to
dialog: do. Now push.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: I can’t fucking do it!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Push.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Fuck you!
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Push.
text: Kee pushes -- her hot breath visible in the cold room.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Beautiful. Just like that. Keep
dialog: breathing. Again. Now push. Harder.
text: Kee pushes with all her might.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Good. Gather your strength. Grab him.
text: Kee clutches Theo's hands harder -- although we can see her
text: breath, she is covered in sweat.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Good job, Theo.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Ahum.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Push.
text: Kee pushes -~ her breath visible.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Yes... That’s it, just like that. Again.
text: Kee pushes -- a round object appears, emerging from blood,
text: the vagina expanding...
text: Miriam witnesses this, utterly amazed...
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Oh, Lord. There he is.
text: Kee screams -- excruciating pain -- fear.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: I can't! I can’t! I can’t!
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: All the women who have ever given birth
dialog: are with you right now.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
speaker_heading: MIRIAM (CONT'D)
dialog: They are with you Kee.
dialog: (firm)
dialog: Push.
text: Kee pushes -- the head impossibly stretching open the vagina,
dialog: coming through...
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Push.
text: Theo holding onto Kee, blown away.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (awkward)
dialog: You’re doing great.
text: Kee looks up at Theo, her face wet with sweat and tears, a
dialog: little reassured.
text: Miriam watches: the baby’s blue head emerges completely...
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: The head’s out. My God, look at that.
dialog: (urgent)
dialog: Push, Kee.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Push.
text: Kee pushing -- the rest of the baby’s body flowing out ina
text: stream of blood, Miriam supporting the emerging mass...
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Here he comes, here he comes...
text: Kee pushing mightily, Theo barely able to hold her hands --
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: You're nearly there...
text: Kee screaming her extraordinary effort, tapping the reservoir
text: of female strength, giving her body over to the new life
text: coming through it, to life itself, the miracle --
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: FUCKING GOD!!!
text: -- the baby bursts forth, a bloody explosion of life...
text: Miriam pulling it free, still hooked by the umbilical cord,
text: the placenta spilling out in a final bloody exclamation ~-
text: There is a moment, a pause. Theo holding Kee. Both of them
text: looking to Miriam.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5)
dialog: For the first time in eighteen years, four months, two days,
text: sixteen hours and eight minutes, a human child has been born.
text: Miriam holds the newborn baby, all blue, covered in white
text: specks, giving off steam in the cold room.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: It’s a girl.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: How's my baby?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: She’s perfect. Theo, come.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Lemme see her!
text: Theo lays Kee back down on the mat. Moving to Miriam.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: (gestures to her scarf)
dialog: Take the glass.
text: Theo takes the glass shard off the scarf.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: cut it.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: The cord.
speaker_heading: : THEO
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Here.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: What‘s you doing? Gimme my baby!
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
text: In a moment.
text: Theo hesitates with the glass shard.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: It doesn’t hurt.
text: Theo puts the glass against the umbilical cord and SLICES.
text: The cord splits, spurting a bit of blood.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (6)
text: Miriam yanks off one of her bracelets, gives it to Theo.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Tie it. Here. Any knot will do.
text: Theo ties off the umbilical cord with the string bracelet.
speaker_heading: - KEE
dialog: What’s wrong? She okay?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: She’s beautiful.
dialog: (to Theo)
dialog: Get the shirt.
text: Theo takes the shirt from under Kee and hands it to Miriam.
text: She cleans the white, cheese-like residue from the baby.
text: Theo watches, freaked out.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Scarf. Open it.
text: Theo opens the scarf. Miriam expertly wraps the baby in it.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Aren't they supposed to cry?
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: She‘ll cry. When she’s hungry. Now, she
dialog: wants Mommy.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Fuckin ‘a.
text: Miriam offers the wrapped baby to Kee. Theo returns to his
text: spot, supporting Kee from behind. Kee accepts her child,
text: holding her, smiles.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Hey you...my boo, bloo...watch at you...
text: The baby CRIES, a strident, rhythmic scream that shatters the
text: night. Theo looks at Miriam, alarmed.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: Show her where your breast is.
text: Kee puts the baby to her breast. Instinctively, the child
text: suckles, extracting the milk hungrily. Kee watches, amazed.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Cheedo, eh?
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: EXT. BEXHILL -- NIGHT
text: A dim light shining from a window. Inside, Theo, Miriam and
text: Kee ~~ beholding this new life. Surrounded by the black
text: night. It's silent. Even the dogs have stopped barking.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
text: The sound of distant HELICOPTERS... sporadic GUNSHOTS...
text: blending with the sound of YAPPING, coming closer...
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. BARE APARTMENT (BEXHILL) -- EARLY MORNING
text: Theo opens his eyes, waking up on the floor, his coat pulled
text: over him, getting his bearings:
text: The first morning sun finding its way into the naked room.
text: Kee still sleeping on the mat, the baby at her chest. Miriam
text: seated next to Kee, asleep.
text: YAP! YAP! The tiny barking sound is now outside the door.
text: Footsteps following. Theo creakily gets to his feet.
text: There’s a PUSH on the door -~ but a chair is wedged against
text: the handle inside, keeping it shut. A decisive knocking on
text: the door, the YAPPING growing frantic...
text: Kee and Miriam open their eyes, awakening.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (outside the door)
dialog: Open the door!
text: Kee and Miriam look to Theo.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (outside)
dialog: We don’t have much time -- open the
dialog: bloody door!
text: A harder push on the door-- the chair slides, about to give.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: syYD
dialog: It’s the Queen of England, can you spare
dialog: a cup of sugar? It’s Syd, you fool.
dialog: Open the door.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Miriam wraps the cloak around Kee, hiding the baby. More
text: pushing on the door, the chair sliding...
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Okay, okay...
text: In the distance, a staccato burst of gunfire is heard.
text: Theo takes away the chair, cracks the door. He peers into
text: the hall: a man stands there, wearing nondescript clothes and
text: a turban -~ it takes moment to recognize Syd. Marichka
text: behind him, Santo jumping, trying to get in the room.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Didn't know you were coming.
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: Didn’t you hear the bomb last night?
dialog: The city’s gone to hell. Come on, let
dialog: Syd in.
text: Syd has already pushed through the door. Miriam holds Kee
text: tighter. Santo is now running around inside, yelping.
text: Marichka follows. Theo immediately closes the door.
text: Syd looks at the residue from the night before: the bloody
dialog: mat, the bloody clothing... .
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: What’s with the Zed?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Nothing. She’s fine. Some woman’s
dialog: thing.
text: Santo is on the scent, sniffing at Kee, yelping.
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: A few hours ago one of the fences got
text: blown up, and a group of Foogies escaped.
dialog: It didn’t take long for other Foogies to
dialog: follow, your regular stampede. The army
dialog: came in, they’re trying to secure the
dialog: fence. Just like five months ago, but
dialog: worse. Now those Foogies are better
dialog: organized, and Syd happens to know
dialog: they’re armed to the teeth. It’s gonna
dialog: be a fucking war out there. We got to
dialog: get you out of here.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: We need to get a boat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Santo keeps yapping at Kee.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: (to dog)
dialog: Go on, piss off.
text: Santo won't leave. Kee kicks him. Santo yelps, retreating.
text: Marichka starts yelling at Kee in some language. Then --
text: CRYING. From the baby. Rhythmic, loud.
text: The dog comes charging again...
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Get your fuckin’ dog!
text: Kee kicks the dog again.
speaker_heading: MARICHRA
dialog: Santo!
text: Marichka grabs her dog. The baby still crying loudly. Kee
text: puts the baby to her breast. The baby calms, suckling.
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: The hell was that?
text: Santo still yapping in Marichka’s arms. Marichka gives Santo
text: a little slap, shutting the dog up. Quiet -- except for the
text: moist suckling of the baby.
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I’1l explain --
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: What you got there? Let Syd see it.
dialog: NOW!
text: Miriam eases, the cloak from Kee's shoulder. Revealing the
text: BABY, suckling at Kee’s breast.
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: Bloody Christ.
text: Marichka approaches. Kneeling, seeing the baby, amazed.
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: It’s a fucking baby.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: We need a boat.
text: Syd starts pacing.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (insists)
dialog: We need it before sunset --
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: Hush! Hush! Syd’s trying to think here!
text: Marichka reaches her finger. She looks to Kee, who nods her
text: permission. Marichka touches the baby. Her face lights up,
text: her eyes well with tears ~~ she has touched a miracie.
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: Okay, okay... Get her up. We’ve got to
dialog: go right now.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Can you get us a boat -- ?
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: Sure, sure, sure. Just get her up! Come
dialog: on, do it!
text: Theo moves to the mat. With her shawl, Miriam finishes
text: securing the baby to Kee’s breast. Outside, another burst of
text: gunfire, closer. Together, they gently help Kee up.
text: Marichka turns to Syd, talking at him, prattling on, adamant.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: What’s she saying?
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: Fuck knows.
text: Marichka turns to Theo, Miriam and Kee, prattling on, urgent.
text: Syd pulls out a two-way radio.
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: {into radio)
dialog: We're ready, Jerry.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Who's Jerry?
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: You met him. Pimply bloke.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
text: Marichka insists, grabbing Syd’s sleeve, prattling on --
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: Shut up!
dialog: (in Romanian)
dialog: “Bastal”
text: Syd throws Marichka off.
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: Let’s go.
speaker_heading: MARICHKA
dialog: Not
dialog: (points to Syd)
dialog: Bad! Bad, badi
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: She doesn’t want us to go.
text: Syd pulls out a gun. Marichka instinctively ducks to the
text: floor, covering her head, her hands pleading.
speaker_heading: syD
dialog: Okay, move. Let’s go.
text: The group is frozen.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Where are you taking us?
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: Syd said move!
text: Miriam walks to the door, blocking it.
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: We're not leaving. We can’t leave, Syd.
dialog: Not until the baby’s safety is
dialog: guaranteed.
text: A standoff. In the distance, mob shouts are heard.
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: Move!
speaker_heading: MIRIAM
dialog: I will not.
text: BANG! Syd shoots Miriam in the head. She falls in the
text: doorway, dead.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (5)
text: Kee lets out a wail of horror, her knees buckling. Theo
text: holds her. Marichka still cowering.
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: (points his gun)
dialog: Who’s next, the Yank or the gypsy? Maybe
dialog: the fucking dog?
text: BANG! Syd shoots the floor by Santo’s feet. The dog yelps,
text: scampering for Marichka’s protection. Kee glares at Syd.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: (spits the words)
dialog: You fuckin’ caca man.
text: Syd points his gun at Theo’s forehead.
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: Move.
text: Seeing no way out, Theo looks at Kee.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I’1l help you.
scene_heading: GOING DOWN THE STAIRS -
text: Marichka leads them, Theo carries Kee in his arms, Syd
text: following with his gun. Marichka still prattling on.
speaker_heading: SYD
text: Last night, Syd gets home, mommy's
text: sleeping in front of the telly. She
dialog: always does that, my sweet soul. Syd
text: kisses her good-night. She has cancer,
text: my mommy. Syd‘’s about to turn off the
dialog: telly -- and there’s your mugs. On the
dialog: news. You nasty pricks gunning down
dialog: those cops -- bam! bam! Big reward.
text: Marichka is ranting even louder, Santo yapping.
speaker_heading: ° SYD
dialog: Shut the fuck up!
dialog: {into radio)
dialog: Jerry, you on your way?
speaker_heading: JERRY'S VOICE
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: I had to go around a barricade.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Just hurry the fuck up.
dialog: (to Theo)
text: Then Jerry calls Syd. The Fishes in
dialog: Bexhill are looking for you. So Syd
dialog: thinks, the cops are looking for them,
dialog: the Fishes are looking for them, these
dialog: blokes are bang-up commodities. And a
dialog: baby? That‘’s capital.
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Where the fuck are you, Jerry?
text: The group arrives at the ground floor. Theo lets Kee down,
text: both resting on a cold radiator, catching their breath,
text: Marichka next to them.
text: Syd holds the gun on the them as the goes to entrance to
text: investigate. The entrance has no doors, Marichka’s rickshaw
text: visible on the street outside.
speaker_heading: sYD
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: Where are you?
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Syd, please, listen.
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: Shut up.
text: Theo watches Syd, still pointing the gun behind him, but his
text: attention wavering to the street in front.
speaker_heading: JERRY'S VOICE
dialog: (on radio)
text: I can see the building.
speaker_heading: SYD
dialog: Good. Come around to the front --
text: Theo makes his move, charging across the lobby. Syd hears
text: him coming, turns...
text: Theo FALLS OVER a rusted pipe that saves his life --
text: BANG! Syd‘s shot just misses Theo’s head.
text: Theo's fail carries him into Syd’s legs, knocking him
text: backwards. Syd’s head bangs the floor, the radio flying.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Go!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2}
text: Kee gets it. She clutches Marichka for support, pointing to
text: the front door. Marichka gets it, helping Kee to the door.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (on radio)
dialog: I'm here! I’m right out front.
text: SMASH! An personnel carrier rolls up, crushing Marichka’s
text: rickshaw. Marichka stops, reverses herself, helping Kee back
text: across the lobby, passing Theo crawling toward Syd.
text: Syd, coming out of his daze, trying to point his gun, but
text: Theo reaches, grabbing his gun hand.
text: Marichka helping Kee into a CORRIDOR at the end of the lobby.
text: Theo on top of Syd, struggling with his hand, Syd biting
text: Theo's head.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (screams)
dialog: Abhhhh!
text: Theo's hand forcing the gun away, pressuring the trigger --
text: BANG! BANG! BANG! The gun fires into the wall, plaster
text: falling, until it the chamber CLICKS. CLICK. CLICK. Empty.
text: From the corridor, Marichka and Kee look back, reacting to
text: the gunshots.
text: Theo pushes Syd away, starting after the women. Syd grabs
text: Theo's legs, tripping him, sending him thudding on the floor,
text: the gun sliding away.
text: Syd jumps on Theo, punching his face. He puts his hands
text: around Theo’s throat, squeezing. Theo gasping, reaching, Syd
text: strangling him.
text: From the corridor, Kee urges Marichka back to help.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Go -- go help!
text: Kee against the wall, loosening the scarf, checking her baby.
text: Marichka reluctantly heading back to the lobby, staying low,
text: her hands defensive, prattling urgently, pleading to Syd.
text: Syd keeps tightening his grip around Theo’s neck. Theo's
text: body going slack.
text: Marichka gets closer, still pleading.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: Theo’s hand reaches to the gun on the floor, grabbing the
text: barrel, round-housing it -- SMACK! -- into Syd’s face. Syd
text: falls backwards, stunned.
text: Theo pushes himself to his feet, gasping air back into this
text: lungs. Syd recovering, moving toward Theo. Theo kicks Syd
text: in the head. Syd falls backwards, knocked out. Theo, for
text: good measure, kicks Syd in the gut.
text: Theo grabs Marichka, gasping, motioning for them to leave.
text: They head down the corridor, joining Kee.
text: They reach a door at the end. It’s blocked with boxes and
text: junk. Theo and Marichka clearing the debris, Theo forcing
text: the door open, just enough space to pass. Behind them:
speaker_heading: LOBBY
text: Syd groggily crawls to his knees, looking for the gun.
speaker_heading: END OF CORRIDOR
text: Marichka snakes through the narrow door passage, out to a
text: small alley, Santo following. It’s Kee’s turn, but there's
text: not enough space for her to pass with the baby.
text: From the alley, Marichka extends her hands.
speaker_heading: MARICHKA
dialog: Baby, Marichka!
text: Kee hesitates, Theo pulling the door open. Behind them:
text: THROUGH THE CORRIDOR
text: Syd finds the gun.
speaker_heading: END OF CORRIDOR
text: Kee passes the baby through the doorway, fearing the worse,
text: Marichka takes the baby. The point of no return. A moment.
text: Marichka motions for Kee to follow.
speaker_heading: MARICHKA
dialog: Come!
text: Ree squeezes through the opening. Theo still holding the
text: door, looking back:
scene_heading: DOWN THE CORRIDOR
text: Syd stumbling toward them, gun in hand, loading bullets.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: END OF CORRIDOR
text: Theo trying to squeeze out, but nobody is helping with the
dialog: door --
text: BANG! Syd‘s shot misses, leaving a hole in the metal door.
text: Theo throws his body into the door, forcing it open --
text: BANG! BANG! Shots ripping the door as Theo squeezes through.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY -- CONTINUOUS
text: Theo comes out the door into the trash-strewn alley. Kee and -
text: Marichka waiting, Kee wrapping the scarf, covering the baby
text: to her chest.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (to the women)
dialog: Go.
text: They start making their way slowly down the alley, Marichka
text: holding Kee up. Theo is about to follow, when he hears:
speaker_heading: SYD (OFF)
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Jerry, they got loose... go to the back,
dialog: the alley...
text: Theo realizes Syd is too close. They aren’t going to make
text: it. He looks around, rooting through the trash, desperate.
text: Worthless plastic, rotting food, a rusted CLOTHES IRON.
speaker_heading: JERRY (OFF)
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: I don’t know, Syd, this is getting bad.
dialog: I got a 1-24, a gang of frogs in the
dialog: streets, they’ve got guns, we ought to
dialog: get out of here...
text: Syd’s face appears at the door. They look at each other for
text: an instant. Syd furiously forcing his way through --
text: Theo grabs the clothes iron and swings --
text: CRANK! Into Syd’s face. Syd falls back inside the door.
text: Theo stands, staring at the door, the iron poised, ready.
text: But he quickly understands there’s no need to wait.
text: Theo drops the iron, and rushes after the women.
dialog: 102.
text: AT THE END OF THE ALLEY -
text: Kee leaning against the wall, gathering her strength,
text: Marichka peering around the edge of the building.
text: Theo arrives, completely winded. “La Marseilles” can be
text: heard, chanted by an approaching mob.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: It hurts. I’m hungry.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (to Marichka, re: Kee)
dialog: She needs to eat.
text: Marichka prattles some sort of answer. Theo puts his fingers
text: to his mouth, the universal sign of hunger.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Food, mange...
dialog: (points to Kee)
text: Hungry.
text: Marichka nods, getting it, pointing. Theo and Marichka take
text: on either side of Kee, helping her walk, Santo following.
text: They round the corner onto the street. Pocked and rubbled,
text: the streets of Bexhill bear scars of previous violence.
text: A mob marches toward them, more than 50, a large flag
text: billows, blue, white and red.
speaker_heading: VOICES
dialog: Alons enfants de la patrie...
text: Theo and Kee and Marichka passing the mob in the opposite
text: direction. Passionate chanting, some wearing masks, all
text: carry guns -- modern semi-automatics, a few old Glocks.
scene_heading: EXT. FORMER BANK -- DAY
text: This street seems quiet, “La Marseilles” now distant.
text: Marichka, gestures, leading them into a bureaucratic building
text: covered with graffiti. Further down the street, on building
text: tops, men with rifles run from roof to roof.
scene_heading: INT. FORMER BANK -- CONTINUOUS
text: Theo, Kee and the baby, Marichka and Santo enter. Dozens of
text: old shoes on the floor, neatly paired. They hear CHANTING --
text: rhythmic prayers.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: It was once a bank, but now just the skeleton remains, a few
text: teller counters, some bars along the lobby. Through them:
text: Men kneel on a carpeted floor, bowing toward Mecca in humble
text: prayer. This is a makeshift mosque.
text: They pass by, moving to the stairs at the end of the hall.
scene_heading: 2ND FLOOR CORRIDOR
text: At the end of the dark corridor, Marichka is bent down at a
text: Metal door, talking to someone through a low eye-slit. A
text: tiny flashlight shines through the slit into her face. A
text: trembly voice on the other side of the door, in Russian:
speaker_heading: GEORGIAN MAN (OFF)
dialog: Nyet .
text: At the stairs, foggy light oozes though the filthy windows.
text: Kee rests on Theo, discerning Marichka across the dark
text: corridor, now waving for them to come, insisting, prattling.
text: Theo helps Kee into the dark corridor.
speaker_heading: GEORGIAN MAN (OFF)
dialog: Nyet, nyet...
text: As they approach the secure metal door, the flashlight from
text: the eye slit shines in Theo’s face.
text: Marichka grabs Kee’s cloak. The light shifts to Kee’s face
text: as she resists, but the cloak opens. The light tilts down,
text: shining on the baby, eyes closed, feeding on Kee’s breast.
text: From the eye-slit, the flashlight shaking, a gasp.
scene_heading: INT. GEORGIAN COUPLE'S APARTMENT -- DAY
text: A pale, withered GEORGIAN WOMAN (87) hums a folk song as she
text: carves the final touches onto an orange that she’s cut into a
text: swan. She presents the swan to Kee, who lays in bed eating
text: some sort of potato stew, the baby asleep at her side.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Watch at that.
text: They’re in a simple dwelling that was once a bureaucrat’s
text: office. One table, two chairs, a gas burner, photos, a
text: Chagal reproduction of the cow on the farm. And, in the
text: clean, big windows, a few potted plants, green, living.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Check it out, Theo. They love my baby.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Theo sits at the table, eating stew. Marichka stands nearby,
text: wolfing hers -- she hasn’t eaten this good in awhile. The
text: ancient, dignified GEORGIAN MAN (90’s) sits in a wheelchair,
text: speaking in a trembly voice with thick accent.
speaker_heading: GEORGIAN MAN
dialog: Human Project, is real?
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Yeh. Wise man doctors from todo the
dialog: world. Living in Iceland. Sent a boat
text: to my baby. “The Tomorrow”. At the buoy.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: We need a boat to meet it. Before
dialog: sunset.
text: The Georgian Man asks Marichka a question in her language.
text: Marichka answers by rubbing her thumb to her fingers, the
dialog: universal sign for money. .
speaker_heading: MARICHKA
dialog: (mouthful of stew)
dialog: “Bunch of money.”
speaker_heading: GEORGIAN MAN
dialog: (in Marichka’s language)
dialog: “Yeah, yeah, yeah...”
text: The Georgian Man wheels himself toward the bookshelf.
text: Marichka looks at Theo, rubbing her thumb to her fingers.
speaker_heading: MARICHKA
dialog: “Bunch of money.”
text: The Georgian Man arrives at the bookshelf, where pantheon of
text: busts reside: Lenin, Freud, Einstein, Ghandi, Trotsky,
text: Zapata, and Martin Luther King, Jr. He selects Lenin.
speaker_heading: GEORGIAN MAN
dialog: (to Theo)
dialog: Always money. Everything always money.
text: Seeing the owners distracted, Marichka nabs a silver spoon
text: from the table and sneaks it into her shirt. An amplified
text: voice echoes from the street.
speaker_heading: VOICE (OFF)
text: A curfew is now in effect.
dialog: Theo looks:
dialog: 105.
text: THROUGH THE WINDOW
text: A caravan of armored personal carriers and tanks move slowly
text: down the empty streets.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (over loudspeaker)
dialog: Anyone seen on the streets will. be
dialog: considered hostile and shot. England
dialog: supports you and provides you shelter.
dialog: Do not support terrorists.
text: Then the same message, translated into French. On top of the
text: building across the street, men in masks armed with rifles
text: run in the opposite direction of the tanks.
speaker_heading: KEE’S VOICE
dialog: Watch at that! Watch at Santo and the
text: pussy.
scene_heading: IN THE APARTMENT
text: RUFF! Santo barks. HISS! The cat arches. Kee laughs.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Get it on!
text: The Georgian Man rolls back in his wheelchair to the table,
text: holding the bust of Lenin.
speaker_heading: GEORGIAN MAN
dialog: We hear Human Project, no believe.
dialog: Trick, make people hope.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: But is real!
text: The remains of the smile on the old man’s lips as he looks to
text: his wife, telling her something in Russian. Then:
speaker_heading: GEORGIAN MAN
dialog: Human Project!
speaker_heading: GEORGIAN WOMAN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Human Project.
text: Marichka nods, laughs, pretending like she understands.
speaker_heading: MARICHKA
dialog: Human Project!
text: The Georgian Man BREAKS Lenin’s bust on the table. In the
text: porcelain shards: a roll of money. English pounds.
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: EXT. FORMER BANK -- DAY
text: Marichka stands in the middle of the street, her senses
text: alert. Sporadic gunfire and shouting in the distance, but
text: the street seems safe. She signals, and starts trotting.
text: Theo immediately pushes Kee from the bank in the Georgian
text: Man’s wheelchair. Kee has the baby wrapped against her chest
text: and covered. She’s holding the orange cut like a swan.
scene_heading: EXT. BAY STREET -- DAY
text: The group in the middle of a street obscured in fog, Theo
text: pushing Kee in the wheelchair, trying to keep up with
text: Marichka’s quick trot, Santo tapping along.
text: A RUMBLING in the street. Santo stops, turns around, and
text: starts barking.
text: The ground begins to shake. They all turn: the street behind
text: them shrouded in fog. Street poles shaking. A mechanical
text: clacking adds to the rumbling, drowning out Santo’s barks.
text: Through the fog...a silhouette slowly taking form...mammoth. .
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Shit...
text: The silhouette defines itself as the fog gives way...
text: A TANK. Solid, massive, scary. And it’s damn close, coming
text: right on them.
text: Theo pushes Kee, the group running away from the tank.
text: Marichka looks back:
text: Santo holds his ground, barking at the metal monster.
text: Marichka turns, running back for her dog.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Marichka...!
text: The tank getting bigger, Santo loses his courage, whimpering,
dialog: backing off...
text: Marichka grabs the dog. She turns, finding her stride,
text: running back towards the others, trying to catch up...
scene_heading: DOWN BAY STREET
text: Theo and Kee come against: a long metal pole wedged in a
text: sewer, fortified by a big mountain of broken concrete and
text: debris blocking the street -- a barricade.
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED)
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Theo turns the wheelchair, veering off towards:
scene_heading: A NARROW ALLEY
text: As soon as Theo and Kee take refuge --
speaker_heading: BASQUE MAN
dialog: (in Basque)
dialog: “Down! Down!”
text: They turn: a man with a machine gun is yelling at them. They
text: are surrounded by other men -- some masked, all of them armed
text: -- more guns than the previous mobs.
text: Marichka makes it to the alley, chastising Santo --
speaker_heading: BASQUE MAN
dialog: “Get down!”
text: Marichka sizes the situation, and immediately drops to the
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: BAY STREET
text: The tank rolls by, followed by two Armored Personnel
text: Carriers. A metallic CREAK! The tank runs up against the
text: metal barricade pole that holds its ground.
text: A moment. Silence. Just the idling of the tank motor.
scene_heading: NARROW ALLEY
text: The Basque men lay in wait.
speaker_heading: BAY STREET
text: A change of gear -- CREAK! The tank pushes against the
text: barricade pole. The two metal arms wrestling, the tank
text: confident, but the barricade pole will not back down.
scene_heading: NARROW ALLEY
dialog: The Basque Man signals --
speaker_heading: BASQUE MAN
dialog: “Now! Now!”
text: The Basque men surge toward the street.
dialog: 108.
text: ACROSS THE STREET
text: More men surge forward, dragging over the carcass of a burned
text: out car, blocking the way. A flaming bottle hurled froma
text: building explodes against the tank. The ambush is on.
scene_heading: NARROW ALLEY ~
text: Theo gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: We've gotta move.
text: Theo rolls Kee forward, the baby secure against her chest,
text: following Marichka. Behind them, through the alley:
speaker_heading: BAY STREET
text: The carrier doors fly open, soldiers streaming out,
text: screaming, shooting...
text: The fog soon obscures the battle, but not the sound of
text: carnage.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY GARAGE -~- DAY
text: KNOCK! KNOCK! Marichka’s hand pounds a weathered door. An
text: eye-slit opens. A man with an extremely pale face, matted
text: hair and wispy whiskers stares out -- the SEWER RAT.
text: The Sewer Rat assesses Theo and Kee as Marichka prattles in
text: her language, negotiating. She reaches into her shirt,
text: pulling out the bills that used to be live in Lenin’s head,
text: waving them.
scene_heading: EXT. WHARF STREET -- DAY
text: 3 armored carriers cruise by, disappearing into the fog.
text: The coast clear, the Sewer Rat leads Theo and Kee and
text: Marichka onto the street.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Don‘t move! Don’t move!
text: Theo recognizes a man crossing toward them. The Hook-Nosed
text: Man. Coming at them, pointing a gun. Marichka immediately
text: drops into her submissive position, the Sewer Rat raises his
text: hands. The Hook-Nosed Man whistles -- shrill, distinctive.
text: Three masked, armed men come running toward the group. One
text: talking into a radio.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Wharf Street! Now!
text: The armed men surround them. The leader takes his mask off.
text: It's Patric. He looks at Theo -- THUD! Patric rifle butts
text: Theo in the gut, knocking him to the ground.
text: Two Fishes holding guns on Kee, Marichka and the Sewer Rat.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: You teenie prick Patric son of the
dialog: ugliest rotten whore may the devil keep
dialog: on fist fuckin’ her in hell!
text: A dozen heavily armed men come running from different
text: directions, converging on Theo, Kee and Marichka and the
text: Sewer Rat. Among them, Luke and Ian. Luke approaches Kee.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Fuck you.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You‘1l be protected.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (still on the ground)
dialog: We need to get to a boat.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (to the others}
dialog: Let’s go.
text: One Fish takes Kee’s wheelchair, another Fish flanking,
text: hustling her away. Luke looks at Theo, Marichka and the
dialog: Sewer Rat.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (to Patric)
dialog: Finish them.
text: Luke follows Kee and the Fishes. Patric cocks his pistol.
text: Marichka still on her knees, outstretching her hands...
speaker_heading: MARICHKA
dialog: “Please, please, please...”
text: Patric points the gun at Theo --
text: BAM! BAM! Shots ring out.
dialog: 110.
scene_heading: DOWN WHARF STREET
text: An armored carrier rolls toward them, two soldiers shooting
text: from the turret.
scene_heading: UP WHARF STREET
text: Patric retrains his pistol at the soldiers -- BAM! BAM! He
text: open fires. The other Fishes follow suit, a fierce burst of
text: gunfire that forces the armored carrier to stop.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Let's go. Ian, hold them off.
text: Luke and Patric run to catch up with Kee.
scene_heading: DOWN WHARF STREET
text: Soldiers climb out of the armored carrier, firing rounds.
scene_heading: UP WHARF STREET
text: Ian flanked by two men, holding position from behind a
text: doorway. Two other Fishes take a spot across the street.
text: Firing all they’ve got at the carrier.
text: Theo scrambles away from the line of fire.
speaker_heading: NEAR THE CORNER
text: Theo ducks into a doorway with Marichka, clutching Santo, the
text: Sewer Rat following. Theo watches:
scene_heading: FURTHER AHEAD
text: Luke and his men pushing Kee, rounding the CORNER onto 3rd
text: STREET, escaping the line of fire.
scene_heading: DOWN WHARF STREET
text: The street trembles, the poles shaking. The armored carrier
text: pulls to the side...
text: Allowing a TANK to pass by.
text: Shielding a group of soldiers, firing on Ian and his men.
scene_heading: UP WHARF STREET
text: The heavy barrage forces Ian and his men to retreat. Two
text: Fishes make it to the corner.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 1li.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Ian and the other two are flushed into open, crossing the
text: street towards the corner --
text: TAT-TAT-TAT-TAT. Soldier’s gunfire cuts down two of the
text: Fishes. Ian keeps running, swarming bullets smashing
text: concrete. He makes it to the corner. Behind him:
scene_heading: DOWN 3RD STREET
text: Luke and the other Fishes fleeing.
scene_heading: WHARF STREET DOORWAY
text: Theo watching Kee being rolled away. He turns to the Sewer
text: Rat and Marichka, who is crouched in a protective position.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Stay. Understand?
dialog: (using his hands)
dialog: You stay. You wait. Here. Understand?
speaker_heading: MARICHKA
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Marichka, stay.
text: Theo looks to his left:
speaker_heading: THE CORNER
text: Ian holding the position with two men, shooting, unable to
text: stop the advancing tank.
speaker_heading: TAN
dialog: (to the men)
dialog: Go!
text: The two men peel off after Luke. Ian fires a few more
text: rounds, then follows.
scene_heading: WHARF STREET DOORWAY
text: Theo looks to his right:
scene_heading: DOWN WHARF STREET
text: The tank advancing, the soldiers marching, holding fire,
text: their weapons trained on the corner, focused.
scene_heading: WHARF STREET DOORWAY
text: Theo sucks it up, gathering his courage. He storms out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Ahhhhhbh!
speaker_heading: WHARF STREET
text: Theo screaming his way into the open.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: ’ Ahhbhhhhh!
scene_heading: DOWN WHARF STREET
text: The soldiers, their focus on the corner broken by the
text: screaming man, are caught off guard, a double-take before
text: reacting, firing away.
speaker_heading: WHARF STREET
text: Theo screaming his way across, bullets ricochet and crash,
dialog: making it to:
speaker_heading: CORNER
text: Theo shields himself against the wall, catching his breath.
text: He looks towards:
speaker_heading: 3RD STREET
text: Ian and his men chase after Luke and the Fishes fleeing with
dialog: Kee.
speaker_heading: CORNER
text: Theo sucks a breath, and runs after them.
speaker_heading: 3RD STREET
text: Ian notices Theo running behind. He stops and shoots at him.
text: Theo twists away, running for cover, diving behind a stoop.
scene_heading: UP 3RD STREET
text: An armored carrier emerges from the fog, cutting off the
text: Fishes’ escape. They stop. Ian stops shooting at Theo,
text: running to catch up.
speaker_heading: CORNER
text: The tank making the turn.
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: UP 3RD STREET
text: Pinched between the Carrier and the tank, Luke gestures,
text: leading Kee and the Fishes towards the modern apartment block
text: in front of them. Ian catching up.
speaker_heading: STOOP
text: Theo gets up, starts running after the Fishes.
scene_heading: UP 3RD STREET
text: Soldiers climbing out of the carrier, shooting at Luke and
text: the Fishes pushing Kee’s wheelchair.
scene_heading: APARTMENT BLOCK
text: Luke, and the Fishes make it the building, hoisting the
text: wheelchair up the few stairs, rolling her inside.
speaker_heading: CORNER
text: The tank making it around. The soldiers follow. As they get
dialog: a clear shot --
speaker_heading: 3RD STREET
text: TAT-TAT-TAT-TAT! One of Ian’s men is shot in the back.
text: Theo halts, veering back, running towards a burned-out double-
text: decker, abandoned on the sidewalk across the street from the
text: apartment block. He dives through the back door, knocking
dialog: away the cardboard.
scene_heading: INT. BURNED OUT DOUBLE DECKER
text: Theo falls on top of people huddled inside. Spanish screams
text: of fear as bodies scramble away.
text: Theo gets to his feet. He’s just crashed into a densely
text: packed living quarter, makeshift mats crammed across the bus,
text: a burner in the middle. People crouching for cover, a few
text: peering through the cardboard covering the windows.
text: He goes to one, pulling back a piece of cardboard:
speaker_heading: 3RD STREET
text: Soldiers emerge from the 2nd Carrier, taking position behind
text: its metallic bulk, starting to shoot...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Ian and the last Fish make it to apartment block, bullets
text: exploding the concrete facade, the doorway shattering as they
text: disappear into the darkness within.
text: The tank and the soldiers arrive next to the armored carrier
text: positioned in front of the building.
text: Soldiers surge from behind tank and the armored carrier, 20
text: men, charging towards:
scene_heading: APARTMENT BLOCK DOORWAY
text: The soldiers run through the shattered doorway into the
text: building, of their footsteps receding in the darkness...
text: A MOMENT.
text: BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! Through the darkness, fierce flashes of
text: gunfire. Screams.
text: Soldiers stagger back out of the doorway, some wounded,
text: running in full retreat from the bullets flying from inside.
text: BLAM! BLAM! The escaping soldiers are gunned down from
text: behind. One lone soldier runs desperately, diving behind the
dialog: carrier, safe.
scene_heading: INT. BURNED OUT DOUBLE-DECKER
text: Stray bullets strafe the bus, people diving to the floor.
text: Theo keeps low, still peering out the cardboard window.
speaker_heading: 3RD STREET
text: Soldiers shielded behind the tank and armored cars return
text: fire, riddling the door. Other soldiers remove steel shields
text: from the side of the carrier, taking positions behind them.
scene_heading: APARTMENT BLOCK - 2ND FLOOR WINDOW
text: A GRENADE comes flying out.
speaker_heading: 3RD STREET —
text: The grenade lands in a cluster of soldiers setting up metal
text: shields -- BAM! The soldiers are blown away.
scene_heading: INT. BURNED OUT DOUBLE-DECKER
text: Grenade shrapnel rips through the cardboard. A woman taking
text: refuge in the corner is hit in the head.
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: 3RD STREET
text: The soldiers open fire on the 2nd floor window. The big tank
text: gun ratchets up...
scene_heading: INT. BURNED OUT DOUBLE~DECKER
text: Theo watches through the cardboard window.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: No, no, no, no...
speaker_heading: 3RD STREET
text: KA-BOOM. The tank recoils with the blast as the 2nd floor
text: window explodes, a concussive blow that rips a gaping scar in
text: the side of the building.
scene_heading: INT. BURNED OUT DOUBLE-DECKER
text: Theo reacts to the blast.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Shit.
text: He shakes it off, making his way to the end of the bus.
text: People screaming, crying, covering up. Theo stepping over
text: them, around them, getting to the front. Through the window:
speaker_heading: 3RD STREET
text: Soldiers fire at the 2nd floor.
text: From the 4th floor, white sheets and clothes wave from
text: windows, desperate pleas for mercy from tenants trapped in
dialog: the building.
text: From a 5th floor window, a Fish fires down on the soldiers.
text: Other Fishes shoot from different windows.
scene_heading: EXT. BURNED OUT DOUBLE-DECKER
text: Theo steps off the bus. A zone of hell -- armored carriers
text: and soldiers -- separate him from the apartment block.
text: Bullets flying from all directions.
text: Theo runs behind the soldiers, whose attention is focused on
text: shooting the building to pieces, and heads to the far edge of
text: the square in front of the apartment block, making it to:
scene_heading: A CONCRETE BARRICADE
text: Theo shields himself behind it. Across:
dialog: 116.
scene_heading: APARTMENT BLOCK PLAZA
text: The facade of the building falling to pieces. Tenants
text: streaming out the front doors, hands in the air, screaming
dialog: surrender in a dozen languages --
text: TAT-TAT-TAT-TAT. Soldier‘’s gun fire cuts down the fleeing
text: tenants. A few survivors retreat back into the building.
text: The tank targets its big gun at a 4th floor window where
text: shots are coming...
text: KA-BOOM. The tank mortar obliterates the window. In the
text: momentary silence of the aftershock...
scene_heading: CONCRETE BARRICADE
text: Theo sucks a breath, gathers his courage, makes his break.
scene_heading: APARTMENT BLOCK PLAZA
text: Theo in the open, running toward the doorway, side-stepping
text: the bodies of dead soldiers and tenants.
speaker_heading: 3RD STREET
text: The soldiers, busy with the windows, are slow in clocking
text: Theo running from the periphery. But the docrway is still
text: distant for Theo, and some soldiers aim at him, firing away.
scene_heading: APARTMENT BLOCK PLAZA
text: The bullets ricochetting and whizzing past Theo‘’s head and
text: his feet, still not close to the doorway.
speaker_heading: 3RD STREET
text: More soldiers notice Theo, shooting at him.
scene_heading: APARTMENT BLOCK DOORWAY
text: Bullets kick up debris around Theo. The doorway getting
text: closer, he sidesteps the bodies of soldiers and tenants.
text: 5 steps separate him from the jagged hole that is the door.
text: He slips on the blood-slicked cement, falling hard, bullets
text: ripping, fallen bodies all around, some getting more shots.
text: He crawls in panic. A final desperate lunge across blood,
text: glass and debris. Guardian angels working overtime, he
text: crosses the threshold of the door.
dialog: 117.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BLOCK LOBBY -- CONTINUOUS
text: Theo crawling at top speed across the dark corridor
text: splattered with rubble and dead bodies, bullets echoing and
text: ricochetting around the walls.
text: And now gunfire coming at him from the inside: the hook-nosed
text: leaves his position, storming after Theo.
text: Theo shields himself behind pillar, the hook-nosed coming at
text: him, shooting.
text: Bullets from the outside ricochet through the corridor,
text: clipping the hook-nosed man in the head. He falls dead.
text: Theo gasps for breath. The soldiers’ attack on the doorway
text: slowly diminishes, giving way to gunfire from within.
text: Across the corridor, he sees a man and a woman huddle behind
text: a pillar. He slowly gets up. Cautiously making his way
text: through bodies and debris to the stairs.
text: At the foot of the stairs: Kee’s discarded wheelchair. Theo
text: starts climbing.
scene_heading: INT. 2ND FLOOR STAIRCASE
text: Theo arrives at the landing, looking down the hallway. A few
text: tenants huddled in the dim shadows, staying low, keeping away
text: from the windows. A man cries in agony, splashing the puddie
text: of his own blood. But the heavy gunfire comes from upstairs.
text: He continues up.
scene_heading: INT. 3RD FLOOR STAIRCASE
text: Theo gets to the floor, peering down the hallway. Tenants on
text: the floor, covering their heads, a few wounded, screaming,
text: some bullets make it through the apartment, crashing into the
text: hall walls. Theo steps into:
scene_heading: 3RD FLOOR HALLWAY
text: He walks through the hallway and looks into an apartment
text: where a gun is being shot.
scene_heading: INT. 3RD FLOOR APARTMENT
text: Three tenants lay dead on the floor. At the window, Patric
text: fires down at the soldiers below. Immediately, he retreats
text: from the window, as bullets from outside rip through the
text: room, rushing toward the door.
dialog: 118.
scene_heading: INT. 3RD FLOOR HALLWAY
text: Theo retreats to the stairway landing, hiding as --
text: Patric storms out of the apartment, goes down the hall,
text: disappearing into another apartment. A moment. Fresh gun
text: shots are heard. Patric runs out, soldiers bullets ripping
text: through the apartment. He heads farther down the hallway.
speaker_heading: PATRIC
dialog: (pushing past tenants)
dialog: Fuck outta my way, fuck outta my way!
text: Patric kicks open the door of another apartment.
text: Theo notices: the orange cut like a swan, a few steps above
text: him, smashed. He continues up the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. 4TH FLOOR HALLWAY
text: Theo steps into the corridor. A tank mortar has ripped open
text: a gaping hole in the building. People huddle in the hallway,
text: the wounded, the terrified, the dead.
text: Theo walks through the hallway, reaching the mortar hole.
text: Soldiers’ bullets scream through the opening, shattering the
text: wall, spewing debris. He considers crossing before backing
text: off, returning to the stairs.
text: Then he hears it.
text: A BABY’S CRY. A weak wail through the chaos and explosions.
text: Coming from the end of the corridor. Separated by the gaping
text: mortar hole, where bullets crash through.
text: Theo edges up to the mortar-ripped hole. Sporadic bullets
text: smashing the wall. He sucks a breath. And runs. It’s only
text: ten feet, but it feels like a mile, the shots ringing past.
text: He makes it to the other side. He continues down the hall.
text: The baby’s cries louder. Tenants huddled in the hallway,
text: peering up warily, not quiet believing what they are hearing.
text: Loud cries, coming from an apartment. Theo steps into:
scene_heading: INT. 4TH FLOOR APARTMENT
text: The place has been shredded by bullets, glass shattered,
text: everything upended. Kee in a corner, protecting her baby
text: girl with her body.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Luke lays by ‘the window in a pool of his own blood, with his
text: back toward Kee, sniping out the window. In his other hand,
text: he shouts instructions on a radio.
speaker_heading: . LURE
dialog: ++-get ready to blow the south gate. The
dialog: South gate. We're coming out. :
text: With Luke’s distraction, Theo makes it over to Kee. The baby
text: is visible on her chest, still crying.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Yeh.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: How is she?
speaker_heading: KEE
text: Pissed off.
text: Theo leans down to Kee, helping her up.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (to Kee)
dialog: Easy. We're going to make it.
text: Bullets from outside RIDDLE the wall near them.’ Theo covers
text: Kee with his body. The shooting passes.
text: At the window, Luke responds, shooting rounds outside.
text: Theo and Kee making their way across the ruined room to the
text: door. Theo steps on glass, a cracking sound --
text: Luke turns and sees them. He points the gun. Theo freezes.
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: I carried her out of the wheelchair, and
text: I started crying. The baby. A girl.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Yeah, it’s a girl.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I forgot what they looked like.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: We need to get her out of here.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No, no, no. You don’t understand, Faron.
dialog: It's happening. I did what Julian
dialog: couldn't. I called for the national
dialog: uprising. And the people have responded.
dialog: Not only here. All over England. I made
dialog: it happen. They follow me.
text: Theo slowly keeps leading Kee to the doorway, wary of Luke,
text: who sites him with his pistol.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Stop, Faron. This child stays with us.
dialog: It’s our flag.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Fuck she is!
text: Theo and Kee at the doorway.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: This child is our new beginning.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: That she is.
text: BAM! Luke shoots. Theo recoils, hit in the gut, knocked
text: back out the door.
text: TAT-TAT-TAT. Glass shatters as guns fire from the outside,
text: ripping Luke to pieces.
scene_heading: INT. 4TH FLOOR HALLWAY
text: Theo clears the doorway. He’s in momentary shock, against
text: the wall, clutching his gut, looking at the blood oozing
text: through his fingers.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Shit.
dialog: . KEE
dialog: Fucker shot you.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I’m okay. Bullet went through.
dialog: (gritting through pain)
dialog: We gotta move.
text: Theo breathing through the pain, holing up Kee, walking down
text: the hall, the baby still crying.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The bullets intensifying from the outside, tearing through
text: the disintegrating facade, smashing into the hall wails --
text: all that noise numbed by the baby’s cries.
text: People huddled in the corridor, looking in disbelief. A
text: woman falls to her knees.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (praying)
dialog: Dios te salve Maria, llena eres de
dialog: gracia, el senor es contigo, bendita
dialog: eres entre las mujeres...
text: They get closer to the stairwell. Bullets are still flying,
text: but people seem fearless, poking their heads from doors,
text: risking their safe spots to get a closer look.
text: The baby’s crying gives an aura of security to Theo and Kee.
text: They are no longer ducking, walking straight down the hall.
text: A man breaks into tears. An old woman bleeding to death on
text: the floor reaches her gnarled finger to touch the baby’s
text: garment. She smiles as they pass -- she has heard the song
dialog: of an angel.
text: Theo and Kee arrive at the stairs. Kee starts to walk down,
text: but Theo stops her.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Come on.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: You’re shot.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I can do it.
text: Kee allows Theo to pick her up. He grunts with the effort,
text: and begins carrying them down:
scene_heading: INT. 4TH FLOOR STAIRWELL
text: The baby’s Cry expands through the contained space. Theo
text: carrying Kee down, using the wall for support. People
text: huddled on the stairs, looking with amazement. People
text: peering down at them from the upper floors.
text: TAT-TAT-TAT. A gun battie, coming up the stairs toward them.
text: Patric and 2 Fishes are backing up the stairs, shooting down
text: at pursuing soldiers below, who answer with a round of fire.
text: Patric hears crying, turning, pointing his gun at:
speaker_heading: { CONTINUED )
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Theo and Kee, no place to hide. Patric pointing the gun at
text: Theo’s head, about to pull the trigger. But the baby is
text: wailing in Kee’s arms. Patric looking at the baby in stunned
text: disbelief. Then he lowers his gun. He and the Fishes back
text: away, staring at the baby as Theo and Kee head down.
scene_heading: INT. 3RD FLOOR STAIRWELL
text: Gunfire from below forces people against the wall. Theo and
text: Ree continue walking down. Heavy footsteps. A soldier
text: surges up the stairs, pointing his gun at the newborn girl,
text: who wails away.
text: Theo and Kee walk past him. The soldier breathless, the cry
text: conflicting with his adrenaline.
speaker_heading: SOLDIER
dialog: Hold positions and hold fire!
text: Theo continues carrying Kee down. People on the stairs
text: standing up, getting a look. More soldiers, holding their
text: weapons in silence, stilled by the baby’s cry.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BLOCK LOBBY
text: The baby cries echo through the lobby, now held by the
text: military. Soldiers hold strategic positions, watching Theo
text: and Kee pass, glimpsing the child in confusion, awe.
text: At the shattered doorway, Theo staggers. Kee sees his sweat,
text: his pain. His shirt is covered in blood.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Put me down.
text: Theo hesitates.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: I wanna walk.
text: Theo sets Kee down on her feet. Kee walks slowly,
text: resolutely, leaning on Theo for support. They pass through
text: the shattered doorway.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT BLOCK PLAZA
text: Theo, Kee and the baby step into the murky light of the foggy
text: day. An impenetrable line of soldiers positioned in the
text: plaza face them, their weapons pointed, ready. The heavy
text: machinery of war silenced by the cries of a baby.
text: Theo and Kee walk forward, toward the soldiers.
speaker_heading: {CONTINUED )
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The weapons aimed at them begin to lower. An instinctive
text: shuffle to the side, as if commanded by the cry, creating a
text: space for them to pass.
text: Kee carrying her child, Theo limping at her side, bleeding,
text: as the ocean of soldiers part like the Red Sea, allowing them
text: to pass through. The somber faces of the soldiers, watching,
text: touched by the baby’s crying.
text: BAM! BAM! BAM! Rifle shots from the 4th floor window shatter
text: the silence. Two soldiers behind Theo are hit.
text: Theo covers Kee as soldiers open fire at the apartment block.
text: From the windows, guns fire back.
text: A new battle flares. Theo and Kee walk, ignored by the
text: soldiers that surge forward, taking new positions.
text: KA-BOOM. The tank blasts a massive hole in the 4th floor.
scene_heading: CORNER - WHARF & 3RD
text: Leaving the battle behind, Kee and Theo walking down the
text: street, Theo limping badly. Marichka surges from the corner,
text: holding Santo, greeting them with a bad-toothed smile. The
text: Sewer Rat by her side.
scene_heading: EXT. WHARF STREET SEWER -- A LITTLE LATER
text: The Sewer Rat pulling off a sewer lid, Theo grunting as he
text: helps get it off the rest of the way. Theo kneeling there,
text: gasping, his face drained. The baby still crying.
scene_heading: INT. SEWER
text: A ceiling lamp illuminates a concrete sewer drain, a narrow
text: channel of foul water running through it. Boxes of contraband
text: stacked to one side: alcohol, batteries, medicine, cans of
text: food, electrical wire. Marichka giving some bills to the
dialog: Sewer Rat.
text: Theo sitting in a BOAT, a simple wooden launch with two
text: paddles, moored with a rope to the side. He’s in bad shape.
text: He helps Kee accommodate herself in back. She’s holding a
dialog: candle.
text: Marichka comes to them, prattling on, Santo on her shoulders,
text: gesturing toward the end of the tunnel where ambient light
dialog: filters in.
speaker_heading: MARICHKA
dialog: Go, go boat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Theo extends his hand to help Marichka into the Launch.
speaker_heading: MARICHKA
dialog: Marichka no go.
text: Marichka counts off a few bills for herself, handing the rest
text: of the wad to Theo.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (waves it off)
dialog: Marichka keep.
text: Marichka smiles. She pushes the launch into motion.
text: Theo starts to row. Kee holding the candle, she puts the
text: baby on her breast. The baby quiets, feeding. Glimpses of
text: graffiti on the walls like cave paintings.
text: Marichka receding in darkness, holding Santo, waving at them.
text: AT THE END OF THE TUNNEL
text: A breeze from outside extinguishes the candle. Theo rows
text: toward the light. Passing through a metal grate that has
text: been cut away.
scene_heading: EXT. SEWER -- DAY
text: The launch emerges into the fog, distant sounds of the riot
text: filtering through. A barbed-wire fence running the length
text: shoreline separates them from Bexhill.
text: They ride the drainage channel that feeds a short distance
text: into the sea.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SEA’S EDGE ~+- CONTINUOUS
text: The launch coming out of the channel, meeting the sea, Theo
text: rowing in pain. The fog obscuring the riot in the city.
text: Dead calm, but the tide is on their side.
scene_heading: EXT. OPEN SEA -~- DAY
text: What lays beyond obscured by milky fog.
text: Theo rowing, slowing slightly, strength waning. The fog has
text: enveloped the city behind them, the riots a distant echo.
text: The world around them has disappeared.
text: Ahead of them, the fog gives way, opening into sunlight.
text: Revealing the rhythmic flashing of a BUOY.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: , KEE
dialog: The buoy! Theo, the buoy!
text: Theo rows once more, groaning with the effort.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: What time is it?
text: The launch gains momentum, then slows. The sun now visible,
text: touching the horizon, the day ending.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Late.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: They’1l wait.
text: Kee is alert, looking around, the buoy rocking rhythmically,
text: splashing water. Theo stops rowing, tears in his eyes.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I am sorry, Kee. I am so sorry.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: We gonna make it.
text: Theo shakes his head, eyes wet. He knows.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: I’m not gonna make it.
text: Kee looks at him.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: And I’1l never know if you make it.
text: Theo smiles at her.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: But I want to believe that you will.
dialog: . KEE
dialog: I will.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Promise?
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Fuckin’ yeah.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Cheedo.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Theo’s coat opens, revealing a nasty gut wound. —
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: You remember those spring days in London
dialog: when the sun shines. It was one of those
text: days. People taking their shirts off.
text: Some had flowers in their hair. Music
text: was playing. It was like a big
dialog: celebration. And suddenly people were
text: running in all directions. People
text: falling, stepping on each other, panic.
text: Julian got carried away, swallowed in the
text: crowd. And it came so hard. The rubber
dialog: bullet. Knocked me flat on my back...
dialog: When I got up I saw the blood. And he
text: wasn’t moving. I put my arm around him
dialog: to protect him. You get it? I put my
text: arm around him to protect him after he
dialog: was dead.
text: The boat drifting.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Dylan.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: Huh? ~
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Gonna call her Dylan. Girl's name too,
dialog: yeh?
text: Theo in pain, genuinely smiles.
speaker_heading: THEO
dialog: (to baby)
dialog: Hi, Dylan.
text: Theo musters all he’s got left, reaching the oars back, wood
text: cutting through water, grunting his last breath, propelling
text: the launch a little farther.
dialog: And that’s it.
text: Theo’s body slumps as the launch loses momentum. And slows.
text: No direction. Drifting. Kee's eyes fill with tears.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Theo...
dialog: No response. “
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
text: The water slaps at the edges of the launch. The sun spewing
text: a final burst of color as it disappears behind the horizon,
dialog: the day ending.
text: Behind the buoy --
text: A BOAT. Cutting through the water towards them.
speaker_heading: KEE
dialog: Theo! “The Tomorrow”!
text: But Theo doesn’t move,
text: The wooden vessel approaching, nets and gear -- A FISHING
text: BOAT. The name painted on the stern. “THE TOMORROW”.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
