scene_heading: CHILDREN OF THE CORN
dialog: Screenplay
dialog: By
dialog: George Goldsmith
dialog: Based on the short story
dialog: By
dialog: Stephen King
dialog: Second revision
speaker_heading: 8/5/83
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: UNDER RELIGIOUS CHOIR MUSIC
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH LETTERBOARD SIGN - DAY
text: An old, wooden sign in front of an equally old but sturdy,
text: salt of the earth church with a towering steeple. This is the
text: GRACE BAPTIST CHURCH of Gatlin, Nebraska and the sign
text: proclaims the topic of today's sermon: CORN DROUGHT AND THE
speaker_heading: LORD
speaker_heading: CAMERA PANS
text: As the choir music continues, picking up the DOORS TO THE
text: CHURCH as they open to allow the CONGREGATION to exit.
scene_heading: ANGLE - A CHILD'S POV
text: We see only the legs of pants and hems of dresses from this
text: little person's perspective. The parishioners are in their
text: "Sunday" clothes. We don't see the upper bodies or faces.
dialog: OVER THIS SHOT we hear:
speaker_heading: JOB (VO)
dialog: I don't remember everything that
dialog: happened cuz I was only five then
dialog: and now I'm eight.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE CHURCH ENTRANCE
text: An adorable little boy of about five, his hand firmly in the
text: grasp of an adult's hand, is led out of the church. This is
text: JOB, and he is dressed appropriately for worship. He comes up
text: to his father's waist, and this is all we see of the father
text: and the MINISTER in front of whom the father stops for a
text: BEAT. Job stands there looking around while his father
text: apparently talks with the minister. Legs continue to file out
text: past them.
speaker_heading: JOB (VO)
dialog: I was about the only kid in church
dialog: that day, on account of all the
dialog: other kids had been excused to go
dialog: listen to Isaac, who was this boy
dialog: preacher who'd come to Gatlin a few
dialog: days before.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - JOB
text: AN ADULT, also whom we only see from the WAIST DOWN, bangs
text: into Job, who goes flying but doesn't fall because the
text: strong hand of his father hangs on to him and lifts him into
text: the air, setting him back down in place again.
text: THE HAND of THE MAN WHO BUMPED HIM gives Job a vigorous but
text: apologetic rub across the hair.
speaker_heading: JOB (VO)
dialog: Sarah was home sick with mom. Dad
dialog: decided to take me so he could talk
dialog: about the drought with some of the
dialog: other men. That's all everybody was
dialog: talking about then, the drought.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Father finishes his brief conversation with the minister and
text: starts down the steps with Job. It's hard for little Job to
text: keep up with his dad and he's constantly whisked off his feet
text: whenever he lags too far behind.
scene_heading: INT. HANSEN'S COFFEE SHOP - JOB'S POV
text: The door is pushed open by the unseen hand of his father and
text: Job is led into the coffee shop. Hansen's is a small,
text: comfortable, homey place that caters strictly to the locals.
text: The furnishings are modest but everything is clean and neat
text: Booths with red vinyl cushioning line the walls and the floor
text: holds eight or ten tables. There are also stools at the
text: Formica counter, behind which MR. and MRS. HANSEN work
text: busily.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The coffee shop is crowded, mostly with ADULTS but also with
text: A HALF DOZEN BOYS between the ages of 15 and 18. The two
text: waitresses, SALLY and MARIE HANSEN, are about 17. They are
dialog: being kept quite busy.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Four of the boys are crowded around a video MACHINE. They're
dialog: keeping very much to themselves.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Job's father lifts him onto a stool at the counter and walks
text: towards the PAY PHONE.
speaker_heading: JOB (VO)
dialog: Dad was worried about Sarah, so he
text: went over to the phone as soon as
dialog: we got in.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS JOB'S FATHER as he walks across the room to
dialog: the pay phone. We never see him fully, only the fact that he
text: is very average and non-descript.
text: As he passes the four boys at the machine, one of them looks
text: up and follows him with his eyes. This is WILLIAM RENFREW.
speaker_heading: JOB (VO)
dialog: There were some other kids there.
dialog: I thought they were all in the corn
text: with Isaac. Billy Renfrew looked at
dialog: my dad, then smiled at me kinda
dialog: funny.
scene_heading: ANGLE - RENFREW - JOB'S POV
text: After studying Job's father for a beat, he turns his gaze on
text: Job and smiles in a malignant, leering way.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - JOB
text: He averts his eyes quickly and spins on the stool so he won't
text: have to return the older boy's look.
speaker_heading: JOB (VO)
dialog: Dad sure was taking a long time.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: A STRAWBERRY SHAKE is set down with a loud bang by kindly Mr.
text: Hansen, who smiles at how startled Job is by the noise. Job
text: glances up at him fearfully.
scene_heading: QUICK SHOT- JOB'S FATHER
text: A concerned look on his face, he continues on the phone.
scene_heading: INT. JOB'S FAMILY HOUSE
text: SARAH, an angelic blonde haired girl of four years, is
text: tossing and turning in bed. Her face is feverish and flushed.
scene_heading: ANGLE - INCLUDING SARAH
text: HER MOTHER is visible in another room on the phone, talking
text: with her husband, Job and Sarah's father. Semi-conscious in
text: her fever, Sarah spills a box of CRAYONS and clutches a BLACK
text: one. Without looking, she begins scrawling on a piece of
scene_heading: MANILA PAPER.
scene_heading: QUICK SHOT - THE PAPER
text: What she's drawing is not yet discernible, just a patch of
text: black in the middle of the page.
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE SHOP
text: Job is sucking with all his might on a straw protruding from
text: the strawberry shake. He glances towards his father.
text: Something catches his eyes and causes him to FREEZE.
scene_heading: EXT. THRU FRONT WINDOW - JOB'S POV - DAY
text: Thru the window, beyond his father, beyond the boys by the
text: Pac Man machine, stands ISAAC. A gaunt boy of 12, he has a
text: face right out of the Old Testament and eyes that burn like
text: coal. He is dressed in black robes and a wide-brimmed hat. He
text: is staring into - through -the coffee shop.
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE SHOP
text: The straw slips out of Job's mouth. He is frightened to death
text: of the vision before him but he can't take his eyes off of
text: Isaac. Few, if any, of the adults in the room take notice,
text: but the boys by the Pac Man do.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE BOYS
text: They turn and scan the room full of adults.
scene_heading: SALLY AND MARIE
text: Look at the boys conspiratorially.
speaker_heading: MARIE
text: Has four cups of coffee on a tray. She slips a white powder
text: into them from a packet in her hand.
scene_heading: TWO MORE BOYS
text: Step out of the kitchen. They have "farm instruments" with
text: them — HAY HOOKS and SICKLES.
speaker_heading: MR. HANSEN
text: Looks at the boys, confused by their presence.
speaker_heading: JOB
text: Is now terrified, trembling as he continues to stare at
dialog: Isaac.
speaker_heading: SEVERAL ADULTS
text: All of whom have been drinking coffee, begin to gag and
text: choke. They lurch forward out of their seats, gasping for
text: breath as they fall.
speaker_heading: THE FOUR Boys
text: All whip out hooks, knives, scythes and other deadly WEAPONS.
text: They block the door.
speaker_heading: JOB'S FATHER
text: looks at the boys in complete bewilderment. For a moment he
text: forgets about the phone.
scene_heading: QUICK SHOT - SARAH
text: She is scribbling like mad, seemingly unaware of what she's
dialog: doing or drawing.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE DRAWING
text: It is beginning to take shape. A PERSON, a childish stick
text: figure, but unmistakable nonetheless, pointing....
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE SHOP
text: Mr. Hansen raises his hands in a futile gesture to ward off a
text: sickle that is arching through the air towards him. The
text: point of it buries in his chest and a splatter of blood hits
dialog: Job.
speaker_heading: JOB'S FATHER
text: tries to pull A BOY off an ELDERLY WOMAN. He grabs the youth
text: from behind but barely gets his hands on him when A HAND
text: HOLDING A SCREWDRIVER plummets INTO FRAME and into his back.
speaker_heading: JOB
text: screams but nothing comes out. It is a scream from the
text: deepest part of his being, and it is silent. Mr. Hansen' s
text: blood is still sprayed across his face.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: The interior of the coffee shop has turned into a scene of
text: complete carnage, with all of the adults who are still alive
text: being either cut down or finished off by the Children Of The
text: Corn. Chairs and tables are over-turned, dishes and glasses
text: broken all over the floor, and blood everywhere.
scene_heading: EXT. THE COFFEE SHOP - DAY
text: Isaac, standing fixed in place, is gradually encircled by his
text: devoted followers. CHILDREN, from four to 19, gather around
text: him, instruments of death in their hands all dripping with
text: fresh blood. Like him, they face the coffee shop and wait.
speaker_heading: JOB (VO)
dialog: That's how Isaac came and taught us
text: about He Who Walks Behind The Rows.
scene_heading: ANGLE - COFFEE SHOP DOORWAY - ISAAC'S POV
text: The largest, most muscular, and most murderous of the boys
text: inside the coffee shop emerges, his BUTCHER KNIFE dripping
text: with blood. This is MALACHAI. He remains there, looking down
dialog: at Isaac.
speaker_heading: JOB (VO)
dialog: Isaac and Malachai.
scene_heading: INT. JOB'S FAMILY HOUSE - SARAH'S BEDROOM
text: Sarah is still in bed but is resting quietly now. CAMERA
text: ZOOMS IN SLOWLY to the PICTURE she has completed.
scene_heading: THE PICTURE - CLOSE-UP
text: It shows stick figure representations of Isaac, surrounded by
text: the other children, facing Malachai. Behind Malachai is a
text: large splotch of bright red where the coffee shop would be.
text: Although the drawing is obviously the work of a child, there
text: is an eerie, primitive quality to it.
speaker_heading: JOB (VO)
dialog: That's when Sarah started drawing
dialog: these pictures.
text: CAMERA BEGINS TO PAN ACROSS THIS PICTURE OPENING CREDITS ROLL
speaker_heading: UNDER MUSIC
scene_heading: A SERIES OF PICTURES - UNDER CREDITS
text: All done by Sarah in the same crayon style as the one we have
text: just seen, they reveal part of the story of Gatlin, Nebraska.
text: Some are captioned.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE FIRST PICTURE
text: Shows a cornfield wilted and dry. A MINISTER with gray hair
text: is holding a REVIVAL MEETING in a clearing.
speaker_heading: CAMERA PANS TO:
text: THE NEXT PICTURE
text: Shows the same Minister from the previous picture being
text: pushed aside and supplanted by the now familiar figure of
text: ISAAC. The caption underneath reads: AND A CHILD SHALL LEAD
speaker_heading: THEM
speaker_heading: CAMERA PANS TO:
text: THE NEXT PICTURE
text: Shows everyone at the meeting kneeling in prayer to Isaac,
text: who holds his hands aloft triumphantly. The corn all around
text: is large and green and glowing.
speaker_heading: CAMERA PANS TO:
text: THE NEXT PICTURE
text: The Grace Baptist Church. Hanging from its steeple is the
text: gray haired Minister from the first picture. His eyes bulge
text: horribly, almost comically, and his tongue is sticking out. A
scene_heading: caption at the bottom: THOU SHALL WORSHIP NO FALSE IDOLS
speaker_heading: CAMERA PANS TO:
text: THE NEXT PICTURE
text: A FAMILY, with the parents lying bloodied and dead next to
text: happy, smiling children.
speaker_heading: CAMERA PANS TO:
scene_heading: THE LAST PICTURE
text: That of a HOTEL, a simplistic version in red brick with black
text: windows, and a BLUE THUNDERBIRD prominently parked next to
speaker_heading: CREDITS END
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOLIDAY INN - MORNING
text: ESTABLISHING SHOT. It is red brick, two levels; a real life
text: version of the hotel in Sarah's picture.
scene_heading: ANGLE - PARKING LOT
text: A BLUE THUNDERBIRD sits quietly in the parking lot
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL ROOM
text: Morning light filters through the curtains of the room, which
text: is a standard DOUBLE OCCUPANCY. There are a couple of
text: suitcases lying around, some clothes scattered about, and a
text: STEVEN KING PAPERBACK on the night table. BURT STANTON, an
text: attractive young man of 28, is lying in bed fast asleep.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Someone is sneaking through the room towards Burt. We do not
text: see who it is, but there is a sense of danger counter pointed
text: by the peacefulness of the sleeping figure. CAMERA MOVES
scene_heading: SLOWLY, STEADILY, TOWARDS BURT.
scene_heading: CLOSE-UP - BURT
text: As the figure sneaking up on him reaches bedside and stands
text: over him for a beat, then leans down closer and closer and
dialog: with more danger and...FWWWWTTT!!!
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: SURPRISE!!! !!!
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt jumps up with a start. His girlfriend VICKY BAXTER is a
text: foot away from him shouting and blowing a party-blower in his
text: face. The feathered end of it unfurls and tickles his face.
text: Vicky is about Burt's age, wearing a sexy, flimsy nightgown
text: and a party hat. She throws her arms around her frightened
dialog: lover.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Happy birthday, darling!
text: She's giggling mischievously over the fright her little
text: surprise has caused him, and assuages any damage done with a
text: seductive kiss. Burt's heart rate begins a slow descent
text: towards normal as Vicky hands him a SHEET OF PAPER, rolled
text: into a scroll and wrapped in tissue with a ribbon around it
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Present number one.
text: Burt laughs self-consciously and takes the paper. He unwraps
text: and unrolls it and looks at what it is.
scene_heading: QUICK SHOT - THE PAPER
text: It is a TUITION BILL from NORTHWESTERN MEDICAL SCHOOL. It is
text: stamped PAID in big, red letters.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Ta da!
scene_heading: ANGLE - TWO SHOT
text: Burt is as pleased as he is surprised, and he's very
dialog: surprised.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: But honey, how...I thought your
dialog: last paycheck....
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: It did. But I had a little nest egg
dialog: I was saving just for this....
text: She pulls out another wrapped gift, this one a long,
dialog: rectangular box.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: And this....
text: Burt can't believe the windfall. He opens the box with even
text: more self-conscious delight. He holds up a beautiful WATCH.
text: His jaw drops. Vicky is equally delighted and excited by his
dialog: reaction.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Look on the back.
text: Burt turns the watch over and looks closely.
scene_heading: THE INSCRIPTION - CLOSE UP - BURT'S POV
scene_heading: FOR BURT STANTON M.D. - My Darling - LOVE VICKY
speaker_heading: TWO SHOT
text: Burt pulls her close and kisses her tenderly.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Oh Vick....
text: After the kiss she reaches for a small CASSETTE PLAYER and
text: punches the button. The mischievous smile returns to her
text: face as she straightens up and prepares to serenade him.
text: BARRY WHITE, singing LOVE DOCTOR, begins to play. Vicky
text: silently mouths the words in a wonderfully ridiculous
text: caricature. Burt starts laughing and Vicky can't keep a
text: straight face. Burt hits her with a pillow affectionately.
dialog: 10.
text: A KNOCK AT THE DOOR INTERRUPTS THEM.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Vicky makes no move to answer the door. In fact, she looks
text: as if it's completely unexpected. Burt, still in his under
text: shorts, walks over.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: BELL GIRL (VO)
dialog: Room service.
text: Burt opens the door a crack and looks.
scene_heading: THE BELL GIRL - BURT'S POV
text: An exceptionally attractive YOUNG WOMAN is standing outside
text: the door holding a plate with a bran muffin on it. A SINGLE
text: CANDLE, lighted, sticks out of the muffin.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Forgetting he's wearing only his under shorts, Burt opens the
text: door and faces the bell girl. She makes no move to enter but
text: instead starts singing HAPPY BIRTHDAY.
speaker_heading: BURT
text: Is obviously attracted to her, almost to the exclusion of
text: Vicky, who arranged the whole thing. He stares at the young
text: woman, waiting for her to finish.
scene_heading: ANGLE - INCLUDING VICKY
text: When the bell girl does finish, Burt is beside himself
text: looking for a couple of dollars to give her as a tip. Vicky
text: watches, as he fumbles through his pants pockets, the bell
text: girl not completely oblivious to his attentions.
speaker_heading: VICKY
text: Watches quietly as he hands the woman the tip. There isa
text: hurt, knowing expression on her (Vicky's) face.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 11.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - DAY
text: Burt and Vicky are on the road in the blue T-bird. The back
text: seat is filled with CLOTHES, SPORTING EQUIPMENT, A COOLER,
text: PAPER BAGS, etc., and empty FAST FOOD CONTAINERS AND WRAPPERS
text: are threatening to overflow from a garbage bag and the
dialog: ashtray.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (Contrite)
dialog: C'mon, honey. You're making
text: something out of nothing.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: To me it’s something. To you it is
dialog: nothing.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: How would you like to be standing
dialog: around in your underwear while some
dialog: cute guy sang you happy birthday?
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: (Relenting)
dialog: I wouldn't mind if it was you. As
dialog: a matter of fact, it sounds kinda
dialog: kinky.
text: She gives him a slightly grin, which he smiles at. The
text: tension evaporates. Burt reaches across the seat and hugs her
text: to him, driving with one hand.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I know what you're thinking. You
dialog: put me through med school, I'm on
dialog: my way out to a good internship
dialog: position in California, and now
dialog: maybe I don't need Vicky so much
dialog: anymore. Right?
text: Her silence answers affirmative.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Wrong. I still need Vicky as much
dialog: as I always have, and I love her
dialog: very much. Maybe I'm not as ready
dialog: to settle down as you are, but that
dialog: doesn't mean I love you any less.
dialog: Got it?
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Got it.
dialog: 12.
text: He gives her a reassuring hug.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Good. Welcome to Nebraska.
text: Vicky looks out the window.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD SIGN - THEIR POV - DAY
text: A large official sign welcoming drivers to the state. WELCOME
scene_heading: TO NEBRASKA THE CORNHUSKER STATE PLEASE DRIVE SAFELY PAY TOLL
speaker_heading: ONE MILE
scene_heading: EXT. THE CAR - DAY
text: It continues past the sign, burrowing into a vast sea of
text: cornfields.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GATLIN NEBRASKA - DAY
dialog: We have seen glimpses of Gatlin before, but things now -
text: three years later - are far more tranquil and idyllic. It is
text: just a tiny farm community not even on the map, out in the
dialog: middle of nowhere. Like everything else in this state, it is
text: surrounded by cornfields.
speaker_heading: A BARN
text: stands at the edge of where the cornfield meets the town.
text: Three children are hiding behind it, pressed against the
text: side. They are Job and Sarah, whom we've met, and JOSEPH, who
text: is much older and larger at 14. All three are dressed in
text: black cloth clothes of simple design, not unlike the Amish or
text: Mennonites. Joseph has a suitcase with him and appears
text: extremely nervous, to the point of desperation. As CAMERA
text: MOVES IN SLOWLY, we hear JOB'S CONTINUING VOICE OVER
speaker_heading: NARRATIVE.
speaker_heading: JOB (VO)
dialog: We were with Joseph when he ran
dialog: away. He was pretty scared. I
dialog: wasn't.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE THREE KIDS
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: (whining, frightened)
dialog: I'm scarrrrrred!
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Me tooooooo.
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: There's nothing to be afraid of. I
dialog: said I'd come back for you. I
dialog: promise.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: Can't we go with you? Pleeeease?
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: No! I'd never make it with you
dialog: two.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: But we don't like it here!
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: I said you'll be alright.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: As long as nobody finds them
dialog: pictures you been drawing.
text: Sarah averts her eyes and tugs sheepishly at her dress.
speaker_heading: JOB
text: She can't help it.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: That won't matter to Isaac and
dialog: Malachai. They'll take it asa
dialog: sign. Anyway, you know crayons and
dialog: drawings are forbidden.... just
dialog: like having a record player.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: But we like it! Isaac doesn't let
dialog: us do anything.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Well you just better mind him 'til
dialog: I get back, or else you know what
dialog: happens.
text: He punctuates his conversation with constant glances towards
text: the town and, more particularly, the corn. Job picks up on
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: You're not goin' through the corn
dialog: are you?
text: This apparently bodes ill. Joseph swallows hard and looks
text: out over the field.
dialog: 14.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE CORNFIELD - JOSEPH'S POV
text: It is serene, but dense and unyielding. A threat.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE THREE KIDS
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Can't go no other way.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: But what about....?
text: She doesn't finish. She doesn't need to.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: It'll be alright, unless you tell
dialog: anybody I'm gone.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: We won't.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Cross your heart and hope to die,
dialog: stick a needle in your eye?
speaker_heading: JOB AND SARAH
text: nod in agreement like two good little soldiers. They cross
text: their hearts with their fingers and then motion as if
text: sticking something in their eyes. It is a children's oath
text: taken in the way of children - with the utmost solemnity and
dialog: sincerity.
speaker_heading: THREE SHOT
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Okay. You know what that means. If
dialog: you tell you're gonna burn on the
text: lake of fire for all eternity.
text: Their eyes widen in fear at the prospect. Joseph turns his
text: attention to the cornfield. He's sweating profusely.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Make sure nobody's looking!
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Job and Sarah race to the town side of the barn and look
text: cautiously around. Simultaneously they shout back to Joseph
text: at the tops of their lungs.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: JOB AND SARAH
dialog: OKAY!!!
speaker_heading: ANGLE - JOSEPH
text: He cringes at the volume and rolls his eyes in disbelief. One
text: deep breath and he's off into the corn.
scene_heading: ANGLE - JOB AND SARAH
text: They stand there watching disappointedly as their friend
text: makes good his escape. They remain fixed, frightened and
dialog: silent.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - DAY
text: A long, flat, straight, strip of black tape separating a sea
text: of golden-tipped, green corn on either side. There is
text: something alien, remote, about this landscape. A DOT appears
text: in the distance, growing larger.
speaker_heading: THE DOT
text: Becomes the blue Thunderbird, which whips by. CAMERA FOLLOWS
text: IT, picking up a faded WOODEN SIGN by the roadside.
speaker_heading: THE SIGN
text: Reads GATLIN 7 MILES.
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
text: Burt and Vicky are bored and quiet, lost in separate
dialog: thoughts.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - THEIR POV - DAY
text: Deserted, dilapidated, a roadside skeleton that hasn't been
dialog: attended in years.
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: So now we know. The back roads are
dialog: even less interesting than the
dialog: highway.
text: Vicky smiles sympathetically. She reaches for the radio.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Maybe they've discovered music...
dialog: 16.
text: She flips the knob and a PREACHER'S VOICE fills the car
speaker_heading: PREACHER (VO)
dialog: Hallelujah!
scene_heading: BURT AND VICKY
dialog: Hallelujah!
speaker_heading: PREACHER (VO)
dialog: The Lord has said that there are
text: many mansions in His house. But
dialog: there's no room there for the
dialog: fornicator!
text: Burt and Vicky give each other a look. This is a goof.
speaker_heading: CONGREGATION (VO)
dialog: (loud)
speaker_heading: NO ROOM!
speaker_heading: PREACHER (VO)
dialog: No room for the hommasexshull!
speaker_heading: CONGREGATION (VO)
speaker_heading: NO ROOM!
speaker_heading: PREACHER (VO)
dialog: No room for the abortionist, nor
dialog: the drug abuser, no room for rock
dialog: and roll music!
speaker_heading: CONGREGATION (VO)
speaker_heading: NO ROOM!
speaker_heading: PREACHER (VO)
dialog: When are they gonna find out that
dialog: the wages of sin are paid in the
dialog: hot, hot halls of...
text: Vicky turns the dial sharply before the preacher can finish.
text: All she gets is static.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Hallelujah, amen, peanut butter,
text: white bread, and Donnie and Marie.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: No room for the college graduate!
dialog: No room for people who watch public
dialog: television!
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: No room for commitments.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Amen!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CORNFIELD - DAY
text: Joseph is running scared through the corn. He struggles
text: against the thick, unyielding stalks and is sweating and
text: breathing heavily. He stops every few yards to listen for
text: sounds of pursuit and also to get his orientation.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: He stops, changes direction, stops again and looks up at the
text: sun. He is lost and fighting against his panic. The corn
text: begins to RUSTLE ominously. Joseph does an abrupt about face
text: and runs face first into a heavy ear. It thuds against his
text: cheek, raising a welt.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THUNDERBIRD - DAY
text: It continues to run the steady, gauntlet of corn.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: CAMERA IS LOOKING OUT FROM the cornfield, as if the plants
text: themselves were watching. The car goes by.
scene_heading: ANGLE - HEAD ON
text: With the approaching vehicle. It abruptly slows down and
text: pulls over onto the narrow shoulder that separates the
text: asphalt from the corn. There is a claustrophobic sense about
text: proximity of the stalks. Burt’s door opens.
scene_heading: INT. CAR/EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: Burt gets out. Vicky remains inside but the windows are open.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: BURT
text: Corn looks a little dry.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Can I watch?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Better not. It leads to insanity.
dialog: 18.
text: He walks up to the wall of corn. It's imposing, and it stops
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: That's okay. I'm crazy about you
dialog: anyway.
text: Burt is transfixed by the corn. He doesn't respond, or even
dialog: turn around.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Burt? Is anything wrong?
text: That snaps him out of it. He looks back at her and smiles.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: No. Be back in a sec.
text: He starts to go into the field.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The corn rustles ever so slightly in front of him, but there
text: is no breeze. Burt stops like he's just walked into a wall
dialog: of glass.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (to Vicky)
dialog: Did you see that???
scene_heading: ANGLE - INCLUDING VICKY
text: She's still in the car, leaning out the window.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: No. What?
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I guess it was nothing.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Oh boy! Somebody's been in the car
dialog: too long.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (not convinced)
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: 19.
text: With a hint of apprehension, he submerges into the field. It
text: swallows him instantly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CORNFIELD - ANOTHER-SECTION - DAY
text: Joseph is utterly terrified. He's moving quickly through the
text: corn, suitcase in hand, like someone who knows he's being
text: followed. He hears what sounds like giggling up in front of
text: him. He runs to the side but is stopped by DELIBERATE and
text: TAUNTING NOISES in that direction. The SOUNDS ARE GLEEFUL
text: and seem to be made by children. Joseph turns again and
text: again, but every-time is stopped. A circle is closing around
text: him. He is trapped, and covered with parts of corn plants.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE THUNDERBIRD - DAY
text: Vicky gets out of the car and walks towards the corn.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Burt? Are you alright?
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Say something. Anything. I'm all
dialog: ears.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Burt, that was supposed to be
dialog: funny.
text: The only answer is a SOFT, RUSTLING SOUND from the
text: impenetrable field. It's almost like a whisper, and it
text: spooks Vicky a little.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - BURT
text: is standing in the corn listening to that rustling. Something
text: touches his shoulder and he whips around. A CORNSTALK is
text: leaning on him. As he shoves it aside, A CORN LEAF pokes his
text: neck. Burt is starting to get agitated. He begins to RUN.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CORNFIELD - ANOTHER SECTION - DAY
text: Joseph is running also, but now with a sense of futility.
text: His direction changes constantly and his terror is even
text: greater than before. He trips over an ear of corn and falls
dialog: down.
dialog: 20.
text: Before he can get up, A HAND ENTERS THE FRAME and grabs him
text: by the shoulder. Joseph utters a squeak of fright, the sound
text: of a bird caught in a hunter's snare.
speaker_heading: CUT TO
scene_heading: EXT. CORNFIELD - ANOTHER SECTION - DAY
text: Burt is still running. The corn seems to be rustling all
text: around him, but that might be from the commotion he's making.
text: He shoves ears and stalks and leaves out of his way
scene_heading: frantically. SUDDENLY...
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Vicky crashes into him from the blind side. He grabs
text: violently in a reflex reaction.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Well, if this is how it affects
dialog: you, we’ll have to come here more
dialog: often!
text: Burt stares at her, catching his breath. He continues
text: clutching her shoulders.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Vicky!
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: You were expecting maybe Jaqueline
dialog: Bisset?
text: Burt wraps his arms around her. It is at once a gesture of
dialog: relief, friendship, protectiveness and sensuality.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: I knew you were kinky.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Let’s get out of here.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Why? Things are starting to get
dialog: interesting.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You alright?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I just got turned around a little.
dialog: But let’s go.
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: (reluctant)
dialog: Okay....
text: He starts to guide her straight ahead. She pushes him on an
dialog: angle.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: That way.
text: They exit the cornfield.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE THUNDERBIRD
text: Burt and Vicky emerge from the cornfield and get into the
text: car. Just before Burt ducks into the driver's side, he give
text: the corn a long, last look.
scene_heading: THE CORN - BURT'S POV
text: It is silent and still.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt gets in and the T-bird drives away.
speaker_heading: THE CORN
text: Begins to rustle quietly.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A CLEARING IN THE CORNFIELD - DAY
text: Joseph is flat on his back, panting and struggling, trying to
text: get away from Malachai, who has pinned him to the ground with
text: a knee and an arm. Others must be holding Joseph by the feet
text: from the way he's stretched out. Corn silk is plastered to
text: his neck and face, glued there by the sweat.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: A CIRCLE OF CHILDREN tightens around Joseph. They begin
text: humming in an eerie, atonal way. A HAND grips Joseph's hair
text: and jerks his head back. The boy's eyes widen, a look of
text: sheer terror coming over him. Malachai raises a cornhusker’s
text: knife over him. The humming increases in intensity.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
text: Safe within the car, Burt and Vicky have calmed down
dialog: considerably.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I don't know what came over me. I
dialog: never had claustrophobia before.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Maybe it was just cornophobia.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: It sure could’ve been that. I’m
dialog: even ready to get back on the
dialog: highway.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: I think it wasn’t too far on the
dialog: map.
scene_heading: EXT. THUNDERBIRD - DAY
text: CAMERA TRACKS the car as it slams past us from right to left.
text: It passes another old SIGN.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - SIGN
text: In the shape of an arrow and made of rotting wood. It reads:
speaker_heading: GATLIN
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CORNFIELD - DAY
text: Joseph is staggering TOWARDS THE CAMERA, which is PULLING
text: BACK, KEEPING PACE. His eyes are blank and bulging. His
text: hands are up to his throat and blood is flowing through his
text: fingers, bright and sparkling. The front of his shirt is
text: sodden with the red fluid. In effect, he's dead on his feet.
text: He's heading out of the cornfield although he doesn't know
text: it. Behind him we see a trail of twisted, broken corn plants
text: with blood splashed on them. In the far background is
text: Joseph's SUITCASE.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
text: Vicky is fishing through the glove compartment, looking for
text: the map. She has PAPERS, TISSUES, HAND-WIPES, A COMB, THE
text: CAR REGISTRATION, everything in her hand but the map.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Here it is.
text: She extracts it from a STUCKEY'S BAG on the floor. A WAD OF
text: DRIED KETCHUP stains the front.
dialog: 23.
text: She begins unfolding it across the dash. She studies Burt
text: with a knowing smile.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: I wonder how it got in there....?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CORNFIELD - DAY
text: Joseph, reeling like a drunk, comes to the edge of the
text: cornfield. He looks inhuman, like a macabre doll.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
text: Vicky and Burt are studying the map, which partially obscures
text: their view through the windshield. Vicky is pointing.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: You see? This way goes to Grand
dialog: Island, and this looks like it cuts
text: out towards the highway.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Where's this "Gatlin" we've been
dialog: seeing signs for?
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: I don't know. It's not on here.
text: Burt leans over closer.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: It has to be...
text: Something causes Vicky to look up.
speaker_heading: ANGLE — VICKY
text: Shock, then horror, registers on her face. She's speechless
dialog: for a beat.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY - VICKY'S POV
text: Joseph staggers out onto the road, directly into the path of
text: the onrushing car. His hands are still at his throat and his
text: knees are already buckling.
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
text: Vicky barely has time to scream.
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: VICKY
text: BURT!!! LOOK OUT!!!
text: Burt jerks his head up, sees the boy, hits the brakes and
text: goes into a swerve all in one motion.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: JESUS!!!
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: Everything happens extremely fast. Amidst the sound of
text: screeching tires and brakes, the T-bird begins to skid.
text: There's a loud THUMP as it strikes Joseph's body, which was
text: crumpling even before impact.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The car continues to skid and we can't see whether it
text: actually runs over the body or just hits it, but we can see
text: that it's in grave danger of overturning.
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
text: Burt is fighting the wheel. The tires are still screeching.
text: Vicky is one long, piercing scream. As the car comes toa
text: shuddering, quivering halt, she is thrown face first into the
text: windshield. Burt, wearing his seatbelt, goes forward and back
text: sharply. There's silence except for the sound of the idling
dialog: motor.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt moves quickly. He rips off his seatbelt and cradles
text: Vicky in his arms, examining the nasty bruise that has
text: already formed on her cheekbone.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Are you alright??? Can you feel my
dialog: hand???
text: Vicky hasn't really composed herself yet. She's whimpering
text: softly. Burt runs his hand over her face.
speaker_heading: BURT
text: There's a contusion and swelling.
dialog: It doesn't feel like anything’s
dialog: broken.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: That was an animal, right Burt?
dialog: Please tell me it was an animal.
dialog: 25.
text: Burt suddenly remembers the boy.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I've got to go back there. You
dialog: stay here and sit quietly. Don't
dialog: move.
scene_heading: ANGLE - REAR VIEW MIRROR - BURT'S POV
text: Burt knows it was no animal he hit. He stares at the heap
text: lying in the road about 100 feet back that is reflected in
text: the mirror. He prays silently for a sign of movement, but
dialog: there is none.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt gathers himself quickly and bolts from the car.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: Joseph's body lies face down, turned away from Burt, who
text: kneels beside it. He puts his hand to the boy's neck, feeling
text: for a pulse, and is confused when he withdraws his hand.
scene_heading: ANGLE - BURT'S HAND
text: It's covered with blood.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt turns the body over. It flops boneless, lifelessly, on
text: its back. The eyes are open and we can see very plainly that
text: Joseph's throat has been cut from ear to ear.
scene_heading: ANGLE - TWO SHOT
text: Burt grimaces and loses his breath for a beat. Then he
text: closes Joseph's eyes - a deeply tender gesture - and makes a
text: momentary calculation. Vicky's voice interrupts.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Is he....?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Oh yeah.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Vicky turns away suddenly and gags. Burt rushes to her.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Oh my God....
dialog: 26.
text: Burt comforts her and starts leading her back to the car.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Vick, there's something terribly
dialog: wrong here. I want you to get in
dialog: the car and wait for me, and keep
dialog: the doors locked no matter what.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Why? What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I'll tell you when I get back. Just
dialog: do what I say.
text: Vicky is alarmed, both by what he isn't telling her and what
dialog: he is.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: No! Where are you going???
text: They reach the car. Burt opens the door for her.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I have to get the body. And I want
dialog: to look at something.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Vicky! Please!
text: She debates for a beat, then slips into the car.
text: terribly shaken and pale.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt opens the trunk and rearranges
text: things to make room. He takes out a
text: BLANKET, then turns and looks back
text: at the body, and also takes out a
speaker_heading: TIRE IRON.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THROUGH THE CORN - MALACHAI'S POV
dialog: She is
text: Although we don't see who it is at first, someone watches as
text: Burt goes back to the body and gently covers it with the
dialog: blanket.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - BURT
text: Walks over to the mangled portion of the cornfield where
text: Joseph exited. He studies the twisted, broken and blood-
text: covered stalks. All of his senses are alert.
scene_heading: THE CORNFIELD - BURT'S POV
text: Deep in, he spots Joseph's suitcase.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt makes a decision. He checks the car, looks all around,
text: and finally, tentatively, walks into the corn-field.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - VICKY'S POV - INCLUDING VICKY
text: Vicky is in shock, resting dazedly in the front seat. Her
text: head is back against the headrest and her eyes are closed.
text: She's sobbing softly.
text: If her eyes were open, she would see Malachai emerge from the
text: corn about 50 feet ahead. She would see him pause, the bloody
text: cornhusker's knife still in his hand, and then approach the
text: car. She doesn't see this, BUT WE DO.
scene_heading: EXT. CORNFIELD - BURT - DAY
text: He is moving carefully, alertly, through this jungle. He
text: holds the tire iron ready and turns in every direction as he
text: moves forward. The suitcase is just up ahead in a clearing.
scene_heading: INT. CAR/EXT. ROAD - VICKY'S POV - INCLUDING VICKY
text: Vicky comes out of her stupor and looks through the
text: windshield. She sees Malachai standing in front of the car
text: with his malignant stare. VICKY SCREAMS and lunges for the
text: car horn. She pounds on it, frantically looking behind her
text: for any sign of Burt, then whips around to see that, Malachai
text: is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. CORNFIELD - BURT - DAY
text: He is kneeling by the suitcase. HE HEARS THE CAR HORN but
text: doesn't respond immediately; perhaps thinking she is just
text: getting impatient. The suitcase is in a clearing. There is
text: much blood here, still fresh. The suitcase is splattered with
text: it. Suddenly, the corn begins to rustle in that weird way
text: again. Burt looks up at the towering stalks. They seem to
text: be closing in on him.
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR - DAY
text: Vicky is unglued. She gets out of the car, near hysteria.
text: She begins to walk back towards the body.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Burt? Burt, where are you?
scene_heading: WIDE ANGLE - VICKY'S POV
text: There is no sign of Burt. No sign of Malachai either. In
dialog: fact there is no sign of anyone or anything other than that
text: endless, ubiquitous corn and the blanket covered body lying
text: stubbornly in the middle of the road.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Vicky approaches the body. She cups her hands to her mouth
text: and begins to cry. She is unable to take her eyes off of it
text: She kneels next to it.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: (to body)
dialog: You poor thing. You poor, dear boy.
text: And suddenly, violently, Joseph lurches up, causing the
text: blanket to fall away from his hideous, blood drenched body
text: and deathly white face. He reaches for Vicky's neck. She
text: screams and jumps back, continuing to scream and back peddle
dialog: until....
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Someone grabs her from behind and she whirls with a start,
text: finding herself face to face with Burt. She aborts another
text: scream when she sees who it is.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Vicky!
text: She stares at him, all the trauma beginning to be too much
text: for her. Burt realizes this. He puts down the suitcase and
text: shakes her.
speaker_heading: BURT
text: VICKY!! VICKY!!! Get a hold on
dialog: yourself!
text: She flings herself at him. Burt holds her closely.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Oh Burt! Where'd you go??? I
text: kneeled down next to...
dialog: 29.
text: She suddenly remembers and whips around.
scene_heading: JOSEPH'S BODY - BURT & VICKY'S POV
text: It remains how and where it has been. The blanket covers it
speaker_heading: TwO SHOT
text: Vicky looks at Burt again, genuine confusion in her eyes.
speaker_heading: VICKY
text: He sat up. He tried to grab me...
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (gentle, compassionate)
dialog: It's alright. Everything's going to
dialog: be alright. I'm here now.
text: But the look on his face tells us he isn't quite convinced
text: himself. He hands Vicky the suitcase.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Take this. Come on, we’1ll go back
dialog: to the car. I’ve got to get the
dialog: body.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Don’t go-leave him.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Vicky takes the suitcase. Burt goes to the body, securing the
text: blanket under it. They walk grimly to the car
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Vicky waits while Burt puts the body in the trunk along
text: with the tire iron, which he's had tucked into his belt.
text: Vicky hands him the suitcase in the front seat. He and Vicky
dialog: get in quickly.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: As the t-bird accelerates down the road, dwindling out of
text: sight, Malachai steps out of the cornfield. He stares after
dialog: the car.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - GATLIN - DAY
text: Establishing shot. An American Gothic, like many of the
text: houses in Gatlin. CAMERA ZOOMS IN SLOWLY to an open window.
text: We hear Job's VO NARRATION.
speaker_heading: JOB (VO)
dialog: Me and Sarah were playing. We
dialog: played lots. Malachai said it was
dialog: forbidden, but I think it was cuz
dialog: nobody liked to play with him
dialog: anyway.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: Job and Sarah are playing MONOPOLY. They're dressed to the
text: hilt in the clothes of some former adult residents. The
dialog: clothes are far too large and the garnishing far too
dialog: elaborate, which make them perfect for these two hams. Job is
text: swimming in a suit and tie outfit complete with hat, pipe and
text: a handkerchief in the pocket. He looks absolutely dashing.
text: Sarah is in a glittering gown, also a hat, jewelry and lots
text: of makeup. A small, battery-powered record player is grinding
text: out TONY BENNET’S “I LEFT MY HEART IN SAN FRANCISCO” next to
text: them. On the floor by Sarah is a piece of manila drawing
text: paper and a bunch of crayons. As they play.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: When I grow up I'm gonna have all
dialog: the money in the world.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: You can't.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: Cuz I'm gonna have it.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: I'll get it first.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: Will not.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Will too.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: Oh yeah? How?
text: Sarah PLACES A HOTEL ON BOARDWALK. Job's face registers
text: shock and dismay, but Sarah is well within her rights, He
text: picks up the dice and counts. A SEVEN will land him on the
text: dreaded Boardwalk. He jiggles the dice and throws them.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE DICE
dialog: A seven.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Sarah giggles deliriously while Job counts off the spaces
text: with his piece, THE COWBOY ON HORSEBACK. He purposely
text: miscounts and places his player on GO. Sarah catches him
text: immediately. She moves the piece back to its rightful place -
text: on Boardwalk.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Uh-uh, Job.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: How much is it?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Thirteen thousand, hundred dollars.
text: She puts out her hand for the payoff. Job gives her twenty
dialog: and some ones. Still, it's painful for him to have to pay
text: anything, least of all to her. He covers this up with a
text: child's ploy: diversion. He grabs the piece on Boardwalk.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: Let's pretend this is Isaac.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: He places the piece on the board four spaces from the GO TO
text: JAIL spot and throws the dice.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE DICE
dialog: They total 11.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Job quickly reaches down and changes the numbers so they come
text: out to 4. He and Sarah squeal with delight as Isaac is
text: trudged off to jail.
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: What if he gets a "Get Out Of Jail
dialog: Free" card?
text: Job quickly fans through the pile of CHANGE CARDS and
text: extracts all of the GET OUT OF JAIL FREE CARDS. He tosses
text: them over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: What cards?
text: They're laughing and giggling at this when their fun is
text: abruptly halted by a LOUD BANG.
scene_heading: ANGLE - JOB AND SARAH
text: They look towards the door at the same time. There is fear
text: in their expressions.
scene_heading: ANGLE - MALACHAI - THEIR POV
text: Malachai stands there glaring at them, having slammed the
text: butt end of his knife into the doorframe to get their
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
text: Aftershock. Burt is driving. Very fast. Vicky is still
text: reeling from the imagined (?) encounter with Joseph. She is
text: becoming hysterical again.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: ...and then he sat up and tried to
dialog: grab me and I could see...Oh
dialog: God...it looked like his throat had
dialog: been cut.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: You must have taken the blanket off
text: and looked at him.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: I didn’t! Why are you insisting
dialog: that???
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Vicky, you must have. Otherwise how
dialog: could you know? When I got there
text: the blanket was covering him.
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: How could I know what?
text: Burt realizes he’s given something away, and now he has to
text: tell her what happened. He doesn’t know how to say it.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Uh... Umm... About his throat.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: What do you mean? What are you
dialog: saying?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: How could you know that his throat
dialog: was cut unless you lifted the
dialog: blanket and looked?
dialog: He’s beginning to wonder that himself. Could Joseph have
dialog: risen up the way she described? It’s too farfetched for Burt,
text: but it chills him. Vicky is horrified.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Then it’s true! He did...
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Don’t do it, Vicky. Don’t even
dialog: think it. You’ve had a traumatic
dialog: experience. You’re in shock. Now
dialog: you’ve got to get a grip on
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: (ignoring him)
dialog: But how could getting hit by a
dialog: car...?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: It didn’t.
text: He looks at her grimly, allowing her to figure out for
dialog: herself just how the boy died.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE
text: It is very dark. Light filters in only through partially
text: drawn curtains. The furnishings are sparse, austere, but of
dialog: good quality. There are religious artifacts all about, most
text: of a conspicuously pagan nature; knives, scythes, symbols
text: hewn from corn plants, crosses; and in the middle of all this
dialog: sits Isaac.
dialog: 34.
text: He is less frightening now in this quietude, almost
text: scholarly. He is writing something by the light of a single
text: shaft of sun that penetrates the room. One gets the feeling
dialog: Isaac is a holy man.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Malachai enters with Job and Sarah, still dressed in their
text: comical outfits. Isaac's and Malachai's clothes are in stark
text: contrast - the simple, black cloth we've seen before.
text: Malachai salutes his leader with a touch of the knife to his
text: forehead. It is a pagan, barbarian gesture.
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: I found these two in one of the old
dialog: houses. They had a game, and
dialog: music, and this....
text: He hands THE SHEET OF MANILA PAPER that was next to Sarah
dialog: over to Isaac.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE DRAWING - ISAAC'S POV
text: Not a bad likeness of the thunderbird. Burt and Vicky,
text: unmistakable, are standing next to it.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Isaac stares at the picture for what seems like a long time.
text: Meditatively. Reflecting.
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: They came already.
text: He looks at Sarah with a hint of warmth.
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: You have the gift of sight, child.
dialog: This is a blessing.
text: Sarah doesn't reply. She and Job are scared out of their
dialog: wits.
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: I have seen this car upon the road.
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: Go to the old man. Make sure he
text: tells them nothing.
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: What about these two?
dialog: 35.
text: Sarah and Job stand absolutely rigid at attention. Maybe if
dialog: they don't catch anybody's eyes their worst fears won't be
text: fulfilled. Isaac decides their fate.
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Take them back where they were.
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: But they had music! And a game!
dialog: These things are forbidden!
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: Question me not, Malachai. I act
dialog: according to his will.
text: Malachai withers under the reproach. He bows his head
text: reverently, touches the deadly blade to it, and then turns on
text: Job and Sarah with that killing gaze.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
text: Burt and Vicky are trying to make some sense of it all.
text: Joseph's suitcase is on the seat between them.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: But why? Why would anybody do that
dialog: to a...a kid?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: He wasn’t that young. About 18 I'd
dialog: say.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Could it have been an accident?
dialog: Some kind of farm machine, maybe?
speaker_heading: BURT
text: Not a wound like that. His throat
dialog: was cut ear to ear. That was
dialog: deliberate. He was already dead
dialog: when I...when he stumbled into the
dialog: road.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Whoever killed him...do you think
dialog: he saw us?
text: Burt doesn't answer.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: I felt like we were being watched.
speaker_heading: BURT
text: Possibly. Blood starts to
dialog: coagulate in four minutes, and the
dialog: blood on the corn, even on the
dialog: suitcase, was still fresh by the
dialog: time I got to it.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Then the murderer might have been
dialog: in there when you...Didn't you
dialog: realize???
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I couldn't leave it there.
dialog: Besides, I thought it might hold
text: some clue.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Let's open it.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: No. Let's just get to a phone. Ora
dialog: house. Or something for God's
text: sakes. Even a trucker with a CB.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Funny how we haven't seen another
dialog: car or truck.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: We should be hitting this place
dialog: Gatlin pretty soon.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: I wonder if he lived there.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: We may never know.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: I'd like to know. I think we have a
dialog: right to know. In fact, maybe we
dialog: ought to.
text: Burt looks down at the suitcase.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I guess it won't hurt to look.
dialog: 37.
text: Vicky immediately turns it around so that the locks are
text: facing her. She reacts to all the blood.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Yech
text: Burt reaches for the radio.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Maybe we can get some news.
text: He hits the button just as Vicky gets the latches unlatched
text: and starts to open the suitcase. Suddenly:
speaker_heading: RADIO PREACHER (VO)
dialog: ATONEMENT! ! !
text: Burt and Vicky both jump. The lid of the suitcase drops
dialog: shut.
speaker_heading: RADIO PREACHER (VO)
text: Only by the blood of the lamb are
dialog: we saved I Only by His watchful eye
dialog: are we kept from the sins of the
dialog: world!
text: Burt turns the radio off with a punch. He shouts to the air.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I have enough of this shit.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: (echoing)
dialog: And does it get into the corn?
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROAD - DAY
text: The car. The corn, and another sign.
scene_heading: ANGLE - SIGN GATLIN 3 MILES
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
text: Vicky fishes through the suitcase, reaching underneath the
text: top layer of CLOTHES. She finds something, and recoils in
dialog: fright.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Oh my God!
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: What is it?
dialog: 38.
text: She extracts and holds up for him to see A CORNCOB CRUCIFIX.
text: THE CHRIST FIGURE is done in raised relief, the kernels
text: around it having been picked out. The cob has been cut in
text: half lengthwise and notched at the top into a cross. It's a
dialog: monstrous corruption.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Jesus!
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Not in my book.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: That's an authentic American
dialog: Primitive.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: I think it's repulsive.
text: Burt's eye catches something up ahead.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Hallelujah.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - BURT'S POV - DAY
text: A VERY OLD MOBIL STATION, attested by the fact that the sign
text: out front bears the ancient RED PEGASUS LOGO and accompanying
text: FLYING A. There are two ANTIQUATED PUMPS on the island and
text: a THIRD PUMP near the station house for DIESEL.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The t-bird turns into the station just in front of where the
text: main road veers off to the right and a SECONDARY ROAD juts
text: off to the left. The secondary road is rutted and only two
dialog: lanes so that cars going opposite ways would have to creep
text: past each other.
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
text: Burt drives over to where CHESTER DIEHL is working on a 63
scene_heading: CHEVY PICK-UP.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (the crucifix)
dialog: Better put that away. No need to
dialog: involve this guy.
text: Vicky nods gravely in agreement. Burt touches her cheek
dialog: gently.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Everything'11 be alright
text: The look in her eyes wants to believe him, and almost does.
text: Burt exits the car.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - DAY
text: Chester withdraws from the bowels of the pick-up. He's in his
text: late 60's, slow-moving and looks like an old prospector. His
text: bib overalls are stained with grease and his eyes are
text: magnified tremendously by his thick glasses. He walks
text: towards Burt. So does SARGE, an old HOUND DOG who barks a
text: friendly greeting and jumps up on Burt. The dog's tail is
text: wagging.
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: At ease, Sarge. Maybe he don't want
dialog: no beer.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Sarge's collar has a cold can of OLD MILWAUKEE BEER attached
text: to it where a Saint Bernard would have a keg. The dog backs
text: off at Diehl's command. Burt pets him.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Next time, Sarge...
dialog: (to Diehl)
dialog: What I really need is...
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Don't got no gas.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Oh. No, I...
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: Don't got no diesel neither. Tanks
dialog: are dry. Expectin' the truck any
dialog: day now.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: That's alright. I just wanted to...
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: Don't buy no gas, can't use the
dialog: restrooms.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Telephone! I just want to use the
dialog: phone I...
dialog: 40.
text: Diehl starts to reply but Burt knows what's coming and beats
dialog: him to it.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Don't got no phone.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt looks to Vicky. Burt sighs heavily. Diehl takes a
text: closer look at the stranger. Diehl squeals at Burt.
scene_heading: ANGLE - BURT - DIEHL'S POV
text: He sees the flecks of dried blood on Burt's hands and
dialog: clothes.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - THE CORN
text: Cornfields surround the gas station. The stalks begin to
text: rustle and sway, as if a wind or force were in them. This
text: force is threatening and immensely powerful.
scene_heading: ANGLE - GAS STATION
text: Sarge picks up on this "presence." His ears prick up and he
text: growls deeply. This signals a change in Chester Diehl. He
text: studies the dog for a moment, then seems to be anxious about
text: something although Burt can't quite figure out what. Maybe
text: it's just that he starts to move faster. He gives Burt a
text: cover-up smile.
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: Sarge, you be still now. In fact,
dialog: why don't you go give that nice
dialog: lady a Coke.
text: Reluctant and whining, Sarge trots back towards the station
text: house. Diehl turns his attention to Burt. He points to the
text: fork in the road.
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: What you wanna do is go to
dialog: Hemingford, Mister. About 19 miles
dialog: down the right fork here. Can’t
dialog: miss it.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: What about Gatlin?
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: Ain't nothin’ in Gatlin...
dialog: (mutters)
dialog: Nothin' for you.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: DIEHL(cont'd)
dialog: (normal)
dialog: You'll find everything you need in
dialog: Hemingford.
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
text: Vicky is watching the men. Sarge POPS UP by her window,
text: scaring the breath out of her. He is slobbering over a can of
text: COKE that he holds in his mouth. He drops it in her lap. She
text: pats him on the head.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Thanks, fella.
scene_heading: EXT. CORNFIELD - DAY
text: Whatever the hell is moving the corn around like that seems
text: to be getting closer to the station. The sky seems to darken
text: and an eerie wind picks up.
scene_heading: ANGLE - FAVORING SARGE
text: He still has his paws up on the car but is sniffing the air
text: wildly. He barks loudly, again giving Vicky a bit of a
text: fright, and clambers out towards the corn-field.
scene_heading: ANGLE - BURT & DIEHL
text: Diehl is definitely worried about something, and not only
text: Sarge, on whom he's keeping a close watch.
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: Sarge, You stay right here!
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: What do you mean 'nothing for you
dialog: in Gatlin?
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: Well, folks in Gatlin got religion.
dialog: They don't cotton to outsiders and
dialog: you probably won't find a phone.
text: He looks around Burt towards Sarge, who is whining and
text: sniffing at the edge of the cornfield. Burt turns also.
scene_heading: ANGLE - BURT & DIEHL' S POV
text: The corn in front of Sarge is waving vigorously in the
dialog: "wind."
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: TWO SHOT
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: Mister, I'd sure like to stay here
dialog: and shoot the breeze with ya, talk
dialog: about politics and farm futures,
dialog: but right now I got work to do. You
dialog: get on that right fork over there
dialog: and you'll be in Hemingford in no
dialog: time.
dialog: (sudden, vehement )
dialog: Sarge! I said AT EASE!
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Well thanks a lot. You've been a
dialog: real help.
text: Diehl watches as he gets back into the t-bird.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Diehl is standing in front of the car, torn between
text: apologizing to Burt and wanting to get back to Sarge.
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: Hey, you got a busted headlight,
dialog: Mister. Looks like some blood on
dialog: it.
text: Burt leans out the window. Diehl is increasingly nervous.
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: You have some kinda oxidant or
dialog: somethin’?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Why? You have time to fix it for
dialog: me?
text: He's letting the old man know that he knows something is
dialog: wrong here.
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: No, but you can get it fixed.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: In Hemingford.
text: Diehl nods affirmative with smile, then looks for Sarge.
text: What he sees alarms him. He goes running towards the dog.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: Sarge!
scene_heading: INT. THE CAR
text: Burt pulls out of the station just a bit too fast. Something
text: about Diehl has agitated him.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Either that guy was terrified of
dialog: something, or he's been out in the
dialog: sun too long.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CAR - DAY
text: The t-bird drives up to the fork in the road, pauses
text: momentarily, then takes the right fork towards Heming-ford.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - DAY
text: Sarge, barking feverishly, runs into the cornfield. Diehl
text: arrives at the edge of the corn just a moment too late. He
text: dares not follow even his beloved dog.
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: (angst)
dialog: Sarge! Sarge...
scene_heading: EXT. THE CAR - DAY
text: It whips past a sign for GATLIN - 2 MILES.
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
text: Vicky has begun taking things out of the suitcase and folding
text: them neatly on the seat.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: There's nothing much in here. Just
dialog: kid's stuff. Clothes, a compass, a
text: pocket knife, matches and an apple.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Smart kid. He must've figured he
dialog: might have to sleep out a night or
dialog: two.
text: Vicky holds up a COLLEGE T-SHIRT with the NEBRASKA
text: CORNHUSKERS and number 19 emblazoned on front. The thought
text: of it makes her start crying again.
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Oh, Burt...Look, maybe he was
dialog: hoping to go to the university...
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Might have been...
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Why. ..Why?
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: The t-bird screeches to a halt as it COMES INTO FRAME. It
text: BACKS UP TOWARDS THE CAMERA. From this angle, we can see a
text: WHITE SIGNPOST with GATLIN ROAD marked in BLACK LETTERS. It
text: stands at the corner of A TINY, ONE LANE ROAD that is not
text: easily seen.
scene_heading: INT. THUNDERBIRD
text: Burt and Vicky consider the road through the windshield.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: This has to go to Gatlin. Every
dialog: sign we've seen has been for Gatlin
dialog: and none for Hemingford. We can't
text: be more than a mile away.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: What about what the gas station guy
dialog: said?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: That crazy old coot. I can't
dialog: believe there isn't a public phone
dialog: in an entire town, I don't care how
dialog: small it is.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Well, let's just do whatever's
dialog: fastest.
text: Burt drives forward and turns left onto Gatlin Road. It's
text: EXTREMELY NARROW, even more claustrophobic than the one they
dialog: were just on.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - DAY
text: Chester is still calling to Sarge, but, there's neither sight
text: nor sound of the dog. Diehl's call has become a lament.
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: Ah, Sarge...Why'd ya hafta go after
dialog: ‘em...
text: The only reply is the rustling of the corn.
scene_heading: ANGLE - FAVORING PICK-UP TRUCK
text: THE HAND OF A CHILD pulls a cross-shaped lug wrench out of
text: the back of the truck Diehl was working on when Burt and
text: Vicky first drove up. The hand clangs the wrench against the
text: side of the truck.
scene_heading: ANGLE - FAVORING DIEHL
text: He whips around, knowing he's heard something, but not seeing
text: any sign of what it was. He looks back to the corn, as if to
text: call Sarge one last time, but is too bothered by the noise
text: he's just heard. Instead, he takes a few tentative steps
text: towards the pick-up.
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: (fearful)
dialog: Izzat you...Izzat you? What da -
dialog: What are you doin’ in there?
text: The answer he gets is ANOTHER NOISE, this time coming from
text: his office. He turns and faces that way, craning his neck to
text: see. His breath is quick. In a word, he's terrified. He
text: takes a few steps towards the office.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The corn all around the station is beginning to rustle even
text: more furiously than it had been.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - DIEHL
text: He approaches the office. Another few feet to go.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - THE CORN
text: Still moving, weird and ominous.
speaker_heading: ANGLE- DIEHL
text: Chester reaches for the office door. His hand is shaking.
text: Just as it swings open we....
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: INT. CAR/EXT. FIELD - BURT & VICKY'S POV - DAY
text: The car comes to the top of a rise and Burt and Vicky are
text: treated to a panorama of..MORE CORN. Burt puts on the brakes.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Something's wrong. That last sign
dialog: said Gatlin was one mile.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: That sign was damaged in the last
dialog: ice age.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: It's got to be around here some-
dialog: where.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: (spooked)
dialog: Why don't we just go back and take
dialog: the road to Hemingford?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Because it's silly to go nineteen
dialog: miles when you only need to go one.
dialog: It's worse than silly. It's
dialog: suspicious.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: When you have a body in the
dialog: trunk....
speaker_heading: BURT
text: And a broken headlight with blood
text: on it.
text: He proceeds on. 50 yards ahead is another left turn.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Okay, let's try this one.
text: He turns onto yet a smaller road. They are going deeper and
text: deeper into the corn.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - GAS STATION
text: Chester Diehl breathes a sigh of relief. He's standing
text: inside the door to his office and mercifully, he's alone.
text: There's nothing but the usual mess.
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: Musta been the wind.
text: And just as he says this there's a loud CRASH!
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: Oh Lordy! Please be the wind!
text: He exits the office, again taking those short, frightened,
dialog: tentative steps.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - DAY
text: He walks over to the pick-up. He's whimpering softly,
text: talking to himself, trying to keep his nerve.
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: "Course it's the wind. Them hood
dialog: latches ain't worth a damn. Blow
text: over in a bad fart...
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: He reaches the truck and starts fighting the hood, which is
text: stuck. Suddenly, the HUMMING we have heard before - pagan
text: atonal and eerie - breaks the silence. Chester jerks around
text: but sees nothing. HE WALKS TOWARDS THE CAMERA.
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: Who is it? Who's there? I didn't
dialog: tell them anything! I swear it! I
dialog: kept our bargain, just like
dialog: always! !
text: But the humming has stopped and no one appears. Diehl waits.
text: Nothing happens. By and by, he figures maybe this too was the
text: wind. Now he goes back to the truck
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: He lifts the hood with a mighty heave. As it opens, it
text: reveals something that makes Chester Diehl scream.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE ENGINE - DIEHL'S POV
text: Sarge's head, cut off at a bloody stump of a neck, is resting
text: squarely on the engine. The eyes have rolled backwards and
text: up and the beer can from his neck ring has been stuffed in
text: his mouth, giving the decapitated beast a comically macabre
text: look. There's blood all over the engine.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
dialog: 48.
text: It takes Chester a moment to stop screaming. The shock has
text: caused him to stumble back, away from the truck. After a few
text: steps, he staggers around in circles, looking on every side
text: for danger. He continues to move back until he comes to the
text: garage bay door.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: He's standing next to the door, looking around wildly, when
text: he spots a long handled WRENCH. He picks it up protectively
text: and waits. Nothing happens for a beat. Then, the bay door
text: clatters up behind him and Chester whirls around, the wrench
text: raised over his head. He stares into the darkness.
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: You bastards I You killed my Sarge!
dialog: I'll get you for what you done to
dialog: him!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: The t-bird bounces along the tiny road. The corn seems to be
text: moving in on it; two giant, green walls about to crush a
text: darting insect.
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
text: Both Burt and Vicky are nervous now, spooked and disoriented.
text: Both speak with a frantic edge in their voices.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: This isn't the way! I'm telling
dialog: you!
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: It's got to be! We made a left and
dialog: a left!
text: They drive on further. Burt is intense, speaking to calm
dialog: himself as well as Vicky.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: These roads are straight. No
dialog: curves. If anything, this one has
dialog: to let us out by the station.
text: Vicky doesn't answer.
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: They come to a wall of corn where the road ends in a
text: perpendicular T. Burt squeals the brakes and he and Vicky
text: hear things toppling in the trunk.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: It was just my golf bag.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: What do you mean 'Am I sure?! Of
dialog: course I'm sure!
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: I mean about the boy. Are you sure
dialog: he was dead?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Vicky!
text: He looks at the road in front, then behind them, trying to go
text: gauge their direction. He decides to go left again.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CAR - DAY
text: We can tell from the way the tires screech that Burt is a man
text: who is quickly losing control. The car fish-tails into the
dialog: turn.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE BAY
text: A battle is going on, more like a kill with a pack of wild
text: animals taunting their surrounded prey before they move in.
text: The garage bay is fairly large, strewn with old tires, boxes,
text: oil cans, rags, hoses and various other instruments and
text: acquisitions of the trade. In the center shiny red 1960
text: MERCURY SEDAN sits over the single LIFT.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Chester Diehl is the surrounded animal and he isn't going
text: down without a fight.
dialog: 50.
text: He is flailing wildly with 'his long handled wrench, trying
text: to hit the black clad children who dart in and out of his
text: reach. They are all armed with farm tools. They are led by
text: Malachai. Diehl focuses on him.
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: You murderin' little devil. I done
dialog: everything you said. I never told
dialog: anyone. Not once in three years.
text: He swings the wrench clumsily. Malachai steps sprightly out
dialog: of the way. He can kill Diehl any time he wants.
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: (contemptuous)
dialog: Call yourself the Lord's Children.
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: We do his bidding, from shine to
dialog: shadow.
speaker_heading: DIEHL
dialog: The devil’s!
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: He Who Walks Behind The Rows!
text: Diehl swings again, this time causing himself to trip and
text: stumble forward. Malachai kicks him backwards into a GROUP of
text: his accomplices. They begin to beat and hack at the old man.
text: He scatters them with the wrench.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - DAY
text: The t-bird is chewing up road, barreling along at close to
text: sixty. We get a sense from this shot of desperation, as if
text: the vehicle itself were frightened. It rips over bumps, turns
dialog: and dips.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - THE CAR
text: It is strewn with corn silk and leaves, which cling despite
text: the air drag.
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
text: Burt and Vicky are silent. They come to another T. Burt hits
text: the brakes, suddenly coming to the realization that the corn
text: is his adversary.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: (losing it)
dialog: Oh God! We're never going to get
dialog: out of here!
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Stop it, Vicky! We will too!
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Then tell me where we are!
text: He answers with another left turn.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Right back where we started.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: They've turned onto a bigger road, one that looks vaguely
dialog: familiar.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: I think you're right! This looks
dialog: like the first one we were on.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I told you.
text: They continue along, picking up speed.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CAR - HEAD ON SHOT - DAY
text: The t-bird comes hurtling TOWARDS THE CAMERA. As it fills
text: the frame, it slows to a. halt. Burt and Vicky sit
text: motionless, staring in disbelief at something that is BEHIND
speaker_heading: THE CAMERA.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The car doors open on both sides. Burt and Vicky get out and
text: move towards something OFF SCREEN. Their expressions show
text: bewilderment and revulsion.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE CORNFIELD - BURT & VICKY'S POV - DAY
text: In front of the car, we see the SWERVE MARKS where the car
dialog: tried to avoid Joseph. This is definitely the spot, The corn
text: from where he was murdered out to the road, is now an oozing,
text: blackened version of its former self. Where it was green and
text: strong (and bloody), it is now rotting and wilted. It has
text: not been burned. Rather, it has become diseased and decayed
text: in this short period of time. This area has become a cancer
text: on the other-wise healthy, green landscape.
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: BURT AND VICKY
text: stare at it, comprehending only on a subliminal level.
text: Vicky.is cringing, beyond words. Burt steps forward. He
text: looks at Vicky.
scene_heading: ANGLE - VICKY - BURT'S POV
text: Her eyes have the look of a crippled gazelle that knows it's
text: being pursued by lions. She has somehow read her own death
dialog: sentence in this.
speaker_heading: TWO SHOT
text: Burt walks over to her. He has found a reservoir of strength
text: in all this horror. He rejects Vicky's obvious fatalism.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: We're going back to that gas
dialog: station. I want some answers, and I
dialog: think that old man as them. We’re
dialog: driving in circles. Let’s go back.
text: Vicky gazes at him blankly; a frightened, hopeless look about
dialog: her.
scene_heading: EXT. GAS STATION - DAY
text: The car pulls into the station. A quiet kind of danger
text: pervades the place.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt gets out of the car resolutely but stays near it for
text: safety. He scans all around. There's no sign of Chester,
dialog: Sarge, or anyone else.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Hey! Old Timer!
text: Nothing. He reaches in through the window and hits the horn.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I want to speak to you!
text: Still no reply, unless the very loud silence counts.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (to Vicky)
dialog: He's got to be around here some-
dialog: where.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt walks over to the pick-up. He looks inside the cab
text: then notices the hood is ajar, mostly down but with six
text: inches of gap. Reflexively, he goes to lift it but before he
dialog: does...
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Vicky gets out of the car and calls to him.
speaker_heading: VICKY
text: Maybe he's inside, in the bathroom
dialog: or something.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt forgets the hood (and under it, Sarge's head) and walks
text: around the side of the station to the door marked MEN. He
text: knocks on it.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Hello? Anybody in there?
text: Nothing. He tries the handle but it's locked. He walks back
text: towards the front office. Vicky meets him.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: How about you wait in the car.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Not on your life.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Alright. But stay behind me. And
dialog: keep your eyes open.
text: They head for the office, Burt leading the way.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE
text: Burt and Vicky enter the office. It is exactly as it was when
text: we saw Diehl in p.t except for one, glaring incongruity.
text: THERE IS CORN EVERYWHERE. Ears, leaves, stalks and silk}
text: piled on the desk, stuffed in the water cooler, heaped in the
text: garbage pail, etc. It is macabre, eerie. Vicky gasps; Burt
dialog: tightens.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt puts his face up to the glass window on the door that
text: separates the office from the garage bay.
dialog: 54.
text: The bay is dark inside, and Burt had to wipe the dirt off the
text: window to see what little he can do.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE BAY - OFFICE DOOR - CAMERA’S POV
text: The door between the bay and the office opens and, after a
text: brief hesitation, Burt and Vicky enter the dim room. It is
text: illuminated from light coming from the outside and the
text: office, but shadows fall everywhere.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt AND Vicky enter cautiously, making as little noise as
text: possible. They look around. The place is a mess, having
text: been torn apart during Diehl’s struggle wit the Children.
text: Only THE MERCURY remains untouched, an island of stability
text: amidst the destruction. Burt and Vicky move towards it.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Vicky’s elbow hits a HUBCAP on a WORKBENCH. It falls to the
text: floor with a loud CLATTER! She and Burt jump simultaneously,
text: stifling their alarm the instant they realize what it is.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The reach the Mercury. Burt peers inside.
scene_heading: INT. MERCURY - BURT’S POV
text: Nothing. A nice red interior, an empty pack of Camels and a
text: loaded ashtray, but no bodies, bogeymen or Chester Diehl.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Vicky taps him on the shoulder. She points to a corn leaf
text: protruding on a funny angle from the underneath the car.
text: Burt kneels down and looks under the car. It is piled with
text: corn, which he tries to pull out but can’t.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt gets up the dust off his pants. Vicky looks at him
text: quizzically. He doesn’t say anything, instead goes over to
text: the LIFT CONTROL and pushes down the lever.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The Merc begins to float upwards as the hydraulic machine
text: hums.
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE PIT
text: The rising lift reveals THE BODY OF CHESTER DIEHL, bludgeoned
text: and bloody, lying dead in the pit. His body is festooned
text: with corn plants and his arm, which is bent grotesquely away
text: at an unnatural angle, holds aloft a hand that clutches
text: another of the CORNCOB CRUCIFIXES. Vicky screams. Burt
text: swoons.
scene_heading: JOB’S VOICE OVER NARRATION COMPLETES THIS SCENE
speaker_heading: JOB (VO)
dialog: I think his name was Mr. Diehl, but
dialog: once I heard Malachai say it was
dialog: Judas.
scene_heading: CRASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE ROAD - FAVORING SCREECHING TIRES - DAY
text: The tries belong to the thunderbird, and it is getting as far
text: and as fast away from that gas station as is possible. The
text: rubber cries out for traction as the rpm’s exceed their
text: ability to grip the asphalt. As a result, they protest with
text: blue smoke.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The car starts to follow the right fork again but suddenly
text: jumps the triangular dirt divider and shoots onto the rutted,
text: secondary road. Towards Gatlin.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A CLEARING IN THE CORN - DAY
text: The arm of someone living is holding up a corncob crucifix.
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK and WE FIND OURSELVES at another religious
text: gathering. There are about 50 BOYS AND GIRLS between the
text: ages of 8 and 18, along with SEVERAL NEWBORN INFANTS.
text: Everyone is dressed in black or gray except Isaac, who is the
text: one holding aloft the crucifix. The group is humming that
dialog: bizarre chant we’ve now come to associate with them.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Isaac is facing the others, about to lead a sermon. Behind
text: him is the wooden base of what we will later see is a LARGE
text: CRUCIFIX. Isaac lowers his hand abruptly and the humming
text: cuts off.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: Behold! A dream did come to me in
dialog: the night and the Lord did shew all
dialog: this to met
speaker_heading: GROUP
dialog: Praise God. Praise the Lord.
speaker_heading: ISAAC
text: A time of tribulation has come. A
text: test is at hand. The Final Test.
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: What has the Lord commanded.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Isaac turns and looks up at the crucifix that towers behind
text: him. CAMERA PANS UP, following his gaze, and we see the
text: decaying body of a CRUCIFIED MAN on it. A few tattered BLUE
text: RAGS of clothing hang off of it, and on the skeletal head is
text: a BLUE POLICE CHIEF hat. Most of the skin has been picked
text: clean by crows, but the eyes are left, bulging and sightless.
text: The body has been festooned with dried corn leaves and corn
text: husks are piled around its feet like an offering.
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: In the dream, the Lord did come to
dialog: me, and He was a shape. It was He
dialog: Who Walks Behind the Rows, and I
dialog: did fall on my knees in terror and
dialog: hide my eyes lest the fierceness of
dialog: His face strike me dead. And He
dialog: told me all that has since
dialog: happened. He said, ‘Joseph has
dialog: taken his things and fled this
dialog: happy place because the worship of
dialog: me is no more upon him. So take
dialog: you his life, and spill his blood,
dialog: but let not his flesh pollute the
text: corn. Cast him instead upon the
dialog: road.'
speaker_heading: GROUP
dialog: Yea, and so it was done. Joseph
dialog: the Unbeliever was cast upon the
dialog: road
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: CAMERA PANS THE FACES of the group as they speak. They are
text: robots. Unquestioning. Fundamentalist. Future Moral
text: Majoritarians. They listen raptly to their Ayatollah.
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: And He Who Walks Behind The Rows
dialog: did say, 'I will send outlanders
dialog: amongst you, a man and a woman, and
dialog: these outlanders will be un-
dialog: believers and profaners of the
dialog: Holy, and the man shall sorely test
dialog: you, for he has great power, even
text: greater than The Blue Man.
text: CAMERA PICKS UP The Blue Man on the crucifix, with its
text: grotesquely jaunty cap. All eyes have turned to it. CAMERA
text: ZOOMS IN to its face as the ceremony continues.
speaker_heading: GROUP (VO)
dialog: The Blue Man. . .Yes. . .The Blue
dialog: Man.
speaker_heading: ISAAC (VO)
dialog: And we shall not fail Him, for He
dialog: is the true God, the only God, and
text: His message has been planted within
dialog: us as the corn seed is put into the
dialog: ground.
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Make sacrifice unto Him. Bring Him
dialog: the blood of the Unbelievers 1
text: Malachai jumps to his feet and shouts in a killing fervor.
speaker_heading: MALACHAT (VO)
dialog: Make sacrifice!
text: The group, stirred by this, rises to its feet also.
speaker_heading: GROUP (VO)
dialog: Make sacrifice! Yes!
text: They start their chanting again.
text: The CAMERA is by now on a CLOSE-UP of The Blue Man's face.
text: It FILLS THE SCREEN, those bulging eyes staring out at us.
text: The humming grows in intensity.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH - GATLIN - DAY
text: Job and Sarah are sitting on the dusty porch of the house
text: where we first saw them (inside). They're still dressed in
text: their costumes. They look like caricatures of two
text: anachronistic, broken down aristocrats.
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Now what do we do?
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: I wanna get out of here.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: Like Joseph.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: Why not? If he can do it, so can
dialog: we.
text: Sarah leafs through a pile of manila paper she has next to
text: her. She extracts one and hands it to Job.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE DRAWING - JOB'S POV
text: It shows us, in Sarah's innocent style, what we DID NOT see
text: happening to Joseph - Malachai (in stick figure) pulling an
text: oversized knife across the helpless boy's throat. A number of
text: other children watch gleefully. There is blood everywhere,
text: spewing out into the corn.
scene_heading: ANGLE - TWO SHOT
text: Job starts to whimper.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: I don't like Malachai. I want my
dialog: mommy and daddy!
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: They're gone, Jobie. They're in
dialog: the corn.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: It's not fair! I wish Isaac never
dialog: came here!
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (resigned)
dialog: He's always been here. Just like He
dialog: Who Walks Behind The Rows.
dialog: 59.
text: They sit there on the edge of the porch, legs dangling over
text: the side, Job pouting and Sarah contemplating.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. A ROAD SIGN - DAY
text: Another old and weather-beaten sign. It reads: YOU ARE NOW
scene_heading: ENTERING GATLIN, NICEST LITTLE TOWN IN NEBRASKA POPULATION
dialog: 968.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to show the highway and the corn. The t-
text: bird ENTERS THE FRAME and we follow it down the road. We see
text: A BARN rising above the edge of the corn-field in the near
text: distance. Written on it in large, white letters is the
scene_heading: legend: ONLY JESUS SAVES
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
text: Vicky is leaning against the door staring out the window.
text: She looks haggard and beaten.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: We should’ve come this way the
dialog: first time.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Would it have saved that old man?
text: Burt looks at her, surprised by the question and concerned by
dialog: the tone.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I don’t know. Hopefully the police
dialog: will be able to figure that out.
text: They drove for a moment. Vicky begins to giggle. Burt looks
text: at her with even more concern. The giggle is a stream that
text: turns into a river. She presses her hand to her mouth,
text: trying to suppress a hysterical laughter, a laughter of
dialog: catharsis and relief.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: What are you laughing at?
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Did you see those signs? The ones
dialog: on the side of the road?
text: Gales of laughter now.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: There! There are some more. Slow
dialog: down.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SIGNS - BURT & VICKY'S POV - DAY
text: They border the right side of the road. There's a single
text: word stenciled on each wooden "board. The entire set reads:
scene_heading: A/CLOUD/BY/DAY/A/PILLAR/OF/FIRE/BY/NIGHT
scene_heading: INT. THUNDERBIRD
text: Vicky's laughter is subsiding, but slowly. She's had a much
dialog: needed belly laugh. Burt doesn't really think it's funny, but
text: he's glad Vicky does.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: (wiping tears)
dialog: They only forgot one thing.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: "Burma Shave."
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Honey, are you sure you're alright?
text: She finally stops laughing, but dabs her eyes with a tissue.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: I will be. Just as soon as we're a
dialog: thousand miles from here in sunny,
dialog: sinful California with the Rocky
dialog: Mountains between us and all this.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Look, here are some more.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SIGNS - DAY
scene_heading: AND/HIS/NAME/SHALL/BE/IN/THEIR/ FOREHEADS
speaker_heading: ANGLE - THE CAR
text: Breasting a hill. Gatlin appears in the distance.
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
text: As Vicky and Burt get their first glimpse of the town.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Looks like a swingin' place.
dialog: 61.
scene_heading: EXT. GiATLIN - BURT & VICKY'S POV - DAY
text: We get our first full glimpse of the town. It's in a dip at
text: the bottom of a hill. There's ONE MAIN STREET, a few cross
text: streets, A PARK in the center and a few dusty elms. Just a
text: sleepy little town dozing in the summer sun.
scene_heading: INT. THUNDERBIRD
text: Burt and Vicky are checking out the town. There's a quiet,
text: tense apprehension about it that they share.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Looks like The Twilight Zone.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TOWN - INCLUDING T-BIRD - DAY
text: The car is cruising at a moderate speed. It passes a few
text: residential side streets. The houses are American Gothic -
text: wooden, white paint, porches - but nothing moves. So it
text: seems. There are no cars, trucks, bicycles, people; no kids
text: playing stickball or retired farmers smoking corncob pipes on
text: their porches.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - A HOUSE
text: What Burt and Vicky don't see, however, are eyes that are
text: upon them. A FACE, watching from an attic window, disappears
text: behind a lace curtain.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The car now passes a BRICK BUILDING. This sign on the
text: yellowed, patchy, front door reads: PUBLIC LIBRARY. With
text: luck it contains 500 books. TWO BOYS rise slowly froma
text: crouched position by the side of it. They watch the passing
text: t-bird intently.
scene_heading: INT. FEED & SUPPLY STORE
text: It is old, dusty, and locked up. Bags of feed and fertilizer
text: are piled high. FIVE CHILDREN, three males and two females,
text: stare through the window.
text: THEIR POV - THE STREET - DAY The thunderbird rolls by.
scene_heading: INT. THUNDERBIRD
text: Burt and Vicky are feeling more and more apprehensive.
dialog: There's obviously something wrong here. Burt is going very
text: slowly, almost reluctant to proceed further into this place.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I guess nobody told them we were
dialog: coming.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: I hope not.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Ah, hell, they're probably all out
text: under a tent somewhere singing
dialog: Praise The Lord.
text: Vicky isn't convinced.
scene_heading: EXT. COFFEE SHOP - DAY
text: The car slows to a stop in front of HAN SEN'S COFFEE SHOP,
text: scene of the opening carnage. Like every other place in this
text: town, it looks empty and deserted.
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
text: Burt and Vicky are checking it out.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Let's see if there's a phone.
speaker_heading: VICKY
text: Unless a ghost is using it.
text: Unlike when we last saw it, there is no sign of what went on
text: here. All of the tables and chairs are set up, the booths
text: clean and the counter spotless. The only thing lacking is
dialog: any sign of recent use.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: As Burt and Vicky enter. The door closing behind them
text: muffles a sound from the kitchen.
scene_heading: ANGLE - KITCHEN
text: A BLACK SLEEVED ARM reaches to a butcher block and picks up a
speaker_heading: CLEAVER.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE FRONT ROOM
text: Burt is trying the pay phone with no luck. Vicky is looking
text: at the CHALKBOARD on the counter. It says: TODAY’S SPECIAL
scene_heading: MEAT LOAF CORN FRITTERS MOM HANSEN’S HOMEMADE PIE $2.74.
text: Vicky runs her finger along the counter and looks at the
text: dust. Burt hangs up the receiver disgustedly.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: BURT
text: Nothing. Not even a dial tone.
scene_heading: PARKING LOT - DAY
text: TwO BOYS sneak along the side of the car. They carry sides
dialog: and keep low, out of sight
scene_heading: INT. COFFEE SHOP
text: Burt and Vicky are about to leave when they hear a NOISE in
text: the kitchen. Burt starts towards the kitchen door but Vicky
text: grabs him.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Burt! Please! Don't go in there.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Why not? It might be somebody.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Please! Something's wrong. I can
dialog: feel it. I've been feeling it ever
dialog: since we got here. Let's just get
dialog: in the car. Now. We'll drive to
dialog: Hemingford. Or Grand Island.
dialog: Anywhere.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Vicky, you're really spooked. Come
dialog: on, take it easy.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Please. Humor me. TI don't want
dialog: you to go in there!
text: The urgency in her voice, her insistence, wins him.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Alright. But at least let's look
dialog: around some more. There's got to be
dialog: somebody.
text: And just as they turn towards the front door, Burt spots the
text: two "somebodys" messing with the car. They've got the door
text: open and are trying to sneak in.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Hey! Get away from that car!
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - DAY
text: The boys, both around 12, dart off, leaving the door open.
text: Burt dashes out after them, several steps ahead of Vicky, but
dialog: isn't quick enough to catch them
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: See that? Just like "back home.
dialog: Leave your car for two minutes and
dialog: look what happens.
text: He hurries back to the driver's side and gets in.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Get in. I don't want to lose them.
text: She follows him into the car quickly.
speaker_heading: INT. CAR
text: It lurches forward in the direction the boys ran.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: What are you going to do when you
dialog: catch them?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Ask them where I can find some
dialog: help. What else?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Damn! Where'd they go?
scene_heading: EXT. TOWN - BURT & VICKY'S POV - DAY
text: There's no sign of the boys. No sign of anyone. Up ahead we
text: see the main part of town. There's a REXALL, a FIVE & DIME
text: the GRACE BAPTIST CHURCH with its towering steeple, and next
text: to that, the three-story GATLIN MUNICIPAL BUILDING.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: Look, we're already in the car. Why
dialog: don't we just continue on to
dialog: Hemingford. It'll take us twenty
dialog: minutes.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: But we've found people.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Yeah. A couple of kids who tried
dialog: to break into our car.
text: Burt debates.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: There is something strange about
dialog: this place. After the way the old
dialog: man acted...
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: And what happened to him.
text: The thought chills her.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Maybe you're right. We might be
text: better off in a larger town anyway.
text: He makes a U-turn in the middle of the street and starts
text: heading out of town. Something stops him OFF SCREEN.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Over there!
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BURT
text: I saw a door open and close. That
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: I didn't see anything.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Let's check it out.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Why? I thought we were going.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Yeah, but if we know somebody's
dialog: here....
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: We don't know anything. I was
text: looking over there. I didn't see
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Vick...Settle down. This is not a
dialog: lab experiment, we don’t need all
dialog: the answers...
text: He starts driving towards the house.
dialog: 65.
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Don't patronize me, Burt.
speaker_heading: BURT
text: I'm not. I saw the door swing open.
text: A quick look. It can't hurt.
text: Vicky doesn't answer him. They pull up in front of the
dialog: house.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - DAY
text: Burt is up the steps to the porch in two bounds. Vicky takes
text: longer. She's nervous and sullen. Only a SCREEN DOOR
text: separates them from the inside. Burt shouts through it.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Hello? Anybody home?
text: He bangs on the frame a few times.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Hello? We've had an accident. we'd
dialog: like to use your telephone.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: You see? I told you. Now can we
dialog: go?
text: Burt frowns. He pauses for a beat, then opens the door and
text: pokes his head in.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Burt! This is somebody's house!
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Precisely. And all we want to do
dialog: is use their phone.
text: He enters the house. Reluctantly, Vicky follows.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE
text: There's a living room off to the left, a dining room to the
text: right, and a staircase straight ahead. Other rooms are in
dialog: back.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THEIR POV
text: What isn't broken or cracked is worn, torn or faded. The
text: upholstery on the couch in the living room looks as if
dialog: someone took a knife to it
dialog: 67.
text: The stuffing has been gouged out of the seat. A cracked
text: picture frame hangs lopsidedly over it.
speaker_heading: TWO SHOT
text: Burt and Vicky look at each other. Neither likes the feeling
dialog: about this place.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I’1l check the back.
text: CAMERA FOLLOWS BURT behind the staircase and into the
dialog: kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: In disrepair and disuse, like the rest of the house, it does
text: contain one item of interest to Burt. A TELEPHONE. He grabs
text: the receiver and raises it, but never gets a chance to dial.
scene_heading: THE WIRE - BURT'S POV
text: Cut. It dangles uselessly from the receiver.
scene_heading: ANGLE - FOYER
text: Vicky watches as Burt walks out holding the useless phone
text: with its severed wire.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I found a phone.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Well, it certainly goes with the
dialog: decor.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Back door was open too. Whoever I
dialog: saw must've slipped out. Probably
dialog: one of those kids I chased off.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Yeah. Who else would avoid us! I
dialog: mean, it's not like we've got a
text: body in the trunk.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Now, now.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Why don't we sit down and make
dialog: ourselves comfortable.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: VICKY(cont'd)
dialog: I'm sure nobody'1ll mind if we pour
dialog: the first drinks. Then when the
dialog: City Council shows up....
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Okay, I surrender. We're going.
text: He moves towards the front door under her triumphant stare,
text: conceding tacitly her right to be annoyed. They're about to
text: leave when A FLOORBOARD CREAKS above, They hear it and FREEZE
dialog: simultaneously.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Don't you dare.
text: Burt is like a puppy who's spied a squirrel up in a tree. Or
text: thinks he has. He shushes her, his eyes never leaving the
text: ceiling as he moves towards the staircase.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Burt! This is ridiculous! I'm
dialog: getting really angry.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Come on, Vick! Don't you want to
dialog: know who it is? Why they're hiding
dialog: from us? This whole thing is so
dialog: bizarre.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: (shouting whisper )
dialog: All the more reason to get out now!
text: Burt is already walking up the stairs. Very slowly and
text: quietly, his eyes constantly on the landing above. Vicky
text: pouts and sulks and sighs and fidgets at the bottom, knowing
text: she's unable to stop him. His curiosity is contagious as much
dialog: as she'd like to deny it.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt slinks up the staircase like a cat stalking an
text: unsuspecting bird. ANOTHER NOISE, FOLLOWED BY FOOT-STEPS. He
text: stops and looks at Vicky.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - VICKY
text: As her eyes meet Burt’s. Someone is sneaking around up
text: there. They both know it, but Vicky fears it more.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
dialog: 69.
text: Burt gets to the first landing. He checks ahead -the stairs
text: now reverse direction - then looks back at Vicky one last
text: time. He is visibly more tense now. He's starting to sweat
text: and his breath quickens. He takes a step forward, and creaks
text: a floorboard himself. It freezes him to the spot. After a
text: beat, he continues.
scene_heading: UPSTAIRS - BURT'S POV
text: TwO BEDROOMS and a BATHROOM are visible. A SHORT STAIRCASE
text: leads up to a MASTER BEDROOM.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt steps on another loose board. It CREAKS VERY LOUDLY.
text: Anybody waiting for him has to know where he is by that one.
text: He sucks in a breath. MORE FOOTSTEPS FROM ABOVE.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt is at the top landing between the two bedrooms. He looks
text: into one of them, then disappears into it.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: We recognize from the bed and bulletin board that this is the
dialog: bedroom Sarah was sick in three years ago when her father was
text: on the phone with her mother, x just before he was murdered.
text: Only now, on that bulletin board, are tacked ALL OF THE
text: PICTURES we've thus seen of her" stick figure prophesies.
text: The bedroom looks like it hasn't been used in a long time, or
text: at least cleaned, and is dusty and full of cobwebs, but those
text: crayon drawings on the manila paper are a child's
text: illustrations of the nightmare that took over Gatlin.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE DRAWINGS - INCLUDING BURT
text: Burt studies the drawings. He is seeing them for the first
text: time and they chill him to the marrow. He rips off the
text: rendition of HE WHO WALKS BEHIND THE ROWS and stares at it.
scene_heading: QUICK SHOT - THE PICTURE
text: As Burt stares at it. The evil figure stares back out at
dialog: him.
scene_heading: ANGLE - HALLWAY
text: Just as Burt turns out of the doorway, he comes face to face
text: with. . . . . Vicky!!! Each jumps and gasps at the same
text: time, their hearts racking and their eyes widening.
dialog: 70.
text: Before they have a chance to rebuke each other, another NOISE
text: FROM UPSTAIRS. They look towards the master bedroom and nod
text: in silent agreement.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: They get to the top of the short staircase and are about to
text: look into the master bedroom, in fact are craning their necks
text: and gripping each other with white knuckles from the tension
text: when a TREMENDOUS, HORRIFIC SHRIEK scares the daylights out
dialog: of them.
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. . .WIPE OUT!
text: Vicky loses it. She screams before she can realize that it's
text: a record as the MUSIC of the oldie WIPE OUT, continues
text: playing. Burt charges into the bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: Burt stops dead in his tracks, finding himself staring down
text: an equally frightened and surprised Sarah. Vicky enters the
text: bedroom a BEAT later. Burt begins to laugh. Vicky joins him.
text: They laugh almost as hard as Vicky did in the car when she
text: saw the signs outside Gatlin, but they stop themselves when
text: they realize how frightened the child is.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I'm sorry. Don't be afraid. we
dialog: didn't mean to scare you.
text: Sarah is staring at them like they're from another planet.
text: She warms to Vicky, though.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Well hello! What a darling little
dialog: girl. What's your name?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (sheepish)
dialog: Sarah.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Sarah. That's a lovely name. I'm
dialog: Vicky, and this is Burt.
text: Sarah won't look at Burt. She steals a glance at Vicky.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Are you alone here, Sarah?
text: She doesn't answer.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Do you live here?
text: Sarah shakes her head no.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: You just come here to play?
text: Sarah looks down at the floor. Her record finishes and she
text: takes it off the turntable.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt notices the manila paper and crayons next to her,
text: registering the connection to the terrible pictures he's just
text: seen. He says nothing for the moment.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Are your mommy and daddy around,
dialog: Sarah?
text: Sarah answers as if that's a stupid question, but the thought
text: of the answer saddens her anyway.
speaker_heading: SARAH
text: They're in the cornfield.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: What are they doing there?
speaker_heading: SARAH
text: All the grownups are there.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Well, are they working? Or are they
dialog: having some kind of meeting?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (frustrated, a little
dialog: frightened)
dialog: Noooo! Isaac put them there!
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Isaac? Who's Isaac?
text: Sarah shrugs defensively. She doesn't want to answer.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Tell us who Isaac is, darling.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Our leader.
text: Now Burt is getting frustrated and a little impatient.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Leader of what?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Of everybody.
text: Burt throws up his hands and walks over to the window. He's
dialog: had enough of this conversation, and frankly so have I. Vicky
text: keeps at it with Sarah, turning even sweeter and more patient
text: in the wake of Burt's reaction.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Could you take us to Isaac?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (very grave)
dialog: Uhhhh-uhhhh.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - BURT
text: While the conversation continues in the B.G. we watch as Burt
text: looks out the window and sees something that bewilders him.
speaker_heading: VICKY (VO)
dialog: Why not?
scene_heading: EXT. CORNFIELD - BURT'S POV - DAY
text: That same, immense, invisible force we saw in the cornfield
text: just before Chester Diehl was killed is now moving towards
text: the town. The corn is shaking wildly and the sky darkens at a
text: tremendous rate. A HOWLING WIND accompanies this. It sounds
dialog: ALIVE.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - BURT
text: He looks away for a second, blinking his eyes in disbelief.
speaker_heading: SARAH (VO)
dialog: He's scary!
text: Burt looks out at the cornfield after his momentary respite.
speaker_heading: VICKY (VO)
dialog: (to Sarah)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: VICKY(cont'd)
dialog: Sarah, it's very important that we
dialog: speak to some grownups as soon as
dialog: possible. Is there anyone around
dialog: that you can think of?
scene_heading: EXT. THE CORNFIELD - BURT'S POV - DAY
text: Nothing. No sign of what Burt saw a moment ago.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM
text: Burt rubs his eyes and accepts the possibility that stress is
text: getting to him. He walks back to Vicky.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: They're gone.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Gone where?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Into the corn!
text: Burt intervenes.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: We're not getting anywhere with
dialog: this, Vick.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Give her a chance, honey. She
dialog: keeps saying the townspeople are
text: out in the cornfield.
dialog: (to Sarah)
dialog: Right, sweetheart? All of the
dialog: grownups are in the corn?
text: Sarah nods affirmatively. There is a chilling quality to the
dialog: innocence with which she does this.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I tell you what, then. You stay
dialog: here with her. I want to go look
dialog: in that municipal building.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: (alarmed)
dialog: Why?
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Why? Because we've got a double
dialog: murder to report and we're standing
text: here with a pint sized version of
dialog: Catherine the Great trying to make
dialog: sense out of what happened to all
dialog: the people in this town.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: I just thought she could help us.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I know. Maybe you're right. She's
dialog: all we have for the moment anyway.
dialog: At least let's not lose track of
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Alright. Maybe somebody will come
dialog: for her.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: If they do, you just bring them
text: over to the car and hit the horn.
dialog: I'll keep an eye open.
text: He kisses her lightly and heads for the door. The reality of
text: his departure suddenly makes Vicky nervous.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Burt?...Do you think it's...safe?
text: A beat. Burt isn't sure, but he doesn't want to scare her.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: For who?
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: For either of us?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Yeah. Weird, but safe.
text: He smiles, and is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - DAY
text: Burt closes the front door, the wooden one behind the screen
text: and makes sure it's locked securely. He gets into the car.
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: EXT. GATLIN - BURT'S POV - DAY
text: Burt walks towards the center of town, checking everywhere
text: for signs of people. The sidewalks are empty, storefronts
text: dark and silent. There's no one to be seen anywhere. Only a
text: sense at Burt being followed.
scene_heading: ANGLE - STALKERS POV
text: CAMERA TRACKS Burt ACROSS THE PARK in the center of town. We
text: see THE POND in the middle of this park.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The solitary car passes the Grace Baptist Church. Cornshucks
text: have been heaped in the doorway. The letters in the front
text: sign haven't changed for three years. They read CORN DROUGHT
speaker_heading: AND THE LORD
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: As the car goes by, A PREGNANT TEENAGE WOMAN steps out of the
text: shadows and glares at it. She hurries inside. This RACHEL
speaker_heading: DEIGAN.
scene_heading: BURT BEING FOLLOWED - STALKERS POV
text: Burt turns to look behind him, CAMERA hides as Burt turns
text: onto the main drag and studies the buildings.
scene_heading: EXT. FIVE & DIME STORE - BURT'S POV - DAY
text: Wares are displayed "but we can barely see them for the dirt
text: on the window. Something has been written in the dirt.
scene_heading: ANGLE - WINDOW - CU
text: The message: HE WHO WALKS BEHIND THE ROWS SEETH ALL
scene_heading: ANGLE - GATLIN REXALL
text: The next building over. Cornshucks and corn leaves have been
text: piled in the doorway and inside the display cases.
speaker_heading: ANGLE — THE CAR
text: It continues its Stygian journey.
scene_heading: ANGLE - FAVORING GATLIN GRADE SCHOOL
text: He passes the Gatlin Grade School. HE MOVES UP THE STEPS AND
speaker_heading: INSIDE.
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOL
text: APPROACHING THE BLACKBOARD from the door, we see A CORNCOB
text: CRUCIFIX hanging in the center of the black-board.
text: Underneath, in chalk, is written: I HAVE WITHDRAWN MY HAND
text: FROM THEM SAITH THE LORD GOD OF HOSTS, AND THEY SHALL PAY IN
scene_heading: BLOOD FOR THEIR INIQUITIES
speaker_heading: BURT REAL
scene_heading: EXT. MUNICIPAL BUILDING - DAY
text: Burt pulls up in front of the building. He climbs the steps
text: to a pair of WOODEN DOORS. There's A DRIFT OF CORN HUSKS at
text: the top step and another CORNCOB CRUCIFIX hung on each of the
text: doors. Burt looks at these thoughtfully for a moment
text: growing more grim by the second. He goes inside.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - SARAH & VICKY
text: Sarah is sitting on the floor, Vicky on the bed. Vicky tries
text: to calm herself by calming Sarah.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Well, I guess it's just you and me.
text: Sarah smiles at her. She is a lot less nervous than Vicky.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: So tell me, what were you doing
dialog: here all by yourself? Just playing
dialog: records?
text: Sarah balks, tugs at her dress.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Ah, come on. You can tell me.
text: Sarah looks at her, wondering if she can trust her, then
text: gives in. She points to her paper and crayons.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Drawing? What's so secret about
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Not supposed to.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: You're not supposed to draw?
dialog: 77.
text: Sarah nods affirmative.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Says who? Isaac?
text: A negative shake of the head from Sarah.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Malachai.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Malachai? Now who's....Never mind.
dialog: I tell you what. You draw me a
dialog: picture and we'll just not tell
dialog: Malachai, or Isaac, or anyone at
dialog: all. How about it?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (brightening)
dialog: Okay.
text: She arranges the paper and crayons and begins drawing. She's
text: so sweet and adorable that Vicky can hardly take her eyes off
dialog: of her.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MUNICIPAL BUILDING
text: Burt pushes through the doors and steps into the LOBBY of the
text: building. What we see is not what he sees. We see, briefly, a
dialog: scene from three years ago.
scene_heading: A LARGE ROOM - BURT'S POV
text: off of which are several doors, all with frosted glass and
text: black lettering. One says: BUREAU OF REGISTRATION, another
text: is: DEEDS and a third says: DOG OFFICER. In the back is a
scene_heading: SIGN that designates: RESTROOMS.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The room is lively and full of people. THE MUNICIPAL WORKERS
text: of Gatlin, country folks in casual attire, are crowded around
text: A TRIO OF YOUNG CHILDREN who are handing out LEMONADE, and
text: charging quarters for it. The kids have brought a PORTABLE
text: STAND into the room, complete with pitchers, ice and a sign
text: and a cup for change, and the adults are finding themselves
text: amused and refreshed.
dialog: 78.
text: It takes a moment for the deadly poison in the drink to take
text: effect, and as the shocked and confused people are trying to
text: figure out what's happening to them, AN OLDER GROUP of
text: TEENAGERS, led by Malachai, charge in with their slaughtering
text: weapons. They cut their helpless victims down mercilessly.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The RESTROOM DOOR opens and POLICE CHIEF BILL HOTCHKISS comes
text: out straightening his belt. He sees the carnage and freezes.
text: So do the murderers. They hadn't expected this. Hotchkiss is
text: dumbfounded and horrified, but he has the presence of mind to
text: flee just as a half dozen of the demonic kids leap out at him
text: with their weapons.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Malachai expertly throws a knife after the police chief, but
text: Hotchkiss has slammed shut the door. The knife buries itself
text: in the wood.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - BURT
text: As he scans the quiet, empty room. There are no bodies, but
text: the place is a shambles. Desks, chairs and tables are
text: overturned, filing cabinets are down, and everywhere is CORN;
text: dried, brittle and yellowed with age.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt passes a BULLETIN BOARD upon which are several notices.
text: Prominent among them is one that advertises: OLD FASHIONED
text: REVIVAL MEETING COME TO THE TENT IN SOWERS MEADOW HEAR REV.
scene_heading: CARL BRUCKNER "OBEDIENCE TO AUTHORITY IS OBEDIENCE TO GOD"
scene_heading: HEAR LILY TREMENT, THE SINGING MARVEL PLUS "THE GOSPEL SIX"
scene_heading: PRAISE THE LORD JULY 1-3 7:30 PM.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - BURT
text: As he reads this, something flashes in his mind.
speaker_heading: QUICK FLASH
text: to Sarah's drawing of the revival meeting in the corn where
text: the child usurper (Isaac) shoved the minister aside.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt turns away and goes to the door marked BUREAU OF
text: REGISTRATION. He begins to open it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 79.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - DAY
text: The house in which are Vicky and Sarah. A BLACK HAT COMES
text: INTO FRAME, and then the body of the BOY wearing it. He is
text: dressed in the black, cloth uniform we have seen. CAMERA
text: WIDENS TO INCLUDE more than A DOZEN COMPANIONS. They are the
dialog: oldest boys we have seen, between 15 and 18 years old, and
text: some of them are pretty big. All of them are scary. They
text: have a hungry, lethal glint in their eyes. They've formed a
text: big semi-circle around Malachai, and they're humming their
text: weird song as they close in. All are armed.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. REGISTRATION OFFICE
text: Burt is exploring the office. It's a shambles, like the
text: other room, and corn is heaped everywhere in here too.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - BURT
text: He takes all this in with growing bewilderment. Then helooks
text: up at the far wall and we see his eyes widen with surprise.
scene_heading: THE WALL - BURT'S POV
text: It's dominated by the strangest PORTRAIT OF CHRIST we've ever
dialog: seen. We know it's Christ but even so, there's a stronger
text: resemblance to Lon Chaney in "The Phantom Of The Opera." This
text: Christ is grinning and he has green hair but, after a moment
text: we see it really isn't hair at all but rather corn plants.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt crosses the room to the picture and takes it off the
text: wall, standing on a chair to do so. He stares at the hideous
text: corruption for a moment and then smashes it on the floor. He
dialog: isn't out of control, but the image has affected and offended
text: him deeply. He heads for the door
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: CAMERA LINGERS on the window as Burt exits. Slowly, one by
text: one, THREE BOYS, all crowned in BLACK RIMMED HATS, look in at
text: us and scan the now vacant office. They hold a brief,
text: whispered conversation and then duck OUT OF VIEW.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Shadows are beginning to fall across Gatlin as the sun is
dialog: getting low.
dialog: 80.
text: The ominous circle of boys moving towards the house has
text: broken up into two's and three's. A few are at the front
text: door, which is locked.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Two more find a basement window ajar and wriggle in.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Another group applies a crowbar to a living room window.
scene_heading: HOUSE - BEDROOM
text: Sarah is still working on her picture. Vicky enters from
dialog: another room.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: How's it coming?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: (innocent, angelic)
dialog: You.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: Oh! Can I see?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Yes.
text: She finishes a couple of strokes and hands the picture to
dialog: Vicky.
speaker_heading: ANGLE VICKY CU
text: Her face goes from bemused to horrified to repelled as she
text: looks at the picture.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: We can tell from Sarah's expectant face that she has
dialog: absolutely no idea that what she's drawn is bad in any way.
text: Vicky is about to rebuke her when we hear the sound of GLASS
text: BREAKING. Vicky whips around and looks out the doorway.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: INT. MUNICIPAL BLDG. STAIRWELL
text: Burt climbs the stairs to the THIRD FLOOR. He's tired,
text: sweating heavily, and beaten. He pulls the door open and
text: exits into a dark corridor.
scene_heading: ANGLE - CORRIDOR WALL
text: PAINTED IN RED along the wall, which ends at a FIRE ESCAPE
text: DOOR, are the words: THUS LET THE INIQUITOUS BE CUT DOWN THAT
text: THE TRUE GOD MIGHT COME FORTH Burt follows the words along
text: the wall, arriving at a pair of OFFICES on either side. One
text: belonged to POLICE CHIEF BILL HOTCHKISS (The Blue Man) and
text: the other to MAYOR JOHN D. REESE.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt turns into the police chief's office and gets a fright.
scene_heading: ANGLE - BURT'S POV
text: A MOLDY SCARECROW, festooned with corn, is propped up in the
text: chair behind the desk. A POLICEMAN'S BADGE is pinned on the
text: cloth shirt.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE
text: Vicky comes out of the bedroom and stops at the top of the
dialog: stairs.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: (anxious, tentative)
dialog: Burt? Is that you?
text: She walks down the short staircase. The answer, at first, is
text: silence. Then, softly, the humming. Vicky listens, and
text: clutches in her right hand the picture Sarah drew. Curiosity
text: gets the better of her. Ever so slowly, she tiptoes down to
text: the top of the second landing and looks down.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE FIRST FLOOR - VICKY'S POV
text: The humming gets louder. The Children Of The Corn begin to
text: congregate at the bottom of the stairs. They stare at Vicky
text: through rabid eyes. Their weapons and their intent are
text: plainly visible.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Who are you?
dialog: 82.
text: They hum steadily. Vicky shouts even louder. She's
dialog: terrified.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: What do you want?
text: The humming stops abruptly.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Malachai steps forward from the rear. He looks up at Vicky
text: with a blissed-out expression.
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: We want to give you peace.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Vicky figures that one out in a hurry. She lunges back
text: upstairs, tripping and stumbling in her haste.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Malachai lets slip his pups of war.
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: Seize her!
text: And with a gleeful shout, the boys rush the stairs all at
text: once. They fall over each other in their haste to do
text: Malachai's bidding.
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM
text: Vicky runs into the bedroom SCREAMING AT THE TOP OF HER
text: LUNGS. She slams the door and frantically pulls a CHEST OF
text: DRAWERS against it just as the first wave of boys arrives.
text: Their initial charge is dulled by the unexpected weight of
text: the furniture, but it is obvious they won't be stopped.
text: Vicky, still screaming, pushes against the door with all her
text: might. A HATCHET blasts through, cutting her arm and
text: splintering the wood. Vicky screams again and clutches at her
dialog: arm.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The door gives way and the boys, like giant black rats, pour
text: into the room. Vicky picks up a lamp and throws it at them.
text: Sarah remains seated on the floor, frozen, staring fearfully
text: at the proceedings.
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - SARAH'S POV
text: Vicky is dragged, literally, kicking and screaming from the
text: room. Her clothes are torn, she's bleeding from the mouth and
text: arm and her face is badly bruised. She has dropped the
text: crumpled picture on the floor.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Sarah is left untouched and alone in the room. She hasn't
text: moved through the whole thing. Her wide, terror-stricken eyes
text: tell the whole story. He lip trembles.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. POLICE CHIEF'S OFFICE
text: Burt is still there, trying to figure the foreboding
text: scarecrow, but has decided he's had enough of trying to
text: figure anything in Gatlin. He turns around and sees a
text: picture on the wall behind him.
scene_heading: THE PICTURE - BURT'S POV
text: It's the VIRGIN MARY, withering back from the onslaught of a
text: monstrous DRAGON. Underneath is a caption: AND WHEN THE
text: DRAGON SAW THAT HE WAS CAST UNTO THE EARTH, HE PERSECUTED THE
scene_heading: WOMAN WHICH BROUGHT FORTH THE MAN CHILD
scene_heading: ANGLE - BURT - CU
text: As he reads the caption, he senses something.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: He begins to move on, but something about this picture pulls
text: at him. He stares at it again.
scene_heading: THE PICTURE - BURT'S POV - CLOSEUP
text: His eyes study the dragon, and then the woman, and then the
dialog: threatening dragon again....
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: And then Burt begins to run. He flies out the door and into
dialog: the....
speaker_heading: CORRIDOR
text: Running as fast as his legs can carry him, slipping on the
dialog: slick floor....
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: THE STAIRCASE
text: He "takes the stairs three at a time, two flights, and bursts
text: through the doors to the main lobby.
speaker_heading: THE LOBBY
text: Burt streaks across it and crashes through the door.
scene_heading: EXT. MUNICIPAL BLDG. - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The first thing Burt sees stops him momentarily.
scene_heading: THUNDERBIRD - BURT'S POV
text: It's wrecked; slashed, battered, the hood is up and the wires
text: ripped out; and the engine is stuffed with corn husks and
text: plants. Burt enters frame.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt bolts down the stairs and past the car at a dead run.
text: His path is a trip in time. Various buildings he runs past
dialog: give us a brief glimpse of their terrible history.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt runs past the library.
speaker_heading: QUICK FLASHBACK
text: A GROUP OF "CHILDREN" are burning its books in a big bonfire
text: outside. DOZENS OF BOOKS are tossed out the windows by those
text: inside while the ones outside heap them on the flames. ISAAC
text: supervises.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - BURT
text: He doesn't see this flashback, of course, but instead keeps
text: running. His footsteps and the steady sound of his breathing
text: are the only things we hear. He passes the REXALL.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE CHURCH
text: As Burt runs past the church, we see another scene of horror.
scene_heading: QUICK FLASHBACK - THE STEEPLE BELLTOWER
text: The minister is being manhandled by Malachai and ANOTHER
text: GROUP. They have already beaten and bloodied him. Now they
text: roughly put a noose around his neck. He pleads with them in
text: vain. They shove him out of the bell tower and he plummets
text: until the thick rope catches, snapping his neck.
dialog: 85.
text: He hangs there with his eyes bulging and his tongue sticking
text: out, just like in Sarah's drawing.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - BURT
text: He remembers the drawing and stops for a beat to look up at
text: the steeple. The rope still hangs but the noose is empty.
text: Burt gulps at the air and continues on.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE PARK
text: Cutting through the park, Burt leaps over THE POND.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE POND
text: A DOLL floats face down in the water.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: And finally, Burt arrives at the house. He sees the broken
text: windows and kicked-in front door.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE
text: Burt nearly rips the screen door off its hinges, smashes thru
text: the door. He looks around wildly, very much out of breath.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: VICKY!!!
text: He runs up the stairs.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: VICKY!!!
scene_heading: INT. MASTER BEDROOM
text: Burt charges in, wild eyed and maniacal. The sight that
text: greets him is Sarah, who is shaking and whimpering in the
text: corner. A LINE OF BLOOD shows where Vicky was dragged out of
text: the room. Burt kneels next to the little girl.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Where is she? Where have they taken
dialog: her??? Please I
text: Sarah is severely traumatized at the moment. She looks at
text: Burt blankly.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: If you have any idea you've got to
dialog: tell me. She's in danger.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: BURT(cont 'd)
dialog: She could be your mother. Please!
dialog: Please!
text: The urgency in his voice, perhaps that last line, reaches
text: something in Sarah. She surfaces briefly.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Malachai....
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Who? Malachai? Where do I find him.
text: Sarah stares at him for a moment, then looks over to the
text: crumpled picture Vicky dropped just before she was taken.
text: Burt grabs it and uncrumples it.
scene_heading: THE PICTURE - BURT'S POV
text: Just like all of Sarah's other drawings, in crayon, it shows
text: an obvious likeness of Vicky - same clothes and hairstyle
text: although in stick figure - crucified on a cross in the
text: cornfield. There is blood dripping from several wounds
dialog: including the one we saw her get in the arm. We cannot tell
text: if the Vicky in the pic-ture is dead or alive.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - BURT
text: As he reacts to the picture.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CORNFIELD - LATE AFTERNOON - VICKY
text: CLOSEUP. Vicky is lying on something, flat on her back
text: somewhere in the cornfield. It's a large clearing. She is
text: only semi-conscious. Bruised and bloody, she drifts in and
text: out of awareness. She seems to be hearing voices, which we
dialog: also hear.
speaker_heading: MALACHAI (VO)
dialog: Does He speak to you, Isaac?
speaker_heading: ISAAC (VO)
dialog: He speaks to me always, but today
text: He is displeased.
text: Vicky isn't sure whether this is just a bad dream. She tosses
text: her head from side to side, trying to awaken herself.
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: ANGLE - MALACHAI & ISAAC
text: We now see that this is indeed no dream. The two are there
dialog: with her.
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: He is displeased with you
dialog: Malachai.
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: What have I done?
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: (angry) oo
dialog: Question Him not in vain! Do you
dialog: not know you did sacrifice Joseph
dialog: without an offering? Did you not
dialog: spill the blood of the old man when
dialog: his oil and gasoline were still
dialog: useful to us?
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: We have our own fuel now. In the
text: still. From the corn.
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: Shew not your pride, Malachai. We
dialog: have not enough.
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: (vindictive)
dialog: And is the Lord not displeased that
dialog: we have not offered Him Sarah and
dialog: Job?
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: Sarah has the gift of Sight! She
dialog: warned us of the coming of the
dialog: interlopers. Question not my
dialog: judgment, Malachai. I am the giver
dialog: of his word.
text: Malachai glowers at Isaac. For the first time, we see him
text: unafraid of the younger boy, even a bit scorn-ful and
text: resentful.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - VICKY
text: She struggles to open her eyes and see where the voices are
dialog: coming from.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: ISAAC (VO)
dialog: Now go you and bring me the hus-
dialog: band. VJe must offer them tonight.
dialog: When Amos leaves us.
text: Vicky suddenly feels herself being pulled, jerked, up into
text: the air. She snaps out of her daze enough to see what is
text: going on around her.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: She is being raised into the air. She sees Isaac below, and
text: the departing Malachai. There are several other CHILDREN
text: around, helping with the erecting of her cross. Only now
text: does she realize that she is tied to a large, WOODEN
text: CRUCIFIX. It is turned as it's raised, and she finds
dialog: herself....
scene_heading: ANGLE - VICKY'S POV
text: ...face to face with The Blue Man.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - VICKY
text: Her horror and revulsion are too intense even for a scream.
text: She presses back as hard as she can against the cross, back
text: away from her fate.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER PART OF THE CORNFIELD - DAY
text: Burt is running - along a wall of the corn, frantically
text: screaming for Vicky. He is hot, tired and out of breath. He
text: is also intensely determined. He rips the corn plants out of
dialog: the way.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Burt is lost, or at least he doesn't know where to begin.
dialog: All he knows is that Vicky may be out here somewhere,
text: undergoing some unspeakable torture. He tries another
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
speaker_heading: ANGLE - BURT
text: He's pressing his way through another row. The corn seems to
text: have thickened, as if Burt was at the bottom of a giant
text: green pool. There are no longer discernible rows, just one
text: giant wall of corn.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The plants themselves are beginning to resist Burt
text: physically. Leaves swat him in the face. One cuts him with
text: its razor edge. A stalk bends over in his path, wrapping
text: itself around him. Burt is getting panicky, but mentally
dialog: fighting the idea that this stuff has a will of its own. He
text: finally loosens the tenacious stalk.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Jesus Christ!
text: He struggles on, sure of only one thing. His will to find
text: Vicky. And then he spots something that may help him.
scene_heading: ANGLE - CHURCH STEEPLE - BURT'S POV
text: He spots the highest place in Gatlin, from where he can look
text: out over the entire cornfield.
scene_heading: ANGLE - EDGE OF THE FIELD
text: Burt emerges from the corn, fighting his way to the very
text: last. He is plastered with plants - leaves, silk, husks -
text: and is bloody and exhausted. He tears the stuff off of him.
text: He finds himself next to a BARN, and decides to check it out.
scene_heading: EXT. BARN - LATE AFTERNOON
text: It is quite large, made out of wood, and painted red. THE
text: DOORS ARE OPEN so Burt approaches carefully. There is no
dialog: sign of anyone about.
scene_heading: ANGLE - BURT - STALKER'S POV
text: Someone is watching Burt as he walks towards the barn. He is
text: still brushing corn plants off himself. The watcher makes no
text: move towards him, but keeps pas with him at a distance.
scene_heading: INT. BARN
text: Burt pokes his head in to make sure no one is there.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK TO:
scene_heading: INT. BARN
dialog: Same POV as Burt's, but three years ago. At first we think
text: this is what Burt is seeing, just as in the Municipal
dialog: Building, but we will quickly realize it is from the past.
text: Police Chief Hotchkiss - sweating, disheveled and out of
text: breath - is alone in the barn.
dialog: 90.
text: He looks at A PAGE FROM A BOOK very briefly, then stuffs the
text: piece of paper in his shirt pocket.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: He goes to a STILL which is housed in the barn. Next to it
scene_heading: are SEVERAL 500 GALLON METAL CONTAINERS marked GASOHOL. He
text: finds some HOSES, cuts off the metal ring fastners at the
text: ends and connects them to the spigot on one of the drums.
text: He's starting to unwind the hose out of the barn when...
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Suddenly, he's jumped by SEVERAL TEENAGE BOYS. They beat him
text: unconscious with ax handles, but not until after a fierce
text: struggle. During the melee, his shirt is ripped and the
text: piece of paper falls to the ground.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: After the boys have dragged their unconscious victim away, a
text: figure steps into the barn and picks up the paper. It is
dialog: Job.
scene_heading: PRESENT TIME:
scene_heading: INT. BARN
text: Burt looks around. He sees the gasohol drums, the still, A
scene_heading: FAIRLY MODERN TRACTOR, and basic FARM IMPLEMENTS. But no
text: Vicky. He heads to the church.
scene_heading: EXT. GATLIN - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Burt is nearing the church.
scene_heading: ANGLE - BURT - STALKER'S POV
text: Again we see Burt through the eyes of whomever is stalking
text: him, maintaining that careful, respectful distance. Burt
text: starts to go in the front, then thinks better of it and walks
text: around the side. We follow Burt from THIS POV.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt creeps up the back steps to the church and listens at
text: the door for a beat, then tries the handle. It's open.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - CORRIDOR
text: Burt enters from behind the pulpit. He walks along a narrow
text: CORRIDOR, stops, and looks into the sanctuary.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK TO:
dialog: 91.
scene_heading: CHURCH SANCTUARY - (BURT'S POV)
text: The same place Burt is looking at, only three years prior
text: The gray haired MINISTER, whom we saw depicted in one of
text: Sarah's drawings and also later hanged from the steeple, is
text: kneeling in prayer at the pulpit. Isaac, Malachai and their
text: cohorts walk up behind him.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
dialog: The Minister is unafraid at this moment. He has "been
text: reading from his BIBLE, and rises and turns on the Children
text: with a defiant stare. He turns the book around and holds it
dialog: up to Isaac.
scene_heading: THE BIBLE - ISAAC'S POV
text: It is open to THE BOOK OF REVELATIONS. A page is missing.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Isaac holds out his hand and Malachai hurries to fetch him
text: ANOTHER BIBLE. Isaac opens this one to the corre-sponding
text: page and reads for a beat. He looks up at the Minister, who
text: says something to him which we do not hear. Whatever it is
text: Isaac sneers at the older man. He takes something out of his
text: pocket and holds it up for the Minister.
scene_heading: THE POLICE CHIEF'S BADGE - MINISTER'S POV
text: Unmistakably the real thing. It says: CHIEF OF POLICE and at
speaker_heading: the bottom: GATLIN
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The Minister is shaken. Isaac rips the page out of the Bible
text: and crumples it, dropping it to the floor. The Minister backs
text: up, but the Children of the Corn are upon him. We've already
dialog: seen what happened next.
scene_heading: PRESENT TIME:
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH - BURT'S POV
text: The first thing Burt sees is the destruction, even more
text: vandalism than in the Municipal Building. The ICONS have
text: been chipped, broken and painted upon; slogans have been
text: painted on the walls in red: AND YE SHALL WORSHIP NO FALSE
text: GODS BEFORE HIM and AND A CHILD SHALL LEAD THEM; cornshocks
text: and plants have been heaped everywhere; and THE CHRIST FIGURE
text: has been completely redone in corn - a crown of corn,
dialog: cornsilk for hair, etc.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: And much to Hurt's surprise, there are PEOPLE. He hides in
text: the shadows. A CEREMONY is taking place. Rachel Deigan, the
text: pregnant girl who watched Burt drive by on his way to the
text: Municipal Building, is there with her TWO YOUNG CHILDREN.
text: Behind them, filling the first few pews, are a DOZEN
text: ONLOOKERS, none of whom are older than 18. They are all
text: watching as AMOS DEIGAN, a dark-haired boy of 19, is made
text: ready for a very special occasion. He seems almost in a
text: trance, and gives his wife a blissful, unseeing smile.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: A BLACK ROBED GIRL steps up to him and offers him a COB-
text: HANDLED KNIFE and a BOWL hollowed out of another cob. Deigan
text: takes these and makes an incision in his chest, over his
text: heart. He begins to draw a PENTAGRAM.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - BURT
text: He is alternately fascinated, horrified and revolted by what
text: he sees. He is hardly able to restrain himself from stopping
dialog: Amos.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Amos finishes the last line of the symbol. He hands the girl
text: back the knife and begins squeezing his blood into the bowl.
text: When he has SEVERAL TABLESPOONS, the girl wipes the wound and
text: hands him a QUILL PEN and a SCROLL. She holds the scroll
text: unfurled while he dips the pen in his blood and writes
text: something down. The girl takes the pen and the scroll away
dialog: when he's done.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Deigan then turns to his family. The congregation begins to
text: hum as he offers the bowl to his wife. She tastes it without
text: hesitation, then prepares to give some to the children.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: At that point, Burt can stand it no longer. He jumps out
text: from his hiding place.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: No!
text: He continues forward, stopping only at the edge of the
dialog: pulpit.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Are you out of your minds??? What
dialog: the hell do you think you're doing?
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The room is dead silent. Everyone stares at him with hateful
text: eyes, everyone except Amos. He is too blissed out. He gives
text: Burt the same vacant look he gave his wife.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Today's my birthday.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: You've got a pretty sick way of
text: celebrating, it.
text: He turns on Rachel. He has suddenly assumed the role of a
text: reproachful parent.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: And you! Are these your children?
dialog: You ought to be locked up for even
dialog: allowing them to see this much
dialog: less....
text: The black robed girl shouts at him.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Silence, interloper! Your presence
dialog: does profane this holy place. He
dialog: will reckon with you I
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Well that's fine, whoever "he" is.
dialog: I happen to be a doctor. Maybe
dialog: "he'd" like to discuss the medical
dialog: ramifications of carving yourself
text: up with an unsanitary object not to
dialog: mention what it would do to those
dialog: kids to drink it!
text: Amos is confused. Someone is suddenly condemning what should
dialog: have been his hour of triumph.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: But it is as it should be. As it
text: is written.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Speak you no more to him, Amos. He
dialog: is an Unbeliever!
dialog: 94.
text: She looks to one of the boys in the pews.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Hurry. Bring Isaac...No, Malachai.
text: The boy rushes out. Burt ignores this. He's making some
dialog: progress with Amos.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: What do you mean, ‘As it is
dialog: written? Written where?
text: Amos looks at the scroll.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The scroll is resting on a ceremonial TABLE. The knife lies
text: next to it. Burt makes a move for the scroll just as the
text: girl/priestess grabs for it. She gets the scroll first but
text: Burt gets her wrist. He is a different Burt now, a man who
text: has been pushed too far and is desperate. He twists her arm
text: forcefully and takes the scroll from her.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Several of the OLDER BOYS in the congregation walk forward.
text: Burt eyes them aggressively and they hesitate. He goes back
text: to the scroll.
scene_heading: THE SCROLL - BURT'S POV
text: He unfurls it, revealing a list of names, all written in
dialog: blood like Amos'. The difference is that theirs are dried
text: and brown, his is fresh red. Beside each name is a birthdate
scene_heading: and date of death. ZEPENIAH KIRK (GEORGE) B. OCT. 14, 1963
scene_heading: OCT. 14, 1982 YEMEN HOLLIS, (EDWARD) B. JAN. 5, 1964 JAN.
scene_heading: 5, 1983 MARY WELLS (ROBERTA) B. JUNE 18, 1964 JUNE 18, 1983
text: and so on, until the last name, which is AMOS DEIGAN
scene_heading: (RICHARD) B. OCT. 3, 1964 OCT. 3, 1983
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt looks at Amos in confusion.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I don't understand. These kids all
dialog: died so young?
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: Not die. We go to Him, on the
dialog: first night of our 19th year. Night
dialog: is His time.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: And what happens when you go to
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The BOY who ran out for Malachai bursts back in.
speaker_heading: BOY
text: Malachai comes.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The girl/priestess commands the others.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Seize him! Don't let him escape.
text: Burt starts to back up as the emboldened youths surge
text: forward. The girl picks up the ceremonial knife and plunges
text: it into Burt's right shoulder. He staggers backwards and
dialog: falls into
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: A PILE OF BIBLES. They are all open to a particular spot -
text: REVELATIONS - AND A PAGE HAS BEEN TORN OUT of each one at
dialog: this spot.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt yanks the knife out of his shoulder, grimacing in pain.
text: The onrushing youths stop when he points the knife at them.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (enraged)
dialog: Is this your religion?
text: He picks up one of the bibles with his left hand throws it at
text: them, and another and another, until he pauses once, noticing
dialog: the missing page.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: What did you do? Rip out the ten
dialog: commandments, or just rearrange
dialog: them to suit your needs?
text: He rises to his feet, but staggers from pain and loss of
text: blood. The boys inch forward. Burt stops again, threatening
text: them with the knife. He backs out of the church...
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Burt exits the rear door....and begins to run. He tosses
text: away the knife. After a BEAT, the hordes come running after
text: him. The girl/priestess is last, exhorting them.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Seize him! Don't let him escape
scene_heading: ANGLE - BURT - STALKER'S POV
text: Whoever this is who has been stalking Burt watches him run
text: towards the main part of town. The stalker ducks away
text: abruptly, hurrying himself to keep up.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt is running through town. He turns down a side street
text: only to find Malachai and his bunch running towards him. Burt
text: does an about face and heads the other way, narrowly.
text: avoiding the group that chased him out of the church.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt runs and runs, turning errantly whichever street or way
text: presents itself. Finally, he has to stop for breath. He
text: quickly finds himself surrounded by a HALF DOZEN BOYS, all of
text: them armed.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt stares them down, turning all around so that he can see
text: if and when any of them make their move. The boys are
text: cautious. Burt is at least ten years older than the oldest
text: of them, and he isn't any pushover. He is a wounded,
text: desperate, adult and the boys sense this.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I'm warning you guys. This isn't a
dialog: game. First one of you comes near
dialog: me's gonna get his head knocked
dialog: off.
text: CAMERA PANS THEIR FACES. These are children. The murder in
text: their eyes is so incongruous with their physical selves that
dialog: it is hard to imagine they are as deadly as we've seen them
dialog: be.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: One of them charges Burt and swings a sickle. Burt blocks it
text: and knees him in the groin.
dialog: 97.
text: As the boy doubles over, Burt pounds him between the shoulder
text: blades, sending him to the ground. Burt will make ingenious
dialog: use of his medical knowledge before this day is over. He
text: picks up the sickle and swings it, just in time to send two
text: more attackers scurrying backwards.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: God damn it! Now keep away from
dialog: me!
text: He walks towards them resolutely. They give ground, letting
text: him pass. But just as he seems to be free...
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Malachai and his little Huns round the corner.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Shit....
text: They explode after him, shouting and cheering in their
text: killing frenzy. Burt takes off.
scene_heading: ANGLE - OUTSIDE MUNICIPAL BUILDING
text: Burt shows some agility, wounded shoulder and all. He catches
text: the bottom of the fire escape after a running leap which only
text: the tallest of his pursuers can match. Using his left hand,
text: he pulls himself up and clatters
text: up the metal stairs. He carries the sickle in his belt.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Some of the taller boys follow him, others stream around to
text: the front entrance.
scene_heading: ANGLE - ROOF OF MUNICIPAL BLDG.
text: Burt climbs to the roof from the top of the fire escape. He
text: runs across it and without stopping, jumps to
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE ROOF OF THE REXALL
text: ...the Rexall roof, and RIGHT INTO A PILE OF DECAYING,
text: SKELETAL BODIES of the former adults of Gatlin. He lands face
text: first in the grisly mess. He gasps and swoons from the sight
text: and smell. He pauses until he hears the shouts behind him.
scene_heading: ANGLE - BURT'S POV
text: Several of the OLDER AND LARGER BOYS, led by Malachai, have
text: reached the roof of the Municipal Building. They are running
text: towards the jump-gap.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt notices that the ARMS AND LEGS of several of the bodies
text: around him are jutting up at strange angles. With several
text: swift, angular strokes, he cuts a number of these into SHARP
text: BONY SPIKES and points them towards where his pursuers will
text: be coming from. He lops a final HAND off at the wrist and
text: positions the protruding bone.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (to the corpse)
dialog: Thanks for the hand.
text: He runs to the edge of the Rexall roof. The only way off is
text: to jump, about 20 feet down. He looks back.
scene_heading: ANGLE - BURT'S POV
text: The first assault wave from the Municipal roof lands in the
text: pile of bodies after clearing the jump. One boy falls
text: squarely on one of the "spikes" and is im-paled. Malachai
text: gets one through the leg, and falls in agony. Two other boys
text: however, land with no problem although they first run to
dialog: check on Malachai.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt climbs over the edge of the Rexall roof and hangs as far
text: as he can before dropping. He falls into a tuck-and-roll,
text: coming out of it with just a slightly sprained ankle.
text: Suddenly, bottles, knives, rocks and other weapons begin to
text: rain down upon him.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: With glass breaking all around and the metal weapons striking
text: the pavement by his feet, Burt hobbles away as fast as he
dialog: can.
scene_heading: ANGLE - REXALL ROOF
text: The pursuers have already formed a "chain" and are lowering
text: their horde to the sidewalk.
scene_heading: ANGLE - STALKER'S POV
text: The person who has been stalking Burt sees a new line of
text: Children take up the pursuit. Burt heads to the left, and so
dialog: does the stalker.
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: ANGLE - BY A HOUSE
text: Burt uses a 25-yard distance between him and the Huns to stop
text: and gulp air. He's looking back, waiting for the first sight
text: of the demons when he hears something from above.
scene_heading: UPPER WINDOW - BURT'S POV
text: TwO GIRLS, dressed in drab, gray dresses, have opened the
text: window above him and are pouring something out of a kettle
text: towards him. ONE OF THEM IS PREGNANT.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt dives out of the way, barely avoiding several gallons of
text: BOILING CORN OIL. He looks up at the girls in disbelief.
text: They stare down at him in blind hatred.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The boys are coming and it's time for Burt to flee. He runs
text: past more houses. He's about to run back into the cornfield
text: when somebody calls to him.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: Hey Mister! Over here!
text: The size, age and innocence of the boy stop Burt.
scene_heading: ANGLE - JOB - BURT'S POV
text: Still in his oversized suit, he's a comically absurd figure.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: C'mere! I know where to hide!
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt looks back and sees the alternative. He decides to
text: chance it and runs after the boy.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: C'mon!
text: They run into the backyard of the house next door. This is
text: the house where Burt and Vicky first found Sarah.
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Job leads Burt to a pair of outside cellar doors, one of
text: which is open. The little boy runs down them like the white
text: Rabbit. Burt follows like Alice.
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR
text: There's danger here. It's dark and Burt's eyes are
text: acclimated to the light. He sees Job reach up and close the
text: door over them, then switch on a flashlight.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: There's another door at the bottom of the steps and an old,
text: unused one adjacent to this. Job opens the latter one.
scene_heading: ANGLE - STAIRWAY
text: Job leads the way with his flashlight.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: Careful.
text: They walk down a short flight of creaky, wooden stairs
text: towards a lighted room.
scene_heading: INT. BOMB SHELTER
text: In the dim light of a KEROSENE LAMP, Burt finds himself ina
text: homemade bomb shelter. It is a 30 x 30 room packed with
dialog: supplies - cots, food (canned and dried), medical supplies
dialog: books, tools, etc - everything a "survivalist" would stock
text: for about three months. Sarah is sitting at a small table,
text: staring at Burt. She is in her "adult" costume also. Burt
text: scans the room with his eyes, finally coming back to the
text: little boy in the strange outfit who says ecstatically:
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: Isn't it neat?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CLEARING IN THE CORNFIELD - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The sun is low in the sky. It will be dusk in less than an
text: hour. Isaac and Malachai are having a heated discussion.
text: Malachai's leg is bleeding through ban-dages. Vicky, now
text: unconscious, is still up on the cross next to The Blue Man.
text: There are about A DOZEN BOYS present. They listen intently
text: to the argument.
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: The Lord will' be pleased enough
dialog: with Amos. We need the woman. She
dialog: will bring the man to us.
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: No! He must be taken without her.
dialog: We cannot remove her from this
dialog: place. It is Holy!
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: To bring Him two we would not use
dialog: one?
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: (threatening)
dialog: Do not blaspheme, MalachaiI You
dialog: know not the laws. He speaks them
dialog: only to me.
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: (enraged)
dialog: I think not, Isaac I You are the
dialog: one who has lost favor with Him! He
dialog: is a God of blood and sacrifice,
dialog: not ceremony!
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Liesl Sacrilege! Down on your
dialog: knees, heretic!
text: Malachai lashes out with his fist and knocks Isaac to the
text: ground. Malachai stands over him. The new Usurper.
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: Command me not, Isaac, for you have
dialog: grown prideful, and apart from us.
dialog: He Who Walks Behind the Rows will
dialog: decide your fate.
text: Isaac, dripping with venom and utter hatred for Malachai,
text: turns on the assembled group. He screams invectives.
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: Don't just stand there! Seize him!
dialog: Punish him! Cut him down! I
dialog: command you. I am the Word and the
dialog: Giver of His Laws!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: ISAAC(cont 'd)
dialog: Disobedience to me is disobedience
dialog: to Him, He Who Walks Behind the
dialog: Rows, and He will slay you with a
dialog: thousand times a thousand deaths
dialog: each more horrible than the last!!!
text: Isaac's words fall on deaf ears, or at least changed minds.
text: The boys gather around Malachai, not to seize him but to
text: accept him as their new leader. Malachai accepts the role
text: matter-of-factly.
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: Cut the woman down. Put Isaac in
dialog: her place.
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: No! You dare not!
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: We will see how he favors you.
text: Isaac is seized and dragged to Vicky's cross.
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: No! You blaspheme! He will punish
dialog: you! The jaws of Hell will devour
dialog: you. All of you!
text: He struggles violently but in vain. Vicky is cut down from
text: the cross. Malachai watches with vengeful approval, as Isaac
text: is put in her place.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: A PROCESSION enters the clearing. It is Amos, followed by
text: his wife and children, escorted by candle bearing Children of
text: the Corn. Amos steps forward, that glazed look in his eyes.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: I'm ready to celebrate my birthday.
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: We have a surprise for you, Amos.
dialog: Isaac is going to keep you company.
text: Amos, Malachai and the rest look towards the cross.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Isaac is on the cross, still kicking, struggling and
text: shouting.
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: Malachai! He will punish you! He
dialog: will punish all of you! He will
dialog: not forgive you. None of you will
dialog: be forgiven.
scene_heading: INT. BOMB SHELTER
text: Burt is finishing bandaging his shoulder wound with the
dialog: available medical supplies.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: My dad built it. For when the
dialog: Communists launch their first
dialog: strike.
text: Burt laughs bitterly.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: The Communists aren't going to get
dialog: us, Job. We're going to get us.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: Are you looking for the lady?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Yes! Have you seen her?
speaker_heading: JOB
text: They took her to the clearing.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: What clearing? Where?
speaker_heading: JOB
text: In the cornfield. Where The Blue
dialog: Man is.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: I followed them. Just like I
dialog: followed you.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Show me.
text: Sarah intercedes with surprising vehemence.
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: No! You can't. It's almost night.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: SARAH
dialog: Night is His time.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (frustrated, confused)
dialog: Whose time? What are you talking
dialog: about?
text: Sarah hands him a picture from her stack. Burt walks over to
text: the table where she's sitting.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE PICTURE - BURT'S POV
text: It is a picture he, and we, have seen. It shows the figure of
text: He Who Walks Behind the Rows, with that caption underneath.
speaker_heading: WIDE ANGLE
text: He hands her back the picture.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I've seen these. In the house. I
dialog: don't believe there's a bogey-man
dialog: out there.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: Is too. He made them kill my mom
dialog: and dad.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (sincere)
dialog: Tell me.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: I don't remember everything that
dialog: happened cuz I was only five then,
dialog: now I'm eight...
text: As he continues, with Burt listening intently, we...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GATLIN - DUSK
text: Night is falling. There's a small glimmer of sun on the
text: horizon, sinking fast. Malachai looks around. He calls out
text: to his unseen foe.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: Outlander! We have your woman. She
dialog: still lives!
text: And indeed she does. CAMERA WIDENS TO INCLUDE VICKY, who is
text: bound and in Malachai 's grasp. About TWENTY BOYS are
text: milling about, waiting to do their part if Burt should come.
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: (to a group)
dialog: Five of you, go through the town.
dialog: Call to him. Tell him we wait.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BOMB SHELTER
text: Job is finishing telling Burt the story. His words should
text: sound familiar.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Then it was Malachai who killed the
text: old man at the gas station.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: Uh huh. I think his name was Mr
dialog: Diehl, but once I heard Malachai
dialog: say it was Judas.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (pleading)
dialog: Job, you've got to take me to that
dialog: clearing. I think it was Malachai
dialog: has taken Vicky, and if I don't get
dialog: there soon, I'm afraid she's going
dialog: to wind up like Mr. Diehl.
text: Job ponders very seriously for a moment.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: Alright.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GATLIN - DUSK
text: Malachai is still calling to Burt, baiting him with Vicky.
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: Outlander! Maybe you don't hear
dialog: well. How's this?
dialog: 106.
text: He pulls the knife across Vicky's face, cutting her cheek.
text: She screams.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Burt! Don't....
text: Malachai clasps a hand over her mouth, muffling her warning.
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: Her blood will spill, Outlander
dialog: Unless you give yourself up unto
dialog: Him.
scene_heading: ANGLE - BURT, JOB & SARAH
text: The three emerge from the bomb shelter and begin running
text: towards the corn. They cross the street and run to where the
text: field is visible. Something jerks Burt to a sudden halt.
scene_heading: ANGLE - BURT'S POV - LONG LENS
text: In the distance, near the barn by the cornfield, Malachai is
text: still holding Vicky.
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: We won't wait much longer,
dialog: Outlander! It is coming Night, and
dialog: Night is His time!
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt has to resist the temptation to run directly to Vicky's
text: aid. Job and Sarah now see what he is looking at.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: (hissing)
dialog: Malachai!
dialog: (then childlike)
dialog: He's in trouble now....
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Job, you and Sarah find a place to
dialog: hide. If anything happens to me,
dialog: you head out of town as fast as you
dialog: can. Stay on the road, and don't
dialog: stop until you reach Hemingford.
dialog: Now go on.
text: Burt hasn't stopped looking at Vicky the whole time. He runs
text: OFF SCREEN, leaving Job and Sarah watching him go.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: EXT. THE CORNFIELD - NIGHTFALL
text: Night comes, and night is His time. The corn begins to
text: rustle until it actually seems to tremble.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: He Who Walks Behind the Rows is on the move, casting a black
text: shadow against the blackening sky. The corn bends to His
text: will, flattening on all sides as the God surges forward.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE CLEARING - ISAAC
text: Isaac, from his high vantage point, sees what's happening to
text: the corn. Terror fills his face.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - AMOS
text: Amos has been sitting cross-legged in the clearing. Waiting.
text: Staring off into a private place. He senses the approaching
text: force and stands up. He is smiling.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: It's Him. He's come for me. He's
dialog: come to welcome me.
text: He looks into the sky, all about, but cannot see any-thing.
text: Searching, he wanders out of the clearing and into the rows.
text: His calling fades in the wind.
speaker_heading: AMOS
dialog: I am here, Lord. I'm ready!
text: CAMERA ZOOMS IN TO ISAAC
text: Whimpering and cowering like the 14- year old boy that he is
text: Isaac watches as Amos disappears into the corn.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NEAR THE BARN - NIGHTFALL
text: An eerie wind is beginning to blow, somewhat like the wind on
text: the outer edge of the eye of the storm, which signals the end
text: of the calm and the beginning of the apocalypse. In the
text: BACKGROUND, the corn is breezing wildly. Debris, tumbleweeds
text: parts of corn plants, etc, are blowing across Gatlin.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - BURT
text: He is creeping up on Malachai with quick bursts of speed from
dialog: cover to cover.
dialog: 108.
text: He runs from the back of A HOUSE to A FIXTURE OF PIPES AND
text: TUBING that leads out into the cornfield.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE FIXTURE - CLOSEUP
text: There's a CEMENT APRON around the fixture, and a removable
text: COVER in the cement. Some WHITE LETTERING has been painted
text: on the side of one of the pipes: SPRINKLER PUMPS #5 AND #6.
text: Burt looks out to where the tubing leads and sees....
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE CORNFIELD
text: Even in the dark, he can make out the shape of TwO GIANT
scene_heading: SPRINKLERS.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: There is some HOSE and TUBING lying around the fixture. Burt
text: picks up a length of the metal tubing and hefts it in his
text: hand. He looks at Malachai differently now. Not more than 50
text: feet separates them.
scene_heading: ANGLE - BURT, INCLUDING MALACHAI & OTHERS
text: Before Burt can make his move, A NOISE from the corn-field
text: distracts everybody. All heads turn towards it. They can see
text: nothing, only hear A SCREAM.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE CLEARING - SAME TIME
text: Isaac is ashen and sweating. His eyes are filled with
text: unspeakable horror as he listens to the sound of Amos
text: screaming just beyond him in the corn. That area of the corn
dialog: is being torn up by something tremendous. There are terrible,
text: beastly howls around Amos' feeble screams.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: A SOUND OF TEARING AND BREAKING, followed by a GURGLING,
text: quiets that area of the corn momentarily. Isaac waits and
text: listens, straining to see. Suddenly, something is heaved
text: into the clearing from the field. It looks like a sack, or
text: what might once have been a body. It is wearing the remnants
text: of Amos' clothes. As it lands in a heap, it splatters blood
dialog: on Isaac.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: A shadow, visible even in the dark because it is blacker than
text: the night, falls over Isaac. He is looking straight up at
text: something immense. He begs and pleads with it like a child.
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: I...I did as you commanded...I was
dialog: good...I swear it...
text: His eyes widen further, if that is possible, as the shadow
text: descends upon him.
speaker_heading: ISAAC
speaker_heading: NoOO000c0000!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. NEAR THE BARN - SAME TIME
text: Even more wind now, almost a gale. There is a single, giant,
text: death cloud over Gatlin. Burt uses the oppor-tunity to
text: attack. Malachai and the others are so preoccupied with
dialog: what's going on out in the cornfield that they've allowed
text: themselves to be caught off guard.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Vicky sees Burt charging. She jerks her body around so that
text: Malachai’s back is turned into Burt. Burt slugs him with the
text: pipe and butts him with his good shoulder. Malachai sprawls
text: to the ground.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (to Vicky)
dialog: Run!
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE FIFE FIXTURE
text: Job and Sarah have been trailing Burt. They run from the
text: back of the same house he did to the same sprinkler fixture.
text: They watch excitedly as he takes on Malachai.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Vicky has run to the barn. Burt is trying to catch up to her,
text: but the circle of boys has closed around him. He lashes out
text: with the pipe, scattering some of them in front, but suddenly
text: his knees go out from under him as Malachai tackles him from
text: behind. They roll in the dirt, Malachai pressing down with
text: his knife while Burt tries to resist him with his left, hand.
text: The boys do not intercede, sensing this is Malachai's fight.
text: They are also a bit intimidated by Burt. He's the first
dialog: "man" many of them have had to deal with in some time.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt bucks Malachai with his leg, giving himself-;just enough
text: time and room to swat him across the face with the pipe.
dialog: 110.
text: Malachai goes over on his back and Burt is instantly on top
text: of him. He whacks the knife out of the boy's hand, then grabs
text: him by the throat with his right hand (the bad shoulder side)
text: and raises the pipe over his head. He is completely in
text: control of his dazed adversary. Malachai's life is in his
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt hesitates. He looks around at the circle of boys. They
text: don't know what to do. Burt's eyes are white hot with
dialog: accusation.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Is this what you want? Another
dialog: killing? Is this what your Isaac
dialog: preaches?
text: And almost as if in response, they hear Isaac's scream. It is
text: so inhuman that it distracts everyone, including Burt. The
text: scream is followed by ANOTHER NOISE, perhaps even more
text: frightening and certainly less human. It's like the growl of
text: a lion, only much deeper and more potent, like water draining
text: into a thousand foot well. It is a sound that is at once
dialog: recognizable and yet unlike any we have ever heard. It
dialog: should chill us to the bone.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: SEVERAL OF THE BOYS runs away, so frightened are they by this
text: "declaration" from the cornfield. Burt rises to his feet,
text: staring out at the darkness in awe and wonder. He forgets
text: about Malachai, which is a mistake, and begins instinctively
text: to move towards the barn for Vicky.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Malachai scrambles to his knees. He looks at the remaining
dialog: boys.
speaker_heading: MALACHAL
dialog: Get him! Kill him!
text: Nobody makes a move. Malachai is stunned that they would
text: disobey him, but he is too filled with hate to worry about
text: that now. He sees his knife on the ground and picks it up.
text: Rising, he prepares to throw it into Burt's back. But just
dialog: as he does...
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: A VOICE calls out to him. It does not sound human.
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: Malachai!
text: Burt hears it too, and turns around to see Malachai, the
text: remaining Children, and the figure who has stepped out of the
text: corn and is walking towards them.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - ISAAC
dialog: It is not Isaac, but once it was. This is a demon Isaac, a
dialog: hideous perversion of what used to be a little boy who was
text: possessed by a fanatical religion. Much of his skin has been
text: eaten away - gnawed to the bone by some beast of nightmares.
text: His eyes are huge globes staring at something not of this
text: world, as he is not any longer. His hair, the wisps of it
text: that are left, seem more like corn leaves and corn silk, and
text: indeed there is a greenish tinge to what little skin he has
text: left. His clothes are plastered with corn plants and smeared
text: with kernels. His hands, reaching outstretched for Malachai,
dialog: are bone.
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: He wants you too, Malachai! He
dialog: wants you too!
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The half dozen Children left run past Burt into the barn. A
text: couple remain behind him and watch from the safety of his
dialog: presence.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - MALACHAI
text: He starts backing up. Alone. The look on his face is not
text: demonstrable terror, or horror, or fright. It is way beyond
dialog: that, so far that there is little emotion left with which to
text: express what it is. He's trembling and sweating profusely.
text: His hands and feet are like lead. He tries to flee from the
text: oncoming demon but he can't seem to move.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Isaac catches up to Malachai, hissing and growling like an
text: animal as he leaps upon him. Malachai buries his knife up to
text: the hilt in Isaac's chest, but it doesn't even faze the
text: smaller "boy." Isaac is already long since dead. He drags
text: Malachai back into the corn with irresistible strength.
text: Malachai's screams echo through the town.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt turns to the barn and sees that Vicky has witnessed this
dialog: spectacle.
dialog: 112.
text: The Children who ran into the barn are huddled around her
text: She meets Burt halfway to the barn and they embrace
text: passionately.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Thank God you're alright.
text: Job and Sarah come running over to them. They're terribly
text: upset by what they've just seen and they cling to Burt and
dialog: Vicky. But just when you thought it was safe to go back in
dialog: the corn...
text: THE HOWL OF THE BEAST RISES OUT OF THE FIELD!
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt, Vicky and the children are physically jarred by the
text: power of the roar. The monstrous sounds continue as lights
text: and lightning shatter the darkness, accompanied by a raging
text: wind that tosses debris in every direction. It's as if the
text: monster is going to destroy the entire town.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Our "family" hurries to the relative safety of the barn.
scene_heading: INT. BARN
text: Burt, Vicky, Job and Sarah join the other six Children who
text: are huddled in here, frightened out of their wits.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: What do we do?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I don't know. If I knew what it was
dialog: out there maybe I could tell you.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: It's He Who Walks Behind the Rows.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: What if we run for it. Try to make
text: it to the road.
text: Burt looks at the children, and Vicky's wounds.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I think we're safer here, at least
dialog: for the time being.
text: They listen as the horrendous noises continue outside. Things
text: are slamming up against the barn walls.
dialog: 113.
text: Without warning, one of the planks explodes. The wind howls
text: in, muffling their screams of terror.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt goes to Job. Something has to be done.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Job, has anybody ever tried to hurt
dialog: the monster? Any of the parents or
dialog: adults, before they were.
text: Job remembers what happened to them. To his parents.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: The Blue Man.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Who's the Blue Man? what did he
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: Officer Hotchkiss. The Chief of
dialog: Police. He came down here after he
dialog: talked to the minister. He was
text: reading a page torn out of the
text: bible. And then he was doing
text: something with the still.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: What stopped him?
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: Malachai.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Why was he reading from the bible?
dialog: What was it?
text: Job reaches into his pocket. He pulls out a COMPASS, a PEN
text: KNIFE, a RABBIT'S FOOT KEY CHAIN, TWO BASEBALL CARDS, and A
text: WALLET. He pores through a number of PAPERS he has in the
text: wallet. Outside, the sounds of Armageddon. The barn rocks
text: and sways to the side.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Hurry up, Job!
text: Job finally finds what he's looking for. He hands Burt the
dialog: page from three years ago.
dialog: 114.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE PAGE - BURT'S POV
text: It's from REVELATIONS, CHAPTER 20. VERSE 10 is circled in
speaker_heading: RED.
dialog: 20:10
dialog: And the devil that deceived them
text: was cast into the lake of fire and
dialog: brimstone, where the beast and the
dialog: false prophet are, and shall be
dialog: tormented day and night for ever
dialog: and ever.
text: Burt remembers something.
speaker_heading: QUICK FLASHBACK
dialog: TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH
text: Just after the black-robed girl stabbed Burt and he fell into
text: the pile of bibles, he noticed a page had been torn from each
dialog: of them.
scene_heading: PRESENT TIME:
scene_heading: INT. BARN
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt fights his frustration. He
text: looks at Vicky, who has read the
text: page over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I don't know what it means!
text: Another plank explodes. And another. They duck out of the
text: way of the splintering boards.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (shouting, to Job)
dialog: What was the Blue Man doing at the
dialog: still?
speaker_heading: JOB
text: He hooked the hose up to it and was
text: rolling it out.
text: Burt ponders.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Lake of fire...Fire! He must have
text: been trying to burn the field.
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: But how?
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: With the...Never mind.
text: Burt springs into action. He becomes the Field General of
dialog: this motley fighting force.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: You kids I Get me all the hoses you
dialog: can find. Job, Sarah, find a glass
dialog: bottle, a soda pop bottle if you
dialog: can. Vicky, come here.
text: Burt leads Vicky over to the GASOHOL DRUMS. He takes the hose
dialog: from one of the kids. It won't connect to the spigot
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (to kid)
dialog: Give me your knife.
text: The innocent looking boy hands Burt a mean looking knife.
text: Burt hands it to Vicky and holds up the hose.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Cut it.
text: She does so. Burt jams the end onto the spigot.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: (to Vicky)
dialog: You're going to have to hold this
dialog: tight when I go out there.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: Where??? What??? Are you crazy???
text: Burt ignores her. He barks an order at the kids.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Connect those hoses. Hurry!
text: Job arrives with an empty, ancient bottle of PEPSI. Burt
text: takes the hose off the spigot long enough to fill the bottle
text: with gasohol. He rips part of Job's shirt and stuffs the rag
text: into the bottle. Job protests.
speaker_heading: JOB
dialog: Hey!
dialog: 116.
text: Burt smiles and touches the boy's cheek as he shakes the
text: bottle thoroughly, wetting the rag with the gasohol. He
text: turns to Vicky and gives her a hard, sudden kiss.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: I love you. Remember to keep that
text: hose on tight.
text: He jams it up against the spigot and opens the valve. Vicky
text: doesn't know what to say, so she says nothing.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt lights the rag with his cigarette lighter, picks up the
text: hose, from which gasohol is beginning to pour out, and exits
dialog: the barn.
scene_heading: EXT. GATLIN - NIGHT
text: A scene worthy of the sounds we have just heard from inside
text: the barn. There's a gale force wind blowing out of the
text: cornfield. Wood, glass, corn - all kinds of debris - are
text: being tossed about. The sky is dark but darker over the
text: cornfield, except for the middle which is glowing and
text: sparking. The houses and buildings of Gatlin are coming
dialog: apart, both from the wind and the noise, that incredible and
text: chilling roar, emanating from the cornfield.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt runs with the hose and the Molotov cocktail towards the
text: sprinkler pump fixture. An even more savage roar goes up
text: from the monster. Things begin to come out of the field,
text: shot as if from cannons, right at Burt
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: At first the corn plants seem like debris. They whip around
text: Burt's legs, tripping him, and around his arms. While he's
text: struggling, more are piling on top of him. He's becoming
text: entangled in a net. Panic stricken, Burt struggles to free
text: himself. He's tearing at the stalks when he sees...
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE BLUE MAN AND HIS CROSS
text: The crucifix and its dead occupant are about to smash Burt
text: into the ground. He rolls out of the way just in time,
text: barely avoiding the ten foot wooden icon.
text: But he is still entangled in the corn stalks. Job suddenly
text: appears with a knife. He starts hacking away at the stalks.
text: They bleed and the monster howls in protest.
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt is free. He picks up the hose and cocktail.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Get back to the barn!
text: He runs forward. Job stays right where he is, not wanting to
dialog: abandon Burt.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt is almost at the pump when THE BODIES OF ISAAC AND
text: MALACHI - what's left of them - are now flung upon him. Half
text: skeletons, half decaying flesh, they entangle him ina
text: lifeless grappler hold. Burt struggles to rid himself of
dialog: them and finds it isn't that easy.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - JOB
text: He stands frozen, watching in horror.
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE CORNFIELD
text: And now the monster itself rears its head and bellows its
text: intent. It is immense, formless, a vision of death.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt is working feverishly. He opens the metal cover on the
text: pump and tries to unscrew its connecting valve. The thing
text: won't budge. The hose is spilling gallons of gasohol by the
text: second and is in danger of running out. He grabs another
text: piece of loose tubing and uses it as a lever. The valve
text: finally opens. Job arrives.
scene_heading: EXT. CORNFIELD - NIGHT
text: The monster moves slowly, steadly, inexorably towards Burt
dialog: and Job.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt jams the hose into the valve. He throws the switch
dialog: and...
scene_heading: ANGLE - CORNFIELD - NEAR THE SPRINKLERS
text: ...Nothing happens. The monster approaches. Burt and Job
text: will never make it back to the barn. The Beast is too close.
text: But then, the sprinklers begin to move, kicked to life by the
text: sudden increase in pressure. They begin to spew gasohol over
dialog: the sacred corn.
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The Beast is enraged. It looses a deafening roar of protest
text: and pain. It lifts the giant sprinklers into the air like
text: they were toys and thrashes them, but as it does so it only
text: gets more of the fluid on the corn, and also on itself.
scene_heading: ANGLE - BURT & JOB
text: Burt picks up the Molotov cocktail and heaves it. Within the
text: motion, though, he is jolted by the forgotten pain in his
text: wounded shoulder.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The Molotov cocktail falls far short of its target. In fact,
text: it doesn't even break.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt, clutching his wound, stares in shock.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Oh no....
text: Job, realizing what has happened, begins to run straight into
dialog: the corn.
speaker_heading: BURT
dialog: Job! NO! COME BACK!!!
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Job is intent. His little body darts into the rows.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: The monster starts towards the boy.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt starts towards the field, screaming to Job in vain.
speaker_heading: BURT
text: JOB! RUN! IT'S COMING AFTER
dialog: YOU!!!
scene_heading: ANGLE - BETWEEN THE ROWS - JOB
text: Job flies past the stalks. He spots the still-burning
dialog: cocktail.
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - BURT
text: He scours the field with his eyes. Despair racks his body.
text: As the Beast comes within 50 yards, its immense shadow falls
text: over him. Burt steps back, his eyes drawn upwards. He is
text: about to die and he knows it.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Job emerges from the cornfield. He hands the flaming Molotov
text: cocktail to Burt, who is so happy to see him that he forgets
text: himself for a moment. He looks at the boy, and then
text: incredulously at the bomb.
speaker_heading: ANGLE - JOB
text: He waits expectantly for Burt to throw it again.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt heaves the cocktail as hard and as high as he can. It
text: takes a second for it to land and then..
speaker_heading: BAROOOM!
text: THE CORNFIELD EXPLODES IN FLAME
text: becoming a veritable LAKE OF FIRE. The sky turns a fiery
text: orange-red. THE BEAST HOWLS EVEN LOUDER, registering its pain
dialog: and rage.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Vicky and the rest of the children venture a look, so great
dialog: is the noise and the heat.
speaker_heading: VICKY
dialog: (seeing the flames)
dialog: Oh my God! Buuuurrrrrt!
text: She goes running to him, all of the Children following.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt and Job have been running towards the barn. They join
text: the others and all continue their retreat to a safer place.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: They stop near the edge of town and look back on the
dialog: destruction.
dialog: 120.
scene_heading: THE CORNFIELD - THEIR POV
text: The Devil is in his Hell. As the flames consume the field, A
text: MUCH BRIGHTER AND MORE INTENSE FIRE accompanied "by tortured
text: screaming, breaks off from the general one. The Beast is
text: outlined and defined by this fire within the fire. It burns
text: brighter and brighter, brilliantly for a moment, and then
text: IMPLODES IN ON ITSELF, turning into a vortex that disappears
text: down into the earth.
speaker_heading: ANGLE
text: Burt, Vicky, Job and Sarah, and all of the others, watch, the
text: glow from the continuing flames casting a healing light on
text: their faces. Vicky is leaning against Burt. In her hand, she
text: is still clutching the page from Revelations.
dialog: -end-
dialog: 
