dialog: 
dialog: Citizen Kane
dialog: By
dialog: Herman J. Mankiewicz
dialog: &amp;
dialog: Orson Welles
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PROLOGUE
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. XANADU - FAINT DAWN - 1940 (MINIATURE)
text: Window, very small in the distance, illuminated.
text: All around this is an almost totally black screen. Now, as
text: the camera moves slowly towards the window which is almost a
text: postage stamp in the frame, other forms appear; barbed wire,
text: cyclone fencing, and now, looming up against an early morning
text: sky, enormous iron grille work. Camera travels up what is now
text: shown to be a gateway of gigantic proportions and holds on the
text: top of it - a huge initial "K" showing darker and darker against
text: the dawn sky. Through this and beyond we see the fairy-tale
text: mountaintop of Xanadu, the great castle a sillhouette as its
text: summit, the little window a distant accent in the darkness.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: A SERIES OF SET -UPS, EACH CLOSER TO THE GREAT WINDOW, ALL
scene_heading: TELLING SOMETHING OF:
text: The literally incredible domain of CHARLES FOSTER KANE.
text: Its right flank resting for nearly forty miles on the Gulf
text: Coast, it truly extends in all directions farther than the eye
text: can see. Designed by nature to be almost completely bare and
dialog: flat - it was, as will develop, practically all marshland when
text: Kane acquired and changed its face - it is now pleasantly
dialog: uneven, with its fair share of rolling hills and one very good-
text: sized mountain, all man-made. Almost all the land is improved,
dialog: either through cultivation for farming purposes of through
text: careful landscaping, in the shape of parks and lakes. The
text: castle dominates itself, an enormous pile, compounded of several
text: genuine castles, of European origin, of varying architecture -
text: dominates the scene, from the very peak of the mountain.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
speaker_heading: GOLF LINKS (MINIATURE)
text: Past which we move. The greens are straggly and overgrown,
text: the fairways wild with tropical weeds, the links unused and
dialog: not seriously tended for a long time.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
scene_heading: WHAT WAS ONCE A GOOD-SIZED ZOO (MINIATURE)
dialog: Of the Hagenbeck type. All that now remains, with one
text: exception, are the individual plots, surrounded by moats, on
text: which the animals are kept, free and yet safe from each other
text: and the landscape at large. (Signs on several of the plots
dialog: indicate that here there were once tigers, lions, girrafes.)
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
speaker_heading: THE MONKEY TERRACE (MINIATURE)
text: In the foreground, a great obscene ape is outlined against the
text: dawn murk. He is scratching himself slowly, thoughtfully,
text: looking out across the estates of Charles Foster Kane, to the
text: distant light glowing in the castle on the hill.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
speaker_heading: THE ALLIGATOR PIT (MINIATURE)
text: The idiot pile of sleepy dragons. Reflected in the muddy water -
text: the lighted window.
speaker_heading: THE LAGOON (MINIATURE)
text: The boat landing sags. An old newspaper floats on the surface
text: of the water - a copy of the New York Enquirer." As it moves
text: across the frame, it discloses again the reflection of the
text: window in the castle, closer than before.
scene_heading: THE GREAT SWIMMING POOL (MINIATURE)
text: It is empty. A newspaper blows across the cracked floor of
dialog: the tank.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
speaker_heading: THE COTTAGES (MINIATURE)
text: In the shadows, literally the shadows, of the castle. As we
text: move by, we see that their doors and windows are boarded up
text: and locked, with heavy bars as further protection and sealing.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
speaker_heading: A DRAWBRIDGE (MINIATURE)
text: Over a wide moat, now stagnant and choked with weeds. We move
text: across it and through a huge solid gateway into a formal garden,
text: perhaps thirty yards wide and one hundred yards deep, which
text: extends right up to the very wall of the castle. The
text: landscaping surrounding it has been sloppy and causal for a
dialog: long time, but this particular garden has been kept up in
text: perfect shape. As the camera makes its way through it, towards
text: the lighted window of the castle, there are revealed rare and
text: exotic blooms of all kinds. The dominating note is one of
text: almost exaggerated tropical lushness, hanging limp and
text: despairing. Moss, moss, moss. Ankor Wat, the night the last
dialog: King died.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
speaker_heading: THE WINDOW (MINIATURE)
text: Camera moves in until the frame of the window fills the frame
text: of the screen. Suddenly, the light within goes out. This
text: stops the action of the camera and cuts the music which has
text: been accompanying the sequence. In the glass panes of the
text: window, we see reflected the ripe, dreary landscape of Mr.
text: Kane's estate behind and the dawn sky.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. KANE'S BEDROOM - FAINT DAWN -
text: A very long shot of Kane's enormous bed, silhouetted against
text: the enormous window.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. KANE'S BEDROOM - FAINT DAWN - SNOW SCENE.
text: An incredible one. Big, impossible flakes of snow, a too
text: picturesque farmhouse and a snow man. The jingling of sleigh
text: bells in the musical score now makes an ironic reference to
text: Indian Temple bells - the music freezes -
dialog: 
scene_heading: KANE'S OLD OLD VOICE
dialog: Rosebud...
text: The camera pulls back, showing the whole scene to be contained
dialog: in one of those glass balls which are sold in novelty stores
text: all over the world. A hand - Kane's hand, which has been
text: holding the ball, relaxes. The ball falls out of his hand and
text: bounds down two carpeted steps leading to the bed, the camera
text: following. The ball falls off the last step onto the marble
text: floor where it breaks, the fragments glittering in the first
text: rays of the morning sun. This ray cuts an angular pattern
text: across the floor, suddenly crossed with a thousand bars of
text: light as the blinds are pulled across the window.
text: The foot of Kane's bed. The camera very close. Outlined
text: against the shuttered window, we can see a form - the form of
text: a nurse, as she pulls the sheet up over his head. The camera
text: follows this action up the length of the bed and arrives at
text: the face after the sheet has covered it.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. OF A MOTION PICTURE PROJECTION ROOM
text: On the screen as the camera moves in are the words:
scene_heading: "MAIN TITLE"
text: Stirring, brassy music is heard on the soundtrack (which, of
dialog: course, sounds more like a soundtrack than ours.)
text: The screen in the projection room fills our screen as the second
dialog: title appears:
speaker_heading: "CREDITS"
text: NOTE: Here follows a typical news digest short, one of the
dialog: regular monthly or bi-monthly features, based on public events
dialog: or personalities. These are distinguished from ordinary
text: newsreels and short subjects in that they have a fully developed
dialog: editorial or storyline. Some of the more obvious
dialog: characteristics of the "March of Time," for example, as well
dialog: as other documentary shorts, will be combined to give an
text: authentic impression of this now familiar type of short subject.
dialog: As is the accepted procedure in these short subjects, a narrator
text: is used as well as explanatory titles.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
scene_heading: NEWS DIGEST NARRATOR
dialog: Legendary was the Xanadu where
dialog: Kubla Kahn decreed his stately
dialog: pleasure dome -
dialog: (with quotes in his
dialog: voice)
dialog: "Where twice five miles of fertile
dialog: ground, with walls and towers were
dialog: girdled 'round."
speaker_heading: (DROPPING THE QUOTES)
dialog: Today, almost as legendary is
dialog: Florida's XANADU - world's largest
dialog: private pleasure ground. Here, on
dialog: the deserts of the Gulf Coast, a
dialog: private mountain was commissioned,
dialog: successfully built for its landlord.
dialog: Here in a private valley, as in
dialog: the Coleridge poem, "blossoms many
text: an incense-bearing tree." Verily,
dialog: "a miracle of rare device."
dialog: U.S.A.
scene_heading: CHARLES FOSTER KANE
text: Opening shot of great desolate expanse of Florida coastline
speaker_heading: (1940 - DAY)
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: Series of shots showing various aspects of Xanadu, all as they
text: might be photographed by an ordinary newsreel cameraman - nicely
text: photographed, but not atmospheric to the extreme extent of the
dialog: Prologue (1940).
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: (dropping the quotes)
dialog: Here, for Xanadu's landlord, will
dialog: be held 1940's biggest, strangest
dialog: funeral; here this week is laid to
dialog: rest a potent figure of our Century -
dialog: America's Kubla Kahn - Charles
dialog: Foster Kane. In journalism's
dialog: history, other names are honored
dialog: more than Charles Foster Kane's,
dialog: more justly revered. Among
dialog: publishers, second only to James
dialog: Gordon Bennet the First: his
dialog: dashing, expatriate son; England's
dialog: Northcliffe and Beaverbrook;
dialog: Chicago's Patterson and McCormick;
speaker_heading: TITLE:
scene_heading: TO FORTY-FOUR MILLION U.S. NEWS BUYERS, MORE NEWSWORTHY THAN
text: THE NAMES IN HIS OWN HEADLINES, WAS KANE HIMSELF, GREATEST
text: NEWSPAPER TYCOON OF THIS OR ANY OTHER GENERATION.
text: Shot of a huge, screen-filling picture of Kane. Pull back to
text: show that it is a picture on the front page of the "Enquirer,"
text: surrounded by the reversed rules of mourning, with masthead
dialog: and headlines. (1940)
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: A great number of headlines, set in different types and
text: different styles, obviously from different papers, all
text: announcing Kane's death, all appearing over photographs of
dialog: Kane himself (perhaps a fifth of the headlines are in foreign
dialog: languages). An important item in connection with the headlines
dialog: is that many of them - positively not all - reveal passionately
dialog: conflicting opinions about Kane. Thus, they contain variously
dialog: the words "patriot," "democrat," "pacifist," "war-monger,"
dialog: "traitor," "idealist," "American," etc.
speaker_heading: TITLE:
scene_heading: 1895 TO 1940 - ALL OF THESE YEARS HE COVERED, MANY OF THESE
text: YEARS HE WAS.
text: Newsreel shots of San Francisco during and after the fire,
text: followed by shots of special trains with large streamers: "Kane
dialog: Relief Organization." Over these shots superimpose the date -
dialog: 1906.
text: Artist's painting of Foch's railroad car and peace negotiators,
text: if actual newsreel shot unavailable. Over this shot
dialog: sumperimpose the date - 1918.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Denver's Bonfils and Sommes; New
dialog: York's late, great Joseph Pulitzer;
dialog: America's emperor of the news
dialog: syndicate, another editorialist
dialog: and landlord, the still mighty and
dialog: once mightier Hearst. Great names
dialog: all of them - but none of them so
dialog: loved, hated, feared, so often
dialog: spoken - as Charles Foster Kane.
dialog: The San Francisco earthquake.
dialog: First with the news were the Kane
dialog: papers. First with Relief of the
dialog: Sufferers, First with the news of
dialog: their Relief of the Sufferers.
dialog: Kane papers scoop the world on the
dialog: Armistice - publish, eight hours
dialog: before competitors, complete details
dialog: of the Armistice teams granted the
dialog: Germans by Marshall Foch from his
dialog: railroad car in the Forest of
dialog: Compeigne. For forty years appeared
dialog: in Kane newsprint no public issue
dialog: on which Kane papers took no stand.
dialog: No public man whom Kane himself
dialog: did not support or denounce - often
dialog: support, then denounce. Its humble
dialog: beginnings, a dying dailey -
dialog: Shots with the date - 1898 (to be supplied)
dialog: Shots with the date - 1910 (to be supplied)
dialog: Shots with the date - 1922 (to be supplied)
text: Headlines, cartoons, contemporary newreels or stills of the
dialog: following:
scene_heading: 1. WOMAN SUFFRAGE
text: The celebrated newsreel shot of about 1914.
scene_heading: 2. PROHIBITION
text: Breaking up of a speakeasy and such.
speaker_heading: 3. T.V.A.
speaker_heading: 4. LABOR RIOTS
text: Brief clips of old newreel shots of William Jennings Bryan,
dialog: Theodore Roosevelt, Stalin, Walter P. Thatcher, Al Smith,
dialog: McKinley, Landon, Franklin D. Roosevelt and such. Also, recent
text: newsreels of the elderly Kane with such Nazis as Hitler and
dialog: Goering; and England's Chamberlain and Churchill.
text: Shot of a ramshackle building with old-fashioned presses showing
text: through plate glass windows and the name "Enquirer" in old-
dialog: fashioned gold letters. (1892)
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: Kane's empire, in its glory, held
dialog: dominion over thirty-seven
dialog: newpapers, thirteen magazines, a
text: radio network. An empire upon an
dialog: empire. The first of grocery
dialog: stores, paper mills, apartment
dialog: buildings, factories, forests,
dialog: ocean-liners - An empire through
dialog: which for fifty years flowed, in
text: an unending stream, the wealth of
dialog: the earth's third richest gold
dialog: mine... Famed in American legend
dialog: is the origin of the Kane fortune...
dialog: How, to boarding housekeeper Mary
text: Kane, by a defaulting boarder, in
dialog: 1868 was left the supposedly
dialog: worthless deed to an abandoned
dialog: mine shaft: The Colorado Lode.
dialog: The magnificent Enquirer Building
dialog: of today.
text: 1891-1911 - a map of the USA, covering the entire screen, which
text: in animated diagram shows the Kane publications spreading from
text: city to city. Starting from New York, minature newboys speed
dialog: madly to Chicago, Detroit, St. Louis, Los Angeles, San
dialog: Francisco, Washington, Atlanta, El Paso, etc., screaming
dialog: "Wuxtry, Kane Papers, Wuxtry."
text: Shot of a large mine going full blast, chimneys belching smoke,
text: trains moving in and out, etc. A large sign reads "Colorado
dialog: Lode Mining Co." (1940) Sign reading; "Little Salem, CO - 25
dialog: MILES."
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: An old still shot of Little Salem as it was 70 years ago
dialog: (identified by copper-plate caption beneath the still). (1870)
text: Shot of early tintype stills of Thomas Foster Kane and his
text: wife, Mary, on their wedding day. A similar picture of Mary
text: Kane some four or five years later with her little boy, Charles
dialog: Foster Kane.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Fifty-seven years later, before a
dialog: Congressional Investigation, Walter
dialog: P. Thatcher, grand old man of
dialog: Wall Street, for years chief target
dialog: of Kane papers' attack on "trusts,"
dialog: recalls a journey he made as a
dialog: youth...
text: Shot of Capitol, in Washington D.C.
dialog: Shot of Congressional Investigating Committee (reproduction of
text: existing J.P. Morgan newsreel). This runs silent under
text: narration. Walter P. Thatcher is on the stand. He is flanked
text: by his son, Walter P. Thatcher Jr., and other partners. He is
text: being questioned by some Merry Andrew congressmen. At this
text: moment, a baby alligator has just been placed in his lap,
text: causing considerable confusion and embarrassment.
text: Newsreel close-up of Thatcher, the soundtrack of which now
text: fades in.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: ... because of that trivial
dialog: incident...
speaker_heading: INVESTIGATOR
dialog: It is a fact, however, is it not,
dialog: that in 1870, you did go to
dialog: Colorado?
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: I did.
speaker_heading: INVESTIGATOR
dialog: In connection with the Kane affairs?
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: Yes. My firm had been appointed
dialog: trustees by Mrs. Kane for the
dialog: fortune, which she had recently
dialog: acquired. It was her wish that I
dialog: should take charge of this boy,
dialog: Charles Foster Kane.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: That same month in Union Square -
speaker_heading: INVESTIGATOR
dialog: Is it not a fact that on that
dialog: occasion, the boy personally
dialog: attacked you after striking you in
dialog: the stomach with a sled?
text: Loud laughter and confusion.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: Mr. Chairman, I will read to this
dialog: committee a prepared statement I
dialog: have brought with me - and I will
dialog: then refuse to answer any further
dialog: questions. Mr. Johnson, please!
text: A young assistant hands him a sheet of paper from a briefcase.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: (reading it)
dialog: "With full awareness of the meaning
dialog: of my words and the responsibility
dialog: of what I am about to say, it is
dialog: my considered belief that Mr.
dialog: Charles Foster Kane, in every
dialog: essence of his social beliefs and
dialog: by the dangerous manner in which
dialog: he has persistently attacked the
dialog: American traditions of private
dialog: property, initiative and opportunity
dialog: for advancement, is - in fact -
dialog: nothing more or less than a
dialog: Communist."
text: Newsreel of Union Square meeting, section of crowd carrying
text: banners urging the boycott of Kane papers. A speaker is on
text: the platform above the crowd.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: (fading in on
dialog: soundtrack)
dialog: - till the words "Charles Foster
dialog: Kane" are a menace to every working
dialog: man in this land. He is today
dialog: what he has always been and always
dialog: will be - A FASCIST!
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: And yet another opinion - Kane's
dialog: own.
text: Silent newsreel on a windy platform, flag-draped, in front of
text: the magnificent Enquirer building. On platform, in full
text: ceremonial dress, is Charles Foster Kane. He orates silently.
speaker_heading: TITLE:
text: "I AM, HAVE BEEN, AND WILL BE ONLY ONE THING - AN AMERICAN."
scene_heading: CHARLES FOSTER KANE.
text: Same locale, Kane shaking hands out of frame.
text: Another newsreel shot, much later, very brief, showing Kane,
text: older and much fatter, very tired-looking, seated with his
text: second wife in a nightclub. He looks lonely and unhappy in
text: the midst of the gaiety.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Twice married, twice divorced -
dialog: first to a president's niece, Emily
dialog: Norton - today, by her second
dialog: marriage, chatelaine of the oldest
dialog: of England's stately homes. Sixteen
dialog: years after that - two weeks after
dialog: his divorce from Emily Norton -
dialog: Kane married Susan Alexander,
text: singer, at the Town Hall in Trenton,
dialog: New Jersey.
speaker_heading: TITLE:
text: FEW PRIVATE LIVES WERE MORE PUBLIC.
dialog: Period still of Emily Norton (1900).
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: Reconstructed silent newsreel. Kane, Susan, and Bernstein
text: emerging from side doorway of City Hall into a ring of press
text: photographers, reporters, etc. Kane looks startled, recoils
text: for an instance, then charges down upon the photographers,
text: laying about him with his stick, smashing whatever he can hit.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: For wife two, one-time opera singing
dialog: Susan Alexander, Kane built
dialog: Chicago's Municipal Opera House.
dialog: Cost: three million dollars.
dialog: Conceived for Susan Alexander Kane,
dialog: half-finished before she divorced
text: him, the still unfinished Xanadu.
dialog: Cost: no man can say.
text: Still of architect's sketch with typically glorified "rendering"
dialog: of the Chicago Municipal Opera House.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: A glamorous shot of the almost-finished Xanadu, a magnificent
dialog: fairy-tale estate built on a mountain. (1920)
dialog: Then shots of its preparation. (1917)
text: Shots of truck after truck, train after train, flashing by
text: with tremendous noise.
text: Shots of vast dredges, steamshovels.
text: Shot of ship standing offshore unloading its lighters.
text: In quick succession, shots follow each other, some
text: reconstructed, some in miniature, some real shots (maybe from
dialog: the dam projects) of building, digging, pouring concrete, etc.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: One hundred thousand trees, twenty
dialog: thousand tons of marble, are the
dialog: ingredients of Xanadu's mountain.
dialog: Xanadu's livestock: the fowl of
dialog: the air, the fish of the sea, the
dialog: beast of the field and jungle -
dialog: two of each; the biggest private
dialog: zoo since Noah. Contents of Kane's
dialog: palace: paintings, pictures,
dialog: statues, the very stones of many
dialog: another palace, shipped to Florida
dialog: from every corner of the earth,
dialog: from other Kane houses, warehouses,
dialog: where they mouldered for years.
dialog: Enough for ten museums - the loot
dialog: of the world.
text: More shots as before, only this time we see (in miniature) a
dialog: large mountain - at different periods in its development -
text: rising out of the sands.
text: Shots of elephants, apes, zebras, etc. being herded, unloaded,
dialog: shipped, etc. in various ways.
text: Shots of packing cases being unloaded from ships, from trains,
text: from trucks, with various kinds of lettering on them (Italian,
dialog: Arabian, Chinese, etc.) but all consigned to Charles Foster
dialog: Kane, Xanadu, Florida.
text: A reconstructed still of Xanadu - the main terrace. A group
text: of persons in clothes of the period of 1917. In their midst,
text: clearly recognizable, are Kane and Susan.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Kane urged his country's entry
dialog: into one war, opposed participation
dialog: in another. Swung the election to
dialog: one American President at least,
dialog: was called another's assassin.
dialog: Thus, Kane's papers might never
dialog: have survived - had not the
dialog: President.
speaker_heading: TITLE:
scene_heading: FROM XANADU, FOR THE PAST TWENTY-FIVE YEARS, ALL KANE
scene_heading: ENTERPRISES HAVE BEEN DIRECTED, MANY OF THE NATIONS DESTINIES
speaker_heading: SHAPED.
text: Shots of various authentically worded headlines of American
dialog: papers since 1895.
dialog: Spanish-American War shots. (1898)
text: A graveyard in France of the World War and hundreds of crosses.
dialog: (1919)
text: Old newsreels of a political campaign.
text: Insert of a particularly virulent headline and/or cartoon.
scene_heading: HEADLINE: "PRESIDENT SHOT"
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Kane, molder of mass opinion though
dialog: he was, in all his life was never
dialog: granted elective office by the
dialog: voters of his country. Few U.S.
dialog: news publishers have been.
dialog: Few, like one-time Congressman
dialog: Hearst, have ever run for any office -
dialog: most know better - conclude with
dialog: other political observers that one
dialog: man's press has power enough for
dialog: himself. But Kane papers were
dialog: once strong indeed, and once the
dialog: prize seemed almost his. In 1910,
dialog: as Independent Candidate for
dialog: governor, the best elements of the
text: state behind him - the White House
dialog: seemingly the next easy step in a
dialog: lightning political career -
text: NIGHT SHOT OF CROWD BURNING CHARLES FOSTER KANE IN EFFIGY.
text: THE DUMMY BEARS A GROTESQUE, COMIC RESEMBLANCE TO KANE. IT IS
text: TOSSED INTO THE FLAMES, WHICH BURN UP -
dialog: AND THEN DOWN... (1910)
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: TITLE:
scene_heading: IN POLITICS - ALWAYS A BRIDESMAID, NEVER A BRIDE
text: Newsreel shots of great crowds streaming into a building -
text: Madison Square Garden - then shots inside the vast auditorium,
text: at one end of which is a huge picture of Kane. (1910)
text: Shot of box containing the first Mrs. Kane and young Howard
text: Kane, age five. They are acknowledging the cheers of the crowd.
dialog: (Silent Shot) (1910)
text: Newreel shot of dignitaries on platform, with Kane, alongside
text: of speaker's table, beaming, hand upraised to silence the crowd.
dialog: (Silent Shot) (1910)
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: Then, suddenly - less than one
dialog: week before election - defeat!
dialog: Shameful, ignominious - defeat
dialog: that set back for twenty years the
dialog: cause of reform in the U.S., forever
dialog: cancelled political chances for
dialog: Charles Foster Kane. Then, in the
dialog: third year of the Great
dialog: Depression... As to all publishers,
dialog: it sometimes must - to Bennett, to
dialog: Munsey and Hearst it did - a paper
dialog: closes! For Kane, in four short
dialog: years: collapse!
dialog: Eleven Kane papers, four Kane
dialog: magazines merged, more sold,
dialog: scrapped -
text: Newreel shot - closeup of Kane delivering a speech... (1910)
text: The front page of a contemporary paper - a screaming headline.
dialog: Twin phots of Kane and Susan. (1910)
dialog: Printed title about Depression.
text: Once more repeat the map of the USA 1932-1939. Suddenly, the
text: cartoon goes into reverse, the empire begins to shrink,
text: illustrating the narrator's words.
text: The door of a newspaper office with the signs: "Closed."
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Then four long years more - alone
dialog: in his never-finished, already
text: decaying, pleasure palace, aloof,
dialog: seldom visited, never photographed,
dialog: Charles Foster Kane continued to
dialog: direct his falling empire ... vainly
text: attempting to sway, as he once
dialog: did, the destinies of a nation
dialog: that has ceased to listen to him
dialog: ... ceased to trust him...
speaker_heading: SHOTS OF XANADU. (1940)
text: Series of shots, entirely modern, but rather jumpy and obviously
text: bootlegged, showing Kane in a bath chair, swathed in summer
text: rugs, being perambulated through his rose garden, a desolate
dialog: figure in the sunshine. (1935)
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
dialog: Last week, death came to sit upon
dialog: the throne of America's Kubla Khan -
dialog: last week, as it must to all men,
dialog: death came to Charles Foster Kane.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: Cabinent Photograph (Full Screen) of Kane as an old, old man.
text: This image remains constant on the screen (as camera pulls
text: back, taking in the interior of a dark projection room.
scene_heading: INT. PROJECTION ROOM - DAY -
text: A fairly large one, with a long throw to the screen. It is
dialog: dark.
text: The image of Kane as an old man remains constant on the screen
text: as camera pulls back, slowly taking in and registering
text: Projection Room. This action occurs, however, only after the
text: first few lines of encuring dialogue have been spoken. The
text: shadows of the men speaking appear as they rise from their
text: chairs - black against the image of Kane's face on the screen.
dialog: NOTE: These are the editors of a "News Digest" short, and of
dialog: the Rawlston magazines. All his enterprises are represented
text: in the projection room, and Rawlston himself, that great man,
text: is present also and will shortly speak up.
text: During the entire course of this scene, nobody's face is really
text: seen. Sections of their bodies are picked out by a table light,
text: a silhouette is thrown on the screen, and their faces and bodies
text: are themselves thrown into silhouette against the brilliant
text: slanting rays of light from the projection room.
text: A Third Man is on the telephone. We see a corner of his head
dialog: and the phone.
speaker_heading: THIRD MAN
dialog: (at phone)
dialog: Stand by. I'll tell you if we
dialog: want to run it again.
dialog: (hangs up)
speaker_heading: THOMPSON'S VOICE
dialog: Well?
text: A short pause.
speaker_heading: A MAN'S VOICE
dialog: It's a tough thing to do in a
dialog: newsreel. Seventy years of a man's
dialog: life -
text: Murmur of highly salaried assent at this. Rawlston walks toward
text: camera and out of the picture. Others are rising. Camera
text: during all of this, apparently does its best to follow action
text: and pick up faces, but fails. Actually, all set-ups are to be
dialog: planned very carefully to exclude the element of personality
text: from this scene; which is expressed entirely by voices, shadows,
text: sillhouettes and the big, bright image of Kane himself on the
dialog: screen.
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: See what Arthur Ellis wrote about
dialog: him in the American review?
speaker_heading: THIRD MAN
dialog: I read it.
speaker_heading: THE VOICE
dialog: (its owner is already
dialog: leaning across the
text: table, holding a
dialog: piece of paper
text: under the desk
dialog: light and reading
dialog: from it)
dialog: Listen: Kane is dead. He
dialog: contributed to the journalism of
dialog: his day - the talent of a
dialog: mountebank, the morals of a
dialog: bootlegger, and the manners of a
dialog: pasha. He and his kind have almost
dialog: succeeded in transforming a once
dialog: noble profession into a seven
dialog: percent security - no longer secure.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER VOICE
dialog: That's what Arthur Ellis is writing
dialog: now. Thirty years ago, when Kane
dialog: gave him his chance to clean up
dialog: Detroit and Chicago and St. Louis,
dialog: Kane was the greatest guy in the
dialog: world. If you ask me -
speaker_heading: ANOTHER VOICE
dialog: Charles Foster Kane was a...
text: Then observations are made almost simultaneous.
speaker_heading: RAWLSTON'S VOICE
dialog: Just a minute!
text: Camera moves to take in his bulk outlined against the glow
text: from the projection room.
speaker_heading: RAWLSTON
dialog: What were Kane's last words?
text: A silence greets this.
speaker_heading: RAWLSTON
dialog: What were the last words he said
dialog: on earth? Thompson, you've made
dialog: us a good short, but it needs
dialog: character -
speaker_heading: SOMEBODY'S VOICE
dialog: Motivation -
speaker_heading: RAWLSTON
dialog: That's it - motivation. What made
dialog: Kane what he was? And, for that
dialog: matter, what was he? What we've
text: just seen are the outlines of a
dialog: career - what's behind the career?
dialog: What's the man? Was he good or
dialog: bad? Strong or foolish? Tragic
dialog: or silly? Why did he do all those
dialog: things? What was he after?
dialog: (then, appreciating
dialog: his point)
dialog: Maybe he told us on his death bed.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Yes, and maybe he didn't.
speaker_heading: RAWLSTON
dialog: Ask the question anyway, Thompson!
dialog: Build the picture around the
dialog: question, even if you can't answer
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: I know, but -
speaker_heading: RAWLSTON
dialog: (riding over him
dialog: like any other
dialog: producer)
dialog: All we saw on that screen was a
dialog: big American -
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: One of the biggest.
speaker_heading: RAWLSTON
dialog: (without pausing
dialog: for this)
dialog: But how is he different from Ford?
dialog: Or Hearst for that matter? Or
dialog: Rockefeller - or John Doe?
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: I know people worked for Kane will
dialog: tell you - not only in the newspaper
dialog: business - look how he raised
dialog: salaries. You don't want to forget -
speaker_heading: ANOTHER VOICE
dialog: You take his labor record alone,
dialog: they ought to hang him up like a
dialog: dog.
speaker_heading: RAWLSTON
dialog: I tell you, Thompson - a man's
dialog: dying words -
speaker_heading: SOMEBODY'S VOICE
dialog: What were they?
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: SOMEBODY'S VOICE
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: Yes, Mr. Rawlston, what were Kane's
dialog: dying words?
speaker_heading: RAWLSTON
dialog: (with disgust)
dialog: Rosebud!
text: A little ripple of laughter at this, which is promptly silenced
dialog: by Rawlston.
speaker_heading: RAWLSTON
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: A VOICE
dialog: Tough guy, huh?
dialog: (derisively)
dialog: Dies calling for Rosebud!
speaker_heading: RAWLSTON
dialog: Here's a man who might have been
dialog: President. He's been loved and
dialog: hated and talked about as much as
dialog: any man in our time - but when he
dialog: comes to die, he's got something
dialog: on his mind called "Rosebud."
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: ANOTHER VOICE
dialog: A racehorse he bet on once,
dialog: probably, that didn't come in -
dialog: Rosebud!
speaker_heading: RAWLSTON
dialog: All right. But what was the race?
text: There is a short silence.
speaker_heading: RAWLSTON
dialog: Thompson!
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: RAWLSTON
dialog: Hold this thing up for a week.
dialog: Two weeks if you have to...
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: (feebly)
dialog: But don't you think if we release
dialog: it now - he's only been dead four
dialog: days it might be better than if -
speaker_heading: RAWLSTON
dialog: (decisively)
dialog: Nothing is ever better than finding
dialog: out what makes people tick. Go
dialog: after the people that knew Kane
dialog: well. That manager of his - the
dialog: little guy, Bernstein, those two
dialog: wives, all the people who knew
dialog: him, had worked for him, who loved
dialog: him, who hated his guts -
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: I don't mean go through the City
dialog: Directory, of course -
text: The Third Man gives a hearty "yes-man" laugh.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: I'll get to it right away, Mr.
dialog: Rawlston.
speaker_heading: RAWLSTON
dialog: (rising)
dialog: Good!
text: The camera from behind him, outlines his back against Kane's
text: picture on the screen.
speaker_heading: RAWLSTON'S VOICE
dialog: It'll probably turn out to be a
dialog: very simple thing...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
text: NOTE: Now begins the story proper - the seach by Thompson for
dialog: the facts about Kane - his researches ... his interviews with
dialog: the people who knew Kane.
dialog: It is important to remember always that only at the very end
text: of the story is Thompson himself a personality. Until then,
text: throughout the picture, we photograph only Thompson's back,
dialog: shoulders, or his shadow - sometimes we only record his voice.
text: He is not until the final scene a "character". He is the
text: personification of the search for the truth about Charles Foster
dialog: Kane. He is the investigator.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. CHEAP CABARET - "EL RANCHO" - ATLANTIC CITY - NIGHT -
speaker_heading: 1940 (MINIATURE) - RAIN
text: The first image to register is a sign:
speaker_heading: "EL RANCHO"
speaker_heading: FLOOR SHOW
speaker_heading: SUSAN ALEXANDER KANE
speaker_heading: TWICE NIGHTLY
text: These words, spelled out in neon, glow out of the darkness at
text: the end of the fade out. Then there is lightning which reveals
text: a squalid roof-top on which the sign stands. Thunder again,
text: and faintly the sound of music from within. A light glows
text: from a skylight. The camera moves to this and closes in.
text: Through the splashes of rain, we see through the skylight down
text: into the interior of the cabaret. Directly below us at a table
text: sits the lone figure of a woman, drinking by herself.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. "EL RANCO" CABARET - NIGHT -
text: Medium shot of the same woman as before, finishing the drink
text: she started to take above. It is Susie. The music, of course,
text: is now very loud. Thompson, his back to the camera, moves
text: into the picture in the close foreground. A Captain appears
text: behind Susie, speaking across her to Thompson.
speaker_heading: THE CAPTAIN
dialog: (a Greek)
dialog: This is Mr. Thompson, Miss
dialog: Alexander.
text: Susan looks up into Thompson's face. She is fifty, trying to
text: look much younger, cheaply blonded, in a cheap, enormously
text: generous evening dress. Blinking up into Thompson's face, she
text: throws a crink into ther mouth. Her eyes, which she thinks is
text: keeping commandingly on his, are bleared and watery.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (to the Captain)
dialog: I want another drink, John.
text: Low thunder from outside.
speaker_heading: THE CAPTAIN
dialog: (seeing his chance)
dialog: Right away. Will you have
dialog: something, Mr. Thompson?
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: (staring to sit
dialog: down)
dialog: I'll have a highball.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (so insistently as
dialog: to make Thompson
dialog: change his mind
dialog: and stand up again)
dialog: Who told you you could sit down
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Oh! I thought maybe we could have
dialog: a drink together?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Think again!
text: There is an awkward pause as Thompson looks from her to the
dialog: Captain.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Why don't you people let me alone?
dialog: I'm minding my own business. You
dialog: mind yours.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: If you'd just let me talk to you
dialog: for a little while, Miss Alexander.
dialog: All I want to ask you...
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Get out of here!
dialog: (almost hysterical)
dialog: Get out! Get out!
text: Thompson looks at the Captain, who shrugs his shoulders.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: I'm sorry. Maybe some other time -
dialog: If he thought he would get a response from Susan, who thinks
text: she is looking at him steelily, he realizes his error. He
text: nods and walks off, following the Captain out the door.
speaker_heading: THE CAPTAIN
dialog: She's just not talking to anybody
dialog: from the newspapers, Mr. Thompson.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: I'm not from a newspaper exactly,
dialog: I -
text: They have come upon a waiter standing in front of a booth.
speaker_heading: THE CAPTAIN
dialog: (to the waiter)
dialog: Get her another highball.
speaker_heading: THE WAITER
dialog: Another double?
speaker_heading: THE CAPTAIN
dialog: (after a moment,
dialog: pityingly)
dialog: Yes.
text: They walk to the door.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: She's plastered, isn't she?
speaker_heading: THE CAPTAIN
dialog: She'll snap out of it. Why, until
dialog: he died, she'd just as soon talk
dialog: about Mr. Kane as about anybody.
dialog: Sooner.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: I'll come down in a week or so and
dialog: see her again. Say, you might be
dialog: able to help me. When she used to
dialog: talk about Kane - did she ever
dialog: happen to say anything - about
dialog: Rosebud?
speaker_heading: THE CAPTAIN
dialog: Rosebud?
text: Thompson has just handed him a bill. The Captain pockets it.
speaker_heading: THE CAPTAIN
dialog: Thank you, sir. As a matter of
dialog: fact, yesterday afternoon, when it
dialog: was in all the papers - I asked
dialog: her. She never heard of Rosebud.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. THATCHER MEMORIAL LIBRARY - DAY -
text: An excruciatingly noble interpretation of Mr. Thatcher himself
text: executed in expensive marble. He is shown seated on one of
text: those improbable Edwin Booth chairs and is looking down, his
text: stone eyes fixed on the camera.
text: We move down off of this, showing the impressive pedestal on
text: which the monument is founded. The words, "Walter Parks
text: Thatcher" are prominently and elegantly engraved thereon.
text: Immediately below the inscription we encounter, in a medium
text: shot, the person of Bertha Anderson, an elderly, manish
text: spinnster, seated behind her desk. Thompson, his hat in his
text: hand, is standing before her. Bertha is on the phone.
speaker_heading: BERTHA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yes. I'll take him in now.
text: (hangs up and looks
dialog: at Thompson)
dialog: The directors of the Thatcher
dialog: Library have asked me to remind
dialog: you again of the condition under
dialog: which you may inspect certain
dialog: portions of Mr. Thatcher's
dialog: unpublished memoirs. Under no
dialog: circumstances are direct quotations
dialog: from his manuscript to be used by
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: That's all right.
speaker_heading: BERTHA
dialog: You may come with me.
text: Without watching whether he is following her or not, she rises
text: and starts towards a distant and imposingly framed door.
text: Thompson, with a bit of a sigh, follows.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
scene_heading: INT. THE VAULT ROOM - THATCHER MEMORIAL LIBRARY - DAY -
text: A room with all the warmth and charm of Napolean's tomb.
text: As we dissolve in, the door opens in and we see past Thompson's
text: shoulders the length of the room. Everything very plain, very
text: much made out of marble and very gloomy. Illumination from a
text: skylight above adds to the general air of expensive and
text: classical despair. The floor is marble, and there is a
text: gigantic, mahogany table in the center of everything. Beyond
text: this is to be seen, sunk in the marble wall at the far end of
text: the room, the safe from which a guard, in a khaki uniform,
text: with a revolver holster at his hip, is extracting the journal
text: of Walter P. Thatcher. He brings it to Bertha as if he were
text: the guardian of a bullion shipment. During this, Bertha has
dialog: been speaking.
speaker_heading: BERTHA
dialog: (to the guard)
dialog: Pages eighty-three to one hundred
dialog: and forty-two, Jennings.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Yes, Miss Anderson.
speaker_heading: BERTHA
dialog: (to Thompson)
dialog: You will confine yourself, it is
dialog: our understanding, to the chapter
text: dealing with Mr. Kane.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: That's all I'm interested in.
text: The guard has, by this time, delivered the precious journal.
text: Bertha places it reverently on the table before Thompson.
speaker_heading: BERTHA
dialog: You will be required to leave this
text: room at four-thirty promptly.
text: She leaves. Thompson starts to light a cigarette. The guard
text: shakes his head. With a sigh, Thompson bends over to read the
text: manuscript. Camera moves down over his shoulder onto page of
dialog: manuscript.
text: Manuscript, neatly and precisely written:
scene_heading: "CHARLES FOSTER KANE
text: WHEN THESE LINES APPEAR IN PRINT, FIFTY YEARS AFTER MY DEATH,
text: I AM CONFIDENT THAT THE WHOLE WORLD WILL AGREE WITH MY OPINION
text: OF CHARLES FOSTER KANE, ASSUMING THAT HE IS NOT THEN COMPLETELY
text: FORGOTTEN, WHICH I REGARD AS EXTREMELY LIKELY. A GOOD DEAL OF
text: NONSENSE HAS APPEARED ABOUT MY FIRST MEETING WITH KANE, WHEN
text: HE WAS SIX YEARS OLD... THE FACTS ARE SIMPLE. IN THE WINTER
dialog: OF 1870..."
text: The camera has not held on the entire page. It has been
text: following the words with the same action that the eye does the
text: reading. On the last words, the white page of the paper
scene_heading: DISSOLVES INTO:
scene_heading: EXT. MRS. KANE'S BOARDINGHOUSE - DAY -
text: The white of a great field of snow, seen from the angle of a
dialog: parlor window.
text: In the same position of the last word in above Insert, appears
text: the tiny figure of Charles Foster Kane, aged five (almost like
text: an animated cartoon). He is in the act of throwing a snowball
text: at the camera. It sails toward us and over our heads, out of
dialog: scene.
text: Reverse angle - on the house featuring a large sign reading:
scene_heading: MRS. KANE'S BOARDINGHOUSE
text: HIGH CLASS MEALS AND LODGING
scene_heading: INQUIRE WITHIN
text: Charles Kane's snowball hits the sign.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR - MRS. KANE'S BOARDINGHOUSE - DAY -
text: Camera is angling through the window, but the window-frame is
text: not cut into scene. We see only the field of snow again, same
text: angle as in previous scene. Charles is manufacturing another
dialog: snowball. Now -
text: Camera pulls back, the frame of the window appearing, and we
text: are inside the parlor of the boardinghouse. Mrs. Kane, aged
text: about 28, is looking out towards her son. Just as we take her
dialog: in she speaks:
speaker_heading: MRS. KANE
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Be careful, Charles!
speaker_heading: THATCHER'S VOICE
dialog: Mrs. Kane -
speaker_heading: MRS. KANE
dialog: (Calling out the
dialog: window almost on
dialog: top of this)
dialog: Pull your muffler around your neck,
dialog: Charles -
text: But Charles, deliriously happy in the snow, is oblivious to
text: this and is running away. Mrs. Kane turns into camera and we
text: see her face - a strong face, worn and kind.
speaker_heading: THATCHER'S VOICE
dialog: think we'll have to tell him now -
text: Camera now pulls back further, showing Thatcher standing before
text: a table on which is his stove-pipe hat and an imposing
text: multiplicity of official-looking documents. He is 26 and, as
text: might be expected, a very stuffy young man, already very
text: expensive and conservative looking, even in Colorado.
speaker_heading: MRS. KANE
dialog: I'll sign those papers -
speaker_heading: KANE SR.
dialog: You people seem to forget that I'm
text: the boy's father.
text: At the sound of Kane Sr.'s voice, both have turned to him and
text: the camera pulls back still further, taking him in.
text: Kane Sr., who is the assistant curator in a livery stable, has
dialog: been groomed as elegantly as is likely for this meeting ever
dialog: since daybreak.
text: From outside the window can be heard faintly the wild and
text: cheerful cries of the boy, blissfully cavorting in the snow.
speaker_heading: MRS. KANE
dialog: It's going to be done exactly the
dialog: way I've told Mr. Thatcher -
speaker_heading: KANE SR.
dialog: If I want to, I can go to court.
dialog: father has a right to -
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Mr. Kane, the certificates that
dialog: Mr. Graves left here are made out
dialog: to Mrs. Kane, in her name. Hers
dialog: to do with as she pleases -
speaker_heading: KANE SR.
dialog: Well, I don't hold with signing my
dialog: boy away to any bank as guardian
dialog: just because -
speaker_heading: MRS. KANE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I want you to stop all this
dialog: nonsense, Jim.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: The Bank's decision in all matters
dialog: concerning his education, his place
dialog: of residence and similar subjects
dialog: will be final.
dialog: (clears his throat)
speaker_heading: KANE SR.
dialog: The idea of a bank being the
dialog: guardian -
text: Mrs. Kane has met his eye. Her triumph over him finds
text: expression in his failure to finish his sentence.
speaker_heading: MRS. KANE
dialog: (even more quietly)
dialog: I want you to stop all this
dialog: nonsense, Jim.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: We will assume full management of
dialog: the Colorado Lode - of which you,
dialog: Mrs. Kane, are the sole owner.
text: Kane Sr. opens his mouth once or twice, as if to say something,
text: but chokes down his opinion.
speaker_heading: MRS. KANE
dialog: (has been reading
dialog: past Thatcher's
dialog: shoulder as he
dialog: talked)
dialog: Where do I sign, Mr. Thatcher?
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: Right here, Mrs. Kane.
speaker_heading: KANE SR.
dialog: (sulkily)
dialog: Don't say I didn't warn you.
text: Mrs. Kane lifts the quill pen.
speaker_heading: KANE SR.
dialog: Mary, I'm asking you for the last
dialog: time - anyon'd think I hadn't been
dialog: a good husband and a -
text: Mrs. Kane looks at him slowly. He stops his speech.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: The sum of fifty thousand dollars
dialog: a year is to be paid to yourself
dialog: and Mr. Kane as long as you both
dialog: live, and thereafter the survivor -
text: Mrs. Kane puts pen to the paper and signs.
speaker_heading: KANE SR.
dialog: Well, let's hope it's all for the
dialog: best.
speaker_heading: MRS. KANE
dialog: It is. Go on, Mr. Thatcher -
text: Mrs. Kane, listening to Thatcher, of course has had her other
text: ear bent in the direction of the boy's voice. Thatcher is
text: aware both of the boy's voice, which is counter to his own,
text: and of Mrs. Kane's divided attention. As he pauses, Kane Sr.
text: genteelly walks over to close the window.
scene_heading: EXT. MRS. KANE'S BOARDINGHOUSE - DAY -
text: Kane Jr., seen from Kane Sr.'s position at the window. He is
text: advancing on the snowman, snowballs in his hands, dropping to
text: one knee the better to confound his adversary.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: If the rebels want a fight boys,
dialog: let's give it to 'em!
text: He throws two snowballs, missing widely, and gets up and
text: advances another five feet before getting on his knees again.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: The terms are underconditional
dialog: surrender. Up and at 'em! The
dialog: Union forever!
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR - MRS. KANE'S BOARDINGHOUSE - DAY -
text: Kane Sr. closes the window.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: (over the boy's
dialog: voice)
dialog: Everything else - the principal as
dialog: well as all monies earned - is to
dialog: be administered by the bank in
dialog: trust for your son, Charles Foster
dialog: Kane, until his twenty-fifth
dialog: birthday, at which time he is to
text: come into complete possession.
text: Mrs. Kane rises and goes to the window.
speaker_heading: MRS. KANE
dialog: Go on, Mr. Thatcher.
text: Thatcher continues as she opens the window. His voice, as
text: before, is heard with overtones of the boy's.
scene_heading: EXT. KANE'S BOARDINGHOUSE - DAY -
text: Kane Jr., seen from Mrs. Kane's position at the window. He is
text: now within ten feet of the snowman, with one snowball left
text: which he is holding back in his right hand.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You can't lick Andy Jackson! Old
dialog: Hickory, that's me!
text: He fires his snowball, well wide of the mark and falls flat on
text: his stomach, starting to crawl carefully toward the snowman.
speaker_heading: THATCHER'S VOICE
dialog: It's nearly five, Mrs. Kane, don't
dialog: you think I'd better meet the boy -
scene_heading: INT. PARLOR - MRS. KANE'S BOARDINGHOUSE - DAY -
text: Mrs. Kane at the window. Thatcher is now standing at her side.
speaker_heading: MRS. KANE
dialog: I've got his trunk all packed -
dialog: (she chokes a little)
dialog: I've it packed for a couple of
dialog: weeks -
text: She can't say anymore. She starts for the hall day. Kane
text: Sr., ill at ease, has no idea of how to comfort her.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: I've arranged for a tutor to meet
dialog: us in Chicago. I'd have brought
dialog: him along with me, but you were so
dialog: anxious to keep everything secret -
text: He stops as he realizes that Mrs. Kane has paid no attention
text: to him and, having opened the door, is already well into the
text: hall that leads to the side door of the house. He takes a
text: look at Kane Sr., tightens his lips and follows Mrs. Kane.
text: Kane, shoulders thrown back like one who bears defeat bravely,
text: follows him.
scene_heading: EXT. MRS. KANE'S BOARDINGHOUSE - DAY -
text: Kane, in the snow-covered field. With the snowman between him
text: and the house, he is holding the sled in his hand, just about
text: to make the little run that prefaces a belly-flop. The Kane
text: house, in the background, is a dilapidated, shabby, two-story
text: frame building, with a wooden outhouse. Kane looks up as he
text: sees the single file procession, Mrs. Kane at its head, coming
text: toward him.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: H'ya, Mom.
text: Mrs. Kane smiles.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (gesturing at the
dialog: snowman)
dialog: See, Mom? I took the pipe out of
dialog: his mouth. If it keeps on snowin',
dialog: maybe I'll make some teeth and -
speaker_heading: MRS. KANE
dialog: You better come inside, son. You
dialog: and I have got to get you all ready
dialog: for - for -
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: Charles, my name is Mr. Thatcher -
speaker_heading: MRS. KANE
dialog: This is Mr. Thatcher, Charles.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: How do you do, Charles?
speaker_heading: KANE SR.
dialog: He comes from the east.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Hello. Hello, Pop.
speaker_heading: KANE SR.
dialog: Hello, Charlie!
speaker_heading: MRS. KANE
dialog: Mr. Thatcher is going to take you
dialog: on a trip with him tonight, Charles.
dialog: You'll be leaving on Number Ten.
speaker_heading: KANE SR.
dialog: That's the train with all the
dialog: lights.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You goin', Mom?
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: Your mother won't be going right
dialog: away, Charles -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Where'm I going?
speaker_heading: KANE SR.
dialog: You're going to see Chicago and
dialog: New York - and Washington, maybe...
dialog: Isn't he, Mr. Thatcher?
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: (heartily)
dialog: He certainly is. I wish I were a
dialog: little boy and going to make a
dialog: trip like that for the first time.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Why aren't you comin' with us,
dialog: Mom?
speaker_heading: MRS. KANE
dialog: We have to stay here, Charles.
speaker_heading: KANE SR.
dialog: You're going to live with Mr.
dialog: Thatcher from now on, Charlie!
dialog: You're going to be rich. Your Ma
dialog: figures - that is, re - she and I
dialog: have decided that this isn't the
dialog: place for you to grow up in.
dialog: You'll probably be the richest man
dialog: in America someday and you ought
dialog: to -
speaker_heading: MRS. KANE
dialog: You won't be lonely, Charles...
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: We're going to have a lot of good
dialog: times together, Charles... Really
dialog: we are.
text: Kane stares at him.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: Come on, Charles. Let's shake
dialog: hands.
text: (extends his hand.
dialog: Charles continues
dialog: to look at him)
dialog: Now, now! I'm not as frightening
dialog: as all that! Let's shake, what do
dialog: you say?
text: He reaches out for Charles's hand. Without a word, Charles
text: hits him in the stomach with the sled. Thatcher stumbles back
text: a few feet, gasping.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: (with a sickly grin)
dialog: You almost hurt me, Charles.
dialog: (moves towards him)
dialog: Sleds aren't to hit people with.
dialog: Sleds are to - to sleigh on. When
dialog: we get to New York, Charles, we'll
dialog: get you a sled that will -
text: He's near enough to try to put a hand on Kane's shoulder. As
text: he does, Kane kicks him in the ankle.
speaker_heading: MRS. KANE
dialog: Charles!
text: He throws himself on her, his arms around her. Slowly Mrs.
text: Kane puts her arms around him.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: Mom! Mom!
speaker_heading: MRS. KANE
dialog: It's all right, Charles, it's all
dialog: right.
text: Thatcher is looking on indignantly, occasionally bending over
text: to rub his ankle.
speaker_heading: KANE SR.
dialog: Sorry, Mr. Thatcher! What the kid
dialog: needs is a good thrashing!
speaker_heading: MRS. KANE
dialog: That's what you think, is it, Jim?
speaker_heading: KANE SR.
dialog: Yes.
text: Mrs. Kane looks slowly at Mr. Kane.
speaker_heading: MRS. KANE
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: That's why he's going to be brought
dialog: up where you can't get at him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: 1870 - NIGHT (STOCK OR MINIATURE)
text: Old-fashioned railroad wheels underneath a sleeper, spinning
text: along the track.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN - OLD-FASHIONED DRAWING ROOM - NIGHT -
text: Thatcher, with a look of mingled exasperation, annoyance,
dialog: sympathy and inability to handle the situation, is standing
text: alongside a berth, looking at Kane. Kane, his face in the
text: pillow, is crying with heartbreaking sobs.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Mom! Mom!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
text: The white page of the Thatcher manuscript. We pick up the
dialog: words:
text: "HE WAS, I REPEAT, A COMMON ADVENTURER, SPOILED, UNSCRUPULOUS,
scene_heading: IRRESPONSIBLE."
text: The words are followed by printed headline on "Enquirer" copy
dialog: (as in following scene).
scene_heading: INT. ENQUIRER CITY ROOM - DAY -
text: Close-up on printed headline which reads:
scene_heading: "ENEMY ARMADA OFF JERSEY COAST"
text: Camera pulls back to reveal Thatcher holding the "Enquirer"
text: copy, on which we read the headline. He is standing near the
text: editorial round table around which a section of the staff,
text: including Reilly, Leland and Kane are eating lunch.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Is that really your idea of how to
dialog: run a newspaper?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I don't know how to run a newspaper,
dialog: Mr. Thatcher. I just try everything
dialog: I can think of.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: (reading headline
dialog: of paper he is
dialog: still holding)
dialog: "Enemy Armada Off Jersey Coast."
dialog: You know you haven't the slightest
dialog: proof that this - this armada - is
dialog: off the Jersey Coast.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Can you prove it isn't?
text: Bernstein has come into the picture. He has a cable in his
text: hand. He stops when he sees Thatcher.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Mr. Bernstein, Mr. Thatcher -
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: How are you, Mr. Thatcher?
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: How do you do? -
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: We just had a wire from Cuba, Mr.
dialog: Kane -
dialog: (stops, embarrassed)
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: That's all right. We have no
dialog: secrets from our readers. Mr.
dialog: Thatcher is one of our most devoted
dialog: readers, Mr. Bernstein. He knows
dialog: what's wrong with every issue since
dialog: I've taken charge. What's the
dialog: cable?
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (reading)
dialog: The food is marvelous in Cuba the
dialog: senoritas are beautiful stop I
dialog: could send you prose poems of palm
dialog: trees and sunrises and tropical
text: colors blending in far off
dialog: landscapes but don't feel right in
dialog: spending your money for this stop
dialog: there's no war in Cuba regards
dialog: Wheeler.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: You see! There hasn't been a true
dialog: word -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I think we'll have to send our
dialog: friend Wheeler a cable, Mr.
dialog: Bernstein. Of course, we'll have
dialog: to make it shorter than his, because
dialog: he's working on an expense account
dialog: and we're not. Let me see -
dialog: (snaps his fingers)
dialog: Mike!
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (a fairly tough
dialog: customer prepares
dialog: to take dictation,
dialog: his mouth still
dialog: full of food)
dialog: Go ahead, Mr. Kane.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Dear Wheeler -
dialog: (pauses a moment)
dialog: You provide the prose poems - I'll
dialog: provide the war.
text: Laughter from the boys and girls at the table.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: That's fine, Mr. Kane.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I rather like it myself. Send it
dialog: right away.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Right away.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Right away.
text: Mike and Bernstein leave. Kane looks up, grinning at Thatcher,
text: who is bursting with indignation but controls himself. After
text: a moment of indecision, he decides to make one last try.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: I came to see you, Charles, about
dialog: your - about the Enquirer's campaign
dialog: against the Metropolitan Transfer
dialog: Company.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Won't you step into my office, Mr.
dialog: Thatcher?
text: They cross the City Room together.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: I think I should remind you,
dialog: Charles, of a fact you seem to
dialog: have forgotten. You are yourself
dialog: one of the largest individual
dialog: stockholders.
scene_heading: INT. KANE'S OFFICE - DAY -
text: Kane holds the door open for Thatcher. They come in together.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Mr. Thatcher, isn't everything
dialog: I've been saying in the Enquirer
dialog: about the traction trust absolutely
dialog: true?
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: They're all part of your general
dialog: attack - your senseless attack -
dialog: on everything and everybody who's
dialog: got more than ten cents in his
dialog: pocket. They're -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: The trouble is, Mr. Thatcher, you
dialog: don't realize you're talking to
dialog: two people.
text: Kane moves around behind his desk. Thatcher doesn't understand,
text: looks at him.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: As Charles Foster Kane, who has
dialog: eighty-two thousand, six hundred
dialog: and thirty-one shares of
dialog: Metropolitan Transfer - you see, I
dialog: do have a rough idea of my holdings -
dialog: I sympathize with you. Charles
dialog: Foster Kane is a dangerous
dialog: scoundrel, his paper should be run
dialog: out of town and a committee should
dialog: be formed to boycott him. You
dialog: may, if you can form such a
dialog: committee, put me down for a
dialog: contribution of one thousand
dialog: dollars.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Charles, my time is too valuable
dialog: for me -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: On the other hand -
dialog: (his manner becomes
dialog: serious)
dialog: I am the publisher of the Enquirer.
dialog: As such, it is my duty - I'll let
dialog: you in on a little secret, it is
dialog: also my pleasure - to see to it
dialog: that decent, hard-working people
dialog: of this city are not robbed blind
text: by a group of money - mad pirates
dialog: because, God help them, they have
dialog: no one to look after their
dialog: interests! I'll let you in on
dialog: another little secret, Mr. Thatcher.
dialog: I think I'm the man to do it. You
dialog: see, I have money and property -
text: Thatcher doesn't understand him.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: If I don't defend the interests of
dialog: the underprivileged, somebody else
dialog: will - maybe somebody without any
dialog: money or any property and that
dialog: would be too bad.
text: Thatcher glares at him, unable to answer. Kane starts to dance.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Do you know how to tap, Mr.
dialog: Thatcher? You ought to learn -
dialog: (humming quietly,
dialog: he continues to
dialog: dance)
text: Thatcher puts on his hat.
speaker_heading: THATCHER
dialog: I happened to see your consolidated
dialog: statement yesterday, Charles.
dialog: Could I not suggest to you that it
dialog: is unwise for you to continue this
dialog: philanthropic enterprise -
dialog: (sneeringly)
dialog: this Enquirer - that is costing
dialog: you one million dollars a year?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You're right. We did lose a million
dialog: dollars last year.
dialog: Thatcher thinks maybe the point has registered.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: We expect to lost a million next
dialog: year, too. You know, Mr. Thatcher -
dialog: (starts tapping
dialog: quietly)
dialog: at the rate of a million a year -
dialog: we'll have to close this place in
dialog: sixty years.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. THE VAULT ROOM - THATCHER MEMORIAL LIBRARY - DAY
text: Thompson - at the desk. With a gesture of annoyance, he is
text: closing the manuscript.
text: Camera arcs quickly around from over his shoulder to hold on
text: door behind him, missing his face as he rises and turns to
text: confront Miss Anderson, who has come into the room to shoo him
text: out. Very prominent on this wall is an over-sized oil painting
text: of Thatcher in the best Union League Club renaissance style.
speaker_heading: MISS ANDERSON
dialog: You have enjoyed a very rare
dialog: privilege, young man. Did you
dialog: find what you were looking for?
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: No. Tell me something, Miss
dialog: Anderson. You're not Rosebud, are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: MISS ANDERSON
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: I didn't think you were. Well,
dialog: thanks for the use of the hall.
text: He puts his hat on his head and starts out, lighting a cigarette
text: as he goes. Miss Anderson, scandalized, watches him.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. BERNSTEIN'S OFFICE - ENQUIRER SKYSCRAPER - DAY -
text: Closeup of a still of Kane, aged about sixty-five. Camera
text: pulls back, showing it is a framed photograph on the wall.
text: Over the picture are crossed American flags. Under it sits
text: Bernstein, back of his desk. Bernstein, always an undersized
text: Jew, now seems even smaller than in his youth. He is bald as
text: an egg, spry, with remarkably intense eyes. As camera continues
text: to travel back, the back of Thompson's head and his shoulders
dialog: come into the picture.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (wryly)
dialog: Who's a busy man? Me? I'm Chairman
dialog: of the Board. I got nothing but
dialog: time ... What do you want to know?
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: (still explaining)
dialog: Well, Mr. Bernstein, you were with
dialog: Mr. Kane from the very beginning -
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: From before the beginning, young
dialog: fellow. And now it's after the
dialog: end.
dialog: (turns to Thompson)
dialog: Anything you want to know about
dialog: him - about the paper -
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: - We thought maybe, if we can
dialog: find out what he meant by that
dialog: last word - as he was dying -
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: That Rosebud? Maybe some girl?
dialog: There were a lot of them back in
dialog: the early days, and -
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Not some girl he knew casually and
dialog: then remembered after fifty years,
dialog: on his death bed -
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: You're pretty young, Mr. -
dialog: (remembers the name)
dialog: Mr. Thompson. A fellow will
dialog: remember things you wouldn't think
dialog: he'd remember. You take me. One
dialog: day, back in 1896, I was crossing
text: over to Jersey on a ferry and as
dialog: we pulled out, there was another
dialog: ferry pulling in -
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: - and on it, there was a girl
text: waiting to get off. A white dress
dialog: she had on - and she was carrying
dialog: a white pastrol - and I only saw
dialog: her for one second and she didn't
dialog: see me at all - but I'll bet a
dialog: month hasn't gone by since that I
dialog: haven't thought of that girl.
dialog: (triumphantly)
dialog: See what I mean?
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Well, so what are you doing about
dialog: this "Rosebud," Mr. Thompson.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: I'm calling on people who knew Mr.
dialog: Kane. I'm calling on you.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Who else you been to see?
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Well, I went down to Atlantic City -
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Susie? I called her myself the
dialog: day after he died. I thought maybe
dialog: somebody ought to...
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: She couldn't even come to the
dialog: 'phone.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: You know why? She was so -
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Sure, sure.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: I'm going back there.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Who else did you see?
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Nobody else, but I've been through
dialog: that stuff of Walter Thatcher's.
dialog: That journal of his -
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Thatcher! That man was the biggest
dialog: darn fool I ever met -
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: He made an awful lot of money.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: It's not trick to make an awful
dialog: lot of money if all you want is to
dialog: make a lot of money.
dialog: (his eyes get
dialog: reflective)
dialog: Thatcher!
text: Bernstein looks out of the window and keeps on looking, seeming
text: to see something as he talks.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: He never knew there was anything
dialog: in the world but money. That kind
dialog: of fellow you can fool every day
dialog: in the week - and twice on Sundays!
dialog: (reflectively)
dialog: The time he came to Rome for Mr.
dialog: Kane's twenty-fifth birthday...
dialog: You know, when Mr. Kane got control
dialog: of his own
dialog: money... Such a fool like Thatcher -
dialog: I tell you, nobody's business!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
scene_heading: INT. BERNSTEIN'S OFFICE - DAY -
text: Bernstein speaking to Thompson.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: He knew what he wanted, Mr. Kane
dialog: did, and he got it! Thatcher never
dialog: did figure him out. He was hard
dialog: to figure sometimes, even for me.
dialog: Mr. Kane was a genius like he said.
dialog: He had that funny sense of humor.
dialog: Sometimes even I didn't get the
dialog: joke. Like that night the opera
dialog: house of his opened in Chicago...
dialog: You know, the opera house he built
dialog: for Susie, she should be an opera
dialog: singer...
dialog: (indicates with a
dialog: little wave of his
dialog: hand what he thinks
dialog: of that; sighing)
dialog: That was years later, of course -
dialog: 1914 it was. Mrs. Kane took the
dialog: leading part in the opera, and she
dialog: was terrible. But nobody had the
dialog: nerve to say so - not even the
dialog: critics. Mr. Kane was a big man
dialog: in those days. But this one fellow,
dialog: this friend of his, Branford Leland -
text: He leaves the sentence up in the air, as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. CITY ROOM - CHICAGO ENQUIRER - NIGHT -
text: It is late. The room is almost empty. Nobody is at work at
text: the desks. Bernstein, fifty, is waiting anxiously with a little
text: group of Kane's hirelings, most of them in evening dress with
text: overcoats and hats. Eveybody is tense and expectant.
speaker_heading: CITY EDITOR
dialog: (turns to a young
dialog: hireling; quietly)
dialog: What about Branford Leland? Has
dialog: he got in his copy?
speaker_heading: HIRELING
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Go in and ask him to hurry.
speaker_heading: CITY EDITOR
dialog: Well, why don't you, Mr. Bernstein?
dialog: You know Mr. Leland.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
text: (looks at him for a
dialog: moment; then slowly)
dialog: I might make him nervous.
speaker_heading: CITY EDITOR
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: You and Leland and Mr. Kane - you
dialog: were great friends back in the old
dialog: days, I understand.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (with a smile)
dialog: That's right. They called us the
dialog: "Three Musketeers."
text: Somebody behind Bernstein has trouble concealing his laughter.
text: The City Editor speaks quickly to cover the situation.
speaker_heading: CITY EDITOR
dialog: He's a great guy - Leland.
dialog: (another little
dialog: pause)
dialog: Why'd he ever leave New York?
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (he isn't saying)
dialog: That's a long story.
scene_heading: ANOTHER HIRELING
dialog: (a tactless one)
dialog: Wasn't there some sort of quarrel
dialog: between -
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: I had nothing to do with it.
dialog: (then, somberly)
dialog: It was Leland and Mr. Kane, and
dialog: you couldn't call it a quarrel
dialog: exactly. Better we should forget
dialog: such things -
dialog: (turning to City
dialog: Editor)
dialog: Leland is writing it up from the
dialog: dramatic angle?
speaker_heading: CITY EDITOR
dialog: Yes. I thought it was a good idea.
dialog: We've covered it from the news
dialog: end, of course.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: And the social. How about the
dialog: music notice? You got that in?
speaker_heading: CITY EDITOR
dialog: Oh, yes, it's already made up.
dialog: Our Mr. Mervin wrote a small review.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Enthusiastic?
speaker_heading: CITY EDITOR
dialog: Yes, very!
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Naturally.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Well, well - isn't that nice?
speaker_heading: KANE'S VOICE
dialog: Mr. Bernstein -
dialog: Bernstein turns.
text: Medium long shot of Kane, now forty-nine, already quite stout.
text: He is in white tie, wearing his overcoat and carrying a folded
dialog: opera hat.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Hello, Mr. Kane.
text: The Hirelings rush, with Bernstein, to Kane's side. Widespread,
text: half-suppressed sensation.
speaker_heading: CITY EDITOR
dialog: Mr. Kane, this is a surprise!
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: We've got a nice plant here.
text: Everybody falls silent. There isn't anything to say.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Was the show covered by every
dialog: department?
speaker_heading: CITY EDITOR
dialog: Exactly according to your
dialog: instructions, Mr. Kane. We've got
text: two spreads of pictures.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (very, very casually)
dialog: And the notice?
speaker_heading: CITY EDITOR
dialog: Yes - Mr. Kane.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Is it good?
speaker_heading: CITY EDITOR
dialog: Yes, Mr. kane.
text: Kane looks at him for a minute.
speaker_heading: CITY EDITOR
dialog: But there's another one still to
dialog: come - the dramatic notice.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: It isn't finished?
speaker_heading: CITY EDITOR
dialog: No, Mr. Kane.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: That's Leland, isn't it?
speaker_heading: CITY EDITOR
dialog: Yes, Mr. Kane.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Has he said when he'll finish?
speaker_heading: CITY EDITOR
dialog: We haven't heard from him.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: He used to work fast - didn't he,
dialog: Mr. Bernstein?
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: He sure did, Mr. Kane.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Where is he?
scene_heading: ANOTHER HIRELING
dialog: Right in there, Mr. Kane.
text: The Hireling indicates the closed glass door of a little office
text: at the other end of the City Room. Kane takes it in.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (helpless, but very
dialog: concerned)
speaker_heading: MR. KANE -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: That's all right, Mr. Bernstein.
text: Kane crosses the length of the long City Room to the glass
text: door indicated before by the Hireling. The City Editor looks
text: at Bernstein. Kane opens the door and goes into the office,
text: closing the door behind him.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Leland and Mr. Kane - they haven't
dialog: spoke together for ten years.
dialog: (long pause; finally)
dialog: Excuse me.
dialog: (starts toward the
dialog: door)
scene_heading: INT. LELAND'S OFFICE - CHICAGO ENQUIRER - NIGHT -
text: Bernstein comes in. An empty bottle is standing on Leland's
text: desk. He has fallen over his typewriter, his face on the keys.
text: A sheet of paper is in the machine. A paragraph has been typed.
text: Kane is standing at the other side of the desk looking down on
text: him. This is the first time we see murder in Kane's face.
text: Bernstein looks at Kane, then crosses to Leland. He shakes
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Hey, Brad! Brad!
dialog: (he straightens,
text: looks at Kane;
dialog: pause)
dialog: He ain't been drinking before, Mr.
dialog: Kane. Never. We would have heard.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (finally; after a
dialog: pause)
dialog: What does it say there?
text: Bernstein stares at him.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: What's he written?
text: Bernstein looks over nearsightedly, painfully reading the
text: paragraph written on the page.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (reading)
dialog: "Miss Susan Alexander, a pretty
dialog: but hopelessly incompetent amateur -
dialog: (he waits for a
dialog: minute to catch
dialog: his breath; he
dialog: doesn't like it)
dialog: - last night opened the new Chicago
dialog: Opera House in a performance of -
dialog: of -"
dialog: (looks up miserably)
dialog: I can't pronounce that name, Mr.
dialog: Kane.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Thais.
text: Bernstein looks at Kane for a moment, then looks back, tortured.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (reading again)
dialog: "Her singing, happily, is no concern
dialog: of this department. Of her acting,
dialog: it is absolutely impossible to..."
dialog: (he continues to
dialog: stare at the page)
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (after a short
dialog: silence)
dialog: Go on!
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (without looking up)
dialog: That's all there is.
text: Kane snatches the paper from the roller and reads it for
text: himself. Slowly, a queer look comes over his face. Then he
text: speaks, very quietly.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Of her acting, it is absolutely
dialog: impossible to say anything except
dialog: that it represents a new low...
dialog: (then sharply)
dialog: Have you got that, Mr. Bernstein?
dialog: In the opinion of this reviewer -
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (miserably)
dialog: I didn't see that.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: It isn't here, Mr. Bernstein. I'm
text: dictating it.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: I can't take shorthand.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Get me a typewriter. I'll finish
dialog: the notice.
text: Bernstein retreats from the room.
scene_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE OUT:
scene_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE IN:
scene_heading: INT. LELAND'S OFFICE - CHICAGO ENQUIRER - NIGHT -
text: Long shot of Kane in his shirt sleeves, illuminated by a desk
text: light, typing furiously. As the camera starts to pull even
text: farther away from this, and as Bernstein - as narrator - begins
dialog: to speak -
speaker_heading: QUICK DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. BERNSTEIN'S OFFICE - DAY -
text: Bernstein speaking to Thompson.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: He finished it. He wrote the worst
dialog: notice I ever read about the girl
dialog: he loved. We ran it in every paper.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: I guess Mr. Kane didn't think so
dialog: well of Susie's art anyway.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
text: (looks at him very
dialog: soberly)
dialog: He thought she was great, Mr.
dialog: Thompson. He really believed that.
dialog: He put all his ambition on that
dialog: girl. After she came along, he
dialog: never really cared for himself
dialog: like he used to. Oh, I don't
dialog: blame Susie -
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Well, then, how could he write
dialog: that roast? The notices in the
dialog: Kane papers were always very kind
dialog: to her.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Oh, yes. He saw to that. I tell
dialog: you, Mr. Thompson, he was a hard
dialog: man to figure out. He had that
dialog: funny sense of humor. And then,
dialog: too, maybe he thought by finishing
dialog: that piece he could show Leland he
dialog: was an honest man. You see, Leland
dialog: didn't think so. I guess he showed
dialog: him all right. He's a nice fellow,
dialog: but he's a dreamer. They were
dialog: always together in those early
dialog: days when we just started the
dialog: Enquirer.
dialog: On these last words, we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. CITY ROOM - ENQUIRER BUILDING - DAY -
text: The front half of the second floor constitutes one large City
text: Room. Despite the brilliant sunshine outside, very little of
text: it is actually getting into the room because the windows are
text: small and narrow. There are about a dozen tables and desks,
text: of the old-fashioned type, not flat, available for reporters.
text: Two tables, on a raised platform at the end of the room,
text: obviously serve the city room executives. To the left of the
text: platform is an open door which leads into the Sanctrum.
text: As Kane and Leland enter the room, an elderly, stout gent on
text: the raised platform, strikes a bell and the other eight
text: occupants of the room - all men - rise and face the new
text: arrivals. Carter, the elderly gent, in formal clothes, rises
text: and starts toward them.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Welcome, Mr. Kane, to the
dialog: "Enquirer." I am Herbert Carter.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Thank you, Mr Carter. This is Mr.
dialog: Leland.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: (bowing)
dialog: How do you do, Mr. Leland?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (pointing to the
dialog: standing reporters)
dialog: Are they standing for me?
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: I thought it would be a nice gesture
dialog: the new publisher -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Ask them to sit down.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: You may resume your work, gentlemen.
dialog: (to Kane)
dialog: I didn't know your plans and so I
dialog: was unable to make any preparations.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I don't my plans myself.
text: They are following Carter to his raised platform.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: As a matter of fact, I haven't got
dialog: any. Except to get out a newspaper.
text: There is a terrific crash at the doorway. They all turn to
text: see Bernstein sprawled at the entrance. A roll of bedding, a
text: suitcase, and two framed pictures were too much for him.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Oh, Mr. Bernstein!
text: Bernstein looks up.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: If you would come here a moment,
dialog: please, Mr. Bernstein?
text: Bernstein rises and comes over, tidying himself as he comes.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Mr. Carter, this is Mr. Bernstein.
dialog: Mr. Bernstein is my general manager.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: (frigidly)
dialog: How do you do, Mr. Bernstein?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You've got a private office here,
dialog: haven't you?
text: The delivery wagon driver has now appeared in the entrance
text: with parts of the bedstead and other furniture. He is looking
text: about, a bit bewildered.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: (indicating open
dialog: door to left of
dialog: platform)
dialog: My little sanctum is at your
dialog: disposal. But I don't think I
dialog: understand -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I'm going to live right here.
dialog: (reflectively)
dialog: As long as I have to.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: But a morning newspaper, Mr. Kane.
dialog: After all, we're practically closed
dialog: twelve hours a day - except for
dialog: the business offices -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: That's one of the things I think
dialog: must be changed, Mr. Carter. The
text: news goes on for twenty-four hours
dialog: a day.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. KANE'S OFFICE - LATE DAY -
text: Kane, in his shirt sleeves, at a roll-top desk in the Sanctum,
text: is working feverishly on copy and eating a very sizeable meal
text: at the same time. Carter, still formally coated, is seated
text: alongside him. Leland, seated in a corner, is looking on,
text: detached, amused. The furniture has been pushed around and
text: Kane's effects are somewhat in place. On a corner of the desk,
text: Bernstein is writing down figures. No one pays any attention
dialog: to him.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I'm not criticizing, Mr. Carter,
dialog: but here's what I mean. There's a
dialog: front page story in the "Chronicle,"
dialog: (points to it)
text: and a picture - of a woman in
dialog: Brooklyn who is missing. Probably
dialog: murdered.
dialog: (looks to make sure
dialog: of the name)
dialog: A Mrs. Harry Silverstone. Why
dialog: didn't the "Enquirer" have that
dialog: this morning?
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: (stiffly)
dialog: Because we're running a newspaper,
dialog: Mr. Kane, not a scandal sheet.
text: Kane has finished eating. He pushes away his plates.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I'm still hungry, Brad. Let's go
dialog: to Rector's and get something
dialog: decent.
dialog: (pointing to the
dialog: "Chronicle" before
dialog: him)
text: The "Chronicle" has a two-column
dialog: headline, Mr. Carter. Why haven't
dialog: we?
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: There is no news big enough.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: If the headline is big enough, it
dialog: makes the new big enough. The
dialog: murder of Mrs. Harry Silverstone -
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: (hotly)
dialog: As a matter of fact, we sent a man
dialog: to the Silverstone home yesterday
dialog: afternoon.
dialog: (triumphantly)
dialog: Our man even arrived before the
dialog: "Chronicle" reporter. And there's
dialog: no proof that the woman was murdered -
text: or even that she's dead.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (smiling a bit)
dialog: The "Chronicle" doesn't say she's
dialog: murdered, Mr. Carter. It says the
text: neighbors are getting suspicious.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: (stiffly)
dialog: It's not our function to report
dialog: the gossip of housewives. If we
dialog: were interested in that kind of
dialog: thing, Mr. Kane, we could fill the
dialog: paper twice over daily -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: That's the kind of thing we are
dialog: going to be interested in from now
dialog: on, Mr. Carter. Right now, I wish
dialog: you'd send your best man up to see
dialog: Mr. Silverstone. Have him tell
dialog: Mr. Silverstone if he doesn't
dialog: produce his wife at once, the
dialog: "Enquirer" will have him arrested.
dialog: (he gets an idea)
dialog: Have him tell Mr. Silverstone he's
text: a detective from the Central Office.
dialog: If Mr. Silverstone asks to see his
dialog: badge, your man is to get indignant
dialog: and call Mr. Silverstone an
dialog: anarchist.
text: Loudly, so that the neighbors can hear.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: Really, Mr. Kane, I can't see the
dialog: function of a respectable newspaper -
text: Kane isn't listening to him.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Oh, Mr. Bernstein!
text: Bernstein looks up from his figures.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I've just made a shocking discovery.
text: The "Enquirer" is without a
dialog: telephone. Have two installed at
dialog: once!
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: I ordered six already this morning!
dialog: Got a discount!
text: Kane looks at Leland with a fond nod of his head at Bernstein.
text: Leland grins back. Mr. Carter, meantime, has risen stiffly.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: But, Mr. Kane -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: That'll be all today, Mr. Carter.
dialog: You've been most understanding.
dialog: Good day, Mr. Carter!
text: Carter, with a look that runs just short of apoplexy, leaves
text: the room, closing the door behind him.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Poor Mr. Carter!
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: What makes those fellows think
dialog: that a newspaper is something rigid,
dialog: something inflexible, that people
dialog: are supposed to pay two cents for -
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (without looking up)
dialog: Three cents.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: Two cents.
text: Bernstein lifts his head and looks at Kane. Kane gazes back
text: at him.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (tapping on the
dialog: paper)
dialog: This is all figured at three cents
dialog: a copy.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Re-figure it, Mr. Bernstein, at
dialog: two cents.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (sighs and puts
dialog: papers in his pocket)
dialog: All right, but I'll keep these
text: figures, too, just in case.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Ready for dinner, Brad?
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Mr. Leland, if Mr. Kane, he should
dialog: decide to drop the price to one
dialog: cent, or maybe even he should make
dialog: up his mind to give the paper away
dialog: with a half-pound of tea - you'll
dialog: just hold him until I get back,
dialog: won't you?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: I'm not guaranteeing a thing, Mr.
dialog: Bernstein. You people work too
dialog: fast for me! Talk about new brooms!
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Who said anything about brooms?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: It's a saying, Mr. Bernstein. A
text: new broom sweeps clean.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Oh!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT.PRIMITIVE COMPOSING AND PRESSROOM - NEW YORK ENQUIRER -
speaker_heading: NIGHT -
dialog: The ground floor witht he windows on the street - of the
text: "Enquirer." It is almost midnight by an old-fashioned clock
text: on the wall. Grouped around a large table, on which are several
dialog: locked forms of type, very old-fashioned of course, but true
text: to the period - are Kane and Leland in elegant evening clothes,
text: Bernstein, unchanged from the afternoon, and Smathers, the
text: composing room foreman, nervous and harassed.
speaker_heading: SMATHERS
dialog: But it's impossible, Mr. Kane. We
dialog: can't remake these pages.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: These pages aren't made up as I
dialog: want them, Mr. Smathers. We go to
dialog: press in five minutes.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: (about to crack up)
text: The "Enquirer" has an old and
dialog: honored tradition, Mr. Kane...
dialog: The "Enquirer" is not in competition
dialog: with those other rags.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: We should be publishing such rags,
dialog: that's all I wish. Why, the
dialog: "Enquirer" - I wouldn't wrap up
dialog: the liver for the cat in the
dialog: "Enquirer" -
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: (enraged)
dialog: Mr. Kane, I must ask you to see to
dialog: it that this - this person learns
dialog: to control his tongue.
text: Kane looks up.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: I've been a newspaperman my whole
dialog: life and I don't intend -
text: (he starts to sputter)
dialog: - if it's your intention that I
dialog: should continue to be harassed by
dialog: this - this -
dialog: (he's really sore)
dialog: I warn you, Mr. Kane, it would go
dialog: against my grain to desert you
dialog: when you need me so badly - but I
dialog: would feel obliged to ask that my
dialog: resignation be accepted.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: It is accepted, Mr. Carter, with
dialog: assurances of my deepest regard.
speaker_heading: CARTER
dialog: But Mr. Kane, I meant -
text: Kane turns his back on him, speaks again to the composing room
dialog: foreman.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Let's remake these pages, Mr.
dialog: Smathers. We'll have to publish a
dialog: half hour late, that's all.
speaker_heading: SMATHERS
dialog: (as though Kane
dialog: were talking Greek)
dialog: We can't remake them, Mr. Kane.
dialog: We go to press in five minutes.
text: Kane sighs, unperturbed, as he reaches out his hand and shoves
text: the forms off the table onto the floor, where they scatter
text: into hundreds of bits.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You can remake them now, can't
dialog: you, Mr. Smathers?
text: Smather's mouth opens wider and wider. Bradford and Bernstein
text: are grinning.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: After the types 've been reset and
dialog: the pages have been remade according
dialog: to the way I told you before, Mr.
dialog: Smathers, kindly have proofs pulled
dialog: and bring them to me. Then, if I
dialog: can't find any way to improve them
dialog: again -
dialog: (almost as if
dialog: reluctantly)
dialog: - I suppose we'll have to go to
dialog: press.
text: He starts out of the room, followed by Leland.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (to Smathers)
dialog: In case you don't understand, Mr.
text: Smathers - he's a new broom.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK STREET - VERY EARLY DAWN -
text: The picture is mainly occupied by a large building, on the
text: roof of which the lights spell out the word "Enquirer" against
text: the sunrise. We do not see the street or the first few stories
dialog: of this building, the windows of which would be certainly
text: illuminated. What we do see is the floor on which is located
text: the City Room. Over this scene, newboys are heard selling the
text: Chronicle, their voices growing in volume.
text: As the dissolve complete itself, camera moves toward the one
text: lighted window - the window of the Sanctrum.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. KANE'S OFFICE - VERY EARLY DAWN -
text: The newsboys are still heard from the street below - fainter
dialog: but very insistent.
text: Kane's office is gas-lit, of course, as is the rest of the
text: Enquirer building.
text: Kane, in his shirt sleeves, stands at the open window looking
text: out. The bed is already made up. On it is seated Bernstein,
text: smoking the end of a cigar. Leland is in a chair.
speaker_heading: NEWSBOYS' VOICES
scene_heading: CHRONICLE! CHRONICLE! H'YA - THE
scene_heading: CHRONICLE - GET YA! CHRONICLE!
text: Kane, taking a deep breath of the morning air, closes the window
text: and turns to the others. The voices of the newsboys, naturally,
dialog: are very much fainter after this.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: We'll be on the street soon, Charlie -
dialog: another ten minutes.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (looking at his
dialog: watch)
dialog: It's three hours and fifty minutes
dialog: late - but we did it -
text: Leland rises from the chair, stretching painfully.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Tired?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: It's been a tough day.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: A wasted day.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: Wasted?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (incredulously)
dialog: Charlie?!
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: You just made the paper over four
dialog: times today, Mr. Kane. That's all -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I've changed the front page a
dialog: little, Mr. Bernstein. That's not
dialog: enough - There's something I've
dialog: got to get into this paper besides
dialog: pictures and print - I've got to
dialog: make the "New York Enquirer" as
dialog: important to New York as the gas
dialog: in that light.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: What're you going to do, Charlie?
text: Kane looks at him for a minute with a queer smile of happy
dialog: concentration.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: My Declaration of Principles -
dialog: (he says it with
dialog: quotes around it)
dialog: Don't smile, Brad -
dialog: (getting the idea)
dialog: Take dictation, Mr. Bernstein -
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Can't take shorthand, Mr. Kane -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I'll write it myself.
text: Kane grabs a piece of rough paper and a grease crayon. Sitting
text: down on the bed next to Bernstein, he starts to write.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (looking over his
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: You don't wanta make any promises,
dialog: Mr. Kane, you don't wanta keep.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (as he writes)
dialog: These'll be kept.
dialog: (stops for a minute
dialog: and reads what he
dialog: has written; reading)
dialog: I'll provide the people of this
dialog: city with a daily paper that will
dialog: tell all the news honestly.
dialog: (starts to write
dialog: again; reading as
dialog: he writes)
dialog: will also provide them -
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: That's the second sentence you've
dialog: started with "I" -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: People are going to know who's
dialog: responsible. And they're going to
dialog: get the news - the true news -
dialog: quickly and simply and
dialog: entertainingly.
dialog: (he speaks with
dialog: real conviction)
dialog: And no special interests will be
dialog: allowed to interfere with the truth
dialog: of that news.
text: He looks at Leland for a minute and goes back to his writing,
text: reading as he writes.
text: Bernstein has risen and crossed to one side of Kane. They
text: both stand looking out. Leland joins him on the other side.
text: Their three heads are silhouetted against the sky. Leland's
text: head is seen to turn slightly as he looks into Kane's face -
text: camera very close on this - Kane turns to him and we know their
text: eyes have met, although their faces are almost in sillhouette.
text: Bernstein is still smoking a cigar.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: Front page of the "Enquirer" shows big boxed editorial with
dialog: heading:
scene_heading: MY PRINCIPLES - A DECLARATION BY CHARLES FOSTER KANE
text: Camera continues pulling back and shows newspaper to be on the
text: top of a pile of newspapers. As we draw further back, we see
text: four piles, and as camera contines to pull back, we see six
text: piles and go on back until we see a big field of "Enquirers" -
text: piles of "Enquirers" - all 26,000 copies ready for distribution.
text: A wagon with a huge sign on its side reading
scene_heading: "ENQUIRER - CIRCULATION 26,000"
dialog: passes through foreground, and we wipe to:
text: A pile of "Enquirers" for sale on a broken down wooden box on
text: a street corner, obviously a poor district. A couple of coins
text: fall on the pile.
text: The stoop of a period door with old-fashioned enamel milk can
text: and a bag of rolls. Across the sidewalk before this, moves
text: the shadow of an old-fashioned bicycle with an enormous front
text: wheel. A copy of the "Enquirer" is tossed on the stoop.
text: A breakfast table - beautiful linen and beautiful silver -
text: everything very expensive, gleaming in the sunshine. Into a
text: silver newspaper rack there is slipped a copy of the "Enquirer".
text: Here, as before, the boxed editorial reading MY PRINCIPLES - A
text: DECLARATION BY CHARLES FOSTER KANE, is very prominent on the
dialog: front page.
text: The wooden floor of a railroad station, flashing light and
text: dark as a train behind the camera rushes by. On the floor,
text: there is tossed a bound bundle of the "New York Enquirer" -
text: the Declaration of Principles still prominent.
text: Rural Delivery - a copy of the "Enquirer"s being put into bins,
dialog: showing state distribution.
text: The railroad platform again. We stay here for four images.
text: On each image, the speed of the train is faster and the piles
text: of the "Enquirer" are larger. On the first image, we move in
text: to hold on the words "CIRCULATION - 31,000." We are this close
text: for the next pile which reads 40,000; the next one which reads
text: 55,000, and the last which is 62,000. In each instance, the
text: bundles of newspapers are thicker and the speed of the moving
text: train behind the camera is increased.
text: The entire montage above indicated is accompanied by a
text: descriptive complement of sound - the traffic noises of New
text: York in the 1890's; wheels on cobblestones and horses' hooves;
text: bicycle bells; the mooning of cattle and the crowing of roosters
dialog: (in the RFD shot), and in all cases where the railroad platform
text: is used - the mounting sound of the railroad train.
text: The last figure "62,000" opposite the word "CIRCULATION" on
text: the "Enquirer" masthead changes to:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET AND CHRONICLE BUIDING - DAY -
text: Angle up to wall of building - a painter on a cradle is putting
text: the last zero to the figure "62,000" on an enormous sign
text: advertising the "Enquirer." It reads:
scene_heading: THE ENQUIRER THE PEOPLE'S NEWSPAPER CIRCULATION 62,000
text: Camera travels down side of building - takes in another building
text: on which there is a sign which reads:
scene_heading: READ THE ENQUIRER AMERICA'S FINEST CIRCULATION 62,000
text: Camera continues to travel down to sidewalk in front of the
text: Chronicle office. The Chronicle office has a plateglass window
text: in which is reflected traffic moving up and down the street,
text: also the figures of Kane, Leland and Bernstein, who are munching
dialog: peanuts.
text: Inside the window, almost filling it, is a large photograph of
text: the "Chronicle" staff, with Reilly prominently seated in the
text: center. A sign over the photo reads: EDITORIAL AND EXECUTIVE
text: STAFF OF THE NEW YORK CHRONICLE. A sign beneath it reads:
text: GREATEST NEWSPAPER STAFF IN THE WORLD. The sign also includes
text: the "Chronicle" circulation figure. There are nine men in the
dialog: photo.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (looking up at the
dialog: sign - happily)
dialog: Sixty-two thousand -
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: That looks pretty nice.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (indicating the
dialog: Chronicle Building)
dialog: Let's hope they like it there.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: From the Chronicle Building that
dialog: sign is the biggest thing you can
dialog: see - every floor guaranteed -
dialog: let's hope it bothers them - it
dialog: cost us enough.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (pointing to the
dialog: sign over the
dialog: photograph in the
dialog: window)
dialog: Look at that.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: The "Chronicle" is a good newspaper.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: It's a good idea for a newspaper.
dialog: (reading the figures)
dialog: Four hundred sixy thousand.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Say, with them fellows -
dialog: (referring to the
dialog: photo)
dialog: - it's no trick to get circulation.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You're right, Mr. Bernstein.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: You know how long it took the
dialog: "Chronicle" to get that staff
dialog: together? Twenty years.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I know.
text: Kane, smiling, lights a cigarette, at the same time looking
text: into the window. Camera moves in to hold on the photograph of
text: nine men, still holding the reflection of Kane's smiling face.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. CITY ROOM - THE ENQUIRER - NIGHT -
text: Nine men, arrayed as in the photograph, but with Kane beaming
text: in the center of the first row. The men, variously with
text: mustaches, beards, bald heads, etc. are easily identified as
text: being the same men, Reilly prominent amongst them.
text: As camera pulls back, it is revealed that they are being
text: photographed - by an old-type professional photographer, big
text: box, black hood and all - in a corner of the room. It is 1:30
text: at night. Desks, etc. have been pushed against the wall.
text: Running down the center of the room is a long banquet table,
text: at which twenty diners have finished their meals. The eleven
text: remaining at their seats - these include Bernstein and Leland -
text: are amusedly watching the photographic ceremonies.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: That's all. Thank you.
text: The photographic subjects rise.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (a sudden thought)
dialog: Make up an extra copy and mail it
dialog: to the "Chronicle."
text: Chuckling and beaming, he makes his way to his place at the
text: head of the table. The others have already sat down. Kane
text: gets his guests' attention by rapping on the table with a knife.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Gentlemen of the "Enquirer"! This
dialog: has, I think, been a fitting welcome
dialog: to those distinguished journalists -
dialog: (indicates the eight
dialog: men)
dialog: Mr. Reilly in particular - who are
dialog: the latest additions to our ranks.
dialog: It will make them happy to learn
dialog: that the "Enquirer's" circulation
dialog: this morning passed the two hundred
dialog: thousand mark.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Two hundred and one thousand, six
dialog: hundred and forty-seven.
dialog: General applause.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: All of you - new and old - You're
dialog: all getting the best salaries in
dialog: town. Not one of you has been
dialog: hired because of his loyalty.
dialog: It's your talent I'm interested
dialog: in. That talent that's going to
dialog: make the "Enquirer" the kind of
dialog: paper I want - the best newspaper
dialog: in the world!
dialog: Applause.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: However, I think you'll agree we've
dialog: heard enough about newspapers and
dialog: the newspaper business for one
dialog: night. There are other subjects
dialog: in the world.
text: He puts his two fingers in his mouth and lets out a shrill
text: whistle. This is a signal. A band strikes up a lively ditty
text: of the period and enters in advance a regiment of very
text: magnificent maidens, as daringly arrayed as possible in the
dialog: chorus costumes of the day. The rest of this episode will be
text: planned and staged later. Its essence is that Kane is just a
text: healthy and happy young man having a wonderful time.
text: As some of the girls are detached from the line and made into
dialog: partners for individual dancing -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
scene_heading: THE "ENQUIRER" SIGN: THE ENQUIRER AMERICA'S FINEST
speaker_heading: CIRCULATION 274,321
text: Dissolve just completes itself - the image of Kane dancing
text: with a girl on each arm just disappears as camera pans down
text: off the Temple Bldg. in the same action as the previous street
text: scene. There is a new sign on the side of the building below.
dialog: It reads:
text: READ THE ENQUIRER GREATEST STAFF IN THE WORLD
text: Camera continues panning as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: A montage of various scenes, between the years 1891-1900.
text: The scenes indicate the growth of the "Enquirer" under the
text: impulse of Kane's personal drive. Kane is shown, thus, at
dialog: various activities:
text: Move down from the sign: READ THE ENQUIRER GREATEST STAFF IN
text: THE WORLD to street in front of saloon with parade passing
text: (boys going off to the Spanish-American War)- A torchlight
text: parade with the torches reflected in the glass window of the
text: saloon - the sound of brass band playing "It's a Hot Time."
text: In the window of the saloon is a large sign or poster "REMEMBER
speaker_heading: THE MAINE"
text: INSERT: Remington drawing of American boys, similar to the
text: parade above, in which "Our Boys" in the expeditionary hats
text: are seen marching off to war.
text: Back of observation car. Shot of Kane congratulating Teddy
dialog: Roosevelt (the same shot as in the News Digest - without
dialog: flickering).
text: The wooden floor of the railroad platform again - a bundle of
text: "Enquirers" - this time an enormous bundle - is thrown down,
text: and the moving shadows of the train behind the camera indicate
text: that it is going like a bat out of hell. A reproduction of
text: Kane and Teddy shaking hands as above is very prominent in the
text: frame and almost hogs the entire front page. The headline
dialog: indicates the surrender of Cuba.
scene_heading: INT. ENQUIRER OFFICE
dialog: Cartoon, highly dramatic and very involved as to content -
text: lousy with captions, labels, and symbolic figures, the most
text: gruesome and recognizable - "Capitalistic Greed." This cartoon
text: is almost finished and is on a drawing board before which stand
text: Kane and the artist himself. Kane is grinning over some
dialog: suggestion he has made.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: The cartoon finished and reproduced on the editorial page of
text: the "Enquirer" - in quite close, with an editorial and several
text: faces of caps shown underneath. The entire newspaper is crushed
text: with an angry gesture and thrown down into an expensive-looking
dialog: wastebasket (which is primarily for ticker tape) tape is
dialog: pouring.
scene_heading: INT. ENQUIRER OFFICE
text: Cartoonist and Kane working on comic strip of "Johnny the Monk."
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: Floor of room - Two kids on floor, with newspaper spread out,
text: looking at the same comic strip.
text: Kane's photographic gallery with photographers, stooges, and
text: Kane himself in attendance on a very hot-looking item of the
text: period. A sob sister is interviewing this hot number and Kane
text: is arranging her dress to look more seductive.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
text: The hot number reproduced and prominently displayed and covering
text: almost half a page of the "Enquirer." It is being read in a
text: barber shop and is seen in an over-shoulder shot of the man
text: who is reading it. He is getting a shine, a manicure, and a
text: haircut. The sob-sister caption over the photograph reveals:
text: "I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT I WAS DOING, SAYS DANCER. EVERYTHING WENT
text: RED." An oval photograph of the gun is included in the lay-
text: out of the pretty lady with a headline which says: "DEATH GUN."
scene_heading: STREET - SHOT OF BUCKET BRIGADE
text: Shot of Kane, in evening clothes, in obvious position of danger,
text: grabbing camera from photographer. Before him rages a terrific
text: tenement fire.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
dialog: INSERT: Headline about inadequacy of present fire equipment.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: Final shot of a new horse-drawn steam engine roaring around a
dialog: street corner (Stock).
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: A black pattern of iron bars. We are in a prison cell. The
text: door is opened and a condemned man, with priest, warden and
text: the usual attendants, moves into foreground and starts up the
text: hall past a group which includes phtographers, Kane's sob-
text: sister, and Kane. The photographers take pictures with a mighty
text: flash of old-fashioned flash powder. The condemned man in the
text: foreground (in silhouette) is startled by this.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: A copy of the "Enquirer" spread out on a table. A big lay-out
text: of the execution story includes the killer as photographed by
text: Kane's photographers, and nearby on the other page there is a
text: large picture of the new steam fire engine (made from the stock
text: shot) with a headline indicating that the "Enquirer" has won
text: its campaign for better equipment. A cup of coffee and a
text: doughnut are on the newspaper, and a servant girl - over whose
text: shoulder we see the paper - is stirring the coffee.
text: The Beaux Art Ball. A number of elderly swells are jammed
text: into a hallway. Servants suddenly divest them of their furs,
text: overcoats and wraps, revealing them to be in fancy dress
dialog: costume, pink fleshings, etc., the effect to be very surprising,
dialog: very lavish and very very ridiculous. We see, among others,
text: Mr. Thatcher himself (as Ben Hur) ribbon around, his bald head
text: and all. At the conclusion of this tableau, the image freezes
text: and we pull back to show it reproduced on the society page of
dialog: the "New York Enquirer."
text: Over the "Enquirer"'s pictorial version of the Beaux Art Ball
text: is thrown a huge fish - then coffee grounds - altogether a
dialog: pretty repulsive sight.
text: The whole thing is bundled up and thrown into a garbage can.
text: Extreme close-up of the words: "OCCUPATION - JOUNALIST."
text: Camera pulls back to show passport open to the photograph page
text: which shows Kane, registering birth, race, and nationality.
text: Passport cover is closed, showing it to be an American passport.
scene_heading: EXT. CUNARD DOCKS - GANGPLANK AND DECK OF BOAT - NIGHT -
text: As camera pulls back over shoulder of official, taking in Kane,
text: Leland, and Bernstein, we see the bustle and noise of departing
text: ocean liner. Behind the principles can be seen an enormous
text: plain sign which reads: "FIRST CLASS." From offstage can be
text: heard the steward's cry, indispensable in any Mercury
text: production, the old familiar cry, "All Ashore That's Going
text: Ashore!" - gongs, also blasts of the great whistle and all the
dialog: rest of it.
speaker_heading: THE OFFICIAL
dialog: There you are, Mr. Kane. Everything
dialog: in order.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Thank you.
text: Kane and Leland and Bernstein start up the gangplank.
speaker_heading: THE OFFICIAL
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Have a good rest, Mr. Kane.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: But please, Mr. Kane, don't buy
dialog: any more paintings. Nine Venuses
dialog: already we got, twenty-six Virgins -
dialog: two whole warehouses full of stuff -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I promise not to bring any more
dialog: Venuses and not to worry - and not
dialog: to try to get in touch with any of
dialog: the papers -
speaker_heading: STEWARD'S VOICE
dialog: All ashore!
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: - and to forget about the new
dialog: feature sections - and not to try
dialog: to think up and ideas for comic
dialog: sections.
speaker_heading: STEWARD'S VOICE
dialog: All ashore that's going ashore!
text: Kane leaves Leland and Bernstein midway up gangplank, as he
text: rushes up to it, calling back with a wave:
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Goodbye, gents!
text: (at the top of the
dialog: gangplank, he turns
dialog: and calls down)
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (calling down to
dialog: them)
dialog: You don't expect me to keep any of
dialog: those promises, do you?
text: A band on deck strikes up "Auld Lang Syne." Bernstein and
text: Leland turn to each other.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Do you, Mr. Leland?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Certainly not.
text: They start down the gangplank together.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: LONG SHOT OF THE ENQUIRER BUILDING - NIGHT
text: The pattern of telegraph wires, dripping with rain, through
text: which we see the same old building but now rendered fairly
text: remarkable by tremendous outline sign in gold which reads "THE
text: NEW YORK DAILY ENQUIRER." A couple of lights show in the
text: building. We start toward the window where the lights show,
dialog: as we -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSIDE THE WINDOW AT BERNSTEIN'S DESK - NIGHT
text: The light in the window in the former shot was showing behind
text: the letter "E" of the Enquirer sign. Now the letter "E" is
text: even larger than the frame of the camera. Rain drips
text: disconsolately off the middle part of the figure. We see
text: through this and through the drizzle of the window to
text: Bernstein's desk where he sits working under a blue shaded
dialog: light.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
text: Same setup as before except that it is now late afternoon and
text: late in the winter of the year. The outline "E" is hung with
text: icicles which are melting, dripping despairingly between us
text: and Mr. Bernstein, still seated at his desk - still working.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: Same setup as before except that it is spring. Instead of the
text: sad sounds of dripping rain or dripping icicles, we hear the
text: melancholy cry of a hurdy-gurdy in the street below. It is
text: spring and through the letter "E" we can see Bernstein working
text: at his desk. Pigeons are gathering on the "E" and on the sill.
text: Bernstein looks up and sees them. He takes some crumbs from
text: his little homemade lunch which is spread out on the desk before
text: him, carries them to the windows and feeds the pigeons, looking
text: moodily out on the prospect of spring on Park Row. The birds
text: eat the crumbs - the hurdy-gurdy continues to play.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: The same setup again, it is now summer. The window was half-
text: open before .. now it's open all the way and Bernstein has
text: gone so far as to take off his coat. His shirt and his
text: celluloid collar are wringing wet. Camera moves toward the
text: window to tighten on Bernstein and to take in the City Room
text: behind him, which is absolutely deserted. It is clear that
text: there is almost nothing more for Bernstein to do. The hurdy-
text: gurdy in the street is playing as before, but a new tune.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: A beach on Coney Island.
text: Bernstein in a rented period bathing suit sits alone in the
text: sand, reading a copy of the "Enquirer."
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
scene_heading: INT. CITY ROOM - ENQUIRER BUILDING - DAY -
text: The whole floor is now a City Room. It is twice its former
text: size, yet not too large for all the desks and the people using
text: them. The windows have been enlarged, providing a good deal
text: more light and air. A wall calendar says September 9th.
text: Kane and Bernstein enter and stand in the entrance a moment.
text: Kane, who really did look a bit peaked before, is now clear-
text: eyed and tanned. He is wearing new English clothes. As they
text: come into the room, Bernstein practically walking sideways, is
text: doing nothing but beaming and admiring Kane, quelling like a
text: mother at the Carnegie Hall debut of her son. Seeing and
text: recognizing Kane, the entire staff rises to its feet.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (referring to the
dialog: staff; with a smile)
dialog: Ask them to sit down, Mr. Bernstein.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Sit down, everybody - for heaven's
dialog: sake!
text: The order is immediately obeyed, everybody going into business
text: of feverish activity.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: So then, tonight, we go over
dialog: everything thoroughly, eh?
dialog: Especially the new papers -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: We certainly do. Vacation's over -
dialog: starting right after dinner. But
dialog: right now - that lady over there -
dialog: (he indicates a
dialog: woman at the desk)
dialog: - that's the new society editor, I
dialog: take it? You think I could
dialog: interrupt her a moment, Mr.
dialog: Bernstein?
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Huh? Oh, I forgot - you've been
dialog: away so long I forgot about your
dialog: joking -
text: He trails after Kane as he approaches the Society Editor's
text: desk. The Society Editor, a middle-aged spinster, sees him
text: approaching and starts to quake all over, but tries to pretend
text: she isn't aware of him. An envelope in her hand shakes
text: violently. Kane and Bernstein stop at her desk.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Miss Townsend -
text: Miss Townsend looks up and is so surprised to see Bernstein
text: with a stranger.
speaker_heading: MISS TOWNSEND
dialog: Good afternoon, Mr. Bernstein.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: This is Mr. Kane, Miss Townsend.
text: Miss Townsend can't stick to her plan. She starts to rise,
text: but her legs are none too good under her. She knocks over a
text: tray of copy paper as she rises, and bends to pick it up.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (very hesitatingly
dialog: and very softly)
dialog: Miss Townsend -
text: At the sound of his voice, she straightens up. She is very
text: close to death from excitement.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I've been away for several months,
dialog: and I don't know exactly how these
dialog: things are handled now. But one
dialog: thing I wanted to be sure of is
dialog: that you won't treat this little
dialog: announcement any differently than
dialog: you would any other similar
dialog: announcement.
text: He hands her an envelope. She has difficulty in holding on to
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Read it, Miss Townsend. And
dialog: remember - just the regular
dialog: treatment! See you at nine o'clock,
dialog: Mr. Bernstein!
text: Kane leaves. Bernstein looks after him, then at the paper.
text: Miss Townsend finally manages to open the envelope. A piece
text: of flimsy paper, with a few written lines, is her reward.
speaker_heading: MISS TOWNSEND
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Moore Norton
dialog: announce the engagement of their
dialog: daughter, Emily Monroe Norton, to
dialog: Mr. Charles Foster Kane.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (starts to read it)
dialog: Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Moore Norton
dialog: announce -
speaker_heading: MISS TOWNSEND
dialog: (fluttering - on
dialog: top of him)
dialog: She's - she's the niece of - of
dialog: the President of the United States -
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (nodding proudly)
dialog: know. Come on, Miss Townsend -
dialog: From the window, maybe we can get
dialog: a look.
text: He takes her by the hand and leads her off.
text: Angle toward open window. Bernstein and Miss Townsend, backs
text: to camera, rushing to the window.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OUTSIDE ENQUIRER BUILDING - DAY -
text: High angle downward - what Bernstein and Miss Townsend see
text: from the window.
text: Kane is just stepping into an elegant barouch, drawn up at the
text: curb, in which sits Miss Emily Norton. He kisses her full on
text: the lips before he sits down. She acts a bit taken aback,
dialog: because of the public nature of the scene, but she isn't really
text: annoyed. As the barouche starts off, she is looking at him
text: adoringly. He, however, has turned his head and is looking
text: adoringly at the "Enquirer." He apparently sees Bernstein and
text: Miss Townsed and waves his hand.
scene_heading: INT. CITY ROOM - ENQUIRER - DAY -
text: Bernstein and Miss Townsend at window.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: A girl like that, believe me, she's
dialog: lucky! Presiden't niece, huh!
dialog: Say, before he's through, she'll
dialog: be a Presiden't wife.
text: Miss Townsend is now dewey-eyed. She looks at Bernstein, who
text: has turned away, gazing down at the departing couple.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: Front page of the "Enquirer." Large picture of the young couple -
text: Kane and Emily - occupying four columns - very happy.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. BERNSTEIN'S OFFICE - ENQUIRER - DAY -
text: Bernstein and Thompson. As the dissolve comes, Bernstein's
text: voice is heard.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: The way things turned out, I don't
dialog: need to tell you - Miss Emily Norton
dialog: was no rosebud!
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: It didn't end very well, did it?
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: It ended -
dialog: (a slight pause)
dialog: Then there was Susie - that ended,
dialog: too.
dialog: (shrugs, a pause;
dialog: then looking up
dialog: into Thompson's
dialog: eyes)
dialog: guess he didn't make her very happy -
speaker_heading: (A PAUSE)
dialog: You know, I was thinking - that
dialog: Rosebud you're trying to find out
dialog: about -
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Yes -
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Maybe that was something he lost.
dialog: Mr. Kane was a man that lost -
dialog: almost everything he had -
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: You ought to talk to Bradford
dialog: Leland. He could tell you a lot.
dialog: I wish I could tell you where Leland
dialog: is, but I don't know myself. He
dialog: may be out of town somewhere - he
dialog: may be dead.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: In case you'd like to know, Mr.
dialog: Bernstein, he's at the Huntington
text: Memorial Hospital on 180th Street.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: You don't say! Why I had no idea -
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Nothing particular the matter with
dialog: him, they tell me. Just -
dialog: (controls himself)
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Just old age.
dialog: (smiles sadly)
dialog: It's the only disease, Mr. Thompson,
dialog: you don't look forward to being
dialog: cured of.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: You ought to see Mr. Leland.
dialog: There's a whole lot of things he
dialog: could tell you - if he wanted to.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL ROOF - DAY -
text: Close shot - Thompson. He is tilted back in a chair which
text: seems to be, and is, leaning against a chimney. Leland's voice
text: is heard for a few moments before Leland is seen.
speaker_heading: LELAND'S VOICE
dialog: When you get to my age, young man,
dialog: you don't miss anything. Unless
dialog: maybe it's a good drink of bourbon.
dialog: Even that doesn't make much
dialog: difference, if you remember there
dialog: hasn't been any good bourbon in
dialog: this country for twenty years.
text: Camera has pulled back, during above speech, revealing that
text: Leland, wrapped in a blanket, is in a wheel chair, talking to
text: Thompson. They are on the flat roof of a hospital. Other
text: people in wheel chairs can be seen in the background, along
text: with a nurse or two. They are all sunning themselves.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Mr. Leland, you were -
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: You don't happen to have a cigar,
dialog: do you? I've got a young physician -
dialog: must remember to ask to see his
dialog: license - the odds are a hundred
dialog: to one he hasn't got one - who
dialog: thinks I'm going to stop smoking...
dialog: I changed the subject, didn't I?
dialog: Dear, dear! What a disagreeable
dialog: old man I've become. You want to
dialog: know what I think of Charlie Kane?
dialog: Well - I suppose he has some private
dialog: sort of greatness. But he kept it
dialog: to himself.
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: He never - gave himself away - He
dialog: never gave anything away. He just -
dialog: left you a tip. He had a generous
dialog: mind. I don't suppose anybody
dialog: ever had so many opinions. That
dialog: was because he had the power to
dialog: express them, and Charlie lived on
dialog: power and the excitement of using
dialog: it - But he didn't believe in
dialog: anything except Charlie Kane. He
dialog: never had a conviction in his life.
dialog: I guess he died without one -
dialog: That must have been pretty
dialog: unpleasant. Of course, a lot of
dialog: us check out with no special
dialog: conviction about death. But we do
dialog: know what we're leaving ... we
dialog: believe in something.
dialog: (looks sharply at
dialog: Thompson)
dialog: You're absolutely sure you haven't
dialog: got a cigar?
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Sorry, Mr. Leland.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Never mind - Bernstein told you
dialog: about the first days at the office,
dialog: didn't he? Well, Charlie was a
dialog: bad newspaper man even then. He
dialog: entertained his readers, but he
dialog: never told them the truth.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Maybe you could remember something
dialog: that -
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: I can remember everything. That's
dialog: my curse, young man. It's the
dialog: greatest curse that's ever been
dialog: inflicted on the human race. Memory -
dialog: I was his oldest friend.
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: As far as I was concerned, he
dialog: behaved like swine. Maybe I wasnt'
dialog: his friend. If I wasn't, he never
dialog: had one. Maybe I was what nowadays
dialog: you call a stooge -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
scene_heading: INT. CITY ROOM - THE ENQUIRER - NIGHT -
text: The party (previously shown in the Bernstein sequence).
dialog: We start this sequence toward the end of the former one, but
text: from a fresh angle, holding on Leland, who is at the end of
text: the table. Kane is heard off, making a speech.
speaker_heading: KANE'S VOICE
dialog: Not one of you has been hired
dialog: because of his loyalty. It's your
dialog: talent I'm interested in. That
dialog: talent that's going to make the
dialog: "Enquirer" the kind of paper I
dialog: want - the best newspaper in the
dialog: world!
text: Applause. During above, Bernstein has come to Leland's side.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Isn't it wonderful? Such a party!
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Yes.
text: His tone causes Bernstein to look at him.
speaker_heading: KANE'S VOICE
dialog: However, I think you'll agree we've
dialog: heard enough about newspapers and
dialog: the newspaper business for one
dialog: night.
text: The above speeches are heard under the following dialogue.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (to Leland)
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Mr. Bernstein, these men who are
dialog: now with the "Enquirer" - who were
dialog: with the "Chronicle" until yesterday -
dialog: weren't they just as devoted to
dialog: the "Chronicle" kind of paper as
dialog: they are now to - our kind of paper?
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Sure. They're like anybody else.
dialog: They got work to do. They do it.
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: Only they happen to be the best
dialog: men in the business.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (finishing his speech)
dialog: There are other subjects in the
dialog: world -
text: Kane whistles. The band and the chorus girls enter and hell
text: breaks loose all around Leland and Bernstein.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (after a minute)
dialog: Do we stand for the same things
dialog: that the "Chronicle" stands for,
dialog: Mr. Bernstein?
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (indignantly)
dialog: Certainly not. So what's that got
dialog: to do with it? Mr. Kane, he'll
dialog: have them changed to his kind of
dialog: newspapermen in a week.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Probably. There's always a chance,
dialog: of course, that they'll change Mr.
dialog: Kane - without his knowing it.
text: Kane has come up to Leland and Bernstein. He sits down next
text: to them, lighting a cigarette.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Well, gentlemen, are we going to
dialog: war?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Our readers are, anyway, I don't
dialog: know about the rest of the country.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (enthusiastically)
dialog: It'll be our first foreign war in
dialog: fifty years, Brad. We'll cover it
dialog: the way the "Hickville Gazette"
dialog: covers the church social! The
dialog: names of everybody there; what
dialog: they wore; what they ate; who won
dialog: the prizes; who gave the prizes -
dialog: (gets excited)
dialog: I tell you, Brad, I envy you.
dialog: (quoting)
dialog: By Bradford Leland, the "Enquirer's"
text: Special Correspondent at the Front.
dialog: I'm almost tempted -
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: But there is no Front, Charlie.
dialog: There's a very doubtful civil war.
dialog: Besides, I don't want the job.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: All right, Brad, all right - you
dialog: don't have to be a war correspondent
dialog: unless you want to - I'd want to.
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: Hello, Georgie.
text: Georgie, a very handsome madam has walked into the picture,
text: stands behind him. She leans over and speaks quietly in his
dialog: ear.
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: Is everything the way you want it,
dialog: dear?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: If everybody's having fun, that's
dialog: the way I want it.
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: I've got some other little girls
dialog: coming over -
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Charles, I tell you there is no
dialog: war! There's a condition that
dialog: should be remedied - but between
dialog: that and a -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: How would the "Enquirer" look with
dialog: no news about this non-existent
dialog: war - with Benton, Pulitzer and
dialog: Heart devoting twenty columns a
dialog: day to it?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: They do it only because you do!
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (grins)
dialog: And I do it because they do it,
dialog: and they do it - it's a vicious
dialog: circle, isn't it?
dialog: (rises)
dialog: I'm going over to Georgie's, Brad -
dialog: you know, Georgie, don't you?
text: Leland nods.
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: (over Kane's next
dialog: lines)
dialog: Glad to meet you, Brad.
text: Leland shudders.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I told you about Brad, Georgie.
dialog: He needs to relax.
text: Brad doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Some ships with wonderful wines
dialog: have managed to slip through the
text: enemy fleet that's blockading New
dialog: York harbor -
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Georgie knows a young lady whom
dialog: I'm sure you'd adore - wouldn't
dialog: he, Georgie? Why only the other
dialog: evening I said to myself, if Brad
dialog: were only here to adore this young
dialog: lady - this -
dialog: (snaps his fingers)
dialog: What's her name again?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
scene_heading: INT. GEORGIE'S PLACE - NIGHT -
text: Georgie is introducing a young lady to Branford Leland. On
text: sound track we hear piano music.
speaker_heading: GEORGIE
dialog: (right on cue from
dialog: preceding scene)
dialog: Ethel - this gentlemen has been
dialog: very anxious to meet you - This
dialog: is Ethel.
speaker_heading: ETHEL
dialog: Hello, Mr. Leland.
text: Camera pans to include Kane, seated at piano, with girls
text: gathered around him.
speaker_heading: ONE OF THE GIRLS
dialog: Charlie! Play the song about you.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER GIRL
dialog: Is there a song about Charlie?
text: Kane has broken into "Oh, Mr. Kane!" and Charlie and the girls
text: start to sing. Ethel leads the unhappy Leland over to the
text: group. Kane, seeing Leland and taking his eye, motions to the
text: professor who has been standing next to him to take over. The
text: professor does so. The singing continues. Kane rises and
text: crosses to Leland.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Say, Brad.
dialog: (draws him slightly
dialog: aside)
dialog: I've got an idea.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I mean I've got a job for you.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You don't want to be a war
dialog: correspondent - how about being a
dialog: dramatic critic?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (sincerely, but not
dialog: gushing; seriously)
dialog: I'd like that.
text: Kane starts quietly to dance in time to the music. Leland
text: smiles at him.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You start tomorrow night. Richard
dialog: Carl in "The Spring Chicken."
dialog: (or supply show)
dialog: I'll get us some girls. You get
text: tickets. A drama critic gets them
dialog: free, you know.
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Rector's at seven?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Charlie -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (still smiling)
dialog: It doesn't make any difference
dialog: about me, but one of these days
dialog: you're going to find out that all
dialog: this charm of yours won't be enough -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (has stopped dancing)
dialog: You're wrong. It does make a
dialog: difference to you - Rector's,
dialog: Brad?
dialog: (starts to dance
dialog: again)
dialog: Come to think of it, I don't blame
dialog: you for not wanting to be a war
dialog: correspondent. You won't miss
dialog: anything. It isn't much of a war.
dialog: Besides, they tell me there isn't
dialog: a decent restaurant on the whole
dialog: island.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
scene_heading: INT. RECTOR'S - NIGHT -
text: Leland, Kane, two young ladies at Rector's. Popular music is
text: heard over the soundtrack. Everybody is laughing very, very
text: hard at something Kane has said. The girls are hysterical.
text: Kane can hardly breathe. As Leland's laughter becomes more
text: and more hearty, it only increases the laughter of the others.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. CUNARD LOCKS - GANGPLANK AND DECK OF BOAT - NIGHT -
text: As told by Bernstein. Kane is calling down to Leland and
dialog: Bernstein (as before).
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You don't expect me to keep any of
dialog: those promises, do you?
text: A band on deck strikes up "Auld Lang Syne" and further ship-to-
text: shore conversation is rendered unfeasible.
text: Bernstein and Leland on deck.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (turns to Leland)
dialog: Do you, Mr. Leland?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Certainly not.
text: Slight pause. They continue on their way.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Mr. Leland, why didn't you go to
dialog: Europe with him? He wanted you
dialog: to. He said to me just yesterday -
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: I wanted him to have fun - and
dialog: with me along -
text: This stops Bernstein. Bernstein looks at him.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Mr. Bernstein, I wish you'd let me
dialog: ask you a few questions, and answer
dialog: me truthfully.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Don't I always? Most of the time?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Mr. Bernstein, am I a stuffed shirt?
dialog: Am I a horse-faced hypocrite? Am
dialog: I a New England school-marm?
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Yes.
text: Leland is surprised.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: If you thought I'd answer different
dialog: from what Mr. Kane tells you -
dialog: well, I wouldn't.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (good naturedly)
dialog: You're in a conspiracy against me,
dialog: you two. You always have been.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Against me there should be such a
dialog: conspiracy some time!
text: He pauses. "Auld Lang Syne" can still be heard from the deck
dialog: of the department steamer.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (with a hopeful
dialog: look in his eyes)
dialog: Well, he'll be coming back in
dialog: September. The Majestic. I got
dialog: the reservations. It gets in on
dialog: the ninth.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: September the ninth?
text: Leland puts his hand in his pocket, pulls out a pencil and
text: small engagement book, opens the book and starts to write.
text: Leland's pencil writing on a page in the engagement book open
dialog: to September 9: "Rector's - 8:30 p.m."
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: Front page "Enquirer." Large picture of the young couple -
text: Kane and Emily - occupying four columns - very happy.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL ROOF - DAY -
text: Leland and Thompson. Leland is speaking as we dissolve.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: I used to go to dancing school
dialog: with her.
text: Thompson had handed Leland a paper.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: What's this?
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: It's a letter from her lawyers.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (reading aloud from
dialog: the letter)
dialog: David, Grobleski &amp; Davis - My
dialog: dear Rawlston -
dialog: (looks up)
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Rawlston is my boss.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Oh, yes. I know about Mr. Rawlston.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: He knows the first Mrs. Kane
dialog: socially - That's the answer we
dialog: got.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (reading)
dialog: I am in receipt of your favor of
dialog: yesterday. I beg you to do me the
dialog: courtesy of accepting my assurance
dialog: that Mrs. Whitehall cannot be
dialog: induced to contribute any more
dialog: information on the career of Charles
dialog: Foster Kane.
dialog: She has authorized me to state on previous occasions that she
text: regards their brief marriage as a distateful episode in her
text: life that she prefers to forget. With assurances of the highest
text: esteem - Leland hands the paper back to Thompson.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Brief marriage! Ten years!
dialog: (sighs)
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Was he in love?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: He married for love -
dialog: (a little laugh)
dialog: That's why he did everything.
dialog: That's why he went into politics.
dialog: It seems we weren't enough. He
dialog: wanted all the voters to love him,
dialog: too. All he really wanted out of
dialog: life was love. That's Charlie's
dialog: story - it's the story of how he
dialog: lost it. You see, he just didn't
dialog: have any to give. He loved Charlie
dialog: Kane, of course, very dearly - and
dialog: his mother, I guess he always loved
dialog: her. As for Emily - well, all I
dialog: can tell you is Emily's story as
dialog: she told it to me, which probably
dialog: isn't fair - there's supposed to
dialog: be two sides to every story - and
dialog: I guess there are. I guess there's
dialog: more than two sides -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
text: Newspaper - Kane's marriage to Emily with still of group on
text: White House lawn, same setup as early newsreel in News Digest.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: Screaming headline: OIL SCANDAL!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: Headline reading: KANE TO SEE PRESIDENT
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: Big headline on "Enquirer" front page which reads: KANE TO SEE
speaker_heading: PRESIDENT
text: Under this, one of those big box signed editorials, typical of
dialog: Kane, illustrated, on subject of the power of the president,
dialog: expressed in about nine different cases of type, and illustrated
text: by a cartoon of the White House, on which camera tightens, as
dialog: we -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
scene_heading: INT. THE WHITE HOUSE - THE PRESIDENT'S EXECUTIVE OFFICE - DAY -
text: This scene is shot so as never to show the President - or at
text: least never his face. There is present the President's
text: Secretary, sitting on one side of the desk, intently taking
text: notes. Kane is on his feet, in front of the desk, tense and
dialog: glaring.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: It is the unanimous opinion of my
dialog: Cabinent - in which I concur -
dialog: that the proposed leases are in
dialog: the best interests of the
dialog: Governement and the people.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: You are not, I hope, suggesting
dialog: that these interests are not
dialog: indentical?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I'm not suggesting anything, Mr.
dialog: President! I've come here to tell
dialog: you that, unless some action is
dialog: taken promptly - and you are the
dialog: only one who can take it - the oil
dialog: that is the property of the people
dialog: of this country will be turned
text: over for a song to a gang of high-
dialog: pressure crooks!
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: I must refuse to allow you to
dialog: continue in this vein, Mr. Kane.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: It's the only vein I know. I tell
dialog: the facts the way I see them. And
dialog: any man that knows that facts -
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: I know the facts, Mr. Kane. And I
dialog: happen to have the incredible
dialog: insolence to differ with you as to
dialog: what they mean.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You're a man of great talents, Mr.
dialog: Kane.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: I understand that you have political
dialog: ambitions. Unfortunately, you
dialog: seem incapable of allowing any
dialog: other opinion but your own -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (building to a frenzy)
dialog: I'm much obliged, Mr. President,
dialog: for your concern about me. However,
dialog: I happen to be concerned at this
dialog: moment with the matter of extensive
dialog: oil lands belonging to the people
dialog: of the United States, and I say
dialog: that if this lease goes through,
dialog: the property of the people of the
dialog: United States goes into the hands
dialog: of -
speaker_heading: THE PRESIDENT
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: You've made your point perfectly
dialog: clear, Mr. Kane. Good day.
text: The Secretary rises. Kane, with every bit of will power
text: remotely at his disposal to control what might become an
text: hysterical outburst, manages to bow.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Mr. President.
text: He starts out of the office.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. COMPOSING ROOM - ENQUIRER - NIGHT -
text: Kane, Reilly, Leland and a composing room Foreman, in working
text: clothes, bending over a table with several forms of type.
text: They are looking, at this moment, at a made-up headline - but
text: Kane's back is in the way ... so we can't read it.
speaker_heading: FOREMAN
dialog: How about it, Mr. Kane?
text: Reilly glances at his wrist watch and makes a face. Kane smiles
text: as he notices this.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: All right. Let her slide!
text: He turns away, and we can now read the headline.
text: Insert of the headline, which reads: "OIL THEFT BECOMES LAW AS
scene_heading: PRESIDENT WITHOLDS VETO"
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: Here follows a quick montage (presently to be worked out) of
dialog: no more than four or five images in which the President, by
text: means of cartoons, editorials, headlines (all faithfully
text: reproduced from period yellow journalism) is violently attacked.
text: The montage ends on the word TREASON. The music cuts.
text: A hand reaches in a side pocket which contains a newspaper -
text: recognizably the "Enquirer." The hand removes a gun. The gun
text: is shot. Many arms seize the hand which is pulled up - gun
text: still firing. As the arm is raised in the air, we see that
text: the other arms holding the arm and struggling with it are
text: uniformed, and we see the White House beyond.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: News ticker which is spelling out the words: "ASSASSINATED
dialog: 7:45 P.M."
text: NOTE: Under the following - a down shot, below the "Enquirer,"
text: shows a crowd forming, looking angrily up toward the camera.
text: Crowd noises on the soundtrack under music.
text: A hand snatches the ticker tape away and as the image of the
text: crowd dissolves out, we pull back to show:
scene_heading: INT. OF KANE'S OFFICE - NIGHT -
text: The ticker tape is in Reilly's hand. Reilly has a phone to
text: his ear.
speaker_heading: REILLY
dialog: Looks bad for us, Mr. Kane. How
dialog: shall we handle it?
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
scene_heading: INT. GEORGIE'S PLACE -
text: Kane in shirtsleeves at phone.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: It's a news story! Get it on the
dialog: street!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: Headline under "Enquirer" masthead which reads:
scene_heading: "PRESIDENT ASSASSINATED"
text: Newsboy is crying the headline at the same time. We pull back
dialog: to show him and -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. THEATRE - NIGHT
text: The camera is in tight on a box which contains Emily and
text: distinguished elderly ladies and gentlemen, obviously family
text: and friends. On the soundtrack, very limpid opera music.
text: Another elderly gent, in white tie but still wearing an
text: overcoat, comes into the box and whispers to Emily. He has a
text: copy of the "Enquirer" in his hand. Emily rises. He shows
dialog: the paper to her.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET OUTSIDE ENQUIRER BUILDING - NIGHT -
text: An angry crowd seen from the window of Kane's office. They
text: make a deep threatening sound which is audible during the
text: following scene. Across the heads of the crowd are two great
text: squares of light from the windows above them. One of these
text: disappears as the blind is pulled. As the dissolve completes
text: itself, the second square of light commences to reduce in size,
text: and then the entire street is cut off by a blind which Leland
text: pulls down, covering the entire frame.
scene_heading: INT. KANE'S OFFICE - ENQUIRER - NIGHT -
text: The staff standing around, worried to death, in their
text: shirtsleeves.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (to Reilly)
dialog: Take dictation - Front page
dialog: editorial - "This afternoon a
dialog: great man was assassinated. He
dialog: was the President of the United
dialog: States -"
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Charlie -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Do you think you're the one who
dialog: should call him a great man?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Why not? Well - nobody's a great
dialog: man in your estimation until he's
dialog: dead.
speaker_heading: REILLY
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Maybe we'd better wait for more
dialog: word on the President's condition.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (still looking at
dialog: Leland)
dialog: What do you mean by that?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Competition.
speaker_heading: REILLY
dialog: He may recover -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (still holding on
dialog: Leland)
dialog: What do you mean by that?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (steadily)
dialog: Yesterday morning you called the
dialog: President a traitor. What do you
dialog: think that crowd is doing down
dialog: there? They think you murdered
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Because the crackpot who did it
dialog: had a copy of the "Enquirer" in
dialog: his pocket?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: - and that copy of the "Enquirer"
dialog: said the President should be killed.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I said treason was a capital offense
dialog: punishable by death -
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: You've said a lot of things about
dialog: the President in the last few
dialog: months.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: They're true! Everything I said!
dialog: Witholding that veto was treason!
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Charlie!
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (riding over him)
dialog: Oil belonging to the people of the
dialog: United States was leased out for a
text: song to a gang of high-pressure
dialog: crooks - Nobody can blame me
dialog: because -
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Look out that window.
text: Kane stops - looks at him.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: There are the people of the United
dialog: States, and they are blaming you -
dialog: Oh, I know it doesn't make any
dialog: sense, but at least you can learn
dialog: a lesson from it.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (snarling)
dialog: What lesson? Not to expose fraud
dialog: when I see it? Not to fight for
dialog: the right of the people to own
dialog: their own property?
dialog: (he turns to Reilly)
dialog: Run it the way I said, Reilly -
dialog: "This afternoon a great man was
dialog: assassinated -"
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Charlie! Now you're not making
dialog: sense.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: I don't have to. I run a newspaper
dialog: with half a million readers and
dialog: they're getting a martyred president
dialog: this morning with their breakfast.
dialog: I can't help that. Besides, they
dialog: all know I'm married to his niece.
dialog: I've got to think of her.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I've got to think of Emily -
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (after a silence)
dialog: I'd like to talk to you about that.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Go ahead.
text: Leland looks back at Kane, is conscious of the boys standing
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Finish your editorial.
text: Leland walks out in to the City Room. More staff members in
text: shirt sleeves in a state of panic. Leland goes to his desk,
text: takes out a bottle, pours himself a very stiff drink. A door
text: opens. A Policeman enters with Bernstein. Bernstein is badly
text: battered. The boys crowd around.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (worried)
dialog: What's happened?
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I'm all right, Mr. Leland. Only
dialog: there was some fellows out front
dialog: that thought they ought to take
dialog: things up with me. I learned 'em!
dialog: Didn't I, officer?
speaker_heading: THE COP
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: You sure did - Say, the
dialog: Commissioner said I was to stand
dialog: by and protect Mr. Kane until
dialog: further orders, no matter how he
dialog: felt about it. Where is he?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (finishing his drink)
dialog: In there.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: If you hadn't come along and
dialog: protected me when you did, I'd
dialog: have killed them fellows.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (pouring himself
dialog: another drink)
dialog: Go and get yourself washed up, Mr.
dialog: Bernstein.
text: (he looks his face
dialog: over thoroughly)
text: There doesn't seem to be an serious
dialog: injury.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Not to me. But you will let that
dialog: cop go home with Mr. Kane, won't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Yes, Mr. Bernstein.
text: Bernstein leaves the picture with sympathetic attendance.
text: Leland finishes his second drink.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. KANE'S OFFICE - NIGHT -
text: The bottle is finished. The door in the Sanctrum opens. Reilly
text: and the others leave.
speaker_heading: REILLY
dialog: (as they go)
dialog: Goodnight, Mr. Kane.
text: Kane stands in the door, waiting for Leland. Leland gets up
text: and moves toward the office - goes in, sits down across from
text: Kane at the desk. An uncomfortable pause. Then Kane smiles
text: ingratiatingly. Leland tries to cope with this.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: First of all -
dialog: (he can't go on)
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (not cruelly -
dialog: genuinely kind)
dialog: What's wrong, Brad?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: I'm drunk.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I'll get you some coffee.
text: He rises and goes to the door.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: First of all, I will not write a
dialog: good review of a play because
dialog: somebody paid a thousand dollars
dialog: for an advertisement in the
dialog: "Enquirer."
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (gently - opening
dialog: the door)
dialog: That's just a little promotion
dialog: scheme. Nobody expects you -
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Mike, will you try and get Mr.
dialog: Leland some coffee?
speaker_heading: MIKE'S VOICE
dialog: Sure thing, Mr. Kane.
text: Kane turns back to Leland. Leland doesn't look up at him.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Charlie, it's just no go. We can't
dialog: agree anymore. I wish you'd let
dialog: me go to Chicago.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Why, Brad?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: I want to be transferred to the
dialog: new paper. You've been saying
dialog: yourself you wish you had somebody
dialog: to -
dialog: (he is heartsick,
dialog: inarticulate)
dialog: That's not what I wanted to talk
dialog: about.
text: Kane goes around behind the desk and sits down.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I'll tell you what I'll do, Brad -
dialog: I'll get drunk, too - maybe that'll
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: No, that won't help. Besides, you
dialog: never get drunk. I wanted to talk
dialog: about you and Emily.
text: Kane looks at Leland sharply before he speaks.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: All right.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (without looking at
dialog: him)
dialog: She's going to leave you -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I don't think so, Brad. We've
dialog: just had word that the President
text: is out of danger.
dialog: (ruefully)
dialog: It seems I didn't kill him after
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (takes his eye)
dialog: She was going to leave you anyway -
text: Kane takes this in.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Emily's going south next week with
dialog: the child. As far as anybody's to
dialog: know, it's a holiday. When they
dialog: get back -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Brad, you are drunk.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Sure I am. She wants full custody
dialog: of the child no matter what happens.
dialog: If you won't agree to that, she'll
dialog: apply for a divorce regardless of
dialog: the President's wishes. I can't
dialog: tell her she's wrong, because she
dialog: isn't wrong -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Why is she leaving me?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (it's very hard for
dialog: him to say all
dialog: this)
dialog: She hasn't any friends left sine
dialog: you started this oil business, and
dialog: she never sees you.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Do you think the "Enquirer"
dialog: shouldn't have campaigned against
dialog: the oil leases?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (hesitating)
dialog: You might have made the whole thing
dialog: less personal!
dialog: No answer from Kane.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: It isn't just that the President
dialog: was her uncle - everyone she knows,
dialog: all the people she's been brought
dialog: up with, everything she's ever
dialog: been taught to believe is important -
text: Still no answer from Kane.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: There's no reason why this - this
dialog: savage personal note -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: The personal note is all there is
dialog: to it. It's all there ever is to
dialog: it. It's all there every is to
dialog: anything! Stupidity in our
dialog: government, complacency and self-
dialog: satisfaction and unwillingness to
dialog: believe that anything done by a
dialog: certain class of people can be
dialog: wrong - you can't fight those things
dialog: impersonally. They're not
dialog: impersonal crimes against people.
dialog: They're being done by actual persons -
dialog: with actual names and positions
dialog: and - the right of the American
dialog: people to own their own country is
dialog: not an academic issue, Brad, that
dialog: you debate - and then the judges
dialog: retire to return a verdict and the
dialog: winners give a dinner for the
dialog: losers.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: You almost convince me.
dialog: (rising)
dialog: I'm just drunk enough to tell you
dialog: the truth. I have to be a little
dialog: drunk for that because I'm a coward.
dialog: You know that. That's why you
dialog: keep me around.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You only associate with your
dialog: inferiors, Charlie. I guess that's
dialog: why you ran away from Emily.
dialog: Because you can't stand the company
dialog: of your equals. You don't like to
dialog: admit they exist - the other big
dialog: people in your world are dead.
dialog: I told you that.
text: Kane looks at Leland, but Leland can't be stopped now. He
text: speaks very quietly - no poison in his voice - no personal
text: indignation - as though he were explaining the nature of a
dialog: disease.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: You talk about the people of the
dialog: United States as though they
dialog: belonged to you. When you find
dialog: out they don't think they are,
dialog: you'll lose interest. You talk
dialog: about giving them their rights as
dialog: though you could make a present of
dialog: liberty. Remember the working
dialog: man? You used to defend him quite
dialog: a good deal. Well, he's turning
dialog: into something called organized
dialog: labor and you don't like that at
dialog: all. And listen, when your precious
dialog: underprivileged really get together -
dialog: that's going to add up to something
dialog: bigger than - than your privilege
dialog: and then I don't know what you'll
dialog: do - sail away to a desert island,
dialog: probably, and lord it over the
dialog: monkeys.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Are you finished?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (looking down)
dialog: Now, will you let me go to Chicago?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (with a little smile)
dialog: You're not going to like it in
text: Chicago. They wind comes howling
dialog: in from the lake. And there's
dialog: practically no opera season at all -
dialog: and the Lord only knows whether
dialog: they've ever heard of Lobster
dialog: Newburg -
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: That's all right.
dialog: (he won't be charmed
dialog: out of his duty)
dialog: What are you going to do about
dialog: Emily?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (his face hardning
dialog: a little)
dialog: Nothing - if she dosen't love me -
text: Leland has risen. He speaks as he turns away, starting towards
dialog: the door.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: You want love on your own terms,
dialog: don't you, Charlie -
dialog: (he stops - his
dialog: back turned to
dialog: Kane)
dialog: Love according to your own rules.
dialog: And if anything goes wrong and
dialog: you're hurt - then the game stops,
dialog: and you've got to be soothed and
dialog: nursed, no matter what else is
dialog: happening - and no matter who else
dialog: is hurt!
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: It's simpler than that, Brad. A
dialog: society girl can't stand the gaff,
dialog: that's all. Other things are
dialog: important to her - social position,
dialog: what they're saying on the front
dialog: porches at Southampton, is it going
dialog: to be embarrassing to meet somebody
dialog: or the other at dinner -
text: Leland has turned, taking his eye again. Now Kane stops and
dialog: smiles.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: She can leave me. As a matter of
dialog: fact, I've already left her. Don't
dialog: worry, Brad - I'll live.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: I know you will.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (with all his charm)
dialog: Hey, Brad! I've been analyzed an
dialog: awful lot tonight - let's have
text: another brandy.
text: Leland shakes his head. Kane lifts his glass.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: To love on my terms. Those are
dialog: the only terms anybody knows ...
dialog: his own.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. ENQUIRER BUILDING - NIGHT -
text: Kane, Leland, and a couple of policemen make their way out of
text: the front toward a hansom cab.
text: A VOICE FROM THE CROWD
dialog: You moiderer!
text: A rock is thrown. It hits Leland on the face. A little blood
text: flows. Kane doesn't see it at first. Then when he's in the
text: hansom cab, he turns and notices it.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Are you hurt?
text: Leland has a handkerchief to his face.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: No. I wish you'd go home to Emily.
dialog: She'll be pretty upset by all this -
dialog: She still loves you -
text: The crowd, pushed by the cops, retreats in the background, but
text: still hard by.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You still want to be transferred
dialog: to the other paper?
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (leaning out of the
dialog: hansom cab)
dialog: Well, you've been getting a pretty
dialog: low salary here in New York. It
dialog: seems to me that the new dramatic
dialog: critic of our Chicago paper should
dialog: get what he's worth.
dialog: (almost as a question)
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (with handkerchief
dialog: still attached to
dialog: his face)
dialog: I couldn't possibly live on as
dialog: little as that, Charlie. We'll
dialog: let the salary stay where it is.
text: The hansom cab starts up. We hold on Leland's face as we
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
scene_heading: INT. KANE'S NEW YORK HOME - KANE'S BEDROOM - EARLY MORNING -
text: Emily is in bed, a damp cloth over her temples. Kane is
text: standing at the foot of the bed. The baby's bed is in a corner
text: of the room. The baby's nurse is standing near the crib, a
text: nurse for Emily is near her. Kane is looking fixedly on Emily,
text: who is staring tiredly at the ceiling.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (to the nurse)
dialog: Excuse us a moment, please.
text: The nurse looks at Emily.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (peremptorily)
dialog: I said, excuse us a moment.
text: The nurse, unwilling, leaves.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I've been talking to Leland. Emily -
dialog: You can't leave me now - not now -
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: It isn't what it would do to my
dialog: changes in politics, Emily - That
dialog: isn't it - They were talking of
dialog: running me for governor, but now,
dialog: of course, we'll have to wait -
dialog: It isn't that, Emily - It's just -
dialog: the president is your uncle and
dialog: they're saying I killed him.
text: Still silence.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: That story about the murderer having
text: a copy of the "Enquirer" in his
dialog: pocket - the "Chronicle" made that
dialog: up out of whole cloth - Emily,
dialog: please - He's going to be all right,
dialog: you know, he's going to recover -
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: If it will make you any happier,
dialog: we had nine pages of advertising
dialog: cancelled in the first mail this
text: morning. Bernstein is afraid to
dialog: open any more letters. He -
text: He stops. He sees that he's getting no place with Emily.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: What do you expect me to do? What
dialog: in the world -
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Charles.
text: He waits for her to continue.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Do you really think -
dialog: (she can't continue)
dialog: Those threatening letters, can
dialog: they really -
text: She sits up and looks at the crib. She almost continues to
text: look at the crib, with almost unseeing eyes.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (uncomfortably)
dialog: They won't do anything to Junior,
dialog: darling.
dialog: (contemptuously)
dialog: Anonymous letter writers - I've
dialog: got guards in front of the house,
dialog: and I'm going to arrange -
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: (turning her face
dialog: toward him)
dialog: Please don't talk any more, Charles.
text: Kane is about to say something, but bites his lips instead.
text: Emily keeps staring at him.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Have they heard from father yet?
dialog: Has he seen -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I've tried to tell you, Emily.
dialog: The President's going to be all
dialog: right. He had a comfortable night.
dialog: There's no danger of any kind.
text: Emily nods several times. There is an uncomforable silence.
text: Suddenly there is a cry from the crib. Emily leaps from the
text: bed and rushes to him. She bends over the crib.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: (murmuring)
dialog: Here I am, darling... Darling!...
dialog: Darling, it's all right... Mother's
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Emily - you musn't leave me now -
dialog: you can't do that to me.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: They won't hurt you, darling.
dialog: Mother's with you! Mother's looking
dialog: after you!
text: Kane, unwanted, ignored, looks on. Tightening his lips, he
text: walks out.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
scene_heading: INT. KANE'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: By the desk light, Kane is seen working with his usual
text: intensity, Reilly standing beside him at the desk.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: We'll withdraw support completely.
dialog: Anything else?
speaker_heading: REILLY
dialog: Mr. Leland sent back that check.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: What check?
speaker_heading: REILLY
dialog: You made it out to him last week
dialog: after he left for Chicago.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Oh, yes, the bonus.
speaker_heading: REILLY
dialog: It was for twenty-five thousand
dialog: dollars.
text: Kane is perplexed and worried, but we can see in a moment his
dialog: mind will be on something else.
speaker_heading: REILLY
text: He sent it back torn up - all torn
text: up into little bits, and he enclosed
dialog: something else - I can't make it
dialog: out.
text: Kane doesn't answer. Reilly goes on. He has brought out a
text: piece of paper and is reading it.
speaker_heading: REILLY
dialog: It says here, "A Declaration of
dialog: Principles" -
dialog: (he still reads)
dialog: "I will provide the people of this
dialog: city with a daily paper that will
dialog: tell all the news honestly" -
text: Kane has looked up sharply. Reilly, sensing his look, stops
text: reading and meets his eye. Slowly, Kane reaches out his hand.
text: Reilly hands him the piece of paper. Without reading it, Kane
text: tears it up, throws it into the wastebasket at his side.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. MADISON SQUARE GARDEN - NIGHT -
dialog: The evening of the final great rally. These shots remind us
dialog: of and are identical with and supplementary to the "News Digest"
text: scenes earlier. The vast auditorium with a huge picture of
text: Kane, cheering crowds, etc. Emily and Junior are to be seen
text: in the front of a box. Emily is tired and wears a forced smile
text: on her face. Junior, now aged nine and a half, is eager, bright-
text: eyed and excited. Kane is just finishing his speech.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: It is no secret that I entered
dialog: upon this campaign with no thought
dialog: that I could be elected Governor
dialog: of this state! It is now no secret
dialog: that every straw vote, every
dialog: independent pole, shows that I
dialog: will be elected. And I repeat to
dialog: you - my first official act as
dialog: Governor will be to appoint a
dialog: special District Attorney to arrange
dialog: for the indictment, prosecution
dialog: and conviction of Boss Edward G.
dialog: Rogers!
text: Terrific screaming and cheering from the audience.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
scene_heading: INT. MADISON SQUARE GARDEN - NIGHT -
text: The Speaker's Platform. Numerous officials and civic leaders
text: are crowding around Kane. Cameramen take flash photographs
text: with old-fashioined flash powder.
speaker_heading: FIRST CIVIC LEADER
dialog: Great speech, Mr. Kane.
speaker_heading: SECOND LEADER
dialog: (pompous)
dialog: One of the most notable public
dialog: utterances ever made by a candidate
dialog: in this state -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Thank you, gentlemen. Thank you.
text: He looks up and notices that the box in which Emily and the
text: boy were sitting is now empty. He starts toward the rear of
text: the platform, through the press of people, Reilly approaches
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: REILLY
dialog: A wonderful speech, Mr. Kane.
text: Kane pats him on the shoulder as he walks along.
speaker_heading: REILLY
dialog: I just got word from Buffalo, Mr.
dialog: Kane. They're going to throw you
dialog: the organization vote - and take a
dialog: chance maybe you'll give them a
dialog: break -
text: This is said almost inquiringly, as if he were hoping that
dialog: Kane would give him some assurance that McDonald is not making
text: a mistake. There is no answer from Kane.
speaker_heading: REILLY
dialog: On an independent ticket there's
dialog: never been anything like it! If
dialog: the election were held today, you'd
dialog: be elected by a hundred thousand
dialog: votes - and every day between now
dialog: and November 7th is just going to
dialog: add to your majority.
text: Kane is very pleased. He continues with Reilly slowly through
text: the crowd - a band playing off. Bernstein joins him.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: It does seem too good to be true,
dialog: doesn't it, Mr. Bernstein?
speaker_heading: REILLY
text: Rogers isn't even pretending. He
dialog: isn't just scared anymore. He's
dialog: sick. Frank Norris told me last
dialog: night he hasn't known Rogers to be
dialog: that worried in twenty-five years.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I think it's beginning to dawn on
dialog: Mr. Rogers that I mean what I say.
text: With Mr. Rogers out of the way,
dialog: Reilly, I think we may really begin
dialog: to hope for a good government in
dialog: this state.
dialog: (stopping)
dialog: Well, Mr. Bernstein?
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (clearly not meaning
dialog: it)
dialog: It's wonderful, Mr. Kane.
dialog: Wonderful. Wonderful.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You don't really think so?
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: I do. I do. I mean, since you're
dialog: running for Governor - and you
dialog: want to be elected - I think it's
dialog: wonderful you're going to be
dialog: elected. Only -
dialog: (interrupts himself)
dialog: - Can I say something?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Please, Mr. Bernstein.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Well, the way I look at it -
dialog: (comes out with it)
dialog: - You want to know what I really
dialog: think would be wonderful?
text: Kane indicates he is to proceed.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Well, you're running for Governor
dialog: and going to be elected - my idea
dialog: is how wonderful it would be if
dialog: you don't run at all and don't get
dialog: elected.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. ONE OF THE EXITS - MADISON SQUARE GARDEN - NIGHT -
text: Emily and Junior are standing, waiting for Kane.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Is Pop Governor yet, Mom?
text: Just then, Kane appears, with Reilly and several other men.
text: Kane rushes toward Emily and Junior, as the men politely greet
dialog: Emily.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Hello, Butch! Did you like your
dialog: old man's speech?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Hello, Pop! I was in a box. I
dialog: could hear every word.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I saw you!
dialog: (he has his arm
dialog: around Junior's
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: Good night, gentlemen.
text: There are good nights. Kane's car is at the curb and he starts
text: to walk toward it with Junior and Emily.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: I'm sending Junior home in the
dialog: car, Charles - with Oliver -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: But I'd arranged to go home with
dialog: you myself.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: There's a call I want you to make
dialog: with me, Charles.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: It can wait.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: No, it can't.
text: (she bends down and
dialog: kisses Junior)
dialog: Good night, darling.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Good night, Mom.
text: The driver is holding the rear door open as Emily guides Junior
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (as car starts to
dialog: drive off)
dialog: What's this all about, Emily?
dialog: I've had a very tiring day and -
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: It may not be about anything at
dialog: all.
text: A cab has pulled up.
speaker_heading: THE DRIVER
dialog: Cab?
text: Emily nods to him.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: I intend to find out.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I insist on being told exactly
dialog: what you have in mind.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: I'm going to -
text: (she looks at a
dialog: slip of paper in
dialog: her hand)
dialog: - 185 West 74th Street.
dialog: Kane's reaction indicates that the address definitely means
text: something to him.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: If you wish, you can come with
dialog: me...
text: Kane nods.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I'll go with you.
text: He opens the door and she enters the cab. He follows her.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. CAB - NIGHT -
text: Kane and Emily. He looks at her, in search of some kind of
text: enlightenment. Her face is set and impassive.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. AND INT. APARTMENT HOUSE HALLWAY - NIGHT -
text: Kane and Emily, in front of an apartment door. Emily is
text: pressing the bell.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I had no idea you had this flair
dialog: for melodrama, Emiliy.
text: Emily does not answer. The door is opened by a maid, who
text: recognizes Kane.
speaker_heading: THE MAID
dialog: Come in, Mr. Kane, come in.
text: They enter, Emily first.
scene_heading: INT. SUSAN'S APARTMENT - NIGHT -
text: There is first a tiny reception room, through which an open
text: door shows the living room. Kane and Emily enter from the
text: hallway and cross to the living room. As they enter, Susan
text: rises from a chair. The other person in the room - a big,
text: heavyset man, a little past middle age - stays where he is,
text: leaning back in his chair, regarding Kane intently.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: It wasn't my fault, Charlie. He
dialog: made me send your wife a note.
dialog: He said I'd - oh, he's been saying
dialog: the most terrible things, I didn't
dialog: know what to do... I -
dialog: (she catches sight
dialog: of Emily)
speaker_heading: ROGERS
dialog: Good evening, Mr. Kane.
dialog: (he rises)
dialog: I don't suppose anybody would
dialog: introduce us. Mrs. Kane, I am
dialog: Edward Rogers.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: How do you do?
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: I came here - and I made Mr. Kane
dialog: come with me...
dialog: (she consults the
text: note in her hand
dialog: without reading it
dialog: again)
dialog: because I recieved this note -
speaker_heading: ROGERS
dialog: I made Miss - Miss Alexander send
dialog: you the note. She was a little
dialog: unwilling at first -
dialog: (he smiles grimly)
dialog: but she did it.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I can't tell you the things he
dialog: said, Charlie. You haven't got
dialog: any idea -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (turning on Rogers)
dialog: Rogers, I don't think I will
dialog: postpone doing something about you
dialog: until I'm elected.
text: (he starts toward
dialog: him)
dialog: To start with, I'll break your
dialog: neck.
speaker_heading: ROGERS
dialog: (not giving way an
dialog: inch)
dialog: Maybe you can do it and maybe you
dialog: can't, Mr. Kane.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Charles!
dialog: (he stops to look
dialog: at her)
dialog: Your - your breaking this man's
dialog: neck -
dialog: (she is clearly
dialog: disgusted)
dialog: would scarcely explain this note -
dialog: (glancing at the
dialog: note)
dialog: Serious consequences for Mr. Kane -
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: for myself, and for my son. What
dialog: does this note mean, Miss -
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (stiffly)
dialog: I'm Susan Alexander.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: I know what you think, Mrs. Kane,
dialog: but -
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: (ignoring this)
dialog: What does this note mean, Miss
dialog: Alexander?
speaker_heading: ROGERS
dialog: She doesn't know, Mrs. Kane. She
dialog: just sent it - because I made her
dialog: see it wouldn't be smart for her
dialog: not to send it.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: In case you don't know, Emily,
dialog: this - this gentleman -
dialog: (he puts a world of
dialog: scorn into the
dialog: word)
dialog: is -
speaker_heading: ROGERS
dialog: I'm not a gentleman, Mrs. Kane,
dialog: and your husband is just trying to
dialog: be funny calling me one. I don't
dialog: even know what a gentleman is.
dialog: (tensely, with all
dialog: the hatred and
dialog: venom in the world)
dialog: You see, my idea of a gentleman,
dialog: Mrs. Kane - well, if I owned a
dialog: newspaper and if I didn't like the
dialog: way somebody else was doing things -
dialog: some politican, say - I'd fight
dialog: them with everything I had. Only
dialog: I wouldn't show him in a convict
dialog: suit, with stripes - so his children
text: could see the picture in the paper.
dialog: Or his mother.
dialog: (he has to control
dialog: himself from hurling
dialog: himself at Kane)
dialog: It's pretty clear - I'm not a
dialog: gentleman.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Oh!!
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You're a cheap, crooked grafter -
dialog: and your concern for your children
dialog: and your mother -
speaker_heading: ROGERS
dialog: Anything you say, Mr. Kane. Only
dialog: we're talking now about what you
dialog: are. That's what the note is about,
dialog: Mrs. Kane. Now I'm going to lay
dialog: all my cards on the table. I'm
dialog: fighting for my life. Not just my
dialog: political life. My life. If your
dialog: husband is elected governor -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I'm going to be elected governor.
dialog: And the first thing I'm going to
dialog: do -
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Let him finish, Charles.
speaker_heading: ROGERS
dialog: I'm protecting myself every way I
dialog: know how, Mrs. Kane. This last
dialog: week, I finally found out how I
dialog: can stop your husband from being
dialog: elected. If the people of this
dialog: state learn what I found out this
dialog: week, he wouldn't have a chance to -
dialog: he couldn't be elected Dog Catcher.
dialog: Well, what I'm interested in is
dialog: seeing that he's not elected. I
dialog: don't care whether they know what
dialog: I know about him. Let him keep
dialog: right on being the Great, Noble,
dialog: Moral -
dialog: (he stresses the
dialog: world)
dialog: Champeen of the people. Just as
dialog: long as -
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: I think I understand, Mr. Rogers,
dialog: but wonder if -
dialog: (she leaves her
dialog: sentence unfinished)
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You can't blackmail me, Rogers,
dialog: you can't -
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: Charlie, he said, unless you
dialog: withdrew your name -
speaker_heading: ROGERS
dialog: That's the chance I'm willing to
dialog: give you, Mr. Kane. More of a
dialog: chance than you'd give me. Unless
dialog: you make up your mind by tomorrow
dialog: that you're so sick that you've
dialog: got to go away for a year or two -
dialog: Monday morning every paper in this
dialog: State will carry the story I'm
dialog: going to give them.
text: Kane starts to stare at him intently.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: What story, Mr. Rogers?
speaker_heading: ROGERS
dialog: The story about him and Miss
dialog: Alexander, Mrs. Kane.
text: Emily looks at Kane.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: There is no story. It's all lies.
dialog: Mr. Kane is just -
speaker_heading: ROGERS
dialog: (to Susan)
dialog: Shut up!
dialog: (to Kane)
dialog: I've had a dozen men doing nothing
dialog: but run this thing down - we've
dialog: got evidence enough to - well, the
dialog: evidence would stand up in any
dialog: court of law. You want me to give
dialog: you the evidence, Mr. Kane?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You do anything you want to do.
dialog: The people of this state can decide
dialog: which one of us to trust. If you
dialog: want to know, they've already
dialog: decided. The election Tuesday'll
dialog: be only -
speaker_heading: ROGERS
dialog: Mrs. Kane, I'm not asking you to
dialog: believe me. I'd like to show you -
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: You don't have to show me anything,
dialog: Mr. Rogers. I believe you.
speaker_heading: ROGERS
dialog: I'd rather Mr. Kane withdrew without
dialog: having to get the story published.
dialog: Not that I care about him. But
dialog: I'd be better off that way -
dialog: (he pauses)
dialog: - and so would you, Mrs. Kane.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: What about me?
dialog: (to Kane)
dialog: He said my name'd be dragged through
dialog: the mud. He said everywhere I'd
dialog: go from now on -
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: There seems to be only one decision
dialog: you can make, Charles. I'd say
dialog: that it has been made for you.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: I suppose the details can be
dialog: arranged tomorrow, Mr. Rogers.
dialog: About the statements by the doctors -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Have you gone completely mad, Emily?
text: Emily looks at him.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You don't think I'm going to let
dialog: this blackmailer intimidate me, do
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: I don't see what else you can do,
dialog: Charles. If he's right - and the
dialog: papers publish this story he has -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Oh, they'll publish it all right.
dialog: But that's not going to stop me -
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Charles, this - this story - doesn't
dialog: concern only you. I'll be in it,
dialog: too, won't I?
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: And Junior?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (squirming a bit)
dialog: I suppose so, but - I'm not afraid
dialog: of the story. You can't tell me
dialog: that the voters of this state -
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: I'm not interested in the voters
dialog: of this state right now. I am
dialog: interested in - well, Junior, for
dialog: one thing.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Charlie! If they publish this
dialog: story -
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: They won't. Goodnight, Mr. Rogers.
dialog: (she starts out)
dialog: There's nothing more to be said,
dialog: Charles.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Oh yes, there is.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: I don't think so. Are you coming,
dialog: Charles?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: No.
text: She looks at him. He starts to work himself into a rage.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: There's only one person in the
dialog: world to decide what I'm going to
dialog: do - and that's me. And if
dialog: you think - if any of you think -
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: You decided what you were going to
dialog: do, Charles - some time ago.
dialog: (she looks at Susan)
dialog: You can't always have it your own
dialog: way, regardless of anything else
dialog: that may have happened.
dialog: (she sighs)
dialog: Come on, Charles.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Go on! Get out! I can fight this
dialog: thing all alone!
speaker_heading: ROGERS
dialog: You're making a bigger fool of
dialog: yourself than I thought you would,
dialog: Mr. Kane. You're licked. Why
dialog: don't you -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (turning on him)
dialog: Get out! I've got nothing to talk
dialog: to you about. If you want to see
dialog: me, have the Warden write me a
dialog: letter.
speaker_heading: ROGERS
dialog: I see!
text: (he starts toward
dialog: the door)
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (starting to cry)
dialog: Charlie, you're just excited. You
dialog: don't realize -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I know exactly what I'm doing.
dialog: (he is screaming)
dialog: Get out!
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Charles, if you don't listen to
dialog: reason, it may be too late -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Too late for what? Too late for
dialog: you and this -
dialog: (he can't find the
dialog: adjective)
dialog: this public thief to take the love
dialog: of the people of this state away
dialog: from me? Well, you won't do it, I
dialog: tell you. You won't do it!
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Charlie, there are other things to
dialog: think of.
dialog: (a sly look comes
dialog: into her eyes)
dialog: Your son - you don't want him to
dialog: read in the papers -
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: It is too late now, Charles.
speaker_heading: KANE
text: (rushes to the door
dialog: and opens it)
dialog: Get out, both of you!
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (rushes to him)
dialog: Charlie, please don't -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: What are you waiting here for?
dialog: Why don't you go?
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Goodnight, Charles.
text: She walks out. Rogers stops as he gets directly in front of
dialog: Kane.
speaker_heading: ROGERS
dialog: You're the greatest fool I've ever
dialog: known, Kane. If it was anybody
dialog: else, I'd say what's going to happen
dialog: to you would be a lesson to you.
dialog: Only you're going to need more
dialog: than one lesson. And you're going
dialog: to get more than one lesson.
dialog: (he walks past Kane)
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Don't you worry about me. I'm
dialog: Charles Foster Kane. I'm no cheap,
text: crooked politician, trying to save
dialog: himself from the consequences of
dialog: his crimes -
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT HOUSE HALLWAY - NIGHT -
text: Camera angling toward Kane from other end of the hall. Rogers
text: and Emily are already down the hall, moving toward foreground.
text: Kane in apartment doorway background.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (screams louder)
dialog: I'm going to send you to Sing Sing,
dialog: Rogers. Sing Sing!
text: Kane is trembling with rage as he shakes his fist at Rogers's
text: back. Susan, quieter now, has snuggled into the hollow of his
text: shoulder as they stand in the doorway.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: The "Chronicle" front page with photograph (as in the "News
dialog: Digest") revealing Kane's relations with Susan.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
text: Front page of "Chronicle" - Headline which reads:
speaker_heading: ROGERS ELECTED
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: Front page of "Enquirer" - Headline which reads:
speaker_heading: FRAUD AT POLLS
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT -
text: Emily is opening the door for Leland.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Hello, Brad -
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Emily -
text: He pauses. Leland comes in. Emily closes the door.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: I'm sorry I sent for you, Brad -
dialog: didn't -
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Chicago is pretty close to New
dialog: York nowadays - only twenty hours -
text: She doesn't have anything to say.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: I'm glad to see you.
text: She smiles at him and we know that there isn't anybody else in
text: the world for her to smile at. She's too grateful to talk.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Are all the returns in?
text: Leland puts his hat unconsciously on his coat by the newspaper.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Let me see it.
text: Leland takes the newspaper out of his pocket and hands it to
text: her. She takes it. We see the headline, not an insert, but
text: it registers. It reads: "Fraud at Polls." Emily is looking
text: at the paper with unseeing eyes, and a little smile.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Almost two to one -
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: I'm surprised he got the votes he
dialog: did.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Emily!
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Why should anyone vote for him?
dialog: He's made it quite clear to the
dialog: people what he thinks of them.
dialog: Children - to be told one thing
dialog: one day, something else the next,
text: as the whim seizes him. And they're
dialog: supposed to be grateful and love
dialog: and adore him - because he sees to
dialog: it that they get cheap ice and
dialog: only pay a nickel in the street
dialog: cars.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Emily, you're being - a little
dialog: unfair - You know what I think of
dialog: Charles' behavior - about your
dialog: personal lives -
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: There aren't any personal lives
dialog: for people like us. He made that
dialog: very clear to me nine years ago -
dialog: If I'd thought of my life with
dialog: Charles as a personal life, I'd
dialog: have left him then -
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: know that, Emily -
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: (on top of Leland)
dialog: Maybe I should have - the first
dialog: time he showed me what a mad dog
dialog: he really was.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (on the cue "dog")
dialog: Emily, you -
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: Brad, I'm - I'm not an old woman
dialog: yet -
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: It's - all over -
text: He stops himself.
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: (after a pause)
dialog: Know it is, Brad -
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: He's paying for it, Emily. Those
text: returns tonight - he's finished.
dialog: Politically -
dialog: (he thinks)
dialog: - socially, everywhere, I guess.
dialog: don't know about the papers, but -
speaker_heading: EMILY
dialog: If you're asking me to sympathize
dialog: with him, Brad, you're wasting
dialog: your time.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: There's only one person I'm sorry
dialog: for, as a matter of fact. That -
dialog: that shabby little girl. I'm really
dialog: sorry for her, Brad.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: Front page Chicago "Enquirer," with photograph proclaiming
text: that Susan Alexander opens at new Chicago Opera House in
dialog: "Thais," as in "News Digest."
text: On soundtrack during above we hear the big, expectant murmur
text: of an opening night audience and the noodling of the orchestra.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. CHICAGO OPERA HOUSE - NIGHT - SET FOR "THAIS" -
text: The camera is just inside the curtain, angling upstage. We
text: see the set for "Thais" - the principals in place - stage
text: managers, stage hands, etc., and in the center of all this, in
text: an elaborate costume, looking very small and very lost, is
text: Susan. She is almost hysterical with fright. Maids, singing
text: teacher, and the rest are in attendance. Her throat is sprayed.
text: Applause is heard at the opening of the shot, and now the
text: orchestra starts thunderously. The curtain starts to rise -
text: the camera with it - the blinding glare of the foots moves up
text: Susan's body and hits her face. She squints and starts to
text: sing. Camera continues on up with the curtain, up past Susan,
text: up the full height of the proscenium arch and then on up into
text: the gridiron into a world of ropes, brick walls and hanging
text: canvas - Susan's voice still heard - but faintly. The camera
text: stops at the top of the gridiron as the curtain stops. Two
text: typical stage hands fill the frame. They are looking down on
text: the stage below. Some of the reflected light gleams on their
text: faces. They look at each other. One of them puts his hand to
text: his nose.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
scene_heading: INT. LELAND'S OFFICE - CHICAGO ENQUIRER - NIGHT -
text: Leland, as in the same scene in the Bernstein sequence, is
text: sprawled across his typewriter, his head on the keys. The
text: paper is gone from the roller. Leland stirs and looks up
text: drunkenly, his eyes encountering Bernstein, who stands beside
text: him (also as in the previous scene).
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: Hello, Mr. Leland.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Hello, Bernstein.
text: Leland makes a terrific effort to pull himself together. He
text: straightens and reaches for the keys - then sees the paper is
text: gone from the machine.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Where is it - where's my notice?
dialog: I've got to finish it!
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (quietly)
text: Mr. Kane is finishing it.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Kane? Charlie?
dialog: (painfully, he rises
dialog: to his feet)
dialog: Where is he?
text: During all this, the sound of a typewriter has been heard off -
text: a busy typewriter. Leland's eyes follow the sound. Slowly he
text: registers Kane in the City Room beyond. This is almost the
text: same shot as in the previous Bernstein story.
scene_heading: INT. CITY ROOM - CHICAGO ENQUIRER - NIGHT -
text: Kane, in white tie and shirt sleeves, is typing away at a
text: machine, his fingers working briskly and efficiently, his face,
text: seen by the desk light before him, set in a strange half-smile.
text: Leland stands in the door of his office, staring across at
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: I suppose he's fixing it up - I
dialog: know I'd never get that through.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: (moving to his side)
dialog: Mr. Kane is finishing your piece
dialog: the way you started it.
text: Leland turns incredulously to Bernstein.
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN
dialog: He's writing a roast like you wanted
dialog: it to be -
dialog: (then suddnely -
dialog: with a kind of
dialog: quiet passion rather
dialog: than a triumph)
dialog: - I guess that'll show you.
text: Leland picks his way across the City Room to Kane's side.
text: Kane goes on typing, without looking up. After a pause, Kane
dialog: speaks.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Hello, Brad.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Hello, Charlie -
speaker_heading: (ANOTHER PAUSE)
dialog: I didn't know we were speaking.
text: Kane stops typing, but doesn't turn.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Sure, we're speaking, Brad -
dialog: you're fired.
text: He starts typing again, the expression on his face doesn't
dialog: change.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL ROOF - DAY -
text: Thompson and Leland on the roof, which is now deserted. It is
text: getting late. The sun has just about gone down.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Well, that's about all there is -
dialog: and I'm getting chills. Hey, nurse!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Five years ago, he wrote from that
dialog: place of his down South -
dialog: (as if trying to
dialog: think)
dialog: - you know. Shangri-la? El Dorado?
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: Sloppy Joe's? What's the name of
dialog: that place? You know... All right.
dialog: Xanadu. I knew what it was all
dialog: the time. You caught on, didn't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: I guess maybe I'm not as hard to
dialog: see through as I think. Anyway, I
dialog: never even answered his letter.
dialog: Maybe I should have. I guess he
dialog: was pretty lonely down there those
dialog: last years. He hadn't finished it
dialog: when she left him - he never
dialog: finished it - he never finished
dialog: anything. Of course, he built it
dialog: for her -
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: That must have been love.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: I don't know. He was disappointed
dialog: in the world. So he built one of
dialog: his own - An absolute monarchy -
dialog: It was something bigger than an
dialog: opera house anyway -
dialog: (calls)
dialog: Nurse!
dialog: (lowers his voice)
dialog: Say, I'll tell you one thing you
dialog: can do for me, young fellow.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: On your way out, stop at a cigar
dialog: store, will you, and send me up a
dialog: couple of cigars?
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Sure, Mr. Leland. I'll be glad
dialog: to.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: Hey, Nurse!
text: A Nurse appears.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Hello, Mr. Leland.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: I'm ready to go in now. You know
dialog: when I was a young man, there was
dialog: an impression around that nurses
dialog: were pretty. It was no truer then
dialog: than it is now.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Here, let me take your arm, Mr.
dialog: Leland.
speaker_heading: LELAND
dialog: (testily)
dialog: All right, all right.
dialog: (he has begun to
dialog: move forward on
dialog: the Nurse's arm;
dialog: turning to Thompson)
dialog: You won't forget, will you, about
dialog: the cigars? And tell them to wrap
dialog: them up to look like toothpaste,
dialog: or something, or they'll stop them
dialog: at the desk. That young doctor I
dialog: was telling you about, he's got an
dialog: idea he wants to keep me alive.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. "EL RANCHO" CABARET IN ATLANTIC CITY - EARLY DAWN -
scene_heading: NEON SIGN ON THE ROOF:
speaker_heading: "EL RANCHO"
speaker_heading: FLOOR SHOW
speaker_heading: SUSAN ALEXANDER KANE
speaker_heading: TWICE NIGHTLY
text: glows on the dark screen as in the previous sequence earlier
text: in the script. Behind the lights and through them, we see a
text: nasty early morning. Camera as before, moves through the lights
text: of the sign and down on the skylight, through which is seen
text: Susan at her regular table, Thompson seated across from her.
text: Very faintly during this, idle piano music playing.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. "EL RANCHO" CABARET - EARLY DAWN -
text: Susan and Thompson are facing each other. The place is almost
text: deserted. Susan is sober. On the other side of the room,
text: somebody is playing a piano.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: How do you want to handle the whole
dialog: thing - ask questions?
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: I'd rather you just talked.
dialog: Anything that comes into your mind -
dialog: about yourself and Mr. Kane.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: You wouldn't want to hear a lot of
dialog: what comes into my mind about myself
dialog: and Mr. Charlie Kane.
text: Susan is thinking.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: How did you meet him?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I had a toothache.
text: Thompson looks at her.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: That was thiry years ago - and I
dialog: still remember that toothache.
dialog: Boy! That toothache was just
dialog: driving me crazy...
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. CORNER DRUG STORE AND STREET ON THE WEST SIDE OF NEW YORK -
speaker_heading: NIGHT -
text: Susan, aged twenty, neatly but cheaply dressed in the style of
text: the period, is leaving the drug store. It's about 8 o'clock
text: at night. With a large, man-sized handkerchief pressed to her
text: cheek, she is in considerable pain. The street is wet - after
text: a recent rain.
text: She walks a few steps towards the middle of the block, and can
text: stand it no longer. She stops, opens a bottle of Oil of Cloves
text: that she has in her hand, applies some to her finger, and rubs
text: her gums.
text: She walks on, the pain only a bit better. Four or five houses
text: farther along, she comes to what is clearly her own doorway -
text: a shabby, old four-story apartment house. She turns toward
text: the doorway, which is up a tiny stoop, about three steps.
text: As she does so, Kane, coming from the opposite direction, almost
text: bumps into her and turns to his left to avoid her. His shoulder
text: bumps hers and she turns. As she does so, Kane, forced to
text: change his course, steps on the loose end of a plank which
text: covers a puddle in the bad sidewalk. The plank rises up and
text: cracks him on the knee, also covering him with mud.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (hopping up and
dialog: down and rubbing
dialog: his knee)
dialog: Ow!
text: Susan, taking her handkerchief from her jaw, roars with
dialog: laughter.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: It's not funny.
text: He bites his lip and rubs his knee again. Susan tries to
text: control her laughter, but not very successfully. Kane glares
text: at her.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I'm sorry, mister - but you do
dialog: look awful funny.
text: Suddenly, the pain returns and she claps her hand to her jaw.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Ow!
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: What's the matter with you?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Toothache.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Hmm!
text: He has been rubbing his clothes with his handkerchief.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: You've got some on your face.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: If these sidewalks were kept in
dialog: condition - instead of the money
dialog: going to some cheap grafter -
text: Susan starts to laugh again.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: What's funny now?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: You are. You look like you've
dialog: been making mud pies.
text: In the middle of her smile, the pain returns.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Oh!
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You're no Venus de Milo.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (points to the
dialog: downstair window)
dialog: If you want to come in and wash
dialog: your face - I can get you some
dialog: hot water to get that dirt off
dialog: your trousers -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Thanks.
text: Susan starts, with Kane following her.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. SUSAN'S ROOM - NIGHT -
text: It's in moderate disorder. The Mansbach gas lights are on.
dialog: It's not really a classy room, but it's exactly what you're
dialog: entitled to in 1910, for $5.00 a week including breakfast.
text: There is a bed, a couple of chairs, a chiffonier, and a few
text: personal belongings on the chiffonier. These include a
text: photograph of a gent and lady, obviously Susan's parents, and
dialog: a few objets d'art. One, "At the Japanese Rolling Ball Game
dialog: at Coney Island," and - perhaps this is part of the Japanese
text: loot - the glass globe with the snow scene Kane was holding in
text: his hand in the first sequence.
text: Susan comes into the room, carrying a basin, with towels over
text: her arm. Kane is waiting for her. She doesn't close the door.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (by way of
dialog: explanation)
dialog: My landlady prefers me to keep
dialog: this door open when I have a
dialog: gentleman caller.
dialog: (starts to put the
dialog: basin down)
dialog: She's a very decent woman.
dialog: (making a face)
dialog: Ow!
text: Kane rushes to take the basin from her, putting it on the
text: chiffonier. To do this, he has to shove the photograph to one
text: side of the basin. Susan grabs the photograph as it is about
dialog: to fall over.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Hey, you should be more careful.
dialog: That's my ma and pa.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I'm sorry. They live here, too?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: No. They've passed on.
text: Again she puts her hand to her jaw.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Where's the soap?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: In the water.
text: Kane fishes the soap out of the water. It is slippery, however,
text: and slips out of his hand, hitting him in the chest before it
text: falls to the floor. Susan laughs as he bends over.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (starting to wash
dialog: his hands)
dialog: You're very easily amused.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I always like to see the funny
dialog: side of things. No sense crying
dialog: when you don't have to. And you're
dialog: so funny. Looking at you, I forget
dialog: all about my toothache.
text: Her face distorts in pain again.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Oh!
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I can't stay here all night chasing
dialog: your pain away.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: I know... But you do look so silly.
text: Kane, with soaped hands, has rubbed his face and now cannot
text: open his eyes, for fear of getting soap in them.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Where's the towel?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: On the chiffonier. Here.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (rubs his face dry)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (on her way to closet)
dialog: I've got a brush in the closet.
dialog: As soon as the mud on your trousers
dialog: is all dry - you just brush it
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I'll get these streets fixed, if
dialog: it's the last thing I do.
text: Susan comes out of the closet. She holds out the brush with
text: her left hand, her right hand to her jaw in real distress.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (takes the brush)
dialog: You are in pain, aren't you, you
dialog: poor kid?
text: Susan can't stand it anymore and sits down in a chair, bent
text: over, whimpering a bit.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (brushing himself)
dialog: Wish there was something I could -
text: He stops and thinks. Susan, her face averted, is still trying
dialog: hard not to cry.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I've got an idea, young lady.
dialog: (there is no response)
dialog: Turn around and look at me.
dialog: (there is still no
dialog: response)
dialog: I said, turn around and look at
dialog: me, young lady.
text: Slowly, Susan turns.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Did you ever see anybody wiggle
dialog: both his ears at the same time?
text: It takes a second for Susan to adapt herself to this.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Watch closely!
text: (he wiggles his
dialog: ears)
dialog: It took me two solid years at the
dialog: finest boys' school in the world
dialog: to learn that trick. The fellow
dialog: who taught me is President of
dialog: Venezuela now.
text: He's still wiggling his ears as Susan starts to smile.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: That's it! Smile!
text: Susan smiles, very broadly.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. SUSAN'S ROOM - NIGHT -
text: Closeup of a duck, camera pulls back showing it to be a
text: shadowgraph on the wall, made by Kane, who is now in his shirt
text: sleeves. It is about an hour later than preceding sequence.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (hesitatingly)
dialog: A chicken?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: No. But you're close.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: A rooster?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You're getting farther away all
dialog: the time. It's a duck.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Excuse me, Mr. Kane. I know this
dialog: takes a lot of nerve, but - who
dialog: are you? I mean - I'm pretty
dialog: ignorant, guess you caught on to
dialog: that -
speaker_heading: KANE
text: (looks squarely at
dialog: her)
dialog: You really don't know who I am?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: No. That is, I bet it turns out
dialog: I've heard your name a million
dialog: times, only you know how it is -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: But you like me, don't you? Even
dialog: though you don't know who I am?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: You've been wonderful! I can't
dialog: tell you how glad I am you're here,
dialog: I don't know many people and -
dialog: (she stops)
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: And I know too many people.
dialog: Obviously, we're both lonely.
dialog: (he smiles)
dialog: Would you like to know where I was
dialog: going tonight - when you ran into
dialog: me and ruined my Sunday clothes?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I didn't run into you and I bet
dialog: they're not your Sunday clothes.
dialog: You've probably got a lot of
dialog: clothes.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (as if defending
dialog: himself from a
dialog: terrible onslaught)
dialog: I was only joking!
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: This evening I was on my way to
dialog: the Western Manhattan Warehouses -
dialog: in search of my youth.
text: Susan is bewildered.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You see, my mother died, too - a
dialog: long time ago. Her things were
dialog: put into storage out west because
dialog: I had no place to put them then.
dialog: I still haven't. But now I've
dialog: sent for them just the same. And
dialog: tonight I'd planned to make a sort
dialog: of sentimental journey -
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: - to the scenes of my youth - my
dialog: childhood, I suppose - to look
dialog: again at -
dialog: (he changes mood
dialog: slightly)
dialog: and now -
text: Kane doesn't finish. He looks at Susan. Silence.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Who am I? Well, let's see. Charles
dialog: Foster Kane was born in New Salem,
dialog: Colorado in eighteen six -
dialog: (he stops on the
dialog: word "sixty" -
dialog: obviously a little
dialog: embarrassed)
dialog: I run a couple of newspapers. How
dialog: about you?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Oh, me -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: How old did you say you were?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (very bright)
dialog: I didn't say.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I didn't think you did. If you
dialog: had, I wouldn't have asked you
dialog: again, because I'd have remembered.
dialog: How old?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Pretty old. I'll be twenty-two in
dialog: August.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (looks at her
dialog: silently for a
dialog: moment)
dialog: That's a ripe old age - What do
dialog: you do?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I work at Seligman's.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Is that what you want to do?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I want to be a singer.
dialog: (she thinks for a
dialog: moment)
dialog: I mean, I didn't. Mother did for
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (sympathetically)
dialog: What happened to the singing?
dialog: You're not in a show, are you?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Oh, no! Nothing like that. Mother
dialog: always thought - she used to talk
dialog: about Grand Opera for me. Imagine!
dialog: An American girl, for one thing -
dialog: and then my voice isn't really
dialog: that kind anyway, it's just that
dialog: Mother - you know what mothers are
dialog: like.
text: A sudden look comes over Kane's face.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Yes -
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: As a matter of fact, I do sing a
dialog: little.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (points to the piano)
dialog: Would you sing for me?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (bashful)
dialog: Oh, you wouldn't want to hear me
dialog: sing.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Yes, I would. That's why I asked.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Well, I -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Don't tell me your toothache is
dialog: bothering you again?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Oh, no, that's all gone.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Then you have no alibi at all.
dialog: Please sing.
text: Susan, with a tiny ladylike hesitancy, goes to the piano and
text: sings a polite song. Sweetly, nicely, she sings with a small,
text: untrained voice. Kane listens. He is relaxed, at ease with
dialog: the world.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. "EL RANCHO" CABARET - EARLY DAWN -
text: Susan tosses down a drink, then goes on with her story.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I did a lot of singing after that.
dialog: I sang for Charlie - I sang for
dialog: teachers at a hundred bucks an
dialog: hour - the teachers got that, I
dialog: didn't -
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: What did you get?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: (glares at him
dialog: balefully)
dialog: What do you mean?
text: Thompson doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I didn't get a thing. Just the
dialog: music lessons. That's all there
dialog: was to it.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: He married you, didn't he?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: He was in love with me. But he
dialog: never told me so until after it
dialog: all came out in the papers about
dialog: us - and he lost the election and
dialog: that Norton woman divorced him.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: What about that apartment?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: He wanted me to be comfortable -
dialog: Oh, why should I bother? You don't
dialog: believe me, but it's true. It
dialog: just happens to be true. He was
dialog: really interested in my voice.
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: What are you smiling for? What do
dialog: you think he built that opera house
dialog: for? I didn't want it. I didn't
dialog: want to sing. It was his idea -
dialog: everything was his idea - except
dialog: my leaving him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM OF KANE'S HOUSE IN NEW YORK - DAY -
text: Susan is singing. Matisti, her voice teacher, is playing the
text: piano. Kane is seated nearby. Matisti stops.
speaker_heading: MATISTI
dialog: Impossible! Impossible!
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Your job isn't to give Mrs. Kane
dialog: your opinion of her talents.
dialog: You're supposed to train her voice.
dialog: Nothing more.
speaker_heading: MATISTI
dialog: (sweating)
dialog: But, it is impossible. I will be
dialog: the laughingstock of the musical
dialog: world! People will say -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: If you're interested in what people
dialog: say, Signor Matisti, I may be able
dialog: to enlighten you a bit. The
dialog: newspapers, for instance. I'm an
dialog: authority on what the papers will
dialog: say, Signor Matisti, because I own
dialog: eight of them between here and San
dialog: Francisco... It's all right, dear.
dialog: Signor Matisti is going to listen
dialog: to reason. Aren't you, maestro?
dialog: (he looks him square
dialog: in the eyes)
speaker_heading: MATISTI
dialog: Mr. Kane, how can I persuade you -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You can't.
text: There is a silence. Matisti rises.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I knew you'd see it my way.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. CHICAGO OPERA HOUSE - NIGHT -
text: It is the same opening night - it is the same moment as before -
text: except taht the camera is now upstage angling toward the
text: audience. The curtain is down. We see the same tableau as
text: before - the terrified and trembling Susan, the apprehensive
text: principals, the maids and singing teachers, the stage hands.
text: As the dissolve commences, there is the sound of applause
text: (exactly as before) and now as the dissolve completes itself,
text: the orchestra breaks frighteningly into opening chords of the
text: music - the stage is cleared - Susan is left alone, terribly
text: alone. The curtain rises. The glare of the footlights jump
text: into the image. The curtain is now out of the picture and
text: Susan starts to sing. Beyond her, we see the prompter's box,
text: containing the anxious face of the prompter. Beyond that, out
text: in the darkness - an apprehensive conductor struggles with his
text: task of coordinating an orchestra and an incompetent singer.
text: Beyond that - dimly white shirt fronts and glistening bosoms
text: for a couple of rows, and then deep and terrible darkness.
text: Closeup of Kane's face - seated in the audience - listening.
text: Sudden but perfectly correct lull in the music reveals a voice
text: from the audience - a few words from a sentence - the kind of
dialog: thing that often happens in a theatre -
speaker_heading: THE VOICE
dialog: - really pathetic.
text: Music crashes in and drowns out the rest of the sentence, but
text: hundreds of people around the voice have heard it (as well as
text: Kane) and there are titters which grow in volume.
text: Closeup of Susan's face - singing.
text: Closeup of Kane's face - listening.
text: There is the ghastly sound of three thousand people applauding
text: as little as possible. Kane still looks. Then, near the
text: camera, there is the sound of about a dozen people applauding
text: very, very loudly. Camera moves back, revealing Bernstein and
text: Reilly and other Kane stooges, seated around him, beating their
text: palms together. The curtain is falling - as we can see by the
text: light which shutters down off their faces.
text: The stage from Kane's angle.
text: The curtain is down - the lights glowing on it. Still, the
text: polite applause dying fast. Nobody comes out for a bow.
text: Closeup of Kane - breathing heavily. Suddenly he starts to
text: applaud furiously.
text: The stage from the audience again.
text: Susan appears for her bow. She can hardly walk. There is a
text: little polite crescendo of applause, but it is sickly.
text: Closeup of Kane - still applauding very, very hard, his eyes
dialog: on Susan.
text: The stage again.
text: Susan, finishing her bow, goes out through the curtains. The
text: light on the curtain goes out and the houselights go on.
text: Closeup of Kane - still applauding very, very hard.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. STUDY - KANE'S NEW YORK HOME - DAY -
text: Some weeks later. Susan, in a negligee, is at the window.
text: There are the remains of her breakfast tray on a little table.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: You don't propose to have yourself
dialog: made ridiculous? What about me?
dialog: I'm the one that has to do the
dialog: singing. I'm the one that gets
dialog: the razzberries.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: Last week, when I was shopping,
dialog: one of the salesgirls did an
dialog: imitation of me for another girl.
dialog: She thought I didn't see her, but -
dialog: Charlie, you might as well make up
dialog: your mind to it. This is one thing
dialog: you're not going to have your own
dialog: way about. I can't sing and you
dialog: know it - Why can't you just -
text: Kane rises and walks toward her. There is cold menace in his
text: walk. Susan shrinks a little as he draws closer to her.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: My reasons satisfy me, Susan. You
dialog: seem unable to understand them. I
dialog: will not tell them to you again.
dialog: (he is very close
dialog: to her)
dialog: You will continue with your singing.
text: His eyes are relentlessly upon her. She sees something in
text: them that frightens her. She nods her head slowly, indicating
dialog: surrender.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
text: Front page of the "San Francisco Enquirer" containing a large
text: portrait of Susan as Thais (as before). It is announced that
dialog: Susan will open an independent season in San Francisco in
text: "Thais." The picture remains constant but the names of the
dialog: papers change from New York to St. Louis, to Los Angeles to
dialog: Cleveland, to Denver to Philadelphia - all "Enquirers."
text: During all this, on the soundtrack, Susan's voice is heard
text: singing her aria very faintly and far away, her voice cracking
dialog: a little.
text: At the conclusion of this above, Susan has finished her song,
text: and there is the same mild applause as before - over the sound
text: of this, one man loudly applauding. This fades out as we -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. SUSAN'S BEDROOM - KANE'S NEW YORK HOME - LATE NIGHT -
text: The camera angles across the bed and Susan's form towards the
text: door, from the other side of which voices can be heard.
speaker_heading: KANE'S VOICE
dialog: Let's have your keys, Raymond.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND'S VOICE
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: KANE'S VOICE
text: The key must be in the other side.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: We'll knock the door down, Raymond.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND'S VOICE
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Mrs. Kane -
speaker_heading: KANE'S VOICE
dialog: Do what I say.
text: The door crashes open, light floods in the room, revealing
text: Susan, fully dressed, stretched out on the bed, one arm dangling
text: over the side. Kane rushes to her.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Get Dr. Corey.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: He rushes out. Susan is breathing, but heavily. Kane loosens
text: the lace collar at her throat.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. SUSAN'S ROOM - LATE NIGHT -
text: A little later. All the lights are lit. Susan, in a nightgown,
text: is in bed, asleep. Raymond and a nurse are just leaving the
text: room, Raymond closing the door quietly behind him. Dr. Corey
dialog: rises.
speaker_heading: DR. COREY
dialog: She'll be perfectly all right in a
dialog: day or two, Mr. Kane.
text: Kane nods. He has a small bottle in his hand.
speaker_heading: DR. COREY
text: The nurse has complete instructions,
dialog: but if you care to talk to me at
dialog: any time, I should be only too
dialog: glad - I shall be here in the
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Thank you. I can't imagine how
dialog: Mrs. Kane came to make such a silly
dialog: mistake. The sedative Dr. Wagner
text: gave her is in a somewhat larger
dialog: bottle - I suppose the strain of
text: preparing for her trip has excited
dialog: and confused her.
speaker_heading: DR. COREY
dialog: I'm sure that's it.
dialog: (he starts out)
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: There are no objections to my
dialog: staying here with her, are there?
speaker_heading: DR. COREY
dialog: Not at all. I'd like the nurse to
dialog: be here, too.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Of course.
text: Dr. Corey leaves. Kane settles himself in a chair next to the
text: bed, looking at Susan. In a moment, the nurse enters, goes to
text: a chair in the corner of the room, and sits down.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. SUSAN'S ROOM - DAY -
text: Susan, utterly spent, is lying flat on her back in her bed.
text: Kane is in the chair beside her. The nurse is out of the room.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (in a voice that
dialog: comes from far
dialog: away)
dialog: I couldn't make you see how I felt,
dialog: Charlie. I just couldn't - I
dialog: couldn't go threw with singing
dialog: again. You don't know what it
dialog: means to feel - to know that people -
dialog: that an audience don't want you.
dialog: That if you haven't got what they
dialog: want - a real voice -
dialog: they just don't care about you.
dialog: Even when they're polite - and
dialog: they don't laugh or get restless
dialog: or - you know... They don't want
dialog: you. They just -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: That's when you've got to fight
dialog: them. That's when you've got to
dialog: make them. That's -
text: Susan's head turns and she looks at him silently with pathetic
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: (he leans over to
dialog: pat her hand)
dialog: You won't have to fight them
dialog: anymore.
dialog: (he smiles a little)
dialog: It's their loss.
text: Gratefully, Susan, with difficulty, brings her other hand over
dialog: to cover his.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. ESTABLISHING SHOT OF XANADU - HALF BUILT
scene_heading: INT. THE GRAND HALL IN XANADU -
text: Closeup of an enormous jigsaw puzzle. A hand is putting in
text: the last piece. Camera moves back to reveal jigsaw puzzle
text: spread out on the floor.
text: Susan is on the floor before her jigsaw puzzle. Kane is in an
text: easy chair. Behind them towers the massive Renaissance
text: fireplace. It is night and Baroque candelabra illuminates the
dialog: scene.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (with a sigh)
dialog: What time is it?
text: There is no answer.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Charlie! I said, what time is it?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (looks up - consults
dialog: his watch)
text: Half past eleven.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I mean in New York.
speaker_heading: KANE
text: Half past eleven.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: At night?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Yes. The bulldog's just gone to
dialog: press.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (sarcastically)
dialog: Hurray for the bulldog!
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Half past eleven! The shows have
dialog: just let out. People are going to
dialog: night clubs and restaurants. Of
dialog: course, we're different. We live
text: in a palace - at the end of the
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You always said you wanted to live
text: in a palace.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Can't we go back, Charlie?
text: Kane looks at her smilingly and turns back to his work.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Charlie -
text: There is no answer.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: If I promise to be a good girl!
dialog: Not to drink - and to entertain
dialog: all the governors and the senators
dialog: with dignity -
dialog: (she puts a slur
dialog: into the word)
dialog: Charlie -
text: There is still no answer.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
text: Another picture puzzle - Susan's hands fitting in a missing
dialog: piece.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
text: Another picture puzzle - Susan's hands fitting in a missing
dialog: piece.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. XANADU - LIVING ROOM - DAY -
text: Another picture puzzle.
text: Camera pulls back to show Kane and Susan in much the same
text: positions as before, except that they are older.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: One thing I've never been able to
dialog: understand, Susan. How do you
dialog: know you haven't done them before?
text: Susan shoots him an angry glance. She isn't amused.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: It makes a whole lot more sense
dialog: than collecting Venuses.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You may be right - I sometimes
dialog: wonder - but you get into the
dialog: habit -
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (snapping)
dialog: It's not a habit. I do it because
dialog: I like it.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I was referring to myself.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: I thought we might have a picnic
dialog: tomorrow - it might be a nice change
dialog: after the Wild West party tonight.
dialog: Invite everybody to go to the
dialog: Everglades -
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: (throws down a piece
dialog: of the jigsaw puzzle
dialog: and rises)
dialog: Invite everybody! Order everybody,
dialog: you mean, and make them sleep in
dialog: tents! Who wants to sleep in tents
dialog: when they have a nice room of their
dialog: own - with their own bath, where
dialog: they know where everything is?
text: Kane has looked at her steadily, not hostilely.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I thought we might invite everybody
dialog: to go on a picnic tomorrow. Stay
dialog: at Everglades overnight.
text: (he pats her lightly
dialog: on the shoulder)
dialog: Please see that the arrangements
dialog: are made, Susan.
text: Kane turns away - to Bernstein.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You remember my son, Mr. Bernstein.
text: On the soundtrack we hear the following lines of dialogue:
speaker_heading: BERNSTEIN'S VOICE
dialog: (embarrased)
dialog: Oh, yes. How do you do, Mr. Kane?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE JR.'S VOICE
dialog: Hello.
text: During this, camera holds on closeup of Susan's face. She is
text: very angry.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. THE EVERGLADES CAMP - NIGHT -
text: Long shot - of a number of classy tents.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
scene_heading: INT. LARGE TENT - EVERGLADES CAMP - NIGHT -
text: Two real beds have been set up on each side of the tent. A
text: rather classy dressing table is in the rear, at which Susan is
text: preparing for bed. Kane, in his shirt-sleeves, is in an easy
text: chair, reading. Susan is very sullen.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I'm not going to put up with it.
text: Kane turns to look at her.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I mean it.
dialog: (she catches a slight
dialog: flicker on Kane's
dialog: face)
dialog: Oh, I know I always say I mean it,
dialog: and then I don't - or you get me
dialog: so don't do what I say I'm going
dialog: to - but -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: You're in a tent, darling. You're
dialog: not at home. And I can hear you
dialog: very well if you just talk in a
text: normal tone of voice.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I'm not going to have my guests
dialog: insulted, just because you think -
dialog: (in a rage)
dialog: - if people want to bring a drink
dialog: or two along on a picnic, that's
dialog: their business. You've got no
dialog: right -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: I've got more than a right as far
dialog: as you're concerned, Susan.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Oh, I'm sick and tired of you
dialog: telling me what I must and what I
dialog: musn't do!
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: You're my wife, Susan, and -
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I'm not just your wife, I'm a person
dialog: all by myself - or I ought to be.
dialog: I was once. Sometimes you get me
dialog: to believing I never was.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: We can discuss all this some other
dialog: time, Susan. Right now -
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I'll discuss what's on my mind
dialog: when I want to. You're not going
dialog: to keep on running my life the way
dialog: you want it.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: As far as you're concerned, Susan,
dialog: I've never wanted anything - I
dialog: don't want anything now - except
dialog: what you want.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: What you want me to want, you mean.
dialog: What you've decided I ought to
dialog: have - what you'd want if you were
dialog: me. But you've never given me
dialog: anything that -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Susan, I really think -
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Oh, I don't mean the things you've
dialog: given me - that don't mean anything
dialog: to you. What's the difference
dialog: between giving me a bracelet or
dialog: giving somebody else a hundred
dialog: thousand dollars for a statue you're
dialog: going to keep crated up and never
dialog: look at? It's only money. It
dialog: doesn't mean anything. You're not
dialog: really giving anything that belongs
dialog: to you, that you care about.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (he has risen)
dialog: Susan, I want you to stop this.
dialog: And right now!
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Well, I'm not going to stop it.
dialog: I'm going to say exactly what I
dialog: think.
dialog: (she screams)
dialog: You've never given me anything.
dialog: You've tried to buy me into giving
dialog: you something. You're -
dialog: (a sudden notion)
dialog: - it's like you were bribing me!
dialog: That's what it's been from the
dialog: first moment I met you. No matter
dialog: how much it cost you - your time,
dialog: your money - that's what you've
dialog: done with everybody you've ever
dialog: known. Tried to bribe them!
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Susan!
text: She looks at him, with no lessening of her passion.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You're talking an incredible amount
dialog: of nonsense, Susan.
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Whatever I do - I do - because I
dialog: love you.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Love! You don't love anybody! Me
dialog: or anybody else! You want to be
dialog: loved - that's all you want! I'm
dialog: Charles Foster Kane. Whatever you
dialog: want - just name it and it's yours!
dialog: Only love me! Don't expect me to
dialog: love you -
text: Without a word, Kane slaps her across the face. They look at
dialog: each other.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: You - you hit me.
text: Kane continues to look at her.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: You'll never have another chance
dialog: to hit me again.
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: Never knew till this minute -
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Susan, it seems to me -
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Don't tell me you're sorry.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I'm not sorry.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I'm going to leave you.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: No, you're not.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Yes.
text: They look at each other, fixedly, but she doesn't give way.
text: In fact, the camera on Kane's face shows the beginning of a
text: startled look, as of one who sees something unfamiliar and
dialog: unbelievable.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. KANE'S STUDY - XANADU - DAY -
text: Kane is a the window looking out. He turns as he hears Raymond
dialog: enter.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Mrs. Kane would like to see you,
dialog: Mr. Kane.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: All right.
text: Raymond waits as Kane hesitates.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Is Mrs. Kane -
dialog: (he can't finish)
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Marie has been packing since
dialog: morning, Mr. Kane.
text: Kane impetuously walks past him out of the room.
scene_heading: INT. SUSAN'S ROOM - XANADU - DAY -
text: Packed suitcases are on the floor, Susan is completely dressed
text: for travelling. Kane bursts into the room.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Tell Arnold I'm ready, Marie. He
dialog: can get the bags.
speaker_heading: MARIE
dialog: Yes, Mrs. Kane.
text: She leaves. Kane closes the door behind her.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Have you gone completely crazy?
text: Susan looks at him.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Don't you realize that everybody
dialog: here is going to know about this?
dialog: That you've packed your bags and
dialog: ordered the car and -
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: - And left? Of course they'll
dialog: hear. I'm not saying goodbye -
dialog: except to you - but I never imagined
dialog: that people wouldn't know.
text: Kane is standing against the door as if physically barring her
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I won't let you go.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: You can't stop me.
text: Kane keeps looking at her. Susan reaches out her hand.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Goodbye, Charlie.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Don't go, Susan.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Let's not start all over again,
dialog: Charlie. We've said everything
dialog: that can be said.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Susan, don't go! Susan, please!
text: He has lost all pride. Susan stops. She is affected by this.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: You mustn't go, Susan.
dialog: Everything'll be exactly the way
dialog: you want it. Not the way I think
dialog: you want it - by your way. Please,
dialog: Susan - Susan!
text: She is staring at him. She might weaken.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Don't go, Susan! You mustn't go!
dialog: (almost blubbering)
dialog: You - you can't do this to me,
dialog: Susan -
text: It's as if he had thrown ice water into her face. She freezes.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I see - it's you that this is being
dialog: done to! It's not me at all. Not
dialog: how I feel. Not what it means to
dialog: me.
dialog: (she laughs)
dialog: I can't do this to you!
dialog: (she looks at him)
dialog: Oh, yes I can.
text: She walks out, past Kane, who turns to watch her go, like a
dialog: very tired old man.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
scene_heading: INT. "EL RANCHO" CABARET - NIGHT -
text: Susan and Thompson at a table. There is silence between them
dialog: for a moment.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: In case you've never heard of how
dialog: I lost all my money - and it was
dialog: plenty, believe me -
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: The last ten years have been tough
dialog: on a lot of people.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: They haven't been tough on me. I
dialog: just lost my money. But when I
dialog: compare these last ten years with
dialog: the twenty I spent with him -
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: I feel kind of sorry for him, all
dialog: the same -
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (harshly)
dialog: Don't you think I do?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You say you're going down to Xanadu?
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Monday, with some of the boys from
dialog: the office. Mr. Rawlston wants
dialog: the whole place photographed
dialog: carefully - all that art stuff.
dialog: We run a picture magazine, you
dialog: know -
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I know. If you're smart, you'll
dialog: talk to Raymond. That's the butler.
dialog: You can learn a lot from him. He
dialog: knows where the bodies are buried.
text: She shivers. The dawn light from the skylight above has grown
text: brighter, making the artificial light in the night club look
text: particularly ghastly, revealing mercilessly every year of
dialog: Susan's age.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Well, what do you know? It's
dialog: morning already.
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: You must come around and tell me
dialog: the story of your life sometime.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL - XANADU - NIGHT -
text: An open door shows the pantry, which is dark. Thompson and
text: Raymond are at a table. There is a pitcher of beer and a plate
text: of sandwiches before them. Raymond drinks a glass of beer and
text: settles back.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Yes, sir - yes, sir, I knew how to
dialog: handle the old man. He was kind
dialog: of queer, but I knew how to handle
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Queer?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Yeah. I guess he wasn't very happy
dialog: those last years - he didn't have
dialog: much reason to be -
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR AND TELEGRAPH OFFICE - XANADU - NIGHT -
text: Raymond walking rapidly along corridor. He pushes open a door.
text: At a desk in a fairly elaborate telegraph office sits a wireless
text: operator named Fred. Near him at a telephone switchboard sits
text: a female operator named Katherine (not that it matters).
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Mr. Charles Foster Kane announced
dialog: today that Mrs. Charles Foster
dialog: Kane has left Xanadu, his Florida
dialog: home, under the terms of a peaceful
dialog: and friendly agreement with the
dialog: intention of filing suit for divorce
dialog: at an early date. Mrs. Kane said
dialog: that she does not intend to return
dialog: to the operatic career which she
dialog: gave up a few years after her
text: marriage, at Mr. Kane's request.
dialog: Signed, Charles Foster Kane.
text: Fred finishes typing and then looks up.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Exclusive for immediate
dialog: transmission. Urgent priority all
dialog: Kane papers.
speaker_heading: FRED
dialog: Okay.
text: There is the sound of the buzzer on the switchboard. Katherine
text: puts in a plug and answers the call.
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: Yes ... yes... Mrs. Tinsdall -
dialog: Very well.
dialog: (turns to Raymond)
dialog: It's the housekeeper.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: KATHERINE
dialog: She says there's some sort of
text: disturbance up in Mrs. Alexander's
text: room. She's afraid to go in.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE SUSAN'S BEDROOM - XANADU - NIGHT -
text: The housekeeper, Mrs. Tinsdall, and a couple of maids are near
text: the door but are too afraid to be in front of it. From inside
text: can be heard a terrible banging and crashing. Raymond hurries
text: into scene, opens the door and goes in.
scene_heading: INT. SUSAN'S BEDROOM - XANADU -
text: Kane, in a truly terrible and absolutely silent rage, is
text: literally breaking up the room - yanking pictures, hooks and
text: all off the wall, smashing them to bits - ugly, gaudy pictures -
text: Susie's pictures in Susie's bad taste. Off of occasional
text: tables, bureaus, he sweeps Susie's whorish accumulation of
dialog: bric-a-brac.
text: Raymond stands in the doorway watching him. Kane says nothing.
text: He continues with tremendous speed and surprising strength,
text: still wordlessly, tearing the room to bits. The curtains (too
text: frilly - overly pretty) are pulled off the windows in a single
text: gesture, and from the bookshelves he pulls down double armloads
text: of cheap novels - discovers a half-empty bottle of liquor and
text: dashes it across the room. Finally he stops. Susie's cozy
text: little chamber is an incredible shambles all around him.
text: He stands for a minute breathing heavily, and his eye lights
text: on a hanging what-not in a corner which had escaped his notice.
text: Prominent on its center shelf is the little glass ball with
text: the snowstorm in it. He yanks it down. Something made of
text: china breaks, but not the glass ball. It bounces on the carpet
text: and rolls to his feet, the snow in a flurry. His eye follows
text: it. He stoops to pick it up - can't make it. Raymond picks
text: it up for him; hands it to him. Kane takes it sheepishly -
text: looks at it - moves painfully out of the room into the corridor.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE SUSAN'S BEDROOM - XANADU -
text: Kane comes out of the door. Mrs. Tinsdall has been joined now
text: by a fairly sizable turnout of servants. They move back away
text: from Kane, staring at him. Raymond is in the doorway behind
text: Kane. Kane looks at the glass ball.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (without turning)
text: Close the door, Raymond.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: (he closes it)
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Lock it - and keep it locked.
text: Raymond locks the door and comes to his side. There is a long
text: pause - servants staring in silence. Kane gives the glass
text: ball a gentle shake and starts another snowstorm.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Raymond -
dialog: (he is almost in a
dialog: trance)
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Yes, sir -
text: One of the younger servants giggles and is hushed up. Kane
text: shakes the ball again. Another flurry of snow. He watches
text: the flakes settle - then looks up. Finally, taking in the
text: pack of servants and something of the situations, he puts the
text: glass ball in his coat pocket. He speaks very quietly to
text: Raymond, so quietly it only seems he's talking to himself.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Keep it locked.
text: He slowly walks off down the corridor, the servants giving way
text: to let him pass, and watching him as he goes. He is an old,
dialog: old man!
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. KANE'S CHAPEL - XANADU - LATE AFTERNOON -
text: As the dissolve completes itself, camera is travellling across
text: the floor of the chapel past the crypts of Kane's father and
dialog: mother - (marked: James Kane - 18- TO 19-; Mary Kane - 18- TO
text: 19-;) - past a blank crypt, and then holding on the burial of
text: Kane's son. A group of ordinary workmen in ordinary clothes
text: are lowering a very expensive-looking coffin into its crypt.
text: Kane stands nearby with Raymond, looking on. The men strain
text: and grunt as the coffin bangs on the stone floor. The men now
text: place over it a long marble slab on which is cut the words:
scene_heading: CHARLES FOSTER KANE II.
dialog: 1907 - 1938
scene_heading: ONE OF THE WORKMEN
dialog: Sorry, Mr. Kane, we won't be able
dialog: to cement it till tommorrow. We -
text: Kane looks right through him. Raymond cuts him short.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Okay.
text: The men tip their hats and shuffle out of the chapel. Kane
text: raises his head, looks at the inscription on the wall. It is
text: a little to one side of Junior's grave, directly over the blank
text: place which will be occupied by Kane himself.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Do you like poetry, Raymond?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Can't say, sir.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Mrs. Kane liked poetry -
text: Raymond is now convinced that the old master is very far gone
dialog: indeed - not to say off his trolley.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Yes, Mr. Kane.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Not my wife - not either of them.
text: He looks at the grave next to his son's - the grave marked
dialog: "MARY KANE."
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (catching on)
dialog: Oh, yes, sir.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: (looking back up at
dialog: the wall)
dialog: Do you know what that is?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (more his keeper
dialog: than his butler
dialog: now)
dialog: It's a wall you bought in China,
dialog: Mr. Kane.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: Persia. It belonged to a king.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: How did you get him to part with
dialog: it, Mr. Kane?
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: He was dead... That's a poem. Do
dialog: you know what it means?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: No, I don't, Mr. Kane.
speaker_heading: KANE
dialog: I didn't used to be afraid of it.
text: A short pause. His eyes still on the wall, but looking through
text: it, Kane quotes the translation.
speaker_heading: KANE
text: The drunkeness of youth has passed
dialog: like a fever, And yet I saw many
dialog: things, Seeing my glory in the
dialog: days of my glory, I thought my
dialog: power eternal And the days of my
dialog: life Fixed surely in the years But
dialog: a whisper came to me From Him who
dialog: dies not. I called my tributary
dialog: kings together And those who were
dialog: proud rulers under me, I opened
dialog: the boxes of my treasure to them,
dialog: saying: "Take hills of gold,
dialog: moutains of silver, And give me
dialog: only one more day upon the earth."
dialog: But they stood silent, Looking
dialog: upon the ground; So that I died
dialog: And Death came to sit upon my
dialog: throne. O sons of men You see a
dialog: stranger upon the road, You call
text: to him and he does not step. He
dialog: is your life Walking towards time,
dialog: Hurrying to meet the kings of India
dialog: and China.
dialog: (quoting)
dialog: O sons of men You are caught in
dialog: the web of the world And the spider
text: Nothing waits behind it. Where
dialog: are the men with towering hopes?
dialog: They have changed places with owls,
dialog: Owls who have lived in tombs And
text: now inhabit a palace.
text: Kane still stares at the wall, through it, and way beyond it.
text: Raymond looks at him.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE OUT:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE IN:
scene_heading: INT. GREAT HALL - XANADU - NIGHT -
text: Thompson and Raymond. Raymond has finished his beer.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: (callously)
dialog: That's the whole works, right up
dialog: to date.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Sentimental fellow, aren't you?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Yes and no.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: (getting to his
dialog: feet)
dialog: Well, thanks a lot.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: See what I mean? He was a little
text: gone in the head - the last couple
dialog: of years, anyway - but I knew how
dialog: to handle him.
dialog: (rises)
dialog: That "Rosebud" - that don't mean
dialog: anything. I heard him say it.
dialog: He just said "Rosebud" and then he
dialog: dropped that glass ball and it
text: broke on the floor. He didn't say
dialog: anything about that, so I knew he
dialog: was dead - He said all kind of
dialog: things I couldn't make out. But I
dialog: knew how to take care of him.
text: Thompson doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: You can go on asking questions if
dialog: you want to.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: We're leaving tonight. As soon as
dialog: they're through photographing
dialog: the stuff -
text: Thompson has risen. Raymond gets to his feet and goes to the
text: door, opening it for him.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Allow yourself plenty of time.
text: The train stops at the Junction On
dialog: signal - but they don't like to
dialog: wait. Not now. I can remember
dialog: when they'd wait all day ... if
dialog: Mr. Kane said so.
text: Raymond ushes Thompson into
scene_heading: INT. THE GREAT HALL - XANADU - NIGHT -
text: The magnificent tapestries, candelabra, etc., are still there,
text: but now several large packing cases are piled against the walls,
text: some broken open, some shut and a number of objects, great and
text: small, are piled pell mell all over the place. Furniture,
text: statues, paintings, bric-a-brac - things of obviously enormous
text: value are standing beside a kitchen stove, an old rocking chair
text: and other junk, among which is also an old sled, the self-same
text: story. Somewhere in the back, one of the vast Gothic windows
text: of the hall is open and a light wind blows through the scene,
text: rustling the papers.
text: In the center of the hall, a Photographer and his Assistant
text: are busy photographing the sundry objects. The floor is
text: littered with burnt-out flash bulbs. They continue their work
text: throughout the early part of the scene so that now and then a
text: flash bulb goes off. In addition to the Photographer and his
dialog: Assistant, there are a Girl and Two Newspaperment - the Second
text: and Third Men of the projection room scene - also Thompson and
dialog: Raymond.
text: The Girl and the Second Man, who wears a hat, are dancing
text: somewhere in the back of the hall to the music of a phonograph.
text: A flash bulb goes off. The Photographer has just photographed
text: a picture, obviously of great value, an Italian primitive.
text: The Assistant consults a label on the back of it.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
speaker_heading: NO. 9182
text: The Third Newspaperman starts to jot this information down.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: "Nativity" - attributed to
dialog: Donatello, acquired Florence 1921,
dialog: cost 45,000 lira. Got that?
speaker_heading: THIRD NEWSPAPERMAN
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: All right! Next! Better get that
text: statue over there.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Okay.
text: The Photographer and his Assitant start to move off with their
text: equipment towards a large sculpture in another part of the
dialog: hall.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: What do you think all that is worth,
dialog: Mr. Thompson?
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Millions - if anybody wants it.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: The banks are out of luck, eh?
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Oh, I don't know. They'll clear
dialog: all right.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: "Venus," Fourth Century. Acquired
dialog: 1911. Cost twenty-three thousand.
dialog: Got it?
speaker_heading: THIRD NEWSPAPERMAN
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: (patting the statue
dialog: on the fanny)
dialog: That's a lot of money to pay for a
dialog: dame without a head.
speaker_heading: SECOND ASSISTANT
dialog: (reading a label)
text: No. 483. One desk from the estate
dialog: of Mary Kane, Little Salem,
dialog: Colorado. Value $6.00.
speaker_heading: THIRD NEWSPAPERMAN
dialog: Okay.
text: A flashlight bulb goes off.
speaker_heading: SECOND ASSISTANT
dialog: We're all set to get everything.
dialog: The junk as well as the art.
text: Thompson has opened a box and is idly playing with a handful
text: of little pieces of cardboard.
speaker_heading: THIRD NEWSPAPERMAN
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
text: It's a jigsaw puzzle.
speaker_heading: THIRD NEWSPAPERMAN
dialog: We got a lot of those. There's a
dialog: Burmese Temple and three Spanish
text: ceilings down the hall.
text: Raymond laughs.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Yeah, all in crates.
speaker_heading: THIRD NEWSPAPERMAN
dialog: There's a part of a Scotch castle
dialog: over there, but we haven't bothered
text: to unwrap it.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: I wonder how they put all those
dialog: pieces together?
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: (reading a label)
dialog: Iron stove. Estate of Mary Kane.
dialog: Value $2.00.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Put it over by that statue. It'll
dialog: make a good setup.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Who is she anyway?
speaker_heading: SECOND NEWSPAPERMAN
dialog: Venus. She always is.
speaker_heading: THIRD NEWSPAPERMAN
dialog: He sure liked to collect things,
dialog: didn't he?
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: He went right on buying - right up
dialog: to the end.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Anything and everything - he was a
dialog: regular crow.
speaker_heading: THIRD NEWSPAPERMAN
dialog: wonder - You put all this together -
dialog: the palaces and the paintings and
dialog: the toys and everything - what
dialog: would it spell?
text: Thompson has turned around. He is facing the camera for the
dialog: first time.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Charles Foster Kane.
text: Another flash bulb goes off. The Photographer turns to Thompson
text: with a grin.
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Or Rosebud? How about it, Jerry?
speaker_heading: THIRD NEWSPAPERMAN
dialog: (to the dancers)
dialog: Turn that thing off, will you?
dialog: It's driving me nuts! What's
dialog: Rosebud?
speaker_heading: PHOTOGRAPHER
dialog: Kane's last words, aren't they,
dialog: Jerry?
dialog: (to the Third
dialog: Newspaperman)
dialog: That was Jerry's angle, wasn't it,
dialog: Jerry? Did you ever find out what
dialog: it means, Jerry?
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: No, I didn't.
text: The music has stopped. The dancers have come over to Thompson.
speaker_heading: SECOND NEWSPAPERMAN
dialog: Say, what did you find out about
dialog: him, anyway, Jerry?
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Not much.
speaker_heading: SECOND NEWSPAPERMAN
dialog: Well, what have you been doing?
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Playing with a jigsaw puzzle - I
dialog: talked to a lot of people who knew
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: What do they say?
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Well - it's become a very clear
dialog: picture. He was the most honest
dialog: man who ever lived, with a streak
text: of crookedness a yard wide. He
dialog: was a liberal and a reactionary;
dialog: he was tolerant - "Live and Let
dialog: Live" - that was his motto. But
dialog: he had no use for anybody who
dialog: disagreed with him on any point,
dialog: no matter how small it was. He
dialog: was a loving husband and a good
dialog: father - and both his wives left
dialog: him and his son got himself killed
dialog: about as shabbily as you can do
dialog: it. He had a gift for friendship
dialog: such as few men have - he broke
dialog: his oldest friend's heart like
dialog: you'd throw away a cigarette
dialog: you were through with. Outside of
dialog: that -
speaker_heading: THIRD NEWSPAPERMAN
dialog: Okay, okay.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: What about Rosebud? Don't you
dialog: think that explains anything?
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: No, I don't. Not much anway.
dialog: Charles Foster Kane was a man who
dialog: got everything he wanted, and then
dialog: lost it. Maybe Rosebud was
dialog: something he couldn't get or lost.
dialog: No, I don't think it explains
dialog: anything. I don't think any word
dialog: explains a man's life. No - I
dialog: guess Rosebud is just a piece in a
text: jigsaw puzzle - a missing piece.
text: He drops the jigsaw pieces back into the box, looking at his
dialog: watch.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: We'd better get along. We'll miss
dialog: the train.
text: He picks up his overcoat - it has been resting on a little
text: sled - the little sled young Charles Foster Kane hit Thatcher
text: with at the opening of the picture. Camera doesn't close in
text: on this. It just registers the sled as the newspaper people,
text: picking up their clothes and equipment, move out of the great
dialog: hall.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: INT. CELLAR - XANADU - NIGHT -
text: A large furnace, with an open door, dominates the scene. Two
text: laborers, with shovels, are shovelling things into the furnace.
text: Raymond is about ten feet away.
speaker_heading: RAYMOND
dialog: Throw that junk in, too.
text: Camera travels to the pile that he has indicated. It is mostly
text: bits of broken packing cases, excelsior, etc. The sled is on
text: top of the pile. As camera comes close, it shows the faded
text: rosebud and, though the letters are faded, unmistakably the
text: word "ROSEBUD" across it. The laborer drops his shovel, takes
text: the sled in his hand and throws it into the furnace. The flames
text: start to devour it.
scene_heading: EXT. XANADU - NIGHT -
text: No lights are to be seen. Smoke is coming from a chimney.
text: Camera reverses the path it took at the beginning of the
text: picture, perhaps omitting some of the stages. It moves finally
text: through the gates, which close behind it. As camera pauses
text: for a moment, the letter "K" is prominent in the moonlight.
text: Just before we fade out, there comes again into the picture
text: the pattern of barbed wire and cyclone fencing. On the fence
text: is a sign which reads:
scene_heading: "PRIVATE - NO TRESPASSING"
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
