dialog: City of Joy
dialog: Written by
scene_heading: GERALD BRACH &amp; ROLAND JOFFE
dialog: October 1990
dialog: Early Draft
speaker_heading: FOR EDUCATIONAL
scene_heading: PURPOSES ONLY
speaker_heading: CITY OF JOY
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: TITLE SEQUENCE.
scene_heading: EXT. BIHAR - DAY (DAWN, SUMMER, MID-1980)
text: Heat that has mass. That rises off the parched earth in
text: shimmering waves. After a moment, we see what appear to
text: be figures coming out of the haze, one by one. A family
text: with their few belongings: HASARI PAL, 33, his wife,
text: ALOKA, 28, and their children, daughter, AMRITA, 13,
text: sons MANOOJ and SHAMBU, 11 and 9; HASARI'S MOTHER and
text: FATHER. They embark toward the night, the rising sun
text: behind them.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE - BUS STOP - DAY (DAWN)
text: Hasari's Father passes a gourd of precious water. Hasari
text: serves the children first. Shambu gulps entirely too
text: much, the others forcing him to stop by a unified force
text: of will. Embarrassed, he passes the cup to his brother,
text: who sips, as does his sister. Aloka barely wets her
text: lips, insisting on leaving the last drops for Hasari.
text: And now, a rooster tail of dust rises up behind the
text: approaching bus and the old parents bid farewell to their
text: son's family. There is an intense sadness at leaving
text: the land and Hasari's Mother clings to him...
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I'll send money soon.
text: His Mother nods, as Hasari erupts in a small cough which,
text: by habit, he suppresses. His Mother crushes Aloka to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: HASARI'S MOTHER
dialog: Don't let the children out of your
text: sight. Not for a moment.
dialog: Now the children. She wants to keep them here even as
text: the old man touches her, reminding her she must let them
dialog: go.
speaker_heading: HASARI'S MOTHER
dialog: Help your parents. Don't fight
dialog: with each other. And, Manooj,
dialog: stay away from the cinema, do you
dialog: hear?
text: Shambu, his eyes big as saucers, whispers to his
dialog: grandma...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHAMBU
dialog: I don't want to go. There are bad
dialog: men with long knives who steal
dialog: children.
text: That does it: Hasari's Mother dissolves in tears, but
text: the old man nevertheless unlooses her insistently from
text: the children. Aloka and the children get on the bus as
text: the old man embraces his son.
speaker_heading: HASARI'S FATHER
text: A man's journey to the end of his
dialog: obligations is a very long road.
dialog: Yours begins here.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE/INT. BUS - DAY
text: There's not an empty inch inside the little vehicle or
text: on top. The passengers are silent. A woman breast feeds
text: a baby. Several passengers fan themselves. Many sleep.
text: The Pals squeeze wearily into the rear seat.
speaker_heading: MANOOJ
dialog: (to his neighbor)
dialog: Our farm has died, so we are
dialog: moving to Calcutta to become rich!
dialog: Hasari and Aloka look at each other: If only it were the
dialog: pursuit of wealth and not survival. The woman under-
text: stands. And now the BUS GRINDS forward and the Pals look
text: back. Hasari coughs, suppresses it... as silence falls.
text: The elder Pals stand huddled together in the dust and we
text: see, nestled behind a boulder at the roadside, a tiny,
dialog: blue flower -- beautiful and fragile, but like all things
text: alive, determined to live... and we hear the sound of a
text: DOZEN VOICES CHANTING a quiet mantra in unison as we --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. ASHRAM - ANOTHER FLOWER - DAY
text: This flower floats gently in a bowl of water. The TITLES
text: END as we PULL BACK SLOWLY to reveal a dozen Anglos,
text: several Indians, and one Kenyan seated cross-legged
text: before an aging Yogi, who's quietly urging the suppli-
dialog: cants to find "their light, allow your white light to
text: fill your spirit's eye." Above, ceiling fans move the
dialog: air.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: As we PAN the group, we see that everyone has his/her
text: eyes closed in earnest meditation... until we COME TO an
text: American, MAX LOEB, 29, who pops open first his right eye
text: -- looks to his right and left -- closes his right eye
text: and opens his left eye -- looks left and right... and
text: then, instead of continuing the mantra and the search for
text: his white light, expels a stream of air through his
text: pursed lips, making a vibrating, flatulent sound, one
text: indicative of sizeable frustration and dismissal.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Get serious.
text: Around him, other single eyes pop open, searching for the
text: source of this unmeditative sound. Max nods and smiles
dialog: a wry smile as if to say: This just ain't doin' it for
dialog: me, folks.
scene_heading: INT. SPARTAN ROOM - TRUMPET - DAY
text: Max closes the trumpet case and starts chucking his
text: clothes and books in a knapsack and a small valise. We
text: notice the Hebrew letter chai on a gold chain around his
text: neck. His girl friend, BETSY KAHN, overdressed somewhat
text: in an Indian style, endeavors to exercise the inner peace
dialog: she's been pursuing...
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I swear to God, you never give
dialog: anything enough time! What did
dialog: you expect in five days, Max?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Only what they promise in the
dialog: brochure: Inner peace, serenity,
dialog: and a nice chant that gets rid of
dialog: this rock in my gut. E.S.T., they
dialog: do you in a weekend.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I would really appreciate it if
dialog: you wouldn't be terribly glib just
dialog: now, Max.
dialog: That's okay with Max, who's willing to eschew communica-
dialog: tion of all kinds and just finish heaving his stuff in
dialog: the valise.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Am I to assume you'll be at the
dialog: airport in Calcutta a week from
dialog: tomorrow?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 4.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Impossible to predict, Betsy Ilene
dialog: Kahn. Maybe you better give me my
dialog: ticket.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Screw you, Max -- I paid for it!
dialog: How many times am I going to let
dialog: you walk out on me and come back?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I think only you can answer that,
dialog: Betsy Ilene Kahn.
text: She slaps him.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Do you really think that's an
dialog: appropriate way to get rid of your
dialog: Western rage, Bets?
text: She swings at him again. He catches her hand hard in his
dialog: fist.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: One slap is romantic. Two would
dialog: call for retaliation... Lend me a
dialog: hundred dollars.
text: She yanks free, begins to chant her mantra as he grabs
text: his knapsack and valise and goes out the door. Now,
text: she's silent and, in the simplest sense, deeply hurt.
text: She can't help herself; she cares. We STAY WITH her
dialog: a moment as we --
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY AIRPORT (ASSAM) - WINDING ROAD - DAY
text: Cool, lush hills. A little pack of single-engine two-
text: and four-seaters. Max, in shorts and University of
text: Miami T-shirt, hot, sweaty, appears around a bend in the
dialog: approach road.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT - WAITING ROOM
text: A small service desk. A CLERK, who doubles as Ground
text: Control on the microphone, passing on the prevailing wind
text: and the active runway. We hear the STATIC-BACKED VOICE
text: of a PILOT, giving his call numbers, then announcing
text: he's clear for immediate takeoff on the active runway.
text: The Clerk CLICKS off and finds Max.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 5.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: How you doin'?
text: The Clerk gives Max a warm smile.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Hello.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I've always wanted to walk into a
dialog: little airport just about like
dialog: this one and ask the guy at the
dialog: counter the following question.
dialog: Ready?
text: The Clerk nods; he's at Max's ervice.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: When's the next flight to anywhere?
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: To Bombay. Tomorrow, at one
text: o'clock in the afternoon.
text: A beat --- the Clerk with his smile, Max with his, one
text: simply warm, the other giving off simmering heat.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT - LOW ANGLE - DAY
text: Max sits on the ground, up against the building, playing
text: a jazz line quietly and rather well on his trumpet. A
text: pair of well-shod feet ENTER the FRAME. Max looks up.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The rubicund face of VEEJAY CHATTERGEE, 50, and more
text: British than Churchill. Behind him, his cherubic wife,
text: RAVI... and making her way toward the enclave of small
text: planes, their daughter, MANUBAI, 26.
speaker_heading: VEEJAY
dialog: I say, are you looking for a way
dialog: out of here? We have an extra
dialog: seat. Where are you wanting to
dialog: go?
text: Max's eyes flick from Veejay to the back view of Manubai
text: as she continues on and back to Veejay.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'm wanting to go wherever you're
dialog: wanting to take me.
dialog: 6.
scene_heading: INT. 180 FOUR-SEATER - DAY
text: Max is crammed into the back seat with the plump Ravi.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
dialog: We see now that, contrary to our assumption that Veejay
text: would be in the left seat, it's Manubai who's flying the
text: plane. The NOISE of the ENGINE forces them to speak
text: somewhat loudly.
speaker_heading: VEEJAY
dialog: We were among the fortunate back
dialog: in '48. We got out of East Bengal
dialog: before partition destroyed so many.
dialog: We make mattresses. The Rajah
dialog: Double Spring.
text: Veejay has an old flask out.
speaker_heading: VEEJAY
dialog: We don't have a flight attendant
dialog: on this flight...
dialog: (passing the flask)
dialog: Are you a musician, Mr. Loeb?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Unattached trumpet player and
dialog: recently-certified associate guru.
text: As he takes a hit on the flask, Max's eye focuses on the
text: little mirror on the dash. In it he can see Manubai's
dialog: eyes. If we were to judge by what he sees in them, she
text: doesn't find him the least bit amusing. He smiles his
text: smile at her.
scene_heading: EXT. HOWRAH STATION (CALCUTTA) - DAY (EARLY MORNING)
text: A huge bridge dominates the skyline. The train trundles
text: to a stop, its WHISTLE clearing the way. People hang on
text: its sides, sit on the roof... and now flood the platform,
text: flowing into the station, clearing a view for us of the
text: Pals, clinging to their baggage in the middle of this
text: human anthill.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON THEM (MOVING)
text: Hands reach out with sweets to sell, with tea, asking for
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: MANOOJ
dialog: Daddy, I'm scared.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Scared? No -- why? This is very
dialog: exciting. As soon as we get to
dialog: our friend's house, everything
dialog: will be fine.
text: But, despite Hasari's charade of confidence, they (and
dialog: we) are overwhelmed by the size of the station and the
text: desperate energy of the humanity around them. As they
text: press on, a small beggar woman huddled on the platform
text: turns her eyes eerily on Manooj... as a deformed hand
text: stretches INTO the FRAME. Aloka senses someone: A
text: beggar, face half-hidden and eaten away by leprosy. This
text: terrifying image presses the boys tightly to their
text: mother and moves Hasari to encircle Armita with one hand
text: and attempt to wrap the other three inside the embrace of
text: his other hand. It does not seem possible that he can
text: protect all of them against the predatory eyes watching
text: them. He moves them quickly to a wall...
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Wait right here. Don't move.
speaker_heading: WITH HASARI
text: He moves to a line of VENDORS, shows a piece of paper to
text: one, as he digs out his precious screw of money to make a
dialog: purchase of sweets from the Vendor.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Please, can you direct me to my
dialog: friend at this address? We are
dialog: to stay with him.
text: The Vendor gives the address a look, shows it to the
text: Vendor next to him. Both look at Hasari.
speaker_heading: VENDOR #1
dialog: There's no such address as this in
dialog: Calcutta.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: But that's not possible.
speaker_heading: VENDOR #1
dialog: Of course it is possible! I have
dialog: lived here all my life. You are
dialog: new. Who would know if a place
dialog: exists or does not?
speaker_heading: VENDOR #2
dialog: Bombay, perhaps. Delhi. Look
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Dear God, what now? Stunned, Hasari hands Vendor #1 a
text: rupee and, with the sweets, turns back to his family, his
text: face going through a magical transformation as he
text: prepares to suggest to the family that all is well.
scene_heading: EXT. CHOWRINGHEE LANE - DAY (MIDDAY SUN)
text: A few clean and cared-for Ambassador cars sweep into the
text: gateway of the Grand Hotel, past a gateman.
speaker_heading: RACK FOCUS TO:
speaker_heading: FEET - MAIDAN
text: Feet tramping the pulsating tarmac, sending up dust.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: The Pals, scared, dispirited, weary, consumed by the
text: crowd. They've been walking a long time. Shambu cries;
text: Aloka tries to ease his fear. They stop numbly at the
text: edge of the park, put their bundles down against a long
dialog: wall.
text: Across the way, a thin policeman shares a cigarette with
text: a group of traders. There is a deeply fearful look in
text: Hasari's eyes, a look he is having difficulty controlling
text: now. He needs to revive the family's confidence. He
text: takes out his precious bundle of rupees and gives one to
text: Manooj. Manooj, though, is fixed on the cinema across
text: the street. Hasari indicates a stall just across the
dialog: main road.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Manooj, go and get some fruit.
dialog: Come straight back.
text: Delighted with his task, Manooj sets off, his eyes on the
text: marquee of the theater with its huge cardboard cutout of
text: Kumar Kapur, starring in Hot Gun. Hasari calls out to
text: him to watch where he's going; the mere crossing of the
text: street is a potential parental nightmare. A hand ruffles
text: Manooj's head and a TALL MAN with dark eyes and a sweet
text: smile comes at the boy's anxious parents.
speaker_heading: GANGOOLY (TALL MAN)
dialog: Yes, hello, brother. Bihar, am I
dialog: correct?
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Yes, how did you know?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 9.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Hasari is torn between speaking to the man and watching
text: his son's incredible journey across the street.
speaker_heading: GANGOOLY
dialog: Let me say only that the terrible
dialog: malevolence that has visited your
dialog: part of the country affects us all.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Three years without rain. Nothing
dialog: came out of the earth but debts.
speaker_heading: GANGOOLY
dialog: Terrible. And now, the family on
dialog: the street. It is not acceptable.
dialog: (smile widens)
dialog: And if I can't help, my name is not
dialog: Mr. Gangooly... Which, blessedly,
dialog: it is.
text: And now a smile as full as the sky above.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL BUILDING IN BACK STREET - DAY
text: A brick slides out of the wall.
text: We're BEHIND the brick and see Gangooly's soft face as he
text: reaches in and pulls out a key.
text: The street is small and empty. Though the houses are
dialog: nothing much, to the Pals, they look like palaces.
text: Manooj and Shambu run about in delight. Gangooly motions
text: for quiet. With a flourish, he opens the door.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL ROOM - DAY
text: Gangooly enters, glances around, waves the Pals in.
text: They're amazed. There's a cage occupied by two parrots.
text: In one corner, a small altar dedicated to the goddess
text: Lakshmi is decorated with some flowers and, behind a
text: torn, plastic curtain in a corner, part kitchen, part
text: wash place, containing a tap with running water.
speaker_heading: GANGOOLY
dialog: Be free -- look around.
dialog: On the faces of the family is one thought: Is it
text: possible? Amrita goes right to the parrots.
speaker_heading: GANGOOLY
dialog: They'll need feeding. Give them
dialog: seed. But don't spoil them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He bows briefly before the altar as he moves to the
dialog: washing area.
speaker_heading: GANGOOLY
dialog: And now, one of the miracles of
dialog: life in the city. One and two...
text: He turns on the tap and a stream of brown WATER GURGLES
text: out. The Pals are hypnotized, the fists around their
text: hearts begin to ease.
speaker_heading: GANGOOLY
dialog: Holy water from the Ganges! Flows
dialog: out forever. Come -- touch it.
text: Manooj and Shambu put their hands under the tap.
speaker_heading: GANGOOLY
dialog: Drink! It's as pure as the dew on
text: Shiva's lips.
text: They drink. Gangooly claps in delight... and beckons
dialog: Hasari aside.
scene_heading: FAVORING GANGOOLY AND HASARI
speaker_heading: GANGOOLY
dialog: Now, this place is yours for two
dialog: weeks. My cousin, Moti, is away,
dialog: traveling. Normally, the rent
dialog: takes fifty rupees for a week, but
dialog: for a brother, forty. No, don't
dialog: thank me.
text: Hasari pulls out his little screw of money.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I have only seventy-five, but as
dialog: soon as I have work...
speaker_heading: GANGOOLY
dialog: Give me the fifty, pay the rest
dialog: next week. You'll find work, I
dialog: trust you. Aren't I from Bihar,
dialog: too? Yes.
text: And the money is in his hand. He joins his hands
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: GANGOOLY
dialog: You are pleased? Then Mr. Gangooly
dialog: is pleased. It's how I am.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He turns on his heel and he's gone. For a moment, the
text: Pals are still, swept from the brink of catastrophe to
text: salvation... and now, as one, they release their sheer
dialog: and utter joy.
scene_heading: INT. CHATTERGEE STAIRCASE - DAY
text: Ravi and Veejay leading Max up the grand staircase,
text: Manubai in the foyer, looking after them.
scene_heading: INT. GUEST ROOM - DAY
text: Ravi leads the way into a lovely guest bedroom.
speaker_heading: RAVI
dialog: I hope this is all right. The
dialog: room hasn't been aired or the bed
dialog: turned, but --
speaker_heading: VEEJAY
dialog: Oh, he doesn't care about that, do
dialog: you, Max? Here, look here.
text: Veejay opens a little cupboard, stocked with liquor.
speaker_heading: VEEJAY
dialog: Help yourself. Be comfortable.
dialog: Ravi, come on, go, go, let's leave
text: the young man to himself.
text: Obediently, Ravi goes. Veejay follows. Max goes to the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: The beautiful Manubai in the garden.
speaker_heading: MAX
text: He lies down on the bed. He's found Nirvana.
scene_heading: INT. MAIN ROOM - DAY
text: It's Hasari who watches now. There's LAUGHTER from Aloka
text: and Amrita. Joyful SHOUTS from the boys. Hasari is
text: alone in the main room, on his knees, in front of the
text: pile of their baggage and bundles. He turns his atten-
text: tion from the laughter to a just-opened, old suitcase.
text: He takes out a small tea box. Opens it delicately.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: It's full of something brown. He pushes his fingers in
dialog: and feels this bit of earth with a tenderness that's
text: almost religious, puts a pinch to his nose and breathes
text: it in. The LAUGHTER and SHOUTING from the bathing area
dialog: is GROWING.
scene_heading: INT. BATHING AREA
text: Shambu is paddling near the tap. Aloka is bending over
text: the drain and Amrita is rinsing her heavy, dark hair
text: with a pot. Manooj is nearby, rubbing himself with an
text: old towel. Hasari enters unnoticed and looks at the
dialog: group with tenderness... and with gratitude for their
dialog: good fortune.
text: A MAN, red with anger, yanks the curtain aside, stares.
text: The family freezes. Aloka's hair drips unnoticed on her
dialog: sari.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: What are you doing here? Who are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: My name is Pal, Hasari. Mr.
dialog: Gangooly rented this space to --
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Mr. Who?
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Gangooly. You must be his cousin,
dialog: Mr. Moti.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: I don't know any Gangooly and my
dialog: name is Binal and this is my home
dialog: -- get out!
text: The furious Binal, followed by the Pals, goes into the
text: main part of the room. A small crowd has been attracted
text: by the noise.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: But this is true. We paid him a
dialog: deposit of fifty --
speaker_heading: BINAL
text: A man goes out because he has to
text: work, and some beggar tries to
text: move in while his back is turned.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: This while Binal has begun to throw things out onto the
text: street, though this cleansing of his home doesn't stop
text: him from picking up a stick. The odd sympathizer meets
dialog: with...
speaker_heading: BINAL
dialog: So, should I suffer if they are
dialog: so stupid to jump into the first
dialog: mouth that wants to eat them?
text: He turns with the stick on Hasari.
speaker_heading: BINAL
dialog: You're lucky I don't kill you!
text: Hasari looks at Manooj, who drops his eyes. They collect
text: the remainder of their possessions and hurry out the
dialog: door.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL STREET - DAY
text: Full of neighbors. There's a suppressed violence in the
text: air. A man pushes Aloka. Sweat streaming down his face,
text: Hasari confronts the man. A WOMAN pushes the men apart.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Go to the river. Try to squeeze
dialog: in there.
scene_heading: EXT. VICTORIA MONUMENT - STREET - NIGHT (DUSK)
text: Calcutta broiling: Buses, vendors, carts, rickshaws,
text: children beg at car windows. The Pals stand, uncertain,
text: and for the first time a rickshaw fills Hasari's eye,
text: carrying two passengers. But now he shoulders his burden
text: and leads the family toward the river. We HOLD until
text: they grow small against the setting sun, gleaming red
text: against the white domes of the Victoria Monument.
scene_heading: INT. CHATTERGEE'S LIBRARY - TORSO - NIGHT
text: Moving through the dark, a figure, touching things,
text: looking at photographs of the Chattergees. We hear
text: a MUFFLED DIALOGUE mixed with the SINGING a la Dean
dialog: Martin of "Everybody Loves Somebody Sometime":
dialog: "Goddamn it, boy, what's the matter with you? --
dialog: "Everybody loves somebody sometime" -- "Go for it,
dialog: son!" -- "Sure, Dad, whatever you say, Dad." --
dialog: "Everybody falls in love somehow" -- "You're the dad,
text: Dad." Now, a humidor. Max opens it, takes out a
text: cigar, takes two. Takes five. Senses someone. Turns.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Ravi in her bathrobe.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'm starving.
text: He gives her his best saint's smile.
speaker_heading: RAVI
dialog: Well, you don't want to eat those
dialog: awful cigars. Come with me, we'll
dialog: wake up the cook, she'll fix you
dialog: something proper.
scene_heading: EXT. KITCHEN - WINDOW - NIGHT
text: THROUGH the window, we see the bleary-eyed cook laying
text: out food as Ravi chatters away at Max, he with a beatific
text: grin on his face as he feeds himself.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER BANK - HOWRAH BRIDGE - DAY
text: The bridge etched against the dawn sky. The corpse of
text: an indigent is collected and put on a cart.
speaker_heading: MANOOJ
text: With his eyes open, watching the dead man being removed.
speaker_heading: FAMILY
text: After their humiliating flight, they found refuge here.
text: Tiny figures huddled together with their baggage and
text: bundles, near a tree, not far from the steps that dip
text: down to the smooth water. Hasari's eyes, too, are on
text: the dead man, that warning. He kneels beside Manooj,
text: strokes him. The boy's eyes turns to the man's,
dialog: wondering if the man can provide for them.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Don't let it frighten you. You
dialog: have to be brave. I know we'll
dialog: find work today.
text: Fear and doubt fill Manooj's eyes. He nods.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKS - DAY
text: Hasari at the gates, the family huddled together in
text: the b.g. The man behind the gate shakes his head,
dialog: points.
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: A line of a hundred men stretches from a door. Hasari
text: is on the edge of panic, but when he turns to the family,
text: he's wearing his confident smile. As before, he gathers
text: the family into the protectorate of his arms and guides
text: them onward. As he pushes off into the sea of humanity,
text: we PULL BACK AND UP, FILLING the FRAME WITH street upon
text: street, disappearing Hasari.
scene_heading: FROM STREET - INTO WORKSHOP - HASARI AND OWNER
text: Two plump men in shirt sleeves look coolly at Hasari.
text: The elder shakes his head. The younger shows Hasari
text: the door.
text: Outside, an increasingly desperate Hasari finds
text: Aloka before a small shrine, saying a prayer.
scene_heading: EXT. BARA BAZAR - DAY
text: Aloka huddled with Manooj and Amrita. Hasari talking
text: to the owner of a small market stall. Shambu is peering
text: into a shop with male mannequins in the window.
scene_heading: INT. MEN'S SHOP - MOVING MIRROR
text: In the moving mirror we see counters and shelves of men's
dialog: clothing.
text: The mirror stops at Max slipping into a kurta before an
text: audience of Ravi, Manubai, and a salesman.
speaker_heading: RAVI
dialog: It's not extravagant at all. You
dialog: can't go around all week in your
text: tribal garb.
text: Max sees a boy's face pressed to the glass: he indicates
text: the shirt, for the boy's approval. The boy smiles a
dialog: wonderful smile.
speaker_heading: RAVI
text: Now he looks civilized, doesn't
dialog: he, Manubai?
speaker_heading: MANUBAI
dialog: Almost.
text: Max looks at her. She at him.
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: EXT. MEN'S SHOP - DAY
text: Man leans down, whispers to the smiling boy...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You sure I look all right?
text: The little boy nods. Max slips him several rupees...
text: and he, Manubai, and Ravi fold themselves into her tiny
dialog: car as --
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Shambu runs to his dejected family.
speaker_heading: SHAMBU
dialog: Look! A man gave me these many
dialog: moneys!
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: What man? Why -- did you ask him
dialog: for money?
speaker_heading: SHAMBU
dialog: He just gave it to me.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Where is he?
text: Shambu looks, but the car's gone.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Don't do that. We're not beggars.
text: Shambu is devastated. Out of his own desperation,
dialog: Hasari feels he's been a little rough on the boy. He
text: holds him close.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Go back to the river. Wait for me
dialog: by the tree. Don't go anywhere.
dialog: Do you understand?
text: Aloka, the boys nod. We WATCH them as Hasari heads
text: off, quickly becoming a small figure disappearing into
dialog: the sea.
scene_heading: EXT. JUTE MILL DAY - LATE AFTERNOON SUN
text: Starting to sink. We PAN DOWN TO Hasari stepping to
text: a grilled window as the man ahead moves out.
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: INT. JUTE MILL - DAY
text: A flaking gray wall, half-obscured with moldering files.
text: The grilled window lets in a little light and the quiet
dialog: supplications of those outside.
text: An old CLERK at a desk. A voice calls out. The Clerk
text: looks up, crosses to the grill.
text: Hasari's tense face through the bars. A TRUCK RUMBLES
text: past, drowning out the words... except these: "...trade
text: union." The Clerk shakes his head sadly. On the verge
text: of panic, Hasari hangs onto the window...
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Do you have family?
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Yes, yes of course. But I'm
dialog: three days without work. I'll
dialog: take anything.
text: The Clerk digs in his pocket, presses two rupees on
dialog: Hasari.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Here, now go away.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: No, I don't want you to give me --
text: The next man in line forcibly moves Hasari out of the
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: CLERK
text: In this city, a man with a family
dialog: can't be proud. Take it!
text: The Clerk waves him away, turns his attention to the
dialog: next man.
scene_heading: INT. CHATTERGEE RECEPTION ROOM - DAY (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: Manubai's face. Then Max's. Then hers. Then his.
text: Looking at each other. Five days. Kiss. Ravi.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I said you have three days to
dialog: get me into bed, and I'm betting
dialog: you can't do it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MANUBAI
dialog: It's all right for you to use my
dialog: mother as your tour guide and
dialog: meal ticket, because she'll get
dialog: something nice out of it. But
dialog: what would I get?
text: He stares at her a moment, then gets up, goes around the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Well, gee, I don't know. Maybe I
dialog: could say something so amusing
dialog: that you'd laugh so hard it would
dialog: break that hot poker you have up
dialog: your ass.
text: She stares at him. He bends to kiss her. She doesn't
text: pull away... but after a moment he realizes she isn't
text: responding. He continues the kiss, but he opens his
text: eyes... to find her staring at him. He pulls back.
text: They stare at each other another moment, then Max
text: senses someone in the doorway.
speaker_heading: RAVI
text: Staring at them, disappointment filling her eyes.
speaker_heading: MAX
text: The same sound of frustration and ennui he made in the
dialog: ashram.
scene_heading: EXT. CHATTERGEE HOME - DAY
text: His arm around Max, Veejay guides the young man toward
text: a waiting taxi.
speaker_heading: VEEJAY
dialog: Believe me, I understand, but you
dialog: know how women are. Do you have
dialog: enough money?
text: Max gives him a non-commital shrug. Veejay winks,
text: stuffs the money into Max's pocket.
scene_heading: EXT. GREEN ACRES COURTYARD - COW - DAY (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: Bare feet... and then sneakered feet step over the sleep-
text: ing bovine, who turns a disinterested eye up.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Max is guided by a grumpy hall PORTER wearing an off-
text: white shirt and bellbottoms through the walled and well
text: planted courtyard of an inexpensive hotel. Max gives the
dialog: cow a bemused eye...
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: The room is utterly utilitarian. The Porter turns on a
text: ceiling fan, sending an army of cockroaches scurrying
text: for calmer terrain. Max clearly doesn't care for
text: cockroaches.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: It pleases you?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: No fruit basket? No mini bar?
text: Max hands the Porter several rupees.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Bar? Of course -- many, many.
dialog: But make care, Sahib. Please,
dialog: for me. If it is lady you like
dialog: to know -- yes? -- you let me.
dialog: Huh? Very sweet girl, good
dialog: nature, very sweet. Or boy, very
dialog: good...
text: Max puts a finger on the Porter's head, turns him for
text: the door.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: No like boy? Something then for
dialog: smoke -- mmmh, very good for smoke!
speaker_heading: AT DOOR
text: Max eases the Porter out. As the door is closing...
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Maybe you like two girls -- look
dialog: a little Chinese, but very great
dialog: pleasure.
text: Max smiles his smile and disappears the Porter behind the
text: closed door. The smile disappears and the FAN gets his
text: attention; it has an annoying rhythm and sound. He
text: flicks the switch, but the fan continues to snap around.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He stares at it... and startles us by suddenly flicking
text: out a hand and grabbing the blade, stopping the fan.
text: He lets go. The fan is still. He carries his knapsack
text: to the tub; it has brown stains along the middle and
text: the water has a brown tinge as it flows out of the tap.
text: He sits on the edge of the tub, dumps his knapsack on
text: the floor, picks up a half-dozen pamphlets from the
dialog: ashram.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON PAMPHLETS
dialog: Guides to inner peace.
speaker_heading: RESUME
text: He wings the pamphlets at the trashcan.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVERBANK - HOWRAH BRIDGE - DAY (EARLY EVENING)
text: Hasari comes around the corner of a warehouse, a smile
text: on his face, clutching some bananas and dried grain.
dialog: His relief -- and ours -- is short-lived.
speaker_heading: TREE AND BANK
text: The space where he left the family has been cleared
text: and taken over by trucks. He's lost his family.
scene_heading: HOWRAH BRIDGE ROAD
text: A group of Hindus are celebrating a puja, the women
text: singing canticles at the top of their lungs; the men
text: tossing a little boy happily back and forth... as the
text: panic-stricken Hasari rushes up.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: My wife, my children...
text: Hasari rushes on. Suddenly we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: UNDER BRIDGE - DAY
text: His head turns and his eyes look this way, that way...
text: until out of the near silence, we hear a distant,
dialog: extraordinary word...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CHILD (O.S.)
dialog: Daaaaaaddddddyyyyy!
text: The word catches Hasari's ear. He looks into the sea
text: of people along the river bank under the bridge.
speaker_heading: CHILD (O.S.)
dialog: Daaaaaadddddddyyyy!
text: As in a dream, Shambu rises up out of the sea of bodies
text: ... and runs to his father.
speaker_heading: SHAMBU
dialog: Daaaaadddddyyyy!
text: Now, Aloka, Amrita, Manooj appear, rising up out of the
text: sea, ending Hasari's nightmare.
text: A warrior returning from battle, Hasari engulfs the
dialog: little boy.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I told you to remain where I left
dialog: you! I told you to stay there!
speaker_heading: MANOOJ
dialog: The police came!
speaker_heading: SHAMBU
dialog: We said we had to meet you, but
dialog: they didn't care! They were
dialog: mean!
text: As before, Hasari tries to engulf the rest of his family
text: in the protectorate of his arms. In the b.g., Arun and
dialog: his family.
speaker_heading: ALOKA
dialog: These friends have found space.
dialog: They will share with us.
text: Hasari looks at the tiny space. The roof is cardboard
text: and cloth and half an old movie poster featuring the
text: actor Kumar Kapur. Hasari looks at his tiny bit of
text: food, debates a moment... then puts his hands together,
dialog: addresses these generous people.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I would be proud if you would
dialog: share our food with us.
text: Everyone looks at the food; there is no disguising their
dialog: hunger.
dialog: 22.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: Distant transistor MUSIC as we PAN DOWN: The Pal
text: children sleep despite the QUIET MOANS and nightmare
text: CRIES around them, the two boys huddled together, Amrita
text: close to her mother.
text: Hasari comes out of the dark. Aloka looks at him. He
text: shakes his head. He slumps beside her. Aloka strokes
text: Hasari, looking lovingly at him.
speaker_heading: ALOKA
dialog: I remember the first time I saw
dialog: you, on the day of our marriage.
text: Wearing a bright yellow turban.
dialog: You asked me my name and you said,
dialog: 'You are a very beautiful girl
dialog: and I am wondering whether you
dialog: will find me appealing.'
text: He strokes her tenderly in return... but now, overwhelmed
text: with despair, she begins to weep.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: What?
text: She doesn't want to say it, doesn't want to wake the
dialog: children.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: It's all right -- what?
speaker_heading: ALOKA
dialog: I miss the village. There I
dialog: could help.
text: Hasari pulls Aloka close, strokes her.
scene_heading: EXT. GREEN ACRES - NIGHT
text: The sky turns red. The Porter looks up, shakes his head:
text: Poor young man, stuck with only a trumpet for company.
scene_heading: INT. MAX'S ROOM
text: Max sits on the floor in a corner and plays as we hear
text: the sound of a fierce WHISTLE and a SCREAMING ENGINE.
scene_heading: EXT. SETTLEMENT - CLOSE ON BULLDOZER - DAWN
text: A gigantic earthmover lurches into position.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Swarming police.
speaker_heading: PALS
text: Awaken -- startled, disoriented. Aloka gentles the
text: children as Hasari moves instinctively toward the threat.
speaker_heading: SCENE
text: A black ambassadorial car pulls up, out of which steps
text: a BABU. A microphone and speaker has been set up.
text: Another car unloads several politicos with party banners.
text: A minion hands the Babu the mike; he wants to get on with
text: it before this turns into a political rally. Hasari is
text: close to him, as is Arun.
speaker_heading: BABU
dialog: The municipality has directed us
dialog: to carry out the destruction of
dialog: this settlement. All of you must
dialog: go -- now!
text: For a moment there is a babble of fear and frustration.
text: Then from Hasari's side, Arun confronts the Babu.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: For what reason?
text: The Babue appears disconcerted. He's not accustomed to
dialog: the poor asking questions.
speaker_heading: BABU
dialog: Because this settlement is
text: impeding construction work.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: We're not moving! Why should
dialog: we move? Who is the municipality?
dialog: We are! This is our home!
speaker_heading: BABU
dialog: I have my orders.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: If we're driven from here, where
dialog: should we go?
speaker_heading: BABU
dialog: I'll give you five minutes to
dialog: gather your things. Then, the
text: settlement comes down.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Why should you alone be burdened
dialog: with such a task? Let me help!
text: Arun begins to tear his shelter apart, and to heave the
text: pieces at the Babu, who retreats. Others soon take up
text: the call to vent their frustration, hurling things at
text: the police and at the driver of the tractor. Quickly
text: we've got a full-scale riot. The police wade into the
text: crowd, pounding people with their sticks, Arun one of
text: the first to get hit. He staggers into Hasari's arms.
scene_heading: FAVORING PALS/ARUN AND HIS FAMILY
text: Unbelievable! Panic-stricken, Hasari and Aloka gather
text: the children and their few belongings... as beside them
text: a woman goes down from a stick to the head; Aloka stops
text: instinctively to help the woman, but Hasari grabs her,
text: trying to shelter her and the children as well as Arun's
text: wife and children, clutching Arun to him as in the chaos
text: they manage to escape.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCH - CLOSE ON BILLBOARD - DAY
text: On the billboard: A maharajah sleeping snugly on a thick
text: mattress. From his dreamland he inquires solicitously:
dialog: "Have you ever thought of a Rajah Double Spring as a
text: present?" We PAN DOWN and FIND the Pals and Arun and his
text: family, panting, terrified, beneath the sign.
speaker_heading: SHAMBU
dialog: Daddy, are we going to die here?
text: Hasari can see on everyone's face this question.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: No! Today, I'm just a mangy dog
dialog: on the street, but soon, I swear,
dialog: I'll look other men in the eye!
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I swear.
text: Yet on his face we see the extraordinary pressure to make
dialog: this promise reality.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE OF RESTAURANT
text: Hasari reaches the head of a line and receives a small
text: handout. Turning away, he studies the morsel of food.
text: His head aches, his belly screams with hunger... but he
text: takes only a single bite, then carefully wraps the rest
text: in a cloth and knots it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He feels a tug at his elbow. It's a 15-year-old BOY with
text: thick, scholarly spectacles.
speaker_heading: RAFIK (BOY)
dialog: Why live like a beggar when you
dialog: can live like a maharajah?
text: Hasari stares at the boy.
scene_heading: INT. BLOOD DISPENSARY - CLOSE ON HASARI'S ARM - DAY
text: A needle injected, blood flowing into a bottle.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Hasari seated on a stool, watching his blood leave his
text: body, his face broken out in perspiration.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I thought you were only taking a
dialog: little.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: We pay more, we take more.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I'm feeling a little dizzy.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: It'll pass.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
text: Rafik and a thin man chatting easily and exchanging ciga-
text: rettes with another attendant. His vision BLURS.
speaker_heading: HASARI AND NURSE
text: With his free hand, he begins to grapple for the Atten-
text: dant to keep his balance, starts to fall... and the
scene_heading: SCREEN GOES BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. DISPENSARY - DAY
text: A woozy Hasari gives Rafik his share; Rafik in turn gives
text: the thin man his share. The thin man bows his farewell.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RAFIK
dialog: Blood is the oil well of the poor,
dialog: brother. Now, give me another
dialog: three and I'll give you these.
text: He opens his hand with its dirty nails. In it lie a
text: little group of pills, like highly-colored sweets.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: What are those?
speaker_heading: RAFIK
dialog: Vitamins. Take these and you can
dialog: give again in a week.
text: While Hasari considers, Rafik pours the pills into
text: Hasari's hand, takes the three rupees. Hasari downs the
dialog: pills.
speaker_heading: RAFIK
dialog: One week. Here. The same time.
text: And he's gone, leaving Hasari, woozy but at least, for
dialog: the moment, blessed to count his money.
scene_heading: INT. MAX'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Max lies on his messed bed, contorted, with his feet up
text: over his head against the wall. A book lies open beside
text: him. A half-eaten room service meal, many hours old,
text: moulders on the bedside table. Max is babbling a mock
text: sports case into his fist...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: They're in the shotgun. There's
text: the snap from center, the clock is
dialog: running -- five, four, three -- he
text: has an open man at the Notre Dame
dialog: twenty for the victory... and he
text: freezes. He freezes! Mr. Choke
dialog: chokes. The fans go --
text: A KNOCK at the door. Max shuts up, falls off the wall.
text: He crosses to the door. Opens it. POOMINA is 16,
text: beautiful and exotic-looking behind her excessive makeup.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - FAVORING MAX
text: The porter pushes the girl gently into the room, smiling
text: at Max, nodding. The door is closed.
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: MAX AND POOMINA
text: He may have been receptive to a "sweet, young girl," but
text: not a kid in her teens.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Got an I.D. on you?
dialog: (she doesn't get it)
dialog: How old are you?
speaker_heading: POOMINA
dialog: Twenty, sahib.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I buy that.
text: She approaches him seductively.
speaker_heading: POOMINA
dialog: I can do anything you want, sahib.
text: She fingers the Hebrew letter at Max's throat, on its
text: gold chain. For a moment, Max is mesmerized by this
text: child; but then, as she begins more serious ministra-
text: tions, he pulls back.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Hold it, time out. Time, there's
text: time out on the field.
speaker_heading: POOMINA
dialog: Is problems, sahib?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Is problems, yeah, just a couple.
speaker_heading: POOMINA
dialog: No, please, yes, I can --
text: There's something desperate in her that makes him put a
text: finger to her lips and say...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: How 'bout some chow?
dialog: (she doesn't get it)
dialog: I was just about to order some room
dialog: service. Food. I call, they come,
dialog: we eat.
text: She stares at him.
scene_heading: INT. MAX'S ROOM - NIGHT (HALF HOUR LATER)
text: Max smokes a Monte Cristo and watches Poomina, like a
text: frightened little animal, devour the last of a Green
text: Acres room service meal and then wrap a small piece of
text: fish in the paper napkin.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She looks up at him, delivers a small burp. Covers her
text: mouth in charming embarrassment.
speaker_heading: POOMINA
dialog: Now, you are ready for great
dialog: pleasure, yes?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Watching you eat was my great
dialog: pleasure. Now you go home.
text: As he escorts her toward the door, Poomina is distressed.
text: Max realizes she can't leave empty-handed. He pulls out
dialog: some notes.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: For you.
text: She hasn't given up, though, and as he takes the money,
text: she stands on tiptoe and kisses him. Torn, Max begins
text: to respond. He stops himself, his grip on her causing
text: her discomfort. His breath comes in little bursts.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You're a very wet kisser. Work on
dialog: it, get in touch in five years.
text: He leads her toward the door. Like some lunatic comedy.
text: she resists. He pushes. She locks her knees. He opens
text: the door.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Goddamn it, cut it out! Now, good
dialog: night.
text: He muscles her out the door, closes it, wipes his lips.
text: He stares at a parade of cockroaches gliding along the
text: wall as he listens to her CRYING quietly on the other
text: side of the door. He debates... and he loses. Opens the
text: door. Poomina stands there; the tears stop and a lip-
text: twitching smile lights her face.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Five years already? Gee, time
dialog: really flies when you have no
dialog: moral conviction.
text: She slides into his arms, pressing against him. With his
text: shoulder, he closes the door, leaving us outside.
scene_heading: INT. BACK ALLEY - BAR - FLAMING LIGHT - NIGHT
text: A bare light bulb; a SCRATCHY vinyl RECORD on a turn-
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Poomina watches Max do a sleight-of-hand trick with a
text: coin. He tosses it up, brings his hands past each other,
text: then holds out his fists; she picks on... but the other
text: holds the penny. Fooled, she laughs. He does it again;
text: she points to one fist -- empty -- then other -- also
text: empty. Max reaches behind her ear and... produces the
text: coin. She loves it, her laughter escalating. But then
text: she seesm to read something in the b.g. where we see four
text: thugs, two of whom will become known to us as THE GOONDA,
text: a capo to the local "mafia" chieftan, and ASHOKA, son of
text: the local Godfather. Ashoka works on a pimple on his
text: chin. The Goonda meticulously cleans a spot of mud with
text: spit from one of his expensive new running shoes. Max
text: eyes the thugs eyeing him.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Short guys! Quit lookin' at us!
text: This remark goes over big with the thugs. Max doesn't
text: care. He knocks off the last of the beer in his bottle.
text: The bartender brings them two shots of something in two
text: unmatched glasses.
speaker_heading: POOMINA
dialog: Special drink for you, sahib.
dialog: Only the most man can drink it.
dialog: You make try. For me.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: For you, I would drink battery
dialog: acid.
speaker_heading: POOMINA
dialog: Who that finish first. I bet!
text: She puts her glass to her lips and, in a childish,
text: exaggerated way, mimes waiting for him to commence a
text: drinking race with her. The two of them toss off what's
text: in their glasses. The bangla in Max's glass is stronger
text: than battery acid. He does an elaborate routine involv-
dialog: ing the pain, the surprise, the sheer awfulness of the
text: drink. But puts it down with mock machismo.
speaker_heading: POOMINA
dialog: I beat!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I really don't think so -- oh no,
dialog: nay, nay! I never lose the truly
dialog: irrelevant contest.
speaker_heading: POOMINA
dialog: We have fun some more. I bet
dialog: again!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She turns to the bartender, calls for two more. All the
text: while, in the b.g., The Goonda and his two thugs watch
text: emotionlessly and Ashoka works on his acne.
scene_heading: EXT. BAR - NIGHT
text: Max sings "Take It to the Limit" with enormous inebriated
text: sincerity as Poomina helps him out of the bar. There's a
text: big black motorcycle parked outside. Max glances at it
text: as they start down the alley. As he looks back to the
text: road ahead, he finds The Goonda in front of him. Max
text: isn't so drunk that he doesn't sense what this is about.
text: He looks behind him. Indeed, the other two goons are
text: there. Ashoka straddles the big cycle.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Well well. Seek punishment and ye
dialog: shall find.
text: Knowing what's coming, Max nevertheless unleashes a
text: beautiful howl and tries to trample The Goonda off-
text: tackle. From behind, he's hit with a length of stick.
text: He goes down, looks up through blasted eyes at Ashoka as
text: two sticks now land against his shoulder and his head...
scene_heading: EXT. MAHARAJAH SIGN - NIGHT
text: The Pals sleep beneath the sign. Hasari awakens from
text: restive sleep to the sound of a FIGHT. He gets up. The
text: others awaken.
speaker_heading: ARUN
dialog: Don't go -- what are you doing?
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: It sounds like someone needs help.
text: Hasari bolts for the corner.
speaker_heading: ALLEYWAY
text: As Hasari turns into the head of the alley, he can see
text: three men beating someone, a fourth man standing off to
text: the side, watching.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: What are you doing?
dialog: (calling back)
dialog: A man's being beaten here!
text: As Hasari runs down the alley, the MOTORCYCLE FIRES UP
text: and SCREAMS OFF and the three goons take flight.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: HASARI AND MAX
text: Hasari runs up, reaches out to Max, who's barely on his
text: feet. As Hasari touches Max, Max turns and belts Hasari
text: in the nose, nailing Hasari to the wall as Max collapses
text: at Hasari's feet. Hasari grabs his nose with one hand
text: and kneels beside the fallen Max... as a shadow moves
text: and startles Hasari. He peers into the dark... and
text: Poomina steps into the light.
scene_heading: INT. CLINIC/SCHOOL (CITY OF JOY) - MAX'S POV - CRUCIFIX
speaker_heading: - DAY
text: The crucifix sways. Now Max's eyes RACK FOCUS TO the
text: cherubic face of JOAN BETHAL, peering AT the CAMERA
dialog: without sympathy.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Max on a cot in a tiny, spare room, a butterfly bandage
text: under one eye. Joan, Irish, short, stout, hovers over
text: him. Behind her, Hasari Pal.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Good morning, junior, welcome to
dialog: our country.
text: Max manages to sit up. Wishes he hadn't.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Oh, I like the way the room moves
dialog: in circles.
dialog: (checking out his
dialog: accommodations)
dialog: I suppose I should inquire where I
dialog: am.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: You're in the City of Joy.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Is that geographic or spiritual?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Oh, now we require that each
dialog: visitor decide that for himself.
dialog: This gentleman and a young lady
dialog: brought you here.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Did I do that to your nose?
dialog: (as Hasari nods)
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Hasari shrugs, smiles... and a gigantic rat drops in
text: Max's lap. He leaps to his feet and against the wall.
text: The rat scurries away.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What was that -- a Shetland pony?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: I would have to inspect it more
dialog: closely, but I believe that was
dialog: one of our economy-size rats.
text: Max clambers for the door. Too late, Joan thinks to
dialog: say...
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Watch your --
text: Max cracks his head on the door frame.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Thanks -- got it.
text: He ducks outside for some air.
scene_heading: EXT. CLINIC/SCHOOL - NIZAMUDHIN LANE - MAX'S FACE
text: Stunned.
speaker_heading: SQUARE
text: In the dawn light, he finds himself in a small square in
text: a slum, an open sewer running before him. He's repulsed.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Pardon the expression, but Jesus
dialog: H. Christ.
text: From the tea shop, SURYA, a stout old Hindu man dressed
text: in Western clothes, raises a hand in greeting to Joan.
text: On the door Max and Joan have come through: "City of Joy
text: Self Help School &amp; Clinic." Across the way, a young man
text: is dandling a baby on his knee, rubbing its back and
text: sniffing at its neck. Small group of children around a
text: blackboard with a teacher, MARGARETA, doing numbers.
text: RAM CHANDAR, the rickshaw puller, readies to go out to
text: work. Trying to orient himself, Max turns...
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
dialog: ... to find perhaps fifty people, largely women and
text: children, staring at him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He knows them by type: patients. He looks at the sign
text: on the door.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You a doctor?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Oh no, I'm a corporate executive.
text: Doctor arrives at half seven, but
dialog: only three days a week.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: This is obviously one of those
dialog: three days.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Indeed. What brings you to our
dialog: country?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I came to find my white light.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Ah, yes. I take it you didn't
dialog: find it.
speaker_heading: MAX
text: Kept opening the doors and windows
dialog: of my spirit, but couldn't see a
dialog: goddamn thing.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: What do you do in America?
text: Max is slow to answer. Discreetly, Hasari hangs back,
dialog: listens.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Oh, how exciting. Must be
dialog: something illegal. Are you a
dialog: criminal of some sort?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I suppose that depends how you
dialog: define the word: I'm a doctor.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: I see. How long are you here?
dialog: Perhaps I could recruit you for --
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Forget it. You've got your non-
dialog: practicing Catholics. I'm a non-
dialog: practicing doctor.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: How very distressing. Why's that?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Found out I just really don't like
dialog: sick people. Well, I'm outta
dialog: here. I owe you one.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: I can't imagine ever divining how
dialog: to collect, but there are a few of
dialog: us Indians, you know, who believe
dialog: the tourist trade ought to be
dialog: encouraged.
text: Max turns to Hasari. Hasari is incredibly shy, can
text: barely meet Max's eyes.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Thank you very much. Let me...
text: He goes for his money.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: No, please.
text: Max finds his pockets empty. Then reaches for his wrist
text: -- his watch is gone -- and then his throat -- his chai
text: is gone, too.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: I'm afraid they cleaned you out.
dialog: Ram, here's your first rider.
dialog: (to Max)
dialog: Take this.
text: She holds out several rupees toward him. All eyes on
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Go on, it's all right. You'll owe
dialog: me two.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - FLYING FEET - DAY
text: Max in the rickshaw, Hasari running alongside Ram, an
text: exuberant smile slashed across his face.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: You see, I can keep up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: Keep up, of course. Anyone can
dialog: run at this pace. But you think
dialog: it's easy to run and to pull?
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I can do it. I could pull it.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Come on, give him a shot. He's as
dialog: fast as you and looks twice as
text: strong.
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: Will you still pay me when he runs
dialog: you into a ditch?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Absolutely. I trust the man.
text: Suddenly, Ram comes to a stop.
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: All right, you, come, step in here.
text: Hasari looks on Max with enormous gratitude. Ram puts
text: the shafts down, has a short coughing fit, spits some
text: phlegm, looks at Max.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I hope you're taking something for
dialog: that.
text: Ram waves him off as Hasari lifts the shafts to his hips.
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: Now, fine, pull, go.
text: Hasari tries to pull, but the center of gravity isn't
dialog: easy to find. This is enormously difficult and Hasari's
text: very clumsy at it. The street is crowded. The traffic
text: is beginning to back up behind them. The driver and
text: conductor of the tram let fly a tirade of insults.
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: See, mister! What did I tell
dialog: you? Come on! What do you think
dialog: this is -- some village street?
dialog: You've got to move quickly.
text: He turns to Max.
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: You see, it takes a gift.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I say he can do it. I'll bet you
dialog: the fare he can do it.
dialog: (play by play)
dialog: What do you think, rickshaw fans,
dialog: can he do it?
text: The crowd isn't in for fun. Hasari strains forward.
text: The rickshaw moves with him. Ram moves alongside,
text: shouting instructions and oaths. A cop comes on the run,
text: screaming at Hasai... which makes Ram importune more
text: strongly and Max joke more vociferously.
dialog: Even under this incredible pressue, Hasari gains
text: confidence and begins to move quicker, earning shouts
text: of approval from Max and Ram, who now has trouble
text: keeping up as they make their way through the maelstrom,
text: an avalanche of oaths following them.
scene_heading: INT. GODFATHER'S HOUSE - DAY
text: At first all we see are feet on a marble floor. The
text: Goonda's in his running shoes, then Ram and Hasari's
text: bare feet.
text: This is the partitioned splendor of an old house
text: sprinkled with the relics of a grand colonial past.
text: Everything is baroque, rotting and somehow impressive.
text: Hasari has never been anywhere like this, and is caught
text: between curiosity and fear of breathing.
scene_heading: INT. "THRONE ROOM"
text: The three men enter a large room shuttered from the sun-
text: light -- dusty and packed with a ramshackle assortment
text: of furniture. Two fat blue titmice perch in a cage next
text: to ambitious plaster portrait of Napolean.
text: Sitting behind a desk is Ashoka, leaning over a mirror,
text: squeezing a balky pimple.
text: Near a large window, his 60-year-old father, GHATAK, in
text: a European jacket and dhoti, works with intense concen-
text: tration at repairing a pair of broken glasses with a
text: twist of fine wire.
text: The three new arrivals stand silent and respectful
text: before the desk. At last, without raising his head...
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: Not a tongue between you then?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: Yes, yes, I am wondering, sir,
dialog: we are, is it possible you might
dialog: have something for my friend?
text: Ram indicates Hasari, as if there might be some question
text: to whom he's referring. Ashoka attacks the pimple.
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: Let me explain it for your ears,
dialog: sir. My cousin from Bihar has
dialog: just arrived in our city --
speaker_heading: GOONDA
dialog: They've brought a small present
dialog: -- of respect.
text: The Goonda places a small bundle of rupees on the desk.
text: Ashoka allows himself a disinterested glance at
dialog: Hasari.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: So, you want to be a human horse?
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: Oh yes! I have personally witnessed
dialog: his excellence -- yes.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
text: He doesn't talk? Can he neigh at
dialog: least?
dialog: (to Hasari)
dialog: You -- do your ears function?
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Oh yes, Babu. Can I... uhm...?
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: Neigh! Like a horse.
text: Ashoka pulls back his lips, shows his teeth and imitates
dialog: a neigh: "Ne-igh! Ne-igh!"
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Well, yes, Babu, I can do that.
dialog: Would you like me to imitate a
dialog: horse?
text: Finished with the pimple, Ashoka wipes a finger on his
text: shirt and takes a helping off a plate of sweetcakes
dialog: as...
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Behind him, The Godfather walks up to the desk, putting
text: his glasses on. He barely glances at his son, but
text: waves him out of the chair.
text: Ashoka doesn't like it, but he steps aside. As he does,
text: he turns a look of hatred on Hasari. Through no fault of
text: his own, Hasari has made an enemy. Ghatak chews on a pan
text: and casts a benevolent eye on Hasari.
speaker_heading: GHATAK
dialog: Lift your longhi.
text: Hasari does. The Godfather looks at his legs and thighs.
speaker_heading: GHATAK
dialog: The wise men of our nation say that
dialog: nirvana is the attainment of a
dialog: state of supreme detachment. For
dialog: me, nirvana is counting each
dialog: evening, one by one, the rupees
dialog: earned by my two thousand and
text: forty-six rickshaws.
text: Hasari doesn't know whether to respond. A glance at
text: Ram tells him not to. Ghatak gestures for Hasari to
dialog: lower his longhi.
speaker_heading: GHATAK
dialog: You are with family?
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I have a wife and three children,
dialog: Babu.
speaker_heading: GHATAK
dialog: And they must eat, heh. The
text: world is full of open mouths.
text: He chews on this a moment, then opens a drawer... and
text: holds a small, tinkling rickshaw bell toward Hasari.
text: Hasari understands that, incredibly, he has a job. His
text: breath is so shallow, he can barely utter his gratitude.
text: He takes the bell.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I shall be eternally grateful to
dialog: you. From now on, I shall be as
dialog: the youngest of your brothers.
speaker_heading: GHATAK
dialog: Stay loyal. These days, it's a
dialog: crop nobody plants.
text: The Godfather turns his beatific and Godlike smile on
dialog: Hasari Pal.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: EXT. MATTRESS SIGN - DAY (EARLY EVENING)
text: Transitor MUSIC. The Pals load the rickshaw that stands
text: at the road with Ram in it. There are embraces with the
text: bruised Arun and his family.
scene_heading: EXT. SQUARE - NIGHT (EARLY EVENING)
text: We hear the BELL TINKLING as the rickshaw, pulled by
text: Hasari, carrying Ram and Aloka (holding Shambu) arrives
text: (Amrita and Manooj trotting beside their father). Surya,
text: Selima, other neighbors greet them as they come. The
text: Pals glance into the school at Joan, who's teaching
text: an evening class.
speaker_heading: WITH PALS
text: Reverentially, they follow Ram inside as Joan watches.
scene_heading: INT. RAM'S HUT - NIGHT
text: A door opens. Moonlight. Faces peer through the door.
text: Ram lights an oil lamp. In the glow, the family looks
text: around their tiny space. Hardly able to suppress smiles.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Someone has blessed us. A job, a
dialog: roof, a school. Soon I'll be able
dialog: to send money home...
dialog: (looking at Amrita)
dialog: ... and put away a little bit for
dialog: your dowry.
text: In their excitement, the boys run.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: and up to the roof, under the stars. We LOOK UP WITH
dialog: them and:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GREEN ACRES - ON SKY - NIGHT
text: PAN DOWN TO Max on his balcony playing his trumpet as we
dialog: continue to
text: DISSOLVE TO BLACK.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. SQUARE AND STREET (CITY OF JOY) - DAY
text: About twenty tattered street kids faces shining with en-
text: joyment. They run and shout as they pursue something
text: just out of frame.
speaker_heading: WIDE SHOT
dialog: The cause of the excitement is Hasari running TOWARD us,
text: feet flying, as he pulls the rickshaw, loaded with a huge
text: sack. Manooj and Shambu are clinging to the sides of the
dialog: machine.
text: Ram stands in the center of the square. He shouts a
text: command and Hasari struggles to bring the rickshaw to a
text: stop. It's not easy and Sunil -- who's arriving -- has to
text: jump out of the way to the accompaniment of apologies from
text: Hasari and Ram and hoots of laughter from the children.
text: Outside the clinic, a line of perhaps seventy-five wait
text: patiently, watching as Hasari takes off again. The wheels
text: of the rickshaw hit a rut. Hasari loses control, the sack
text: tips back and Hasari is lifted into the air, feet kicking
text: as he tries to regain his balance. Aloka and Amrita,
text: sitting near the bawling Ram, can't hold back their
dialog: laughter.
scene_heading: EXT. SQUARE - HIGH ANGLE - DAY
text: The square is set with obstacles. As Ram shouts instruc-
dialog: tion, we see Hasari negotiate them with much increased
text: skill. He stops in front of a small group. It's his
text: family, plus Joan and Surya. With an exhausted smile, he
text: signs to Aloka and Amrita to get in. They do, and Hasari
text: takes them triumphantly around the circuit.
speaker_heading: HIGH ANGLE
text: Hasari's triumphant ride continues and we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PARK STREET - DAY
text: Hasari rubs the moonstone in his ring on the shafts, then
text: touches his heart and his forehead. A SCHOOL GIRL in
text: uniform, approaches the rickshaw stand. We also see
text: several other pullers, Rassoul, Chomotkar, Ramatullah.
speaker_heading: SCHOOL GIRL
dialog: Rickshaw wallah!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: Let Hasari go!
text: The line of rickshaw pullers turns to Hasari. The other
text: pullers wish him well as he comes forward. His heart
text: pounds; ever so politely, he helps the School Girl into
text: his carriage. She gives him the address of the St. Pius
dialog: School.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I'm sorry, I don't know where that
dialog: is. You're my very first passenger.
speaker_heading: SCHOOL GIRL
dialog: Really. Well, I hope I bring you
dialog: luck.
text: She gives him a sweet smile.
speaker_heading: SCHOOL GIRL
text: That way, and then to the right.
text: His moment has arrived. He looks at Ram... and thrusts
text: his hips forward, setting off into the insanity of the
text: traffic, eyes flicking left and right. A HORN RAILS at
text: him and a taxi tries to run him down, calling and laugh-
text: ing as Hasari jumps in terror.
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Feed the police!
text: Other pullers laugh, call after Hasari... and as he
text: approaches the first corner, he manages to pull out a
text: rupee and deposit it into the hand of the impassive
text: traffic policeman and then turn right.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. PIUS - DAY
text: The School Girl hands him a slip of paper.
speaker_heading: SCHOOL GIRL
dialog: This is my home address. Pick me
text: up promptly at seven each morning.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Yes, thank you, you can depend on
dialog: me.
text: The girl runs into the school yard, met immediately by
text: friends. Hasari looks around at the clean, bustling
text: school, at all the children in their crisp uniforms and
text: a look of great yearning comes over his face.
dialog: 42.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL RESTAURANT - DAY
text: Max is trying to explain to the waiter what he wants.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Beef. You know -- cow? Minced,
dialog: little salt, pepper, slap it flat
dialog: like this, throw it on the grill,
dialog: flip it.
text: Now, though, he just glimpses the shiny gas tank and
text: engine of a motorcycle around the hip of the waiter.
text: He leans out.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Ashoka, astride his motorcycle, GUNNING the ENGINE as a
text: boy runs out of a store with an armload of cassettes.
scene_heading: WITH MAX AND WAITER
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Put it on the grill, I'll be right
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: WITH ASHOKA
text: He pulls the boy's ear, REVS the ENGINE to go... and
text: senses someone close. He turns to find an American
text: hovering at his shoulder.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You know, I have to say you
dialog: really don't look Jewish. I
dialog: believe that's mine.
text: He reaches for the necklace with the Hebrew letter.
text: Ashoka recognizes Max. Looks around for help. There is
dialog: none.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: Don't touch me. No one touches me.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Really?
text: Max grabs Ashoka... who breaks free, and GUNS the CYCLE
text: down a side street. Max gives chase, his aching ribs
text: slowing him a bit.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: SEVERAL CUTS
text: Ashoka, glancing back, begins to open up some distance.
text: Yet, Max hangs tough, weaving like a broken field runner
text: through the mass of bodies and vehicles. Now, suddenly,
text: he loses Ashoka. He has to make a choice about this
dialog: corner or that one. He chooses.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY OF JOY - AROUND CORNER - DAY (EARLY EVENING)
text: A COP steps into his path. He sees Ashoka up ahead. He's
text: hopelessly out of breath.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Oh... great... good...good timing
dialog: ...him!
text: He can't talk and breathe. He points desperately. The
text: Cop glances where Max points, but he makes no move to
text: give chase.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: May I see your passport?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Passport? I'm in the middle of a
dialog: high speed chase. That guy --
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Passport please.
text: A crowd has begun to form. In the distance, we see a
text: group of girls carrying cricket equipment COMING AT us.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: It's in my hotel room.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Passport, please, now.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Ready my lips: I do not have my
dialog: passport with me at this...
dialog: (he gets it)
dialog: Ah, I see, said the blind man.
text: The Cop obviously is doing this at Ashoka's behest. Max
text: starts around the Cop. The Cop, however, sticks his club
text: in Max's face; there's fire in Max's eyes... but a hand
text: takes the Cop's stick before Max can make a big mistake.
dialog: 44.
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE - FAVORING OWNER OF HAND
text: The girls with the cricket equipment (and Margareta,
text: the teacher). The hand belongs to Joan Bethel.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Well, all right, junior, so you'll
dialog: owe me three.
scene_heading: EXT. POST OFFICE - DAY
text: A scribe finishes writing a note home for Hasari. The
text: scribe hands it to Hasari.
scene_heading: INSERT - NOTE AND MONEY ORDER
dialog: "We are well. Manooj does not go in the cinema. I am
dialog: earning my living as a rickshaw wallah. It is my
dialog: honor to send you this."
speaker_heading: RESUME
text: With great pride, Hasari pays the scribe, seals the money
text: order with the message in an envelope, licks the flap,
text: and puts the envelope into the mail slot.
scene_heading: EXT. SQUARE (CITY OF JOY) - TEA SHOP - DAY (DUSK)
text: Surya plays his zither. Max and Joan sit at a table. Max
text: pops little boiled candies into his mouth from a dish on
dialog: the table.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Oh, it was just a whim in the
dialog: beginning really -- to try to
dialog: convince them not to be so bloody
dialog: passive, that they could pull
dialog: themselves up on their own. I
dialog: get a little money from a Swiss
dialog: organization. Now it's become a
dialog: bit more than I can manage.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: It's got to be like trying to
text: drill a hole in water, though.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: We just need a few more hands on
dialog: this little life raft we've set
dialog: afloat here.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: They stare at each other. Shambu has become one of
text: Surya's tea boys and refills their tea.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: You know what I've come to think
dialog: in my middle age, Max?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Nope, no, earthly idea. You're
dialog: pretty much outta my league,
dialog: thought-wise.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: There are really only three
dialog: actions open to a person.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Only three -- okay. And what are
dialog: they?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: To run, to spectate, to commit.
text: Max peers at her a moment, then around the square.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Has it occurred to you that this
dialog: obsession with charity is really a
dialog: flaw in your character?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Charity! It's not charity, dear
dialog: child, it's love. You're very
dialog: badly twisted around, aren't you?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: One of us sure as hell is.
text: The clinic's part-time doctor, SUNIL DASGUPTA, comes out
text: of the clinic after a very long day.
speaker_heading: SUNIL
dialog: I'm off for home, Sister Joan. A
dialog: pleasure to meet you, Dr. Loeb.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: The same.
speaker_heading: SUNIL
dialog: See you day after tomorrow.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Good night, God bless, Doctor.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Generous young man.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: As he watches Sunil head away, Max senses something com-
text: ing at him from the side. A soccer ball almost hits him;
text: he jumps up, handles the ball athletically.
speaker_heading: SQUARE
text: He begins to play with Manooj and several other children.
text: Shambu leaves his post in the tea shop to join them.
speaker_heading: MANOOJ
dialog: Are you the American doctor? Are
dialog: you coming here to help us.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: No, I'm the visiting American
dialog: soccer star, El Max.
speaker_heading: MANOOJ
dialog: Do you go to the cinema in
dialog: America, El Max?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: When I was your age -- two movies,
dialog: plus cartoons every Saturday.
text: Aloka and Amrita are cooking on an open fire bucket. Max
text: almost knocks the fire over. Aloka looks at him, apolo-
text: getic, shy... as Manooj knocks Shambu down at Max's feet.
text: Max scoops the little boy up...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: There you go, little guy. Ut --
dialog: what's this?
text: Reaching behind Shambu's ear, Max produces a boiled sweet.
text: Aloka watches this with a smile; their eyes touch again...
text: as Manooj lets out a cry at the sight of their father.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Ram and Hasari return home. Hasari can hardly walk.
text: Shambu runs to his father, explaining excitedly...
speaker_heading: SHAMBU
dialog: Daddy, there is the doctor from
dialog: America. He saw two movies every
dialog: Saturday. What's in your fist?
dialog: Open, Daddy!
text: Shambu pries his father's fist open: seeds.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHAMBU
dialog: Seeds? Why?
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: So we can watch something grow.
scene_heading: EXT. RAM'S HUNT NIGHT - UPSTAIRS
text: Children leaning down as smoke wafts up. We FOLLOW the
text: smoke DOWN TO Max's cigar. Aloka and Amrita laying the
text: food out. Shambu rubbing his father's aching legs as
text: Hasari and Manooj plant the seeds in Hasari's little tea
text: caddy full of earth from home. Max is watching this
text: "family" huddled around the father.
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: Another few months, I'll be able
dialog: to pay off the moneylender in my
dialog: village and go home and open a
dialog: grocery shop. All around me sacks
dialog: overflowing with all kinds of dal
dialog: and rice, aromatic spices, piles
dialog: of vegetables... and at night, I'll
dialog: lie on my back beneath the trees
text: sniffing fresh aubergines.
text: This beautiful picture burrows into Hasari's mind. For
text: a moment, he goes there -- home, to the village...
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: If my wife will let me come within
dialog: a hundred miles of the place where
dialog: she herself resides.
text: Ram laughs, Hasari smiles...
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Amrita, I saw a beautiful wedding
dialog: sari today.
text: Amrita is terribly embarrassed.
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: It was six hundred rupees only.
text: He laughs at the impossibility of the price.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: That's only 40 dollars, isn't it?
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: If you have it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'll send it to you from America
dialog: when I get home tomorrow.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: That's very generous but no,
dialog: thank you.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Repayment for punching you in the
dialog: nose.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: You have repaid me by sharing our
dialog: supper.
text: Joan indicates that Max should let it go. Hasari ever
text: so carefully waters the tea box.
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: Doctor Big Brother, I myself would
dialog: be willing to accept a gift. Could
dialog: you give me five rupees in a note --
dialog: ten, perhaps. My ankle is badly
dialog: swelled; the higher the number the
text: more the swelling sinks.
text: Max has to laugh.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I don't have a cent on me. I'll
dialog: owe you.
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: How much?
text: Now everyone's attentions is taken by a CRY from Shambu,
text: who expels his breath, his terrified eyes directing our
dialog: attention to...
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: It's an amazing sight. Two lepers: ANOUAR, bearded with
text: a sharp intelligent, unmarked face, makes his way along
text: on a small wheeled board, at an amazingly fast pace,
text: ahead of SAID, a huge, mute leper. They stop some feet
dialog: away. Lepers aren't often welcome. Out from behind Said
dialog: steps Poomina.
speaker_heading: POOMINA
dialog: Joan Di, my sister!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She sees Max, gasps, throws herself behind Said. Joan
text: looks at Max -- he starts to speak, she points a finger
dialog: that silences him...
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: It was Poomina who brought you to
dialog: us. She has herself and her
dialog: sister to support. It's all right,
dialog: Poomina. Anouar, what is it?
text: She moves to them. They're all three badly out of breath.
scene_heading: WITH JOAN AND LEPERS
speaker_heading: ANOUAR
dialog: It's Meeta! It's her time. But
dialog: something is wrong. The midwives
dialog: don't know what to do! Dr. Sunil,
dialog: could he help, perhaps?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Dr. Sunil isn't here.
speaker_heading: POOMINA
dialog: Meeta will die.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Joan turns to Max, who hasn't heard the exchange.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Max, I wouldn't ask, but it's an
text: emergency. A pregnancy gone awry.
dialog: It's a leper. Could you have a
dialog: look?
text: Max is clearly thrown by the sight of the lepers.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I don't have any experience with
dialog: leprosy.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Good Christ, son, because she's
dialog: a leper doesn't mean she's not
dialog: built like a woman!
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I can run and get Dr. Sunil.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: It's too far.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Suddenly, impulsively...
speaker_heading: ALOKA
dialog: I could help. I've had three
dialog: babies.
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: You can't do that. They're
dialog: outcasts, they're unclean.
text: There are murmurs of assent from the others.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Oh nonsense! It's not contagious!
text: A beat -- everyone fixed on Max.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: You're a doctor, how can you not
dialog: help?
scene_heading: EXT. PATH-NIGHT
text: The moon reflects off the dark puddles of muddy water
text: that line the side of the railway tracks. Anouar
text: propels his board with astonishing agility along the
text: path, Said and Poomina running with him. Max, Joan,
text: carrying a first aid bag, Aloka and Hasari following,
text: slipping and sliding on the rough ground with its
text: puddles and sewage.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILWAY LINE - LEPER HUTS - NIGHT
text: The little procession arrives outside the three rough
text: huts, made of bamboo, plastic sheeting, cloth, wood
text: and cardboard. A few shadows materialize. Lepers --
text: staring silently.
text: Anouar points into a hut. Joan and Aloka precede Max
text: inside. Max forgets to bend and bumps his head.
scene_heading: INT. HUT - NIGHT
text: The only light is the feeble waver from a candle. The
text: blind Meeta lies on a rough mattress on the ground. Her
text: ragged sari is pulled up to her middle. Her face runs
text: with sweat, her hair is plastered to her face. A girl
text: with black eyes is fanning her with a piece of wood.
text: Meeta sends up a SOFT, uninterrupted MOAN. A wedge of
text: blood-soaked cloth is between her legs.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A middle-age leper is leaning over her -- a midwife,
text: encouraging Meeta with a string of commands in their
dialog: own language.
text: Max kneels, Aloka at his side. His breathing becomes
text: shallow... but then he pulls off the blood-soaked
text: bandages. Between Meeta's legs he can just make out
text: the bottom of a foot. The child is breached. Maybe
text: already dead.
speaker_heading: ALOKA
dialog: Will she die?
text: Max goes into reflex actions. Joan has opened the first
text: aid kit. There's a flashlight among the medicine,
text: alcohol, compresses, scissors, etc. He hands the flash-
dialog: light to Aloka as...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (to Joan)
dialog: Pull me two c.c.'s of Coramine.
text: He nods at Aloka; she illuminates the scene.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Uh-oh, uh-oh, who's this coming'
dialog: down the lane? Why it's -- is it
dialog: possible -- way over here, in
dialog: India -- yes, it's Mr. Choke.
text: He comes to a stop. Everyone stares at him. Meeta
text: moans. For a moment, he stays frozen. Aloka reaches
text: out instinctively, wipes the sweat from his eyes. This
text: gesture seems to free him; he looks at her, looks at the
text: room and its expectant, trusting faces...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'm going to have to turn it --
dialog: the baby. Tell her she has to
dialog: relax these muscles as much as
dialog: she can.
text: He doesn't finish the sentence. Aloka speaks softly to
text: Meeta as Max takes Meeta's arm, makes a tourniquet.
text: Joan hands him the syringe and he injects. Hands the
text: syringe back to Joan and begins to work at turning the
dialog: baby.
text: Aloka takes Meeta's hand and it's a moment before we
text: realize Aloka, with her fine hand, is holding Meeta's
text: fingerless palm.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: A small group waits, trying to determine from the sounds
text: what's happening inside. Anouar pours tea from a pot on
text: the small fire, offers the cup to Hasari. Hasari stares
dialog: at the cup, doesn't want to be impolite, but more than
text: that, doesn't want to touch the cup. He shakes his head,
text: smiles. Anouar drinks off the tea.
speaker_heading: INSIDE
text: Sweat pours down Max's face into his eyes. He shakes it
text: out. Aloka leans forward and, with her new sari, wipes
text: the sweat away again. Max nods thanks.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Tell her again to breathe in short
text: little bursts now.
text: He demonstrates. Aloka does the same to Meeta. Meeta
text: tries to cooperate. And suddenly Max has the baby
dialog: turned.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: All right! Now, tell her to push.
text: Aloka translates. Meeta pushes. The midwife, the little
text: girl, Aloka lean forward.
speaker_heading: MAX
text: Again. Yes! Again. It's coming.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: No one is sitting now. Everyone hangs close to the
text: door. Only Hasari remains apart, seated on a tree stump
text: in the middle of the quad. He coughs; suppresses it.
speaker_heading: INSIDE
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I've got the head. Come on,
dialog: little baby, come on, little
dialog: baby. Be alive, be alive, be
dialog: alive.
text: Aloka wipes the sweat away again. He looks at her, his
text: voice squeezed out through his teeth.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: We've got it, we've got it. Yeah!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He seems as released as Meeta. Then he gives a last
text: gentle tug and a CRY squeezes out of the little piece of
text: life in his hands. Max is fairly overwhelmed by the life
text: in his hands. Poomina steps close, a smile on her lovely
text: face, and touches the baby in Max's hands.
scene_heading: EXT. LANE - NIGHT
text: Max, Joan, Aloka and Hasari walk in silence down Nizamudhin
text: Lane. There is only the mingled sound of COUGHING,
text: MOANING, and a TRANSISTOR RADIO nearby playing a popular
text: song. Outside the clinic, they stop. She takes his hand.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: For a non-practicing doctor, that
dialog: was pretty practiced.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Never been so scared in my life.
text: It's a warm, open moment between them. But now there's
text: the ongoing desperation of her needs.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Max, please, won't you change your
dialog: mind? We desperately need another
dialog: doctor. Full-time. Think about
dialog: it -- just give us a couple of
dialog: months.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Can't do it. Maybe you've got it
dialog: in you to be a saint. I just
dialog: don't.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Then what do you want? What are
dialog: you going to be when you grow up?
dialog: Good night, Aloka, Hasari.
text: Joan goes inside, leaving Max, Aloka, and a very uncom-
text: fortable Hasari alone a moment.
speaker_heading: ALOKA
dialog: Thank you for allowing me to go
dialog: with you.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You could make a helluva nurse.
text: A little smile comes over her face; no one's ever paid
text: her that kind of compliment. She goes into Ram's hut,
text: leaving Max and Hasari now.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I think perhaps you are a good
dialog: man.
text: Hasari brings his hands together and goes inside.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. JOAN'S AND THE PAL'S (ALTERNATE) - NIGHT
text: Max hears Joan praying inside.
speaker_heading: JOAN (O.S.)
dialog: Jesus, my brother, you who I am
dialog: trying to believe are the light
dialog: and salvation of the puking world
dialog: ...
speaker_heading: THE PALS
text: Aloka sits huddled with her husband while their children
dialog: sleep; they listen...
speaker_heading: JOAN (O.S.)
dialog: Please see that we are living in
dialog: madness and darkness here...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: listens.
speaker_heading: JOAN (O.S.)
dialog: ... and we need help. Om, Jesus,
dialog: om and amen.
text: Suddenly, he hurtles into motion. He runs down the alley,
text: his stride stretching out, swallowing up the distance
dialog: between here and the world beyond the City of Joy in
text: great gulps.
scene_heading: EXT. CALCUTTA AIRPORT - ESTABLISHING - DAY
text: A busy, urban airport as opposed to the small country
dialog: airport in which we saw Max earlier. V.O. we hear...
speaker_heading: BETSY (V.O.)
dialog: Yes, yes, yes, that's right, yes!
dialog: I turned in your ticket!
dialog: 55.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT - DAY
text: It's a small place; it's sweltering, and it's packed
text: with hundreds of families shoulder to shoulder. Though
dialog: Betsy's trying to be discreet, it's not a very private
text: place, as we see by the number of people watching Max
dialog: and Betsy.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I bought it, I got a refund!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: But I want to go home with you.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: You want to go home with me?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Then prove it.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Good -- how -- name it.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Buy yourself a ticket.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I would love to do that, Betsy
dialog: Ilene, boy would I love to do
dialog: just that, but I'm financially
dialog: embarrassed at the --
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Use your credit cards.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What credit cards? You know I
dialog: maxed them before we left. Just
dialog: lend me --
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: No! You won't pay me back; you
dialog: never have. Oh, Max!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: They're calling our flight. I
dialog: want to go home with you, Betsy
dialog: Ilene Kahn. Because I have a
dialog: vision. It's...
text: He's trying to woo and charm her. He mimes a kind of
dialog: house shape.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I see you and me, Betsy Ilene
text: Kahn, nibbling toward each other
dialog: through a quarter pounder with
text: cheese, chugalugging a frosty
dialog: light beer -- great taste! Less
dialog: filling! Bowling! I want to go
dialog: bowling, Besty Ilene Kahn!
text: He fires a strike through the watching crowd.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I want... Oh, my Lord Amighty, I
dialog: want so many American things --
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Oh, stop it! You have no earthly
dialog: idea what you want, Max! And
dialog: stop calling me Betsy Ilene Kahn.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Isn't that your name?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: You call me Betsy Ilene Kahn like
dialog: you just met me yesterday.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What should I call you? My girl,
dialog: my significant other --
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Don't get cute! You get cute and
dialog: I swear to God --- you told me once
dialog: I look like my mother!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You do -- so what?
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: See -- you don't understand!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: How could I possibly not
dialog: understand a conversation as easy
dialog: as this one, Betsy Ilene.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I hate you!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Na ya don't.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I stood by you for three years!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: I supported you through your
dialog: internship!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You did.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Why? It was never working. What
dialog: have I been thinking all these
dialog: years -- that you'd change?
dialog: You're the most self-pitying,
dialog: self-destructive, self...
text: She can't find anything fierce enough, so she abates,
text: tries to get it together to make a dignified exit.
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: But you've taught me something,
dialog: Max. You never finish anything.
dialog: Well, I quit. I've found my
dialog: light and I'm free of you.
text: She heads for the gate, people parting to give her a
dialog: wide berth.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - TOWARD THE GATE
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Will you at least call my mother
dialog: and ask her to empty my savings
dialog: account and wire --
speaker_heading: BETSY
dialog: Do it yourself, Max. Call her
dialog: collect. You should have called
dialog: her weeks ago anyway just because
dialog: she's your mother!
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: White light, white light...!
text: She hands her ticket and boarding pass over and she's
text: through the gate. Max turns to find the audience fixed
text: on him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Guerilla theater, folks. 'All the
dialog: world's a stage.' Don't know if
dialog: that word reached you here yet.
dialog: If you'd care to show your
dialog: appreciation by a small donation...
text: Many smiles... and several instant offers of rupees. A
dialog: beat, then...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Aw, what the hell.
text: ... Swallowing his incredible embarrassment, Max takes
dialog: the money.
scene_heading: EXT. SQUARE - DAY (EARLY MORNING)
text: The line is long. At this moment, Joan is checking a
text: child's throat with a tongue-depressor. Aloka is walking
text: beside her with a fistful of depressors and a bag for
text: disposal. Hasari and Ram are getting ready to leave.
text: Anouar appears at Joan's waist.
speaker_heading: ANOUAR
dialog: Good morning, Joan Di. Dr. Loeb
dialog: said many of us could be helped;
dialog: that all it would take is money
dialog: for medication.
text: Anouar hands Joan some newspaper in which something is
text: wrapped. Joan opens the paper. Inside is a good deal of
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: ANOUAR
dialog: Please buy the medication for us.
dialog: If we cannot come here to receive
dialog: it, perhaps Dr. Loeb would come
dialog: to us.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: I'll be happy to buy the medication,
dialog: but Dr. Loeb is not part of this
dialog: endeavor, Anouar; there is only his
dialog: cherished memory.
speaker_heading: ANOUAR
dialog: Then perhaps I am having visions.
text: Anouar's focus is up the lane. Joan follows his focus
dialog: to:
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: THEIR POV
text: Max approaches. A buzz about Max's heroics; hands coming
text: together. Max raises a hand in benediction, makes the
text: sign of the cross. Max claps Hasari on the shoulder;
text: Hasari brings his hands together and gives Max a
text: genuinely pleased smile. Children circle and touch him,
text: Manooj and Shambu among them.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Good morning! Good morning!
dialog: Heckuva morning! Getting ready
dialog: to practice medicine without a
dialog: license, Sister Joan? You don't
dialog: see me soliciting conversions,
dialog: do you?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Well, well, well, I do so love to
dialog: be surprised.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Okay, for starters, pick me out
dialog: someone with something easy I can
dialog: heal, make me look good.
dialog: (to Aloka)
dialog: Aloka, you're my assistant, let's
dialog: go.
text: Aloka smiles, she nods, she accepts.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Max, knock it off, give us a bit
text: of hush.
dialog: (as he does)
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I changed my mind.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: And I'm a bloody bathing beauty.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Okay, so I got left.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Smart girl... So how long am I
dialog: stuck with you?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Two weeks -- or until Mom sends me
dialog: a ticket.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Not worth the aggravation of your
dialog: prattle every day. Six months --
dialog: and not a day less.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: No way. Six weeks -- and that's
dialog: my best offer.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Two months -- and that's my final
dialog: offer.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Done.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Jesus and Mary. The Lone Ranger
dialog: rides again.
text: And now smiles creep onto all their faces as Max goes
text: inside, followed by Joan... and then Aloka -- after she
text: looks at Hasari, gets his nod of encouragement. Too late,
dialog: Joan says...
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Watch your --
dialog: Thud!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Thanks -- got it.
text: The children titter. The teacher, Margareta, admonishes
dialog: them to pay attention and be polite... as we --
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOL GIRL'S HOUSE - HASARI'S WHEELS - DAY (TWO
speaker_heading: WEEKS LATER)
text: The wheels spinning furiously and then stopping abruptly.
text: Hasari, dripping with sweat, panting. The School Girl
text: comes running toward him. After her, in the b.g., her
speaker_heading: MOTHER.
speaker_heading: SCHOOL GIRL
dialog: Hasari, where have you been? I've
text: been waiting almost five minutes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I'm sorry, forgive me. It won't
dialog: happen again.
speaker_heading: SCHOOL GIRL
dialog: We're not going to school today.
dialog: You're taking my mother and me to
dialog: the Bara Bazar. I'm getting
dialog: married!
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Oh, I am so pleased for you!
text: Panting helplessly, Hasari smiles... as he helps the
text: School Girl's Mother into the rickshaw.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Good morning, Hasari.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Good morning, missus.
text: Briskly, he takes up the shafts and sets off.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: Turn right at that corner, Hasari.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: It's farther that way, missus.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: No, not really. Turn there,
dialog: please.
text: Obediently, Hasari turns (as Ramatullah, heading the
text: other way, passes; they wave) and Hasari pulls AWAY FROM
dialog: us.
scene_heading: EXT. SECOND WEDDING SHOP - DAY
text: He helps them out of the rickshaw in front of an
text: expensive-looking bridal shop.
speaker_heading: SCHOOL GIRL
dialog: You must remember this shop,
dialog: Hasari, when it's your daughter's
dialog: time. This is the nicest in the
dialog: city.
text: The Mother gives the School Girl a withering look and
text: hustles her into the shop. Hasari can just barely
dialog: hear...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MOTHER (O.S.)
dialog: Don't say things like that. He's
dialog: never going to be able to buy
dialog: anything here.
speaker_heading: ON HASARI
text: He watches from outside, a look of determination coming
text: over his face. Suddenly a pair of fingers takes hold of
text: his ear, twisting his face painfully.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Ashoka, with The Goonda and two henchmen, in the b.g.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: Not working? How will my father
dialog: eat this evening?
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I was just...
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: You have a daughter?
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Yes, Babu.
speaker_heading: MARWARI (O.S.)
dialog: Rickshaw wallah!
text: Called to work, Hasari starts for his rickshaw, but
text: Ashoka hangs on to his ear for another uncomfortable
text: moment... as he slips a rupee into Hasari's shirt pocket.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: Keep working. Give this to Sister
dialog: Joan and your friend the doctor
dialog: when you go home.
text: Now he hands Hasari a sealed envelope and turns his ear
text: loose. Hasari springs toward his passenger.
scene_heading: INT. EXAMINING ROOM - DAY
text: Max with his stethoscope to Meeta's baby. Meeta in a
text: brightly-colored sari and a lot of bracelets and Aloka
text: looks on. Poomina clings to the wall.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: He's just malnourished. Is she
dialog: giving him the milk we gave her or
dialog: selling it?
text: Aloka asks Meeta in Hindi. Meeta clearly swears she's
text: giving the baby the milk. Aloka pushes her.
speaker_heading: ALOKA
dialog: Not all. Most.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Tell her to give all the milk to
dialog: the baby.
text: Aloka does so as Max bounces the baby, coos to it play-
text: fully. The baby pees all over him. Aloka translates
text: quickly. Meeta starts apologizing. Poomina can't help
text: laughing. Max reminds Meeta that that's once for each
text: of the two weeks of the baby's life. Aloka soothes Meeta
text: as she hustles her, Poomina, and the baby out, then
text: quickly begins to wipe Max's face with a clean rag. This
text: isn't something she's accustomed to doing, but she's
text: doing it before she has time to think. Max finds himself
text: conscious of her closeness to him... and then she becomes
text: suddenly self-conscious and she backs off, ducks her
text: head. He peeks up under.
speaker_heading: MAX
speaker_heading: Psst.
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: It's okay.
text: He smiles. So does she.
scene_heading: EXT. SQUARE - DAY (EARLY EVENING)
text: Sunil stands outside the clinic, rolling his sleeves
text: down. Anouar waits at a polite distance. Exhausted but
text: exhilarated, Max and Aloka emerge with an elderly woman
text: patient, Max singing Chuck Berry to the woman's embar-
dialog: rassed delight: "They're really rockin' in Boston, in
text: Philadelphia, P.A..." Sunil looks at his American
text: colleague, smiles a small smile.
speaker_heading: SUNIL
dialog: Good night, I'll see you day after
dialog: tomorrow.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Good night, Sunil.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: "... Deep in the heart of Texas, around the Frisco
text: Bay..." Manooj and Shambu come charging at Max with the
text: soccer ball, hoping to engage him as a playmate. Hasari
text: returns home with his rickshaw.
text: Selima waves at Max, indicates she's cooking dinner.
text: Joan wanders out of the school as the kids are released
text: and go charging through the square. Joan has the Pal
text: kids in hand.
speaker_heading: SELIMA
dialog: Very special supper for you
dialog: tonight, Doctor Big Brother! Will
dialog: you stay?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Wish I could, Selima, because I'm
dialog: sure hungry! Sixteen hours of
dialog: pestilence and misery always make
dialog: me famished. I have to go with my
dialog: man Anouar tonight. I've got
dialog: lepers to heal!
speaker_heading: ANOUAR
dialog: No, no, you know how patient we
dialog: are. Eat, eat.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (to Aloka)
dialog: You're not tired, are you?
speaker_heading: ALOKA
dialog: Not if you're not.
text: Between Hasari and Aloka, there's just a flicker of
text: tension; evidently, this has become Max's (and her)
text: normal day. But he's also worried about the note from
text: Ashoka. Joan joins them with the Pal children.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Well, I think we've got three very
dialog: good potential scholars here.
text: Behind the children's backs, she points at Manooj and
dialog: indicates the kid's really got a head.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Given him some time here, he'll
dialog: be good enough for a proper school.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: It's more than a father could hope.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Fifteen years from now: Miami,
dialog: Florida, Dr. Manooj Pal, in
dialog: association with Dr. Maxwell Loeb.
text: For a moment, Hasari is swept up in this little reverie,
text: then remembers reality.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: (giving her the note)
dialog: From the godfather's son. For you
dialog: and the doctor.
text: Amidst instant concern, Joan opens the envelope. Looks
text: at Max. We hear the sound of BANGLADESH MUSIC.
scene_heading: INT. GODFATHER'S "THRONE ROOM" - OLD RADIO - DAY
text: The MUSIC is of days gone by, playing on an old RADIO.
text: Sticks of burning incense send off trails of smoke. The
text: godfather, MR. GHATAK, Looking infirm, wipes a tear from
dialog: his eye.
speaker_heading: GHATAK
dialog: Acha!
text: Now we see Max and Joan seated on cushions before the
text: godfather, tea in hand. Max catches a glimpse in an
text: anteroom of several thugs with several young girls, one
text: of whom is Poomina. She catches a glimpse of Max as she
text: disappears past a door. A moment later, her head peeks
text: around the door frame. She brings her hands together.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA (O.S.)
dialog: You!
text: Poomina quickly disappears. Max's attention is pulled
dialog: back to the godfather...
speaker_heading: GHATAK
dialog: I understand that you're interested
dialog: in expanding your clinic and free
dialog: school, and that you intend to
dialog: start treating lepers in the City
dialog: of Joy.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: We'd like to better serve the
dialog: entire community, Mr. Ghatak.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GHATAK
dialog: Of course. That's very good.
dialog: Admirable. And we'd be pleased to
dialog: rent you suitable space. But you
dialog: must understand that certain
dialog: payments will go up.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: I understand the rent would have
dialog: to go up if we rent larger
dialog: quarters from you, Mr. Ghatak, but
dialog: why should we have to pay more
dialog: protection?
speaker_heading: GHATAK
dialog: More people, more potential
dialog: trouble. Strangers. If I don't
dialog: charge you, what will I tell
dialog: others?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: But we can't afford it!
speaker_heading: GHATAK
dialog: Surely if you can expand, you can
dialog: pay more.
dialog: Joan throws up her hands -- how do you reason with this
dialog: man?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Am I stupid, but isn't this
dialog: protection money money we're
dialog: paying you to protect us from you?
speaker_heading: GHATAK
dialog: We live in chaotic times, Miss
dialog: Bethel, Doctor. I control the
dialog: City of Joy and maintain it as a
dialog: model of harmony. It's a miracle,
dialog: but a very fragile miracle.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: And how are we threatening your
dialog: miracle?
speaker_heading: GHATAK
dialog: I admire your courage in choosing
dialog: to work in such a violent place,
dialog: Miss Bethel.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GHATAK (CONT'D)
dialog: Your neighbors in the City of Joy,
dialog: they're not educated, they're
dialog: given to violence, to meanness, I
dialog: can promise you they won't like
text: having lepers among them, but
dialog: because they know you're under my
dialog: protection...
text: He dispatches a globule of spit into the copper urn next
text: to his right toe... and tries to get to his feet. The
text: Goonda hurries forward to help him.
speaker_heading: GHATAK
dialog: Doctor, do you like our music?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Well, I can't say I've developed a
dialog: craving for it yet.
speaker_heading: GHATAK
dialog: It's difficult to appreciate what
dialog: we don't understand, isn't it?
dialog: Let me put it another way: The
dialog: world is a terrible place. Only
dialog: the ruthless prevail. My son will
dialog: make the arrangements with you.
text: One of the thugs helps the godfather outside, where, in
text: the b.g., we see him listening to his music and pottering
text: in his garden. As Max and Joan turn, Max finds himself
text: face to face with Ashoka, who wears Max's necklace and
text: chai. There's a long pause as the two of them take the
dialog: other's measure.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (to Ashoka)
dialog: I like your taste in neckwear.
text: Joan puts a cautioning hand on Max's arm. Ashoka seems
dialog: just the slight bit uneasy dealing with Max and so keeps
text: trying to direct himself to Joan. He smokes a long
dialog: Indian cigarette.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: The entire package we're proposing
dialog: will cost you three thousand rupees
dialog: a month.
text: Joan is taken aback by the sum.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: If we pay you that, we won't have
dialog: any money for supplies.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: I'm told you're very resourceful.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I think I see a solution. May I?
dialog: What if we were to work out a
dialog: profit-sharing arrangement? We
dialog: give you a share of our net profit.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: How do you expect to make a profit
dialog: off of lepers and the poor, Doctor?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Beats the hell outta me, asshole.
dialog: But you've obviously found a way.
dialog: The question would seem to be whether Ashoka will have
text: Max killed here or outside the house. His eyes on Max,
text: Ashoka puts the cigarette out against the back of his
text: hand... and smiles at Max.
scene_heading: EXT. GODFATHER'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Joan is furious.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Have you gone right off your
dialog: rocker!? These people don't have
dialog: a sense of humor. Are you trying
dialog: to get yourself killed?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I don't think so... but with me,
dialog: any duplicity is possible.
text: He tickles her; she knocks his hands away; he tickles her
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Stop it, you... you... you nudnick!
text: He doesn't stop, and as she storms off down the street,
text: he stays right on her, tickling away.
scene_heading: INT. METAL PIECEWORK SHOP - DAY
text: It's dark and claustrophobic. The air vibrates with the
text: SQUEAL and CLATTER of METAL. About twenty kids sit in a
text: line, back to back, manipulating aseries of lethal and
text: unprotected lathes and polishers. No one can hear his
dialog: neighbor.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Hasari, with Shambu in the rickshaw, arrives to take the
text: children home. As he looks inside, he notices...
speaker_heading: HASARI'S POV
text: Not far from Amrita sits a handsome boy (Subash). He
text: catches Amrita's eyes. Amrita is sweetly embarrassed
text: to find her father staring at her.
speaker_heading: ON HASARI
text: But he can't help but smile. At the same time he's re-
dialog: minded moment to moment of his various obligations.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE STREET - DAY
text: The three kids in the rickshaw. An ambassador car
text: swerves in front of Hasari, forcing him to jam to a stop,
text: jolting the kids. The Goonda sits in the back seat with
text: Ashoka, who carves his fingernails with a switchblade
text: knife. He crooks a finger at Hasari. Hasari leans close
text: and Ashoka takes him by the ear.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: Who gave you your rickshaw?
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: The Godfather.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: Who provides the food you eat?
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: The Godfather.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: Remember: Loyalty.
text: He gives Hasari's ear a last tug... and the car continues
text: on, leaving Hasari. He looks at his children, ashamed
text: to have been cowed. Manooj fixes his father with a hard
dialog: look.
scene_heading: EXT. JOAN'S ROOM - KIDS - ABOVE - NIGHT
text: Leaning over, listening, taking in the aroma of...
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: INT. JOAN'S ROOM
text: Max's cigar. He sits slightly apart from Joan, Sunil,
text: Aloka, Ram, Hasari, Selima, Margareta, Surya, SALADDIN,
text: ASHISH and Shanta, Aristotle John, MEHBOUB, Anouar, and
dialog: Said.
text: Hasari is stretched out, Aloka rubbing his screaming
text: legs. Throughout the following, their eyes meet and
dialog: deflect...
speaker_heading: SALADDIN
dialog: The Godfather is at least
text: civilized. The son is vicious.
dialog: Remember the last elections -- the
text: Molotov coctails, the blows with
dialog: iron bars. They'll throw us out.
dialog: We won't be able to find anyone
dialog: else to rent to us. We'll just
dialog: have to agree to pay what he
dialog: wants.
speaker_heading: MEHBOUB
dialog: Saladdin's right. Neither nature
dialog: nor the people with the power
dialog: have any conscience. We have to
dialog: pay.
text: A sigh escapes Surya. He shakes his head. Eyes
text: flick at him.
speaker_heading: ASHISH
dialog: What do you say, Doctor Big
dialog: Brother?
speaker_heading: SUNIL
dialog: I think we must try to break the
dialog: Godfather's hold on us.
text: This is startling and is met with a babble of cautious
dialog: agreement and dispute.
speaker_heading: SUNIL
dialog: Please, hear me out. But I think
dialog: we have to be very cautious.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: How the hell do you proceed with
dialog: caution against these people?
dialog: You can't. You have to risk
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAX (CONT'D)
dialog: You try to negotiate with these
dialog: people, you make compromises with
dialog: them, they'll eat you alive. Stand
dialog: up against them now and they'll
dialog: fold. I guarantee it. Underneath,
dialog: they're cowards, they got no guts.
dialog: We show them we're strong and
dialog: the'll just move on to easier
dialog: pickings.
speaker_heading: ASHISH
dialog: We? You have an airplane ticket.
text: Still, he's clearly piqued a lot of support.
speaker_heading: SUNIL
dialog: You know, Max, this is not
dialog: American gangster television.
speaker_heading: SALADDIN
dialog: Yes, if you're wrong, you don't
dialog: have to be here.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'm not wrong. You bow your heads,
dialog: you plead with your Gods to do
dialog: what you won't do yourselves.
dialog: You put up with this nightmare
dialog: as if there were no choice. I'm
dialog: telling you, if you don't stand
dialog: up to that little pimple face
dialog: now, he'll own you for the rest
dialog: of your lives.
text: Everyone stares at him. Many of them want to buy his
text: commitment. There's another large sigh from Surya.
text: Aloka and Hasari's eyes bang off of each other, she
text: silently urging him to speak. He's deeply conflicted
text: and deeply frightened.
speaker_heading: ANOUAR
dialog: Even though I am invisible to some
dialog: of you and I don't have a complete
dialog: set of legs to stand on, I stand
dialog: with the Doctor Big Brother. Maybe
dialog: nature doesn't have a conscience
dialog: or those with the power, but don't
dialog: we?
text: Said, the giant mute, mades an unintelligible sound in
text: his throat, but clearly he's agreeing with Anouar.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MARGARETA
dialog: I agree with Anouar and Max Daddah.
dialog: I think it's worth the chance.
text: Silence... until Aloka and Hasari's meet again and, out
text: of his terrible fear and conflict, he says very shyly...
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Is it permitted to speak?
text: There are quick nods around the room. With great difficulty,
dialog: Hasari says his piece.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I want my children to be educated
dialog: and cared for; this is our home,
dialog: we have never had such friends.
dialog: But many of us owe a great debt
dialog: to the Godfather. He is strong
dialog: and could kill us... But we must
dialog: choose. I trust my Big Brother.
dialog: I say we must stand up.
text: There's still dissension, but somewhat more support.
text: Said makes a fierce, unintelligible supportive sound.
text: Surya sighs again. Eyes flick at the old man.
speaker_heading: SUNIL
dialog: Sister Joan, what do you think,
dialog: really?
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Well, I think Max has hit on the
dialog: heart of what we're trying to build
dialog: here: a self-help society. Each
dialog: of us has to decide for himself.
dialog: As for me, I suppose I think,
dialog: really, that if the bastards are
dialog: going to suck us dry, I'd like to
dialog: get in a couple of good left-
dialog: handers before I turn the other
dialog: cheek.
speaker_heading: SALLADIN
dialog: But who will rent to us!
text: Surya clucks his tongue and shakes his head; everyone
text: assumes he is preparing a heated refutation of the
text: resisters. His sighs, though, have been a building
dialog: commitment.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SURYA
dialog: I have a property I will rent you
dialog: for two hundred rupees a month,
dialog: and not a rupee less. As for
dialog: protection... you are on your own.
text: Many of the faces are uncertain -- Hasari's notable among
dialog: them.
scene_heading: MONTAGE - INT./EXT. COWSHEDS - DAY
text: A) Two cows are shooed out of the ramshackle building as
text: bustling activity on the new clinic begins. Cleaning
text: the place. Debris being torn out, hurled into a
text: pile in the street.
text: B) Said, with the strength of three men, holds up a heavy
text: beam while Hasari tries to secure it. Max, hot,
text: smelly, and hating the place, stands in the middle of
text: the room, wishing he were elsewhere. The beams starts
text: to slip. Max leaps to Hasari's side.
text: C) We see that Max and Hasari are thrown together again
text: in some carpentering task in uneasy camaraderie. A
text: finger pokes Max on the back. He turns to find
text: Poomina holding out two cups of tea.
text: D) The whole group shares a meal, prepared under the
text: direction of Selima, though the lepers remain separate
text: from the normals. Anouar leads the lepers in singing
text: a song. Joan and Margareta pick it up, as do several
dialog: other of the normals.
dialog: E) Equipment from the old school/clinic being moved from
dialog: the square down here.
dialog: F) Max and Aloka do one of those dances where two people
text: with arms loaded try to go around each other. Finally
dialog: he says he'll stand still and she should go around
text: him. They both laugh. Hasari watches.
text: G) As Max puts medicine into a cabinet, Ram peeks in,
text: nods his approval, "helpfully" passes Max something
text: Max can reach just fine himself, shows Max an enormous
text: hole in his shorts and hits Max for ten rupees.
text: H) A small truck carrying a charitable organization's
text: logo on the side is being unloaded of powdered milk
dialog: and various other things.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: I) UPSTAIRS AND STAIRWELL
text: Hasari and Max move the last cot upstairs and into
text: place beside a window that will come into play at the
text: end (It looks down on the street). Hasari nods to Max,
text: indicating he should look.
speaker_heading: J) THEIR POV
text: Everyone gathered as Shanta and Ashish put a banner
dialog: above the door: "You are invited to the festival of
dialog: this world and your life is blessed." The assemblage
text: applauds and embraces.
speaker_heading: K) UPSTAIRS
text: Hasari smiles at Max, brings his hands together, but
text: doesn't embrace the doctor.
scene_heading: EXT. CLINIC - NIGHT
text: Everyone lingers, adults and children. Max plays his
text: trumpet, accompanying Surya on his zither. Manooj
text: hovers over Max.
speaker_heading: MANOOJ
dialog: Doctor Big Brother, aren't you
dialog: going to smoke your evening cigar?
text: Max points at his trumpet, continues playing.
speaker_heading: MANOOJ
dialog: Please.
text: Max indicates his pocket. Manooj takes out a cigar and a
text: clip. Clips the cigar, holds it out to Max, who indi-
text: cates Manooj should light it, and keeps playing. Manooj
text: looks at Hasari, who nods. Shambu holds a match to it.
text: Everyone watches as if this were a major event. Manooj
text: takes a puff, chokes, offers the cigar to Mehboub, who
text: takes it, puffs, passes it. Everyone relaxes, enjoys the
text: peacefulness of the smoking and the aroma wafting upward.
text: Ram taps at Max's elbow.
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: It has come to me tonight to write
dialog: a letter to my wife.
text: Ram produces a mangled one piece letter -- envelope.
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He thrusts the paper at Max. Max takes a pen from his
dialog: pocket.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Okay -- shott.
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: Yes -- what is the word -- that
dialog: word -- when land is watered...
dialog: with canals?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: "Irrigation"?
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: Yes, yes, that word, I want that
text: word in the letter.
text: Max looks at him, nods, waits. Ram stares at Max; waits.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What would you like to say to
dialog: your wife?
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: I don't know, Max Daddah. If I
dialog: knew what to say to my wife, I'd
dialog: never have left home.
text: Everybody laughs, though Ram's remark hits Max on a
text: deeper level. Manooj slides in beside him.
speaker_heading: MANOOJ
dialog: Why do you have to go home, Doctor
dialog: Babu?
speaker_heading: ALOKA
dialog: Because he doesn't live here,
dialog: Manooj. This is not his home.
text: A look between Max and Aloka; Hasari's eyes flicking at
text: both of them... as Aloka's eyes come to Hasari. The
text: cigar reaches Ram. As Max starts to write, Ram takes
text: a large puff and blows a huge ring out of his mouth. We
text: FOLLOW it.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: ABOVE
text: A whole row of faces on rooftops enjoying the cigar.
dialog: This as we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GREEN ACRES - THROUGH RICKSHAW WHEELS - DAY
text: THROUGH the WHEELS we see Max come briskly out of the
text: hotel carrying his doctor's bag. He's met by the sight
text: of Hasari between the shafts of his rickshaw and Anouar
text: and Meeta perched on the seat.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: On no! Lepers! Lepers in my
dialog: neighborhood!
speaker_heading: ANOUAR
dialog: Sshh! Doctor Big Brother,
dialog: please, we are pretending not
dialog: to be lepers.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Oh, oh, I didn't get the concept
dialog: -- of course, not lepers. I think
dialog: you're going to fool a lot of
dialog: people. I have only one question:
dialog: Why are you here?
speaker_heading: ANOUAR
dialog: We've come to take you to the
dialog: dispensary in grand style on this
dialog: special day, haven't we, Hasari?
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Na, I'll just trot alongside Hasari.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: No, please, get in.
text: Max climbs into the rickshaw beside the two lepers and
text: Hasari pulls away.
speaker_heading: ANOUAR
dialog: Meeta's very excited by this ride
dialog: through Calcutta. You see, she's
dialog: never been sightseeing before.
text: Meeta, of course, is blind. Max, Hasari, Anouar laugh.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You're incorrigible, Anouar.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ANOUAR
dialog: Yes, yes, I know, thank you very
dialog: much.
text: As the rickshaw disappears into the sea of people and
text: vehicles, we hear Anouar and Max LAUGHING.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE STREET - DAY
text: Margareta, Manooj, Shambu, Shoba, several other kids and,
text: at the end of the line, Poomina, all carrying water on
text: their heads toward the City of Joy. Suddenly, someone
text: whispers to Poomina. One of Ashoka's thugs. She glances
text: after Margareta and the other kids who are turning a
text: corner and steps into:
speaker_heading: ALLEYWAY
text: Where Ashoka waits.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: You taking that to the clinic?
dialog: (as she nods)
dialog: You like it there?
dialog: (as she nods)
dialog: And they love your smile, don't
dialog: they?
text: She's fearful now and doesn't respond. He grabs her,
text: the water pitcher crashes to the ground, he puts his
text: knife into her mouth and lays her face open on both side
text: with his knife.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY OF JOY - DAY
text: Aloka comes TOWARD us leading a group of lepers. And
text: stops. Her hand goes to her mouth.
scene_heading: THEIR POV - CLINIC - FROM DISTANCE
text: Two hundred normal people lined up outside the gaily be-
text: decked dispensary -- many mothers with small children in
text: their arms. Shanta sees Aloka, gestures to indicate the
text: incredible turn-out. The normals at the end of the line
text: turn to look at the approaching LEPERS.
speaker_heading: LEPER WOMAN
dialog: It is too beautiful to believe.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: As if indeed she were right, their path is suddenly cut
text: off by the Goonda and a commando of thugs, armed with
text: sticks and iron bars, backed up by a group carrying
text: banners with slogans proclaiming in Hindi, Urdu, English:
text: "We Don't Want Lepers Here!" There's a sudden uneasy
text: silence. Behind the thugs a short distance is the
text: policeman who harassed Max earlier and another cop.
text: Joan hurries forward.
speaker_heading: GOONDA
dialog: Good morning, Sister to the poor.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Yes, Mr. Bhose?
speaker_heading: GOONDA
dialog: Those people aren't coming into
dialog: this neighborhood.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: They are going to be treated at
dialog: the dispensary. You have no
dialog: right to stop them.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Hasari arrives with Max, Anouar, and Meeta.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Go ahead, Aloka, take them inside.
text: The Goonda puts his hand on Aloka. The policeman in the
dialog: b.g. keep their distance.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Take your hands off her, you
dialog: waster!
text: Joan is seized by a sudden fury and grabs the Goonda.
text: He grabs her much harder. Said growls and pushes
text: forward. Several thugs turn, step in to neutralize him.
text: Joan elbows the Goonda and tires to westle free of him.
text: As a reflex he raises his hand. And as he does, it's
dialog: seized.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Max (with Hasari in the b.g., confused, conficted). Max
text: slings the Goonda against the side of a truck.
speaker_heading: GOONDA
dialog: That was a mistake, Doctor.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: The mistake's yours, putz.
dialog: (to Aloka)
dialog: Get these people inside.
text: Aloka starts forward, leading the lepers. She's stopped
text: by a sudden blow from the Goonda's stick across her
text: shoulders, knocking her to the ground, bleeding from the
dialog: neck.
text: Hasari bolts for his wife, gets caught up in the melee.
text: Max swings around on the Goonda and for the first time we
text: realize how strong he is, and that he knows how to box.
text: The Goonda goes down and violence erupts. Anouar is
text: chopping at the legs of one of the thugs working on Said.
text: The massive Said tears free and starts to beat the crap
text: out of the two thugs holding him.
text: The noise brings everyone out of the square, those lined
text: up at the clinic, the children from the school.
text: Sunil comes flying out of the clinic.
text: A stampede of those waiting outside the dispensary and
text: those normally in the crowded alley ensues. Shanta runs
text: inside for help. Shopkeepers barricade their shop
dialog: windows.
text: One of the thugs pours gasoline over Anouar and lights a
text: match. Hasari kneels beside Aloka when he sees the
text: match ignite the tiny leper. Without thinking, Hasari
text: hurls himself on top of Anouar, rolling him in the dirt
text: and against his own body to put out the flames.
text: Joan shouts, demanding the violence stop. She's hit
text: from behind; she decides talk isn't going to do it. She
text: grabs a piece of lumber and starts to fight.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DISPENSARY
text: An EXPLOSION in the doorway, scattering anyone who remains
text: in the area of the dispensary doorway, badly wounding
dialog: Mehboub.
text: More people with sticks. Hasari goes down under several
text: bodies. Max reaches Aloka, helps her up, sends her toward
text: the clinic. He tears an attacker off of Hasari and they
text: fight back to back a moment. A SECOND EXPLOSION near
text: them... and through the smoke Max sees...
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Ashoka astride his motorcycle, behind his dark glasses,
text: with more thugs, these with Molotov cocktails and pick-
text: axes, ready to raze the clinic and school and the
text: surrounding neighborhood.
text: Sunil drags Mehboub inside.
dialog: People chant: "White Monkeys, go home! White Monkeys,
dialog: go home! No lepers here! No lepers here!" The thugs
text: cock their iron bars and bricks and Molotov cocktails.
text: Max picks up an iron bar of his own and starts for
text: Ashoka. Suddenly, there's a DETONATION followed by a
text: BLAST of air so fierce, Max is thrown to the ground.
text: A bottle of GASOLINE has EXPLODED just behind him. He's
text: enveloped in smoke.
text: An assailant bears down on Joan with a cutlass. As the
text: assailant is about to strike, Hasari seizes the attacker
text: and hurls him backward. Ashish steps in and slashes the
text: assailant with his own weapon, startling, even repelling
dialog: Hasari.
text: From all over the lane, young fighters have come and joined
text: the fray, not bothering to choose sides but merely enjoying
text: the release. Hasari lunges for a woman under attack by a
text: boy, arriving too late to stop the boy from plunging his
text: knife into the woman's belly. Hasari fights his way to
text: the woman, but she staggers into the mob.
text: Max knocks down one of the thugs only to have another hand
text: grasp his shoulder. He turns, fist cocked to find Poomina,
text: her hands holding her face together. Slowly, she takes
text: hands away. The sides of her face have been laid open.
text: Max sweeps her up in his arms, heads for the clinic.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Oh, little girl, little girl...
text: Joan is suddenly beside Ashoka.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: We'll pay! All right then, so by
dialog: all means, protect us!
text: Ashoka raises a hand, The Goonda blows a whistle, and
text: the fighting stops as suddenly as it began. The com-
text: batants are breathing heavily. There is silence but for
text: the groans and cries of the wounded and grieving.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: In a world such as ours, everyone
dialog: needs protection. For the fee we
dialog: discussed, from this day forward,
dialog: I can assure you nothing like this
dialog: will happen again.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A beat... Saladdin is at Joan's shoulder. Ashoka points
text: a finger at Hasari.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: You. I warned you about the
dialog: company you keep.
text: He REVS his MOTORCYCLE and SCREECHES away, leaving Hasari
text: staring after him in his dust.
scene_heading: INT. COURTYARD - DAY
text: People peer in through every opening. Mehboub's chest is
text: bandaged. Sunil squeezes through the packed courtyard
text: and hallway, Ashish carrying a wounded woman behind him.
text: Hasari steps into a doorway, us WITH him.
scene_heading: INT. EXAMINING ROOM - MAX, ALOKA, POOMINA
text: Max, blood crusted on her face, sutures Poomina's awful
text: facial wound as Aloka prepares a compress.
speaker_heading: ALOKA
dialog: Will she... Her face, will it...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: If she's very careful and doesn't
dialog: do anything to open the wound, the
dialog: scarring will be minimal.
dialog: (to Poomina)
dialog: Do you understand? You can't...
dialog: You have to stay here.
dialog: (to Joan)
dialog: You make her stay here.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: I'll try.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Don't goddamn try, Joan! Goddamn
dialog: do it!
text: Poomina peers through her pain at Max, his hands putting
text: her back together.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (a litany)
dialog: I hate this place, I hate this
dialog: place, I hate this place.
text: Max looks at the doorway and he locks eyes with Hasari.
text: Max breaks the contact. Hasari stares at him as we hear
text: the godfather's MUSIC on the RADIO.
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: EXT. GODFATHER'S COURTYARD - HAND AND PENCIL - DAY
text: A hand tap, tap, taps against a ledger.
speaker_heading: COURTYARD
text: Ashoka sits behind a little table, picking absently at
text: his face. The Goonda is slouched near the table, smoking
text: a cigarette and fiddling with a thin switch. (It's dif-
dialog: ficult for him to show Ashoka the respect his inherited
text: position gives him.) The Goonda has a bruise under one
text: eye from his altercation in the City of Joy yesterday.
text: The air is filled with the MUFFLED SOUNDS OF the STREET.
text: FROM here, we can see the evermore enfeebled godfather
text: in his "throne room," wrapped in a cashmere, listening
text: to the radio. Ashoka looks up, stares impassively at
dialog: someone.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: Well. What have you got to say?
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: For the first time, we see who Ashoka's speaking to.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I told them that your father
dialog: provides us with a great deal and
dialog: that --
text: Ashoka slams his hand on the register.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: From this minute, you are off the
dialog: list! You will leave your rickshaw
dialog: here... where it will be reserved
dialog: for a man who deserves our trust.
text: He stands up. Hasari is near tears.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Please, Babu, this is as if the
dialog: ground has opened up. I have to
dialog: speak to Mr. Ghatak!
text: Hasari starts for the house. The Goonda stops him and,
text: quickly, has Hasari on his knees, his arm twisted pain-
text: fully behind his back. Ashoka jumps at Hasari, grabs
text: his ear.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: My father's ill! You are speaking
dialog: to me!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I have a family!
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: The decision is made. I have made
dialog: it. Now get out before I have Mr.
dialog: Bhose break your legs.
text: He gives Hasari's ear a vicious twist and slams his head
text: against the table.
scene_heading: EXT. GODFATHER'S HOUSE - DAY
text: The side gate opens and Hasari is shoved out. Stumbling,
text: he runs to the fence, peers through. Two men are pulling
text: his rickshaw into the courtyard. Hasari watches as a
text: steel shutter is pulled down, cutting his livelihood from
dialog: sight.
scene_heading: ANGLE THROUGH BAR - HASARI
text: Numb, compromised, defeated. Perhaps the low point of
dialog: his life.
scene_heading: INT. CLINIC - JOAN'S ROOM - "RAFT OF MEDUSA" - NIGHT
text: Flickering candlelight illuminates the "Raft of Medusa."
text: Max rails at Joan.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I just don't... I don't want to...
dialog: I don't want to care! I don't want
dialog: to care this much! I just don't
dialog: want to be invested in you people.
dialog: In people! I became a goddamn
dialog: doctor because my goddamn father
dialog: wanted me to be a goddamn doctor
dialog: because he was a goddamn doctor!
dialog: He was the goddamn king of
dialog: doctors! It's too goddamn hard!
text: Out of breath, out of words, Joan reaches out and takes
text: Max to her, brings him beside her on the cot. Beneath
text: the "Raft of Medusa," she sits with an arm around Max, as
dialog: if he were her son.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Not everyone's cut out for this.
dialog: You did the best you could.
dialog: Better than many. It's all right.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I didn't do the best I could! I
dialog: did what I always do! I shot my
text: big mouth off and did a half-assed
dialog: job. And what I want to do now is
dialog: I want to go back to America and
dialog: make money and live a life without
dialog: entanglements and demands and
dialog: people hanging on me.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You know, the fact is from the
dialog: minute we're born we're
text: shipwrecked. Some see that as a
dialog: lifetime of drowning, of fear,
dialog: others only to endure, but to
dialog: triumph. It's all in the
dialog: individual spirit, isn't it?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Got it: To run, to spectate, to
dialog: commit.
dialog: (raises his hand)
text: Running spectator.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Then, by all means, go home, Max,
dialog: and go with my blessing and my
dialog: eternal friendship.
text: The candlelight flickers against them as they sit side
text: by side. Neither speaks.
scene_heading: EXT. RAM'S HUT - TEA SHOP - NIGHT
text: At the tea shop, a group relive the day's events. The
text: children sleep. Aloka sits outside, worried about
dialog: Hasari.
text: Max comes out, meets Aloka's eyes and looks away. She's
dialog: heard the conversation.
text: Hasari, drunk, comes down the slope. Face to face with
dialog: Max.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: They took away my rickshaw.
text: Aloka's hand flies to her mouth. Hasari peers at Max
text: with his drunken gaze. It's a terrible moment for Max,
dialog: but...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: So what do you want me to do about
dialog: it -- get it back for you?
text: Max takes away a step. Stops.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'm sorry. I'm going home.
dialog: Because this isn't my fight. I
dialog: got one person to look after --
dialog: me.
text: Hasari stares at Max. On the roof, the children listen.
text: At the tea shop, the late-night talkers listen.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: All right, I'm running out, okay?
dialog: Because I'm a coward, this is me,
dialog: this is what I do, I get in over
dialog: my head, I let people down, I run.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: But I trusted you.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Well, that was your goddamn
dialog: mistake!
text: Max walks away, leaving Hasari desolate. Aloka comes to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I don't know how I'm going to pay
dialog: the rent, how we're going to eat.
speaker_heading: ALOKA
dialog: We have what is saved for Amrita's
dialog: dowry.
dialog: The thought of using the dowry is yet another awful blow
dialog: to Hasari's hopes.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: The children must leave the
dialog: school; they'll have to work. And
dialog: you will not have anything to do
dialog: with the clinic or those people
dialog: anymore.
text: Ram joins them.
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: What I earn is yours, too.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: You can't support all of us. You
dialog: have a family in your village, too.
text: Hasari touches his friend and goes into:
scene_heading: INT. RAM'S HUT
text: Alone in his pain, he spots his tea caddy in which he
text: planted his seeds over a month ago. He bends over to
text: tenderly touch the growing shoot and water the earth.
text: He looks up and the three children are staring at him.
dialog: What will their father do now to keep them alive?
scene_heading: INT. BLOOD DISPENSARY - CLOSE ON HASARI'S ARM - DAY
text: The needle injected, Hasari's blood flowing into a
dialog: bottle.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Hasari seated on the stool, watching his blood leave his
text: body, his face again broken out in perspiration.
speaker_heading: HIS POV - RAFIK
dialog: Waiting.
scene_heading: BACK TO SCENE - HASARI
text: His face immobile, his thoughts distant. The Attendant
text: starts to pull the needle out. Hasari stops his hand.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Take more.
text: The Attendant shakes his head.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Take more.
text: The Attendant looks at Rafik, who shrugs, nods... and
text: allows the blood to flow on out of Hasari's body.
scene_heading: EXT. BLOOD BANK - DAY
text: Barely ambulatory, Hasari starts down the street, but has
text: to stop, lean against a wall. Through his woozy haze, he
text: thinks he sees an apparition.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: There, in the entrance to a building, is Gangooly.
text: Seeing a potential victim, he swoops in.
speaker_heading: GANGOOLY
dialog: Not well, brother?
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Still stealing from refugees?
text: Gangooly looks at Hasari, recognizes him, and gives him
text: an amazing smile.
speaker_heading: GANGOOLY
dialog: Well, yes, I remember you, of
dialog: course -- hello! I am delighted
dialog: to see you -- yes. And tell me
dialog: immediately, please -- your little
dialog: family, your beautiful children,
dialog: everyone eats, yes. Come, have a
dialog: cup of tea or a little something
dialog: stronger, we must celebrate.
text: Gangooly starts to move, to position himself for a get-
text: away. Hasari blocks his egress, unsmiling.
speaker_heading: GANGOOLY
dialog: Ah, well, you're angry at me, yes,
dialog: I wondered if that was still on
dialog: your mind -- I am full of regret
dialog: about that, yes, even a little
dialog: tormented. What can I say? I have
text: the spirit of an eagle trapped in
text: the body of a crow.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I'm touched.
speaker_heading: GANGOOLY
dialog: My friend, I am lame and I am poor.
dialog: Does that mean that I shouldn't
dialog: survive? Huh? When a man is
text: struggling in a rough sea, he
text: clutches onto what he can or he
dialog: drowns. You don't look so well.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I lost my rickshaw.
text: Gangooly gives Hasari an appraising look for a moment,
dialog: then...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GANGOOLY
dialog: Ach! I have an offer. No,
dialog: listen! Shiva be my witness, you
dialog: must at least think about this.
dialog: Please, I can help... Or my name
dialog: is not Mr. Gangooly.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Which, fortunately, it is.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - MOVING SHOT - DAY
text: Gangooly guiding Hasari onward.
speaker_heading: GANGOOLY
dialog: Remove the children from the school
dialog: -- no, why? When you, the father,
dialog: can make a small sacrifice. Nature
dialog: has foreseen your plight. For she
dialog: has given you two eyes, yes, and
dialog: two kidneys. But. To live, you
dialog: have need of one only. I have a
dialog: friend who sold his kidney -- this
dialog: one -- and now -- believe me, this
dialog: is the truth -- he lives in a brick
dialog: home... which he owns.
dialog: That smile.
scene_heading: EXT. SKELETON WAREHOUSE (MITRA &amp; CO. EXPORTERS) - JUDAS
speaker_heading: DOOR - DAY
text: A forbidding face appears at the grill, stares out.
scene_heading: INT. SKELETON WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: Hasari and Gangooly enter. A repulsive smell almost
text: makes Hasari gag. Gangooly takes Hasari's arm and steers
text: him through the gloom. Hasari discovers the origin of
dialog: the smell.
text: A line of skeletons arranged along the walls. Tables
text: stacked with bones: skulls, spines, rib cages, hands
text: and feet. Each skeleton sports a label with a price in
dialog: U.S. dollars.
text: Crouched among the bones and packing crates are men work-
text: ing. Some smoke, some have masks over their faces. They
text: scrape and clean and decorticate. They skillfully
text: assemble their grisly creations, emotionless but like
dialog: artists.
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: POV - MANAGER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: THROUGH a dusty, glass, interior window, we see, almost
text: in mime, the manager examining Hasari.
scene_heading: INT. MANAGER'S OFFICE
text: With a smile, the manager produces some papers. Hasari
text: shakes his head, starts for the door. Gangooly stops
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: GANGOOLY
dialog: Of course, take some time, think
dialog: about it. People all over the
text: world, anxiously waiting, willing
dialog: to pay. 15,000 rupees for a
dialog: kidney. 25,000 for an eye.
text: Gangooly winks, peers at Hasari with a single eye, and
dialog: smiles.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. TAXI - ROAD TO AIRPORT - DAY
text: Heat haze on the road. As we FOCUS, we FIND Max, Joan,
text: Aloka, also with their thoughts. Joan gazes out the
text: window of the taxi. Max looks at the back of Joan's head
text: a moment, then looks at Aloka, who sits between them.
text: She deflects his eyes forward.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Hasari has forbid her to have
dialog: anything more to do with us. He'd
dialog: be very angry if he knew she was
dialog: seeing you off.
text: Max looks at Joan. Looks out the window.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT - DEPARTURE AREA - WIDE SHOT - DAY
text: First we see joyous people greeting arriving passengers;
text: parents greet a young man returning from college abroad.
text: The way clears and we CLOSE IN ON Max, Joan, and Aloka, a
dialog: tiny island in this sea of people at the moment of their
text: parting. Max empties all the money out of his pockets.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: This is for Poomina. When I get
dialog: home...
text: He thrusts the money on Joan and Max offers his hand;
text: she goes through the hand to embrace Max. Then Max and
text: Aloka look at each other.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ALOKA
dialog: You did good things.
dialog: (chokes up, but
dialog: manages)
dialog: Thank you for coming to our
dialog: country.
text: And now Max heads out the door.
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA - ALOKA AND JOAN - DAY
text: Sparsely populated. They sit in isolation at a table
text: over a cup of tea.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: It's not like he's royalty or
dialog: anything, so I'm not persuaded we
dialog: have to wait for the plane to
text: actually take off.
speaker_heading: ALOKA
dialog: No. We should go.
text: Yet, they remain another moment... then get up. Joan
text: puts her arm around Aloka and they turn to go. The looks
text: on their faces suggest they've come face to face with
dialog: something startling.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON DOOR
text: Max. Standing inside the departure doorway.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What were those three choices
dialog: again?
text: Their faces. And his with just a wistful version of his
dialog: old grin... and we --
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. COMPOUND - DAY
text: Hasari returns. Goes into Ram's hut.
scene_heading: INT. RAM'S HUT - DAY
text: He finds his family... and Max. The two men stare at
dialog: each other.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I need Aloka at the clinic.
dialog: (as Hasari stares)
dialog: All right, they, the patients,
dialog: need her. She's a good nurse.
dialog: (as Hasari stares)
dialog: Come on, man, this is between you
dialog: and me. Why take the kids out of
dialog: school, why punish your wife?
text: Hasari holds his anger in; he moves to a mat and lies
text: down, his back to Max. But Max doesn't go.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I have a little money, I can get
dialog: it from the States...
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: It's not a question of money.
dialog: We'll survive on our own.
text: That's it. Hasari lies with his back to Max. After some
text: moments of silence, Aloka indicates Max should go. And
text: he does. After another moment...
speaker_heading: ALOKA
dialog: Maybe he's right. The clinic is
dialog: for everyone and if I am needed --
text: Hasari bolts up, a look of anger on his face we've never
dialog: seen.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: No! I'm your husband and you'll
dialog: do as I say! Unless, of course,
dialog: you've become an American wife and
dialog: then you'll do as you please!
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Stay away from them. They are not
dialog: part of us. They will only be good
dialog: to you as long as you please them.
text: The children, Aloka are frozen, she very close to tears.
text: Hasari lies back down, again turns his back on them.
scene_heading: EXT. LEPER COLONY (DAWN) - DAY
text: The small colony alive; a line of patients outside a door.
dialog: 92.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - DAY
text: Max unwraps a bandage from a leper's partial limb. Looks
text: around for Aloka. She's not there. Said is acting as
text: his nurse. Points at his instruments.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Hand me the scissors, please.
text: Helpfully Said hands him the tweezers.
speaker_heading: MAX
text: Scissors, scissors.
text: He demonstrates. Said fumbles through the instruments,
text: picking up the scissors by the ends.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Not that end -- No, that's fine,
dialog: thanks, I've got it.
scene_heading: EXT. LEPER COLONY - DAY
text: Max comes out with his last patient. Anouar waits.
speaker_heading: ANOUAR
dialog: Max Daddah, you are finished?
dialog: (Max nods)
dialog: Follow me.
text: Anouar takes off down the lane and disappears quickly
text: into a little building, Max following.
scene_heading: INT. TANNERY - DAY
text: Max follows Anouar past bubbling cauldrons and heaps of
text: animal skins. The place stinks fiercely. Anouar and
dialog: Max exit into...
speaker_heading: A SMALL YARD
text: Two young men (the two pullers Chomotkar and Ramatullah)
text: ... and something covered with a tarp.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You didn't steal this.
speaker_heading: RAMATULLAH
dialog: The police, Sahib, they stole it.
dialog: We stole it from them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The pullers whip the tarp off. A battered rickshaw, the
text: springs poking out of the seat, the broken wheels lying
text: in the body, the finish scarred and gouged, one shaft
dialog: broken.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: How much?
scene_heading: EXT. SQUARE - DAY
text: Max comes into the square. Aloka and Selima are pre-
text: paring meals. Manooj, Shambu, and three other boys
text: playing. Ram is trying to jolly Hasari, who's deep in
text: his own reverie. Max stands in front of Hasari.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'd like to show you something.
dialog: Just take a minute.
text: A beat as Hasari fixes Max with an empty stare and the
text: family waits to see if Hasari will respond.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Go ahead. Go on.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD AND STORAGE SHED - CLINIC
text: The sound of a PADLOCK being UNLOCKED. DARK SCREEN.
text: Light flashes. Max and Hasari appear in the doorway.
text: Surprised by the light, a few rats scurry off. Some-
text: where a dog BARKS. Slated, shafted light. He indicates
text: a corner.
speaker_heading: THE RICKSHAW
text: Piled up in its ruin.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'm good with my hands. You're
dialog: good with yours. What do you say?
text: Hasari looks at Max, part resentful, part touched.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: If I were to go on the street with
dialog: this machine, I would end up in a
text: gutter with my throat cut.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Well, it's yours if you want it.
dialog: You know the license, the cops,
dialog: all that can be fixed. You'll
dialog: own this -- it'll have nothing to
dialog: do with the Godfather.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Doctor Daddah, I'm just a small
dialog: man. Don't try to tempt me again
dialog: with big thoughts.
text: Hasari starts to leave. Max blocks his way.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You didn't want me to quit. Well,
dialog: I came back.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: But can you be trusted?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I hope so.
text: Hasari can see the hope and desire in Max's face. After
text: a moment, Max steps aside. Hasari bends his head and
text: makes off. Leaving Max and a small sigh of
dialog: disappointment.
scene_heading: EXT. LATRINES - FOUNTAIN - ALOKA - DAY (DAWN)
text: She takes her morning absolutions, bathing in the foun-
text: tain. The process is extremely sensual, though there is
text: not even a glimpse of her nakedness as she moves her
dialog: clothing around, cleansing this area, then that. She
text: glances up to see...
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Max, in an Indian shirt, heading for the square; rather
text: naturally, he brings his hands together in the Indian
text: salutation. He carries several bottles of distilled
text: water, a large value pack of bar soap, and a carton of
text: medical supplies. As he passes, his eyes hook on
text: Aloka's. He lifts a hand in greeting. After a moment,
text: she ducks her head. He turns and continues on coming
text: face to face with Ram, an enormous smile on his face.
text: With him, Hasari. He glances at his wife in the water.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (to Hasari)
dialog: Going to look for work?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: When Hasari doesn't answer...
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: Yes, he is.
text: Ram has a small coughing fit.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Are you taking your medicine?
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: Yes, yes, but look at this.
text: He points at the wheel of his rickshaw; the rim is
text: cracked. Scornfully, Hasari walks on. Max and Ram
text: glance after him. Max digs out several rupees. Ram
text: takes them and goes. Max looks after the two men as
text: they disappear. When he turns...
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: ...he finds himself face to face with Aloka. Without a
text: word, they start walking side by side toward the square.
text: It's several seconds before she says...
speaker_heading: ALOKA
dialog: He's very proud.
text: They walk on in silence -- two friends, separated by a
dialog: gulf.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKS - FROM THE GATE - DAY
text: Men moving like ants into the bow of the ship. Hasari is
text: locked out, turned away without work.
scene_heading: EXT. METRO CONSTRUCTION SITE - DAY
text: A huge gouge in the black mud, sunlight streaming through
text: steel girders across it. Hasari emerges from the ground,
text: looking for someone. Stops him. The foreman shakes his
text: head, no, before Hasari even has the chance to ask for
dialog: work.
scene_heading: EXT. SKELETON WAREHOUSE - EXTREME CLOSEUP - HASARI'S
speaker_heading: FACE - DAY
text: Then we see he's standing outside Mitra &amp; Co., staring at
dialog: it, wondering if it's time to sell part of himself. No!
text: We see on his face a look that tells us he will not be
dialog: beaten.
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: EXT. CLINIC - COURTYARD - DAY
text: The street children's school now takes up two rooms.
text: Children peer out of one room now as, to the accompani-
text: ment of Surya's zither, twenty or so girls are doing some
text: Indian classical dancing, under the eye of a young Indian
dialog: teacher.
text: Across the way, in the other room, some children are
text: translating Bengali words into English. A boy is writing
text: on the board. It's Manooj. We see that Shambu is in the
dialog: same class.
scene_heading: INT. EXAMINING ROOM
text: FROM BEHIND, we watch Max take a wrapping off of
text: Poomina's wound, Joan assisting him. Indeed, Ashoka
text: extended Poomina's smile on either side of her mouth.
text: The scars are healing as nicely as could be expected.
dialog: Max did a fine job.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You must have had a good doctor.
text: Still no running, jumping, picking
dialog: up anything heavy. And you stay
dialog: here. You're going to help Sister
dialog: Joan and you're going to school.
dialog: Do you understand?
text: A beat, Poomina nods. But now a look of abject fear
text: comes over her face.
text: The Goonda stands in the doorway. Max begins singing
text: "Sweet Little Sixteen." The Goodna stares impassively
dialog: at Max.
speaker_heading: THE GOONDA
dialog: Time to collect the rent, Sister.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Of course. Come with me, please.
text: Joan leaves, followed by The Goonda. Max works care-
text: fully at the fine line of scabbing on Poomina's scar...
text: but then something takes his attention.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE COURTYARD
text: Manooj, with a small tin of food, looks this way and
text: that... and then sneaks into the shed.
scene_heading: EXT. SHED - DAY
text: We hear a, TAP, TAP, TAP. The door is half open. The
text: padlock is hanging on its chain. Max opens the door.
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE ROOM
text: Startled, frightened, Hasari presses himself against the
text: wall, as does Manooj. Hasari is wearing a wet dhoti,
text: caught in the middle of straightening the wheel rim of
text: the old rickshaw.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Close the door!
text: Max is very surprised but, needless to say, pleased. He
text: looks at the rickshaw, looks at Hasari.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Close the door. The Godfather
text: has more eyes than a pineapple.
text: Max quickly closes the door. The half light is broken
text: by thin beams of light that dance with dust.
text: Hasari studies Max a moment, then moves to put the first
text: wheel on. Instinctively, Manooj moves to his side, takes
text: hold of the rickshaw so Hasari can slip the wheel on.
text: Hasari nods and goes for the other wheel. Manooj moves
text: around to the other side, hefts the carcass. Hasari
text: slips on the second wheel. Hasari looks at Max. Max
text: brings his hands together and starts to go.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I was saying to Manooj that if a
text: man bows down too many times,
dialog: there will come a day when he will
text: no longer be able to stand upright.
text: The two men look at each other... and then Hasari gets
text: on with his work.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I promised Manooj and Shambu I'd
dialog: take them to the movies. Is it
dialog: all right?
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: If a man makes a promise...
text: Max brins his hands together and starts for the door.
text: Hasari picks up one of the worn seat boards.
scene_heading: INT. MOVIE THEATER - NIGHT
text: We're TRACKING WITH a moving bag of peanuts behind a row
text: of boy's heads. On the screen in front of them, a "medi-
dialog: eval era" sword battle between the great Kumar Kapur and
text: a legion of bad guys.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: We hear the sound of CRACKING NUTS as we MOVE FROM Manooj
dialog: to three kids we've seen in the neighborhood (two boys
text: Manooj's age and Shoba, who's Shambu's age) and then to
text: Shambu, each kid dipping into the bag in his turn.
text: Finally: Max's (and on the other side of him, Amrita
text: and Poomina.) The bag arrives... empty.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Thanks, guys. Who wants to go for
dialog: more peanuts?
text: No one. We're talking about rapt attention. We hear
text: NUTS CRACKING. Max smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NEAR CITY OF JOY - NIGHT
text: Max and the boys walking home after the movie, the boys
text: dancing around each other, acting out the fight sequences,
text: all of the sword-fighting against Max, who battles them
text: all over the street, in and around cars, Poomina and Amrita
text: looking on shyly, as El Max fights to save their honor.
speaker_heading: MANOOJ
dialog: I can't decide if I want to be
dialog: Kumar Kapur or a doctor.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Ha ha! You can be both! Manooj
dialog: Pal, swashbuckling physician!
speaker_heading: MANOOJ
dialog: You're so much fun, El Max. I
dialog: wish my daddy were as much fun as
dialog: you.
text: Max stops the fight, takes Manooj by the shoulders.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I wish my father loved me like
dialog: your father loves you. Your dad's
dialog: a very special man. And now, en
dialog: garde!
text: As the battle continues, the bright beams of a truck
dialog: come at them.
speaker_heading: MAX
text: Time out, men. Off the street
text: till this truck passes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The kids move toward the wall of the building they're
text: passing, but the truck seems to turn toward them, seem-
dialog: ing not to intend to pass, but to hit them.
text: The look on Max's face lets us know he senses something
text: terrible is in the offing here. He shouts for the kids
text: to get out of the way, shoving the kids closest to him
text: into a doorway. He turns to Shambu, who's behind him,
text: calls to him.
text: But in a panic, Shambu doesn't move into the shelter of
text: the building on his right... but tries to run across the
text: street. Max leaps for the little boy too late... as the
text: truck just misses Max and clips Shambu hard, sending the
text: little boy flying.
scene_heading: EXT. SQUARE - NIGHT
text: Manooj runs ahead of everyone as he charges into Ram's
text: hut, crying for his father. Behind Manooj come the
text: others, Max carrying Shambu in his arms. Hasari and
text: Aloka, Ram, Joan, others in the square hurtle out of
dialog: their huts.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I can't do anything here. He's
dialog: got a compound fracture, he
dialog: hemorrhaging. We've got to get
dialog: to a hospital -- now!
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: You'll never get a taxi at this
dialog: hour.
scene_heading: EXT STREET - HASARI'S FEET - DAY (EARLY EVENING)
text: He pounds along, the wheels wobbling and squeaking,
text: urging people out of his way. Max runs alongside Hasari.
text: Aloka sits on the seat with Shambu, whose quiet moaning
text: fills her ears. Blood drips down the rickshaw.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK STREET - FROM THE RICKSHAW - DAY
text: Several taxis waiting for clients outside a row of
text: restaurants. Hasari and Aloka watch as Max argues with
text: the drivers. They won't take a bleeding passenger.
scene_heading: SAME STREET - MOMENTS LATER
text: The race to the hospital continues.
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: EXT. MEDWAR PINE MEMORIAL HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: The arrive at the gates of the huge, Victorian hospital.
text: People sleep outside the gates.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - CORRIDOR - SIDE ROOM - DAY
text: The wards are full, as are the corridors. Patients on
text: beds and stretchers everywhere. Most have at least one
text: member of their family to look over them. In a side
text: room, Max is arguing with a porter who tells him he can't
text: help him. Max slaps some rupees into the porter's hand,
text: tells him to take him to the person in charge.
text: Shambu is fading. Aloka smooths the sweat from his brow,
text: trying to keep Shambu alive by force of will and love.
text: Then Max is back, standing over her with another man. It
text: may take a moment before we recognize the ATTENDANT from
dialog: the Blood Bank.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: They'll admit him, but we have to
dialog: pay for the blood. I gave him all
dialog: I had. He wants more. Do you have
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: ALOKA
dialog: Sister Joan gave me this.
text: Aloka holds out a fistful of rupees. The Attendant blows
text: through his lips, indicating it's a paltry sum. Max
text: grabs the money and shoves it at the Attendant.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: We haven't got any more!
text: The Attendant doesn't move... until he sees Max is about
dialog: to explode.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: If this child dies while you
dialog: stand here, I'll kill you.
text: The Attendant is smart enough not to push any further.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Now, I need an X-ray room and I
dialog: need an O.R. nurse.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Not possible. You can't give
dialog: care, you're an American. You
dialog: must be an Indian doctor.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Then take me to one!
text: As Max takes flight with the Attendant, Aloka strokes
text: Shambu and Hasari hovers. We CLOSE IN ON Shambu's
text: inanimate face and HOLD a moment.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Max hurtles down the corridor with a young INTERN in
text: tow. Almost a kid, he's been up for days. But he's
dialog: going to help.
speaker_heading: INTERN
dialog: This way, please.
text: Max scoops Shambu up and rushes down the corridor behind
text: the Intern, leaving Hasari and Aloka looking after him.
text: His arm comes around her shoulders.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPTIAL - DAY (DAWN)
text: Hasari and Aloka wait. People are starting to move about.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: You're my wife, Aloka, you and my
dialog: children are all my wealth. But
dialog: if Max Daddah and Big Sister Joan
dialog: have need of you, you may go to
dialog: them.
text: Max comes out of the hospital. The two Pals stare at
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MAX
text: We pinned his leg. Couple of
dialog: months, he'll be better than
dialog: ever. They want to keep him
dialog: today. We're a good team.
dialog: Gimme five.
text: He smiles, holds out a palm for them to slap. They
text: look at the palm, unsure what this means. Yet, each
text: takes Max's hand.
scene_heading: EXT. CLINIC - COURTYARD - DAY
text: The whole community is here, around the tree.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: I don't think it was an accident.
dialog: I think they were aiming for Max.
dialog: So, what we have to ask ourselves
dialog: is whether his presence is
dialog: endangering all of us.
speaker_heading: ANOUAR
dialog: Even from my low vantage point, I
dialog: know this: It's the son. He's
dialog: mad.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Max Daddah is our friend. If
text: they're trying to harm him, then
dialog: they're trying to harm all of us.
dialog: We must stand by him as one.
scene_heading: INT. SHED - CLOSE ON TWO PAINTBRUSHES - NIGHT
text: dip into a little box of paints. The boys look on as the
text: two men paint an intricate design on the shafts. Shambu
text: sits in the rickshaw seat. He wears an ankle to hip
text: cast. Manooj is spelling words and urging Shambu to
text: follow suit. Aloka is putting out a tray of food. Ram,
text: Ramatullah, and Chomotkar slip in, quickly close the
text: door. The two pullers focus on the rickshaw, Ram on Max.
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: Doctor Daddah, please, very
text: important, only one moment.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: This is going to cost me every
dialog: rupee I didn't make today.
text: Ram thrusts an envelope into Max's hand.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: A letter from your wife.
text: Ram nods nervously. Max looks at the postmark as he
text: slices it open with a finger.
speaker_heading: MAX
text: This is postmarked six weeks ago.
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: So, what have you been doing --
dialog: incubating it?
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: I was afraid.
text: Ram waits, his hands twisting each other.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: 'My dear husband...'
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: Oh that's very hopeful so far!
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: 'Your words brought tears of joy
dialog: to my arid eyes.'
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: Oh, I'm in love! My words
dialog: brought tears to her arid eyes!
dialog: (then fearful)
dialog: What does that mean -- arid?
text: Manooj throws his hand up.
speaker_heading: MANOOJ
dialog: I know! Dry.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Correct. Her eyes were dry, your
dialog: letter irrigated them.
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: Aaah!
text: He snatches the letter, crushes it to his heart. Notices
text: the finish work on the rickshaw.
speaker_heading: CHOMOTKAR
dialog: This is a puka nasgar. What a
dialog: curse that you can't use it.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I'm going on the streets tomorrow.
text: This gets everyone's attention. The pullers shake their
text: heads, they're worried for him.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Listen. I don't want you to think
dialog: I'm crazy, but I don't think that
dialog: truck was an accident.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAX CONT'D)
dialog: I think Ashoka was after me. You
dialog: can bet he'll be after you too.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I'm going to speak to his father.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Can I go with you? I'll go with
dialog: you. Can I go with you if I shut
dialog: up?
text: A beat... and Hasari gives him a small nod.
scene_heading: EXT. GODFATHER'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Ghatak is literally carried out of the house by an
text: orderly and placed into his car. There's a driver
text: and there is the Goonda. They start down the street.
text: We're WITH the car. Suddenly, the driver slams on the
dialog: brakes and from:
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: We see Hasari and Max blocking the street with the new
text: rickshaw. The Goonda jumps out of the car, comes
text: threateningly at Hasari.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Babu, please, I beg you, hear
dialog: my words!
text: As the Goonda is about to land on Hasari we hear a
dialog: feeble...
speaker_heading: GHATAK
dialog: Wait.
text: The Goonda backs off. The Godfather waves Hasari and
text: Max close. Hasari brings his gleaming rickshaw to the
text: window of the car, Max at his shoulder.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: May I say first, Babu, I wish you
dialog: long life and good health.
speaker_heading: GHATAK
dialog: Acha! They take me now to the
text: scientists. They stick needles in
dialog: me, take pictures of my insides,
dialog: study them, and then tell me what
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The Godfather stares at Hasari, flicks his eyes at Max.
dialog: Waits.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: When you gave me work, I swore I
dialog: would be as your youngest brother.
dialog: Your son thinks I have been
dialog: disloyal. He took my rickshaw.
dialog: With my friend, I have remade this
dialog: one. I beg you to let me go again
dialog: onto the streets. I have my family.
text: The old man looks at the rickshaw, at the obvious care
dialog: that went into its renovation, at this unlikely team
text: of refurbishers. He reaches a shaking hand out toward
text: a shaft. Hasari brings it close. The old man rubs the
dialog: shaft.
speaker_heading: GHATAK
dialog: It is very beautiful.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Thank you, Babu.
speaker_heading: GHATAK
dialog: If I may say, it has an allure.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: An allure, Babu -- thank you.
text: The Godfather stares at Hasari, then at Max.
speaker_heading: GHATAK
dialog: The world is chaos. We struggle
dialog: to build something permanent,
dialog: then our bodies betray us, our sons
dialog: betray us.
dialog: (to Hasari now)
dialog: Yes, you may take your rickshaw
dialog: out. If you can face up to my son.
text: The Goonda gets back into the car and the car pulls away
text: and we are left with Hasari and Max as moment.
scene_heading: EXT. SKELETON WAREHOUSE (MITRA &amp; CO) - DAY
text: Hasari enters.
scene_heading: INT. MANAGER'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The manager stares at Hasari, as he consumes a pot of
text: rice and vegetable curry. Gangooly hovers like a crow.
text: Hasari stares at the contract before him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: If a man dies and he's not burned,
dialog: what do you think becomes of his
dialog: soul?
text: The manager turns his palms up, continues chewing.
text: Hasari stares through the window at the row of skeletons.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I must provide for my family.
speaker_heading: GANGOOLY
dialog: Oh, it's a noble fate. If indeed
dialog: your wheel ceases to turn, you will
dialog: help educate somewhere in this
dialog: great world a fine doctor.
text: Hasari bends to the contract and laboriously signs his
dialog: name.
scene_heading: EXT. GODFATHER'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Hasari arrives to an outcry of anger. There are several
text: dozen rickshaws. Among the passersby, we see umbrellas,
text: as the people on the street try to combat the incredible
dialog: heat.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: CHOMOTKAR
dialog: The Godfather ill! The son is
dialog: raising the rent!
text: Ashoka is on his front steps with a loudspeaker before a
text: growing crowd of pullers. He's backed up by the Goonda
text: and a dozen of his thugs. The loudspeaker lifts
text: Ashoka's voice above the anger.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: Do you know how much it costs to
dialog: change the spoke in a wheel? Or
dialog: how much baksheesh I have to pay
dialog: the police?
text: Impulsively, Hasari moves forward. Cries from pullers:
dialog: "Who will be the victims of this madness? You?" "Hell
dialog: no!" "You don't need the six rupees each old crate
dialog: brings you per day to fill your belly! For us, it means
text: death!" The street is so packed with rickshaw and
text: pullers now that cars can't get through. A chorus
text: of HORNS HONK; drivers scream.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RAMATULLAH
dialog: We haven't been breaking our
dialog: backs between the shafts of our
text: rickshaws in order to weep for
dialog: you!
text: Hasari continues forward, his eyes on Ashoka.
speaker_heading: CHOMOTKAR
dialog: The only thing that matters is the
dialog: bundle of rupees we take to the
dialog: munshi each month to feed and to
dialog: answer the daily needs of our
dialog: children!
text: RASSOUL steps up on a telagarhi with a loudspeaker.
speaker_heading: RASSOUL
dialog: Listn to me! Listen now! Listen
dialog: to me!
dialog: (when the pullers
dialog: quiet)
dialog: Friends! I ask you to vote for an
dialog: unlimited strike. Inkalabad
dialog: zindabad! Long live the
dialog: revolution! Rickshaw Workers Union
dialog: zindabad!
dialog: A strike? No income at all? The slogan is taken up
text: by a small percentage of the assemblage. Fear and
text: doubt on many faces.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: That's what I thought. All
dialog: right, get to work! Customers
dialog: are waiting!
speaker_heading: ON HASARI
text: Something detonates in him and he jumps onto the tela-
text: garhi and grabs the microphone from Ashoka. Police
text: arrive in vans.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Friends! The Godfather at least
dialog: is a caring man! This one,
dialog: though, the son --
text: A signal from Ashoka and one of the thugs knocks Hasari
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: We helped this man! We gave him
dialog: a job, a place to live! This is
dialog: how he shows his gratitude. Get
dialog: on the streets now! Or turn in
dialog: your machines!
text: Hasari gets up and tries to speak.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Friends -- don't! If we stand --
text: He gets hit again. A number of the pullers come forward
text: and a riot starts. The police move in, beat and arrest
text: many of the demonstrators. Ramatullah and Chomotkar
text: try to help Hasari, but they are descended on by cops
text: who hurl them aside and beat Hasari senseless until
dialog: the:
scene_heading: SCREEN GOES BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. BONSAL COURT - DAY
text: Birds flying below ceiling. The room has a barred cage
text: running all around its edge; the cage is filled to near
text: overflowing. Hasari stands before the JUDGE, his face
text: covered with blood, his body a mass of aches and welts.
text: At the back of the room, Max and Aloka; elsewhere,
text: Ashoka, the Goonda, and several of his thugs.
speaker_heading: HASARI
text: The life of a rickshaw puller is
dialog: not one a man would choose if he
dialog: had a choice. Our feet blister
dialog: and burn up from the boiling
dialog: asphalt, our noses burn from the
text: fumes of countless motor cars and
dialog: buses, our backs curve permanently
dialog: from the loads we carry hour after
dialog: hour, day after day. But I am
dialog: proud to be one of the human horses
dialog: who carry my countryman from place
dialog: to place and I am thankful for the
dialog: opportunity to make a living. But
dialog: I will not keep silent anymore and
dialog: I will not be cheated and
dialog: threatened anymore. Life is hard
dialog: enough. No more.
text: Ramatullah starts to applaud. Rassoul follows suit.
text: The Judge bangs his gavel.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Silence!
dialog: (when it's silent)
dialog: This man will be permitted to
dialog: use his rickshaw without let or
dialog: hindrance. And I will make a
dialog: restraining order against Mr.
dialog: Ghatak.
text: Cheers from the pullers. The Judge bangs his gavel.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: I haven't finished these
dialog: proceedings. For his part in this
dialog: disturbance, I fine the defendant
dialog: 50 rupees.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Fifty rupees, Your Honor?
dialog: That's --
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Pay at this time or spend seven
dialog: days in jail!
dialog: Seven days in jail will cost him far more than fifty
text: rupees. As he reaches into his pocket for his screw
text: of money, a hand suddenly protrudes into the cage through
dialog: the bars.
speaker_heading: RAMATULLAH
dialog: Hasari!
text: And now another hand with several rupees reaches through.
speaker_heading: RASSOUL
dialog: Hasari!
text: Now a dozen voices call his name and a dozen hands reach
text: through the bars with rupees clutched in their fists and
text: press the money into Hasari's hands. The Judge, Max and
text: Aloka, and certainly Ashoka watch this in amazement. The
text: Judge bangs his gavel.
text: Max turns, shoots a little finger gun and winks at Ashoka.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON ASHOKA
text: ON his face, we see pure hatred for these two men.
dialog: 110.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY OF JOY - DAY
text: Amrita, Manooj, and Shambu. With them, Subash flirting
text: with Amrita, incurring the wrath and admiration of her
text: brothers, causing her to flush.
text: THUNDER sounds. They all look up. Rain starts to fall.
text: People run outside of workshops and huts, crying, "The
text: rains, the rains." Suddenly, a THUNDERCLAP shakes the
text: earth and rain begins to bombard them. The rain falls,
text: the WIND HOWLS, and people in the lane are dancing,
dialog: praising the beginning of the monsoon season. Men tear
text: off their shirts, women rush out fully clothed, singing.
text: Swarms of naked children run about. The kids run toward
dialog: the clinic/school.
scene_heading: EXT. CLINIC COURTYARD - DAY
text: Hasari is locking his rickshaw into the shed. Staff and
text: several patients come out of the examining rooms -- Joan,
text: Aloka, Sunil, Anouar, Poomina. Margareta and her
text: students, a new teacher, Bandona, her students come out of
text: the classrooms... They're all swept up in dancing, Joan's
text: metal cross jumping about as if it were beating out time.
text: From his balcony, Max emerges with his trumpet and plays
text: the first bars of "Singin' In the Rain." Everyone looks
text: his way; he begins to hum and sing as he jumps over the
text: balcony to the ground and takes off in a wild, impro-
dialog: vished, but damn good version of Gene Kelly's dance in
text: the rain, bringing Anouar on his cart in as his dancing
text: partner. Everyone in the courtyard crowds around them,
text: laughing and encouraging the dancer/singers on. The
text: number builds to an extraordinary climax with Max sliding
text: through mud to an exquisite finish at Joan's feet.
text: There's thunderous applause.
scene_heading: INT. CLINIC - NIGHT
text: Rain. Max, The Pals, Ram, Joan, Anouar, Meeta and the
text: Baby, Poomina, Saladdin, Mehboub, Ashish, Shanta,
text: Margareta, Bandona, and the other members of the commit-
text: tee sharing a meal.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Really -- a boyfriend, Amrita?
speaker_heading: AMRITA
dialog: No!
text: Amrita whacks Manooj.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MANOOJ
dialog: Yes, she does. His name is Subash
text: Ghosh. His father owns the workshop.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Is there someone you care about?
text: The look in Amrita's eyes tells us indeed there is.
text: Hasari smiles at Amrita and then at Aloka.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Then I must speak to his father
dialog: and I must complete your dowry.
text: Amrita squeezes close to her mother. This is serious
text: and joyous.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: You will make people sigh at how
dialog: beautiful you are. And I shall
text: drop tears of joy.
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: At my wedding I became so
dialog: frightened, my father gave me
dialog: things to drink to calm me down.
dialog: I went out to piss and fell asleep
dialog: under the village tree. When I
dialog: woke I thought it was the tree I'd
dialog: married. I still love that tree.
text: The laugh. But Hasari's attention is on his daughter.
text: He reaches a loving hand to her.
scene_heading: INT. GREEN ACRES - MAX'S BATHROOM - TUB FAUCET - NIGHT
text: A rag has been wrapped around the faucet and water runs
text: slowly and silently down into the nearly filled tub. The
text: scene is illuminated dimly by a flashlight with fingers
text: over the beam.
speaker_heading: ON MAX
text: He sleeps. Suddenly he's grabbed, his eyes spring open
text: in fear. Hands yanks him out of bed, slam him up against
text: the wall, then hurtle him across the room and into:
speaker_heading: BATHROOM
text: Where the tub has been filled. His head is slammed down
text: underwater and he's held there struggling.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: His head is yanked up and through bleary eyes he sees a
text: knife at his throat and the Hewbrew letter chai dangling
text: from the knife - wielder's neck, illuminated by a
dialog: flashlight.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: Go home, Doctor.
text: Before he can respond, he's slammed down into the tub of
text: water again and held there until it seems his lungs will
text: explode. Then he's dumped backward, gasping for breath.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY OF JOY - SQUARE - NIGHT
text: Max on the run through the rain, carrying his belongings.
speaker_heading: CLINIC
text: He pounds through the puddles, past a sleepy old watchman,
text: and through the gate.
scene_heading: INT. COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: He bangs on Joan's door. She opens the door in her Indian
text: pajamas. One look at him...
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: What's happened?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Ashoka ordered me to go home.
dialog: Well, I've come home.
text: A beat. She steps aside, he steps in, and the door closes
text: him safely inside.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK CIRCUS - DAY
text: The rickshaw station. The rain pours down. People
text: clambor for rickshaws. The line moves forward as fast
text: as the pullers can take on passengers. Hasari, Ram,
text: Ramatullah, Chomotkar look at the stalled buses, the
text: streetcars, the taxis, the private cars.
speaker_heading: CHOMOTKAR
dialog: What a joy it is to survey this
dialog: disaster! We will all make a
dialog: fortune!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: The monsoon is the great Durga's
dialog: gift to the human horse!
text: Hasari glances at Ram, who isn't a part of the joking.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: I'm wet and I'm cold. Your
dialog: daughter is getting married. Time
dialog: is passing. I want to go home to
dialog: my wife.
text: Chomotkar touches Hasari, nods across the street. There,
text: we see the Goonda and two thugs.
speaker_heading: RAMATULLAH
dialog: Hasari!
text: It's Hasari's turn. He can't stay to talk with Ram now.
dialog: He has to go.
speaker_heading: MARWARI #4
dialog: How much to the market?
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Eight rupees.
speaker_heading: MARWARI #4
dialog: What! I won't pay it!
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Who else needs a ride? I am
dialog: available at a price!
text: Several others crowd and shove toward him.
speaker_heading: MARWARI #4
dialog: No! Take me -- I'll pay, let's
dialog: go!
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: The price just went up! Ten
dialog: rupees! In advance.
text: The Marwari hesitates only as long as it takes him to dig
text: in his soaking wet pants and to slap the bills into
text: Hasari's hand and climb aboard. Hasari sets out with
dialog: great difficulty -- and greater determination -- through
text: the floodwaters, flicking his eyes at the Goonda as he
dialog: goes.
dialog: 114.
scene_heading: EXT. WEDDING SHOP - DAY
text: Water pours down. FROM HERE we see Hasari inside, putting
text: money down in front of the shop owner and then hustling
text: back into the rain and taking up his shafts. We WATCH the
text: owner look after him with a touch of disdain as he comes
text: into the window and takes down the beautiful green and
text: gold sari.
scene_heading: EXT. CLINIC - GUTTERS - NIGHT
text: Water pouring from above; the gutters overflow with refuse.
dialog: We PAN UP to the clinic.
scene_heading: INT. CLINIC COURTYARD
text: Water pouring off the room into the courtyard. Hasari
text: locks his rickshaw into the shed and turns out, attention
text: to Max, Aloka, Joan, Poomina, Margareta, Mehboub, several
text: others trying to patch leaking roof tiles and keep
text: supplies high and dry.
scene_heading: INT. CLINIC ROOM
text: Hasari enters. Max looks at him, doesn't like the look
text: of the obviously exhausted man.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: How can I help?
scene_heading: EXT. CIRCULAR ROAD - FISTFUL OF RUPEES (RUNNING MONTAGE)
speaker_heading: - DAY
text: An Anglo couple jockeying for preference. Hasari selects
text: them from a crowd. This is the beginning of RUNNING
speaker_heading: MONTAGE.
dialog: A) He runs AT us from different directions with riders
dialog: -- pushing, pushing -- the water getting higher, our
text: FOCUS VARIOUSLY IN NORMAL AND SLOW MOTION ON his
text: feet, his tensed muscles; for a moment, we hear only
text: his breathing, the sound of his feet on the pavement,
text: the RAIN AGAINST the CANOPY of the rickshaw.
text: B) He drags up with an entire, well-to-do family of six,
text: packed into the rickshaw.
text: C) He stumbles to a stop outside the emergency entrance
text: to the hospital, carrying a mother and her sick
dialog: child.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: D) An upper-crust Brahmin dressed in crisp white, an
text: umbrella protecting him against the harsh elements.
text: E) Four uniformed school children huddled, laughing
text: together under the rickshaw's canopy.
scene_heading: INT. LEPER COLONY - MEETA'S ROOM - DAY
text: The rain continues, as does the work in the clinic. Max
text: is working on Anouar, Aloka assisting. Meeta and the
dialog: baby (now 6 months old) in the b.g.
speaker_heading: ANOUAR
dialog: I think Aloka would have a gentler
dialog: touch than you, Max Daddah. Maybe
dialog: she should perform this surgery on
dialog: her own.
text: Aloka ducks her eyes, embarrassed.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Last time you told me you were
dialog: more than two women could manage.
speaker_heading: ANOUAR
dialog: Yes, but given a choice between one
dialog: and none, I will accept the one.
text: Max lifts Anouar off the table and places him on his
dialog: cart.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Okay, you ought to be good for
dialog: another few days. Send in the
dialog: next patient.
text: Anouar scoots out. Max and Aloka both turn to the
text: instruments lying on the table and knock a pair of
text: scissors to the floor. Simultaneously, they bend to pick
text: it up and bang heads.
speaker_heading: LOW ANGLE
text: The first impulse of each is to touch the other's head.
text: But almost simultaneously, their hands freeze short of
dialog: touching. Several months ago, Max might have tried to
text: kiss her; now, though, there is friendship and affection.
text: FROM here, we see a pair of bare feet. We COME WITH Max
dialog: and Aloka UP.
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Shoba, a deeply concerned look on his face. Slowly his
text: hands come forward, holding his parrot, with a broken
text: wing. He puts the parrot on the examining table.
scene_heading: INT. POST OFFICE - DAY
text: Hasari seals a letter and a money order into an envelope,
text: seals, and puts it into the slot. He is clearly
text: exhausted. Outside he can see two Sikh merchants at his
text: rickshaw, looking around in the rain for him. He hurries
text: toward the door.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Here! I'm here!
scene_heading: INT. SUBASH'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Aloka and three women huddled beside a window, Amrita
text: half hidden behind them. We PAN ACROSS a staircase TO
text: another window, THROUGH which we see a doorway. In the
text: doorway, Subash turns to smile a shy smile at Amrita; he
text: shrugs. PAST him now, we see Hasari facing SUBASH'S
text: FATHER and three UNCLES, surly men with hair matted with
text: mustard oil. The Ghoshes are all seated on low chairs
text: and stools. Hasari is standing.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - NIGHT
text: Mr. Ghosh and the Uncles stare at Hasari, who stands
text: politely and hopefully before them.
speaker_heading: MR. GHOSH (SUBASH'S FATHER)
dialog: You're a rickshaw puller, am I
dialog: correct?
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Yes, that's correct.
text: He looks at his brothers, on either side. They look at
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MR. GHOSH
dialog: And I a partner in the workshop
dialog: where your daughter is employed.
dialog: Were you aware of that?
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Yes, yes, I was, my daughter told
dialog: me, thank you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MR. GHOSH
dialog: Yes, well then, perhaps you can
dialog: tell me why I would permit my son
dialog: to marry your daughter.
text: Mr. Ghosh raises his palms. It's all over as far as
text: he's concerned.
speaker_heading: UNCLE #1
dialog: Just a moment, please.
text: The brothers huddle, whisper just loudly enough for
dialog: Hasari to hear.
speaker_heading: UNCLE #1
dialog: Are you saying there's no way
dialog: you'd consider this match?
text: Mr. Ghosh shakes his head, shrugs his palms.
speaker_heading: UNCLE #1
dialog: Perhaps some inducement? Would
dialog: that be of any help?
speaker_heading: MR. GHOSH
dialog: (considering this)
dialog: What could he possibly offer?
speaker_heading: UNCLE #1
dialog: Probably nothing. But perhaps,
dialog: in fairness, we should find out.
text: Mr. Ghosh shrugs. The huddle breaks. All five men
text: stare at Hasari.
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS - DAY
text: Hasari, mouth half open, flecked with spume, pulls a
text: huge Marwari. He's pouring sweat, his eyes are blood-
text: shot. He has never looked more like a horse.
text: They arrive at a cross street. The Marwari gets down
text: and pays Hasari. Hasari slumps against the rickshaw
text: and, while he awaits his next rider, counts his crum-
text: pled pile of notes and coins.
scene_heading: EXT. CLINIC - DAY
dialog: Max, Joan, Aristotle John, Margareta, Mehboub, perhaps
text: a dozen others trying to raise the level of the low
text: wall at the entrance with bricks. The wall caves in.
text: Other people in the neighborhood rush to rebuild it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: (shouting to the
dialog: others)
dialog: My dear friends, it's just
dialog: occurred to me what inspired me
dialog: to stay here.
text: Thinking he's about to make some cogent remark about
dialog: this unified effort...
speaker_heading: MARGARETA
dialog: What's that, Doctor Big Brother?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: The opportunity to acquire
dialog: waterfront property at a reasonable
dialog: price.
text: Joan begins to laugh; the others don't get it, query
dialog: each other as to what's funny about that.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: I hate to admit it, junior, but
dialog: that was actually quite witty.
text: She whacks him on the shoulder with a wet, muddy paw.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Ut-nobody laugh; it's a natural
dialog: disaster -- we have guests.
dialog: Everyone turns to...
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Manubai and Ravi, their car parked at the entryway to
text: the clinic. A big puddle separates them.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I'd throw my cape down, but I'm
text: all out of dry capes.
text: He sloshes through the water to them, wiping his muddy
text: hands on his pants. He offers a semi-clean hand to
dialog: each in turn.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: It's very nice to see you. Both
dialog: of you.
speaker_heading: RAVI
dialog: We heard you were still here.
dialog: Vijay wanted to send some things.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She indicates the car, which is packed with dry food
dialog: and such.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Shall we unload the car?
speaker_heading: RAVI
dialog: Yes, yes, by all means.
text: Max whistles, indicates the car. People come and start
text: unloading it, Ravi showing the way, leaving Max and
text: Manubai alone a moment, Aloka flicking her eyes at the
text: two of them.
speaker_heading: MANUBAI
dialog: I'm surprised. I really didn't
dialog: think you'd stick it out.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: People grow older; sometimes they
dialog: even grow up.
text: He smiles a sweet smile at her. She smiles back at him.
scene_heading: EXT. MUD BANK - WIDE SHOT - DAY
text: Anouar on Said's shoulders. The big mute runs, followed
text: by Hasari and a phalanx of rickshaw pullers: Chomotkar,
text: Rassoul, Ramatullah-Joan, Aloka, Manooj, several others
text: in the rickshaws, Max and Sunil, each with his doctor bag
text: -- all of them running in silhouette along the embankment
text: in the rain.
speaker_heading: ARISTOTLE JOHN
dialog: Where can we take them? We can't
dialog: take them back to the clinic. No
dialog: one will put up with it.
speaker_heading: SALADDIN
dialog: We can't let them drown, can we?
dialog: Eh, Max Daddah?
scene_heading: EXT. LEPER COLONY - DAY
text: The leper colony is submerged. The parents have put
text: their children on the roofs and the relatively able-
text: bodied lepers are piling charpoys one on top of another
text: to protect the sick and the infirm. Meeta and her baby
text: are on a roof. The mud bank is too slippery to get the
text: rickshaws down and back up.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: It's too deep!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 120.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A beat.
scene_heading: EXT. LEPER COLONY - PAIR MUDDY, PARTIAL HANDS - SAME
scene_heading: DAY - SOME MINUTES LATER
text: A leper clings to a rope as several of the human horses
text: pull him and others up the mud bank.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Max, Hasari, Rassoul, and Chomotkar up to their necks
text: in water; Hasari and Rassoul have a door on their
text: shoulders; on top of the door, a sick leper woman.
text: Max is lifting one child, then another onto the door.
text: The two pullers make their way slowly toward the mud
dialog: bank.
speaker_heading: ON MUD BANK
text: Aloka, Joan, helping lepers into rickshaw.
speaker_heading: MEETA
dialog: Anouar!
speaker_heading: ANOUAR
dialog: Max Daddah!
scene_heading: ON MEETA AND BABY
text: The hut starts to come apart under them. Max and
text: Chomotkar quickly move to the house with another door.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: We're here! We're here!
text: Chomotkar holds the door up as Meeta holds the baby
text: out in the direction of Max's voice. Max catches the
text: baby as the house slips down, then grabs Meeta, who
text: clings to him.
scene_heading: EXT. MUD BANK - DAY
text: Hasari pulling the lead rickshaw. Anouar on Max's
text: shoulders, the two of them leading a terrible ensemble
text: version of "Hound Dog." An air of festivity among
text: lepers and rescuers.
text: They come to a bridge made of two planks over rushing
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 121.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Several rickshaws go across but as Max and Anouar start
text: over, suddenly the ground gives way beneath Max's feet.
text: Anouar falls free; someone grabs him; but a blackish
text: stream rushes into Max's mouth and in an instant he's
text: swept beneath the gurgling filth. The density of the
text: filth makes his effort to surface ineffective. It
text: looks for all the world like he's going to drown.
speaker_heading: ON OTHERS
text: Max has disappeared. Instinctively, Hasari dives into
text: the maelstrom. He, too, disappears. After some moments,
text: Hasari surfaces, spitting the filth out of his mouth.
text: He dives again, comes up somewhere else. Dives a third
text: time. Is down. Is down. Is down. Then suddenly
text: bursts out of the filth, dragging the unconscious form
text: of Max Loeb into the air. More people have gathered.
dialog: Cries of:
speaker_heading: OTHERS
dialog: It's the doctor. Save Doctor Big
dialog: Brother!
text: Aloka passes a baby to someone and helps Hasari push
text: Max up onto the bank. But now Hasari doesn't know
text: what to do and turns to his wife.
text: Aloka quickly clears Max's mouth and begins to admin-
text: ister mouth-to-mouth resuscitation. She blows, she
text: breathes; she blows, she breathes. People crowd in.
text: Aloka blows, she breathes. It seems, though, that by
text: his stillness and by the looks on people's faces that
text: Max is dead. Yet, more determined still, Aloka goes
text: on; blows, breathes...
scene_heading: CLOSE ON ALOKA AND MAX
text: And now Max gags, his body erupts in spasm, and he
text: explodes a stream of black liquid out of his lungs.
text: Aloka supports his forehead as Max retches again and
text: then comes still. A beat.
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM - NIGHT
dialog: We PAN ACROSS members of our group -- lepers and
text: normals -- passing bowls of rice in a simple communal
text: meal, Singing a religious song quietly. On the floor
text: in the b.g., Anouar is writing something on a slightly
text: damp stretch of cloth with a child's crayon. Said
text: takes the cloth and tacks it to the wall. What Anouar
dialog: has written is this, "All that is not given is lost."
text: Everyone in the room stares at the words.
dialog: 122.
scene_heading: INT. CLINIC - MAX'S ROOM - NIGHT
text: Max opens his eyes to find Joan, Hasari, Aloka, and the
text: children keeping a vigil.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Oh, Jesus, the guy went to sleep
dialog: when he was supposed to be working?
dialog: I gotta get up --
text: He tries to get up. Joan pushes him back down.
speaker_heading: JOAN
dialog: Sshh, sshh, sshh! No heroics,
dialog: junior. Lay back. You're all
dialog: right.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: All right.
dialog: (a distant laugh)
dialog: Yeah, I am, I'm all right.
text: He is a little delirious. The boys come close, kneel
text: at his side, instinctively reach out to him.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Want you guys to know something.
dialog: About me. Wanted to be the
dialog: world's greatest heart surgeon,
dialog: just one better than my dad. Just
dialog: one. First time I'm the lead
dialog: surgeon on a case, the main guy, I
dialog: choke. Froze. The chief made me
dialog: step aside. My teacher. Had to
dialog: take over for me. Went into
dialog: radiology. Photography. Had to
dialog: have somethin' easy. No pressure.
dialog: Wasn't too nuts about myself.
dialog: Quit.
text: Hasari reaches out and touches Max, telling him with a
text: touch that it's all right. He stares up through bleary
text: eyes at all of them with utterly open love. Amrita
text: holds out a small gift to him: It's a banana leaf,
text: holding a small scoop of rice and surrounded by little
text: decorative leaves.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You people... You...
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I love you guys.
scene_heading: EXT. RAM'S HUT - TWO MONTHS LATER - DAY
text: A group gathered on a dry, sunny afternoon, peering into
text: the hut. We FOCUS on the growing flower in the tea
text: caddy in the window and then go THROUGH the window into:
dialog: 123.
scene_heading: INT. PALS' ROOM - DAY
text: Hasari, Max (dressed quite India), the local Hara Giri,
text: Mr. Ghosh and the four Ghosh uncles crammed into the
text: tiny room. Members of our group jam the doorway,
text: spectating. The air is close.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I can offer no more than I've
dialog: offered! No more! All right,
dialog: I'll add two dhotis, two vests,
dialog: and a punjabi. But that's all.
text: Mr. Ghosh lights up a bidi, looks at his brothers,
text: wrinkles his brows at Hasari.
speaker_heading: MR. GHOSH
dialog: That's all? Did he say that's
dialog: all?
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: My daughter's qualities will make
dialog: up for what is lacking.
speaker_heading: SUBASH'S FATHER
dialog: Well, it won't do! I am firm in
dialog: requiring for my exceptional son
dialog: the bicycle, 1000 repees... and
dialog: one ounce of gold.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: That's robbery! The child of a
dialog: rajah might be worth that, and
dialog: I'm not even sure of that!
dialog: Impossible!
text: We linger on Shambu a moment.
scene_heading: INT. ST. PIUS SCHOOL - HEADMISTRESSES' OFFICE - DAY
text: Sister Cecilia, in full habit, looks over a sheaf of
dialog: test scores.
text: Then she peers up at...
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Manooj, seated between Hasari and Max.
speaker_heading: SISTER CECILIA
dialog: Well, indeed I think Sister Joan
dialog: is right -- we've got a prospect
dialog: here. We'll start you off with a
dialog: few classes; if that works out,
dialog: we'll make a proper student of you.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Hasari can't believe his ears. Manooj sits frozen. Max
dialog: grins.
scene_heading: EXT. NARROW LANE - NEAR CITY OF JOY - DAY
text: Amrita, Subash, and Shambu heading home from the work-
text: shop. Shambu's cast is gone. Subash flirts with
text: Amrita. They see Hasari, Max, and Manooj coming toward
text: them. Manooj runs to them, shouting that he's going to
text: the school; Amrita, Subash, Shambu congratulate him...
speaker_heading: HASARI AND MAX
text: Suddenly the rickshaw wheels jam. They turn to find
text: two men, one of whom has slammed a stick into Hasari's
text: spokes. Retribution, it would seem, has arrived.
text: The kids stop, huddle instinctively together in fear.
text: Our policeman disappears into a doorway as shutters
text: close up and down this little street. There are thugs
text: at both ends. No one else is visible on the street.
text: The two men stare at Hasari a moment, smiling. Then
text: one gets into the rickshaw, crosses his legs as if he
text: might want transport. But now he whips out a narrow
text: bladed knife, and still staring at Hasari, begins to
text: slice up the newly covered seats of the rickshaw. Max
text: looks around, trying to cool things.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Hey, come on, don't do this.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Well, what's the problem here?
text: They turn, Ashoka. Behind him, the Goonda.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: You've become very brave of late,
dialog: haven't you?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Don't do this.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: Oh, I do what I please. You see,
dialog: my father's dead, I'm in charge
dialog: now. So you will get off my
dialog: streets, you will leave my
dialog: country, and that clinic and
dialog: school will close.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: My father was weak. He let you
dialog: and your European friend give
dialog: these little people ideas. It's
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: You can't do this!
text: He takes no more than a step at Ashoka, a hand coming up,
text: when he's hit hard from behind. Goes to his knees.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Jesus Christ.
text: His hand comes away from the back of his head with blood.
text: He tries to rise and is hit again.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: (to the kids)
dialog: Get back! Stay back!
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: No, no, come forward. Come.
text: Ashoka glides toward the petrified Amrita. The Goonda
text: remains unmoving, watchful. Ashoka puts out his hand
text: with its rings, and strokes Amrita's cheek.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: What a little woman already, hey?
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Please, don't touch her, Babu.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I said, Please, don't touch her.
text: Hasari glances over his shoulder, his eyes bouncing off
text: the Goonda's impassive face. Now, the knife comes out of
text: Ashoka's pocket, snaps open, glints in the light.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: She's going to give someone a lot
dialog: of enjoyment. Yes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: There's a moment of unbearable tension as everyone, in-
text: cluding the Goonda, realizes this man is out of control.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: (to the Goonda)
dialog: He said 'please' didn't he?
dialog: 'Please, don't touch her?'
text: The Goonda stares at Ashoka... And now Ashoka reaches out
text: and we FOLLOW CLOSE on his hand as it moves ever so
text: slowly through space to settle on Amrita's breast.
text: And now Hasari explodes. He hits Ashoka. A hard punch
text: to the chest. Ashoka stumbles and falls to one knee.
text: The Two Thugs make a move to come to his rescue... but a
text: curious thing stops them: the Goonda's arm, outstretched
text: across their path, his eyes alerting them not to proceed.
text: Max lurches to his feet unsteadily.
speaker_heading: ASHOKA
dialog: Bhose, help me!
text: Hasari unloads a punch into Ashoka's face; Ashoka's nose
text: pours blood; he starts to whimper. He clutches Hasari
text: hard to him. Holds him. Hasari struggles, slams his
text: palm into Ashoka's chin, sending Ashoka to the ground,
text: sending the knife skidding across the ground. Hasari
text: grabs the knife, straddles Ashoka, about to kill. But he
dialog: can't do it.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Life is hard enough. No more.
dialog: Leave us alone.
text: Hasari backs off, leans against a wall, stares down at
text: Ashoka, his hands in tight against his body.
text: Manooj and Shambu stare at their father in awe.
text: Shambu sees something on the ground where the first blow
text: was delivered to Ashoka's chest. Everyone has moved
text: slightly to one side. He bends and closes his fist
dialog: around something.
text: The Goonda steps between Ashoka and Max and Hasari.
speaker_heading: GOONDA
dialog: You won't be bothered again.
text: A look from the Goonda and the Thugs vanish, leaving
text: Ashoka cowering in a doorway on his knees.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Shutters start to open, people begin to appear again in
text: doorways and windows.
text: Fearing for his life, Ashoka suddenly bolts.
text: Max is fixed on Hasari. He lets up a scream of exulta-
text: tion, his hand going out for a "five" from Hasari. The
text: kids charge toward Hasari.
text: Then everyone freezes.
text: Hasari lists to his right side and blood starts to pour
text: from the knife wound in his abdomen under his pressing
dialog: arm.
scene_heading: EXT. MAX'S ROOM - UPSTAIRS BALCONY - NIGHT
text: From here we can see Hasari on Max's cot under "The Raft
text: of the Medusa" in the little room overlooking the street.
text: Out here, the two doctors are alone.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Why don't you go on home. I'll
dialog: stay with him.
text: Sunil nods. Max grips Sunil's hand strongly. Sunil goes
text: down the steps. Max moves to Hasari's bedside. He
text: watches Hasari breathing. He looks up at "The Raft of
dialog: the Medusa."
scene_heading: INT. MAX'S ROOM - NIGHT (SEVERAL HOURS LATER)
text: A thin stream of dawn light coming through the half-
text: closed shutters.
scene_heading: FROM HERE - THE BALCONY
text: Through the open door, we can just see Joan, praying
text: quietly. Close around her, Anouar, Meeta, Surya, Marga-
dialog: reta, Poomina...
speaker_heading: THE ROOM
text: Beneath "The Raft of the Medusa," Hasari Pal speaks to
text: his family and Max, Aloka sitting close to the bed, the
text: Children on the bed beside their father, and Max standing
dialog: close.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 128.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HASARI
text: A man's journey to the end of his
dialog: obligations is a very long road.
dialog: And you have to remember that you
dialog: can never give up. We pray that
dialog: life will bless us, that we will
dialog: be kings, with possessions and
dialog: money that we can rule over all
dialog: around us. But it's a mist; the
dialog: only thing that makes it possible
dialog: to endure life is our love, one
dialog: for the other.
text: A beat, the family and Max tightly bound together. And
text: now we hear the dim sounds of RICKSHAW BELLS.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I was dreaming the sound of
text: rickshaw bells, and now I hear
dialog: them.
text: Max opens the windows. Manooj helps his father sit up.
scene_heading: COURTYARD - THEIR POV
text: Outside, there are rickshaw pullers filling the courtyard
text: and spilling out into the street. When the window opens,
text: all the Pullers start ringing their bells and the room is
text: full of their music.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Are they here for me?
dialog: Unquestionably, they are.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: A city so big. When we arrived,
dialog: we didn't have a place to live, a
dialog: friend.
text: He smiles.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE
text: The many hands with their ringing bells.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON WINDOW
text: The tiny figure of Shambu joins Max in the window. Max
text: bends close.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 129.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SHAMBU
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Is my father going to die?
text: Max makes the same sound he made in the ashram at the
dialog: beginning of the movie, though this sound of dismissal
dialog: different.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: Get serious.
scene_heading: INT. RAM'S HUT - HASARI'S FACE - DAY
text: Hasari mirrors Max's expression of dismissal!
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: Get serious! I've agreed to the
dialog: bicycle, I've agreed to the 1000
dialog: rupees! I can go no further. I
dialog: have nothing more to give!
scene_heading: OUTSIDE THE HUT
text: Everyone crowded around the door. From within, we DIMLY
text: HEAR the negotiations continue. Max approaches from the
text: clinic. Shambu slips down the steps from above as...
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: How's it going?
speaker_heading: RAM
text: All that stands between them now
dialog: is the ounce of gold. Max
dialog: Daddah, Joan Di -- is she a good
dialog: reader?
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: She read this letter to me.
dialog: ( he shows Max)
dialog: But I think she must have read it
dialog: wrong. She said my wife writes
dialog: that irrigation has come to our
dialog: village.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: But that's great.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 130.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: But it means I should go home to
dialog: my wife.
speaker_heading: MAX
dialog: I thought that's why we've been
dialog: writing all these letters.
speaker_heading: RAM
dialog: Yes, of course, I love her from
dialog: here, yes; but, what if I go home
dialog: and find I don't love her from
dialog: there.
text: Shambu takes him by the hand and tugs him quickly to the
text: edge of the tea shop. The little boy indicates Max
text: should bend close. Max leans down.
speaker_heading: SHAMBU
dialog: Daddy needs gold, right?
text: Max nods. And Shambu brings his fist up from under the
dialog: table.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON SHAMBU'S HAND
text: He opens his hand to disclose what he scooped off the
text: ground during the fight: Max's necklace and Hebrew
dialog: letter.
speaker_heading: SHAMBU
dialog: Do you think this is pretend gold
dialog: or real?
speaker_heading: MAX AND SHAMBU
text: Max stares at the little boy's hopeful face.
scene_heading: INT. PAL'S ROOM - FLOWER
text: We see the fully blossomed flower in the tea caddy and
text: then Hasari's fingers come INTO THE FRAME. He carefully
text: snips the flower free of its stalk.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Amrita is dressed in the beautiful sari her father bought
text: her. Father and daughter are alone. He hands her the
text: flower and adjusts her veil tenderly.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 131.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: You never did belong to me. You
dialog: were only lent to me by God until
dialog: you marry and continue the wheel
dialog: of life.
text: Amrita stares at her loving father and slowly her arms
text: come up around his neck, the flower against his curved
text: back. Tears fill Hasari's eyes, but a smile graces his
dialog: lips.
scene_heading: EXT. SQUARE - DAY - EARLY EVENING
text: The procession to the courtyard begins when a BRASS BAND
text: strikes up, accompanied by singing and shouting. Tiny
text: lights have been strung over the street. We see Max and
text: Manubai. Margareta and a group of children. Joan with
dialog: Poomina. Anour, Meeta, Said. Everyone who's become part
text: of the family is present.
scene_heading: EXT. CLINIC COURTYARD - DAY (DUSK)
text: The procession arrives and enters. Smoke from the chu-
text: las. Light from a half dozen lamps.
text: Subash and his procession make their entrance. A ritual
text: veil is fixed to Subash's face. The Pujari waves for
text: Hasari to come to his place. Hasari turns to Max.
speaker_heading: HASARI
dialog: I would be pleased if you would
dialog: stand with me in the place of
dialog: honor to the right of my daughter.
text: Deeply touched, Max nods... and the two men step for-
text: ward... as Subash is motioned forward by the Pujari.
text: Subash sits beside Amrita.
speaker_heading: THE CEREMONY
text: A flame. The shyness of bride and groom as the ceremony
text: proceeds with the winding of the red thread. Hasari
text: looks on with unspeakable pride, Max beside him. We see
dialog: the faces of all our family again: Aloka, Manooj and
dialog: Shambu, Joan, Poomina, Surya, Selima, Aristotle John,
dialog: etc.
dialog: 132.
speaker_heading: THE WHEEL
text: Turning. As Amrita and Subash, joined by the thread,
text: circle the flame... as we PULL BACK AND UP. Now we see
dialog: the clinic and school and the surrounding area, the
text: alleys full of people and activity. As we continue to
text: PULL BACK, we see the entirety of the City of Joy and
text: then beyond -- Calcutta, its teeming streets -- life con-
text: tinuing as the sun sets against an infinite sky and we
scene_heading: ROLL END CREDITS.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
