text: “CITY ISLAND”
dialog: by
dialog: Raymond De Felitta
scene_heading: INT. NORTH JERSEY CORRECTIONAL FACILITY DAY
text: A dank and cheerless cell-block. Two Correctional Officers
text: examine the cells, making sure all inmates are present. One
text: of the officers is middle-aged, tough but not scary-tough.
scene_heading: This is VINCENT RIZZO.
text: Vince Rizzo calls out the names of the prisoners as they
dialog: pass the cells.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Nakovny...Napperfork..Nardella...
text: This last name makes him pause. He stops and stares into the
text: cell at a YOUNG INMATE who glowers back.
speaker_heading: VINCE (V.O.)
dialog: You asked me my worst secret. My most
dialog: personal secret. The secret of all my
dialog: secrets. I get it.
text: Vince stares at the young man named Nardella. And then,
text: reluctantly, moves on.
speaker_heading: VINCE (V.O.)
dialog: But first..I’m Vince Rizzo and I want to begin
dialog: by telling you about where I live.
speaker_heading: CREDIT SEQUENCE
scene_heading: 1. EXT. CITY ISLAND THE BRONX DAY
text: Boats in the harbor. Sunlight glinting off the water. Old
text: clapboard houses set in what appears to be a genuine fishing
text: village. All with a view of Manhattan.
speaker_heading: VINCE (V.O.)
dialog: City Island is a fishing village, located
dialog: in the Bronx, New York, a place most people
text: associate with machete’s, chop-shops, the
text: Son of Sam, gang warfare and the once great
dialog: New York Yankees.
text: SHOTS OF FAMILIES LEAVING THEIR HOUSES FOR WORK
speaker_heading: VINCE (V.O.)
dialog: The Bronx is all these things. But it is also
dialog: home to the families that are the infra-
dialog: structure of the greatest city in the world—
dialog: the fireman, the cab-drivers, the sanitation
text: workers, the secretaries, the teachers and
dialog: the cops. And the guys who work in our local
dialog: prisons. Like myself
text: MORE SHOTS OF CITY ISLAND
text: The locals opening their shops in the morning, bidding
dialog: each other a good day.
speaker_heading: VINCE (V.0.)
dialog: Now: City Island is distinct from the rest
dialog: of the Bronx by virtue of being located on
text: it’s own two lane spit, right in the middle
dialog: of the Sound. Most people don’t believe it
text: until they see it. And within the one square
dialog: mile that comprises all there is of City
dialog: Island lies another distinction. That of the
text: muscle-sucker versus the clam digger.
text: SHOTS OF THE BOAT WORKERS IN THE HARBOR
speaker_heading: VINCE (V.O.)
text: The ‘muscle-sucker’ is an island resident who
dialog: moved here from somewhere else. The ‘clam-
dialog: digger’, however, was born and bred on City
dialog: Island, preferably in the same house that’s
dialog: been handed down through the generations.
dialog: Myself, I'm a clam-digger. There’s quite a
dialog: few of us. Houses don’t go up for sale here
dialog: everyday. My grandparents built our house in
dialog: 1924. My dad grew up here. So did I. My kids
dialog: did too. And this goes to the heart of why it
dialog: matters so much to a clam-digger to be what
text: he is and not some mussel-sucker.
scene_heading: 2. EXT. RIZZO HOUSE DAY
text: The Rizzo family home at the end of the cul-de-sac, which
text: sits on the water. Quaint, but not well kept. A Jeep and a
text: Dodge Rambler sit on the ill-kept front lawn.
speaker_heading: VINCE (V.O.)
dialog: Because we represent family, continuity,
dialog: stability. And in the Bronx—hell, in the
dialog: world as we know it—these qualities are in
text: increasingly short supply. In short, the
dialog: world can be divided between clam-diggers and
dialog: mussel suckers. Those who stay, and those who
dialog: wander. But I digress. You asked me my worst
dialog: secret. My most personal secret. The secret
dialog: of all my secrets. Well..like most of us, I
dialog: guess I have a few.
text: From an upstairs side-window, we see SMOKE. Not billowing
text: or threatening, just gently emerging from the window.
scene_heading: 3. INT. RIZZO HOUSE DAY
text: JOYCE RIZZO is getting dressed in a hurry. Great body. Savvy
dialog: eyes. Men of a certain generation would call her
text: foxy. Morning news blares from a television. The bedroom
text: is small and unkempt.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Vince! You fall in or something--what
dialog: are you doin' in there?
speaker_heading: VINCE (0.s.)
dialog: Shower!
text: Joyce makes a jerk-off motion.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I need the blow-dryer.
text: No response. She goes to the bathroom door and bangs.
scene_heading: 4. INT. BATHROOM
text: Although the shower is running, VINCE RIZZO is NOT
text: showering. He is smoking a cigarette, leaning against the
text: tiny window and carefully blowing the smoke out. On his
text: face, bemusement. As Joyce knocks--
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Christ.
text: He carefully stashes his cigarette on the ledge, grabs the
text: blow-dryer and opens the door a crack, offering it.
text: She grabs it.
scene_heading: 5. INT. HALLWAY/BEDROOM
text: Joyce. As she moves down the hall she yells—
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Vinnie! You ready for your test today?
scene_heading: 6. INT. VINCE JR.’s ROOM
text: VINCE JR., seventeen, is skinny, all elbows and angst.
text: He surfs the web for porn. We see quick flashes of breasts,
text: legs, asses.
speaker_heading: VINCE JR.
dialog: Uh, yeah. Just about.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Go out and start my car. I’1l be five
dialog: minutes.
text: He stands up and backs away from the internet, not taking
text: his eyes off it as he leaves his room.
scene_heading: 7. EXT. RIZZO HOUSE
text: Vince Jr. exits the house, backpack slung over his
text: shoulder, leans into Joyce’s jeep and starts it up.
text: Across the street an OBESE WOMAN is leaving. She’s over
text: three-hundred pounds but carries herself well, even proudly.
text: She waves at Vince Jr.
speaker_heading: OBESE WOMAN
dialog: Morning.
text: He watches as she maneuvers herself into a small Honda and
text: drives away. Vince Jr. stares as the little car disappears
text: up the street.
scene_heading: 8. INT. RIZZO'S BEDROOM
text: Joyce is almost done with her hair. Vince enters in a robe.
text: Now we see him clearly for the first time.
text: Vince Rizzo is forty-ish. He is very much here and very
text: much somewhere else simultaneously. Distraction is his mode.
text: His face which is a perfect poem of puzzlement. As he
dialog: dresses—
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Call Vivian, will ya'? Find out what
text: train she's taking.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: She staying over?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Spring Break. She's here all week.
dialog: I thought we’d go out for Mexican tonight--
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Poker game.
text: JOYCE (rolls her eyes)
dialog: Your daughter’s home from college
dialog: and all you can think about is--
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: She’s here all week! Just make an
dialog: early dinner and don’t let’s start.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: And this summer, Vince? You are
dialog: finishing that garage room and adding
dialog: another bathroom-even if we gotta get
dialog: you back on night shift to afford it!
text: The slamming of the door as Joyce exits ends the
text: conversation. Vince looks at himself in the mirror.
text: His eyes seem to ask: is this a bad marriage?
scene_heading: 9. INT. VINCE'S DODGE RAMBLER
text: Vince sits in traffic on the New Jersey Turnpike. He punches
text: his cellular. A moment later---
speaker_heading: VIVIAN (0.S.)
dialog: Hi dad.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Hey sweetheart. How's our future college
dialog: grad?
speaker_heading: VIVIAN (0.S.)
dialog: S'fine. Whatever. What’s up?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Well, your mom wants to know what you want to
dialog: do all week?
speaker_heading: VIVIAN (0.S.)
dialog: All week?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Yeah, your spring break.
scene_heading: VIVIAN (pause, then--0O.S.)
dialog: Oh. Right.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: You got other plans? D’you forget?
speaker_heading: VIVIAN (0.S.)
dialog: No. Course not. I just have work and--
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Bring your books with you. Take the six
dialog: o'clock. I'll pick you up.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN (0.S.)
dialog: You don't have to!
text: He almost rear-ends a car. But he slams on the breaks and
text: loses his phone. When he picks it up off the floor--
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Hello? Christ.
text: Vivian's gone. Vince crushes his cigarette out and lights
dialog: another.
scene_heading: 10. EXT. BRONX SCIENCE HIGH SCHOOL
text: Joyce’s car pulls up. Vince Jr. gets out. Joyce scrawls
text: her signature on a piece of paper and hands it to him.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Write whatever, I don’t have time.
text: She drives off. Vince Jr. waits a beat, watching her go.
text: Once she's gone, he rummages through his bag again and peers
dialog: in.
text: A pack of Marlboro Lights and a bic at the ready. He sets
text: his mother’s “note” on fire and lights a cigarette with it.
scene_heading: 11. INT. JOYCE’S CAR
text: Joyce drives into the city. She reaches into her purse. A
text: pack of Camel lights and a bic at the ready! She lights up
text: her first smoke of the day and exhales gustily.
scene_heading: 12. EXT. NORTH JERSEY STATE CORRECTIONAL FACILIT
text: Vince's Rambler pulls into the officials gate. He parks
text: and gets out, hustling from the car to the building chain
text: lighting one cigarette with the next.
scene_heading: 13. EXT. BRONX SCIENCE HIGH SCHOOL
text: Vince Jr. looks around and sees—
text: A CHUBBY TEENAGE GIRL SITTING ON THE STEPS
text: This is CHERYL. Vince Jr. walks over.
speaker_heading: VINCE JR.
dialog: Hey, Cheryl. What’s the matter?
scene_heading: CHERYL (not looking up)
dialog: Don’t feel well. I’m going home.
speaker_heading: VINCE JR.
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: CHERYL
dialog: It’s this new diet I’m on. Cabbage soup
text: and lentils. My stomach is, like, exploding.
text: (then, looks at him sourly)
dialog: I can’t believe you smoke. Gross.
speaker_heading: VINCE JR.
dialog: Wanna do something? I’m not going to
dialog: class today.
speaker_heading: CHERYL
dialog: Like what?
speaker_heading: VINCE JR.
dialog: I don’t know. Maybe get some doughnuts?
speaker_heading: CHERYL
dialog: Oh, nice. Just make a fat joke. Creep.
text: Cheryl gets up and marches away. Vince Jr. stares at her,
text: bemused at her reaction. Then he walks the other way.
scene_heading: 14. INT. JERSEY CORRECTIONAL DAY
text: Morning roll call. Vince--in uniform--walks with another
text: guard, MATT CRUNIFF. Vince yells out names as Matt Cruniff
text: inspects cells. (After every name we hear a GRUNT.)
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Hall! Hammett! Hansky! Hattford!
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Morning ladies!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Holurud! Hunt! Innersby! Issacs!
scene_heading: 15. INT. LAW FIRM DAY
text: Joyce Rizzo works the phones. This is her gig.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
text: Partrige, Amis, Pruitt and Van Helfen--
dialog: he's at lunch, would you like voicemail?
text: She patches through without waiting for an answer. Takes
text: her headset off and leaves. She hits another secretary's
text: desk. Her name is TANYA.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: He played poker again last night.
text: As she walks away, Tanya bails her station, eagerly.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Wait! Joyce, wait!
scene_heading: 16. INT. JERSEY CORRECTIONAL DAY
text: Panning the faces of the prisoners as they grunt after
dialog: their names are called.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Nadler! Nakovny! Nardella!
text: After this last grunt, a slight pause. Vince looks at the
dialog: prisoner named: TONY NARDELLA
text: Twenty-one years of age. Dark hair. Brooding good looks. He
text: stares sullenly back at Vince. A beat. Then Vince continues
dialog: with—
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Neirhoff! Nieman! Nosotrolanos!
text: Nardella’s eyes follow Vince warily. Then he looks away.
scene_heading: 17. EXT. OFFICE BUILDING DAY
text: Joyce and Tanya smoke it up on the plaza in front of their
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I checked his pockets. No money—and I figure
dialog: Vince for a loser at cards. So he might
dialog: really be playing poker.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: I remember my Bernie’s poker-game.
dialog: Jamie-Lee. From Arkansas. Still hard to
dialog: believe anyone other than Bill Clinton
dialog: coming from Arkansas.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Besides, Vince isn’t really the cheating
dialog: type. You know? I mean, that takes energy,
dialog: planning.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: You yourself told me it’s been a year
dialog: since you've had sex.
text: JOYCE (thinks, shakes her head)
dialog: Yeah, but Tanya, a year without sex in
dialog: a long marriage, that’s like a coffee break.
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Okay. So, how come the poker game is always
dialog: when he’s pissed off at you?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Good, but not positive proof. I gotta theory
dialog: that most guys don’t bother to cheat cause
dialog: it’s too much trouble. They like the sex up
dialog: here—
dialog: (she points to her head)
dialog: --more than..you know. And honestly? What’s
dialog: the difference? After awhile, marriage is
dialog: really just about running a business.
speaker_heading: TANYA
text: Sooo empowered.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Shut up.
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Joyce—hello? My husband sharing with somebody
dialog: else what he is legally bound to only share
dialog: with me? And expecting me to believe he’s
dialog: playing poker?
dialog: (pause, then simply)
dialog: Even if it were a better lie, I’d kill him.
dialog: And her.
text: Tanya smokes her cigarette. Joyce looks away.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Is that what you did to Jamie-Lee?
speaker_heading: TANYA
dialog: Worse. I let her keep Bernie.
scene_heading: *18.INT. CORRECTIONS OFFICE
text: Vince and Matt behind a desk in the strictly basics office
text: they share. Vince reads a tattered paperback: “BRANDO: A
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: So. Playing "poker" tonight?
text: He makes "quote" signs and smiles knowingly. Vince shoots
text: him a look.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: It's not what you think, Matt.
dialog: (back to paperwork)
dialog: Who the new guys?
dialog: 1
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Del Boga—transferred from Upstate.
dialog: And uh—Nardella.
speaker_heading: VINCE (pause, then)
dialog: Lemme see his sheet.
text: Matt tosses Vince a short stack of papers. In bold letters:
scene_heading: NARDELLA, ANTHONY---
scene_heading: Transfer--Camden State. B: 8/12/84 Camden, N.J.
scene_heading: COUNT THREE-GRAND THEFT AUTO DRUG FELONY
scene_heading: POSSESSION MAXIMUM OFFENDER Approved-- board of
dialog: parole.
dialog: Next to this is:
scene_heading: A MUGSHOT OF TONY NARDELLA
text: Facing front and profile. Vince examines it.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Grand Theft Auto, ounce a’coke, intent
dialog: to sell. Done three of five at Southcourt.
text: They laid him off on us—overcrowding.
speaker_heading: VINCE (reading)
dialog: “Parole..provisional release to closest
dialog: living relative...”
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Coulda done thirty days on the outside if
dialog: he'd had any family to claim his sorry
dialog: grand theft ass. Instead he’s gotta wait out
dialog: the rest of his time...
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Hm. S’tough.
speaker_heading: MATT (shrugs)
dialog: He’‘ll get out eventually. Then
text: he gets to boost another Ferrari.
speaker_heading: VINCE (reading the sheet)
dialog: Says it was an Impala.
text: Vince's eyes: something odd running through his brain.
speaker_heading: 18. OMIT
scene_heading: 19. EXT. PRISON
dialog: 12
text: Vince steps outside for a smoke. He punches his cellular. A
dialog: moment later---
speaker_heading: VIVIAN (0.S.)
dialog: Hi dad.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Hey sweetheart. How's our future college
dialog: grad?
scene_heading: 19A. INT. LOCKER ROOM
text: Vivian Rizzo is opening her locker and getting what appears
text: to be a workout outfit out of her backpack.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: S'fine. Whatever. What’s up?
speaker_heading: VINCE (0.s.)
dialog: Well, your mom wants to know what you want to
dialog: do all week?
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: All week?
scene_heading: 19B. INTERCUT VINCE AND VIVIAN
text: Vince blowing the smoke away from the phone so as not to be
text: heard..Vivian getting her clothes out.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Yeah, your spring break.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Oh. Right.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: You got other plans? D’you forget?
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: No. Course not. I just have work and--
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Bring your books with you. Take the six
dialog: o'clock. I'll pick you up.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: You don't have to!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I want too! Call and tell me what bus you
dialog: catch. I love you.
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Love you too.
text: Hang ups. Pull back from Vivian. The locker room is
text: populated by attractive young women in thongs, bras, outfits
text: that don’t seem.collegiate. A bouncer pokes his head in.
speaker_heading: BOUNCER
dialog: Noon shift. You’re on.
text: Vivian hustles into her “work outfit” and walks out into the
scene_heading: 19C. INT. HELL’S HALF ACRE MAIN ROOM
text: Main area of a strip club. As she walks she talks with a
text: fellow stripper named EZMALIA, an eastern Eurpoean...
speaker_heading: EZMALIA
dialog: You look happy.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: I’m losing a whole weekend full of shifts.
dialog: Forgot about “spring break.”
speaker_heading: EZMALIA
dialog: What's with you and Spring break? Take
dialog: a vacation like the other kids.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: I need the money.
text: As the two girls climb the stage and get to work on the
dialog: poles,
speaker_heading: EZMALIA
dialog: You young girl—alone. How much money you
dialog: need?
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: You tried going to college in America?
speaker_heading: EZMALIA
dialog: You tried financial aid?
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: You tried keeping your scholarship to a
dialog: Catholic University after being caught
dialog: with a kilo of the sticky Hawaiian?
speaker_heading: EZMALIA
dialog: You were a dealer?
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: I was holding. They suspended me and cut
dialog: off my funds. I can go back next semester
dialog: but I have to pay full tuition.
text: Ezmalia nods towards Vivian’s large chest.
speaker_heading: EZMALIA
dialog: How much for those?
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Welcome to America. Takes
dialog: money to make money.
scene_heading: 20. j%XINT. PENN STATION
text: Sad Penn, with its Pizza and Doughnut dives. Vince is
text: waiting at a gate, watching passengers pour off a train.
dialog: Finally—
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
text: a bag in her hand. This is a different Vivian. Her hair is
text: up in a bun, her clothes are conservative--khaki's, sweater
text: and glasses. Vince’s eyes: he adores his ‘little girl’.
text: Father and daughter hug.
speaker_heading: VINCE
text: I'm double parked on thirty-fifth street.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: You didn't have to come. I coulda taken
dialog: the express bus.
scene_heading: 21. j§INT. VINCE'S DODGE RAMBLER
text: Chugging up the West Side Highway, heading for the Cross
text: Bronx. Fat Friday Traffic. 1010 WINS blares traffic reports
text: from the car radio.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: You bring your books?
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Um--no.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: You don't gotta study or nothin'?
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: S'fine. Whatever, dad.
dialog: 15
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I don't want you fallin' behind in--
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Stop, dad.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: What? I'm only concerned--
text: VIVIAN (yells, pointing ahead)
speaker_heading: STOP DAD!
text: She means the car. They rear-end the car in front of them.
scene_heading: 22. ‘EXT. RIZZO'S HOUSE NIGHT
text: The Rambler pulls up onto the lawn, it's front grill badly
text: dented.
text: As Vince and Vivian get out of the car, Joyce appears
text: in the doorway, looking at the car.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Great Vince. Beautiful. Thing of beauty.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Ah, shut-up.
text: Vivian looks like she's ready to go back to “college.”
scene_heading: 23. .NT. DINING ROOM
text: The Four Rizzo's eat. Vince Jr. stares off at a television
text: set in the other room, playing TVLAND.
speaker_heading: JOYCE (to Vivian)
text: Bloomie's havin' a sale in Pelham.
dialog: We should go tomorrow.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Yeah. Sure.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I can take off a day or two next week--
dialog: maybe we'll go to the Botanical Gardens.
dialog: Vinnie's been wanting to go.
speaker_heading: VINCE JR. (frowns)
dialog: I what?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: To the Botanical Gardens.
text: She whacks his
dialog: 16
dialog: VINCE JR. (makes face)
dialog: My face mom. It’s like: botanical
dialog: gardens? Maybe a tour of the ziplock
dialog: bag factory would be more interesting?
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Shut up, Vince—
speaker_heading: VINCE JR.
dialog: 'Shut up Vince'—‘you shut up’—
dialog: ‘no way’—‘way!’
text: arm. Not hard. He recoils in fake pain.
speaker_heading: VINCE JR.
dialog: Ahh! Christ--my heart!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Hey, hey, enough.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: When's he leaving this phase of his
dialog: dopey adolescence?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Never. He's gonna stay in high school
dialog: forever cause he's too smart to take
dialog: any of his classes seriously.
speaker_heading: VINCE JR.
dialog: What for--to get an "A"? Wow, I got
dialog: an "A". Five more "A's" and I'll have
text: a "Four point 0." Letters and numbers.
dialog: All so I can grow up and be another
dialog: meaningless--
speaker_heading: JOYCE (jumps in)
dialog: Prison guard like your father who didn't
dialog: go to college either.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Oh mom, real nice.
dialog: VINCE (eats, pause, then)
dialog: Know what else happens if you don’t go to
dialog: college? You wind up with a wife who answers
dialog: phones for a goddam living!
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I went to Oneonta—
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: For two years, big deal. Not exactly
dialog: a Harvard Degree there, is it?
text: Vince Jr. is watching the mounting argument like a
dialog: spectator.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: If I hadn't gotten pregnant—
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Great mom, so I spoiled your college degree—
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: You didn't spoil anything. I only said
dialog: that if I hadn't had you I woulda--
text: Suddenly Vince stands. Throws his napkin down.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Where you goin'?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Poker game.
text: He slams the door. Silence at the table.
scene_heading: 24. .INT. MALAKOV ACTING STUDIO
text: Twenty or so people--mostly under thirty. MICHAEL MALAKOV, a
text: bushy black-haired clad-in-black acting teacher, is watching
text: an emotional scene being performed by two young actors, a
text: MALE and FEMALE.
speaker_heading: MALE ACTOR
dialog: wtake it all, I don’t want it with
dialog: conditions! Take the house—
speaker_heading: FEMALE
dialog: Grandad’s house! I WANT IT TO BURN.
text: Sitting in the back, off to himself, is Vince. He is as
text: out of place as he feels. He clutches a copy of “An Actor
text: Prepares” as if holding onto a security blanket.
text: Calmly Michael Malakov interrupts.
speaker_heading: MALAKOV
dialog: Let me stop you right there.
text: The actors freeze. This is not good.
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: MALAKOV
dialog: Indication is no substitution for
dialog: articulation. I’m feeling a lot of different
dialog: emotions, but not one specific choice. And
text: too much food on the table leaves the hungry
text: man starving with indecision. It also creates
text: a dramatic vacuum which, once entered, is
dialog: very hard to disengage from. Our favorite
dialog: number? One. One premise, one emotion, one
text: action, one result, one step at a time.
text: Pause. The two actors nod.
speaker_heading: FEMALE ACTOR
dialog: Thank you.
text: Pause. The students applaud. When they're done—
speaker_heading: MALAKOV
dialog: Everybody stand...stretch..thank Mr.
dialog: Strasberg...
speaker_heading: THE CLASS
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Strasberg.
speaker_heading: MALAKOV
dialog: And before you go, here is your assignment.
dialog: Stand in a row on stage. Quick, hurry!
text: The students jump on to the stage and form a row.
speaker_heading: MALAKOV
text: Now twist into a semi-circle...
dialog: Keep going until you are each face to face
dialog: with another of your species...and meet
dialog: the person who stands across from you.
text: People smile, shake hands. Vince is standing across from
text: a wondrously alluring woman named MOLLY CHARLESWORTH. She
text: speaks with exaggerated formality.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Molly Charlesworth. A pleasure.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Yeah. Vince Rizzo.
text: She smiles at him. He looks away, uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: MALAKOV
dialog: Your assignment for next week is: share
dialog: the worst secret of your life with each
dialog: other. The most personal secret. The secret
text: Class is over.
dialog: eyed.
dialog: 19
dialog: of all your secrets. You can do so without
dialog: fear of intimacy issues or any of that
dialog: bullshit because you are, in fact, protected
dialog: by the Statute of Actors Limitations to wit:
dialog: actors can keep secrets like nobody else
dialog: because only they have secrets that are even
dialog: more damaging.
dialog: (laughter from the class)
dialog: What will you do with your new friend's
dialog: secret? You will use it to find the courage
dialog: to dramatize the telling of your own worst
dialog: secret. The very thing that you right now
dialog: are hiding and protecting with your very
dialog: life will soon become a monologue for all
dialog: of us to hear. I look forward to a litany of
dialog: devastation next Friday, after which we'll
text: all drink too much and applaud ourselves at
dialog: the West Bank.
text: Vince and Molly look at each other, wide-
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I'd love to be drunk before we do this, but
dialog: the chance of a blackout and the
text: resulting loss of memory precludes that.
dialog: Don’t you think?
text: Vince nods, frozen, at the strange, attractive young woman.
scene_heading: 25. j$INT. EMPIRE DINER
text: They each munch way-too-big burgers. Vince’s copy of
text: “An Actor Prepares” sits on the table between them.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Then the day-maid came into my room and
dialog: said "Your father didn't kill himself.
dialog: He tried to kill your mother." Only my
dialog: mother was away—and my father was so drunk
dialog: he thought their wedding portrait had come
dialog: to life. So the cops took him in, my bro-
dialog: ther and I were sent to live with my Aunt
dialog: on her plantation in Hawaii where my bro-
dialog: ther turned to opium by-products, I was
text: shuttled to a series of dusty and best
dialog: *forgotten Swiss boarding schools and my
dialog: mother went into re-hab at Silver Hill where
dialog: she met a patient who was a bricklayer and
dialog: fell in love with him and married him twice.
dialog: (pause, then)
dialog: This was pre-Liz Taylor and Larry Fortensky.
dialog: 20
text: Pause. She eats a pickle.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Jesus.
dialog: (and then)
dialog: So what happened to your brother?
text: MOLLY (shakes her head)
dialog: No, enough of that. I don’t like it for
dialog: this purpose. You see, the problem is
dialog: I've told that secret a million
dialog: times--I audition with it, in fact.
dialog: (and then)
dialog: All right, Vincent, your turn. I’m stuck.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Huh.
dialog: (pause, thinks)
dialog: Is it possible that I don’t have one?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: No. That would make you too healthy to want
dialog: to be an actor. Come on now, think.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Well. Okay.
dialog: (pause, then)
dialog: Well, one thing. Right here. My wife thinks
dialog: I gotta poker game tonight. She don’t know
dialog: where I am.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You mean, instead of telling her you're
dialog: enrolled in a night class you tell her
dialog: you're out gambling? Is that better?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Well, it’s hard to explain but..yeah. She
dialog: wouldn’t go for me wanting to be an actor.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (still puzzled)
dialog: How terribly refreshing. I mean, to have a
dialog: celebrity manqué in the family and to not
dialog: encourage your own reality show. Shunning
dialog: celebrity. How un-now.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Yeah, I guess so.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: So tell it to me. Like you were confessing
dialog: it.
dialog: 21
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (gamely)
dialog: I’m Vince Rizzo and..I want to tell you
dialog: my worst secret. My most personal secret.
dialog: See: my wife..she thinks I got a poker game.
dialog: When, in fact...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: When, in fact...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: «you know what? This is bullshit.
text: Molly looks happily taken aback.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You mean, you could do worse?
speaker_heading: VINCE (nods)
dialog: Yeah. Guess so.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Try me.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Really? I mean..we don’t hardly know each
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I know. Isn't it lovely?
dialog: Vince's face: yes, this is the right way to look at it. So:
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I just met my son.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: In uh..the facility where I work.
dialog: (and then)
dialog: I’m a corrections officer.
scene_heading: MOLLY (pause--then)
dialog: You're a prison guard?
speaker_heading: VINCE (hates this term)
dialog: Yeah, sorta.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: And how old is your son?
dialog: 22
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Guess he’d be..twenty-somethin’ by now.
dialog: (and then)
dialog: Tony. His name’s Tony.
text: Vince reaches into his pocket and pulls out
scene_heading: TONY’S MUGSHOT
text: He hands it to Molly, who stares at it. A long stare. Then--
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: This is brilliant. How old were you when--
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Early twenties. Just a kid myself really.
dialog: (pause, then uncomfortably)
dialog: His mom was older.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: And how did you recognize him?
speaker_heading: VINCE
text: His name popped out on his rap sheet.
dialog: Nardella. Which was Nan--his mom’s--name.
dialog: Born in Camden—that’s where she lived. Not
dialog: that I was there at the time.
dialog: (starkly)
dialog: I took off.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: A child, conceived in love, but...
dialog: «destined to a life of crime.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: He stole a car. I mean..doesn’t exactly
dialog: make him a criminal, right?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: What kind of car?
speaker_heading: VINCE (thinks)
text: Chevy Impala.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: No. Anyway, what else?
dialog: (long pause, then excitedly)
dialog: You've never told your current wife about
dialog: him. Or about his mother! Or about any of it!
dialog: VINCE (long pause, then)
dialog: I meant to. It was just..never the
dialog: right time.
dialog: 23
text: He stares off, unable to comprehend what’s happened to him
text: in the past day. Molly stares at him, fascinated.
scene_heading: 26. %$INT. RIZZO HOUSE
text: Joyce and Vivian watch “American Idol", glassy eyed
text: and bored. Vivian’s cell phone rings. She answers.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Hi. No. Can’t talk now. Maybe
dialog: Monday. Give my shift to Autumn. Bye.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Who was it?
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Work.
text: Joyce accepts this, trusting and disinterested.
scene_heading: 27. |.IINT. VINCE JR.s ROOM
text: Vince Jr. is on the internet, glassy-eyed. All kinds of
text: sex sights are searched like: HOT HORNY BABES! BLONDE
text: BITCHES! HOTTEST YOUNG MODELS! He stares numbly at the
text: multiplying images of tiny-wasted, skinny young babes.
text: No interest in his eyes at all. He types in: FAT CHICKS,
text: BRONX NEW YORK. Pause. Hundreds—no, thousands—of hits.
text: He starts scrolling madly through the images. Pauses as he
text: sees something strange. Clicks.
text: A moment later: an image appears of a woman. He stares at
text: it. At first scared and then amazed as he sees that—
text: IT’S THE OBESE WOMAN FROM NEXT DOOR
text: Vince Jr. double-clicks and the woman’s website opens up.
text: It’s an elaborate site. The woman’s name is DENISE.
speaker_heading: DENISE (on internet)
dialog: Hi! I’m Denise and I’m a proud BBW. That’s
dialog: “big beautiful woman” for those of you
dialog: new to this. I’m Five-eight, three-hundred
dialog: and fifty pounds and I think eating and being
text: a big beautiful woman is the sexiest thing in
dialog: the world!
text: Vince Jr. is both amazed and appalled by what he’s seeing
text: and hearing. After a moment, he exits the sight. Stands
text: up fast—like he’s afraid of being caught!
text: He walks to the window and looks out at—
dialog: 24
scene_heading: 28. DENISE’S HOUSE
text: across the way. A light is on in the kitchen. He sees
text: her large silhouette moving about the room. In his eyes:
text: shame and fascination.
scene_heading: 29. EXT. 42°4 STREET NIGHT
text: Vince and Molly, walking west. She’s enjoying his secret.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: And there stand you, ready to save—
dialog: what’s his name?
speaker_heading: VINCE (little smile)
dialog: Tony. Tony Nardella.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Ready to save Tony Nardella from the
dialog: misery of the last mile and take him
dialog: into the bosom of your warm-hearted family!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Unh-uh, no way. Don’t think so.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: My wife for one thing. She’d flip.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: She thinks you were a virgin when
dialog: you met?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Not exactly. But she don’t think I was
dialog: a father either. Joyce’s got pretty
dialog: firm opinions on things. It’s sorta her
dialog: best quality and her worst—you know--all
dialog: in one. She’s one tough woman and she’1l
dialog: fight like a pitbull for you if she’s
dialog: on your side.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: She sounds like..a real dame.
speaker_heading: VINCE (nods)
dialog: Yeah. A real dame. Looks great too.
dialog: (pause, then)
dialog: I don’t know..we ain’t exactly friends
dialog: anymore. I don’t know when it happened.
dialog: 25
scene_heading: MOLLY (pause, then)
dialog: The re-appearance of your secret love child
dialog: might well provide the solution.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: How?
text: They stop walking. Molly examines Vince. Can’t resist
text: touching his shoulders a little as she talks...
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: He'll provide a dangerous symbol of
dialog: your own virility. She’ll be reminded
dialog: of the very things that attracted her to
dialog: you to begin with. You see, the Vincent she
dialog: didn’t really know is the Vincent that she
text: secretly wants back.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Does that make sense?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: No. But women are emotionally incoherent.
dialog: It’s one of our defining characteristics.
text: Molly watching Vince’s face: she can see he’s considering
text: it. She pulls out a pen, jots her phone number on the back
dialog: of a card.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (cont.)
dialog: I do some of my best work via cellular.
dialog: Call me, Vincent. But only on a whim.
text: And she hands her number to him and disappears into the
text: starry night. Alone, Vince smiles at her as she leaves.
scene_heading: 30. EXT. CITY ISLAND MORNING
text: The boats in the harbor. Pan across to the Rizzo house.
text: A plume of cigarette smoke comes out of the upstairs
text: bathroom window. We hear Vince coughing.
text: Downstairs on the front porch lies Vince Jr., sleeping.
text: One eye opens as—
text: DENISE EXITS HER HOUSE
text: She sees Vince Jr., smiles and waves.
text: Vince Jr. quickly shuts his eye, pretending not to have
text: seen. But once she walks away, he opens his eyes again and
text: stares after her.
dialog: 26
scene_heading: 31. INT. BATHROOM
text: Vince smokes, blows it out the window. He reads a book: “An
dialog: Actor Prepares.”
text: But his eyes wander.
scene_heading: 32. j.§INT. RIZZO HOUSE
text: Joyce and Vivian reading the New York Post. Joyce is
text: clipping coupons. Vince comes down the stairs. Pauses
text: and looks at his wife and daughter.
speaker_heading: JOYCE (to Vivian)
dialog: C'mon, let’s get movin’ before
text: the crowd shows up.
text: Vince and Joyce look at each other.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I was thinking—bein’ Friday night and
dialog: Vivian's here, why don’t we have a nice
dialog: big home-cooked meal tonight?
speaker_heading: JOYCE (shrugs)
dialog: Yeah, sure, you mean like we do every
dialog: Friday night?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Yeah but I mean..somethin’ special. Like
dialog: it was for a real special occasion.
text: Joyce and Vivian stare at him, puzzled.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: You want balloons or somethin’?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I’m just saying, something nice!
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Since when don’t I make somethin’ nice?!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Make somethin’ nicer!
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Make it yourself!
text: Vince and Joyce stare at each other, filled with
text: frustration. Vince turns and storms out.
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: The great communicator. Forget it.
scene_heading: 33. EXT. RIZZO HOUSE
text: Vince steps over Vince Jr. who is still lying on the
text: porch. As he gets into the Dodge Rambler—
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: You sleep outside last night?
speaker_heading: VINCE JR.
dialog: Actually I stayed at the Plaza Hotel
dialog: and did heroin with a bunch of prostitutes.
dialog: I’m thinking of becoming a pimp.
text: Vince nods. Starts up the car. Hasn’t heard him.
speaker_heading: VINCE (driving off)
dialog: Good. See you later.
scene_heading: 34. INT. JERSEY CORRECTIONAL
text: Panning the faces of the prisoners as they grunt after
dialog: their names are called.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Nadler! Nakovny! Nardella!
text: After this last grunt, a slight pause. Vince looks at Tony
dialog: Nardella.
text: Tony Nardella looks back. A beat. Vince moves on. Tony’s
text: eyes: Why does the prison guard keep staring at him?
scene_heading: 35. INT. VISITORS STATION
text: Tony Nardella stands there, puzzled. Vince approaches
text: the glass wall that separates them. Into the microphone--
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Hi, I’m Vince Rizzo. Correctional
dialog: Officer 426. I see where you made provisional
dialog: parole but didn’t have no family to be
dialog: released to.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah. That’s life.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Yeah. Your mother named Nan?
dialog: 28
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Bout five foot two, redhead?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: VINCE (pause, then)
dialog: How’s she doin’?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Not so good. Dead.
dialog: (and then)
dialog: Four years ago.
text: Beat. Vince’s face: a flicker of emotion at the news.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Sorry to hear that.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You knew her?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Uh, yeah. Yeah, I knew her.
text: Pause. Tony Nardella is not given to verbosity.
dialog: Beat. Vince
dialog: Tony’s face:
dialog: Music takes
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: So. Anything else?
dialog: isn’t how to deliver this. Finally—
dialog: VINCE (looking away)
dialog: I spoke to Warden Amboy. And uh...
dialog: (pause, then)
dialog: You're bein’ released to me. You’1l
dialog: be under my personal care for the next
dialog: thirty days. I live in the Bronx.
dialog: this sounds fishy, to say the least.
dialog: us through—
scene_heading: 36. EXT. PRISON PARKING LOT
text: Vince escorts Tony, still wearing handcuffs but now in his
text: street clothes—jeans, boots, leather jacket. In his eyes:
text: a look of suspicion.
dialog: 29
scene_heading: 37. INT. DODGE RAMBLER
text: Vince driving. Tony staring ahead, frozen in fear. We
text: see that his handcuffs are still on and chained to
text: the door of the car.
text: Tony stares straight ahead, miserable and afraid.
scene_heading: 38. EXT. CITY ISLAND AVENUE
text: The Dodge Rambler drives down the main drag and turns onto
dialog: the Rizzo’s block.
scene_heading: 39. INT. DODGE RAMBLER
text: As Vince drives down his block—
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: We got this little house in the back.
dialog: Really a boatshed. You can stay there.
dialog: (musing)
dialog: In fact, I’m thinking we can do a
dialog: little deal with each other—you know,
dialog: I do you a favor, you do me a favor.
dialog: Tony’s eyes: not good!
scene_heading: 40. EXT. RIZZO HOUSE
text: Vince Jr. smokes a cigarette. Sees the Rambler. Stubs
text: it out and runs into the house—
scene_heading: 41. BATHROOM
text: Up the stairs and into the bathroom where he speed-brushes
text: his teeth. He reaches inside a closet for a towel.
text: Vince's acting book falls from its hiding place. Vince
text: Jr. stares at it. Opens it and sees the mugshot of Tony.
text: Vince Jr. looks puzzled.
scene_heading: 42. INT. RAMBLER
text: Vince pulls up to his house and parks. Stops and looks
text: at his son.
speaker_heading: TONY (uncomfortably)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: VINCE (pause, then)
dialog: Nothin’.
text: Vince smiles goofily. He’s with his long lost son!
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Can I ask you..like..why I’m chained
dialog: to a Dodge?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I’1l unchain you in minute. Soon as
dialog: you calm down. First I wanna tell you
dialog: something.
dialog: (breathes, then)
dialog: See Tony, this is my home. My home which
dialog: my grandparents built and which I share
dialog: with my family.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You got them chained up in the house
dialog: too?
speaker_heading: VINCE (ignores this)
dialog: You're gonna get real food and a nice
dialog: place to live for the first time in
dialog: three years.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: And all of this is because you knew
dialog: my bitch mother?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Well Nan was difficult, but she was
dialog: also-
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: A drunk and a whore?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: No! Why would you say that?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: She used to punish me for not boosting
text: cases of Vodka from the liquor store
dialog: where I worked by screwing my friends.
dialog: Which base does “drunk and whore” not
dialog: cover?
speaker_heading: VINCE (gingerly)
dialog: Don’t you have any nice memories of her?
speaker_heading: TONY (sullenly)
dialog: At least she was around. My father
dialog: left before I was born.
dialog: 3
dialog: Pause. Then--
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: That all you know about him?
speaker_heading: TONY
text: He’s dead.
text: Vince's eyes say: so that’s what she told him.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: That’s too bad.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Only thing that’s too bad is I didn’t
dialog: get to visit his deathbed and dance
dialog: on his ugly face for leaving me with
dialog: that bitch.
text: Vince’s face: taking in their father/son vibe.
scene_heading: 43. EXT. RIZZO HOUSE
text: Vince gets out. Unchains Tony but then rechains him to his
dialog: own wrist.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Do I ever get uncuffed?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: In a minute. I don’t want you running
dialog: away or anything before you see what a
dialog: nice set-up I’m offerin’ you.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Run away. Gee. Why would I do that?
text: They walk, chain in chain, down the side of the house...
speaker_heading: VINCE JR.
text: Watches from an upstairs window. What he sees is: his father
text: chained to a young, tough-looking guy walking him to the
text: back of their house.
text: He stares at the two of the them.
scene_heading: 44. EXT. GARAGE
text: A little one-car shed in the back of the house. Vince hauls
text: the door open.
scene_heading: 45. INT. GARAGE
dialog: 32
text: A concrete floor, a cot and exposed plumbing.
text: Tony takes this in.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I started building it a couple of
dialog: summers ago but got busy with other
dialog: things. So this is where our little deal
text: comes in.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You're gonna help me build a bathroom.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Scuse me?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: My wife’s been wanting me to add a
dialog: bathroom and I saw on your sheet that
dialog: your last job was as a handyman. So
dialog: that’s the deal. Thirty days back here,
dialog: build me a bathroom, I'll pay you a fair
dialog: wage and then you get to go wherever the
dialog: hell you want with a few bucks in your
dialog: pocket.
dialog: Sees that Vince is for real.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: How’m I supposed to build a bathroom
dialog: with handcuffs on me?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Sorry.
dialog: (as he unlocks them)
dialog: Just don’t go running away. If you do
dialog: I‘1l find you and personally toss your
dialog: ass back in the cage. And they won’t be
dialog: kiddin’—you’1ll be back in for a long
dialog: stretch. Okay, Tony?
speaker_heading: TONY (pause, then)
dialog: Whatever.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Say ‘Okay, Vince, I promise you that.’
speaker_heading: TONY (by rote)
dialog: ‘Okay, Vince, I promise you that.’
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: ‘And thank you for getting my ass outta
dialog: the cage.’ Come on.
text: Vince smiles. This
text: handcuffs. Then he
dialog: lights one.
text: The sound of A CAR
dialog: Vince tokes, stubs
text: smoke away.
dialog: 33
speaker_heading: TONY (reluctantly)
dialog: Thanks for getting my ass outta the
dialog: cage.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: And no more talkin’ shit about your
dialog: mother. Maybe she wasn’t perfect but
dialog: she was..she was...
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: A good lay?
text: makes Tony smile too. Vince unlocks the
text: pulls out a pack of cigarettes and
text: APPROACHING. Panic in Vince’s eyes.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Shit. My wife.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Is that what you call her? ‘Shit, my
dialog: wife?’
text: the butt out on the floor and waves the
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I don’t smoke.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I can tell.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: And don’t tell her where we met.
dialog: Just say we’re old friends.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: We on a bowling team together?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: And my daughter’s home from college
dialog: so..you know..take it easy.
dialog: TONY (honestly puzzled)
dialog: Take it easy?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: And don't mention that I knew your
dialog: mom.
dialog: Tony eyes: what a piece of work.
dialog: 34
scene_heading: 46. INT. RIZZO HOUSE
text: Joyce and Vivian enter, arms full of “Bloomie’s” packages.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Anybody home?
text: Vince Jr. appears at the top of the stairs.
speaker_heading: VINCE JR.
dialog: I’m here. So’s dad. He’s in the
dialog: garage with some dude. They’re
text: handcuffed to each other and have been
dialog: back there for quite some time.
text: Joyce’s face: turning colors.
scene_heading: 47. EXT. BACK OF RIZZO HOUSE
text: Tony sits in the garage, the door open. He’s listening to a
text: MAJOR ARGUMENT being played out a few feet away. None of it
dialog: is going as planned.
text: VINCE AND JOYCE are in the kitchen but the backdoor is open.
text: We see them coming and going as the raging argument
dialog: continues.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: You bring some filthy biker
dialog: into my home without even so
dialog: much as asking me—
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: He happens to be a nice young
text: man and he’s working for his board.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Where'd you meet this guy anyway?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: He was getting’ outta jail in a month,
dialog: so I told them I’d take responsibility!
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: He’s a criminal? What, Vince, you just
dialog: picked a con at random to bring into
dialog: my house?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I knew his mother! And since when is it
dialog: your house? My grandparents built this
dialog: house!
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: What do you mean you knew his mother?
dialog: When? Who was she?
scene_heading: 48. INT. GARAGE
text: Tony sits, listening glumly. The matches hit the floor.
text: He stares at them. On the cover: HELL’S HALF ACRE. A
text: caricature of a curvaceous woman in red. He stares at
dialog: it curiously.
speaker_heading: VINCE (0.s.)
dialog: Jesus, you think I never met another
dialog: woman on the face the earth aside
dialog: a you? She was just a.. an old friend!
text: As the argument goes on, Tony looks up and sees Vince
text: Jr. in the window.
speaker_heading: JOYCE (o.s.)
dialog: The answer is no, Vince! NO, NO, NO.
dialog: I’m not cooking for an extra person.
dialog: He can’t stay here. And if you don’t
dialog: like it-
text: Vince Jr. stares gravely at Tony. Then he gives him a thumbs
text: up. Smiles at him. Tony gives him a thumbs up and smiles
dialog: back.
scene_heading: 49. INT. RIZZO DINING ROOM TABLE DAYLIGHT (6PM)
text: They eat in uncomfortable silence. Tony gobbles up
text: the home-cooked food.
speaker_heading: VINCE JR.
dialog: Guess this is better than the crap
dialog: they serve you in jail, huh?
text: Vince hits Vince Jr. on the arm.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Hey!
text: VINCE JR. (recoils in fake pain)
dialog: Ow, my peptic ulcer!
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Shut-up Vin.
dialog: VINCE JR. (mimics her)
dialog: “Shut up Vin”. “You shut up
dialog: Vivian”. “No way!" “Way!”
dialog: 36
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Shhhh!
dialog: (pause, then)
dialog: Vince says he was friends with your mom.
speaker_heading: TONY (mouth full)
dialog: Oh yeah. Long time ago, I guess.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I guess so. I never heard about it.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: It was before we met, sweetie.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Vince says she’s a nice woman.
dialog: (and then, pointedly)
dialog: Good looking I bet.
text: Tony shrugs. Nervous eye contact between Joyce, Vivian,
dialog: Vince and Vince Jr.
text: Vivian whacks Vince
text: Tony’s eyes go wide.
speaker_heading: VINCE (a statement)
dialog: What.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: What what?
speaker_heading: VINCE JR.
dialog: Mom, dad's right. Why don’t you just
dialog: come right out and ask him if he
dialog: had sex with her?
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Jesus!
text: Jr. in the head.
text: VINCE JR. (recoils in fake pain)
dialog: Aggh-my brain tumor!
dialog: What the hell kind of family is this?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Vinnie, you apologize to me!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Actually, sweetie, he has a point. I
dialog: mean, that’s what you were getting
dialog: at, right? You were circling the airport
dialog: a little but—
dialog: 37
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I don’t care if you had sex with her or
dialog: not. Why’re you two ganging up on me?
text: Vince Jr., pleased with himself for having jumpstarted
text: the argument, watches it like a Tennis match.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Honey, please, after twenty years
dialog: I know where you’re headed before
dialog: even you do.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Well that must be real boring for
dialog: you, Vince. Really. Who knew I
dialog: was failing to keep you entertained
dialog: all these years?
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Oh Mom, he didn’t mean it like—
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Now you're on his side too, huh?
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Why does it have to be about “sides”?
dialog: I’m just saying that dad says things
dialog: in a stupid way and--
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I’m stupid, huh? Listen, maybe you talk
dialog: to your college friends like that--
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Good, Vince, blame her for getting
dialog: a real education—
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Stop!!!
text: Everyone looks at their plates, privately wounded.
speaker_heading: TONY
text: watches the family as they recede into their own thoughts.
text: He continues shoveling food down. Long pause. Then—
speaker_heading: VINCE JR.
dialog: I’m sorry, Vivian.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: 38
speaker_heading: VINCE JR.
dialog: Can I ask you a question?
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: What?
dialog: VINCE JR. (pause, then)
dialog: Are your breasts continuing to grow?
dialog: Because, to my eye, they’re much larger
dialog: now than they used to be.
text: CHAOS. Everyone screaming at once. Tony can’t believe what
text: he’s seeing.
speaker_heading: VINCE (boiling over)
dialog: How dare you speak to her like that!
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Upstairs! Go to your room!
speaker_heading: VINCE JR.
dialog: “Go to your room?” Pretty lame, mom!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Don’t you sass your mother! Go to your
dialog: room right now!
text: Vince Jr. looks thrilled. He bolts up the stairs singing—
speaker_heading: VINCE JR.
dialog: Internet-ay! Libertay, egalitay,
dialog: internet-ay!
text: Pause. Temporary calm. Tony continues to eat, not making
text: eye contact but CHECKING OUT EVERYONE SURREPTITIOUSLY. His
text: eyes travel to Vivian’s chest. Then to Vince.
text: Vince is also looking at his daughter’s chest.
text: Now Joyce sees it. Tony and Joyce both stare at Vince
text: staring at Vivian’s chest. Finally Vivian sees what’s
text: going on.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Vince!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Well, he has a point. You seem a
dialog: little larger in that area than--
speaker_heading: VIVIAN (mortified)
dialog: Jesus, dad!
dialog: 39
text: Vivian gets up, grabs her bag and marches out of the house.
text: The door slams.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Hey! Where you goin’?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Goddamit, Vince! That girl spends
dialog: eighteen hours a day her head in the
dialog: books and she finally gets a little time
dialog: off to spend with her family and you
dialog: gotta screw it up?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I didn’t do nothing!
text: (gets up, throws napkin down)
dialog: Oh, the hell with it. Hell with
dialog: everyone!
text: Vince storms upstairs. Now it’s just Tony and Joyce. She
text: looks away, trying to keep herself from emotionally
text: exploding. A beat.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Uh..dinner was great.
text: Joyce nods, looks away. She’s crying.
scene_heading: 50. INT. DODGE RAMBLER DRIVING DAYLIGHT
text: Vince cruising the Cross-Bronx Expressway. He dials his
dialog: cell.
scene_heading: 51. *INT. WEST BANK CAFE MANHATTAN SAME
text: Molly Charlesworth is in serious dish mode. She’s with a
text: handsome man, drinking Manhattans.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Then my brother had an affair with
dialog: my stepfather who met my mother
dialog: in re-hab—-this was pre-Liz & Fortensky
dialog: and I was sent away to boarding school
dialog: in Switzerland and—
dialog: (her cell rings-she answers)
dialog: Hello?
dialog: (pause, she smiles)
dialog: Well hello Vincent.
scene_heading: 52. INT. DODGE RAMBLER
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I’m callin’ you on a whim. I was
dialog: thinking maybe we could work on
dialog: our secrets thing. You know?
dialog: Tell you the truth...
dialog: (pause, then)
dialog: I’m a little stuck. With what to
dialog: do with my son and everything...
scene_heading: 53. INT. WEST BANK CAFE
speaker_heading: MOLLY (into phone)
dialog: My brother? Overdosed on heroin in
text: the mens room of the diner on forty-
dialog: second and tenth? Hold his hand and tell
dialog: him I’m on my way! I’1l be there
dialog: in ten minutes, Vincent!
dialog: (to her date)
dialog: I’m sorry, you understand, we’ll
dialog: re-sked when I’m avail.
text: And she's off, leaving a bewildered date in her wake.
scene_heading: 54. INT. DODGE RAMBLER DRIVING
speaker_heading: VINCE (confused)
dialog: Scuse me?
text: But the phone is dead. Vince’s face: a slow smile as
text: he realizes that she just dumped a guy to meet him.
scene_heading: 55. INT. HELLS HALF ACRE DAYLIGHT
text: The strip-club where Vivian works. She storms in, pulling
text: hair out of its bun. BRUNO the bartender smiles at her.
text: The place is packed with a drunken, boorish Saturday
dialog: night crowd.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
dialog: Spring break over?
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Do me a favor? Ask Autumn if she wants
dialog: to go home early tonight and aplit her
dialog: shift with me.
speaker_heading: BRUNO
text: Highly unlikely. Asian invasion is out
dialog: in force.
text: He nods with his head. Vivian looks. A table of a dozen
text: Asian businessmen are tipping Autumn with hundred dollar
text: bills. She’s lapdancing three, simultaneously.
dialog: 41
speaker_heading: VIVIAN (bitterly)
dialog: Shit! I coulda cleaned up this weekend.
text: He pours her a drink. She lights a cigarette and does the
text: drink in one big gulp.
scene_heading: 56. EXT. RIZZO HOUSE BACKYARD STILL DAYLIGHT
text: Joyce exits from the kitchen and sits on a lounge chair.
text: She has a pack of cigarettes and a glass of wine in her
text: hand. She sits and looks up as she sees—
text: TONY is sitting across the yard in the fold out chair. He
text: sees her. Nods a greeting.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
text: Nods back. Lights a cigarette.
speaker_heading: JOYCE (across yard)
dialog: My husband thinks I quit.
text: Tony’s face: a private smile at his realization that Vince
text: and Joyce are equally guilty.
dialog: TONY (yells across yard)
dialog: One good thing about the joint—they
dialog: don’t let you smoke anymore. I quit.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Bein’ in prison and not bein’ able to
dialog: smoke? That must be like..bein’ in jail.
text: An odd pause as Tony considers this.
scene_heading: 57. INT. VINCE JR.’s ROOM
text: Vince Jr. is on-line. The site is: REAL CENTERFOLDS! Lots
text: of pictures of blonde, bronzed, California models. His eyes:
text: not interested. And worried too. Then—
text: Vince Jr. types in “DENISEBBW.COM” and waits. A moment
text: later, there’s the fat neighbor! He stares, both fascinated
dialog: and ashamed.
speaker_heading: DENISE (on internet)
dialog: Hi! I’m Denise and I’m a proud BBW.
dialog: That's “big beautiful woman” for those
dialog: of you new to this. I’m Five-eight,
dialog: three-hundred and fifty pounds and I
dialog: think eating and being a big beautiful
dialog: woman is the sexiest thing in the world!
dialog: If you join my club, you'll get twenty-
dialog: 42
dialog: four hour access to a live image of my
dialog: kitchen, where I spend most of my time
dialog: when I’m not working.
text: As she continues, Vince Jr. grabs a credit card belonging to
text: VINCENT RIZZO that he keeps displayed quite openly on his
text: desk and enters the numbers. Hits JOIN NOW.
text: He waits. Energized! Digging it!
scene_heading: 58. INT. DINER WEST 42"? Street. NIGHT
text: Vince and Molly, drinking coffee, eating French fries.
text: A copy of BACKSTAGE is on the table.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: He’s a good guy, you can tell. Must
dialog: have had a hell of a time with Nan.
dialog: Wasn't like I was any help.
dialog: (pause, then)
dialog: Only thing is he still don’t know..who I
dialog: am.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You must tell him, Vincent. Think
dialog: of the drama of the moment. On the
dialog: other hand, think of the drama of
dialog: not telling him. Wait! Don’t think
dialog: of anything, for Godssake!
text: (she closes her eyes—and then)
dialog: No. You must tell him. The longer
dialog: he doesn’t know your true identity,
dialog: the greater the sense of betrayal.
dialog: He’s been betrayed enough.
dialog: VINCE (guiltily)
dialog: All started with me walkin’ out on him.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: No, don’t succumb to self-flagellation.
dialog: I mean I understand it—it’s wonderfully
dialog: Catholic, but you’re beyond it. You've
dialog: opened up your home to a convicted
dialog: felon. You’ve even shown him great trust
dialog: by leaving him alone with your family.
speaker_heading: VINCE (dawning)
dialog: Jesus.
dialog: 43
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Because he’s your blood and if you can’t
dialog: trust your blood, what the hell can you
dialog: trust? Now you must take the final step
text: and reveal his birthright to him.
text: She inhales, satisfied that the decision is correct. Smiles
text: at Vince. A beat. He smiles back at her. One of those shared
dialog: smiles that could go just about anywhere.
text: Vince lowers his eyes first. They fall on her copy of
text: ‘BACKSTAGE’, sitting on the table between them.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Ugh. It’s an addiction. “Backstage”--
dialog: the Wall Street Journal for struggling
dialog: actors. You peruse it for news on
dialog: open calls for parts you won’t get
dialog: in projects that are never made.
dialog: For instance:
text: (as she opens it and reads)
dialog: Open call: Male, age 30-50, working-
dialog: class type, no agency rep. required.
text: Monday, 9 am, Canal Street Armory.
dialog: (pause, thoughtfully)
dialog: Hm. That one might be good for you.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: What happens—how’s it work?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You've never auditioned?
dialog: Oh Vincent, it’s dreadful. You go
text: and wait in a room crowded with
text: people who look vaguely familiar. They
dialog: march you in. They stare at you. They
dialog: hate you. You sing and dance and
dialog: show off all of the talent that
dialog: once thrilled your mother and
dialog: father. They make faces. Sometimes
text: they ask a question—very rarely.
dialog: You're dismissed. You leave feeling
dialog: like a failure.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Sounds...scary.
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Having said that..you really should
dialog: go on this one. It sounds perfect
dialog: for you.
text: She tears out the ad. Gives it to Vince who reads it.
text: Intrigued.
scene_heading: 59. EXT. RIZZO PORCH NIGHT
text: Tony and Joyce drinking wine, staring at the water and the
text: view of the city.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: You must think we’re a bunch of—
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: No, no, not at all.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I mean, we don’t always act like a bunch
dialog: of-—
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: No, forget it I..I understand.
text: Long pause. Then, with radical simplicity—
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Families are tough.
text: Joyce looks at Tony. Appreciates his calm stoicism.
scene_heading: 60. INT. VINCE JR.’S ROOM
text: Vince Jr. is staring at the site. A spinning umbrella.
dialog: Then he hears--
speaker_heading: DENISE (on internet)
dialog: Welcome, my new fat-friendly fan!
text: Vince Jr. looks at his computer, excited.
speaker_heading: DENISE (on internet)
dialog: You're now an official member of
dialog: my club. If you see me at a BBW
dialog: function in the New York area where
dialog: I live, you can tell me you're a
dialog: special member by saying our secret
text: word: BOTERO.
dialog: VINCE JR. (to himself)
dialog: Botero.
text: A moment later, an image of a kitchen appears.
dialog: 45
scene_heading: LIVE KITCHEN IMAGE
text: Denise moves around the kitchen, juggling baking pans,
dialog: cookie sheets etc.
text: Vince Jr. gets up. Backs away from the computer, keeping
text: his eyes on the screen, as if it might vanish. He leaves
dialog: the room—
scene_heading: 61. INT. RIZZO LIVING ROOM
text: --and descends the stairs. Looks. Nobody around. He leaves.
scene_heading: 62. EXT. RIZZO HOUSE NIGHT
text: Vince Jr. exits, hops off the porch and approaches Denise's
dialog: house.
text: The windows are set rather high up. Vince Jr. gets on
text: a concrete block and peers into—
text: A KITCHEN WINDOW
text: There she is, just like on the computer, juggling baking
text: pans, cookie sheets. Vince Jr. stares in fascination.
scene_heading: 63. ExT. 59° STREET TRAMWAY NIGHT
dialog: The Tram that takes you, high above Manhattan, across
text: to Roosevelt Island. As the tram rises into the air..
dialog: «we see that it is indeed a starry, starry night.
scene_heading: 64. INT. ROOSEVELT ISLAND TRAM NIGHT
text: Molly and Vince are the only two on the tram. Vince
text: looks out, a little mystified at where he is and
text: how he got here. As she stares out at the stars—
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: The answers are all there. Don’t worry,
dialog: Vincent. For some reason, you’re very
dialog: close to God right now. I don’t know
dialog: why..but you can feel it in the stars.
dialog: (dawning)
dialog: Of course! Mercury’s in retrograde.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Mercury's a what?
dialog: 46
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: Mercury—the wing-footed messenger.
dialog: Represents communication and the process
dialog: of life. Retrograde: traveling
dialog: backwards. It happens three or four
dialog: times a year—
dialog: and since all backward movement symbol-
dialog: izes a return to source, our atten-
text: tions turn towards unfinished business.
dialog: It can be a fine time for completing
dialog: things. Re-connecting. Settling
dialog: accounts. (and then)
text: Letting the stars do their plentiful
dialog: work.
text: Vince looking at her. Something about her way...
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Is it kinda strange that what you
dialog: say makes sense to me?
text: MOLLY (shakes head no—then)
dialog: Yes. But everything’s strange, Vincent.
dialog: When you think of it, acting is one
dialog: of the strangest things a person could
dialog: choose to do with themselves. Pretending
dialog: to be another person—who was dreamed
dialog: up by a third party! It’s like agreeing
text: to be a marionette.
text: Vince turns this around in his mind.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Why you an actress then?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Oh really. What else could I do?
dialog: What other profession would accommodate
dialog: my behavioral problems?
speaker_heading: VINCE (smiles)
dialog: Yeah. Sort of like getting paid for
dialog: being a screw-up.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Perfect.
text: They both look off at the view.
scene_heading: 65. EXT. RIZZO BACKYARD NIGHT
text: Joyce and Tony.
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: JOYCE (resigned)
dialog: I feel like I spend my whole life trying
dialog: to please everyone, and all it does is
dialog: make ‘em mad. My son--Jesus
dialog: what a pill he’s becomin’! And Vivian.
dialog: Twenty years of working for that law
dialog: firm so I could put away enough for her
text: to go to law school after she graduates.
dialog: You'd think she’d at least talk to me
dialog: about it. I ask her about her classes
text: and she just shrugs. “Whatever...” And
dialog: Vince and his ‘poker game’. Does he
dialog: think I buy that crap?
dialog: TONY (a little shrug)
dialog: I grew up with a mother and no father.
dialog: And my mother hated my father so much
dialog: for leaving that she took it out on me
dialog: cause I reminded her of him.
text: Joyce lights another cigarette. Stares off into the yard
text: and blows smoke.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: He started that room three years ago.
dialog: Bought enough wood and junk to build
dialog: a forest. That was gonna be his new
dialog: career—-building stuff. He was all
text: gung-ho and then..pffffttt.
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: He gets discouraged when things take
text: too long. Like more than an hour.
text: Tony clutches himself against the cool air. Joyce sees this.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Upstairs in my son’s room? There’s a
text: bunch of sweaters. First door on the
dialog: left.
text: He nods and gets up...
scene_heading: 66. INT. RIZZO HOUSE UPSTAIRS LANDING
text: Tony bounds up the stairs and enters
scene_heading: 67. VINCE JR.’s ROOM
text: Nobody's home. The lights are out. Only the glow of the
text: computer is on. Tony stares at the screen.
dialog: 48
speaker_heading: DENISE (on internet)
dialog: Welcome, my new fat-friendly fan!
dialog: You're now an official member of
dialog: my club. If you see me at a BBW
dialog: function in the New York area where
dialog: I live, you can tell me you're a
dialog: special member by saying our secret
text: word: BOTERO.
text: Tony scowls at the computer.
dialog: TONY (to himself)
dialog: Botero.
scene_heading: 68. EXT. DENISE’S KITCHEN WINDOW
text: Vince Jr. watches Denise.
speaker_heading: VINCE JR. (under)
dialog: Botero...
text: Then--the concrete block he’s on sways backwards.
scene_heading: SUDDENLY--IT GIVES
text: Vince Jr. falls backwards into a fence. Big noise.
speaker_heading: DENISE
text: Looks up, frightened.
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: Hey! Hello! Who’s out there?
text: Vince Jr. scrambles to his feet, hops over a hedge and runs
text: into his house.
scene_heading: 69. EXT. ROOSEVELT ISLAND NIGHT
text: Molly and Vince sitting on a bench looking at the glorious
dialog: Manhattan view.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: So. You been thinkin’ anymore about
dialog: your “worst secret?”
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I think about it all the time.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: You probably got so many interesting
dialog: secrets—
text: He lets it hang.
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Scads—
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: --it’s hard to tell which one’s the
dialog: best.
dialog: (pause, then)
dialog: I gonna get to hear it? I don’t mean
dialog: to press you or nothin’, but we got
dialog: class comin’ up in a few days and...
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Where do you live, Vincent?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: The Bronx.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: No thonx.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Nothing. Ogden Nash. Skip it.
dialog: For all I know, the Bronx is lovely.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Well, my part of it is. S’called City
text: Island. Old fishing village.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Really?
dialog: (this appeals to her)
text: City..Island. On the one hand a paradox—
text: a peaceful island located within
dialog: the world’s busiest city. Further, the
text: words stand in stark relief from each
dialog: other—"city”, so short and abrupt and
text: definite and “island”—exotic, unknowable
text: and with the silent “s”.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I never really thought about it that
dialog: way. It’s a great spot, though—my
dialog: grandparents built the house and passed
dialog: it down. Once you live there you can’t
dialog: really think of moving anywhere else.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Every busy city needs an island of
dialog: peace. Like every busy soul needs a
dialog: 50
dialog: place of repose. A place where we hide
dialog: from our own frantic stories while
text: they..madly, insanely, obsessively pursue
dialog: us.
text: Pause. This last was said with a vigor that denotes to Vince
text: another side of Molly, another angle. He looks at her,
text: unafraid and unbashful. Molly looks him right in the eyes.
text: Then, she opens her purse and pulls out an envelope. She
text: hands it to Vince.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: There it is, Vincent. My secret.
text: He begins to open the envelope. But she stops him.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: No. Not yet. I need it to stay mine for
dialog: just a little longer. Once you know it,
text: it’s no longer truly a secret.
dialog: (mysteriously)
dialog: There’1l be a moment when it’s obvious.
dialog: Carry it with you. The moment could come
dialog: at anytime.
text: Molly and Vince smile at each other. A beat. As they look
text: out at the glittering view of Manhattan—
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Oh, Vincent. What a wonderful time to
dialog: have not disappeared.
scene_heading: MONTAGE — SUNDAY AT THE RIZZO’S
scene_heading: 70. EXT. RIZZO HOUSE DAY
text: A plume of smoke emanates from the upstairs window. We
text: hear Vince coughing.
scene_heading: 71. VINCE JR.’s ROOM
text: He’s asleep with his head on his desk, his computer still
text: on Denise’s website.
scene_heading: 72. KITCHEN
text: Vivian comes crashing in, obviously hungover. She opens
text: the fridge, grabs a bottle of Coke, and chugs it. Goes
dialog: outside.
scene_heading: 73. BACKYARD
text: Vivian passes the garage, pausing as she sees—
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: TONY
text: Already awake, doing push-ups on the cement floor of the
text: garage room. He doesn’t notice her.
text: She glares at him, mistrust in her eyes. She walks away.
text: Tony keeps doing pushups.
text: 74. A TINY AREA ON THE SIDE OF THE GARAGE
text: hidden from view. Vivian lights a cigarette and stands
text: there, smoking and swigging her Coke. A small window into
text: the garage is open, behind her.
text: Vivian throws an empty pack of matches through the open
text: window behind her.
scene_heading: 75. j.INT. GARAGE
text: Tony’s doing push-ups as the matches hit the floor.
text: On the cover: HELL’S HALF ACRE. A caricature of a
text: curvaceous woman in red. He stares at it curiously, as he
text: continues his exercises.
scene_heading: 76. %EXT. RIZZO BACKYARD LATER
text: Vince and Tony examining the little room, drinking coffee.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Then I figure we run the pipe through
text: her and tap into the main line.
dialog: (a little labored)
dialog: Feels good building something. Don’t it?
text: Tony nods but looks off. He sees—
speaker_heading: JOYCE
text: making coffee in the kitchen. She meets his eyes.
text: Tony smiles at her. They each look away, bashfully.
scene_heading: 77. .INT. BACKYARD LATER
text: Vince and Tony carrying bags of cement from the rear
text: of the garage to the front. Tony has his shirt off.
text: A large tattoo of a cobra is on his back.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: You know, my grandfather built this
dialog: house. Way back. Before I was born.
dialog: (pause, then)
dialog: Came here from the old country and
dialog: became a fish scaler.
dialog: 52
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Oh yeah?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Yeah. Him and his brother. Couple of
dialog: real mussel suckers.
speaker_heading: TONY (puzzled)
dialog: How’s that?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Well, here on City Island, if you come
dialog: from somewhere else you’re known as a
dialog: ‘muscle-sucker.’ But if you’re born and
dialog: raised here you’re a ‘clam-digger.’ Old
dialog: City Island custom.
text: Tony stares at Vince like: who is this guy?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Huh.
text: As Tony grabs another bag, we see the expression on Vince’s
text: face: he and Tony are not connecting.
scene_heading: 78. INT. GARAGE LATER
text: Vince lights up, blowing the smoke through the tiny window.
text: He notices Tony staring at the poster of “The Godfather.”
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: If I could come back as some-body
dialog: different, it’d be him.
speaker_heading: TONY (warily)
dialog: Don Corleone?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: No. Brando.
dialog: (and then)
dialog: Always kinda thought being an actor
dialog: is something I could do. Fact, I’m
dialog: takin’ this acting class in the city.
dialog: I guess it’s kind of stupid-I ain’t
dialog: even told my wife. She thinks I gotta
dialog: poker game.
text: Tony’s eyes: remembering Joyce’s accusation of the night
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: And all you really got goin’ is
dialog: an acting class?
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Shh. Don’t tell no-one.
text: He offers a cigarette to Tony, who refuses it.
text: Pause. Vince’s eyes:
dialog: Vince is interested
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I quit inside.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Yeah, they got that rule now. Must suck.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Plenty other things that are worse.
text: guilty at what he knows must go on.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: We try to keep an eye on things. It’s
dialog: hard—so many guys, so many groups and
dialog: gangs. But we see somethin’ goin’ on
dialog: that we don’t like, believe you me--
dialog: TONY (a little icy)
dialog: I took care of myself.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Oh yeah?
speaker_heading: TONY (shrugs)
dialog: I figured as soon as I got to
dialog: Southcourt I had to act more
dialog: psycho than everyone else. I
dialog: mean, I was younger so I had
dialog: to watch myself.
text: in this. He peers at Tony.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: What’d you do?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I went right up to the ugliest guy
dialog: I could find and said: “I think I’m
dialog: pissed off with you but I don’t know
dialog: why. Do I got a reason?”
speaker_heading: VINCE (smiles)
dialog: No shit?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah. I was like: gimme your top ten
dialog: reasons you’re a piece of shit and I’1l
dialog: let you know when somethin’ rings a
dialog: 54
dialog: bell. Just don’t lie to me and don’t
dialog: figure me for one of your sissy-boys
dialog: who're gonna put out for you, you sadly
text: deformed
dialog: excuse for humanity posing as a piece of
dialog: prison garbage.
dialog: (pause, he shrugs)
dialog: It worked. They thought I was psycho. I
dialog: was just..acting.
text: Tony turns away. Keeps working. But Vince looks at Tony.
text: Admiration in his eyes. And yearning to connect to him.
scene_heading: 79. j.INT. RIZZO HOUSE
text: Tony wanders over to the living room where he sees
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
text: She looks up from her book.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Think it’s lunchtime.
text: VIVIAN (an odd grunt)
dialog: Nhhff.
text: She buries her head in her book.
text: Tony stares at her for a beat. Then he leaves.
scene_heading: 80. DINING ROOM
text: Brunch time. Vince, Vince Jr. Vivian and Tony sit as
text: Joyce serves up bacon, pancakes etc.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: What time you get in, Vince?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I dunno. Midnight.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Win any money? Playing poker?
text: She makes “quote” signs as she says poker. Vince drops his
text: fork and stares at her.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Okay. That was extremely provocative,
dialog: mom!
dialog: 55
speaker_heading: VINCE (makes quote signs)
dialog: What does this mean, huh?
text: As the argument continues--
speaker_heading: TONY'S FACE
text: He knows the truth of Vince’s whereabouts.
scene_heading: 81. EXT. RIZZO BACKYARD
text: Tony shovels dirt from one pile to another. He goes to the--
text: TINY AREA ON THE SIDE OF THE GARAGE
text: where he finds Vince sitting on a brick, smoking and reading
text: the “OPEN CALL” ad. He blanches when he sees Tony, stubbing
text: his cigarette out.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Relax. Just me.
dialog: (re: the ad)
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Well, between you and me, okay?
dialog: (Tony nods)
dialog: I got this friend who cut this out for me.
dialog: It’s an open call for some movie--tomorrow
dialog: morning. But...
dialog: (pause, smokes)
dialog: «I don't think I’m gonna do it.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Why not? Isn’t that what you wanna do?
dialog: Try acting?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Yeah, but I’m no actor. Not for real.
dialog: Anyway, too much trouble. I gotta get the day
dialog: off from work—tell ‘em some story. And
dialog: for what? It’ll never amount to nothin’.
text: Tony’s face: not getting Vince’s lassitude.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You should do it.
text: He walks away. Vince stares at the ad.
scene_heading: 82. EXT. RIZZO HOUSE FRONT PORCH LATER
text: Vince Jr. lies on the porch, eating sunflower seeds
dialog: 56
text: and spitting the shells onto the lawn. But he’s looking at
text: the house next door. He pulls a cigarette out of his pocket
text: and thinks about lighting it when—
text: Vince exits, the ad and his cellphone in his hand.
text: Vince stashes his ad. Vince Jr. hides his cigarette.
text: No privacy here. They regard each other with mutual
dialog: frustration.
speaker_heading: VINCE JR. (agitated)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: VINCE
text: Taking a walk.
speaker_heading: VINCE JR.
dialog: I’d join you, dad, but I’m waiting for a
text: crack delivery from a group of black friends
dialog: I've developed a close relationship to in
dialog: school. Some might call it...
dialog: (makes “quote” signs)
text: “a business relationship”.
dialog: VINCE (didn’t hear him)
dialog: Good. See you in awhile, son.
text: He walks away, heading down the street. Vince Jr. looks
text: relieved at his being gone and pulls out his cigarette.
scene_heading: 83. INT. KITCHEN
text: Joyce looks out the window. Sees Vince walking away.
text: She grabs her cigarettes from a drawer, steps outside
text: and lights one.
text: Tony is hauling away a pile of old lumber. Hot out.
text: His shirt’s off.
text: Joyce stares at his muscular back. In her eyes: she’s
text: checking him out. As Tony turns and heads back to
text: the house, the lumber in his arms-—-
text: He stops. Sees Joyce. They look at each other. SOMETHING
text: ABOUT THIS LOOK...
speaker_heading: TONY (nods)
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Hey yourself.
text: She holds his eyes. Then turns and goes back into the
text: house. She is twenty years younger in attitude. Tony
dialog: 57
text: watches her. Then—
text: He drops the lumber.
scene_heading: 84. INT. KITCHEN
text: Joyce enters, stops. Smiles to herself. She doesn’t see
text: Vivian staring at her.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Oh yeah.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Oh yeah, what?
text: Vivian is staring at her mother, breaking her reverie.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Oh, relax.
text: Joyce walks away, blowing her daughter off.
scene_heading: 85. EXT. RIZZO BACK YARD
text: Tony is bending down to pick up the lumber he dropped.
speaker_heading: TONY’S POV
text: Through his knees he sees Denise, the fat neighbor,
text: exiting her back door. Tony looks, head upside down,
text: as she waddles through her garden.
text: Tony gets up. Stares at her. Mind working.
text: He picks up the lumber and walks to the front of the
dialog: house.
scene_heading: 86. EXT. RIZZO HOUSE FRONT PORCH
text: Vince Jr. is about to light his cigarette when
speaker_heading: TONY APPEARS
text: He places the lumber next to the trash. Looks at Vince Jr.
text: A beat. Then Tony says, with a nod to Denise’s house:
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Botero?
text: Pause. Vince Jr. looks afraid, like he’s been found out.
text: BUT IF TONY KNOWS THE SECRET CODE THEN IT MUST BE OKAY. So--
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: VINCE JR. (nods)
dialog: Botero.
text: A door slams. They both look over as--
text: DENISE EXITS HER HOUSE
text: heading for her car. She sees Vinnie Jr. and smiles.
text: Vince Jr. stares at her, terrified. She looks puzzled and
text: walks away. Vince Jr. looks to Tony, fear in his eyes.
text: TONY (urging him on, in a whisper)
dialog: Botero!
text: Should he? Shouldn’t he? Can he? Will he? As she’s about to
text: disappear from view—
dialog: VINCE JR. (shouts)
speaker_heading: BOTERO!
text: Denise stops. Turns. They look at each other. She smiles
text: at him.
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: I’m making Triple Braised Baby Back
dialog: Ribs and deep fried potatoes au gratin!
dialog: (and then)
dialog: Want to go shopping with me?
text: Vince Jr. gets to his feet. Stares at her. Tony stares
text: at him. Finally: Vince Jr. smiles as he walks over to
dialog: Denise.
text: Tony watches, quietly pleased at his part in this little
dialog: exchange.
scene_heading: 87. EXT. CITY ISLAND MAIN STREET
text: Vince on the cell phone, the crumpled “Open Call” ad from
text: Backstage in his hand, a cigarette in his mouth.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Yeah it’s Vince Rizzo, correctional officer
dialog: 426. I’m sick and need to take tomorrow off.
dialog: Matt Cruniff'll cover my desk. All right?
dialog: (then).. And don't call my house for nothin’.
text: He hangs up. As he walks away he sees—
scene_heading: VINCE JR. AND DENISE
text: walking into the A&P together like an old married couple.
text: Vince's eyes: his son and the fat neighbor are friends?
dialog: 59
scene_heading: 88. INT. THE A&P MARKET
text: Vince Jr. pushes the basket as Denise fills it up with
text: cartons of fattening food. Vince Jr. stops as he sees—
speaker_heading: CHERYL
text: The chubby girl from High School, standing by the diet foods
text: section. Vince Jr. smiles at her.
speaker_heading: VINCE JR.
dialog: Hey Cheryl.
text: She turns. His face: preening in a strange way. Cheryl turns
text: and sees Vince Jr. with the super-sized Denise.
speaker_heading: CHERYL
dialog: Vinnie?
text: Cheryl’s face: despite herself, she is jealous!
scene_heading: 89. EXT. CANAL STREET MORNING
text: Vince checks the address of the ad. Walks and looks down the
text: block. Heads for a building. Sees a line waiting to get in.
text: He goes to the Security Man who waits at the head.
speaker_heading: SECURITY MAN
dialog: Follow the line.
text: Vince nods. Looks at the guys on the line. They all look a
text: little like him. Middle-age working class types, age 30-50.
text: He walks down the line expecting it to end. Guy after
text: guy all reading scripts, copies of Backstage, Variety,
text: some talking on cell phones, some listening to radio
text: headsets. He gets to the corner and sees:
text: THE LINE EXTENDS AND WINDS AROUND THE BLOCK
text: *Vince keeps walking, a little perplexed. He stops,
dialog: surprised to see
speaker_heading: MICHAEL MALAKOV
text: His teacher, standing on the line, glasses perched on the
text: end of his nose, reading the New York Post.
text: Vince almost says hi. But something about the situation is
text: too strange, too poignant. Vince continues on his way,
text: unseen by Malakov.
dialog: 60
text: Finally he reaches the end of the line. He asks the last
dialog: middle-aged working class guy:
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Hey uh..you know anything
dialog: about this movie here?
text: The guy turns to Vince. With grave simplicity:
scene_heading: WORKING-CLASS GUY
dialog: Scorsese and De Niro.
scene_heading: 90. INT. RIZZO HOUSE BEDROOM
text: Joyce is putting on sweats and a big T-shirt. She opens
text: her secret drawer and spies her cigarettes. Smiles. Goes
text: to the window. And sees:
scene_heading: FROM THE WINDOW
text: Tony. The garage door open. He’s hauling more lumber and
text: trash out. His clothes: jeans. Period. Bare feet and bare
dialog: chest.
text: Joyce looks at him. Then she takes off her sweats. She
text: stands alone, in the darkness of her bedroom in her
dialog: underwear.
scene_heading: 91. EXT. CANAL STREET
text: Huge. Vince is no longer at the back. But he has miles
text: to go. He stands, out of place, not reading trades, not
text: talking on the phone, not knowing anyone.
scene_heading: 92. EXT. GARAGE RIZZO HOUSE
text: Tony is hauling the last of the garbage out. He sees
text: Joyce approaching.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Almost done with the trash. What’s next?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I don’t know. Vince tell you what
dialog: he wants in here?
speaker_heading: TONY
text: Toilet. Walls. Shower stall. Floor.
dialog: He wasn’t specific. But—we could
dialog: go to a..you know..bathroom place
dialog: and pick some stuff out. Maybe.
dialog: If you feel like it.
dialog: 61
scene_heading: 93. INT. RIZZO HOUSE
text: Vivian is bumming around upstairs. She goes to a window
dialog: and sees—
speaker_heading: VIVIAN'S POV
text: Tony and Joyce talking. THEIR BODY LANGUAGE IS SIZZLING.
text: Vivian's face: watching the encounter with horror.
scene_heading: 94. EXT. GARAGE
dialog: Tony and Joyce.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I got no plans. Took today off.
dialog: You know...
dialog: (makes quote signs)
dialog: «family time”.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah, well, maybe we should ask
dialog: Vince if he has any..preferences.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Preferences? For what?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: You know. Toilets and stuff.
text: The word “toilet” makes him laugh. She laughs with him,
dialog: not knowing why.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: That’s funny. Why’s that funny?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Cause it’s..you know. ‘Toilet.’
text: Exaggerating the word. They laugh. Look at each other.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Yeah. Toilet.
dialog: (pause, then)
dialog: I better call my husband.
text: She goes inside. Tony watches her go.
dialog: TONY (to himself)
dialog: No. No. No way.
dialog: 62
scene_heading: 95. INT. RIZZO KITCHEN
dialog: As Joyce dials--
speaker_heading: JOYCE (to herself)
dialog: No, no way. Nope.
scene_heading: 96. INT. UPSTAIRS OF RIZZO HOUSE
text: Vivian stares out the window, shell-shocked.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: No, never, not, nor, nhnffffff---
text: She clutches herself, shuts her eyes and shudders with anger
text: and frustration. It’s almost like a seizure. When she stops,
text: she has another look on her eyes.
dialog: It says: I’m outta here.
scene_heading: 97. INT. KITCHEN
text: Joyce dialing the phone.
speaker_heading: JOYCE (into phone)
dialog: Officer Rizzo, please.
text: As she waits we hear Vivian SLAM the door. Joyce looks
dialog: puzzled.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Vivian? Hello?
text: No response. Then, back into the phone—
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Yeah, I’m holding for my husband,
dialog: Vince Rizzo.
dialog: (pause, then)
dialog: He called in sick? No, no message.
text: She hangs up. A puzzled look on her face. Then she dials--
scene_heading: 98. EXT. CANAL STREET
text: Vince standing on line. His cell rings. He answers it.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Hello? Hi, sweetie. Uh...
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: I'm at work. Yeah, well I’m
text: out in the yards.
scene_heading: 99. INT. RIZZO KITCHEN
text: Joyce’s face: crunching up with anger, with sadness, at
text: another of Vince’s lies.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Oh. Okay. No, I just was wondering
dialog: if you had any preferences about
dialog: toilets.
scene_heading: 100. EXT. CANAL STREET
text: Vince's eyes narrow.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Toilets? Uh, take Tony with you—he
dialog: can probably help.
scene_heading: 101. INT. RIZZO KITCHEN
text: Joyce looking out the window at the bare-chested Tony.
text: He stops what he’s doing at looks back at her.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Yeah. Good idea. I'll take Tony.
text: Over Joyce’s face, one last sub-title:
dialog: You’re goddam right he can probably
dialog: help.
scene_heading: 102. EXT. SAW MILL RIVER PARKWAY
text: Joyce and Tony driving in her car.
scene_heading: 103. INT. CAR
text: Joyce drives. Tony stares out at the passing scenery.
text: Pause. Tony sees something on the floor. It’s—
text: A PAIR OF HANDCUFFS
text: Joyce sees him looking at them.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Ug, Vince. Know how cops never leave
dialog: the house without their gun? My husband
dialog: swears that every car needs a good pair
text: of handcuffs. Like he’s Joe Justice!
dialog: TONY (looks out window)
dialog: What’s that?
dialog: 64
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Orchard Beach. Ever seen it?
scene_heading: 104. EXT. ORCHARD BEACH PARKING LOT
text: The jeep pulls off into a vast parking lot.
scene_heading: 105. EXT. DENISE’S HOUSE DAY
text: Vince Jr. knocks on the door. His bearing is more confident,
text: less tentative. Denise opens the door.
text: DENISE (nods, smiles)
dialog: I’m making a triple Chocolate Death
text: Cake--it’s a brownie base layered in
dialog: white chocolate, milk chocolate and dark
text: chocolate fudge sauce, covered in
dialog: whipped cream. Come in!
scene_heading: 106. INT. JEEP
text: Tony and Joyce in the car, which is parked. Each stares
text: straight ahead.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Tony? You do anything else? Besides—
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Boosting a car? Just some kid stuff.
text: Held up a gas station. Robbed a
text: pharmacy. Couple of jewelry stores.
dialog: (he looks at her)
dialog: You afraid of me?
text: Long pause. Then—
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Oh yes...
text: They plunge into each other, face against face and start
text: making out.
scene_heading: 107. EXT. CANAL STREET
text: A clock on a neighboring wall reads 3:30. Vince looks bored
text: to tears. But he’s getting closer.
scene_heading: 108. INT. DENISE’S KITCHEN
text: Denise cooking up a storm. On the walls hang posters of the
text: art of Fernando Botero—delightful images of hugely
text: voluptuous men and women.
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: VINCE JR.
dialog: I was thinking of killing myself. Or
text: cutting off a vital sexual organ in
dialog: defiance. Anyway, I can’t tell anyone
dialog: else I know.
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: Oh, Vinnie. All those poor kids staring
text: at swimsuit calendars. They don’t know it—
dialog: but that’s as close as they’re ever gonna
dialog: get!
text: Vinnie Jr. looks at Denise. A major weight is being lifted
text: off his adolescent shoulders.
text: She smiles at Vinnie Jr.
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: Who was the girl in the market yesterday?
dialog: VINCE JR. (embarrassed)
dialog: Just someone from school.
speaker_heading: DENISE (beat, then)
dialog: She’s a sweetie. Invite her over.
dialog: Vince Jr.'s face: what a party...
scene_heading: 109. INT. JEEP IN ORCHARD BEACH PARKING LOT
text: Tony and Joyce are hungrily kissing each other. She
text: Maneuvers herself off the drivers seat and onto his lap.
text: Joyce's face: it’s been a long time since passion overcame
text: her. Tony’s face: it’s been a long time period.
text: Tony jams the seat backwards. Now it’s a bed. The make-out
dialog: continues.
scene_heading: 110. EXT. CANAL STREET ARMORY
text: Vince getting closer. A CASTING ASSISTANT comes out.
scene_heading: CASTING ASSISTANT
dialog: We’1l take the next ten inside and
dialog: that’s it for the day.
text: She starts counting. Gets to Ten. Number Ten is Vince!
text: He can’t believe it.
dialog: 66
scene_heading: 111. INT. CASTING OFFICE
text: Vince and the other ten guys sit. They’re reading sides—-
text: pages of the scene. Vince struggles to make sense of it.
text: Looks around at the others, who seem awfully casual about
dialog: this.
text: The Casting Assistant appears.
scene_heading: CASTING ASSISTANT
dialog: Vince Rizzo?
text: He drops his pages in shock. Scrambles to pick them up.
text: Collects himself. As he walks in—
scene_heading: CASTING ASSISTANT
dialog: Relax. Be yourself.
scene_heading: 112. INT. CASTING OFFICE
text: A large, windowless room. A CASTING DIRECTOR sits behind a
text: table at one end. At the other end of the room, a single
text: chair is placed in the center. A cam corder sits on a tripod
text: next to the casting director, pointed at the chair.
speaker_heading: CASTING DIRECTOR
dialog: Have a seat.
text: Vince freezes.
scene_heading: CASTING ASSISTANT
dialog: Sir. Have a seat and slate yourself.
text: Vince sits down, puzzled.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Uh..say again?
text: She turns the cam-corder on.
scene_heading: CASTING ASSITANT
dialog: Look into the camera and say your name.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Oh. Vincent Rizzo, correctional officer
dialog: 426.
scene_heading: 113. INT. JEEP
text: Joyce and Tony necking passionately. He fondles her breasts.
text: As the make-out continues...
dialog: 67
scene_heading: 114. INT. CASTING OFFICE
text: The casting director is listening to Vince read. It’s not
text: going well. His reading is wooden. Strangely, he is using
text: Marlon Brando’s accent from “The Godfather”.
dialog: VINCE (reading from script)
dialog: “So make no mistake, Joey. From here
dialog: on out, I’m watching you. What you
dialog: do. Who you do? Was it..no. Watch it
dialog: cause Frankie Grinucci has eyes in
text: the back of his head.”
dialog: (pause—puzzled)
dialog: My head. Must mean in the back of
dialog: my head.
text: The Casting Assistant’s eyes are on the ceiling.
scene_heading: CASTING ASSISTANT
dialog: Thank you, Mr. Rizzo.
text: VINCE (looks at her)
dialog: S'that it?
text: She nods. As Vince stands, though, the phone rings.
speaker_heading: CASTING DIRECTOR
text: Just a moment.
text: She holds up a finger signaling Vince to wait. Listens to
text: the voice on the other end of the phone.
speaker_heading: CASTING DIRECTOR
dialog: Absolutely..absolutely..absolutely...
dialog: (and then)
dialog: I’ll try.
text: She motions for Vince to come back.
speaker_heading: CASTING DIRECTOR
dialog: Are you an actor Mr. Rizzo?
text: Vince looks around.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Uh-not really. I’m a corrections
dialog: officer.
speaker_heading: CASTING DIRECTOR
dialog: A prison guard?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Guess you could call it that.
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: CASTING DIRECTOR
dialog: Where do you work?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: North Jersey State Correctional.
speaker_heading: CASTING DIRECTOR
dialog: That one of those..country club prisons?
text: Vince can’t help but be slightly offended. Perhaps this is
dialog: what was intended?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I wouldn't call it that, sir, not
dialog: by a longshot. We got people in there
dialog: who..lemme put it this way: if you
dialog: could see inside their minds and
dialog: what they’re thinking..you wouldn't
dialog: be thinking of no golf game.
speaker_heading: CASTING DIRECTOR
dialog: Tell me more about what you do.
dialog: What's a typical day like?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Typical? Well..no such animal. Some
dialog: days it’s rote and tote-you know,
dialog: roll call and work duty. Nothin’ much
dialog: happens. Other days...
dialog: (pause, then)
dialog: other days there’s trouble. Gangs
dialog: get outta control. We gotta lockdown.
dialog: The boys and girls have their little
dialog: bitch spats just like in the real
dialog: world only they jump some bones and
dialog: try to make their mettle on the new
dialog: recruits. Ugly stuff. Sometimes guys
dialog: come in and I say to myself “Two words
dialog: for you: bye-bye.” Cause I know they
dialog: ain’t getting out the same as they
dialog: came in, if you know what I mean.
speaker_heading: CASTING DIRECTOR
dialog: You know this scene we just read?
dialog: Could you do it in your own words?
text: Vince thinks. Shrugs. What the hell.
text: Tony’s words.
dialog: 69
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: My own words? Well, I didn’t read
dialog: the whole script or nothin’, but
dialog: it seems like this Joey
dialog: Zambooli thinks he’s got the goods
dialog: on the guy I play. Frankie—
dialog: (consults script)
dialog: Grinucci. Which makes this Zambooli
dialog: the worst kind of creep.
speaker_heading: CASTING DIRECTOR
dialog: Why do you say that?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Well, like for instance, where I work?
dialog: It’s all about power. And guys
dialog: like Zambooli come at the new guys and
dialog: try to intimidate them. And if you don’t
dialog: get in their face fast, they’1ll have
dialog: you on all fours sucking the cement.
dialog: (pause, then)
dialog: Pardon me.
speaker_heading: CASTING DIRECTOR
dialog: So what’s the best way to deal with
dialog: these guys?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Well what I would do is make it very
dialog: clear from the beginning that I am
text: more psycho than they are.
speaker_heading: CASTING DIRECTOR
dialog: Explain that to me.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Well.. I’d put my hand on
dialog: this Joey Zambooli’s shoulder and sorta
dialog: from nowhere I’d go: “I think I’m pissed
dialog: off with you but I don’t know why. Do I
dialog: got a reason?”
speaker_heading: CASTING DIRECTOR
dialog: Look right into the camera, as if you
text: were talking to Zambooli.
text: Vince does as he’s told. WE SEE THROUGH THE CAMCORDER LENS,
text: VINCE GIVING THE FOLLOWING PERFORMANCE.
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Yeah. I'd say, “Hey, Joey Zambooli,
dialog: you think I got a reason to be pissed
dialog: off with you? Gimme your top ten reasons
dialog: you're a piece of shit and I'll let you
dialog: know when somethin’ rings a bell. Just
dialog: don’t lie to me and don’t figure me for
dialog: one of your sissy-boys who’re gonna put
dialog: out for you. I got the eyes in the
text: front, the back and the side of my head
text: and they all see twenty-twenty.
dialog: Comprende, you sadly deformed excuse for
text: humanity posing as a piece of prison
dialog: garbage? You mess with Tony Nard-—
dialog: (pause—he corrects himself)
dialog: --no. You mess with Frankie Grinucci,
dialog: you lose.
text: He stops, a little startled by what just came out of him.
speaker_heading: CASTING DIRECTOR
dialog: Okay. Thank you.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: * Yeah, you better thank me you piece of
dialog: shit. You lying, two-bit punk-ass—
text: The Casting Assistant stops Vince.
scene_heading: CASTING ASSISTANT
dialog: Mr. Rizzo. Thank you.
text: Vince looks at the casting assistant, puzzled. She smiles
text: a plastic smile back.
scene_heading: 115. INT. WEST BANK CAFE DAYLIGHT
text: The theater spot for actors, employed and unemployed.
text: Vince and Molly sit at the bar. He drinks a beer. She
text: drinks a Martini, astounded at the story he’s telling.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: You did an improv for Martin Scorsese?
dialog: Vincent—that’s no everyday garden
dialog: variety audition. You’re..why you’re in
text: the elite corps of auditioneers.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Yeah, it was pretty cool, all right.
dialog: (frowns )
dialog: But it was bullshit.
text: Vince's cell rings.
dialog: 71
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I made it sound like..you know..that’s
dialog: the way I talk to the guys inside.
dialog: (pause, then)
dialog: That’s the way my son talks. Tony.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: That’s even better. You co-opted
dialog: another’s experience and filtered it
dialog: through your personality and out came a
dialog: performance. That’s not bullshit,
dialog: Vincent. That’s acting.
text: He looks at it nervously.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Hello? Yeah, this is me.
dialog: (pause—he looks confused)
dialog: You want me to come back? Why,
dialog: I forget something?
scene_heading: 116. INT. CASTING OFFICE
text: The Casting Assistant is alone in the big room, on the
dialog: phone.
scene_heading: 117. INT. WEST BANK
text: Vince on the phone.
dialog: what's happening.
text: Molly is jumping up
scene_heading: CASTING ASSISTANT
dialog: The producers would like to see you
dialog: again with some of the other actors
dialog: who've already been cast. This would
dialog: be—-Wednesday at two. Can you make it?
scene_heading: CAFE DAYLIGHT
text: Molly’s eyes are bug: she can tell
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: The other actors’1l be there?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Yeah. I gotta take off work
dialog: but..Wednesday should be fine...
text: and down in her seat, mouthing the
text: words: CALL BACK? CALL BACK?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Okay. Sounds good. I’1l be there.
dialog: Hey thank you. For everything there.
dialog: And thank him for me too. Yeah.
text: He hangs up.
dialog: A strange pause. We
dialog: 72
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: They called you back?
speaker_heading: VINCE (stunned)
dialog: I guess so.
text: can see in Molly’s face that she is
text: both excited and disappointed.
text: Molly stands on the
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Oh, Vincent. Your first time out...
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Yeah, how ‘bout that.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: What’s wrong?
scene_heading: MOLLY (pause, then)
dialog: It’s an old theatrical adage. Everytime
dialog: a friend succeeds, a little something
dialog: in me dies.
dialog: (shaking it off)
dialog: No. It’s brilliant. It’s the way
dialog: it has to be. We meet, to have coffee
dialog: and tell secrets and for me to show
dialog: you the advertisement in backstage that
dialog: launches your career. After all, if I’m
dialog: not making history, I at least want to
dialog: be a part of it!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I ain't exactly got the part yet.
dialog: What if I screw up this call-back?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Then you'll probably get the job!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Yeah. Then I'll probably get the job!
text: bar rail and yells to the other patrons:
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Hello everyone! Listen to me! This is
dialog: my friend Vincent Rizzo and on his
dialog: very first audition ever he got to
dialog: improvise for Martin Scorsese and
dialog: they've already called him back to read
text: with the other actors.
dialog: (and then)
dialog: And he's a prison guard!
dialog: 73
text: The people at the bar all applaud. Way to go! Who says
dialog: it can’t happen?
scene_heading: 118. EXT. ORCHARD BEACH PARKING LOT DAYLIGHT
text: The Jeep hasn’t moved.
scene_heading: 119. INT. JEEP DAYLIGHT
text: Tony and Joyce in the car. They are still kissing.
text: He begins to unbutton his pants. She helps him. But
text: then she stops. Looks at him. As if to convince herself--
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: S'okay, Tony. I’m not just like doin’
dialog: this for revenge...
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: No, look, I don’t care. Doesn’t matter
dialog: to me.
text: She undoes his pants. The make-out continues.
speaker_heading: TONY (cont. )
dialog: Only lemme ask you...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: If he wasn’t foolin’ around on you—
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Don’t worry ‘bout that. He’s made
dialog: his decisions. Now I’m making mine.
text: She looks down at his crotch. Tony’s eyes are wide with
text: anticipation. But—
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Okay, but what if..what if he hadn't?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Hadn’t what?
speaker_heading: TONY (lost now)
dialog: Made what you thought he’d made?
text: Joyce stares at him. Now she’s a little pissed. But she
dialog: plays coy.
dialog: JOYCE (a little hurt)
dialog: Maybe you got another feelin’?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: What other feeling?
speaker_heading: JOYCE (demure)
dialog: I don’t know. Like you don’t like me?
dialog: 74
text: Tony stares at Joyce.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: This is definitely not the case.
text: HE CRASHES HIS MOUTH INTO HERS. And the make out continues.
scene_heading: 120. INT. DENISE’S HOUSE DAYLIGHT
text: Denise, Vince Jr. and Cheryl eat a mountainous meal.
speaker_heading: CHERYL
dialog: My parents put me on a diet of seaweed
dialog: and watermelon. I thought I was gonna
text: starve to death.
dialog: (and then, with self-loathing)
dialog: My sister’s are both runway models.
dialog: I hate them. All they do is throw up
dialog: and go shopping. Why do I have to be
dialog: beautiful too? I hate beautiful people.
speaker_heading: DENISE
dialog: You are beautiful honey! We're all
dialog: beautiful people. Only our society has
dialog: taught us that we're ugly if we’re not a
dialog: certain weight. They teach you to be a
dialog: glutton for every kind of product they
dialog: sell, then they open huge supermarkets
dialog: filled with food and tell you your not
dialog: supposed to eat too much! Hello America!
dialog: Where’s the beef?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I said, where’s the beef?
text: Vince Jr. snaps too. Grabs the platter of spare ribs.
speaker_heading: VINCE JR.
dialog: Um, sorry. Here.
dialog: As he serves the girls--
scene_heading: 121. INT. WEST BANK CAFE DAYLIGHT
text: Vince and Molly, having another round. They’ve had a
dialog: few already and this, combined with the events
text: of the day, are sending them into the orbits.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I have a dear friend who was
dialog: sleeping with a William Morris
dialog: agent for weeks! I’m sure she would
dialog: put you in touch if there was a
dialog: deal to be made.
dialog: 75
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Course, my daughter’s gonna go to
dialog: law school. Maybe she could
dialog: help out with the..deal. You know?
dialog: (to bartender)
dialog: Hey, encore here, huh?
text: He makes a “two more” motion. The bartender starts mixing.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: What about your wife, Vincent?
dialog: Have you thought of how you’ll tell
dialog: her? I mean—she doesn’t even know
dialog: of your acting ambitions as yet,
dialog: does she?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: No, she don’t know nothin’. She thinks
dialog: I gotta poker game.
scene_heading: 122. INT. JEEP ORCHARD BEACH DAYLIGHT
text: Tony and Joyce making out. Once again she’s heading for
text: his crotch. Once again he stops her.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Joyce. I can’t. It’s not that I don’t
dialog: wanna. It’s not nothin’ except...
dialog: Joyce. Maybe your husband...
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I mean maybe he’s got something else
dialog: goin’ on in his life. Maybe it’s not
dialog: a poker game but that don’t mean it’s
dialog: gotta be another woman.
speaker_heading: JOYCE (sarcastic)
dialog: Oh yeah? What’s he, taken a class
dialog: somewhere? Puh-leeze.
text: Tony’s eyes: wide! She’s onto it and doesn’t know it.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Joyce.
dialog: (and then)
dialog: I'm sorry. I can’t.
text: He’s looking ahead, frozen with the demands of his own
text: conscience. Joyce sees that he means it. Tony’s eyes:
dialog: 76
text: conflicted between what he thinks is right and what his dick
dialog: thinks is right.
scene_heading: 123. INT. WEST BANK CAFE DAYLIGHT
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: She ain’t gonna believe it. No matter
dialog: what I say, she ain’t gonna believe
dialog: it. Jesus. I gotta lot to back up
dialog: and explain to her. Hard to know where
dialog: to start.
text: The new drinks arrive. They each sip, thinking.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I suppose the truth is out of the
dialog: question.
speaker_heading: VINCE (quickly)
dialog: Oh yeah.
dialog: (pause, an idea)
dialog: I got it! You’re my manager! We’ll say
dialog: that you discovered me.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (warming to the idea)
dialog: In some strange way-—my brother’s an
dialog: inmate or some such nonsense, and
dialog: I’m a talent manager and I brought
dialog: you in to read for Mr. Scorsese. Right.
dialog: If she has any problems, they’1ll be
text: directed at me.
speaker_heading: VINCE (not liking that)
dialog: Is that okay?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Wives always hate me, Vincent. I’m used
dialog: to it.
dialog: (pause, then)
dialog: City Island. Here we come.
text: He gets to his feet. Wobbly! So’s she. They hold onto each
text: other as they exit into the twilight.
scene_heading: 124. EXT. RIZZO HOUSE DAYLIGHT
text: The Jeep pulls up. Tony and Joyce get out. Obviously,
text: they are not talking. Tony walks a little funny. As Joyce
text: starts up the stairs—
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Hey. Thanks.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I had a great time.
text: Joyce looks at him, profoundly hurt and annoyed. She shakes
text: her head patronizingly and enters the house.
text: Tony stares after her as the door slams. Once she’s gone—
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Shit. Shit. Shit.
scene_heading: EXT. EXPRESSWAY DAYLIGHT
text: The Rambler approaches the exit sign that reads: CITY ISLAND
text: AND ORCHARD BEACH.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (points out)
dialog: Oh look! You can see the bridge from
dialog: here! And boats. And co-op city! What
dialog: a brilliant sunset. Can we stop?
scene_heading: 125. INT. GARAGE DAYLIGHT
text: Tony sits, glowering.
text: Suddenly Tony stands up and BANGS his head against the wall,
dialog: once, twice, three times.
text: Scary. He pauses. Self-loathing and fury in his eyes.
text: Then he notices:
text: HIS BELONGINGS IN THE CORNER
text: A couple of pairs of pants and socks. Plus his duffle
dialog: bag.
text: In his eyes, impending freedom. He throws the bag together
text: and finds a piece of wire from a hanger on the floor. He
text: bends it and conceals it under his shirt. Checks his
text: appearance in the reflection of the window and then, on his
dialog: way out notices
text: A PACK OF MATCHES ON THE FLOOR
text: He picks them up. The matches from Hell's Half Acre
dialog: that Vivian tossed away the previous day.
text: Tony’s face: staring at the caricature of the curvaceous
text: woman on the cover. Looks on the back of the matches. Lo and
dialog: behold:
dialog: 78
text: AN ADDRESS: “Hells Half Acre. 2100 Route 6, Piscataway, New
dialog: Jersey.”
scene_heading: 126. EXT. DRIVEWAY DAYLIGHT
text: Tony looks upstairs at a light in the window. He can
text: see the glow of a television and a silhouette of Joyce.
text: He makes his way stealthily down the driveway, keeping
text: his eyes on the window.
scene_heading: 127. EXT. CITY ISLAND DAYLIGHT
text: The Rambler drives down the main street of the village.
scene_heading: 128. EXT. RIZZO DRIVEWAY DAYLIGHT
text: Tony opens the door to the jeep. Quickly and expertly
text: attaches the wire to the ignition head. Pigs it to another
text: wire. A moment later, the engine starts.
text: He shuts the door, quickly backing out of the driveway and
text: jamming forward, down the little street.
text: Tony has boosted the Rizzo’s car.
scene_heading: 129. EXT. CITY ISLAND DOCKS DAYLIGHT
text: Magic Hour—a glorious summertime 7PM, where the sun hangs in
text: the air, slowly sinking. Molly and Vince stand at Island’s
dialog: edge.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Every busy city needs an island of
dialog: peace. And every busy soul needs a place
dialog: of repose.
dialog: (pause, then)
dialog: Tell it to me again. Your big secret.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: About Tony? Well, you know the whole
dialog: thing. You're the only one who does.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: But how did it work? How did you meet
dialog: his mom? And when did you know you
dialog: were leaving?
text: Beat. Vince looks into her and can see that she has a reason
dialog: for wanting these specifics. Deep breath. Here it goes...
dialog: 79
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Well, when I was ‘bout nineteen, I met
dialog: Nan who was older. And she was hot for
dialog: me and I was hot to get away from my
dialog: family. We drank at the same bar. And
dialog: before you know it..we were living at her
dialog: place in Jersey.
dialog: (pause, then)
dialog: Strange how things happen when you're
text: not even looking.
scene_heading: 130. INT. JEEP DRIVING DAYLIGHT
text: Tony drives, Reggae dance hall BLARING from the radio. He
text: grooves along with the radio, cruises in and out of traffic
dialog: and generally seems to be having a great time. Freedom!
scene_heading: 131. INT. RIZZO BATHROOM
text: Joyce is brushing her teeth. But she’s out of toothpaste.
text: She opens a closet door and finds
speaker_heading: VINCE’S BOOK
text: “An Actor Prepares”. She stares at it, suspiciously. Opens
text: it. Inside is a card, on which is written MOLLY
scene_heading: CHARLESWORTH-917-463-3742. Joyce stares at the number,
text: having at last found the enemy.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Bitch.
scene_heading: 132. EXT. CITY ISLAND DOCKS DAYLIGHT
text: Vince and Molly.
dialog: VINCE (finishing his tale)
dialog: And then the next things she’s pregnant
dialog: and by then I knew she was bad news for
dialog: me and I tried to get her to get rid of
dialog: the kid.
dialog: (remembering the moment)
dialog: And she said to me: “I know you'll
dialog: be leaving soon anyway. And I ain't get-
dialog: ting left with nothing for myself.” And
dialog: that’s how I knew she was having the kid
dialog: and I had to just..do what I had to do.
dialog: (pause, then)
dialog: I had seventy-five hundred bucks saved
dialog: from when I started working with my dad
dialog: on his boat. It was gonna put me through
dialog: City College. I sent it to her instead.
dialog: Then I got hooked up with the prison
dialog: 80
dialog: stuff—figured I needed a good steady
dialog: income and pension. I never heard from
dialog: Nan again.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: And did you ever tell anyone else
dialog: in your family?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Nah. I didn’t wanna burden nobody else.
dialog: Besides, I wasn’t too proud of taking
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Leaving’s never pretty. No matter
dialog: how you do it.
text: A beat. Then Molly's cell phone rings. She answers it.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Hello...Hello...
dialog: But there’s nobody there.
scene_heading: 133. INT. RIZZO BEDROOM
text: Joyce hangs up the phone, pain and anger in her eyes.
text: She mimics Molly’s accent.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Hulew! Hulew! Bitch.
scene_heading: 134. EXT. CITY ISLAND DOCKS DAYLIGHT
text: Molly and Vince. She hangs up the cell. An odd look in her
dialog: eye.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: There was nobody there.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I hate these things—I’m always getting’
dialog: wrong numbers.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: No, it wasn't a wrong number, it was...
text: an announcement. A ring—a bell, an
dialog: indication.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Of what?
dialog: 8
speaker_heading: MOLLY (smiles)
dialog: Now, Vincent. Now’s the time. You do
dialog: have it on you, don’t you?
text: Vince’s face: blank for a moment. Then he realizes she
text: means: the envelope! The secret! He pulls it out.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Your secret? Yeah, course.
dialog: (before he opens it)
dialog: You sure?
text: She nods. Doesn't take her eyes off him. He opens it. Inside
text: is a single photograph.
speaker_heading: THE PHOTO
text: is of three very young children, all grouped on a couch,
text: smiling at the camera.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Who are they?
speaker_heading: MOLLY (beat, then)
dialog: My three secrets.
text: Vince takes this in-trying to connect the Molly he knows
text: with the Molly that is being revealed. She looks him in the
text: eye. Her looks says it all. He takes it in. Then, quietly—
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Where are they?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: With my husband in Schenectady.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Schenectady? Upstate? What were you
dialog: doin’ up there?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: The real question is: what am I doing
dialog: down here?
dialog: (and then)
dialog: That’s where I’m from, Vincent. Born and
dialog: raised.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Your family own some big business up
dialog: there or somethin’?
dialog: 82
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: My father was the janitor at the grade
dialog: school. My mother left when I was six.
dialog: (the photo)
dialog: And their mother left a year ago.
text: Big beat. Vince connecting the enchantress he knows with
text: the woman she’s revealing herself to be.
speaker_heading: VINCE (pause, then)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: To see if it was possible to pretend
dialog: the past never existed.
dialog: (and finally)
dialog: Don’t hate me, Vincent. I thought if
dialog: anyone might understand, it would be
dialog: you.
text: Vince looks at the picture. Then at her. In his eyes,
text: sadness—as much at himself as at her. He extends his
text: hand. She takes it.
scene_heading: 135. EXT. ROUTE 6 NEW JERSEY DAYLIGHT
text: The Jeep swerves in and out of traffic, at double the
text: speed of the other drivers. It takes a sharp right and
text: heads off the road.
scene_heading: 136. EXT. HELLS HALF ACRE DAYLIGHT
text: The Jeep pulls in. Plenty of other rowdy cars in the parking
text: lot. Tony parks and gets out. Feels fucking great!
scene_heading: 137. INT. HELL’S HALF ACRE
text: Tony enters. A bouncer stands at a curtain. Behind him
text: is visible the bar and the elevated dance floor. Strippers
text: undulate. The bouncer looks at Tony.
speaker_heading: BOUNCER
dialog: You got I.D.?
text: Tony pulls out his wallet. Produces a prison I.D. card.
text: The Bouncer shrugs. Nods him in. Tony enters.
speaker_heading: THE MAIN ROOM
text: Heads for the bar. Catches Bruno the Bartender’s eye.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Heineken.
dialog: 83
text: Bruno nods, pours a cold one. Tony puts down a twenty.
text: Turns and looks at the stage longingly.
text: Three strippers, pole dancing. Hot stuff. Tony stares,
text: trying to drink in a good long look. Then—
speaker_heading: TONY'S FACE
text: --something funny here. He moves back into the main room
text: staring at one of the strippers. Yes, it’s--
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
text: Wrapping her legs around the pole.
speaker_heading: TONY'S FACE
text: He can’t put it together. He moves closer to the stage.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
text: Wrapping legs, shaking booty. Customers pant. She opens her
text: eyes. And-bingo! SEES TONY.
speaker_heading: TONY'S FACE
text: Not wanting to be seen but frozen in place.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN'S FACE
text: Not wanting to be seen, but frozen in place.
text: They each stare bug eyed at each other. Then she jumps off
text: the stage and races off.
text: Tony goes out the front way.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR DOOR OF HELL'S HALF ACRE
text: Vivian emerges in a bathrobe and slippers. Slams the
text: door behind her, grasps the wall and closes her eyes.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Shit.
scene_heading: 138. EXT. FRONT DOOR OF HELL’S HALF ACRE DAYLIGHT
text: Tony emerges, looks confused.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Shit.
dialog: 84
text: The bouncer stares at him.
text: THE REAR OF THE BUILDING
text: where Vivian is trying to calm down. She furtively looks
text: over her shoulder out toward--
scene_heading: THE PARKING LOT
text: where she stares ahead at—
speaker_heading: JOYCE'S JEEP
text: Vivian's eyes: filled with suspicion. She walks to the car.
text: Opens the door and then the glove compartment.
text: The handcuffs fall out. So does a cell phone.
speaker_heading: TONY
text: watches Vivian discover the jeep. Fear in his eyes. He
text: briefly looks like he might flee. But this is not an
text: option. After squirming a little, he heads toward her.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Uh. Hi.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN (furious)
dialog: What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Yeah, well, guess I could ask
dialog: the same question.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Does my mother know you have her car?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Does she know you’re a stripper?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Give me the key.
dialog: (pause, then)
dialog: Do you even have it?
dialog: (pause, then)
dialog: You don’t have it.
dialog: (a smile now)
dialog: You stole my mother’s car! Didn't you?
dialog: Oh, you loser!
text: Tony’s eyes: real fear. She takes the cell phone and
text: dials 911.
dialog: 85
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I really think before you do anything
dialog: we should talk.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: About what? Economic theory?
dialog: (into cell)
dialog: Hello, I’d like to report a stolen
dialog: car. Yeah, I can hold.
dialog: (and then)
dialog: J-A-I-L, here he comes!
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I thought you went to college.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Who says I don’t go to college?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: What's this, your part-time gig?
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: I don’t have to tell you anything.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: So you do go to college?
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: I do? I mean—yes!I do but...shit,
dialog: why are you even here?
speaker_heading: TONY (the matchbook)
dialog: Cause I found this in the garage.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Shit! Well, so what? My parents
dialog: aren’t gonna listen to anything you
dialog: have to say once they find out you
dialog: stole their car!
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hi, yes. My mother’s car was stolen.
dialog: License plate number is...
text: She doesn’t know it. She goes to the back of the car.
text: But Tony runs to the back of the car and stands in front
text: of the plate as Vivian tries to read it.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Hold on!
text: She runs to the front of the car. But Tony sprints
text: there first and once again obscures the license plate
dialog: 86
text: with his body. In frustration, she turns to run to the back
dialog: again but—
speaker_heading: SHE TRIPS
text: falling on her face and sending the cell phone skidding
text: across the asphalt.
text: and grabs it.
text: Tony makes a diving leap for the phone
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: GIVE ME THAT!
speaker_heading: TONY
speaker_heading: CALM DOWN!
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: YOU STOLE MY MOTHERS CAR!
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: AND YOU'RE A STRIPPER!
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
text: STRIPPING ISN’T AGAINST THE LAW!
speaker_heading: TONY
text: DOES THAT MEAN IT’S OKAY FOR ME TO TELL
dialog: YOUR PARENTS ‘BOUT WHAT YOU DO?
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: DON'T YOU DARE! LOSER!
speaker_heading: TONY
speaker_heading: BITCH!
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
speaker_heading: JAILBIRD!
speaker_heading: TONY
speaker_heading: HOOKER!
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
text: DON'T CALL ME THAT! I’M NOT A HOOKER.
speaker_heading: TONY
text: SHOWIN’ YOUR TITS FOR MONEY, WHAT'S
dialog: THAT CALLED? LIBRARIAN?
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
text: I GOT SUSPENDED FROM SCHOOL AND LOST
text: MY SCHOLARSHIP! IT’S JUST SO I CAN
text: MAKE ENOUGH MONEY TO GO BACK AND NOT
text: HAVE TO TELL MY PARENTS WHAT HAPPENED!
dialog: 87
dialog: TONY (laughing at this)
dialog: AND I’M A LOSER, HUH?
text: She hits Tony hard on his face. This stops him.
speaker_heading: TONY STANDS
text: throwing her to the ground. Beat.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Oh, the hell with all of you.
text: HE THROWS THE CELL PHONE
text: across traffic and the highway. Vivian looks stunned as Tony
text: marches to the car. He grabs the handcuffs, cuffs one end to
text: himself and the other end to Vivian’s arm.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I’m taking your mom’s car back with
dialog: you in it-—so you know I really
dialog: delivered. And only you know I
dialog: took it and only I know you work
dialog: here. That’s the deal forever. Un-
dialog: less one of us blows it.
dialog: (then)
dialog: That’s how it works where I’ve been and
dialog: that’s how it’s gonna work with you and
dialog: me. Got it, Vivian?
text: She gets it. But she looks at the handcuffs.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Take these off.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Sorry. But your behavior towards me
dialog: in the past few days hasn’t exactly
dialog: earned my trust.
text: Vivian's hostile glare at Tony is mixed with something else;
text: the guilty knowledge that he’s right.
scene_heading: 139. INT. JEEP DRIVING DAYLIGHT
text: Tony drives with his un-handcuffed hand. Hostile silence.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Why did my father bring you home?
dialog: 88
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I have no idea.
text: Hostile silence. Then—
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: What was goin’ on with you and my mom?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Nothing.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Are you gonna tell them that I’m a—
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I gave you my word, didn’t I? My word
dialog: is my word. Which is something you and
dialog: your jerkoff family probably never
dialog: heard of. Bunch of lyin’ psychos.
text: Tony is finished. He stares ahead at the road. Vivian
text: doesn’t react overtly.
text: But in the mirror we see that her eyes are welling up.
scene_heading: 140. EXT. RIZZO HOUSE NIGHT
text: The Rambler pulls up. Vince and Molly get out. Molly looks
text: at the little clapboard house and smiles.
text: But Vince notices the empty parking space, the lack of Jeep.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: What the hell?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: She ain’t home. Maybe she went out for
dialog: some food.
text: They mount the stairs and enter the house.
scene_heading: 141. INT. HOUSE
text: Vince and Molly in the living room. Vince unpacks his
text: pockets of keys, change. Molly sits on the couch.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Now I’m thinkin’, when she comes
dialog: in I’m gonna say: "Joyce, it’s
dialog: time we had a talk.”
dialog: 89
scene_heading: 142. RIZZO BEDROOM
text: Joyce is lying in bed. She hears Vince’s voice, gets up from
text: the bed and heads for the
scene_heading: 143. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY
text: Where she sees Vince and Molly from the top of the stairs.
text: She looks puzzled. They cannot see her.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Vincent, darling, it’s the wrong way.
dialog: Women—they feel challenged by too much
dialog: honesty too quickly.
dialog: Joyce's face: what the hell?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Trust me, twenty-years I’ve been
dialog: with her. I know what I’m talkin’
dialog: about—
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Vincent, darling, thirty years I've
dialog: been a woman. Let me handle her. We
text: begin casually. No mention at all
dialog: of anything unusual going on. Before she
dialog: can even think to ask what I’m doing
dialog: here, she’ll be thanking me for having
dialog: come into your life.
text: Joyce's face: enough is enough. Slowly she walks down the
text: stairs. Molly sees her first. Looks puzzled. Motions to
text: Vince who turns.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Hey, you’re home!
text: Joyce nods, face blank with shock and outrage.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Yeah, Vince, I’m home. Where I live.
dialog: (looks at Molly)
dialog: Who's this?
text: Molly stands and extends an arm.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Molly Charlesworth. A pleasure!
text: Joyce doesn’t take her hand. Uncomfortable pause. Molly
text: withdraws it and looks at Vince.
dialog: 90
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Molly here..well, we got somethin’
dialog: to tell you.
dialog: (flustered—to Molly)
dialog: Go ahead.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I got something to tell you, Vince.
speaker_heading: VINCE (eyes narrow)
dialog: Oh yeah? Well, what we got to tell is
dialog: really very important here.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Oh really? Well what I got to tell
dialog: is pretty important too.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Well..is it more important or less
dialog: important than what we gotta tell?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: How would I know that Vince? I don’t
dialog: know what you have to tell me.
dialog: Beat. She has led him successfully down the path of total
text: incomprehension.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (helpfully)
dialog: May I say--
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Don’t say a word, bitch.
text: Gasp. Molly looks astounded. Vince looks astounded. Joyce
text: is calm with righteousness. But the pot has begun to boil.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Joyce! What the—
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Prick! Into my house you bring her, huh?
dialog: Into my own house where I raised your
dialog: two children you bring this.. thing of
dialog: yours. Well lemme tell you Vince, I’m
dialog: gonna do you a big favor. I’m gonna put
dialog: both of you outta your misery here.
dialog: I’m not gonna be insulted in my own
dialog: house. I want you gone, Vince. Out of my
dialog: life! No more running around behind my
dialog: back. No more cheap, dirty lies! No more
text: lying in bed wondering who else has been
dialog: touching my husband. No more lying
dialog: to myself that it doesn’t matter.
dialog: 91
dialog: I found passion today, Vince, and
dialog: it felt great. I was touched and
text: kissed and held and it felt like
dialog: you haven't made me feel in years!
text: Molly and Vince are watching the monologue, mouths agape.
dialog: Long beat.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: What are you talkin’ here?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I’m talking about Tony!
dialog: Big beat.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: You did somethin’..with Tony?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: More than “something”, Vince!
text: Vince's eyes: thunderstruck. He suddenly rushes off into
text: the kitchen. The sound of him wretching over the sink.
text: Joyce looks perplexed. Molly doesn’t. She knows what’s
dialog: wrong.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Oh dear. Greek in scope...
dialog: Just then—
text: JOYCE SEES THE JEEP THROUGH THE WINDOW
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: That’s my car!
text: Joyce watches as Tony and Vivian mount the stairs, still
text: hand-cuffed to each other.
speaker_heading: VINCE
text: stumbles back into the room, dabbing his face with a wet
text: cloth. What he sees is:
scene_heading: TONY AND VIVIAN HANDCUFFED TOGETHER
text: And she’s in a robe.
speaker_heading: VINCE'S FACE
text: Veins are popping. The thought that Tony has had both his
text: wife and daughter is too much. He grabs a BUTCHER KNIFE AND
scene_heading: CHARGES TONY.
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: VINCE
text: AGGGGGHHHHHH! !!
text: Everyone screams. Vince lunges for Tony. Tony jumps out of
text: the way, dragging Vivian with him.
text: Vince lands on the floor in front of the door. Joyce
text: grabs the handcuffs, trying to keep them from running.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Vince—get the key!
text: Vince gets up, fumbles in his pockets and pulls out his
text: keys. Hands them to Joyce and wields the knife at Tony who
text: looks terrified. Joyce unlocks Vivian who runs across the
text: room. Tony shoves Vince away and dashes for the back door,
text: handcuffs dangling from his wrist.
scene_heading: 144. EXT. RIZZO BACKYARD NIGHT
text: As Tony jumps out, Vince comes after him with the knife.
speaker_heading: * VINCE
dialog: You sonavabitch bastard—you better run!
dialog: I’m gonna kill ya!! I’m gonna kill ya!!
scene_heading: 145. INT. DENISE’S HOUSE NIGHT
text: Vince Jr., Cheryl and Denise are eating M&M’s and watching
text: TV. Vince’s voice pierces the walls.
text: Vince Jr. sits up.
speaker_heading: VINCE JR.
dialog: Dad?
text: Concerned looks. He gets up and goes to the window. Denise
text: and Cheryl follow. They look—
text: THROUGH THE WINDOW
scene_heading: 146. EXT. RIZZO BACKYARD NIGHT
text: Vince has Tony trapped by the garage.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: You piece of shit—you screwed my
dialog: wife? My daughter? Who was next,
dialog: my son?
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I didn’t screw nobody!
dialog: 93
text: ON THE BACK PORCH
text: Molly, Joyce and Vivian stare at the scene.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: He didn’t screw nobody!
text: (then—looks at Joyce)
dialog: Did he?
text: Joyce, stymied by the goings-ons, can’t answer.
scene_heading: VINCE AND TONY
text: Vince is wielding the knife, trying to trap Tony who's
text: dodging and feinting for his life.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Put it down, man, put it down!
dialog: You're making a huge mistake!
speaker_heading: VINCE
text: AGGGGGHHHH!!!
text: HE HURLS THE BUTCHER KNIFE
text: It sails over the fence, cleaning missing Tony and
text: disappearing from sight.
speaker_heading: VINCE JR.
dialog: Jeez, Dad. Pretty lame.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: There. No more knives, okay?
dialog: (he approaches Vince)
dialog: Peace. Okay? I don’t know what
dialog: you think happened here—but
dialog: peace. Okay, Vince? Then we'll
dialog: talk.
text: He’s holding his hands out like a suspect apprehended.
text: The handcuffs dangle from his wrist.
speaker_heading: VINCE (pause, then)
dialog: Okay peace.
text: Vince holds up his hands in mimicry of Tony. Then—
scene_heading: VINCE GRABS THE HANDCUFF
text: And yanks Tony to the ground.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Leave him alone, Vince!
dialog: 94
text: Tony howls in pain as Vince, in expert prison guard mode,
text: subdues him, twists his wrist and drags him across the
text: cement yard. He attaches the other end of the handcuff to
text: the wooden deck.
text: Then he runs to the garage, grabs the other pair of
text: handcuffs and chains Tony’s leg.
text: Tony is now chained, on all fours, like a wild animal.
text: Vince whacks him across the face.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Stop it!
text: VINCE (whacks him again)
dialog: Bastard!
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Leave me alone!
text: As Vince winds up to whack him again—
speaker_heading: JOYCE
text: Is moved to action. She jumps off the back porch and
text: throws her tiny frame onto Vince’s back. Pounds him
text: with her fists.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Stop it, Vince! He didn’t do nothing!
text: Vince spins around, trying to get Joyce off his
text: back but she stays attached.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: What about your Goddam passion and all
dialog: that crap?
text: The two of the them are now arguing while she rides
text: piggy back on him.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: So what about yours, Vince? Your
dialog: Molly Ringwald over there who's
dialog: gonna take care of everything
dialog: for you and who I’m supposed
dialog: to thank for “being in your
dialog: life”. You bring your filthy
dialog: girlfriend into my house—
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: She’s not my girlfriend!
text: Joyce looks up at Molly who, appalled, shakes her head.
dialog: 95
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: I’m his manager.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: His what?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: For the Scorsese movie with De Niro.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: What De Niro movie?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: That’s what I was trying to tell
dialog: you! I’m gonna be in a Robert
dialog: De Niro movie directed by Martin
dialog: Scorsese!
text: Beat. All look at each other, puzzled.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: What kind of bullshit is that?
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: Actually, he hasn't been signed
dialog: yet. But he auditioned today
dialog: and apparently made quite an
dialog: impression. They’ve called him back.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: You auditioned for a movie today?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Yeah and Molly here—well..she sorta...
dialog: (pause, sigh, what the hell)
dialog: she’s a friend of mine. We’re in
dialog: acting class together. She told me
dialog: to go this audition here so I went.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Acting class? When do you go
dialog: to acting class?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: WHEN I PLAY POKER!
dialog: Pause. Nobody can figure this out.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: It’s a ruse, you see. He didn’t
dialog: want you to know because Vincent
dialog: has feelings of shame and inferi-
dialog: ority about his ambitions.
dialog: 96
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Is this just a lot of crap?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: No, it’s the truth. And I wanted to
dialog: tell you about it but I knew
dialog: you'd be mad about lying to you
dialog: about the class so Molly here said
dialog: she’d come along and..pretend to
dialog: be my manager!
text: Joyce dismounts Vince. Stares at him. He stares back
text: at her. So much frustration, jealousy, and sheer anger.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I don’t believe you.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: You know what honey? I don’t give a
dialog: shit! In fact, I don’t give two shits!
dialog: You don’t believe me? Fine with me. You
dialog: got a few things to answer for yourself,
dialog: here.
dialog: (he looks at Tony)
dialog: What's goin’ on here?
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Nothing, I was just..I was..just..
dialog: (feels scared)
dialog: You're leaving me..for her. Aren't you?
text: She nods to Molly. Vivian looks at Molly as if for the first
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Oh come on. Dad couldn’t get her!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: You keep your mouth shut, little
dialog: girl. What are you doin’ running
dialog: around with that animal in your
dialog: robe there?
dialog: Pause. From the ground:
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Tell him.
dialog: (looks up at Vivian)
dialog: Tell him!
text: She shakes her head, nervously.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: I was back at school and I—
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Tell him the truth! You're all
dialog: so sick, just tell each other
dialog: the Goddam truth!
text: Joyce and Vince staring at their daughter. Tony looks as
text: well. He and Vivian lock eyes. It’s clear she won’t give
dialog: first so-
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: I stole your car. You hear me? I
dialog: boosted your Goddam car so I could
dialog: take off and get away from all your
dialog: crap! I couldn’t live here
dialog: another thirty days if my life depended
dialog: on it. And if you want to send my
dialog: ass back to the cage, be my guest!
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: You stole the car?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: What's that got to do with her?
text: Tony stares at Vivian, who looks back at him. Beat. She
text: realizes it’s her turn now.
text: Tension: Vince is preparing to whack Tony again. Vivian
text: must come clean or he will be hurt! As Tony stars at her—
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: I'm.a strrr..a strr..stripper.
text: JOYCE (as if she misheard her)
dialog: A what?
dialog: (and then)
dialog: Oh my God. You’re a what?
speaker_heading: TONY
text: She's a stripper! She takes her clothes
dialog: off for money! Okay?
text: Vince and Joyce can’t believe what they’re hearing.
text: So each chooses not to believe it.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: She is not!
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: You lying piece of shit!
text: He whacks Tony hard. Vivian can’t take it. As Vince
text: winds up to whack him again—
dialog: 98
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Stop it, dad-it’s true!
text: Big beat. Vince looks at his daughter. His eyes
text: go to her chest.
text: So do Joyce’s eyes.
text: So do Tony’s eyes.
text: Vivian tries to make her chest look smaller. Stares
text: back defiantly.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: I paid for them myself! All right?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: No. No, you go to school, honey. You
dialog: got that scholarship—
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: They took it away.
dialog: (and then)
dialog: I can re-apply next year but no more
dialog: scholarship. I gotta pay for it myself.
dialog: And I’m gonna.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Why'd they take it away?
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Because my friend..because this guy
dialog: I know...
dialog: (pause, finally)
dialog: Because I screwed up. Me. I screwed
dialog: up and got caught with..pot in my room.
dialog: “Pot.” That is such a stupid little
dialog: word.
text: Long pause. The family stares at each other.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: They kicked you outta school and took
dialog: away your scholarship over an ounce?
dialog: Jeez. When I was at Oneonta, I couldn’t
dialog: get back into my dorm after a weekend
dialog: unless I was carrying an ounce!
text: Vivian and her mother lock eyes. She sees at once that her
dialog: mother would have been her best friend if she’d let her.
dialog: Tears well up!
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Oh, mom, I’m such a screw-up!
speaker_heading: VINCE (not as moved)
dialog: Wait a minute, here! What about this
dialog: stealing my car? You know I could
dialog: have you back inside in about ten
dialog: minutes if I want to--
speaker_heading: TONY (at Vince)
dialog: Fine, do it. At least everyone's
dialog: honest. You’re so scared of your wife
dialog: you don’t even smoke in front of her!
speaker_heading: JOYCE (looks up)
dialog: Vince—you smokin’?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: No, I quit!
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Liar! And you got your wife thinking
dialog: you gotta girlfriend cause you're
dialog: too scared to tell her you want to
dialog: go to acting class.
dialog: (and then)
dialog: And the whole time, you got some
dialog: weird agenda with me and you
dialog: won't tell me what it is! Why’d you
dialog: get me outta prison? Why’d you bring
dialog: me here?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I told you-I was a friend of your
dialog: mothers!
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: My mother never had a friend so good
dialog: they'd do me a right turn! Everybody
dialog: hated her! She’s a whore and a bitch
dialog: and if she put you up to getting me out—
speaker_heading: VINCE (raging)
text: SHE DIDN'T PUT ME UP TO NOTHING!
text: NOBODY PUTS ME UP TO NOTHING, LEAST OF
text: ALL YOUR MOTHER! SHE WAS A GODDAM PSYCHO
text: BITCH WHICH IS WHY I WALKED OUT
dialog: ON HER BEFORE YOU WERE BORN!
text: There it is! Tony and Vince stare at each other, each
text: mutually shocked at what’s now out in the open.
text: Molly is wide eyed.
dialog: 100
text: Joyce tries to take this in.
text: Vivian stands, frozen, staring at Tony.
text: Tony is hyperventilating, on all fours.
text: So is Vince, standing over him.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Are...are...you..my...father?
text: Big beat. Quietly, as befits the moment—
speaker_heading: VINCE (nods)
dialog: Yeah, Tony. I’m your..father.
text: Holding back tears as he says it. Tony holding back tears
text: as he hears it.
text: Joyce looks shocked.
speaker_heading: JOYCE (sotto)
dialog: Oh my God.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN
dialog: Mom?
text: Joyce shakes her head.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Nothing.
text: Said like: close call. Vince turns and stares at her.
text: His eyes are pleading for an answer that won’t kill
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Honey..what happened here?
text: Meaning Tony. Her eyes plead forgiveness back.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: Nothing, Sweetie.
text: (and then, looking at Tony)
dialog: Your son was a perfect gentleman.
text: Tony’s eyes meet Joyce’s: they know what they each shared
dialog: and why their day together was ultimately a success.
dialog: JOYCE (back at Vince)
dialog: Anyway, how long you known about this
dialog: guy?
dialog: 101
text: Meaning Tony. Vince looks at her. Shrugs through his
dialog: emotion.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: I meant to tell you the whole thing,
dialog: sweetie. Years ago. Really. There’s so
dialog: much I been wanting to tell you. It
dialog: just..never seems like the right time...
text: Tears forming in their eyes.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: I thought you were just..sick of me.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Sick? No. Scared of you maybe but
dialog: not sick of you. You’re..you’re..
text: He looks around. Sees Molly. She pantomimes BREATHING
text: DEEPLY. Vince remembers.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: You're the air that I breathe.
text: They embrace each other. Oh, how they embrace. Like two
text: people who are so happy to have each other back.
text: Molly watches Vince and Joyce. Something in this
text: moment is affecting her as well. Very gradually—
text: MOLLY BACKS AWAY INTO THE HOUSE
text: Her face: she is done here.
scene_heading: 147. EXT. FRONT PORCH OF RIZZO HOUSE NIGHT
text: Molly exits. Looks down the little City Island street.
text: As the song continues, we watch Molly walk alone into
text: the encroaching evening.
scene_heading: 148. EXT. RIZZO BACKYARD NIGHT
text: Joyce and Vince hugging each other.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: Will somebody please unlock me?
text: Vince turns and stares at his son. Tony stares up at his
dialog: father.
text: Long beat. Tony stares at his father. A tear glistens
text: in his eye.
text: Vince unlocks Tony. Tony stands. A long look between the
text: two-—wordless, but filled with apology and a never-ending
dialog: 102
dialog: sense of how weird life can be.
text: And then Tony and Vince hug each other. Vince grabs Joyce.
text: And even Tony and Vivian grab each other.
speaker_heading: VIVIAN (amazed)
dialog: You're my brother! No wonder I...I..
dialog: (searching, then)
dialog: I hate you so much!
dialog: At that moment—
scene_heading: DENISE’S WINDOW OPENS UP
text: Vince Jr. stands there. As Cheryl and Denise looks on-
speaker_heading: VINCE JR. (pleased)
dialog: You were right mom. Dad did
dialog: have sex with Tony’s mom!
text: Joyce looks at her son. Long beat. Then—she starts to laugh.
text: The more she tries to stop laughing the more she cries!
text: Vince watches this. His tears start to mix with his
dialog: laughter.
text: That odd mixture again. He cries and laughs onto Joyce’s
dialog: shoulder.
text: Now the whole family is laughing and crying together,
text: as the sun sets over the Bronx.
scene_heading: 149. EXT. PORT AUTHORITY BUS TERMINAL MORNING
text: The sun just breaking. A bus pulls out of the terminal
text: gates. In a window of the bus we see—
speaker_heading: MOLLY
text: Sitting, watching as Manhattan recedes from view, the
text: sun breaking over the city.
scene_heading: 150. INT. MALAKOV ACTING STUDIO
text: Class is being held.
text: The stage is empty. Michael Malakov says:
speaker_heading: MALAKOV
dialog: Molly Charlesworth.
speaker_heading: VINCE (pause, then)
dialog: She’s not here.
dialog: 103
text: Malakov turns to Vince.
speaker_heading: MALAKOV
dialog: Was she your partner?
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Uh, yeah. She left town, I think.
speaker_heading: MALAKOV (shrugs)
dialog: Hm. Well, class, you now have one less
dialog: actor in New York City to worry about
dialog: stealing your role.
text: People applaud sarcastically. But not Vince.
speaker_heading: MALAKOV (cont. )
dialog: Vince? You ready?
text: Vince stands and walks to the stage...
text: He looks out at the faces in the audience. Seems calm and
text: sure of himself. And, after taking a pause, he begins.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: You asked me my worst secret. My most
dialog: personal secret. The secret of all my
dialog: secrets. I get it.
dialog: (pause, then)
dialog: But first..I’m Vince Rizzo and I want to begin
dialog: by telling you about where I live.
text: Now we realize that the opening monologue was, in fact, a
text: flashback from this point. Joyce Rizzo stands at the back of
text: the class. Looking at her husband with a different set of
text: eyes.
scene_heading: 151. EXT. STREET CORNER DAY
text: Vince exits a deli with three friends. They all bid each
text: other a casual farewell. As Vince walks away—
text: THE SOUND OF A GUN GOING OFF
text: Vince looking scared. Bullets are in the air. And THREE
text: BULLETS STRIKE VINCE.
text: He collapses on the sidewalk, blood pouring from his
text: stomach, the look of unexpected death filling his eyes.
dialog: A very long pause. During which we, in the audience, might
dialog: well be thinking: what the hell just happened to this
dialog: movie?
dialog: 104
scene_heading: 152. EXT. RIZZO BACKYARD DAY
text: A yard party in progress. The whole Rizzo family-Joyce,
scene_heading: Vivian, Vince Jr. and Tony. EVERYONE EXCEPT VINCE.
text: Joyce raises a glass of red wine in a solemn toast.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: To my husband.
scene_heading: 153. EXT. STREET CORNER DAY
text: Vince, still lying on the street “dead”, blood pouring from
text: him. Finally he hears—
speaker_heading: SCORSESE'’S VOICE
dialog: Cut. Great! Thanks, everyone.
text: Vince opens an eye. He’s helped up by some of the crew. His
text: moment on screen—getting murdered by Martin Scorcese—is
dialog: over.
text: Costume and props and assistants help him up, clean him,
text: congratulate him. He looks proud. Vince is now a working
dialog: actor.
scene_heading: 154. EXT. RIZZO BACKYARD DAY
text: Joyce, continuing her toast. A smile now appearing on her
dialog: lips.
speaker_heading: JOYCE
dialog: To my husband. The best actor in City Island.
text: Now we see Vince, standing at the barbeque. He smiles at
text: Joyce. Then Tony steps up with his toast.
speaker_heading: TONY
dialog: To my father. The only actor in
dialog: City Island.
text: He smiles at the man who is his dad. And his dad smiles back
text: at his boy.
speaker_heading: VINCE (V.0)
text: Somehow, with Tony’s appearance a lot of
dialog: good things happened. I shoulda looked for
dialog: him years ago.
text: Everyone seated at the picnic table. Behind them the
text: view of the water. New York City in the distance, clear
text: as a friggin’ bell.
dialog: The food is on
dialog: heads.
dialog: 105
speaker_heading: VINCE (V.O.)
dialog: Every busy city needs an island of peace.
dialog: Just as every busy soul needs a place of
dialog: repose. Before, City Island was the place
dialog: where I hid from my own life.
dialog: (and then)
dialog: Now it’s home. For everyone. What else you
dialog: need?
text: the plates. Grace time. Everyone bows their
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: Yeah. We thank you for this meal here...
dialog: And to show our faith and unity...
text: a moment of silence.
text: As Vince says Grace, we see their faces. Vince. Joyce.
dialog: Vivian. Vince Jr. Tony.
text: Vince and Joyce look at each other. This is their bond.
dialog: This is their life.
speaker_heading: VINCE
dialog: All right. Let’s eat!
text: The Rizzo family starts passing the food. The water in the
dialog: background and
dialog: the distance.
text: the forever majestic skyline of Manhattan in
dialog: Ain't life grand?
dialog: 
