dialog: 
speaker_heading: CLIFFHANGER
dialog: Written by
dialog: Michael France
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN RANGE - HELICOPTER SHOT - DAY
text: An unparalleled set of sheer mountains -- part of the Colorado
text: Rockies. The peaks rise a challenging half mile and more out
text: of the valley -- wind-whipped snow mists over the mountains
text: like a low fog. The tranquility is broken as a helicopter
text: BLASTS into view, fighting the wind as it heads for the center
dialog: of it all.
text: Our CREDITS fly us past and through this magnificent range.
text: There are sky-piercing peaks that slope up to a narrow, high
text: pinnacle -- and others that are steel, straight-up approaches
text: to large plateaus. One of the mountains has a crystal lake on
text: top -- with a waterfall that drains from it and exits from the
text: middle of a mountain wall. Nearby, an abandoned cable ladder
text: is bolted into the same wall, leading to the top.
text: BACK IN THE HELICOPTER
text: We can see a man sitting in its doorway, looking out --
scene_heading: INT/EXT HELICOPTER - BINOCULAR POV
text: The glasses scan systematically, slowly -- to us, it looks
text: like nothing more than a field of gray and white.
speaker_heading: FRANK (O.S.)
dialog: Nothing yet.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MOUNTAINS - LONG SHOT
text: The helicopter now circles this tallest mountain -- "The
text: Tower", separated from a lower but equally formidable peak by
text: a chasm of two hundred feet -- that drops 3,500 feet below.
scene_heading: INSIDE HELICOPTER - FRANK AND MAGGIE
text: Spotter FRANK NEWELL (50s) scans the mountain wall. MAGGIE
text: DEIGHAN (30s) expertly pilots the helicopter through the storm
text: winds. Both wear orange jackets identifying themselves as
text: members of the Rocky Mountain Park Rescue Team.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Wait a minute -- there's Hal.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And his date.
scene_heading: BINOCULAR POV - A LEDGE
text: that's part of the smaller peak. HAL TUCKER (30s) and his
text: "date", SUSAN COLLINS (20s), are decked out in climbing gear.
text: Hal's aplomb suggests he's a veteran climber -- Susan's
text: worried look shows she isn't. Hal and Susan huddle together,
text: both cold, but okay. Hal has a makeshift splint wrapped
text: around his lower leg, and a slow burning flare in one hand.
scene_heading: INSIDE HELICOPTER
text: Frank lowers his glasses -- Maggie struggles with the wind.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: How do they look?
scene_heading: BINOCULAR POV - HAL AND SUSAN
text: Hal, now aware of the copter, looks towards it, smiling -- and
text: starts jerking off the flare.
speaker_heading: FRANK (O.S.)
dialog: He's signalling "okay."
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (O.S.)
dialog: Where's Gabe?
text: The POV dips down -- there's somebody climbing below, in an
text: orange rescue jacket.
speaker_heading: FRANK (O.S.)
text: Right where he's supposed to be.
scene_heading: CLOSER ON THE CLIMBER
text: This is GABE WALKER (30s). In spite of the cold and the snow,
text: he's fearlessly, swiftly scaling the tower without safety
text: lines, as if he's done it a hundred times. That's because he
dialog: has done it a hundred times. This is what Gabe lives for.
text: ON THE LEDGE
text: Gabe, almost there, finds a fingertip-width handhold at arm's
text: length -- grabbing it, he pulls himself up on the ledge with a
dialog: move that's just a little tougher than chinning yourself on a
text: doorjamb. Winded, Gabe slumps down next to the couple, and
text: tries to light a cigarette. The lighter only sparks.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Excuse me -- I know you're my
dialog: salvation, and all -- do you think you
dialog: could rescue us before your smoke
dialog: break?
text: Hal pulls out a box of wooden matches and lights one Bogart
text: style, one-handed with a thumbnail, cupping a hand to shield
text: it against the wind. Gabe bends down for it -- a familiar
dialog: routine. We know in a glance they've been friends for years.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Maybe you could tell me why I am
dialog: rescuing you.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Basically -- I've fallen down, and I
dialog: can't get up...
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Rescue One -- have located helpless
dialog: climber, please prepare idiot line
dialog: for transport, over --
text: THE HELICOPTER dips down towards the ledge -- no way can it
text: land there. Frank lowers a rescue wire to
speaker_heading: GABE
text: who precariously swings out from the ledge to grab it -- the
text: wire is just out of reach. Hal grabs the radio.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Rescue One -- please remind me to tell
dialog: you about the time I hauled your hero
dialog: here down Mt. Huntington on my back,
dialog: over --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (O.S.)
dialog: (through radio)
dialog: Hal, if I hear that story one more
dialog: time, I'm making you limp down the
dialog: entire three thousand feet, over --
text: Gabe finally grabs the line, secures it to a heavy piton, and
text: hammers it into the wall.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (to Susan)
dialog: This guy showing you a good time?
speaker_heading: THE HELICOPTER
text: swings over across to the facing mountain -- Maggie lands the
text: copter, in spite of the winds, on a small plateau. Frank gets
text: out to secure the wire -- there's now a lifeline spanning the
dialog: chasm.
text: ON THE LEDGE
text: Gabe finishes anchoring the line in the rock -- he
text: extinguishes his cigarette in the snow, and naturally, pockets
text: the butt. Hal, propped up against the wall, expertly rigs a
text: seat harness around his legs -- Susan helps him get part of it
text: around his splint, and Gabe clips it to the line.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Now, remember -- keep your arms and
text: legs within the vehicle at all
dialog: times --
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Fuck you --
text: With that, Hal pulls himself hand-over-hand across the sloping
text: line -- Hal makes a point of looking down --
scene_heading: HAL'S POV -- THE DROP
text: is vertigo defined. Thirty five hundred feet straight down.
dialog: You could stack the World Trade Center towers on top of each
dialog: other and they'd still be shorter than this mountain is high.
dialog: However --
speaker_heading: HAL
text: lets go of the overhead line and claps his hands to his face
text: in mock horror -- he quickly whizzes down the last thirty feet
text: of the line, where Frank catches him and pulls him out. Hal
text: gets out of the harness, checks every stitch of it, signals
text: thumbs-up, and sends it back.
speaker_heading: THE LEDGE
text: Gabe, retrieves the harness on a small attachment line, and
text: gives Susan a reassuring smile, but she's still, sensibly,
text: very scared. Gabe recovers the harness, rigs Susan into it,
text: and meticulously re-checks it.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Ready?
dialog: (sees she's afraid)
dialog: Did he tell you about the time he
dialog: almost made it up Everest?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: He said you gave him a bad oxygen mask
dialog: --
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Well, if he's bored you with that
dialog: bullshit, then this has to be the best
dialog: part of a bad date. Right?
text: Susan nervously laughs.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Ready?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: (scared but tough)
dialog: Okay --
text: Gabe starts to push her out on the line, but she grabs his arm
text: in a panic.
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: I can't --
text: Susan starts to tilt her head down -- Gabe gently takes hold
text: of her chin, turning her view up to face him.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Yes you can.
dialog: (reassuring)
dialog: You can do it. Don't look down. The
dialog: whole way across, don't look down.
dialog: Look at me. Just keep looking at me --
dialog: and you'll be okay.
text: Susan looks at Gabe -- trying to be confident -- nods.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Sure?
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I have always depended on the kindness
dialog: of Rangers.
text: Gabe grins and gently pushes her out. Susan tentatively pulls
text: herself across -- then develops a rhythm, building speed --
speaker_heading: GABE'S POV - SUSAN
text: inching away in the harness, looking more confident now --
speaker_heading: SUSAN'S POV - GABE
dialog: signalling "OK" -- "you're doing fine" --
scene_heading: SUSAN - ANOTHER ANGLE
text: thirty feet out, going fine --
scene_heading: INSERT -- A HARNESS CLIP
text: holding the strap under Susan's left leg breaks --
speaker_heading: GABE'S POV - SUSAN
text: The harness completely unravels all at once, its strands
text: shoot through the clips -- what was a seat has become a trap
text: door in half a second -- as the harness shoots out from under
text: her, Susan falls but grabs the harness strand --
speaker_heading: HAL
text: is helpless, and can only watch as
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: too scared to breathe, dangles on the remaining strand of what
text: used to be the harness -- she sways from the wind and the jerk
text: of her own weight, her grip loosens --
scene_heading: INSERT - THE TOP CLIP
text: that is supporting all of Susan's weight is being seriously
text: tested -- a single knot in the harness has caught there, but
dialog: it clearly won't last long --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: moves back from the ledge.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (loud, in control)
dialog: Hold on. I'm coming out to get you.
text: Gabe gently pulls himself up on the line, crosses his ankles
text: on it, and clips himself on with a three foot safety line.
text: Gabe starts smoothly, quickly pulling himself out, but --
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: is in trouble -- the bobbing of the line from Gabe's weight
text: and the winds are making her lose her grip even more --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: urgently pulls himself along the line faster, trying not to
text: shake the line. As he gets closer and closer to a terrified
text: Susan, his eyes lock on hers --
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Keep looking at me. Hold on --
speaker_heading: WIDER ANGLE
text: Gabe is only ten feet away from --
speaker_heading: SUSAN
text: who stares at Gabe, petrified -- this focus is helping, but
dialog: her strength is just about gone --
scene_heading: INSERT - THE CLIP
text: The knot has worked itself halfway through -- it doesn't make
text: any difference how tight she holds on to the harness, the
dialog: harness itself is letting go --
speaker_heading: ON GABE
text: who knows it and pulls himself the rest of the way, a little
text: faster, almost bridging the gap --
speaker_heading: ON SUSAN
text: staring desperately at Gabe, holding on --
scene_heading: INSERT - THE TOP CLIP
text: that's keeping Susan alive surrenders the knot -- it passes
dialog: through, and
speaker_heading: SUSAN
dialog: falls --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: deliberately lets go of the main line and launches himself
dialog: at Susan --
speaker_heading: THEIR HANDS
dialog: miss --
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BOTH
text: Gabe's three foot safety line pulls taut, testing the limits
text: of the line above as it yanks him back --
speaker_heading: GABE'S POV - SUSAN
text: is just out of reach -- her hand is still stretched out, her
text: eyes still locked on
speaker_heading: GABE
text: who can only look down, swaying helplessly on the wire as
text: Susan's SCREAM starts --
scene_heading: ON THE OPPOSITE SIDE
text: Frank and Maggie look down in horror, but neither look as
dialog: anguished as Hal --
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - SUSAN
text: falling -- falling -- falling -- looking very small against
dialog: the vast mountain range --
scene_heading: SUSAN'S POV - FALLING
dialog: from this height takes the longest nineteen seconds you can
dialog: imagine --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: twists from his safety line, spinning helplessly -- he wants
dialog: to, but can't, shut his eyes --
scene_heading: GABE'S POV - THE CHASM
text: Susan is gone. Her SCREAM, cut short, echoes -- the "safety"
text: harness spirals down after her like a carefree bird --
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT/EXT SMALL AIRLINER - GABE'S POV OUT WINDOW - DAY
text: As the plane dips to land, Gabe can see a bird circling far
text: below, over the same mountainous terrain.
scene_heading: INT. SMALL AIRLINER - GABE
text: sweating, panting, awake. It hasn't been that long since the
text: accident -- a year, to be exact -- but he looks older. He
text: looks as if he's watched Susan Collins drop at least one
text: hundred times. Gabe reels himself in as a STEWARDESS hands him
text: a glass of water.
speaker_heading: STEWARDESS
dialog: Take this.
dialog: (Gabe does)
dialog: Afraid of flying?
text: Gabe shakes his head.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Falling.
scene_heading: INT. TERMINAL - DAY
text: Gabe, with no luggage, is at the small airport's only car
text: rental counter, doing the paperwork for a RENTAL AGENT.
speaker_heading: RENTAL AGENT
dialog: Midsize?
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Any size, any color, any model.
speaker_heading: RENTAL AGENT
dialog: How long will you be needing it?
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (flat)
text: Just under six hours.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (O.S.)
dialog: You aren't wasting any time, are you?
text: Gabe turns and looks at
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
text: who is standing off to the side.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I knew you'd be coming by. Today.
text: Gabe's happy to see her -- but at the same time, he isn't.
text: She looks too good -- and she brings up quite a mixed bag of
text: memories. Maggie carves on a smile.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: If you're in that much of a hurry, why
dialog: don't you ride with me?
scene_heading: INT. RESCUE HELICOPTER - DAY
text: Maggie pilots the copter, heading out toward the mountain
text: range. Gabe fiddles with some of the equipment inside. Both
text: grope for a way to start the conversation.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: This is new...
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
text: It's a thermal scope -- picks up body
dialog: heat of lost hikers --
text: Gabe flicks it on, looks at the total absence of heat as they
text: fly over the snow.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Still find the dead ones the old
dialog: fashioned way, I guess.
text: So much for small talk. Gabe is clearly uneasy watching these
text: mountains go by. Maggie breaks an awkward silence --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: You could have said goodbye.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (shakes head)
dialog: If I did, I'd have to listen to you
dialog: tell me one more time that it wasn't
dialog: my fault.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Today -- especially today -- you get
text: to hear it again. The harness clip
dialog: broke. Cold stress -- one in a
dialog: million equipment failure. You and
dialog: Hal could have checked it from then
dialog: till now and it still would have
dialog: happened.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You did everything right --
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: -- If I did everything right, Susan
dialog: Collins would still be alive.
speaker_heading: THE HELICOPTER
text: whizzes on to the Ranger station -- a small building by an old
text: country road. Not much activity outside of some ROOKIE
text: CLIMBERS working out on a CLIMBING PRACTICE WALL. Maggie
text: starts to land the copter, and as she does --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE COPTER
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Do you really believe all that? That
dialog: it wasn't our fault?
text: Maggie slows the rotor, her eyes on the controls. Gabe's eyes
text: are locked on her.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (turns to Gabe)
dialog: Yes. Yes, I do.
text: But she answered a half beat too slow. The helicopter touches
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: I'm not sure what I wish more, Maggie.
dialog: That you meant what you said, just now
dialog: -- or that it were really true then.
scene_heading: EXT. RANGER STATION
text: Hal, wearing Sheriff's garb, storms towards Maggie's side of
text: the copter as the engine shuts off and the rotor dies.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Maggie, where the hell have you been?
dialog: I've got two climbers out --
text: Gabe gets out of the copter, and Hal sees him for the first
text: time. Unlike the last time we saw them, neither man is glad to
text: see the other. Hal turns on Maggie.
speaker_heading: HAL
text: Brett and Evan are up there again to
text: jump off the spur. Their wives called
dialog: twice. I want you in the air and I
dialog: want them found before the storm
text: system moves in.
dialog: (Maggie hesitates)
dialog: Now.
text: Maggie takes off as Gabe and Hal step away from the copter.
text: Gabe eyes Hal's uniform and almost -- not quite but almost --
text: laughs.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Christ. You're in charge of Rescue
dialog: now?
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: There was a vacancy. Maybe you heard
dialog: about it. The last guy lost his nerve
text: and lit out of town.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Well, you're a better man than I am,
dialog: Hal. Nothing rattles you.
text: The rookie climbers get off the practice wall to watch this
text: faceoff. Gabe and Hal are one crack away from beating hell out
text: of each other. Frank heads over to defuse the confrontation.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (steering Gabe away)
dialog: Gabe! Long time, son -- why don't you
dialog: come meet some of the new guys --
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Good idea. Say, Hal?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Why don't you come with me so we can
dialog: show these rookies how to death-rig a
dialog: woman properly?
text: That tears it -- Hal rushes Gabe and they pummel each other
text: until Frank and the others pull them apart, panting and
text: bleeding. Hal throws off the men holding him back -- but
text: instead of going at Gabe again, Hal throws Gabe a set of car
dialog: keys.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Take the Bronco to where you're going.
dialog: I've already been. Then go back to
dialog: wherever it is you like to hide. And
dialog: stay there.
text: Hal heads back into the office -- Gabe heads for the Bronco.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DENVER MINT - HIGH ANGLE - DAY
dialog: The Southwest regional center for printing and distributing
text: currency. Hundreds of troops stand guard over the impressive
text: U.S. Treasury complex.
scene_heading: INT. TREASURY COMPOUND - A HUGE PRINTING PRESS
text: is at work -- the ROAR of its parts is deafening as it stamps
text: out a plate design on huge sheets of paper -- we move in on
speaker_heading: THE PAPER
text: which is moved by mechanical arm to a SLICER that razors the
text: bills apart -- it's moving too fast for us to see the
dialog: denomination -- the cut bills are separated by --
scene_heading: FOUR SEPARATION CHUTES
text: that fire the bills down to a mechanical COUNTER that
text: serializes, counts, bands and stacks them faster than any
text: human could -- a HAND reaches to pick up a band --
speaker_heading: THE BILLS
dialog: are something a banker could work a lifetime without seeing,
dialog: but are real nonetheless -- $5,000 bills, banded here in
text: hundreds. The band is put back in the growing stack by
speaker_heading: RICHARD TRAVERS
text: mid-thirties, a tough, imposing Treasury agent -- he regards
text: the fortune piling up in front of him with only cold,
text: professional interest. Travers is flanked by a trio of equally
text: tough TREASURY AGENTS -- he turns to flunky DAVIS (20s). It's
dialog: clear who's in charge of protecting the money here, and who's
dialog: in charge of counting it.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Tell Wright the San Francisco shipment
dialog: is ready.
speaker_heading: DAVID
dialog: (phone already out)
text: Right away, Mr. Travers.
dialog: As Davis dials we move to --
speaker_heading: THE OFFICE
text: of WALTER WRIGHT (50s), comptroller of currency -- his
text: demeanor suggests he's in control, and used to keeping it that
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: WRIGHT
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Good -- good. I'll be right down.
text: As Wright gets up from his desk, though, we hear in the outer
dialog: office --
speaker_heading: SECRETARY (O.S.)
dialog: You can't go in there --
speaker_heading: MATHESON (O.S.)
dialog: Watch me.
text: KURT MATHESON (30s) bursts into the office, trailed by
text: Wright's flustered SECRETARY.
speaker_heading: MATHESON
dialog: Walter Wright?
dialog: (flashes badge)
dialog: Matheson. FBI. We need to talk.
scene_heading: PRINTING COMPOUND - THE MONEY
text: has now been packed into a trio of metal briefcases -- ten
text: thousand $5,000 bills. Travers shuts the cases in turn, and
text: locks each with an electronic key card, triggering a FLASHING
text: RED LIGHT on the locks as he does. A uniformed PILOT shows up
text: behind Travers as he cuffs the cases to the hands of the three
dialog: other agents.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: We'll be fueled and ready in ten
dialog: minutes, Mr. Travers.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (an order)
dialog: Be ready in five.
speaker_heading: MATHESON (O.S.)
dialog: Go ahead and take ten. We'll need the
dialog: time.
text: Travers looks up at Matheson, who has just arrived with
text: Wright. Travers is instantly furious at the challenge to his
dialog: authority.
speaker_heading: MATHESON
dialog: (flashes badge)
dialog: Matheson. FBI.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (looking down at it)
dialog: Your parents must be proud.
dialog: (to Wright)
dialog: What the fuck is this about?
speaker_heading: WRIGHT
dialog: Small problem with the shipment,
dialog: Travers.
dialog: (to Matheson)
dialog: Tell him what you just told me.
text: Matheson draws out a file and hands it to Travers.
speaker_heading: MATHESON
dialog: We got word that somebody's been
dialog: observing your currency shipments --
dialog: this load, the $5,000s -- over the
dialog: last three deliveries.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: There isn't a hell of a lot anyone can
dialog: do but observe.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This is the most protected shipment
dialog: we've got -- and the most useless for
dialog: a thief. Those bills aren't in
dialog: circulation. You think five thousand
dialog: dollar bills are easy to pass? Who the
dialog: fuck would try?
text: Matheson hands Travers a folder.
speaker_heading: MATHESON
dialog: This guy might.
text: We look over Travers' shoulder at the photos, which are all
text: blurry, all blown up from different surveillance pictures --
text: and all of them show ERIC QUALEN.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Who is he?
speaker_heading: MATHERS
dialog: (patient)
dialog: His name's Eric Qualen. One of the
dialog: East German spies who got shut out by
dialog: the reunification. The CIA issued an
dialog: inter-agency warning about him right
dialog: after the wall came down. He's got
dialog: nowhere to go and nothing to lose.
dialog: He's also got the international
dialog: connections to get rid of bills like
dialog: these -- and he's probably desperate
dialog: enough to try for them. Fifty million
dialog: bucks buys a lot of sanctuary.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Could you get to the part where I'm
dialog: supposed to care?
speaker_heading: MATHESON
dialog: (shows him more photos)
dialog: We had two agents monitoring him.
text: These two -- Gleason and Quinones.
dialog: Their last report said he was going to
dialog: try to take this shipment.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (turning away)
dialog: Thanks for the tip. But I've got work
dialog: to do.
speaker_heading: MATHESON
dialog: (stopping him)
dialog: Did I say "last" report? I think I
dialog: did. I mean last fucking report.
dialog: These guys have vanished.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: You have my sympathy, but --
dialog: (exasperated)
dialog: There's a reason we do things this
dialog: way, all right? Armored cars can be
dialog: hijacked. Trains can be derailed. But
dialog: nobody can get to us in flight. The
dialog: only time this is on the ground is at
text: the mint, or on the Presidio runway in
dialog: San Francisco. Either way, someone
dialog: would have to shoot his way past a
text: couple of thousand guards.
text: Matheson still isn't convinced.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: If you're worried about an inside job,
dialog: forget it. I checked the plane from
dialog: top to bottom an hour ago. And these
dialog: three are my best against. Even if one
dialog: of them did go skydiving, they
dialog: wouldn't get far. Each case has an
dialog: electronic tracer with a range of one
dialog: hundred miles.
text: Travers pulls a tracking device about the size of a watchman
text: out of his jacket pocket. The small screen shows three red
text: blips at rest -- matching the three currency cases.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (facing down Matheson)
dialog: I haven't lost a bill in eight years.
dialog: And I'm not scrubbing this shipment
dialog: because you scare easily.
speaker_heading: MATHESON
dialog: (an easy smile)
dialog: Who said anything about stopping the
dialog: shipment?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I've been tracking Qualen for almost a
dialog: year. If he pulls something, I want to
dialog: be in on the party.
text: Travers, angry, turns to Wright. Wright clearly doesn't like
text: this either, but is resigned to it.
speaker_heading: WRIGHT
text: This is cleared from the top, Travers.
dialog: Matheson will accompany you on the
dialog: flight to San Francisco.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Show him every professional courtesy.
text: Travers turns back to a smiling Matheson, looking like he'd
dialog: rather kill him instead, as we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN RANGE - MAGGIE'S HELICOPTER
text: is being buffeted by storm winds and a light snow -- Maggie
text: struggles hard with the controls, but --
scene_heading: INSIDE HELICOPTER
text: Visibility is near zero. Maggie keys the radio.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
text: Rescue One to base, over.
speaker_heading: HAL (O.S.)
dialog: Rescue One -- have you sighted them?
dialog: Over --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Negative, Hal -- storm's already
dialog: moving in -- I can't see them, and
dialog: winds are too strong to stay up
dialog: here -- over --
speaker_heading: HAL (O.S.)
dialog: Rescue One -- abort. They'll be all
dialog: right. Brett and Evan are dumb enough
dialog: not to log in, but they're smart
dialog: enough to have storm gear. Head back
dialog: to base.
dialog: (not unkindly)
dialog: Maybe you can catch Gabe before he
text: leaves. Over.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I don't think he's planning a long
dialog: visit, Hal.
dialog: (back to business)
text: Rescue One heading back to base, over
dialog: and out.
speaker_heading: THE HELICOPTER
text: banks a 180 to fly back -- we can see over the horizon that
text: the storm is moving in fast.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - DAY
text: We can hear Maggie's helicopter flying off overhead -- camped
text: inside the cave are BRETT and EVAN, both 20s, both shivering,
text: amid their gear -- backpacks, cooking stuff -- and parachutes.
dialog: These are Colorado rock jocks -- thrillseekers who'll try
dialog: anything if the odds are strong enough they'll die in the
dialog: process.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (freezing)
dialog: Way to check the weather, Brett.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: (shivering yet macho)
dialog: Hey. If it were easy, it wouldn't be
dialog: worth d-doing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TREASURY JET (DC-9) - DAY
text: The DC-9 cruises over increasingly mountainous, remote
dialog: terrain.
scene_heading: INT. JET - CLOSE ON TRAVERS
text: who looks tense -- we MOVE AROUND the cabin and find two more
text: relaxed Treasury agents are dozing on the opposite side of the
text: plane, their arms chained to the currency cases. Matheson is
text: edgy. Another AGENT offers some condescending reassurance.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Just enjoy the view, huh?
dialog: (Matheson says nothing)
dialog: Relax. I mean, what could happen in
dialog: the air?
text: Matheson turns back to his window and looks down --
scene_heading: WINDOW POV - THE GROUND BELOW
text: is covered with snow -- the jet's shadow moves sleekly and
text: plainly over it. But after a moment we see -- -- another
text: jet's shadow on the ground, coming up fast!
scene_heading: INSIDE THE DC-9 - MATHESON
text: reacts this and shifts his look upward to --
scene_heading: WINDOW POV - ANOTHER PLANE (GULFSTREAM)
text: is flying a parallel course to the Treasury jet, and is just
text: one hundred yards away. Close enough to see Eric Qualen's face
text: in one of the windows.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE PLANE
text: Matheson stands -- Travers has noticed the plane by now too,
text: and gets out of his seat as the other agents react.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (to other agents)
dialog: Stay put! Don't panic, goddammit!
text: Travers moves into
speaker_heading: THE COCKPIT
text: where the pilot seems nervous, but oddly, not frightened.
speaker_heading: PILOT
text: He's coming in too slow.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (cool)
dialog: No -- we're going too fast, and we're
text: too high up. Push flaps forward twenty
dialog: degrees and drop to five thousand
dialog: feet.
speaker_heading: THE CABIN
text: Matheson is out of his seat, pistol drawn. Seems a little puny
dialog: under the circumstances.
speaker_heading: MATHESON
dialog: (to agent)
dialog: You got any rifles?
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Forward compartment -- left side --
text: Matheson rushes through a curtain to the area between the
text: cabin and the cockpit and pulls open a closet door. To his
text: horror, he finds inside not rifles, but
scene_heading: TWO DEAD BODIES
dialog: who we'll recognize as the missing FBI agents from the photos
dialog: Matheson showed Travers.
speaker_heading: MATHESON
text: backs up in horror -- and he sees Travers calmly coming out of
text: the cockpit. Rattled, Matheson pulls his gun on Travers.
text: Travers looks dumbfounded -- then angry.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: What the hell are you doing --
speaker_heading: MATHESON
text: Checked the plane from top to bottom,
dialog: huh? You fucker --
dialog: (clicks hammer back)
dialog: Put your hands behind your head! It's
dialog: over!
text: Travers puts his hands out and walks forward -- slowly,
text: backing Matheson into the cabin. Not in surrender, but as if
text: he's calming a nutcase. The other agents see this and don't
dialog: know which way to jump.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Calm down -- give the gun to me --
speaker_heading: MATHESON
dialog: (to other agents)
text: There's a couple of dead bodies in the
dialog: front compartment -- they're FBI
dialog: agents --
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: He's losing it --
dialog: They now think Matheson is crazy too -- he looks nuts -- the
text: other agents move behind him. Matheson gets even more frantic
text: and point his gun at them.
speaker_heading: MATHESON
dialog: Goddamn it! Don't you see what he's
dialog: doing! He's hijacking the fucking
dialog: shipment!
dialog: (back to Travers)
dialog: Don't make me shoot you!
text: The other two agents get behind Matheson and rapidly disarm
text: him. Travers pulls out his gun with a slow, leisurely move.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Don't make me laugh.
text: Travers FIRES his gun three times, one for each agent's
text: chest -- the agents are cut down, realizing too late what's
text: happened. A fourth SHOT knocks Matheson over a seat as if he'd
text: been kicked. Travers puts his gun away and puts on a radio
text: headset as he goes to a window.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (to mouthpiece)
dialog: Move into position.
scene_heading: EXT. QUALEN'S JET - GULFSTREAM
text: maneuvers over the DC-9 -- and holds steady above it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY MARKER - COLORADO - DAY
text: The stone reads "Susan Collins -- 1965 - 1991". It's
text: surrounded by wreaths -- one of which has an old snapshot of
text: her attached to it. Mementos sent on the first anniversary of
dialog: her death.
speaker_heading: GABE
text: brushes some of the falling snow away from the marker. He lays
text: down his flowers and pauses for a moment -- then gets into the
text: Bronco and drives away.
scene_heading: INT. FORD BRONCO - DAY
text: Gabe looks out the window at the countryside he used to belong
text: in. He's wondering if he still does.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. TREASURY JET/QUALEN'S JET - FLYING
text: Qualen's jet is now flying parallel to, and slightly above,
text: the Treasury jet. The door in Qualen's jet is open, and we get
dialog: our first good look at --
scene_heading: INT/EXT. QUALEN'S JET
text: -- Qualen, who is also wearing a headset radio and is wired
text: to a safety line in the jet. He's lowering a thick steel cable
text: down to the Treasury jet.
dialog: Qualen is as deadly as advertised -- 150 mph winds are tearing
text: at him through the open door, but he is unfazed and
text: unfrightened.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
text: is also wired to a safety line by his own jet's open door.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: More -- more -- keep it coming --
speaker_heading: THE TWO PLANES
text: Qualen's jet lowers the cable into the Treasury jet -- it
text: looks like an Air Force midair refuelling -- difficult and
text: dangerous. After about thirty feet of line is lowered --
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
text: -- takes it in and clips it to a ring at the top of the jet's
dialog: doorway.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (into radio)
text: Locked on. Move into lateral position.
scene_heading: INSIDE QUALEN'S PLANE
text: The pilot, KRISTEL, is a woman. Her skill, like her hard
text: beauty, can be measured in a glance: she's a lot calmer than
text: her counterpart in the Treasury plane.
speaker_heading: KRISTEL
text: Moving into lateral position.
text: ON THE TWO PLANES
text: Qualen's jet lowers itself, banking to the side -- the
text: Treasury jet raises itself. Both are now flying side by side,
text: with the cable serving as a thirty foot bridge.
scene_heading: TREASURY JET CABIN
text: Travers, unclipped from his safety line, cautiously goes to
text: the cockpit. The pilot, nervous, struggles with the controls.
speaker_heading: PILOT
text: We're right on the edge of the
dialog: storm -- let's move it.
text: Travers pulls the two dead FBI agents out of the
text: compartment -- one is dressed in a flying suit like the pilot,
text: one in a suit like Travers.
speaker_heading: PILOT
dialog: This isn't going to work -- Wright
dialog: will suspect something.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: So what. He'll sift though a plane
dialog: that went down in a storm --
dialog: (gestures to bodies)
dialog: -- find enough pulverized bone for six
text: men heroically killed in the line of
dialog: duty --
dialog: (finds three suitcases)
dialog: -- and just enough of the right kind
dialog: of ash.
text: Travers opens one of the cases, which is identical to the
text: others -- except that it's full of one dollar bills. He's
dialog: thought of everything.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: We get twenty-one gun funerals and
dialog: they write off fifty million. It's
dialog: perfect, as long as you hold the plane
dialog: steady -- so concentrate.
text: Travers moves back into the cabin.
scene_heading: INSIDE QUALEN'S JET
text: We can now see four other passengers. All are fit and armed --
text: HELDON and RYAN are seated, while KYNETTE and DELMER, ready to
text: help with the transfer, are on the opposite side of the door
text: from a very impatient Qualen.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Travers -- hurry it up.
scene_heading: INSIDE TREASURY JET
text: Travers, now in a harness like the one seen earlier -- uncuffs
text: the money cases from the agents.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: On my way.
text: Travers steps back into the cockpit and flips a toggle switch
dialog: over and LED --
speaker_heading: THE LED
text: starts counting down from 2:00 -- 1:59 -- 1:58 --
scene_heading: IN THE COCKPIT
text: Even in the last minute, the storm's gotten worse -- the plane
text: is flying right into the blackest center of it. The pilot
text: looks more panicked than ever.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: That charge is going to blow both
dialog: engines -- the plane'll go down like a
dialog: rock, so clip yourself on to the end
dialog: of the cable with the money as soon as
dialog: I get over.
dialog: (an afterthought)
dialog: And make sure you bring the right
dialog: cases.
text: Travers heads back into the cabin and hooks his harness to the
text: cable between the planes.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (into the headset)
dialog: Dip the plane. I'm coming over.
scene_heading: THE JETS - LONG SHOT
text: Qualen's jet dips down so there's a sharp incline -- Travers
text: starts the slide down, zipping in seconds across into
speaker_heading: QUALEN'S JET
text: where he's pulled in and unclipped by Qualen.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: (shouting over the wind)
dialog: Why didn't you send the money over?
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (shouting too)
dialog: Somehow, I didn't think you'd have
dialog: waited for me if I'd sent it first.
text: Qualen smiles in reply. No. Maybe he wouldn't.
scene_heading: IN THE TREASURY PLANE COCKPIT
text: The pilot locks the controls and rushes back to the cabin.
speaker_heading: THE LED
dialog: counts down -- 0:38 -- 0:37 -- 0:38 --
scene_heading: IN THE TREASURY PLANE CABIN
text: The pilot gathers the cases and uses their cuffs to attach
text: them to the cable -- but as he steps past the bodies of --
speaker_heading: THE AGENTS
text: Matheson's eyes open -- he's not dead yet.
speaker_heading: IN THE CABIN
text: The pilot clicks the last of the three cases onto the cable
text: and is about to put his harness on -- but behind him, Matheson
text: shakily crawls to his feet, draws his gun, and SHOOTS the
text: pilot in the back twice.
speaker_heading: THE PILOT
text: drops out of the plane, flailing -- if he's screaming, we
text: can't hear it over the HOWLING of the storm --
scene_heading: IN QUALEN'S JET
text: Qualen and Travers are watching the whole plan unravel --
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (shouting to cockpit)
dialog: Get underneath the jet! The cases will
dialog: slide over!
scene_heading: THE JETS - LONG SHOT
text: Qualen's jet sharply dips down and the cases start to slide
dialog: over -- but at the same time --
text: INSIDE THE TREASURY JET
text: Matheson, groggy, holds onto the doorway and FIRES a full clip
text: from his automatic at Qualen's jet -- and
speaker_heading: THE LED
dialog: counts down -- 0:02 -- 0:01 -- 0:00 -- and
scene_heading: THE TREASURY JET'S ENGINES
text: are destroyed as the charge DETONATES --
scene_heading: THE JETS - LONG SHOT
text: As promised, the Treasury jet is now plummetting as if it had
text: no wings at all, levelling the angle between the planes -- the
text: cases dangle precariously on the wire --
scene_heading: INSIDE QUALEN'S JET
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Lower! Get underneath it!
scene_heading: INSIDE TREASURY JET
text: Matheson struggles to the cockpit and gets behind the controls
dialog: -- as if that's going to do any good --
scene_heading: THE JETS - LONG SHOT
text: Qualen's jet is deliberately racing the disabled Treasury jet
dialog: down, but it's hopeless -- there's no way to get underneath
text: the falling jet long enough for the cases to slide over.
scene_heading: INSIDE QUALEN'S JET - KRISTEL
text: isn't quite panicked. Yet.
speaker_heading: KRISTEL
dialog: It's dragging us down! Disconnect the
dialog: cable!
scene_heading: INT. QUALEN'S JET - CABIN
text: Heldon and Ryan try to do just that, but the cable is
text: taut -- there's no way to loosen the clip on the door --
speaker_heading: BOTH JETS
text: dive down faster at an ever steeper angle, over the edge of
dialog: the Colorado mountain range --
text: INSIDE THE TREASURY JET
text: -- the clip on the door finally breaks --
scene_heading: BOTH JETS - LONG SHOT
text: -- the Treasury jet drops as Qualen's jet, trailing the cable
text: and the money, sharply shoots upward --
scene_heading: THE TREASURY JET
text: makes a one point landing nose first into the wilderness,
text: cartwheeling into a FIREBALL!
scene_heading: INT./EXT. RANGER STATION
text: The sound of the EXPLOSION, muffled in the wind, far-off, but
text: audible, drives Hal outside -- he's alert, but can't see
dialog: anything in the murk of the storm --
scene_heading: INT. QUALEN'S JET - THE COCKPIT - KRISTEL
text: levels off the plane, but it's still in trouble --
scene_heading: CABIN - QUALEN AND TRAVERS
dialog: struggle to reel in the cable, because --
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE CABLE
text: The money cases are still, barely, holding on, the cuffs
text: caught on the broken clip at the end --
scene_heading: QUALEN AND TRAVERS
text: aren't even bothering with the electric winch, they're
text: dragging it in hand over hand -- but --
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE CABLE
text: -- the cases, torn by the wind, work their way loose one at a
text: time and drop -- one -- two -- three -- into the snowy
dialog: mountains below!
speaker_heading: IN THE CABIN
text: Heldon and Ryan clamp the door shut as Qualen angrily attacks
dialog: Travers --
scene_heading: THE COCKPIT - KRISTEL
text: tries to bring the plane up, but can't -- the fuel guage
dialog: needle is dropping fast --
scene_heading: INSERT - THE WING
text: is pouring out fuel through a dozen bullet holes -- one of two
text: engines sputters to a stop.
scene_heading: THE COCKPIT - KRISTEL POV
text: The plane is now just skirting the mountain tops, and is still
text: being battered by storm winds -- Kristel aims it for what
dialog: looks like the flattest, longest mountain top --
speaker_heading: THE CABIN
text: Kynette and Ryan grab Qualen and Travers to separate them --
dialog: all strap in, because
speaker_heading: THE PLANE
text: is going down -- it just tops the edge of a precipice and hits
dialog: the ground level --
scene_heading: THE MOUNTAIN TOP - LONG SHOT
dialog: -- the problem is, the ground itself isn't level, it tilts
text: down towards another edge five hundred yards distant -- if the
text: plane keeps skidding, it'll go over the edge --
speaker_heading: THE PLANE
text: sleds down at an angle, skipping over rocks -- -- through
dialog: trees --
dialog: -- tearing off a wing --
speaker_heading: THE COCKPIT
text: Kristel rides the stick only out of habit -- nothing she does
dialog: is going to matter now --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CABIN
text: The men are jolted around -- windows IMPLODE as Kynette tries
text: to protect a bag of what is obviously explosives --
speaker_heading: THE PLANE
text: rips downhill through a wooded area like a runaway train --
text: -- the second wing is sheared off by trees --
scene_heading: COCKPIT POV - THE OPPOSITE EDGE
text: is coming up fast -- but
speaker_heading: THE PLANE
text: wrenches to a sudden halt, the fuselage intact.
scene_heading: WIDER VIEW - THE PLANE
text: or what's left of it has stopped several feet short of the
text: edge -- we can see why: the steel cable, trailing from the
text: cargo door, has lashed itself around a half dozen trees,
text: acting as a tripwire to stop the plane.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE PLANE
text: Quiet. All are dazed but, outside of superficial cuts,
text: unhurt. Kristel moves out of the cockpit, looking around.
speaker_heading: KRISTEL
dialog: So much for phase one.
dialog: (to Travers)
dialog: Now what?
text: She speaks for all of them -- especially a still-seething
text: Qualen. Travers pulls out the tracer monitor for the cases.
text: The tracer screen shows three distinct blips -- the tracers
dialog: have survived the fall.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Now -- we call the police.
scene_heading: INT. RANGER STATION - DAY
text: Hal, agitated, paces in the main office -- Frank, unconcerned,
text: puts a coat hanger and some aluminum foil on a little TV to
text: drag in the fading signal of a Broncos game.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Look -- I know there's a storm, but
dialog: that wasn't thunder.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (unconcerned)
dialog: Hal, when you've been in this line as
dialog: long as I have --
text: The station's scanner radio barks to life.
speaker_heading: KRISTEL (O.S.)
dialog: (panicky)
dialog: Mayday -- mayday -- downed DC-3 --
dialog: mayday --
text: Hal runs to the radio and keys the mike.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Rocky Mountain Rescue -- come in,
dialog: mayday --
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT
text: Kristel is on the radio, as Travers and Qualen hang back.
text: Kristel's voice is panicked but she can't suppress a grin.
speaker_heading: KRISTEL
dialog: Downed charter flight
dialog: alpha-charlie-niner--
dialog: (keys mike to "garble"
dialog: transmission)
dialog: -- dead, seven seriously wounded,
dialog: acknowledge --
scene_heading: INT. RANGER STATION
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Acknowledged, mayday. What's your
dialog: position?
speaker_heading: KRISTEL (O.S.)
dialog: ("panicked")
dialog: Don't know -- position unknown --
text: landed on top of some mountain -- only
dialog: visual bearing is a facing
dialog: cylinder-type formation -- over --
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Got to be Comb Bluff.
dialog: (keys mike)
text: Acknowledged, mayday. Winds are too
dialog: strong for us to get a copter up there
dialog: -- can you and your passengers make it
dialog: through the storm? Over --
speaker_heading: KRISTEL (O.S.
dialog: Negative -- cockpit is on fire --
dialog: fuselage broken into three sep--
dialog: ("garble")
dialog: --ed in shock. Need medical supplies,
dialog: including insulin, repeat, insulin, as
dialog: soon as po --
text: Dead silence. The transmission cuts off/
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Mayday -- come in, mayday --
scene_heading: INT. COCKPIT
text: Kristel hangs up the radio and smiles, Travers and Qualen
text: standing behind her. Qualen lightly applauds.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: Not bad. The insulin was a nice touch.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD - DAY
text: The Bronco wends through a winding country road, coming
text: finally to a cabin settled in a clearing.
speaker_heading: GABE
text: pulls into the driveway and puts the Bronco in park. He
text: doesn't cut the engine, because he's not sure whether he's
text: going in or not. Finally -- he cuts the ignition.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - DAY
text: A knock on the door brings no response -- no one inside. Gabe
text: opens the unlocked door -- and steps inside.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Maggie?
text: No answer. Gabe takes a look around the living room. His face
dialog: tells us, without a doubt, this used to be his home. Gabe
text: moves inside, pausing at a mantle. Two framed photos -- Gabe
text: and Maggie sleeping together in a hammock, bolted to a sheer
text: wall over a 2,000 foot drop. Gabe, Hal and Maggie, all
text: younger, all sporting drunken grins, in a mountain cave. Gabe
text: smiles for the first time today at this memory -- a BANGING at
text: the back of the cabin shakes him out of it.
scene_heading: EXT. CABIN - DAY - THE BACK DOOR
text: has come open and swings in the wind. Gabe steps outside and
text: pulls it shut. Gabe looks down and sees tracks that lead to a
text: small but sturdy shed a few yards away. Gabe heads over to it.
scene_heading: INT. SHED - DAY
text: Not a storage shed at all -- it's a small workspace that
text: offers solid protection from the elements, is well-lit, and
text: whistle-clean. Maggie, in front of a table, pulls a cover off.
scene_heading: A LARGE PLASTIC CAGE
text: -- inside is a bald eagle. One of maybe 2,000 left in the
text: country. Its uneven feathering and small, gawky size tells us
text: it isn't nearly full grown. A bandage on its side tells us
text: it's been injured. Maggie's smile tells us it's healing.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Hey there --
text: The door to the shed opens -- Gabe steps in, and shuts the
text: door behind him. Maggie looks surprised to see him. Gabe just
text: looks awkward.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Hi.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Could you introduce us?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Sure. Gabe Walker -- this is A27.
dialog: A27 -- Gabe.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Not the tag -- what do you call
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Her. I call her Lucky.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (bends down, eyes wound)
dialog: Poachers?
dialog: (Maggie nods)
dialog: Bastards...
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: They got the mother -- and left this
dialog: one behind. Too small to make a decent
dialog: trophy, I guess.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: About four months, right?
dialog: (Maggie nods)
dialog: Christ -- it must have been just about
dialog: his -- I mean her -- first flight --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Time to change the dressing.
text: Maggie pulls on a pair of pair of cowhide gloves.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: You can't do that alone --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I've had to learn. She trust me --
text: Maggie reaches into the cage, but the eagle starts thrashing.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: I'm making her nervous --
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You hold her, I'll do the dressing.
text: Gabe finds another pair of gloves, sterile cotton pads and
text: alcohol in a drawer -- Maggie reaches in and grabs the eagle's
text: beak and talons quickly but gently, and takes it out of the
text: cage, holding it firm. This is clearly something they've done
text: many times before. They move together, tight -- Gabe and
text: Maggie both react to this bit of close contact as they bandage
text: the eagle. It's getting warmer in here. Gabe reaches down and
text: yanks off the patch. The eagle thrashes as Gabe cleans the
dialog: wound.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Got some fight in her -- that's good.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: What happened to Dave?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: The usual. Flew off -- never calls,
dialog: never writes --
text: Gabe winces at this one as he carefully tapes the small patch
text: and sticks it on the eagle's side. Maggie puts the eagle back
text: in the cage and closes the top door. Gabe and Maggie don't
text: move any further apart as they pull their gloves off. Gabe
text: tentatively reaches for Maggie's face -- but she pushes him
text: hand away.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I'm glad to see you, Gabe. But I kind
dialog: of wish you hadn't come. I was almost
dialog: used to you being gone.
dialog: (beat, quiet)
dialog: Why are you here?
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: I thought I came back to see if I'd
dialog: learned to live with it. Well, big
dialog: surprise. Coming back just tore me
text: open all over again, like it all
dialog: happened yesterday instead of a year
dialog: ago. Nothing's changed. Including the
dialog: way I feel about you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I didn't realize it till I saw you at
dialog: the airport. But I came back for you,
dialog: Maggie.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Does that mean you're going to stay?
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: No. Not here.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I want you come with me. Start over,
dialog: somewhere else.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: You come back after being gone a year,
dialog: and you expect me to --
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You don't live here any more, Gabe.
dialog: Your choice, remember? But this is
dialog: my home. I'm not leaving. You can
dialog: stay with me, or you can go alone.
dialog: It's still your choice.
speaker_heading: HAL (O.S.)
dialog: Now there's an easy call.
text: Standing in the shed's doorway is Hal. Stone faced. Grim.
speaker_heading: OUTSIDE SHED
text: Furious, Gabe heads out after Hal.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: What the hell do you want?
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I need your help. A plane's gone down
dialog: on Comb Bluff. This storm would blow
dialog: a copter all over the place -- but we
dialog: can climb up to it.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: "We"?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Talk to somebody who's still on the
dialog: payroll. You've got a half dozen new
dialog: guys --
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: -- who couldn't climb that wall now if
text: there were stairs cut into it. But
dialog: you've soloed it.
speaker_heading: GABE
text: During the summer. On a bet.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: This is a little more important than a
dialog: bet. Just a few injured people with
dialog: no first aid or shelter, camping in a
dialog: zero degree blizzard. They'll be ice
text: sculptures by tomorrow morning.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Maybe you missed the headlines -- but
dialog: I don't do rescues any more. They're
dialog: bad for my conscience.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Fuck this one up on your own.
text: Gabe walks past Hal. Furious, Hal spins Gabe around.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Play it again, Gabe, about how we
dialog: killed her. I was there too, remember?
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (hot)
dialog: Not like I was, pal -- her fingers
dialog: brushed mine on the way down --
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: (right back)
dialog: -- and I was the one who had to deal
dialog: with her family when you fucking tore
text: out of town.
dialog: (takes a breath)
dialog: We lost her. Whatever anybody says
dialog: about cold stress and the clip, you
dialog: and I have to live with that. But
dialog: right now, there are some more people
dialog: who need our help, and they shouldn't
dialog: die too just because you've got a
dialog: problem keeping the past in the past.
text: Gabe knows he's right. But he's hesitant. And scared.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: I don't want the responsibility.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Walk away and you are responsible.
dialog: They'll die. I can't do this alone.
text: (Gabe slows but doesn't
dialog: stop)
dialog: You know what else, Gabe? You can go
dialog: anywhere you want, but if you don't do
dialog: this, now, you're going to be stuck on
dialog: that goddamn ledge for the rest of
dialog: your life.
text: Gabe turns. Sees Maggie in the doorway. She's heard every
text: word. Gabe turns to Hal -- hesitates -- and nods.
scene_heading: EXT. COMB BLUFF TRAILHEAD - WIDE SHOT - DAY
text: Relative to the other mountains, Comb Bluff is smaller --
dialog: about 2,500 feet high. But that's like saying the Empire State
text: Building is smaller than the Sears Tower. It's still a long
dialog: way up if you're climbing the stairs.
scene_heading: ON THE GROUND - GABE AND HAL
text: with full packs of mountaineering gear on. They've got to
text: climb up this beast. Gabe -- now back in his orange Sheriff's
text: jacket -- scrambles with Hal up the base of the mountain, the
text: last few yards before it turns into a sloping wall. Gabe
text: takes a bolt gun -- which fires rope-fastened bolts into
text: rock -- and hangs it from a strap on his chest.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: (indicating gun)
text: That thing's dead weight. Completely
dialog: useless for an ice climb.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Just backup.
text: Gabe readies a coil of rope and starts up the wall.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (not a challenge)
dialog: I'll lead. I left a few bolts last
dialog: time I climbed this -- I think I can
dialog: find some of them.
text: Hal starts up after Gabe, easily keeping pace with him.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Save the rope for when it gets tough.
dialog: (beat, realizing)
dialog: That bet was for you to free climb
text: the wall.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (further up)
dialog: Tell you what, Hal -- if we're still
dialog: alive tomorrow morning, I'll give you
dialog: the twenty bucks back, okay?
scene_heading: COMB BLUFF - LONG SHOT
text: Two orange specks move their way up the mountain -- it's
dialog: definitely going to be a long trip.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COMB BLUFF - LONG SHOT - DAY - GABE AND HAL
text: are now visibly two-thirds of the way up.
scene_heading: CLOSER ON GABE AND HAL - THE MOUNTAIN FACE
dialog: is not only higher, it's a lot tougher to climb. Instead of
text: being angular, the wall is now completely vertical -- and
text: coated with ice. Rough, irregular ice ledges are all Gabe and
dialog: Hal can grip -- it's a matter of grabbing what you can for a
text: handhold, and kicking the spikes of the steel crampons on
text: their boots into the ice for footholds. Gabe leads, planting
text: pitons into the ice, threading the rope through them as he
text: goes. Three steel pins between Gabe and Hal. Their only safety
text: net. Gabe, trailing rope behind him, goes up a difficult slab
text: of ice and climbs under a ledge, where he anchors the rope in
text: the ice with another piton.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (shouting down)
dialog: Anchored!
speaker_heading: HAL
text: is beside and slightly below Gabe -- at the other end of the
text: fifty foot rope. Hal cautiously pulls himself along the line
text: to the first piton -- as is standard for a climb, he pulls out
text: the piton, then moves on to the second -- but up above
text: HIGHER ON THE MOUNTAIN
text: Ice, building in a small crevase, builds and CRACKS the
text: adjoining rock -- several ten-pound boulders fall, causing a
dialog: chain reaction
speaker_heading: ROCKSLIDE
text: that bounces down the wall --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: hugs the ice wall, making himself as flat as possible --
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (shouting down)
dialog: Rockslide!
speaker_heading: HAL
text: flattens too as rocks bounce past -- the second anchoring
text: piton LOOSENS as it is struck by a falling rock -- Hal
text: nervously eyes the last piton between him and Gabe --
scene_heading: THE PITON - CLOSE
text: also has been clipped by the still falling boulders and droops
dialog: at half mast -- no way are these going to hold in the
dialog: unreliable ice --
speaker_heading: HAL
text: tries to stay flat, but one boulder painfully CLIPS him on the
text: shoulder, knocking him from his perch -- Hal falls --
scene_heading: WIDER - HAL FALLING
text: In falling, Hal's weight on the rope yanks out the nearest
text: anchor piton -- Hal tumbles in space, keeping pace with the
dialog: boulders, as --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: who's seen everything we have, quickly reaches to the piton
text: he's just anchored, and removes the carabiner clip --
speaker_heading: HAL - FALLING
text: The rope draws taut, yanking out the last piton between he and
text: Gabe -- nothing but a few yards of slack rope now --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: has the bolt gun out. He rapidly hooks the rope's carabiner
text: clip to the chambered bolt, and FIRES it at a solid rock ledge
dialog: above him --
scene_heading: INSERT - THE BOLT
text: imbeds solidly in the rock --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: lashes the rope to his shoulder, bracing for the coming impact
text: by lodging his feet in the ice --
scene_heading: THE JOLT - WIDER SHOT
text: The line pulls taut, leaving Hal suspended, the wind knocked
dialog: out of him from the impact --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: is almost dragged down by the jolt -- he painfully takes most
text: of the impact in his shoulders -- the shock forces his feet
text: through an ice ledge -- but the rope, bolted to the rock
dialog: above, has held. Barely.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (shaken, voice gone)
dialog: Anchored --
dialog: (shouts this time)
dialog: Anchored!
speaker_heading: HAL
text: now somewhat recovered, steadies himself.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: (breathless too)
dialog: You're sure this time --
text: Hal climbs up the rope, finally reaching another ledge
text: slightly below Gabe's. Hal leans against the wall, gasping, as
text: Gabe clips the gun to his pack.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: (looking up at gun)
dialog: Don't say it --
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (wheezing too)
dialog: It's kind of hard to resist --
speaker_heading: GABE HAL
dialog: It's not dead It's not dead
dialog: weight -- you weight -- I am.
dialog: are.
text: Hal and Gabe start howling -- that hysterical, giddy laugh
text: that only comes from just missing a violent end.
scene_heading: WIDE SHOT ON MOUNTAIN - THE TWO LEDGES
text: Hal and Gabe's friendship is starting to resurface -- their
text: LAUGHTER is nearly louder than the wind, as we --
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PRECIPICE EDGE - DAY - BINOCULAR POV
text: From the top of the bluff, someone is looking down through
text: binoculars -- Gabe and Hal's orange jackets are plainly
text: visible a few hundred yards below.
speaker_heading: RYAN
text: lowers the binoculars, and keys an ear button on the headset
text: radio he's wearing, sending a beep.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE PLANE
text: Travers is wearing another headset -- the others are just
dialog: resting in the seats
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (into mouthpiece)
dialog: Have they arrived?
dialog: (two beeps in response)
dialog: Good. Return to the plane and cover
dialog: your tracks.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: (to others)
dialog: Get ready.
text: ON THE MOUNTAIN BELOW
text: Hal and Gabe are tired, but get a second wind from the
text: excitement of being almost on top. Gabe stops, breathless for
text: a second, then goes on. Hal lags a little behind.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Come on -- the hard part's over.
text: Gabe heads up and over
scene_heading: THE MOUNTAIN'S EDGE/CRASH SITE
text: and helps Hal up. From here, the rest of the range looms
text: large. Even in the continuing snowstorm, it's a spectacular
text: sight -- but Gabe and Hal don't pause to enjoy it. This isn't
text: a trip for sport. Hal looks off into the trees, and sees the
text: torn tree stumps from the plane crash.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: (grim)
dialog: That's it.
text: Hal and Gabe run into the wooded area and follow the
text: wreckage -- felled trees, a smashed wing -- and reach
speaker_heading: THE FUSELAGE
text: which sits intact by the other edge of the precipice.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: I thought the fuselage was broken.
dialog: That looks pretty cozy.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: (puzzled too)
text: The pilot was hysterical.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Something's wrong here --
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Does this look like a prank to you?
dialog: Come on --
text: Hal pulls open the passenger door and goes in -- Gabe, wary,
text: takes a look around the plane.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE FUSELAGE
text: It's comparatively dark in here -- Hal starts in, shining a
dialog: light -- the beam finds
scene_heading: HAL'S POV - TRAVERS
text: slumped down on the cabin floor, a blanket wrapped around
text: him -- he's shaking and is generally giving a good impression
text: of a shock victim. Hal rushes to him.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Relax -- we're here to help --
text: "Weak", Travers whispers as Hal gives him some water.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Don't try to talk --
text: Travers won't quit -- Hal leans down to hear.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (hoarse whisper)
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: -- Where? What are you --
text: A gun barrel moves INTO VIEW as it presses against Hal's neck.
text: Heldon and Ryan are right behind him. Travers instantly drops
dialog: his act.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: You said "we". Where are the rest?
scene_heading: GABE - OUTSIDE THE FUSELAGE
text: notes footprints in the snow -- fresh ones -- and kneels down
text: to look at the cable wrapped around the tree. No ordinary
text: accident. But before he can think about this, he gets an
text: earful of gun barrel from Qualen, who is behind him.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE FUSELAGE
text: Qualen hustles Gabe inside the plane -- his hands are on his
text: head, and his pack has been removed. Qualen throws the pack
text: to Ryan and Delmer, who rifle through it, removing anything
text: that could be a weapon -- they quickly confiscate Gabe's bolt
text: gun and ice axe.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: What's for dinner?
dialog: (Kynette tosses packet)
text: Ugh. "Dried Beef Slices With Barbeque
dialog: Sauce."
dialog: (tosses it back)
dialog: Try and make this edible.
text: Travis looks at Hal's park ranger badge.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Hal Tucker.
dialog: (to Gabe)
dialog: Where's yours?
speaker_heading: QUALEN
text: He doesn't have one. Just a wallet.
text: Qualen tosses it to Travers, who glances through it.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Gabe Walker...
dialog: (notes photo of Maggie)
dialog: Very attractive.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: My ex.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Too bad. Let me tell you what's on for
dialog: today. We'd like you to help settle a
dialog: wager. You see, we lost some
dialog: luggage --
text: Travers motions to Ryan and Qualen, who shove Gabe and Hal
text: forward in the cabin. Travers takes out the tracer monitor.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (showing them the blips)
dialog: See these? Now I've bet the gentlemen
dialog: behind you that you know enough about
dialog: this mountain range to lead us to each
dialog: of these, quickly, and that you'd be
dialog: happy to do so. They bet me you
dialog: couldn't and wouldn't.
dialog: (guns are clicked)
dialog: Now tell me -- who wins?
text: Gabe and Hal eye each other -- no choice. Gabe nods.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Good dog. Now let's get this
dialog: expedition started.
scene_heading: EXT. FACING MOUNTAIN - WIDE SHOT
text: Hal and Gabe lead the "expedition" down a steep, but passable,
dialog: descent, leading to --
text: A NATURAL STONE BRIDGE
text: that links Comb Bluff with the next mountain. Travers stops
text: Gabe and pulls out the monitor.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Okay. Connect the dots.
text: Gabe pauses as he holds the monitor up against the
text: mountainscape.
scene_heading: MOUNTAIN AND MONITOR
text: The first blip is up a thousand feet -- it's a wall, and
text: obviously not something for a novice. Gabe pauses a little
text: too long -- Qualen nudges him with his gun. Gabe hands the
text: monitor back to Travers.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: This way.
text: Gabe, with Hal right behind, leads them up the wall -- it's
text: not a straight climb, but there's a series of zig-zagging
text: natural ledges that cut up the wall. Wide enough even for an
text: amateur. The others follow Gabe and Hal's example.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN WALL - WIDE SHOT - DAY - HAL AND GABE
text: have led the gang further up the wall, using pitons and
text: carabiner clips to create a guide rope. It's still just a
text: matter of climbing relatively easy ascending ledges. Hal and
text: Gabe lead them by jumping to the next ledge.
scene_heading: CLOSER ON HAL AND GABE
text: As Gabe hammers in a new piton, he turns to Hal.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: We don't have to do this. We know
dialog: these mountains -- they don't. If we
dialog: can get ahead --
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Can you climb faster than they can
dialog: shoot?
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: We've got to try something. Think
dialog: we'll get a finder's fee after they
dialog: get all their "luggage"?
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Sure. All the bullets we can eat.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: That's not what really worries me.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: There's something else to worry
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Yeah. Once they've got what they're
dialog: after -- they're gonna need a copter
dialog: to get out of here.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: Maggie.
text: Gabe nods grimly -- and keeps moving up. The rest keep pace.
speaker_heading: THE WALL
text: The climbers have reached a point of comparative comfort on
text: the wall -- the ledge is now two feet wide. Travers takes out
text: the tracer monitor -- the monitor shows that the first case is
text: just above them.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Hold it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It's up there.
scene_heading: "UP THERE" - AN OVERHANG
text: juts out of the wall fifty feet above their position. As the
text: rest of the wall above is completely sheer, it's obvious that
text: the case, if it is above, has landed on top of a ledge.
dialog: But this isn't easily accessible -- we MOVE DOWN from the
text: overhang and can see there are only the smallest of handholds
text: to get up there, and those are slick with ice and snow. Worse,
text: the rest of the mountain bulges outward in a curve, making
text: climbing almost impossible.
text: ON THE LEDGE
text: Travers holds his gun on Gabe, and motions up
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Fetch.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: I'll need the ice axe.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: You've got to be kidding.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Okay. How about some tape?
text: Travers nods -- Kynette pulls a roll of tape out of Gabe's
text: confiscated pack and throws it to him.
speaker_heading: GABE
text: Crampons too.
text: Travers hesitates, but nods -- Kynette throws him the iron
text: spikes. Gabe fastens them to his boots.
text: Gabe looks up -- this is going to be tough, even for him. In
text: spite of the cold, he takes off his gloves -- that's how small
text: these holds are -- and he meticulously tapes up his hands and
text: his fingers.
scene_heading: HIGH ANGLE - GABE
text: moves up the wall with some ease at first -- there are
text: hand-sized handholds, and decent footholds -- but twenty feet
text: up, there's nothing. To keep going, Gabe has to painfully
text: wedge his fingers into small cracks, essentially supporting
text: his weight only by several fingerholds at any given moment.
text: We can see from the angle that Gabe is at least 3,000 feet
text: from solid ground. We can see from his face that he's trying
dialog: not to think about it.
scene_heading: ON THE LEDGE - TRAVERS AND QUALEN
text: watch Gabe's slow progress.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: I don't trust him.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (indicating wall)
dialog: Where could he go?
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: I'd rather he didn't show us.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We don't need two guides.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: You win. Kill him when he gets down.
scene_heading: GABE ON THE WALL - CLOSE
text: Make that "if he comes down". Gabe is now in one of the
text: worst positions possible for a free climb. He is moving up
text: the underside of the overhang and is essentially hanging
text: upside down, knifing his fingers into tiny cracks for support.
text: It's excruciating -- both in terms of muscular effort, and the
text: abrasions that come from forcing fingers into ice and rock
text: again and again. Gabe keeps his hold with one hand and slides
text: the other up, hammering it into a crack wedge with ice --
text: some of the ice chips whistle past and down --
text: -- finally, Gabe gropes one hand over the edge, and pulls
dialog: himself onto
speaker_heading: THE OVERHANG
text: Exhausted, Gabe pulls himself prone across the top. Something
text: hard is underneath him -- Gabe recovers and brushes the snow
text: off the money case that's underneath. It's battered from the
text: fall, but is still barely holding together. Gabe manages to
text: force open the trashed locks -- he looks inside the case, and
text: fingers a band of $5000s.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Jesus.
scene_heading: ON THE LEDGE - TRAVERS AND QUALEN
text: look up. They can see Gabe has made it -- but they can't see
dialog: him, or the case.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (impatient, shouting)
dialog: Lower it down -- now!
scene_heading: ON THE OVERHANG - GAB
text: has no intention of doing this -- he snaps the case shut and
text: looks over at a ledge that moves off from it -- and at the ice
text: and snow above.
scene_heading: ON THE LEDGE - TRAVERS AND QUALEN'S POV
dialog: try to look up and locate Gabe. They can't. Until --
speaker_heading: GABE (O.S.)
dialog: (shouting down)
dialog: I've got a better idea. Why don't you
dialog: come up and get it?
text: With the case, Gabe moves, back against the wall, on a ledge
text: that skirts off the overhand -- from Travers and Qualen's
text: point of view. Gabe can hardly be seen -- since the mountain
text: bulges out as it goes up. Gabe's got a slight edge of cover.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (shouts to Heldon)
dialog: Get him!
text: Heldon runs along the lower ledge, FIRING up at --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: who has to flatten against the upper ledge -- bullets howl
text: past at twenty per second, SPARKING against the lip of the
dialog: rock -- it's cover, but not much --
speaker_heading: HAL
text: looks up, worried --
scene_heading: HAL'S POV - ICE AND SNOW
dialog: 
text: piled by the ton from the storm, lie further above -- the ice
text: holding it back already, already weakened by the sun, is being
text: chiselled away by bullets --
scene_heading: ON THE LOWER LEDGE - QUALEN
text: grabs Hal and puts the gun to his head.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Bring the money down, or we kill your
dialog: friend!
text: Travers pushes the barrel away from Hal, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: We can't.
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: And he knows it.
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE ON MOUNTAIN - THE PARALLEL LEDGES
text: Gabe moves across his thing ledge as Heldon runs across his --
text: Gabe ducks back and has to flatten even more against the wall,
dialog: because his ledge is getting smaller --
speaker_heading: HELDON
text: smiles, seeing Gabe's cover is gone -- Heldon's ledge is
text: getting wider, so it's easier for him to fire up. Heldon moves
dialog: out to the edge --
speaker_heading: GABE'S POV DOWN
text: There's now nothing between Heldon and Gabe -- Heldon takes
dialog: dead aim --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: looks up, sweating it --
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Come on --
scene_heading: THE ICE AND SNOW
text: above finally give way, dropping an avalanche on
speaker_heading: GABE
text: who drops the case and hugs the wall --
scene_heading: THE AVALANCHE - WIDE VIEW ON MOUNTAIN
dialog: Only now can we see how much snow and ice had been penned up
text: on the mountain top -- tons of ice and snow sweep down the
text: mountainside -- it SHATTERS the case against the wall as it
text: easily swipes a SCREAMING Heldon off the ledge --
scene_heading: TRAVERS, QUALEN AND HAL
text: are safe at their vantage, but stunned at the sight of --
speaker_heading: THE AVALANCHE
text: Heldon's machine fun FIRES uselessly as he's swallowed in an
text: explosion of white -- as well as a flurry of green as the
text: bills scatter amid the snow --
text: -- then: quiet. The avalanche ends as abruptly as it started.
text: The rumble dies down to complete silence.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
text: apoplectic, stares at seventeen million dollars worth of snow
text: settling far below. He takes his gun, furious, and fires at
text: THE UPPER LEDGE
text: where Gabe was hugging the wall -- it's now blanketed with
text: snow. Travers FIRES an entire clip at where Gabe used to be.
text: The snow FALLS AWAY, revealing nothing but stark rock. Gabe
text: has been swept away.
speaker_heading: HAL
text: reacts and attacks Travers.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: You son of a bitch --
text: Travers turns and pins Hal against the wall with the gun,
text: ready to kill him too. But he's stopped by Qualen.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: No. We need him to get the rest of the
dialog: money.
dialog: (he isn't backing down)
dialog: If he dies we lose everything
text: Travers, furious, takes the gun out of Hal's face.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (to Hal)
dialog: Get us out of here.
text: Hal stares at Travers with absolute fury -- but he leads the
text: gang back along the ledge in retreat.
scene_heading: EXT. FURTHER DOWN THE MOUNTAIN - DAY
text: Powdery snow is settling from the avalanche. From a cave in
text: the rocks, Brett and Evan crawl out a little timidly.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: What the hell --
text: Evan takes a pair of overpriced binoculars and looks up --
scene_heading: BINOCULAR POV - FAR UP ON LEDGE
text: The figures are small, but it's clear that one is pointing a
text: gun at an orange-jacketed figure.
speaker_heading: EVAN
text: lowers the binoculars.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Brett -- you're not going to believe
dialog: this -- but a couple of guys are
text: holding a gun on Hal and forcing him
dialog: up the bluff --
speaker_heading: BRETT (O.S.)
dialog: I believe it.
text: Evan turns to
speaker_heading: BRETT
text: who has found both Heldon's broken body, and his gun, half
text: buried in snow. Evan walks over, amazed.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: What the fuck is going on here?
text: Brett picks up the gun -- this is more an adventure than he
dialog: ever dreamed of.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: Let's catch up and find out.
text: Brett and Evan grab their packs, and hurry onto a trail, as we
dialog: return to --
text: THE UPPER LEDGE
text: where Gabe was. Nothing is stirring. Until, there's some
text: movement ten feet from where Gabe was hugging the wall.
text: It's a crevice in the mountain, about two feet wide -- a
text: climber would call this a "chimney" -- and it's packed with
text: ice and snow. It's also packed with
speaker_heading: GABE
text: -- his hand gropes out -- and with some difficulty, he digs
text: himself out, gasping and coughing. Gabe, coated with snow,
text: leans against the wall and rests. Alive.
scene_heading: INT. RANGER STATION - DAY
text: Maggie is on the phone, pacing, as Frank is slumped in front
text: of the radio scanner. Suddenly, the radio comes to life.
speaker_heading: HAL (O.S.)
dialog: -- Come in, Rescue Unit -- over --
text: Maggie bolts over to the radio before Frank can react.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (keying mike)
dialog: Rescue Unit -- what's going on,
dialog: Hall? -- over --
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN - WOODED AREA - DAY
text: Travers has his gun pressed to Hal's temple.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: No tricks, no procedural codes, no
dialog: personal messages -- just tell them
dialog: everything's under control and you're
text: taking care of the wounded.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: (keys it)
dialog: We've reached the wreckage -- top of
text: Comb Bluff -- six injured, but they're
dialog: responding to treatment. Everything
text: A-OK. Over.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (O.S.)
dialog: Everything isn't okay, Hal -- I'm
dialog: coming up after you -- over --
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Negative, Maggie. Winds are too
text: high, and the passengers' injuries are
dialog: all superficial. We're going to ride
dialog: out the storm here -- over --
text: Travers yanks away the radio.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Have her come up.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Forget it -- downdrafts would wipe her
dialog: all over the peaks --
text: (Travers starts to argue)
dialog: -- Not that I expect you to give a
dialog: shit, but it's our only copter.
dialog: You'll be stuck.
text: Travers relents and hands the radio back.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (O.S.)
dialog: I can handle the winds --
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: (breaking in)
dialog: Forget about it, Maggie, that's an
dialog: order -- acknowledge --
scene_heading: INT. RANGER STATION
text: Maggie looks out the window. The station's windspeed gauge is
text: flying around so fast it looks like it might take off.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Acknowledged. Let me talk to Gabe --
dialog: over --
speaker_heading: HAL (O.S.)
dialog: (hesitates)
dialog: You can't. He's taking care of
dialog: passengers. Just like I should be.
text: Over and out.
text: Maggie leans back in the chair, looks out at the storm, and
text: tries not to worry. She fails miserably.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN - WOODED AREA - TRAVERS AND HAL
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (snatching radio away)
dialog: Good. You might live longer than your
dialog: friend. Now --
dialog: (takes out monitor)
dialog: -- what?
text: Hal takes the monitor -- the next blip is above, almost
text: straight up. Hal motions to the wooded area ahead.
speaker_heading: HAL
text: The next one's on top of the peak.
dialog: This'll be long, but easy -- more like
dialog: a hike than a climb.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (suspicious)
text: It looks like a winding route.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: There's a more direct route. The East
text: Face. But it's the wall on the other
text: side, and it's smooth as glass. Maybe
dialog: a dozen guys in the world could do it
dialog: in good weather. Only a psycho would
dialog: try it in a snowstorm.
text: Travers digests this, and motions Hal to move on as we --
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - GABE'S FACE
text: is torn in pain. In spite of the cold and wind, he's drenched
text: in sweat, half exertion, half fear. We pull back to take in
scene_heading: THE EAST WALL - LONG SHOT
text: Envision a wall. A really big wall. A really, really big wall.
text: A wall that's as wide as it is high -- five thousand feet by
text: five thousand feet -- narrowing to a domed peak at the summit.
text: Now picture the same wall, checkered with ice. If this were
dialog: horizontal, you or I couldn't walk on it without falling.
text: Now picture the same wall with an orange dot, two-thirds of
text: the way up it. The orange dot is
speaker_heading: GABE
text: and he barely has the strength to hold on, much less go up.
text: Gabe holds himself steady with one hand, gets a foothold, and
text: swings another hand up to SLAM it against the wall.
text: He's improvised gear -- he's tied a crampon to one hand. But
text: it's as awkward as it sounds. Gabe moves up only a foot or so
text: -- then pulls out the crampon, reaches up, and SLAMS it into
text: the wall, starting the painful process over again.
speaker_heading: CUT TO;
scene_heading: INT. DENVER MINT - WRIGHT'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Wright's pacing around, trying to figure out what in his
text: office he should break first. Davis shows up at the door.
speaker_heading: WRIGHT
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Okay -- I know it's not in San
dialog: Francisco. I know it's not here. I
dialog: know it's not in any fucking airport
dialog: from here to Montana. Where it's
dialog: not - we got that covered. Now, do
dialog: you have any ideas on where it is?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: (walking to a map)
dialog: There's no radio contact, sir. At all.
dialog: We're not receiving the tracer signal
text: from the cockpit's flight recorder.
dialog: Radar lost it after it went low here.
text: He points to a huge part of Colorado. Hundreds of square
dialog: miles.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: We have to assume it went down in the
dialog: storm.
speaker_heading: WRIGHT
dialog: Air search?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: (shakes head)
dialog: That storm hasn't quit yet. Weather
dialog: service says we've got it until
dialog: tomorrow morning at least. Even if we
dialog: could get a plane up now, it'd be
dialog: impossible to see anything on the
dialog: ground. And --
text: Wright slumps into a chair.
speaker_heading: WRIGHT
dialog: -- The roads are shut down, right?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Most of this area doesn't even have
dialog: roads.
speaker_heading: WRIGHT
dialog: (rubs his eyes)
dialog: Keep two copters on full standby. And
dialog: let me know the second that storm
text: starts to wind down.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. THE EAST FACE - WIDE SHOT - DAY - GABE
text: is clearly exhausted and freezing -- his lips are blue, his
text: eyebrows encrusted with snow. Wind still threatens to knock
text: him off the wall -- but he forces himself on.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (teeth chattering)
text: A steambath.
dialog: (spikes himself up)
text: A steambath -- and a bottle of
dialog: whiskey.
dialog: (new foothold)
text: A steambath with a bottle of
text: Glenlivet. And a fire.
dialog: (new handhold)
text: A steambath -- with a bottle of
text: Glenlivet -- and a steak.
dialog: (new foothold)
text: A steak soaked with Glenlivet, cooking
text: over a steambath on fire.
scene_heading: WIDER ON MOUNTAIN
text: Gabe finally reaches the top of the wall, where it meets an
text: enormous overhang of ice.
speaker_heading: GABE
text: is right underneath where the ice flows over the wall. Gabe
text: takes his handheld crampon and hammers it into the ice
text: overhead with more force than usual. This one is going to have
dialog: to hold.
text: Gabe steels himself for a tough move -- with one hand gripping
text: that crampon, he swings out, away from the wall.
text: Only the crampon spikes jammed into the ice above his hand
text: are keeping Gabe from falling. Gabe needs the second crampon
dialog: to make the move up -- but that's not going to be easy to get.
text: It's attached to his boot.
text: As Gabe clings to the upper crampon, his body swaying, he
text: reaches down with his free hand to loosen the other crampon.
speaker_heading: GABE'S POV - DOWN
text: The ground is one slip and five thousand feet away. Gabe
text: fumbles desperately with the buckles on the crampons -- but
text: both his fingers, and the buckles, are frozen stiff --
speaker_heading: GABE'S FACE
text: shows real, solid terror for the first time --
speaker_heading: GABE'S POV - DOWN
text: Gabe gets the first buckle off -- then the second. The crampon
text: is off his boot.
speaker_heading: GABE
text: still swinging from one hand, takes the now-freed crampon and
text: slams it into the ice. It doesn't hold -- but the force of
text: Gabe's swing, pushing him away, has loosened the other
text: crampon. Gabe only gets one more shot at this -- he swings
text: the free crampon up with all his might -- it catches in the
text: same split second as the other dislodges.
text: But the hard part is over -- with the two crayons, Gabe
text: quickly manages to climb up over the lip of
scene_heading: THE ICE OVERHANG
text: This is a field of ice sloping up to the top. Gabe pulls
text: himself a few feet away from the edge, and puts the crampons
text: back on his feet where they belong. It's now pretty simple for
text: Gabe to run up the ice slope three hundred yards to
speaker_heading: THE SUMMIT
text: which is a rocky, wooded area. Gabe seems to have a second
text: wind now -- he runs to the other side of the summit. The other
dialog: side is obviously the route Hal and the others will be
text: taking -- beneath the summit is a winding, well-beaten path.
text: Gabe finally arrives at a small shack with a sign nearby
text: commemorating the "DOUGLAS EXPEDITION - 1933".
scene_heading: INT. THE SHACK
dialog: is just a small "point of interest" shed for hardy tourists
text: who have hiked up this far -- there is a corny photo stand,
dialog: where you stick your head through a hole, so your face is put
text: on top of a cartoon climber hacking up a mountain. Gabe rushes
text: past this to a glass display case on the wall.
scene_heading: THE GORDON DOUGLAS DISPLAY
text: has black and white photos of a square jawed 1930s climber
dialog: with his expedition -- more important is what's beneath it.
text: Douglas' original climbing equipment -- a coil of rope, some
text: pitons, a hat, a cloth backpack, small binoculars, other odds
text: and ends. Gabe prepares to smash the glass -- and hesitates.
dialog: Respect.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (sighing)
dialog: Sorry, Gordon -- I promise I'll have
dialog: it back tomorrow.
text: Gabe SMASHES the glass as we move to --
scene_heading: EXT. THE TRAIL - DAY
text: Hal is leading Qualen, Travers and the others upward -- this
text: is a comparatively easy route, but still tiring. The sun goes
text: down beyond a facing, taller mountain. Ryan is huffing and
text: puffing -- the altitude and exertion are getting to him. Hal
text: allows himself a smile at his discomfort.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Come on -- tourists take this trail.
text: Qualen pokes Hal with the gun -- he moves on ahead.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SUMMIT - DUSK
text: It's getting dark rapidly -- Gabe has scaled a rock formation
text: so he has a view of the rest of the summit --
scene_heading: GABE'S POV - SCANNING THE TREELINE
text: Gabe slowly looks along the trees of the summit -- looks
text: pretty ordinary to us, but something must have caught Gabe's
text: eye, because he swings back to look at one tree. With broken
text: branches on top.
speaker_heading: GABE
text: climbs down from his rock perch and rushes toward the tree.
scene_heading: EXT. SUMMIT TRAIL - NIGHT
text: This "expedition" reaches the top -- Hal is in the lead, with
text: Qualen just inches behind. Qualen shoves Hal forward.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Is this it?
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Yeah. This is it.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Good. Get out of the way.
text: Travers takes out the tracer and starts following the blip.
scene_heading: ELSEWHERE ON THE SUMMIT - GABE
text: frantically rushes around, looking for the case -- he spots a
text: crater of snow, rushes to it and starts digging. Even below
text: the snow, the tracer's blinking red light is glowing and
text: visible. Gabe laughs as he digs it out.
scene_heading: NEARBY ON THE SUMMIT - TRAVERS
text: has his eyes glued to the tracer monitor, which shows the case
text: is nearby.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: This way.
text: Qualen shines a light -- all of them push their way through
dialog: the trees.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
text: is excited now -- he can't even wait for Qualen's flashlight,
text: he intuitively races through the trees, dividing his attention
dialog: between his surroundings and
speaker_heading: THE MONITOR
text: which shows he's practically on top of the case -- finally
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
text: shoves his way through some small pines -- he can see the
text: blinking of the red tracer light ahead through the branches.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (calling behind)
dialog: It's over here!
text: Travers shoves his way through the branches, and heads for the
text: light -- but something's wrong -- Qualen comes up behind
text: Travers and shines the light on
speaker_heading: A SNOWMAN
text: cute, if hastily constructed, stands with a five-pebble smile,
text: as well as Douglas' cap, in a clearing. The still blinking,
text: still operable tracer is now the nose of the snowman. The case
text: is leaned up against it.
text: Travers runs over to the case, furious, and opens it. It's
text: empty -- except for a single $5000 bill. Travers picks it
text: up -- scrawled on the margin is "LET'S TRADE."
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (incredulous)
text: He's still alive.
dialog: (furious)
dialog: He's still alive!
dialog: (to Qualen and the
dialog: others)
dialog: He can't be far away -- spread out!
text: Qualen, Kynette, Delmer and Krystel fan out into the woods,
text: each with a flashlight and a fun. Ryan, however, straps on
text: nightfinder goggles and runs out without a flashlight.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (to Hal, brandishing gun)
dialog: Put your hands on your head.
scene_heading: ELSEWHERE ON THE SUMMIT - GABE
text: watches the chaos with a grin from a slightly elevated vantage
text: point -- he can see the flashlight beams, all headed in the
text: wrong direction. But he doesn't see
scene_heading: RYAN - "NIGHTFINDER" POV
text: With these goggles, light is amplified a thousandfold -- this
text: isn't one of those infra-red, thermo-blob jobs -- it looks
dialog: more like day for night photography. Even starlight is enough
text: for Ryan to run easily through the thick woods -- and he's
text: going in the right direction.
speaker_heading: GABE
text: begins climbing down to level ground so he can circle closer
text: to where Travers is holding Hal -- before he can get far --
scene_heading: "NIGHTFINDER" POV - RYAN
text: looks up, and can clearly see Gabe climbing down the small
text: rock, twenty yards distant --
speaker_heading: RYAN
text: smiles, looking macabre under the goggles, and opens fire --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: is startled as the bullets impact inches over his head -- he
text: jumps the last ten feet to the ground and is running even as
text: he hits the ground -- more bullets hit where Gabe was a
dialog: split second ago --
speaker_heading: RYAN
text: chases Gabe, easily maneuvering through the trees --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: runs too, trying to dodge Ryan's continuing fusillades -- Gabe
text: knows this territory, but to him, it's still pitch dark -- he
text: stumbles, and rams against trees --
speaker_heading: RYAN
text: keeps coming up behind, closing the hap, Gabe's bright form
dialog: just ahead --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: comes out of the trees and finds he is on another part of the
text: summit. All that's beneath him is
speaker_heading: GABE'S POV
text: -- a sudden, sloping plunge down a field of ice. No escape
dialog: route here -- anything that goes down this slide is going all
text: the way to the ground far below.
speaker_heading: GABE
text: is driven forward by a fresh burst of bullets -- he dives to
text: the edge of the ice field and ducks behind a boulder -- the
dialog: sole source of cover.
text: ELSEWHERE ON THE SUMMIT
text: Kristel, Qualen and Kynette, having heard the gunshots, are
text: now rushing to Gabe's position --
speaker_heading: RYAN
text: almost casually emerges from the woods. He can see there is
text: nowhere for Gabe to have gone -- except behind the boulder. He
text: walks toward it as if he had all the time in the world.
speaker_heading: GABE
text: fumbles in his backpack and pulls out something from the
text: Douglas exhibit -- an ancient flare that looks like a can of
text: sterno. Gabe pulls out his lighter and tries to light it -- it
text: resists and looks like a dud, but finally it catches, and as
text: it ignites Gabe heaves it over the boulder at Ryan --
scene_heading: RYAN - "NIGHTFINDER" POV - THE FLARE
text: arcs over the boulder to fully ignite, turning everything
text: into a blinding, agonizing flash of white --
speaker_heading: RYAN
text: SCREAMS, putting one hand over the goggles, trying to rip them
dialog: off --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: bolts out from behind the boulder to rush him --
speaker_heading: RYAN
text: instantly aware of what Gabe's doing, blindly shoots, fanning
text: out in a semi-circle as he gets the goggles off --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: just runs straight ahead to Ryan, getting to him before the
text: machine gun field of fire can intersect his path -- Gabe
text: tackles Ryan as he manages to get the goggles off -- both men
dialog: fall to the ground, and --
text: The machine gun CLATTERS away, landing on the edge of the ice,
text: just out of reach -- Ryan, now recovered from the blinding
text: flash, pulls an ice axe out of a pack sheath and swings it at
text: Gabe -- Gabe rolls away in time, and gets to the machine gun,
text: grabbing it -- But Ryan dives for Gabe, slamming into him --
text: the force of it knocks the machine gun loose -- it skips down
text: the ice slope -- but the momentum of Ryan's hit also carries
text: both Gabe and Ryan over the edge, onto --
speaker_heading: THE ICE SLOPE
text: Gabe and Ryan both tumble over the edge and start sliding
text: down, Ryan face first on his stomach, Gabe head first and on
text: his back -- both are in immediate agony, because
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE ICE
text: -- it's covered with razor sharp, irregular ridges, both large
text: and small, that slice through clothing and shred skin as they
dialog: pick up speed --
scene_heading: GABE'S UPSIDE-DOWN POV - THE ICE FIELD
text: The edge and a five thousand foot drop are less than a hundred
dialog: yards away --
text: GABE AND RYAN SLIDING
text: Ryan flails and SCREAMS as the ice gashes him from
text: underneath -- Gabe, however, manages to flip over and to the
text: side -- he lunges on top of Ryan and rides him down like a
dialog: bobsled --
scene_heading: GABE'S POV - END OF THE ICE SLOPS
dialog: is coming up too fast --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: tries to maintain his perch on Ryan, who is SCREAMING and not
dialog: yet used to the idea of being a human sled -- he isn't
dialog: remaining still enough to provide a smooth ride -- Gabe
text: frantically reaches behind to Ryan's wrist to get the ice axe,
text: trailing from a wrist strap, but Ryan's arm is thrashing away,
dialog: threatening to toss off the axe --
speaker_heading: ON SUMMIT
text: Qualen, Kristel and Kynette arrive at the lip, and look down,
dialog: incredulous --
scene_heading: QUALEN POV - GABE RIDING RYAN
text: Gabe and Ryan, accelerating, have almost reached the edge --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: finally grabs the ice axe, pulling it off Ryan's wrist -- just
text: as they reach the precipice edge, Gabe loops the axe to his
text: wrist and swings toward the ice with everything he's got --
text: The axe's scythe-like blade catches on the ice, right at the
text: lip of the precipice -- Gabe is wrenched to a painful halt,
text: suspended over the drop, as what's left of Ryan, still
text: SCREAMING, shoots over the edge --
text: Gabe unhooks the axe, and gets another handhold. Gabe uses the
text: axe to climb further down the ice to some rock -- finding
text: easier hand holds, he quickly disappears into the darkness.
scene_heading: QUALEN, KRISTEL AND KYNETTE
text: look down -- Ryan's death scream is still echoing. Qualen is
text: furious -- Gabe has escaped with the second case.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: (to Kynette)
dialog: Follow him!
text: Kynette shines his flashlight below, illuminating the long,
text: frozen streak of blood on the ice.
speaker_heading: KYNETTE
dialog: (gestures with light)
dialog: After you.
scene_heading: INT. DOUGLAS TOURIST SHACK - NIGHT
text: The expedition has holed up here for the night -- Travers and
text: Qualen look upset. Things aren't going as well as they'd
text: hoped. Kristel tries to get some candy out of a vending
text: machine that's obviously empty. Kynette saws at some camp food
text: with a distinctive knife -- the handle is a set of brass
text: knuckles. Delmer guards Hal, who is bound, and seated by the
text: souvenir photo stand.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Well -- look at the bright side.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: At least you've only got to make the
dialog: split five ways now.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN LEDGE - NIGHT
text: Gabe confidently drops down onto a large ledge that juts out
text: from the wall -- obviously familiar territory for him. The
text: ledge leads to a small, enclosed cave. Gabe takes out his
text: penlight and shines it -- but the light looks dim. Batteries
text: are low. Gabe pockets it, flicks his lighter and goes in --
speaker_heading: THE CAVE
text: in the flickering light, we can see that no one has been in
dialog: here for a while -- snow, dust, rocks -- but we should also
text: recognize this from the photo seen earlier as Gabe, Maggie and
text: Hal's hangout.
speaker_heading: GABE
text: smiles with the memories -- then his face brightens with one
text: memory in particular. Gabe rushes to a corner of the cave and
text: opens a rock-lid to a hiding place.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Please still be there -- oh,
dialog: please --
text: Gabe reaches in the stash and finds an ancient half-full pint
text: of Jack Daniels. The first thing to go right all day. Gabe
text: uncaps it and gratefully gulps down a double shot. Peace, at
text: last. Gabe smiles and leans against the wall, closing his eyes
text: -- but he's startled instantly by a SCREECH -- Gabe's eyes
dialog: shoot open --
text: An aggressive rat scurries toward him on the floor.
text: Gabe grabs a rock and CLOBBERS the rat off-screen, ending the
text: screeches with one blow. Gabe's face first registers
text: disgust -- then an idea. Then real disgust. Sighing, Gabe
text: pulls out a pocket knife and opens the blade.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. THE CAVE - A LITTLE LATER - CLOSE ON GABE
text: Gabe takes the now cooked rat carcass -- properly skinned and
text: butchered -- off his knife blade. We can see from flickering
text: shadows that a small fire is now burning in a cave -- we
dialog: pull back to see
speaker_heading: THE FIRE
text: which is built out of small bundles of $5,000 bills. It's safe
text: to say that something like $500,000 is going up in smoke, and
text: the fire's dying down. Gabe tosses a fresh band of bills on
text: the flame. Gabe cools the knife in some snow, saws off a rat
text: leg, and chews unhappily.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (mouth full)
dialog: Mmm. Just like -- chicken.
text: Gabe sparingly washes the bite down with a taste of Jack
dialog: Daniel. It's going to have to last him. He has an entire rat
dialog: to get through.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WIDE MOUNTAIN VIEW - DAWN
text: The first rays of the sun start to poke through the mountains.
text: It's stopped snowing -- the storm seems to be letting up.
scene_heading: INT. RANGER STATION
text: Very quiet in here. Frank is snoring, slumped over the radio.
text: Maggie is wide awake and obviously hasn't slept -- her
text: attention is fixed out the window.
scene_heading: MAGGIE'S POV - WINDSPEED GAUGE
text: The gauge is still flying around, but clearly shows that the
text: winds are slowing.
scene_heading: INT. DENVER MINT - WRIGHT'S OFFICE
text: Wright is coiled at his desk, tense. Ten empty styrofoam
text: coffee cups -- and dark rings under Wright's eyes -- make
text: clear he hasn't slept. Wright's assistant bursts in.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: We've got a fix on the plane, sir --
dialog: we're getting a reading on the flight
dialog: recorder tracer --
speaker_heading: WRIGHT
dialog: Any visual? Any radio contact?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Not yet --
speaker_heading: WRIGHT
dialog: (heading to the door)
text: Get the copters ready. We take off in
text: three minutes.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: The winds are still too strong --
speaker_heading: WRIGHT
dialog: Sorry to hear it. We're still going.
text: The plane might be intact.
text: Wright drags the protesting Davis out the door.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: Sir --
speaker_heading: WRIGHT
dialog: Shut up. That fifty million isn't
dialog: coming out of my pension.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN TOP - DOUGLAS TOURIST SHACK - DAY
text: Travers, Qualen and the rest of the expedition head out of the
text: shack, a little groggy. Odds are no one got much sleep.
text: Travers shoves Hal toward a sketchy "YOU ARE HERE" map of the
text: mountain range, and hands him the tracer monitor.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Still interested in staying alive?
text: Hal matches the monitor to the map -- the blip is higher up.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: (pointing to map)
text: It's up here. Somewhere on the Tower.
dialog: There's a way to cross over to the top
dialog: in about half a day.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Show me.
text: Travers shoves Hal forward -- the others follow.
scene_heading: ELSEWHERE ON THE MOUNTAIN/SUMMIT - BINOCULAR POV
text: From about fifty yards off, someone watches Hal lead the gang
text: away from the shack.
speaker_heading: BRETT (O.S.)
text: They're heading toward the opposite
text: edge. An easy way down.
speaker_heading: BRETT AND EVAN
text: are crouched in the woods. Brett, gun in hand, has no idea how
text: far out of his league he is. Evan looks like he's having
text: second thoughts, but he can't hack down now.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: I'll cut around this side, and wind up
dialog: in front. You come up behind them --
dialog: quietly. And we've got 'em.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: Brett -- they've got five guns --
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: And you can collect them all after I
dialog: get the drop on 'em. Let's get moving.
text: Brett, automatic held high, circles off through the woods.
text: Evan reluctantly lopes off toward his assignment.
scene_heading: BELOW - GABE'S CAVE
text: Gabe pulls his jacket on -- reversed, with the grey lining
text: out, so the orange won't make him so easy to spot -- and
text: starts out towards the facing Tower -- his route, clearly, is
text: going to be along the rock wall. It's relatively sheer, but
text: there are shelves cut into it to make walking easy.
scene_heading: MOUNTAIN TOP/SUMMIT - BRETT
text: races quietly through the woods in a parallel path with Hal,
text: who's guiding the hang. Brett circles around ahead of them,
text: waiting. Before he can jump out --
scene_heading: HAL'S POV - ON BRETT
text: hiding ahead in the trees and rocks.
speaker_heading: HAL
text: makes eye contact with Brett, realizes what he's doing, and
text: shakes his head as violently as he dares -- no, don't --
speaker_heading: BRETT
text: gives Hal a confident wink in response, then pounces in front
text: of the gang, gun held high.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: End of the line!
text: Travers, Delmer, Kristel and Kynette are startled, but don't
text: immediately comply. This throws Brett off his stride.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: (nervous now)
dialog: You heard me! Drop the guns!
text: Travers smiles and steps closer to Brett. The others walk up
text: in front of Hal. Travers actually laughs.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: "End of the line"? That's classic.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You've got style. So, I'm going to
dialog: give you a three-count to figure out
dialog: how to turn the safety off.
text: Brett doesn't even look down -- he responds by FIRING a short
text: burst over Travers' head.
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: Nice try. I've got one of these at
dialog: home. Now drop 'em.
text: All drop their guns -- Brett, unfortunately, realizes at the
dialog: same time we do --
speaker_heading: BRETT
dialog: Hey -- where's the other guy --
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Brett, behind you!
text: Too late -- Brett can only twist around half way before --
speaker_heading: QUALEN
text: easily mows down Brett with his machine gun, riddling him with
text: at least thirty rounds at close range. Brett falls dead into
text: the snow. Qualen walks up to Brett's corpse, blood steaming in
text: the reddening snow, and kicks it over.
text: BELOW ON THE WALLSIDE
text: Gabe, reacting to the sound of the machine gun fire, climbs
dialog: up, but there's nothing he can do --
scene_heading: TRAVERS AND QUALEN
text: and the others pick up their guns.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (turning to face Hal)
dialog: Time to --
text: Travers sees that Hal is gone -- he's escaped in the
dialog: confusion.
scene_heading: IN THE WOODS - HAL
text: runs like his ass is on fire and practically collides with
text: Evan, who is more panicked than ever.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: What are we going to do --
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: You came up here to jump the spur --
text: (pulls Evan's chute out
dialog: of his pack)
dialog: This'd be a great time to do it.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: (panicked)
dialog: But --
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: (quick)
dialog: Listen -- they don't know you're up
dialog: here -- I'll draw their fire, you've
dialog: got to make the jump and get help.
speaker_heading: EVAN
dialog: I don't -- I -- uh --
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: (exasperated, grabs
dialog: chute)
dialog: Unless you want to do it the other way
dialog: around?
text: Evan snatches the parachute and runs off. Hal, wasting no
text: time, runs in the opposite direction, deliberately making as
text: much noise as he can, slapping branches, stomping on rocks.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - THE BANG
text: runs into the woods -- Qualen and Kristel, hearing Hal's noisy
text: retreat, run after him. But Travers stops for a second -- he
dialog: has spotted
speaker_heading: EVAN'S FOOTPRINTS
text: in the snow -- not unlike a neon arrow.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
text: runs in the direction of the footprints and quickly closes the
dialog: gap between him and
speaker_heading: EVAN
text: who tries to pull on the chute and run at the same time --
text: it's not easy. Evan closes one of the three buckles -- but
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
text: bursts out of the woods and runs up right behind him --
scene_heading: QUALEN AND KRISTEL
text: in the meantime, get behind Hal in a clearing -- Kristel FIRES
text: over his head.
speaker_heading: KRISTEL
dialog: Stop!
text: Hal, caught again, freezes in his tracks.
speaker_heading: EVAN
text: is still up and running -- he dodges Travers' fire, weaving
text: through trees, getting the second buckle closed -- he sees the
text: edge, just ahead, and puts on an extra burst of speed --
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
text: does likewise, still firing -- his clip runs out, but this
dialog: only buys Evan an extra few seconds --
speaker_heading: THE SPUR
text: is a rock formation that just out like a diving board -- Evan
text: runs like hell to the edge of it --
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
text: is right behind him, and has slapped a fresh clip in place,
dialog: but before he can shoot --
speaker_heading: EVAN
text: dives off the edge and clasps the third buckle --
scene_heading: ON THE LEDGE - GABE
text: is directly below a few hundred feet -- looking up, he thinks
dialog: Evan has made it -- but
scene_heading: ON THE SPUR EDGE - TRAVERS
text: throws himself down, aims quickly but carefully, and FIRES
text: twenty rounds towards Evan's falling figure --
speaker_heading: EVAN - FALLING
dialog: Evan LAUGHS -- he hasn't been hit --
speaker_heading: GABE - WATCHING
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Come on -- wait till you're out of
dialog: range -- don't pull it yet --
scene_heading: LONG SHOT - EVAN FALLING
text: Several seconds pass -- Evan is now several hundred feet down
text: and apparently out of firing range --
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
text: stops firing -- but doesn't seem unhappy at all.
speaker_heading: EVAN
text: LAUGHS more and pulls the D-ring -- the parachute billows
dialog: open, inflating --
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE PARACHUTE
text: which has been shredded by bullets that hit the pack -- as
text: quickly as it inflates, it deflates through dozens of
text: holes -- whatever resistance is left vanishes as the canopy
text: collapses.
speaker_heading: EVAN'S
text: exhilaration turns to panic as he frantically pulls on the
text: chute's guide lines -- but the more he does this, the faster
text: the chute caves in -- he SCREAMS as the chute finally gives
text: way and plummets right past
text: GABE ON THE LEDGE
dialog: who is powerless to do anything but watch --
speaker_heading: EVAN
text: falls the long, full five thousand feet, desperately,
text: uselessly, pulling in the lines of the tattered chute until
text: he's tangled in it like a shroud --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: turns away -- he can't watch Evan hit bottom -- he grimaces
text: and looks up with absolute hate at
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
text: who doesn't see Gabe -- he's laughing at Evan's desperation,
text: which ends as his death scream is cut off.
text: Hal is led over to the spur, with the other gang members
text: behind him. Hal looks as angry as Gabe.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: Was that Walker?
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: No such luck.
dialog: (to Hal, smiling)
dialog: Cheer up. Everyone should die in a
dialog: spot this beautiful.
text: ON THE LEDGE BELOW - CLOSE ON GABE
text: who has heard this and is shaking with fury.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Don't worry. You will.
scene_heading: LONG SHOT OF MOUNTAIN
text: On top, Hal reluctantly leads the gang away -- below, we can
text: see Gabe start out on a parallel path along the ledges.
scene_heading: EXT. RANGER STATION - HELIPAD - DAY
text: Winds or not, Maggie is untying the helicopter's rotor from
text: the bolts on the helipad. Frank, who has obviously just
text: awakened, rushes out of the station.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Maggie -- what are you doing --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I'm going to go nuts if I sit here one
dialog: more hour.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Still a little breezy out, Mag --
text: Maggie gets into the helicopter and starts the rotor.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (over engine's whine)
dialog: You coming?
text: Frank hesitates, but climbs in the other side. The helicopter
text: lifts off and heads toward the mountain range.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN - AERIAL SHOT - DAY
text: The next obstacle Hal is leading the gang through is a
text: buttress -- a large, stark boulder formation -- that lays
text: between the mountain they've just come from, and the nearest
text: mountain to it: the Tower. This is lower down from the
text: summit -- it's solid and treeless.
text: Hal and the rest of the expedition is totally exposed as they
text: climb in single file up to the top. Terrain is flat enough
text: that the climb amount to an uphill run on all fours.
text: CLOSER ON HAL AND GANG
text: Hal leads the gang forward -- and keeps casting anxious
text: glances back at them. And beyond them. Travers notices this.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Forget about it. He's smart, but he's
dialog: not invisible.
text: Hal looks back. Travers is right. There's absolutely no way
text: Gabe can come up behind them without being seen.
text: LOWER DOWN ON BLUFF
text: where the bluff meets a tree-lined plain. Gabe, in hiding,
text: watches Hal and the others go up. No, he can't follow them up
text: the bluff's side without being seen. But Gabe moves closer to
text: the bluff's base -- Gabe shoves through some trees to the
dialog: beginning of
speaker_heading: THE "CHIMNEY"
text: A crevice runs the entire length and breadth of the bluff.
speaker_heading: GABE
text: pulls out his ancient binoculars, and scans the crack.
scene_heading: GABE'S POV - THE CHIMNEY
text: Starting with an outside view, we can see that the crevice
text: runs all the way up, and through, the bluff -- but it's a
text: zig-zag, not a straight line.
text: Picture a mine shaft designed by a madman. The crack moves
text: upward, then erratically to the side, then straight up again.
text: The width of the crack is uneven, ranging from six inches to
text: six feet. And that's just how it looks on the outside.
text: There's no telling what the interior is like.
text: Gabe turns the binoculars to the inside of the crack. It's
text: hard to see much -- it's very, very dark. But it looks as if
text: the crack goes all the way through the bluff, as well as all
dialog: the way up it. On this route, Gabe can tunnel through the
text: mountain instead of going up the side.
speaker_heading: GABE
text: puts away the binoculars and wedges himself into the crack,
text: starting the long process of going up -- and through -- the
dialog: mountain formation.
scene_heading: EXT. COLORADO WILDERNESS - PLANE CRASH SITE - DAY
text: A frenzy of activity, as several dozen Treasury agents sift
text: through the snow for the wreckage of the CT-39, some taking
text: photos, some taking videotapes, some putting the pieces into
text: bags for analysis. Many bags. Many small bags.
scene_heading: WIDER ON CRASH SITE
text: The Treasury plane has been completely pulverized by the crash
dialog: and its subsequent explosion -- there are few pieces here that
text: aren't charred, and fewer still that are any larger than a
dialog: paperback book.
speaker_heading: WRIGHT
text: unhappily walks through the carnage and past agents gathering
text: up the plane, to a harried crash specialist from the FAA --
text: ROSS STUART (40s) -- who is organizing the debris.
speaker_heading: WRIGHT
dialog: What can you confirm?
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Well, sir -- it crashed. That, I can
dialog: confirm.
dialog: (condescending)
dialog: We've been here just about one hour.
dialog: These events take months to analyze.
dialog: So if you'll excuse me --
text: He walks away -- but Wright, pissed, spins him around.
speaker_heading: WRIGHT
dialog: No, I don't think I will. The reason
dialog: the FAA pays you is to exercise your
dialog: vast, amazing knowledge of these
dialog: "events". So I expect you to come up
dialog: with some stunning insights, something
dialog: a slow-witted fuck like me hasn't
dialog: already observed.
dialog: (gesturing to wreckage)
dialog: One: it didn't blow up in mid-air,
dialog: because the debris isn't widely
dialog: dispersed. But was there a bomb on
dialog: board that could have disabled it? I
dialog: wonder.
dialog: (pointing back)
dialog: Two: There wasn't an attempted
dialog: landing. Otherwise, there'd be debris
text: to the east of the wreckage, where the
dialog: plane was coming from. Did it come
dialog: straight down? That's got me
dialog: scratching my head too.
dialog: (gesturing back to
dialog: wreckage)
dialog: And three: the flight recorder's
dialog: tracer led us here in the first place.
dialog: So where is the goddamn thing? That
dialog: one's got me all aflush with
dialog: curiosity.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: (a little cowed)
dialog: You'll be the first to know.
speaker_heading: WRIGHT
dialog: Oh, I believe you.
text: Wright storms off as agents delicately handle debris.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF THE BLUFF/VISTA - DAY
text: A vista. From this point, you can see everything else in the
text: mountain range. The only thing left that's taller is the
text: Tower, a hundred yards away. Between the two mountains lies a
text: drop of a mere four thousand feet.
text: Hal has led the rest of the gang up to the edge. Travers
text: approaches him, furious.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: I thought you said there was an easy
text: way across.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: There is. You might not like it much.
dialog: Hal points
speaker_heading: FURTHER DOWN
text: A steep two hundred yard downhill climb leads to a wire that
text: bridges the two mountains. The same wire we saw at the
text: beginning -- left behind from Susan Collins' botched rescue.
scene_heading: TOP OF BLUFF - HAL AND TRAVERS
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Of course -- we'll have to do it hand
dialog: over hand. Seems I forgot my harness.
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Don't be. Lead on.
text: Hal is surprised to see Kynette pull a harness out of his pack
text: -- the one Travers used earlier. Disappointed, Hal leads the
text: downward climb, looking several hundred yards to
speaker_heading: THE CRACK
text: running up, and through, the bluff, coming out on this side.
speaker_heading: HAL'S FACE
text: registers a thought -- will he? -- then dismissal. Nah. He
dialog: couldn't.
scene_heading: INT. THE CRACK/CHIMNEY - CLOSE ON GABE'S FACE
text: Gabe is sweating, straining in the dark, climbing up -- this'd
dialog: be a good spot to pull back and take in the view, except --
speaker_heading: THE CHIMNEY
text: -- there's nowhere to pull back to. There's about two inches
text: of clearance between Gabe's chest and the rock, and about the
text: same between his back and the rock. To the right, there is no
text: light. At all. To the left, there's no light. Even above,
text: there is no light, because the crack isn't straight -- nature
text: isn't that obliging -- it zig-zags up. Gabe is well within the
text: mountain rock. Nothing could be closer to being buried alive
text: Gabe snakes through a spot where the crack goes straight up --
text: he takes out his penlight and turns it on --
scene_heading: GABE'S POV - INSIDE THE CRACK AROUND HIM
text: even this dim light reveals scores of bats hanging on the
text: wall, surrounding him, up and down, left and right --
speaker_heading: GABE'S FACE
text: is stuck somewhere between nausea and the realization that
dialog: he's made a big mistake.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: I didn't need to see that. I really
dialog: didn't.
text: Gabe cuts the light and slithers up through the dark.
scene_heading: EXT. RESCUE HELICOPTER - DAY
text: Maggie and Frank are flying low and fast, over treetops and
text: snow -- both are intently staring down --
speaker_heading: THEIR VIEW
text: is nothing but empty wilderness. But a BUZZER goes off --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE AND FRANK
text: turn their attention to the helicopter's heat scope, which
text: shows something alive beneath them.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Got 'em -- they're under the trees --
text: Maggie smiles and slows the copter over a clearing --
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS/THE COPTER
text: touches down. Maggie is out of it before the rotor has stopped
text: turning, running into the trees.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Hal! Gabe!
text: Maggie runs into the trees, headlong into
text: A PACK OF WOLVES
text: that are preying on -- a body. A pair of legs are gruesomely
text: sticking out from the feast. One wolf turns to SNARL at Maggie
text: -- but Frank runs up and pulls a gun from a holster.
text: Frank aims high and FIRES twice to scare the pack -- the
text: wolves run off. Maggie goes to the body -- Frank holds her
text: back, but she goes ahead anyway, worried it might be Gabe --
scene_heading: TIGHT ON MAGGIE
text: as she examines the body --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: It's Evan.
text: (she stands, looks up)
dialog: Parachute failed.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (not unkindly)
dialog: Damn fool. Why would anybody try that
text: in the middle of a storm.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Why would anybody try at all.
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Get the bag.
scene_heading: INT. BLUFF CRACK/CHIMNEY
text: Gabe has a quick climbing rhythm now. He pulls himself up with
text: his hands, then braces his body with his back, and pulls
text: himself up again -- he's not looking up, because he can't see
dialog: anything yet anyway -- naturally, this leads to --
text: A head and rock collision. Gabe's head crashes against a new
text: part of the crack, as the passage thins out. He gropes up.
text: The passage is narrowing to the point that he can't get
text: through it. Dead end.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Should've taken that left turn at
dialog: Albequerque.
text: Gabe backs down, and starts to slide across the side. With
text: his back wedged against the rear wall, he uses his feet to
text: push against the forward wall.
speaker_heading: GABE'S POV - BLACK
text: Zero visibility -- Gabe can't see what he's shoving toward.
dialog: There has never been light of any kind in here.
speaker_heading: GABE
text: blindly pushes to the side, rattled by the difficulty of doing
text: this in the dark.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: It's just like any other side move --
dialog: you can't see where the fuck you're
dialog: going, that's all --
text: Gabe stops and fishes out his penlight. Turning it on, it's
dialog: clear those batteries haven't gotten any more potent in the
text: last few hours. Gabe shines it to the side.
scene_heading: GABE'S POV - THE LIGHT
text: is fading fast. A match's last gasp is brighter.
speaker_heading: GABE
text: exasperated, puts the penlight in his mouth and moves on.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (garbled)
dialog: Much better.
text: Gabe inches on to the side. Looks up to see if the crack has
text: gotten wider. It hasn't. Gabe mumbles something phonetically
text: near "motherfucker" around the flashlight, aiming it up --
speaker_heading: GABE'S POV - UP
dialog: No opening larger than a mail slot --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: still cursing, still looking up, still moving to the side --
dialog: he gets the opening he wants, but not where he wants it --
text: The crack suddenly, drastically widens as he moves to the
text: side -- since he's been bracing his back against the wall,
text: Gabe falls out of control, twisting around, face down --
text: Gabe bounces down the walls for several yards and catches
text: himself by bracing his arms and legs against the crack. It's
text: now five feet wide as he painfully brakes himself --
scene_heading: GABE'S POV - THE PENLIGHT
text: falls out of Gabe's mouth and tumbles down, ping-ponging from
text: one side of the crack to the other as it tumbles a long, long
text: way down -- even after the light is gone, we can still hear
text: the penlight's receding clattering against the walls --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: is now, literally, in a jam. There are no handholds, no
text: ledges, and the walls are slick. All he can do is remain
text: braced against the crack's walls until his already sore arms
text: and legs give out.
scene_heading: EXT. RESCUE HELICOPTER - NEAR BLUFF'S BASE - DAY
text: Frank is now flying the helicopter -- a body bag is stashed in
text: the back, and Maggie is in the passenger seat.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (motioning down)
dialog: Bring it down here.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Maggie --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Just do it, Frank.
scene_heading: EXT. BLUFF BASE
text: The copter touches down -- Frank doesn't turn it off. Maggie
text: jumps out with a walkie talkie. Frank makes another try.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Maggie, this is dumb --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: No it isn't. I'm going to find
dialog: Brett -- I don't want to have to talk
text: to his widow too. Fly Evan's body
dialog: back to base -- I'll call you when
text: I've found Brett. Or Hal. Or Gabe.
dialog: Or anybody.
text: Maggie runs off into the snow as Frank lifts off. Maggie moves
text: quickly through the snow, and it isn't long before she spots
text: multiple tracks in the snow -- they lead toward, and up, the
text: buttress. Now she's really confused. But with nothing left to
text: do, she starts climbing up the side.
scene_heading: EXT. WIRE CROSSING - HAL'S POV
text: As we've caught Hal in mid-crossing, he's looking from whence
text: he came -- the opposite side of the buttress, where Travers
text: has a gun trained on him --
speaker_heading: HAL
text: unhappily hangs high above the ground from the harness kindly
dialog: provided by Travers --
scene_heading: HAL'S POV - ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE WIRE
text: Kristel is waiting, also with a gun trained on him. Hal
text: arrives and disengages -- the harness is pulled back.
scene_heading: BUTTRESS SIDE OF WIRE
text: Kynette pulls the harness back and hands it to Qualen, who's
text: standing next to Travers.
speaker_heading: KYNETTE
dialog: (motioning up)
dialog: I'm going back.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Look -- this part is nothing,
dialog: believe me --
speaker_heading: KYNETTE
text: Walker should be coming up by now.
text: Kynette, automatic strapped to his chest, rushes back to the
text: buttress' summit.
scene_heading: INT. BUTTRESS CRACK/CHIMNEY
text: Gabe is just as we left him. Face down, arms and legs pressing
text: against the five-foot gap of the tunnel walls.
text: Carefully, Gabe takes one hand off the wall, gets out his
text: lighter with the other, and ignites it for a look --
scene_heading: GABE'S POV - UPWARD
text: Just as the crack has widened below him -- it's wider above
text: him. More important, it slants at an easy enough angle to
dialog: allow him to walk up. If only he can get up there.
speaker_heading: GABE
text: snaps the lighter shut, pockets it, and readies himself.
text: Gabe steadily "walks" up the vertical passage by bracing
text: himself with one leg and one arm -- then moving the other
text: leg and arm up.
text: Gabe repeats this until he has his hands on the curved edge
text: where the crack snakes into a sideways passage. But there are
text: no handholds that will allow Gabe to get a grip and simply
text: swing over and climb up.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (winded)
dialog: So much for the easy part.
scene_heading: OVERHEAD ANGLE - THE CRACK
text: Gabe takes a deep breath, readies himself, and shoves himself
text: away from the wall with his arms, pushes himself into a squat
text: against the opposite wall, hanging for a second with no
text: support at all, and he springs from that all into
scene_heading: THE DIAGONAL PASSAGE
text: Gabe lands hard but flat on the passage and immediately starts
text: backsliding into the drop, but he digs in with his boots and
text: his hands. Safe at last. Gabe carefully stands in a crouch --
text: and starts heading up.
scene_heading: EXT. BUTTRESS TOP
text: Kynette moves to the edge, lies flat, and looks down --
scene_heading: KYNETTE'S POV - ON THE BUTTRESS SIDE
text: Maggie is climbing up, but she's still some way down -- and
text: the hood of her parka has been pulled over her head. All
text: Kynette can see is what she's wearing: an orange parka.
speaker_heading: KYNETTE
text: smiles and hits his headset radio.
speaker_heading: KYNETTE
text: He's on the way up. I could hear that
text: jacket before I could see it.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS (O.S.)
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Then get the money, kill him and get
dialog: back here. Now.
speaker_heading: KYNETTE
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: I'll wait till he comes to me.
text: Kynette flattens out to wait -- Maggie is coming up fast.
scene_heading: INT. MOUNTAIN CRACK/CHIMNEY
text: Gabe moves up through the diagonal section -- the crack is
text: starting to go directly upward. Gabe looks up --
scene_heading: GABE'S POV - TOP OF THE CRACK
text: It's coated with snow, but not too much -- Gabe can faintly
text: make out light shining through up there.
speaker_heading: GABE
text: knows the top is twenty feet away. Gabe starts up the easy
text: segment, his back braced against one wall.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF BUTTRESS - KYNETTE
text: is staring down intently at the climber below --
scene_heading: KYNETTE'S POV - MAGGIE
text: is now almost to the top -- sweating with exertion, she throws
text: her hood back.
speaker_heading: KYNETTE
text: keys his headset radio again.
speaker_heading: KYNETTE
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Bulletin. The climber isn't Walker --
dialog: it's a woman.
scene_heading: INT. MOUNTAIN CRACK/CHIMNEY
text: Gabe, wedged near the top of the crack, is ready to dig
text: through the snow -- but he hears the sound, muffled and
text: distant, of Kynette talking. Gabe strains to hear -- a bad
dialog: time to come up? Might be.
scene_heading: EXT. BUTTRESS SIDE
text: Maggie, tired, gets near the top and collapses, resting for a
text: moment, her arms on the edge -- Maggie looks up and is very
text: surprised to see Kynette, standing over her, smiling, his gun
text: aimed down at her.
speaker_heading: KYNETTE
dialog: Rotten weather for a climb, huh?
dialog: (aims barrel)
dialog: I have two questions I'd like to
dialog: trouble you with. Ready?
text: Maggie stares up, frozen -- whatever she was expecting, it
dialog: wasn't this.
speaker_heading: KYNETTE
dialog: This first one's easy. Do you know a
dialog: man named Gabe Walker?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (breathless, scared)
dialog: Where is he?
speaker_heading: KYNETTE
dialog: You don't know either? I am sorry.
dialog: That was question number two.
dialog: (lowers barrel)
dialog: Thanks for your time.
text: As Kynette tightens his finger around the trigger --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: appears -- he completes his run toward Kynette's back and
text: kicks him over the edge --
speaker_heading: KYNETTE
text: goes flying over Maggie, his shots going wild -- but he
text: catches himself on the rock and comes to a painful but safe
text: halt after skidding down ten feet --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: yanks Maggie to her feet and onto the top. Maggie gets a good
text: look at Gabe -- his clothes are slashed, he's covered with
text: cuts, and coated with slime and dirt from the crack. He looks
text: like he's just spent a week in Hell. Gabe doesn't react to her
text: reaction -- he just grabs her hand and runs.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
text: chooses this moment to show up at the opposite edge -- he
text: fires and automatic BURST at Gabe and Maggie.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Come on --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Where? --
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Here.
text: Gabe jumps on a spot in the snow over the crack, caving it
text: in -- Gabe falls two feet into
scene_heading: THE CRACK - MAGGIE'S POV
text: Gabe has grabbed, and is hanging from, a rope anchored to a
text: piton on the edge of the rock. He's also glowering up at
text: Maggie a little impatiently.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Today, goddamit!
text: Gabe rappels down the rope into the darkness.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
text: hesitates -- she's still getting used to the idea of being
dialog: shot at --
speaker_heading: KYNETTE
text: woozy but recovered, has climbed up -- he runs toward the
text: opening, FIRING his gun --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
text: drops into the relative safety of the crack and rappels
dialog: downward.
text: Maggie reaches rope's end thirty feet down, as the vertical
text: passage again becomes diagonal. Gabe is there waiting.
speaker_heading: KYNETTE
text: reaches the edge of the crack and FIRES down into it --
scene_heading: GABE AND MAGGIE - FURTHER DOWN
text: -- bullets are RICOCHETING all over -- Gabe throws himself
text: over Maggie to shield her.
speaker_heading: KYNETTE
text: can't see what he's shooting at, so he mercifully stops.
text: Seeing the rope, he bends down to climb after them --
scene_heading: GABE AND MAGGIE - FURTHER DOWN
text: Gabe reaches up and tugs gently on the rope twice --
scene_heading: KYNETTE - REACHING FOR THE ROPE
text: -- which is tied in a standard climber's slipknot and comes
text: undone with a final tug -- the rope, freed of the piton, falls
text: down, but Kynette firmly grabs hold of the end --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: feels the rope go taut -- he yanks the rope down hard --
speaker_heading: KYNETTE
text: gets more pull than he counted on and takes a head first fall
text: into the crack, disappearing with a scream -- Qualen has just
dialog: arrived in time to see this --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: looks over as Kynette bounces past him, a few feet away -- the
text: rope goes slack in his hand as Kynette falls below.
scene_heading: UP ABOVE - QUALEN
text: in frustration, FIRES a burst straight down into the crack --
scene_heading: GABE AND MAGGIE - IN THE CRACK/CHIMNEY
text: Gabe and Maggie move laterally through the crack -- now about
text: thirty feet from where they started, so ricochets are a
text: serious but decreasing problem.
text: The crack narrows from five to three feet. Gabe edges Maggie
text: down into it, and along a ledge moving to the side.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: This way.
dialog: (off Maggie's look)
dialog: I like the outside of the mountain
dialog: better too, but --
text: Gabe and Maggie move along the ledge --
speaker_heading: QUALEN
text: is still at the edge of the crack -- stymied. He's definitely
text: not climbing down after them -- he pulls back from the edge.
scene_heading: IN THE CRACK/CHIMNEY - GABE AND MAGGIE
text: find a comparative point of comfort -- a toe-sized ledge.
text: Maggie is moving ahead of Gabe.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Stop.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: We can't --
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: I need to stop.
text: Exhausted, Gabe braces himself against the wall.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (looks at Maggie)
dialog: I'm glad to see you -- but Christ, I
dialog: wish you hadn't come.
scene_heading: EXT. WIRE CROSSING - TOWER SIDE - DAY
text: Qualen whizzes across the wire on the harness, easily making
text: it to where Hal, Travers and Kristel are waiting.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Don't tell me --
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: (disengaging)
text: He's still alive.
text: Travers takes a couple of heavy swings at the connecting bolt
text: with Hal's axe. Qualen grabs his arm before he can take a
text: third swing -- and looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
text: For another two minutes.
scene_heading: IN THE CRACK/CHIMNEY - GABE AND MAGGIE
text: Gabe catches his breath. All this is taking its toll on him.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: It hurts just looking at you.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (still panting)
dialog: Try it from this side. Do you still
dialog: have your radio?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: It's not going to work in here.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Let's give it a try.
dialog: (she hands it to him)
dialog: I'm in bad need of a ride.
dialog: (keys it)
dialog: Come in, Rescue Unit --
scene_heading: EXT. TOWER FACE - DAY
text: Hal is leading the expedition upward along a ledge -- the
text: radio, in Travers' pack, comes to life.
speaker_heading: GABE (O.S.)
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: -- Come in, Rescue One --
text: Travers stares daggers at Qualen. Qualen looks to his watch.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: Patience.
scene_heading: INT. RESCUE STATION
text: The radio is reading Gabe loud, if not clear -- the
text: interference of solid rock is garbling it. But we can see out
text: the window that Frank is now between radios, carefully
text: hauling Evan's body from the helicopter to the station on a
text: collapsible gurney. No one else is in the station.
speaker_heading: GABE (O.S.)
dialog: (over radio, broken up)
dialog: -- Come in, Frank --
scene_heading: INT. BUTTRESS CRACK/CHIMNEY
text: Gabe, exasperated, stops for a moment.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Is there anybody else on the radio?
text: Maggie shakes her head no.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: I take a year off and the department
dialog: goes to hell.
dialog: (keys it)
dialog: -- Come in, Rescue Unit --
scene_heading: TOP OF BUTTRESS - HIGH ANGLE
text: We can see there are three holes punched in the snow along the
dialog: crack's top --
text: CLOSER ON ONE OF THE HOLES
text: Recognizably the part of the crack Gabe and Maggie dove
text: into -- but perched on the edge is a block of plastic
text: explosive -- the detonator LED races down -- 0:20 -- 0:19 --
speaker_heading: A SECOND HOLE
text: has been punched in the snow at the center point of the
text: crevice's top -- another bomb has been planted there --
scene_heading: A THIRD HOLE
text: at the opposite end of the crevice has a third timer tied to
dialog: a third pack of plastics --
scene_heading: EXT. TOWER FACE
text: Qualen is staring at his watch, but pointing the others toward
text: the buttress.
speaker_heading: GABE (O.S.)
dialog: (via radio)
dialog: Come in, Frank -- over --
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: Try to get thirty million in
dialog: entertainment out of this, because he
dialog: is definitely in for thirty million
dialog: worth of pain.
text: Gabe's radio calls continue as Qualen extends his arm towards
text: the buttress and starts a silent hand countdown, stage manager
dialog: style -- five -- four -- three --
scene_heading: INSERT - TIMER
text: The LED runs down -- 0:02 -- 0:01 --
scene_heading: THE BUTTRESS TOP
text: is shattered by a huge blast as the first bomb detonates --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CRACK/CHIMNEY
text: The walls are pulverized near the top and cave in, raining
dialog: rocks further down towards --
speaker_heading: GABE AND MAGGIE
text: who are hit by a blast of air booming down through the
text: confined space -- Gabe drops the radio -- Maggie slips, but
text: Gabe grabs her -- both slide down the crack, out of control,
text: until it narrows to a three foot width -- and they stop --
text: Gabe shoves Maggie against the wall and tries to protect her
text: with his body as the rocks start to rain down --
speaker_heading: TOWER FACE
text: Hal lunges at Qualen, but is held back by Travers.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: You sick fuck --
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: Don't worry. They may still be alive.
dialog: That was the small one.
speaker_heading: RESCUE STATION
text: Frank stops wheeling the gurney and looks up at the far-off
text: blast, and the smoke, amazed.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Jesus -- that's some flare.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CRACK
text: Rocks tumble down it, filling it in and sealing it off --
scene_heading: FURTHER DOWN - GABE
text: is braced over Maggie, protecting her from the first round of
text: falling rocks, but rolling THUNDER in the crack announces that
text: more is coming -- Gabe looks up as the noise gets closer --
text: ABOVE IN THE CRACK
text: The rockslide arrives -- the crack is filled in seconds with
text: rocks and dirt, packing it in -- Gabe tries to hold on, but is
text: shoved down by the falling rocks -- Maggie, however, is
text: buried in the crack as it fills --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: is knocked down to a point where the crack narrows -- he stops
text: himself by jamming his body against the sides. Suddenly, it's
text: quiet. A little dirt whistles through, but that's all.
text: The cave-in has stopped, as it's filled in the crack above.
text: And Maggie is in the middle of it. Gabe unsheaths his ice axe
text: and starts hacking up to get at Maggie. Dirt and rocks fall in
text: his face as he digs --
scene_heading: BOMB NUMBER TWO - INSERT
text: Another LED is counting down from 3:00 -- 2:59 -- 2:58 --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CRACK
text: Gabe frantically hacks at the ceiling of dirt -- rock and soil
text: tumble down, but no sign of Maggie. Gabe uncovers one of
text: Maggie's feet. Is it too late? Gabe digs up around her --
text: Maggie realizes Gabe is there -- she starts kicking.
text: Finally Maggie tumbles out of the cave-in -- gasping and
text: coughing, but alive. Gabe catches her and brushes the dirt
text: off her face.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (terrified, coughing)
dialog: Why are they doing this?
speaker_heading: RESCUE STATION
text: Frank, having lain Evan's body to rest, runs back to the
text: helicopter, starts it up and takes off.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CRACK/CHIMNEY
text: Gabe is leading Maggie horizontally through the crack, fast
dialog: and furious --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: We might be able to get up that way --
dialog: there's an opening --
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: No -- there could be another bomb up
dialog: there -- even if there isn't, we could
dialog: get another cave-in. The only sure way
text: out is through the side.
scene_heading: EXT. TREASURY PLANE CRASH SITE - DAY
text: Treasury agents sift debris as Davis runs up to Stuart.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: I've got something here.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Let's have it.
speaker_heading: DAVIS
text: There's an unconfirmed report of a
text: distress call made from a plane that
dialog: crashed.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: That's really, really interesting, but
dialog: --
dialog: (gestures around)
dialog: -- kind of old news, don't you think?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: This call was supposedly made from a
text: plane that crash landed. After it
dialog: landed.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: (waves it off)
dialog: Sounds like they got it wrong. Next
dialog: time you interrupt my work make sure
dialog: it's something I can use.
scene_heading: INT. MOUNTAIN CRACK/CHIMNEY
text: Gabe and Maggie cautiously move along a single ledge --
text: finally, some light can be seen, thirty feet ahead, as they
text: round a corner.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Come on -- we're almost out.
text: The crack narrows, and Gabe straddles it, putting his feet on
text: the opposite edge to walk faster. But before he can go on --
speaker_heading: A HAND
text: grabs one of Gabe's ankles from below and yanks him down --
text: Gabe tumbles painfully, braking himself in front of
speaker_heading: KYNETTE
text: bruised and bloody, who has survived the earlier fall and made
text: his way out. His look is not a forgiving one.
speaker_heading: KYNETTE
dialog: Miss me?
text: Kynette smashes Gabe's face with a devastating, brass-knuckled
dialog: punch --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: falls back, desperately grabbing at the walls to stop himself
text: from going all the way down -- as he weakly tries to get up --
speaker_heading: KYNETTE
text: calmly opens his knife, and re-laces his fingers into its
text: brass-knuckle handle.
speaker_heading: TOWER FACE
text: The gang and Hal watch the mountain top, with very different
text: expectations and hopes -- their vantage point keeps them from
text: seeing where the crack actually comes out.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: (looks to Hal)
dialog: You might say a few words for your
dialog: friends -- this is the one that will
dialog: bury them.
scene_heading: BOMB NUMBER TWO - INSERT
dialog: Ready to blow -- 0:10 -- 0:09 --
scene_heading: IN THE CRACK - MAGGIE
text: can only look down helplessly at
scene_heading: GABE AND KYNETTE
text: fighting -- Gabe is on his feet, but Kynette, slashing at him
text: with his knife, is forcing Gabe to back up -- the crack is
text: getting wider, and finding footholds while crab-walking
text: backwards in the dark isn't east.
text: Gabe's in a rotten fighting position -- as he has to spread
text: his feet out wider as he backs up, he's always lower than
dialog: Kynette.
text: Gabe throws a punch at Kynette's stomach, but there's no power
text: to it. Kynette hits Gabe with a brutal knuckle-duster punch --
text: Gabe flies back several feet, somehow managing to straddle the
text: crack walls -- which are now four feet apart. Kynette moves in
dialog: for the kill.
scene_heading: BOMB NUMBER TWO - INSERT
text: The LED counts down -- 0:02 -- 0:01 -- 0:00 -- but doesn't
text: detonate. A green light starts flashing, but the bomb hasn't
dialog: gone off.
scene_heading: IN THE CRACK/CHIMNEY
text: Kynette moves in over Gabe and swings down with the knife --
text: But Gabe grabs his knife hand, and adding his own force to the
text: swing, imbeds the knife to the hilt in the rock wall,
text: trapping Kynette's hand in the brass-knuckle handle.
text: Gabe stabilizes himself on Kynette's trapped arm and gets a
text: little payback -- three solid roundhouse punches to Kynette's
text: face -- he then climbs up his pinned opponent, stepping up
text: on Kynette's stuck hand as if it were a piton.
speaker_heading: TOWER FACE
text: Qualen's smirk is wiped off his face. The bomb didn't work?
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: I'm not sure -- I set the timer --
text: Qualen gestures helplessly, putting the radio in Hal's reach.
text: Hal takes advantage of this, throws off Travers, and grabs the
dialog: radio.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: (keying radio)
dialog: Gabe, it's a dud --
dialog: But the second Hal transmits --
speaker_heading: BOMB NUMBER TWO
text: detonates over the central part of the crevice, and as
dialog: promised, it's even bigger than the first --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE CRACK
text: The bomb instantly blasts tons of rock down the crevice --
speaker_heading: GABE AND MAGGIE
text: The RUMBLE of the approaching rockslide is unmistakable --
text: Gabe shoves Maggie forward --
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Move!
text: Maggie doesn't have to be told twice -- she and Gabe move out
dialog: the narrowed crack quickly, but under the circumstances,
dialog: this "running" looks damn slow --
speaker_heading: KYNETTE
text: struggles with the stuck knife as the cave-in knocks him off
text: the wall and buries him instantly --
speaker_heading: GABE AND MAGGIE
text: cover the last ten feet, shoved forward by an airburst from
text: the giant explosion -- they make it to the crack's edge at
dialog: last, but on the
text: OUTSIDE OF THE MOUNTAIN
text: Gabe and Maggie still have to cling desperately to the sheer
text: wall -- the airburst has turned the crack into a wind
text: tunnel -- it's as if the mountain were trying to blow them
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: TOWER FACE
text: Hal, shocked, stares at the enormity of the explosion. Qualen
text: looks serenely satisfied.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: When I was seventeen, I was a sentry
text: on the East Berlin boundary.
dialog: There was a problem, then -- too many
dialog: defectors were managing to sneak
text: through the wilderness to the west. A
dialog: man would take them through, every
dialog: night of every week -- a man like your
dialog: friend.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He had quite a sense of humor. Every
dialog: time he got someone through, he'd
dialog: radio us at midnight to let us know
dialog: how many. "Five tonight." "Eight
dialog: more have been freed tonight." No one
dialog: could find the route. It made me look
dialog: bad.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I looked day and night and finally I
dialog: found it. A tunnel. I didn't tell me
dialog: superiors. I put a charge there, with
text: a timer to trigger a radio receiver on
dialog: the detonator. At midnight. Our friend
dialog: made his radio report, and I heard him
dialog: say "seven" before the explosion.
dialog: (beat)
text: They pulled eight bodies out of the
dialog: tunnel, and I was promoted to
text: intelligence the next day.
text: Hal, stunned, looks at the radio, realizing Qualen tricked
text: him into detonating the bomb. Travers, grinning, takes the
text: radio from Hal and pats him on the back.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Thanks. We couldn't have killed him
dialog: without you.
scene_heading: GABE AND MAGGIE - ON THE WALL
text: The force of the airburst, as brief as it is strong, is over.
text: Dust slowly swirls out -- Gabe and Maggie raise their heads.
text: Gabe looks back -- the crack is now sealed off. Gabe takes a
text: piton and hammer from his belt and hands it to Maggie along
text: with the rope.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Knock this in the side. Make it firm.
text: Maggie does as Gabe takes the binoculars out, and climbs out
text: on a slim toehold so he can look up the wall.
scene_heading: GABE'S POV - UP THE WALL
text: Gabe whips the binoculars up to the top edge of the wall. It's
text: blurry -- Gabe focuses the binoculars on -- the third
text: bomb, visible on the mountain's edge. The LED counts down,
text: but it's partly obscured. All Gabe can see is the seconds, not
dialog: the minutes, that remain -- :42 -- :41 --
speaker_heading: GABE (O.S.)
dialog: Bad news. There's another bomb up
dialog: there. We've got to move quick.
text: Gabe scans methodically but rapidly down the rock below. All
text: smooth. Until -- Gabe swings the binoculars back. There's a
text: lip ninety feet below, leading into the wall. A cave.
speaker_heading: GABE (O.S.)
dialog: Good news. There's a cave down there.
speaker_heading: GABE
text: puts away the binoculars and swings back to Maggie -- she lets
text: the length of rope drop. It's thirty feet long. Not even
text: almost long enough to get to the shelter. Gabe leans against
text: the crack wall, drained. Now what?
scene_heading: HELICOPTER - MOVING OVER MOUNTAINS
text: Frank is in the air, heading back out toward the range,
text: frantically working the radio.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Maggie -- come in, Maggie, this is
dialog: Rescue One --
speaker_heading: TOWER FACE
text: Frank's call is heard on the radio. Travers takes it, and
dialog: takes charge.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: There's our ride out of here. Everyone
dialog: out of sight -- except you, Kristel.
dialog: (hands her radio)
dialog: Make the distress call. You're so good
text: at it.
text: All scramble up towards the clearing.
scene_heading: INSERT - THE THIRD BOMB
dialog: We can see what Gabe couldn't -- the timer has about two
dialog: minutes left -- 1:59 -- 1:58 --
scene_heading: GABE AND MAGGIE - AT THE CRACK'S EDGE
text: Gabe looks completely defeated. Can't go up. Can't go back in.
dialog: Can't go down.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (frantic)
dialog: What are we going to do?
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (defeated)
dialog: Die. I'm sorry, Maggie. I'm sorry you
dialog: got into this.
text: Gabe and Maggie fuse together in a tight embrace -- a final
text: embrace. But Gabe opens his eyes as the rope, still in
text: Maggie's hand, brushes his cheek. The end is frayed.
text: Gabe's eyes light up. Inspiration. Gabe breaks off the embrace
text: and snatches the rope from her -- he pulls at the end and
text: furiously starts unravelling it.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: What are you doing?
scene_heading: EXT. TREASURY PLANE CRASH SITE - DAY
text: Davis has just filled in Wright on the "unconfirmed" distress
text: call. Wright looks furious.
speaker_heading: WRIGHT
dialog: He didn't think a distress call from a
dialog: crashed plane was "important"?
dialog: (Davis nods)
dialog: Get me a fucking radio! Now!
scene_heading: EXT. HELICOPTER
text: flying over the mountains.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER
text: Frank is practically there, heading toward the buttress and
text: the facing Tower.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Come in, Maggie, over --
speaker_heading: KRISTEL (O.S.)
dialog: (over radio -- "weak")
dialog: Alpha Charlie Niner -- please --
dialog: help --
text: Frank recognizes the pilot's voice from the "distress call".
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: I copy, Charlie Niner -- what's your
dialog: position -- over --
text: An aerial flare fires up, leaving a clear marker.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Sit tight, Charlie Niner -- I'm right
dialog: on top of you.
scene_heading: GABE AND MAGGIE - AT THE CRACK'S EDGE
text: Gabe is still unravelling the rope fiber -- it's three
text: different segments wound together. The helicopter flies
text: overhead -- and past.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (shouting, waving)
dialog: Frank! Down here! Frank!
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Forget about it. He can't hear you.
dialog: (hands Maggie some rope)
dialog: Tie these together. Tight.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: -- Are you out of your mind --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: This is rope from the Gordon exhibit.
dialog: The way guys climbed then, they'd tie
dialog: on three at a time -- this rope'll
dialog: take around nine hundred pounds.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Gabe -- this rope is sixty years old
dialog: --
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (misses the point)
dialog: Yeah, they made it pretty good then.
dialog: Each of these strands ought to hold
text: about 300 pounds before snapping.
text: Gabe rapidly ties the rope to the piton -- Maggie works on the
text: third connecting knot as she does the mental calculation of
text: what she and Gabe weigh together.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (dazed)
dialog: Ought to. About.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Will it hold?
text: Gabe takes the line from her and lets it drop. Ninety feet of
text: what looks like twine.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Depends on how big a breakfast you
dialog: had. You want to go first?
text: Maggie's stunned -- but there's no choice. She starts the
text: rappel down, and Gabe is close behind.
scene_heading: INSERT - THE THIRD BOMB
dialog: is ready to blow -- 0:12 -- 0:11 --
scene_heading: MAGGIE AND GABE - RAPPELLING DOWN
text: To make this even trickier, they have to swing over to the
text: side about fifteen feet to get to the cave -- meaning they
dialog: have to move down in pendulum type swings that put even more
dialog: pressure on
speaker_heading: THE ROPE
text: which looks sorely tested at one knot -- it's coming undone --
scene_heading: MAGGIE AND GABE - RAPPELLING
text: They swing down lower -- twenty feet to the cave, four
dialog: thousand to the ground --
scene_heading: INSERT - THE BOMB
dialog: -- 0:04 -- 0:03 --
scene_heading: MAGGIE AND GABE - RAPPELLING
text: They reach the end of the rope -- six feet above the cave
text: and fifteen feet away laterally.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Swing towards it -- and drop!
text: Maggie nods -- they start the swing over -- as they get over
dialog: the cave's lip --
speaker_heading: THE ROPE
dialog: snaps --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE AND GABE
text: fall, landing roughly on the cave's narrow lip -- Gabe
text: starts to slip over, but Maggie pulls him back as --
text: ABOVE ON THE WALL
text: The bomb detonates and starts raining debris -- an instant,
dialog: massive rockslide --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE AND GABE
text: dive into the small cave as the rockslide tumbles past --
text: exhausted, they collapse on the cave floor.
scene_heading: THE HELICOPTER - OVER THE TOWER
text: Frank, obviously, is surprised by the nearby explosion.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: What the fuck --
text: But he sees Kristel in a clearing. Face down in the snow.
dialog: First things first.
scene_heading: EXT. TOWER/CLEARING
text: Frank lands near her, and rushes over to her. Frank turns her
text: over and breaks a capsule under her nose. She "wakes up" with
text: a start and looks "terrified".
speaker_heading: KRISTEL
dialog: What -- who are --
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Don't worry. I'm here to help.
speaker_heading: KRISTEL
dialog: (recovered)
dialog: Glad to hear it.
text: Kristel sees the snap is off Frank's holster -- she grabs it,
text: spins it around, and pulls the trigger. CLICK. Frank grabs
text: her wrist with a move faster than you'd expect from him, and
text: he yanks the pistol back.
speaker_heading: FRANK
text: Jailhouse load. First chamber's
dialog: empty --
dialog: (aims gun)
dialog: -- the rest aren't. Forgive me, but
dialog: things have been a little strange this
dialog: morning.
text: Nearby, the helicopter radio crackles to life. Frank backs
text: toward the helicopter, keeping the gun trained on Kristel.
text: But Frank only gets to the helicopter door before --
speaker_heading: DELMER
text: comes out of hiding and empties a clip from his automatic into
text: Frank. Frank is pinned to the door by the fusillade before he
text: can even get a shot off. Travers runs over to Delmer and
text: shoves the barrel up.
speaker_heading: TRAVER
dialog: Stop!
dialog: (explaining)
dialog: You'll damage the helicopter.
text: As if to punctuate this, Frank -- and the now ruined pilot
text: side door -- fall to the ground. The radio continues to squawk
text: as Travers grabs Frank's discarded gun.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (to Kristel)
dialog: Answer that.
text: Kristel brushes the snow off her and goes over to the radio.
speaker_heading: STUART (O.S.)
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Calling Rocky Mountain Rescue -- come
dialog: in, Rocky Mountain Rescue -- over --
speaker_heading: KRISTEL
dialog: (keying radio)
dialog: Rocky Mountain Rescue One, over --
scene_heading: EXT. TREASURY PLANE CRASH SITE - DAY
text: Wright, davis, and an irritated Stuart huddle over a radio.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: This is Ross Stuart, Federal Aviation
dialog: Administration -- please identify --
dialog: over --
scene_heading: EXT. HELICOPTER - DAY
text: By now, the others have come out of hiding and up to the
text: helicopter. Kristel grabs some papers from a plastic packet on
text: the helicopter seat -- and keys the mike.
speaker_heading: KRISTEL
dialog: Copy, FAA. This is Margaret Deighan,
dialog: Rocky Mountain Rescue. Over --
speaker_heading: STUART (O.S.)
dialog: We have an unconfirmed report of an
dialog: air crash in your area, and a distress
dialog: call on this frequency -- can you
dialog: confirm -- over --
speaker_heading: KRISTEL
dialog: (keying mike)
text: Copy, FAA. Distress call came at
dialog: approximately eleven hundred hours
dialog: yesterday. I investigated -- the call
text: turned out to be a false alarm. Over.
scene_heading: EXT. TREASURY PLANE CRASH SITE - DAY
text: Stuart gestures with exasperated triumph.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Please repeat, Rocky Mountain
dialog: Rescue -- distress call was a false
dialog: alarm? -- over --
speaker_heading: KRISTEL (O.S.)
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Repeat, distress call was a definite
dialog: false alarm -- we've had several here.
dialog: Somebody's sick idea of a joke. Do you
dialog: require further assistance -- over --
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Not from you. Thanks, Rocky Mountain
dialog: Rescue -- over and out --
text: Stuart shuts off the radio with finality.
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: I don't want to say I told you so. But
dialog: I did. Can I go back to work now?
scene_heading: EXT. HELICOPTER/TOWER CLEARING - DAY
text: Kristel smiles and puts the radio mike back into its bracket.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: I almost believed you myself.
text: Travers smiles and turns, looking at
speaker_heading: HAL
text: trembling with fury and grief, bent over Frank's body as the
text: last trace of vapor -- his breath -- trails from his lips.
text: He's gone. Hal gently closes the eyes of his friend.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: (quiet)
dialog: Goodbye, Frank.
text: Travers moves up behind Hal and kicks him.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Time for number three. Unless you want
dialog: to have a longer conversation with him
dialog: elsewhere.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: (low)
dialog: Fuck off.
text: Travers kicks him in the face, knocking him into the snow.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: I think I'll wait here. You just
dialog: murdered three of my friends. Sooner
dialog: or later, whoever's chasing you is
text: going to show up and return the favor,
dialog: and I'd love to watch.
text: Travers puts his gun at Hal's forehead and shrugs.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Suit yourself. You see, we just had a
dialog: little interface with several branches
dialog: of the federal government -- one of
dialog: whose members I know has zero
dialog: imagination -- and I can tell you, the
dialog: cavalry just isn't going to make it by
dialog: this week.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: No, you're taking us where we want to
dialog: go. Because you want to return that
dialog: favor and you want to do more than
dialog: watch. You want to kill me -- more
dialog: than anything, even more than you want
dialog: to keep on breathing, and with a
dialog: little more time you pray you'll get
dialog: that chance.
dialog: (tightens trigger)
dialog: Am I right?
text: Hal's answer is a stony, loathing stare. He gets up. But --
scene_heading: INSERT - HAL'S HAND
text: -- we can see Hal has palmed something from Frank's body.
scene_heading: INT. CAVE - GABE AND MAGGIE
text: Dust from the rockslide is drifting past the cave opening, but
text: the worst is over. Gabe rolls Maggie over carefully.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: My ears are ringing -- but I'm all
dialog: right. Gabe, what's going on?
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (shows money in his pack)
dialog: This. That plane crash -- it's a half
dialog: dozen guys who were smart enough to
dialog: steal fifty million bucks, but dumb
dialog: enough to drop it all over the range.
dialog: They've got Hal as a bird dog -- and
dialog: right now they're heading for the rest
dialog: of it.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: GABE
text: It's close to the lake -- Hal's
text: probably leading them on the slowest
dialog: possible route down to it.
dialog: (stiffly gets up)
dialog: I can get there first -- all I have to
dialog: do is make it along the north wall to
dialog: the Bitker ladder --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: "All?" Jesus, Gabe -- what do you
dialog: expect to do then?
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (aching)
dialog: Something -- subtle.
text: Gabe lurches towards the cave opening, looking more like
text: Quasimodo than a champion climber. Maggie stops him.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I'm going with you.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: No way. You're climbing back down --
dialog: try to get to the station or find some
dialog: help.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: I'm just as good a climber as you
dialog: are -- and right now, I'm definitely
text: in better shape.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (hard)
dialog: And you're definitely not going --
text: Maggie stares Gabe down. Guess who won all the arguments when
text: they were together. Gabe's face is a portrait of familiar
text: exasperation.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Okay. Come on --
text: As they move out of the cave together, Gabe favors one foot.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: -- but the second you slow me down,
dialog: I'm leaving --
dialog: (slips on sore leg,
dialog: Maggie catches him)
dialog: -- I'm leaving you behind. Understood?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (helping Gabe out)
dialog: Anything you say, Gabe.
scene_heading: EXT. TREASURY PLANE CRASH SITE - ON CHUNK OF WRECKAGE
dialog: If you have a good imagination, this corner of charcoal looks
dialog: like it could have been --
speaker_heading: WRIGHT (O.S.)
text: One of the currency cases.
scene_heading: WRIGHT AND DAVIS
text: are standing over some of the wreckage. One of the suits bags
text: and tags the "briefcase".
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: We've tested the ash inside -- it's
dialog: the right paper.
speaker_heading: WRIGHT
dialog: What about the men?
speaker_heading: DAVIS
dialog: It's -- hard to tell. But forensics
dialog: says yes. All of them were in the
dialog: plane.
speaker_heading: WRIGHT
dialog: (sags with the news)
dialog: Everything's accounted for, then --
dialog: time to head back and start making
dialog: excuses.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Fifty million bucks up in smoke, and I
dialog: just don't give a shit. It's one more
dialog: run of the press. But we lost five
dialog: good men and they aren't so easily
dialog: replaced.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Especially a guy like Travers.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN TOP/TOWER - HELICOPTER - DAY
text: Dedicated agent Travers leans in reasonable comfort against
text: the helicopter and keys his headset mike.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Qualen. How far along are you?
speaker_heading: QUALEN (O.S.)
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Not as far as we'd be with the
dialog: helicopter.
scene_heading: FURTHER DOWN ON MOUNTAIN/TOWER
text: Qualen, Kristel and Delmer follow Hal's lead down the side --
text: it's not too steep a grade, but it's solid rock and it's
dialog: covered with ice and fresh snow -- all have to brace
text: themselves with their hands to keep from slipping down.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS (O.S.)
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: We have less than half a tank of fuel,
dialog: Eric -- if we burn it up treasure
dialog: hunting we'll never get off this rock.
dialog: Now -- how far away are you?
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: (keys radio)
dialog: It looks like two miles, but --
text: Qualen's foot slides out from under him -- he catches himself.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: -- it'll take some time.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS (O.S.)
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Time we have -- Walker's dead,
dialog: Wright's an idiot. And our guide --
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: (keys radio)
dialog: What about him?
speaker_heading: TRAVERS (O.S.)
dialog: (over radio)
text: As soon as he becomes a convenience
dialog: instead of a necessity -- kill him.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: (keys radio)
dialog: Agreed.
speaker_heading: HAL
text: can only hear Qualen's end of the conversation -- but his face
text: shows he can guess what they're talking about.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: GABE'S FACE - CLOSE
dialog: Gabe's rattled too -- but for a brand new reason -- we PULL
text: BACK to see Gabe at
speaker_heading: THE WIRE'S EDGE
text: where the wire -- that wire -- links the buttress with the
text: facing Tower. Whipping in the wind, it looks risky -- but
dialog: that's not the problem.
text: Gabe stares at the other edge for a moment. Immobile.
text: Remembering Susan's death. Gabe shakes out of it when --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Gabe?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'll go first.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: If I don't go first, I might not go at
dialog: all.
text: Gabe hooks his ankles over the wire and starts dragging
text: himself, hand over hand, across the abyss -- no safety line
text: this time. As his weight pulls the line taut, the wind rocks
text: him back and forth. Gabe steadily drags himself out --
scene_heading: GABE ON WIRE - LONG SHOT
text: Fatigue stops Gabe in the middle -- a half mile up, strung
text: between two gigantic mountains, he looks as insignificant and
dialog: alone as a man possibly can be --
speaker_heading: CLOSER ON GABE
text: Panting with exertion, frozen -- he can barely hold his grip
text: and has an elbow crooked around the wire for support. Gabe's
text: eyes are shut -- he looks near collapse --
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - GABE'S POV
text: Gabe is falling from the wire in slow motion, trailing
text: Susan -- she spirals out of reach as his line SNAPS him
dialog: back --
speaker_heading: GABE'S
text: grip unconsciously relaxes -- but his eyes jolt open and he
text: clamps both hands shut on the wire. Gabe, drawing on some
text: inner fury, drags himself with long, sharp yanks --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
text: tensely watches Gabe's crossing --
scene_heading: OVERVIEW - GABE
text: is about ten feet away from the end --
scene_heading: GABE'S UPSIDE-DOWN POV - THE END OF THE WIRE
dialog: looks a lot further away than that --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: pulls faster -- and reaches the other side. Gabe maintains his
text: hand grip and swings his feet onto the ledge, leaning back
text: against the wall to catch his breath.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (winded, shouting across)
dialog: Think you can beat my time?
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
text: smiles -- this is more like the Gabe she remembers. She gets
text: on the wire and starts across in a fast, easy rhythm.
speaker_heading: GABE
text: watches her, grinning. Admiration for Maggie is washing away
dialog: bad memories of Susan.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Shit -- she is in better shape.
text: Maggie pulls across fearlessly -- but --
scene_heading: INSERT - THE BOLT
text: on Gabe's side of the wire is giving where Travers had
text: hacked at it -- just a millimeter, but it's pulling loose --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: doesn't notice and shouts across at Maggie, now half way.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (enjoying it now)
dialog: Quit sandbagging it -- I haven't got
dialog: all day --
scene_heading: INSERT - THE BOLT
text: is coming looser -- Maggie's quicker crossing is thrashing the
text: wire and straining the bolt's weakened anchoring --
scene_heading: GABE - WATCHING MAGGIE
text: who is now twenty feet away -- fifteen -- ten -- five --
scene_heading: INSERT - THE BOLT
text: pops out of the wall as if it were shot --
speaker_heading: THE WIRE
text: which was tight as a bowstring fires out into the chasm --
text: Maggie, stunned and without options, lets go two feet short
dialog: of the ledge --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: drops low just as Maggie starts to fall and swings his arm out
text: towards hers in one lightning-fast motion --
speaker_heading: THEIR HANDS
dialog: catch --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: maintains his grip on Maggie's hand, but her weight nearly
text: pulls him off the ledge -- Maggie drags him down, the window
text: goes out of his chest when it collides with the ledge's
text: bottom, but their grip holds.
text: All of this in a split second. Maggie hangs from Gabe's arm,
text: locked in terror -- but skill wins out over fear. She finds a
text: handhold with her free arm, and climbs up to the ledge with
text: Gabe's help. Maggie collapses into Gabe's arms and they fall
text: back against the wall, but Gabe's the one who's really holding
text: on tight.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: That -- tears it.
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: You're not coming any further.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: (just as breathless)
dialog: Gabe -- you're going to get yourself
dialog: killed --
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (breath almost back)
dialog: Maybe. But I'm not getting you
dialog: killed.
dialog: (she starts a reply)
dialog: Look, Maggie. I don't know what'll
dialog: happen when I catch up with Hal -- but
dialog: I've got to know one thing for sure --
dialog: that you're making it off this
text: mountain. Alive.
text: Gabe's eyes are pleading. Maggie hesitates. But gives in.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Okay.
text: Gabe lightly kisses Maggie -- he doesn't want to turn this
text: into a farewell kiss, afraid that that's really what it might
text: be. They stand -- and separate. Gabe moves away.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Get on the trail and stay out of
dialog: sight.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'll see you on the ground.
text: Maggie wonders if she will as Gabe vanishes around a corner.
scene_heading: EXT. TREASURY PLANE CRASH SITE - CLOSE ON BODY BAG
text: as the zipper is pulled down -- before we can see anything we
text: mercifully reverse POV to
scene_heading: WRIGHT, DAVIS AND STUART
text: near a helicopter, look down with disgust. Davis turns away.
speaker_heading: WRIGHT
dialog: I give up. What was it?
text: A SEARCH PILOT zips the bag back up.
speaker_heading: SEARCH PILOT
dialog: ID says this used to be your pilot.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And we found him seven miles east of
dialog: the wreck.
text: Davis and Wright look at each other, drawing the same
dialog: conclusion.
speaker_heading: WRIGHT
text: A hijack.
dialog: (beat)
text: The plane was hijacked. Son of a
dialog: bitch --
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: Oh, give me a break. Your pilot lost
dialog: it when the flight started going
dialog: south, and he bailed --
speaker_heading: SEARCH PILOT
dialog: Excuse me -- but there's no parachute
dialog: there. Check it yourself.
text: Before this can go on, a FORENSICS AGENT runs up to Stuart
text: carrying a recorder.
speaker_heading: FORENSICS AGENT
dialog: Sir -- we found the flight recorder --
text: it was driven twenty feet deep into a
dialog: crater. It was demolished, but we
dialog: salvaged the recording --
speaker_heading: STUART
dialog: (grabbing it away)
dialog: I've heard a thousand of these, Wright
dialog: -- whoever was at the stick is going
text: to begin by screeching the Lord's
dialog: Prayer and wind up screaming "Oh,
dialog: shit" at ground zero --
text: Stuart clicks the recorder on with a flourish, but his smug
text: look melts as the voice of FBI agent Matheson explains --
speaker_heading: MATHESON (O.S.)
dialog: (shouting, rushed)
dialog: -- the money's been stolen -- Travers
dialog: and the pilot were in on it -- the
text: pilot's dead, but Travers took the
text: cash and made a mid-air transfer to a
dialog: jet flown by Qualen -- controls won't
dialog: respond --
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: shiiiiii--
text: Matheson is cut off by the sound of impact, which is followed
text: by silence. Wright gently turns the recorder off.
speaker_heading: WRIGHT
dialog: Guess we're both right, Stuart. Thanks
dialog: for your expertise.
dialog: (turns to pilot)
dialog: Well?
dialog: (jerking a thumb back)
dialog: You'll be waiting till Groundhog's Day
dialog: for him to pull his head out of his
dialog: ass -- let's get it in the air!
text: Wright, Davis and the pilot scramble into a helicopter --
text: Stuart pauses, but goes after them.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN WALL/TOWER - HIGH ANGLE - GABE MOVING ON A
speaker_heading: LEDGE
dialog: that's a little narrower than your coffee table. It's got
text: irregular breaks, causing it to go up or down several feet --
text: and Gabe is jogging it, leaping across the ledge's gaps,
text: leaning toward the wall -- and away from the four thousand
dialog: foot drop.
text: Gabe's gotten his second wind -- he keeps jumping from ledge
text: to ledge with the ease that comes from skill and familiarity,
text: and with renewed purpose. Gabe makes the last jump to a
text: section of ledge near the bottom of
scene_heading: THE "BITKER" LADDER
text: which consists of metal rungs woven into loose steel cable
text: bolted into the rock, running two hundred feet to the top --
text: something left behind by a past expedition, now a tourist's
text: toy. And the bottom rung is three feet above Gabe's
text: outstretched arms.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Hasn't gotten any lower in the last
dialog: year.
dialog: (coiling for jump)
dialog: Bitker, you cheap bastard. Would
dialog: another four feet have killed you?
text: Gabe leaps up, grabbing the bottom rung instead of a half mile
text: of air, and he shoots up the ladder as we PULL BACK --
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE ON MOUNTAIN WALL
text: A closer look at terrain seen earlier -- fifty yards away from
text: the ladder, a waterfall is spewing out of the wall, giving the
text: appearance that the mountain has sprung a torrential leak.
text: As we track Gabe up the ladder, we can see where the water's
text: coming from -- a whirling lake on top of the mountain. Its
text: constant motion keeps it from totally freezing, but the lake
text: is still coated with a veneer of ice, moving in thick chunks
text: through circular currents on the surface.
scene_heading: ELSEWHERE ON MOUNTAIN SLOPE - HAL AND GANG
text: are negotiating the grade, which is slippery, thanks to the
text: fresh, thick snow -- we can see from their relative position
text: to the lake that Gabe has a lead on them. A very slight one.
scene_heading: TOP OF LADDER - GABE
text: pulls himself over and starts running -- as he does, he
text: uproots a big, 3' x 3' park service sign commemorating the
text: "BITKER CLIMB" and takes it with him, moving ahead into a
speaker_heading: WOODED AREA
text: where Gabe replants the sign near the top of another slope.
text: Gabe heads down towards some rocks -- -- and spots the third
text: case, which took a tough landing on one rock -- it's shattered
text: into halves, and the bands of $5000s are scattered around in
dialog: the snow.
text: Gabe rushes down behind a rock and starts gathering the
text: cash -- soaked by the snow, they've frozen into ice bricks. As
text: Gabe stuffs them into his pack, he's startled by something
text: coming over the rock -- Gabe whirls around to face
speaker_heading: A RABBIT
text: that's landed in the snow and looks a lot more frightened than
text: Gabe was. Gabe leans back, relieved. For now.
scene_heading: EXT. FURTHER UP ON SLOPE - HAL AND GANG
text: are closer now -- but as they move down, Hal freezes in place
text: as he sees the "Bitker" sign some distance ahead. The sign is
text: out of place. A signal from Gabe -- he is alive. And here.
text: Qualen and the others check the monitor. Hal takes the
text: opportunity to back up to a rock formation and swiftly, subtly
text: wedge something into a crack behind his back --
scene_heading: INSERT - THE OBJECT
text: is what Hal lifted off Frank's body -- a speed load cylinder
text: from a revolver, with six fresh bullets in it.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
text: checks the monitor -- the relative position shows they're --
speaker_heading: QUALEN
text: Almost there.
text: -- but Qualen's grin is wiped away as he looks down at --
speaker_heading: THE MONITOR
text: -- the tracer blip is moving -- fast -- away from their
dialog: position!
speaker_heading: QUALEN'S
text: face shifts from incredulity to realization to rage.
text: All eyes are on the monitor -- Hal, at the rock formation, has
text: one hand behind his back.
scene_heading: INSERT - HAL'S HAND
text: shakes a box of matches from his sleeve -- he slides a single
text: wooden match halfway out of the pack -- and ignites it with
dialog: his thumbnail --
speaker_heading: HAL
text: moves away from the rock, to draw their attention from what
dialog: he's been doing --
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Oh, no -- you didn't lose another
dialog: one, did you?
text: Delmer clicks off his safety and aims at Hal -- Qualen runs
text: into the woods, guided by the monitor -- Kristel follows.
text: Delmer backs Hal up at gunpoint. Hal deliberately moves in a
text: semi-circle, putting Delmer's back to the rocks.
speaker_heading: DELMER
dialog: What about him?
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: (over his shoulder)
dialog: Kill him! Now!
text: Delmer grins as he aims at Hal.
speaker_heading: DELMER
dialog: Tell me -- where would you like the
dialog: first half dozen shots to go?
scene_heading: INSERT - THE MATCH
text: has burned more than halfway down to the rest of the box,
dialog: which is behind the speed load cylinder --
speaker_heading: HAL AND DELMER
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: (hands up)
dialog: As long as you're taking requests --
dialog: how about -- the base of your spine?
text: Delmer smiles and starts to squeeze the trigger -- Hal tenses
dialog: up, it's now or never --
scene_heading: INSERT - THE MATCH
text: burns down to the box, igniting all the matches --
speaker_heading: ON DELMER
text: as there is the sudden sound of six distinct, consecutive
text: gunshots behind him -- the fire's blasted the powder in all
text: the bullets. Delmer, startled, spins around and FIRES up,
text: FIRES down, FIRES across -- by the time he realizes no one's
text: there and he turns back around to find --
text: -- Hal is gone, vanished into the woods.
scene_heading: FOLLOWING QUALEN
text: through the woods -- up a slope, around a tree, down another
text: slope -- his eyes fixed on the screen and the blip that's
text: zig-zagging just ahead of him.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: (tagging headset radio)
dialog: Travers. Get down here. Now.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
text: is trying to repair the helicopter door when the call comes.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Have you found the money?
speaker_heading: QUALEN (O.S.)
dialog: No. Walker has.
text: Travers, furious, flings the door aside, jumps into the copter
text: and starts the rotor.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
text: is running alone, following the monitor lead -- until he sees
text: a band of $5000s in the snow. Sure he's on the right track,
text: Qualen picks it up and picks up his pace too. But we can see
dialog: that behind him and higher up --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: who is on a rise behind a rock, watches Qualen's futile
text: pursuit from a distance, amused. Amused, until --
speaker_heading: KRISTEL
dialog: You would have lived longer, if you
dialog: weren't such a smartass.
text: Gabe spins his head around -- and his temple smacks into
text: Kristel's gun barrel.
speaker_heading: KRISTEL
dialog: You telegraphed this kind of stunt
dialog: with that joke snowman. Too bad for
dialog: you we're not all gullible.
text: Kristel starts to squeeze the trigger.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Good thing for Qualen you are.
speaker_heading: KRISTEL
dialog: (pauses, wary)
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: GABE
text: When he comes back, he's going to
dialog: shoot you and the other guy, grab the
text: money, and take off with Travers.
speaker_heading: KRISTEL
dialog: (squeezing trigger again)
dialog: No sale. Say "night-night" --
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (talking fast)
dialog: He already blew up one of your pals in
dialog: that crevice. And I've been in that
dialog: copter. It goes a hell of a lot
dialog: farther with two people than with
dialog: four.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Am I wrong? Give him a buzz.
text: Kristel eases back with the gun.
speaker_heading: KRISTEL
dialog: You've got my attention.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: You've also got all the money. And I
dialog: can show you how to get off the
dialog: mountain with it. Right now.
scene_heading: ELSEWHERE ON MOUNTAIN - HAL
text: tears into a clearing, trying to put some distance between him
text: and Delmer -- as soon as he's out in the open, though,
speaker_heading: THE HELICOPTER
text: thunders over Hal -- Travers FIRES down at Hal through the
text: doorless pilot's side. Bullets kick up tufts of snow at Hal's
text: heels as he runs down into a steep, sloping wooded area. The
text: tree cover is too thick for Travers to take good aim. Looks
dialog: like temporary refuge -- but
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HELICOPTER
text: Travers finds a new use for the search copter's heat
text: scope -- using the blip that betrays Hal's body heat as a
text: guide, Travers can still fire down through the trees at
speaker_heading: HAL
text: who's still running down the grade -- he hasn't been hit yet,
dialog: but there's an awful lot of bad luck in the air --
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
text: banks the helicopter around and up for another pass.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER PART OF THE MOUNTAIN/TOWER WOODS - QUALEN
text: is slogging uphill after his own tracer blip -- which is
text: turning back around and heading towards him. Qualen aims his
text: gun and waits, but at the top of the hill --
speaker_heading: THE RABBIT
text: that spooked Gabe earlier sticks its head up for a curious
text: sniff. It has the tracer fastened to its neck with a currency
text: band. Furious, Qualen FIRES at the rabbit -- it safely speeds
text: away as Qualen smashes the useless tracer monitor and turns
dialog: around.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAVERS IN HELICOPTER - TRAVERS POV
text: On the heat scope. The blip that represents Hal -- vanishes.
text: Delmer, who has caught up, is at the edge of the tree-lined
text: area -- he looks up at Travers.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (keying headset radio)
text: He's hiding twenty yards in -- be
dialog: careful.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS - DELMER
text: "replies", beeping twice on the headset's ear button as he
text: moves downhill into the woods, closely following Hal's
text: tracks -- they lead up to the replanted "BITKER" sign. Just
text: big enough to hide behind. Delmer smiles, and advances toward
dialog: the sign --
text: -- and looks behind it. Nothing but a mound of snow. Delmer
text: looks again to the tracks, which lead toward
scene_heading: A SMALL ROCK FORMATION
text: also big enough to conceal Hal. Delmer moves toward it as --
scene_heading: BEHIND THE "BITKER" SIGN
text: the mound of snow shifts as Hal climbs out, silently shaking
text: off the cover -- the snow hid him not only from Delmer, but
dialog: from the heat scope as well --
scene_heading: TRAVERS IN HELICOPTER
text: hovers overhead, watching Delmer's blip on the heat scope --
text: but Hal's blip returns, rushing ahead --
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (keying headset radio)
dialog: He's right behind you!
speaker_heading: DELMER
text: whirls around at the warning, his gun BLAZING, but Hal is too
text: fast -- he swings the sign like a club, knocking Delmer's gun
text: away into the snow. Before Hal can swing again, Delmer
text: brutally punches Hal in the face -- stunned, Hal drops the
dialog: sign --
scene_heading: IN HELICOPTER - TRAVERS POV
text: Travers can't do anything now but watch the heat scope as if
dialog: it were a video game -- now it's just one big blip --
speaker_heading: DELMER AND HAL
text: thrash around in the snow, pummelling each other -- Hal's
text: getting the worst of it, as Delmer manages to get on top of
text: him and deliver a series of punishing blows to his face. Ready
text: to end it, Delmer tries to get the bolt gun off a clip on his
text: front pack strap -- but he has trouble unfastening it. Hal
text: rallies with a solid punch to Delmer's face. Hal gets Delmer
text: off of him and follows with two more.
text: Delmer is knocked away, landing on the sign board -- but clear
dialog: from Hal -- another chance to get the bolt gun off --
text: Hal quickly moves to the sign and grabs its post -- before
text: Delmer can move off the sign's board, Hal's running forward.
text: shoving the sign ahead of him with Delmer on top -- Hal lets
text: go, and the sign, with Delmer, sleds downhill on the hard
dialog: packed snow --
scene_heading: TRAVERS IN HELICOPTER - TRAVERS
text: can now see one blip moving quickly away from the other --
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (into radio)
text: Something's moving fast down the
dialog: hill -- is it Tucker?
speaker_heading: HAL
text: has found Delmer's fallen headset radio and put it on.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS (O.S.)
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Answer me! Is it Tucker?
text: Hal smiles and beeps twice -- affirmative.
speaker_heading: IN HELICOPTER
text: Happy at last, Travers takes off after the blip, flying down
text: the incline and staying just above the trees, strafing an
text: intense fusillade at
speaker_heading: DELMER
text: who's screaming as a storm of bullets rip through him and the
text: sign and the surrounding snow, keeping pace with his downhill
dialog: slide --
scene_heading: TRAVERS IN HELICOPTER
text: FIRES until his clip is empty -- he heads for the end of the
text: tree line as his target comes out, skidding to a stop in the
text: snow. Travers gleefully moves lower down for a closer look
text: but is shocked to see
scene_heading: DELMER - ON "SLED"
text: Delmer's highly perforated body rolls off the sign as it
text: finally skids to a dead halt.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON TRAVERS
text: who is apoplectic -- he's just shot one of his own men.
speaker_heading: HAL (O.S.)
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Thanks loads.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I couldn't have killed him without
dialog: you.
text: Travers looks down at the heat scope -- blank.
speaker_heading: HAL
text: is hiding his body "heat" under a rock formation.
speaker_heading: IN HELICOPTER
text: Stymied, Travers furiously banks it away from the wooded area
text: and circles around the mountain's other side.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN - SLOPING GRADE - GABE AND KRISTEL
text: Gabe, hands on his head, moves down a slope near a mountain
text: edge, ahead of Kristel, who's aiming her gun at his back.
speaker_heading: KRISTEL
dialog: How much further?
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (stops)
dialog: It's right over there.
text: Gabe nods ahead, indicating what looks like a
speaker_heading: A SHED
text: that is partially obscured by snow, about twenty feet distant
text: across a snowy plateau.
speaker_heading: GABE AND KRISTEL
speaker_heading: GABE
text: It's a storage locker for the rangers.
dialog: Everything you need to get off the
dialog: mountain is in there -- skiis, food --
dialog: I'll show you --
text: Gabe shows a sudden burst of enthusiasm and starts quickly
text: moving ahead again -- Kristel suspiciously notices this --
speaker_heading: KRISTEL
dialog: Don't move.
text: Kristel gets ahead of Gabe and walks backward, keeping her gun
text: trained on him as she crunches through the snow.
speaker_heading: KRISTEL
dialog: Skiis, food -- and maybe guns too,
dialog: right?
dialog: (moves backward)
text: Keep walking. Not too close.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: We'd make better time walking straight
dialog: ahead. Qualen's not going to be
text: hopping down the bunny trail too much
dialog: longer.
speaker_heading: KRISTEL
dialog: (walking backward)
dialog: Right. So I'd better have one less
text: problem when he arrives.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (knowing this means him)
dialog: Don't fuck up. You still need me to
dialog: show you a route off the mountain.
speaker_heading: KRISTEL
dialog: You've worn that one out, Walker --
dialog: (snaps back bolt)
dialog: -- I'll find my own way down.
text: Kristel solidly plants her feet firmly to shoot Gabe, but her
text: feet sink through the crystallized snow cover -- --
text: Kristel completely disappears down through the snow as it
text: collapses under her -- she's pulling the trigger and SHOTS
text: go wild as she sinks and sinks --
speaker_heading: ON GABE
text: who's had to drop flat on his stomach to avoid the same
text: fate -- as he scrambles back to solid land, Kristel's SHOTS
text: arc up through the snow toward him, and the snow crumbles
text: around him -- but he bellies ahead as --
text: ON THE SNOWDRIFT'S TOP
text: Kristel's GUNSHOTS slow, and finally, stop, the very last of
dialog: them loosening the snow around --
speaker_heading: THE "SHED"
text: that was obscured by snow was a tall, three-sided park service
text: sign shouting "WARNING -- SNOWDRIFT -- DO NOT CROSS" in eight
text: different languages. The rest of the snow falls away from it,
text: revealing a cautionary but cheesy illustration -- a
text: stick-figure fatally sinking into the snow.
speaker_heading: GABE
text: bellies ahead, flat on his stomach, testing the snow with the
text: ice axe's staff -- only when he hits something solid with it
text: does he get back up to his feet. But the sound of ice-crusted
text: snow CRUNCHING above Gabe alerts him that --
speaker_heading: QUALEN
text: has just hit the top of the slope and spotted him -- Qualen's
dialog: gun BLAZES down --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: is on the run, but it's that lead-footed, slow motion stuff
text: that only happens in nightmares -- with every step, a foot
text: breaks through the icy crust and sinks into two feet of
text: snow -- Gabe stays just ahead of the barrage, making it into
text: A THICK WOODED AREA
dialog: which is very temporary refuge -- Qualen will be down in
text: seconds. Gabe looks down the slope. Running is impractical. So
text: he sits down.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
text: arrives where Gabe was and looks down the slope --
scene_heading: QUALEN'S POV - GABE
text: is whizzing down the slope in a sitting position, using his
text: back and his shoes as gliders, the ice axe as a rudder.
text: Alpinists call this a "sitting glissade". Colorado climbers
dialog: call it "butt skiing". Some psychos do this for fun.
scene_heading: GABE'S POV - THE SLIDE
dialog: is anything but fun -- Gabe can't control his speed or
text: direction well at all -- Gabe barely manages to steer in and
text: out of trees and boulders in his path --
speaker_heading: QUALEN
text: starts running down the slope -- he doesn't have speed, but he
text: does have the machine gun -- he FIRES short bursts at --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: who tries to steer away from the line of fire -- Gabe is hit
text: in the shoulder -- he slides out of control, and rolls down --
text: -- to the slope's bottom. Gabe painfully lifts himself up and
text: moves through the woods, coming out of the trees to
speaker_heading: THE LAKE
text: The bridge that spans it is ahead of Gabe -- but there is
text: nothing around but flat terrain. It's a beautiful sight, but
text: no good for hiding. And Qualen is right behind him.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN SLOPE - HAL
text: rushes down to Delmer's body -- in the snow, he finds the
text: discarded machine gun and holds it up, but stray bullets from
text: Travers' fusillade have made it inoperable. Hal tosses it
text: aside and checks Delmer's bloody pockets for more weapons.
text: Nothing. Just a couple of machine gun clips, and the bolt gun.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN TRAIL - MAGGIE
text: is wending her way down a hiking trail on the opposite side of
text: the mountain. In plain view,
scene_heading: TRAVERS IN HELICOPTER
text: is circling the mountain -- he spots Maggie from on high and
text: moves down after her.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
text: hears the helicopter, and turns around -- she has no way of
text: knowing it isn't Frank, so she takes off her jacket and waves
dialog: it as a signal --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Frank! Down here!
text: The helicopter moves down until Maggie can see --
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
text: is at the controls.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
text: starts running, but it's useless. Nowhere to hide. Travers
text: hovers over her, FIRING ahead of her, FIRING behind her, not
text: to kill, just to make a point. He's in charge.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAIN TRAIL
text: Maggie finally stops -- Travers lands the copter and opens the
text: passenger door, keeping his gun trained on her.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: Hop in. I know someone who'd like to
dialog: see you again before he dies.
scene_heading: EXT. BOTTOM OF THE SLOPE - QUALEN
text: moves down to the slope's edge, noting with pleasure the blood
text: in the snow. Gabe is wounded, and he's left a trail as a
dialog: bonus.
text: Qualen moves out lakeside -- nothing visible but the thick,
text: flat ice chunks circling in the currents. But Gabe's
text: footprints and blood lead straight ahead to the bridge.
text: Qualen starts to run across the bridge, but stares down --
scene_heading: QUALEN'S POV - THE BRIDGE'S PLANKS
text: The blood -- and slush from Gabe's boots -- end halfway
dialog: across.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
text: Smiles and shakes his head. Too obvious. Gabe is hiding
text: underneath the bridge, in the three foot deep network of steel
text: supports. Qualen slows his pace, staring down through the
text: thin, but visible cracks between the planks.
scene_heading: TIGHT CLOSE-UP - GABE'S FACE
text: grimacing, shivering, ashen from his wound and exertion --
text: lined shadows on his face confirm he is under the bridge.
speaker_heading: QUALEN (O.S.)
dialog: You've come a long way to die.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
text: enjoying himself, slams a fresh clip into his machine gun.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: If you were smart, you'd have left
dialog: your friend behind. I would have.
dialog: There's no shame in staying alive.
text: Qualen stops, staring down. Through the gaps, Gabe's parka is
text: visible. Right where the blood trail ends.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: (aims down)
dialog: But you're not smart. And now you're
text: going to die from an overdose of
dialog: heroism.
text: Qualen BLAZES the gun into the planks --
scene_heading: UNDER THE BRIDGE - GABE
text: is clinging to the steel supports of the small bridge,
text: several feet ahead of where his empty parka is being
text: shredded by the FUSILLADE -- without the parka, Gabe is
text: freezing, and too many bullets are coming too close for
text: comfort as they RICOCHET on the bridge's supports --
speaker_heading: QUALEN
text: stops firing and kicks away the planks, which are a tangle of
text: toothpicks at this point -- Qualen bends down --
text: -- and sees there's nothing in the parka except for Gabe's
text: back. Qualen's face registers anger and surprise as -- -- Gabe
text: appears at the edge of the hole -- before Qualen can react,
text: Gabe swings up with his ice axe, hooking it around the
text: shoulder strap of Qualen's machine gun -- Gabe yanks down,
dialog: and Qualen falls head first
scene_heading: UNDER THE BRIDGE
text: with Gabe -- Qualen catches himself by hooking an arm and a
text: leg on one of the steel supports -- but both
scene_heading: THE ICE AXE AND THE GUN
text: fall, landing on separate chunks of ice floating underneath
dialog: the bridge --
scene_heading: IN THE SUPPORTS
text: Gabe pulls himself through the girders to Qualen and punches
text: him with his good arm, but Qualen is unfazed -- neither are in
text: good position, it's like a fistfight on a jungle gym -- --
text: Qualen steadies himself to savagely punch Gabe in his
text: shoulder wound -- Gabe YELLS in pain and tries to block the
text: next one, but Qualen punches him again, and Gabe lets go of
text: the support, falling -- -- on the way down, Gabe grabs
text: Qualen's leg with his good hand -- too low to grab the bridge,
text: Gabe dangles just over the water, raising his legs above it as
text: Qualen tries to kick him off -- -- Gabe holds onto Qualen's
text: leg, and swings on it like a pendulum -- Gabe twists the leg
text: -- Qualen loses his grip on the icy steel and lets go --
dialog: both
speaker_heading: QUALEN AND GABE
text: fall -- they land hard, not in the water, but on a
text: raft-sized chunk of ice driven under the bridge by the
text: current. Their weight teeter-totters the ice as they get up --
text: they're in danger not just from each other, but from
scene_heading: THE FAST APPROACHING WHIRLPOOL
text: where the ice chunks are drawn into the fiercely swirling
text: vortex that drains into the waterfall --
scene_heading: ON THE ICE RAFT
text: Qualen and Gabe circle each other like cautious boxers, as the
text: ice itself swirls in the current -- if either makes the wrong
text: move, they'll both go over. Gabe swings at Qualen, but Qualen
text: throws a leg under Gabe and stiff-arms him down -- Gabe hits
text: the ice hard, his chest hanging over the side -- Qualen moves
text: in to shove him off -- but their combined weight on the same
text: side of the ice starts to tip it over -- Gabe viciously
text: kicks Qualen back, gashing his face with his boot's crampon as
text: Qualen grabs the ice raft's opposite side, levelling it.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: (wiping the gash)
dialog: Stalemate, isn't it?
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (winded)
dialog: Not any more.
text: Gabe, still prone, reaches out -- the chunk of ice with
text: Qualen's machine gun is floating by. Gabe snatches up the gun
text: and pulls the trigger. Nothing but an empty CLICK.
speaker_heading: QUALEN
dialog: Far more intimidating when it's
dialog: loaded.
text: The chunk of ice with Gabe's ice axe floats by Gabe -- Gabe
text: grabs for it, but misses -- as the ice raft spins around,
text: Qualen manages to snatch it up -- Qualen scythes it down at
text: Gabe, slamming the blade into the ice as Gabe rolls away --
scene_heading: WIDER VIEW - THE ICE RAFT
text: is nearing the center of the whirlpool -- the current is
dialog: faster and stronger here -- if it doesn't swallow the ice
dialog: raft, it will definitely upend it --
speaker_heading: QUALEN AND GABE
dialog: stay on opposite sides of the ice raft for balance -- Qualen
text: swings out at Gabe with the axe. Gabe ducks and tries to go
text: low to hit Qualen with the gun, but Qualen swings the axe down
text: again, whizzing right past Gabe as it sinks into --
scene_heading: THE CENTER OF THE ICE RAFT
text: -- a crack spiderwebs through the ice around the blade --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: quickly reacts, jumping onto another bed-sized chunk of ice
text: floating by, landing on his stomach and braking himself by
text: digging his crampons in -- just as --
speaker_heading: QUALEN
text: realizing what deep shit he's in, looks for another chunk of
text: ice to make the same move -- to sees one just out of reach.
text: Qualen pulls the ice axe out of the raft's center to drag the
text: other chunk closer in -- -- as he does, the entire raft
text: disintegrates under him -- Qualen plunges into the water, and
text: tries to maintain a slippery grip on what ice is left --
text: -- but now at the center of the whirlpool, Qualen is drawn
dialog: into the vortex --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: struggles to his feet and looks down, wincing --
scene_heading: GABE'S POV - QUALEN GOING DOWN
text: Qualen's inaudible scream is just a burst of rising bubbles as
text: he shoots down to the bottom of the lake -- and beyond --
scene_heading: QUALEN'S POV - UNDERWATER
text: Qualen is shoved with incredible force and speed through the
dialog: lake's tunnel drain --
scene_heading: ON THE MOUNTAIN WALL - THE WATERFALL
text: BLASTS OUT full force, hurling a still thrashing Qualen a
dialog: half a mile to the ground below!
speaker_heading: GABE
text: has no time to celebrate -- the chunk of ice he's on leaves
text: him moments from the same fate. One more time around, and
text: it's down the drain. Gabe takes a deep breath. No choice. He
dialog: leaps --
scene_heading: WIDER VIEW - THE ICE - GABE LEAPING
dialog: -- from one chunk of ice to the other, running the way you
text: would across stones in a stream, zig-zagging to catch the ones
text: big enough to support him -- only his crampons keep him from
text: sliding off, only his momentum keeps him from capsizing the
text: ice chunks, which shoots away from him in his wake --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: lands on an ice raft floating towards the bridge. No choice --
text: Gabe lunges off the ice raft and reaches for one of the bridge
text: supports -- his hand catches -- but it's slippery and he's
text: weakened -- Gabe slides off, but --
speaker_heading: A HAND
text: reaches down and grabs him --
speaker_heading: HAL
text: pulls Gabe the rest of the way onto the bridge. Gabe's
text: surprise gives way to a grin almost as big as Hal's.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: (eyeing Gabe's ruined
dialog: shirt)
dialog: Nice outfit.
dialog: (hands him his parka)
dialog: I know you never liked the orange, but
dialog: --
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Didn't care for the Smokey The Bear
dialog: hats, either. That's why I quit.
dialog: (pulls on parka)
dialog: You all right?
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: I feel better than you look. I can
dialog: live with that.
text: Gabe looks down at the parka -- it's completely full of
text: bullet holes.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Hardly seems worth zipping, huh?
dialog: (serious now)
dialog: Frank?
text: Hal sobers -- shakes his head no. A cloud passes over Gabe's
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: HAL
text: It's not over, Gabe. Travers took the
dialog: helicopter.
scene_heading: INSIDE HELICOPTER - FLYING ELSEWHERE OVER MOUNTAIN
text: Maggie's hands are cuffed to a bar on the helicopter's roof.
text: Travers keys his headset radio while piloting the copter.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Qualen -- Kristel -- come in --
text: HAL AND GABE ON BRIDGE
text: Gabe hears Hal's borrowed headset radio crackling -- he holds
text: his hand out to Hal.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: May I?
dialog: (dons it, keys it)
dialog: They can't talk right now, Travers.
dialog: Kristel's busy making snow angels --
dialog: and I'm not sure, but I think Qualen
text: is still falling.
dialog: (radio silence)
dialog: Any messages?
text: A moment's silence -- then --
speaker_heading: MAGGIE (O.S.)
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Gabe?
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (keying it)
dialog: Maggie --
scene_heading: INSIDE COPTER - TRAVERS
text: yanks the radio off Maggie and puts it back on --
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: You wanted to make a trade earlier,
dialog: Walker -- still interested?
speaker_heading: GABE (O.S.)
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I've got the money. Fly to the lake.
dialog: And if you touch her --
text: Travers cuts off the radio, smiles, and banks the helicopter
text: down around the mountain wall.
text: GABE AND HAL ON BRIDGE
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Now what?
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: I have no fucking idea.
dialog: (holds Qualen's gun)
text: Empty.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Not for long.
text: Hal fishes into his pockets and pulls out one of the ammo
text: clips he took from Delmer, Gabe tries to force it into the
text: gun's stock -- but it's the wrong size.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (sagging against rail)
dialog: Why can't anything be easy?
speaker_heading: THE HELICOPTER
text: thunders around the mountain wall, getting closer --
speaker_heading: HAL AND GABE
text: have crossed the bridge, near the mountain edge -- Gabe, now
text: wearing his pack again, nods over to the wooded area.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Stay over there --
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Look -- let me --
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: -- what, throw snowballs at him?
dialog: Just -- whatever happens -- get Maggie
dialog: out of here.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: (relenting)
dialog: Count on it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And Gabe? Thanks for tagging along.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Thanks for asking. I forgot how much I
dialog: enjoyed rescue work.
text: Gabe limps toward the mountain's edge as Hal runs into the
dialog: woods.
speaker_heading: THE HELICOPTER
text: blasts along the wall towards the lake -- the waterfall and
text: the ladder are just ahead. The copter radio crackles --
speaker_heading: WRIGHT (O.S.)
dialog: (from radio)
dialog: Come in, Rocky Mountain Rescue --
dialog: urgent -- come in --
text: Travers recognizes the voice -- frowning, he snaps off the
text: radio and banks the helicopter up over the top --
scene_heading: TRAVERS IN HELICOPTER - TRAVERS POV
text: tops the precipice, revealing Gabe, standing on the end of a
text: narrow spur -- it just out from the edge like a diving board.
text: Gabe has his pack on one arm -- the money is visible. Gabe
text: levels Qualen's emptied gun on Travers and the copter -- this
text: bluff is all he has left.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Remember that bet you made? About
dialog: whether I could find the money for you
dialog: or not?
dialog: (holds pack over drop)
dialog: You won.
text: Travers helplessly flies in low, tight circles over Gabe and
text: the spur -- if he shoots Gabe, the money falls too, Travers
text: presses his gun at Maggie.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: I'll kill her --
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: You do, and the spring thaw's going to
dialog: be worth thirty million bucks.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: No rush. I'm sure you've got lots of
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: All right. Drop the gun first.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (into radio)
text: When she's safe on the ground.
scene_heading: EXT. SPUR/COPTER
text: Travers has no choice but to give in -- he gives Maggie the
text: handcuff key, and she frees herself as he flies away from the
text: spur, touching the copter down on the mountain top.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
dialog: (to Maggie)
dialog: Get out.
text: Maggie moves out the door and stares uncertainly at Gabe.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Run!
dialog: (she doesn't)
dialog: Run!
text: Maggie runs for the trees. When Gabe is sure she's safe, he
text: throws the gun away -- but keeps the pack suspended over the
dialog: edge.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Now come and get it. My arm's getting
dialog: tired.
scene_heading: EXT. HELICOPTER
text: Travers flies the copter up and over, until he and it are five
text: feet away from Gabe's position on the spur. Gabe is buffeted
text: by the copter's wind, but stands firm. Travers levels his gun
text: at Gabe through the open passenger door as Gabe heaves the
text: pack in. Travers doesn't even look down -- he just stares at
text: Gabe with hate as he prepares to shoot.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Don't you want to count it?
text: Puzzled, Travers takes his gun hand and rips open
speaker_heading: THE PACK
text: The $5000s are there -- but they've been shredded by
text: Qualen's earlier blast of gunfire. Few, if any, of the bills
dialog: are passable.
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
text: stares down, incredulous -- as he does --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: rips open a perforated section of parka and yanks his bolt
dialog: gun from his waist --
text: Travers looks up and raises his gun at Gabe -- but Gabe fires
text: first -- the bolt imbeds itself high in Travers' chest.
text: Gasping, Travers drops his gun -- it falls over the pack and
text: out the open door -- Travers clutches at his chest --
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Don't spend it all in one place, you
dialog: son of a bitch.
text: Travers falls back in his seat and loses control of the
text: helicopter -- it spins around, and Gabe has to instantly
text: flatten to avoid the tail when it swings at him -- Gabe looks
dialog: down as --
speaker_heading: THE HELICOPTER
text: quickly begins to spiral down in wide, aimless circles --
text: Travers has clearly lost control --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: stares down coldly, waiting for the crash -- but --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE COPTER - TRAVERS
text: won't give up -- sweating, bleeding, he sits forward and
text: grabs the stick, seizing control of the helicopter again --
scene_heading: GABE'S POV - THE HELICOPTER
text: stops its uncontrolled descent and begins to rise up and
dialog: up -- with clear purpose --
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON GABE
text: eyes widening with realization. Gabe gets up from the spur and
text: starts running back towards the woods -- several hundred yards
dialog: from safety -- before he can get very far --
speaker_heading: THE HELICOPTER
text: tops the precipice edge and, sweeping low over the snow, it
text: gets between Gabe and the trees, cutting him off --
scene_heading: WOODED AREA - HAL AND MAGGIE
dialog: watch, powerless --
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: He's going to run Gabe down --
scene_heading: TRAVERS IN HELICOPTER
text: Ashen, hyperventilating, he's running on pure adrenalin and
text: fury as he drives the stick forward --
scene_heading: TRAVERS POV - GABE
text: is stiff-legging it toward the edge of the mountain -- but
text: he's too banged up to run fast through the thick snow --
speaker_heading: THE HELICOPTER
text: with its skids skipping just over the snow overtakes --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: as he throws himself flat into the snow -- the front of the
text: skid misses Gabe by inches as it blasts over him --
speaker_heading: THE HELICOPTER
text: moves out over the precipice edge -- Travers banks it wide to
dialog: circle back around for another run --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: gets back up as the helicopter swings back behind him --
text: IN A WOODED AREA
text: Hal rips the lining out of one of his pockets and stuffs it
text: into one of the ammo clips -- Maggie stays back as he runs for
dialog: all he's worth out into the clearing --
speaker_heading: THE HELICOPTER
text: has circled back around, stopping at a hover far back in the
text: clearing -- Travers intends to not just run Gabe over, but to
dialog: run him off the edge as well --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: lumbers as fast as he can towards the edge --
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
text: knows he has Gabe nailed -- he shoves the stick forward --
speaker_heading: THE HELICOPTER
text: flies forward, skids just inches over the snow --
speaker_heading: HAL
text: runs out to where Travers is heading -- he lights the cloth
text: in the ammo clip -- as
speaker_heading: THE HELICOPTER
dialog: flies past
text: IN THE CLEARING
text: Hal hurls the clip, with its cloth "fuse" burning down, into
text: the doorless side of the copter --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE HELICOPTER
text: -- the makeshift bomb bounces to the floor of the cockpit --
text: Travers sees it and looks down, but --
speaker_heading: THE "FUSE"
text: sputters out -- nothing but glowing embers in the cloth --
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
text: smiles -- nothing to worry about -- he speeds ahead --
text: CLOSE ON THE HELICOPTER'S SKIDS
text: as they slice through the top of the snow towards --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: as he runs toward the mountain's edge -- it's just a couple of
text: feet ahead, but the copter is a couple of feet behind --
text: -- as the copter overtakes Gabe, dipping even lower into the
text: snow, he dives off the edge --
scene_heading: FOLLOWING GABE - FALLING
text: Gabe is at the ladder -- he falls the first twenty feet of the
text: long drop, then grabs a rung on the cable ladder, very
text: painfully stopping his fall -- but in the same split second --
speaker_heading: THE HELICOPTER
text: skid meant to impale Gabe catches the top two rungs of the
dialog: cable ladder --
scene_heading: WIDE SHOT - THE HELICOPTER
text: -- caught in the rungs of the cable ladder, the helicopter
text: keeps flying out over the abyss, but as it pulls the cable
text: ladder, it pops out the bolts that hold the ladder in place,
text: rung by rung -- -- still going full tilt, the copter strains
text: against the ladder -- thirty feet of it tethers the copter
text: to the wall -- -- and Gabe is dangling from the center of
dialog: it.
scene_heading: ON THE LADDER - GABE
text: has one arm hooked around a rung, hanging on for his life as
text: the copter thrashes the ladder up and down --
scene_heading: INSIDE THE COPTER
text: Travers is disoriented by the jolt, and tries to maintain
dialog: control -- he doesn't see --
text: -- that the cloth fuse on the ammo clip has reignited -- it
text: burns down to the clip, and fifty rounds explode like a
text: string of firecrackers --
text: -- Travers tries to shield himself as he is struck by airborne
text: lead. Shrapnel blasts into the instrument panel --
speaker_heading: THE HELICOPTER
text: still strains against the cable ladder but the engine goes
text: dead -- the rotor blades slow --
speaker_heading: GABE ON LADDER
text: Gabe stares in horror at the stalling rotor -- if it were
dialog: possible for him to grip the ladder tighter, he'd do it now --
scene_heading: ON THE HELICOPTER
text: -- as the rotor WHOPS to a dead halt the copter arcs down
text: and slams against the mountain wall -- the skids are still
text: caught in the ladder, and it holds --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: is shaken off by the massive impact -- he falls -- --
text: landing on the helicopter, half in and half out of the
text: cockpit! As Gabe scrambles for a solid hold --
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER
text: -- Travers, who has been shaken to the opposite side of the
text: copter, reaches into his jacket and pulls out the pistol he
text: took from Frank -- he aims at Gabe --
scene_heading: INSERT - THE HELICOPTER SKID
text: One of the two rungs holding the copter up bursts --
speaker_heading: THE HELICOPTER
text: slips, now hanging from just a single rung -- -- and the
text: impact of the slip makes Travers drop the gun -- it falls out
text: the open passenger door. Travers scrambles up through the
text: cabin to go after -- -- Gabe, who is trying to get off the
text: helicopter and onto a solid part of the ladder before the
text: whole thing goes down -- Gabe jumps for the wall as
text: Travers scrambles behind him and --
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE HELICOPTER SKID
text: -- as the last rung supporting the copter snaps in two --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: grabs hold of the ladder as
speaker_heading: THE HELICOPTER
text: plummets down -- but as it starts its fall --
speaker_heading: TRAVERS
text: leaps from the falling copter and grabs Gabe's leg -- Gabe
text: struggles to support both of them, but Travers, weakened from
text: his wound, loses his grip on Gabe's leg -- he stares up in
text: terror at Gabe as he clutches Gabe's snow-slick boot --
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: Cheer up. It's a beautiful spot to
dialog: die.
text: Travers slides off and away --
scene_heading: THE FALL - LONG SHOT
text: Travers SCREAMING as he free falls, trailing behind the
dialog: helicopter -- we follow the entire four thousand foot drop --
text: -- until the helicopter explodes when it hits the ground far
text: below, and the fireball engulfs Travers just before he
dialog: impacts into the explosion!
speaker_heading: GABE
text: looks down at the burning wreck and clings to the ladder,
text: closing his eyes for a moment in exhaustion. But the WHOPPING
text: of another helicopter makes him look up --
scene_heading: THE TREASURY HELICOPTER
text: has shown up, a little too late to be of any help.
scene_heading: INSIDE THE TREASURY COPTER
text: Wright, Davis and Stuart look at the billowing flames of the
text: wreck -- even from here, the burning money is visible,
text: drifting up in the smoke. Wright turns to Stuart.
speaker_heading: WRIGHT
dialog: I'm no expert -- but what do you make
dialog: of that "event"?
speaker_heading: GABE
text: is drained -- from somewhere, he finds the strength to lift
dialog: his head up --
scene_heading: GABE'S POV - THE WALL
text: The section of ladder above him, of course, is gone -- he has
text: to cover the fifty feet of wall above him by free climbing.
dialog: There are holds that look easy enough for him, but --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: leans back, gripping the ladder, too tired to move. Just the
text: thought of one more climb drains him.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (mumbling)
dialog: Forget it. No fucking way. I'm staying
dialog: right here. I've spent the night on
dialog: walls before -- some of the best
dialog: nights of my life have been spent
dialog: lashed to walls --
text: Before Gabe can take this any farther -- a loop tied to the
text: end of a rope falls to a stop next to him. Gabe looks up --
scene_heading: ON THE EDGE - HAL
text: has thrown the line down. Maggie is by his side.
speaker_heading: HAL
dialog: Remember -- keep your arms and legs in
dialog: the vehicle at all times --
speaker_heading: GABE
text: puts the loop around himself and tightens it by rote -- even
text: this action aches.
speaker_heading: GABE
dialog: (too tired to shout)
dialog: Fuck you --
text: Hal and Maggie draw Gabe up -- Gabe pulls some of his weight
text: by using hand and foot holds, but when he reaches
speaker_heading: THE PRECIPICE EDGE
text: Hal and Maggie are both winded from the effort as they haul
text: Gabe onto the top. Gabe unties himself, and collapses into
text: Maggie's lap.
speaker_heading: HAL
text: (winded, coiling the
dialog: rope)
dialog: Jesus Christ -- you think you could
dialog: have put a little less effort into
dialog: that climb? I mean, what have you done
dialog: for me -- lately?
text: Hal ends his harrangue and looks over -- Gabe has apparently
text: revived, because he and Maggie are locked in the kiss of their
text: lives. Hal stands, and smiles -- he walks toward the Treasury
text: agents, who are scrambling out of the helicopter. Hal starts
dialog: an explanation that's going to take a long, long time as --
speaker_heading: GABE AND MAGGIE
text: break off their kiss.
speaker_heading: MAGGIE
dialog: Does this mean you're staying?
text: Off Gabe's answering smile, we --
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
