scene_heading: CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND
dialog: 
dialog: by
dialog: Paul Schrader
scene_heading: PHILLIPS PRODUCTIONS
speaker_heading: COLUMBIA PICTURES
speaker_heading: COLGEMS SQUARE
scene_heading: BURBANK, CALIFORNIA 91505
scene_heading: TELEPHONE: 213-843-6000
dialog: ‘oo
scene_heading: ~CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE TUITRD KIND
speaker_heading: PRE-CREDITS
scene_heading: 1 EXT. SITE NEITHER NIGHT NOR DAY
text: A £og-inshrouded knoll looms up from nowhere. Its outlines
text: are hazy. An orangish glow hangs on the horizon,
text: The wind blows, the fog passes, yet nothing becomes clearer.
dialog: is this a dream, a memory, a lost world, or one yet to be
dialog: ‘ound?
text: Somewhere, in the far reaches of space, music is playing. The
text: notes drift through space, collide, collude, and pass on.
dialog: ): The mood is ominous: something is going to happen here.
dialog: . —
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: END PRE-CREDITS
speaker_heading: ‘\_) CREDITS
dialog: ¢
scene_heading: "4 9 OUTER SPACE
text: The music stretches forward as we plunge into the outer reaches
dialog: of space.
text: Here we drift among worlds yet unseen by man, Meteors flow past,
text: supernovas explode and planets whirl endlessly about unknown
dialog: stars.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: END CREDITS
scene_heading: 3. INT. LABORATORY DAY (1975)
text: The sereen goes to white. A tiny red dot appears then elongates
text: and loops into a horseshoe formation.
dialog: into .
text: : The white dissolves “bre the pale shaved skin of a man's chest
text: : ™, and the razor-thin red incision completes its horseshoe shape.
text: co : Two drops of con;ealed blood ooze out of the incision and are
text: ™ quickly absorbed by a miniature blue surgical sponge.
text: i A stainless steel clamp pulls back the thin horseshoe Flap of
dialog: 
text: flesh and another clamp, guided by a surgically gloved hand,
text: inserts a thin elreular sensing, device under the skin, The
text: flap of skin is replaced over the sensor, * .
dialog: 3
speaker_heading: S
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: We are in a sterile white laboratory somewhere in the present.
text: Soft red and bluc lights pulsate against banks of stainless
text: steel machincry.
text: PAUL VANOWEN, grimacing slightly, looks down at the incision
text: in his lower left breast. ‘Two white-coated doctors, LOU
text: HEKMAN and HARU MIKO, bend toward his chest, examining and
text: suturing the incision. VanQwen, seated on a long laboratory
text: table, wears only grey pin-striped wool trousers.
text: James Paul VanOwen, age 55, has the studied look of a man in
text: complete control of his life. The worn lines across his forehead
text: are matched by the streaks of grey hair which stretch from his
text: temples to the back of his head. His expression is laconic; it
text: reveals neither emotion nor attitude. He either.fully approves
text: of what is now being done to him, or he is a stoicist beyond
dialog: compare,
text: Having implanted the sensor in VanOwen's chest, the doctors
dialog: proceed to test it:
text: A pulsating red oscilloscope--beep, beep, beep--monitors the
dialog: newly implanted sensor. Nemut te the oscillescope = spectyesr
dialog: 
text: nugcdls vibrates in the dormant position,
dialog: 
text: Lou Hekman selects several strips of metal from a nearby table
text: and systematically passes them in front of the implanted sensor.
dialog: Copper, steel, gold, platinum. : :
text: The oscilloscope and spectrograph register different values for
text: each metal strip. The TECHNICIAN monitoring the electrographs
text: looks up and nods. He is satisfied.
text: Hekman returns to the surgical work table. selects another sensor
text: (a square thermocouple) and walks back to the operating table.
text: Naru Mike has begun scrubbing and preping a shaved area on
text: VanOwen's upper left breast, .
text: Paul VanOwen braces himself for the next incision, Hekman poises
dialog: his scapel. .
dialog: CUT To: 7%.
scene_heading: EXT, TOM KIESEL'S FRONT YARD MORNING (1960) 3187
text: Fade in: JTOMKIESEL , a 45 year-old physics teacher at
text: Clarenceville Community Wigh School, stands in his Crone yard
text: on a pleasant Saturday morning, Ue is weariny Sears work pants
text: and a worn blue flannel shire with the sleeves rolled up.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: A superimposed title reads:
dialog: Clarenceville, Indiana
dialog: September, 1960 .
text: A faded lawnchair and charcoal burner stand on the front porch
text: of Kiesel's middle-class red brick ranch house. An oversized
text: 1959 Dodse with gigantic fins rests in the driveway ,ené Directly
text: behind Kiesel waits an old Reo lawnmower.
text: Kiescl speaks to the camera. He is relating an event which
text: happened the previous night for an unseen interrogator. His
text: monologue begins calmly enough, but as he gets into the story
text: he begins to relive the emotions he felt at the time: curiosity,
text: uneasiness, then fear, His expressions and gestures guide him
text: as he relives these terrifying moments:
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: My wife and I were driving home from the PTA jie.
dialog: meeting about 10:00 last night. In fact, I ee
dialog: it was 10:00 cause the news had just come on the
dialog: radio. I d trying to relax,
dialog: Welze try issuc for enue new
dialog: Science Building and being head of the department
dialog: I had to justify the expense. As I said, it was
text: pitch dark and I was trying to let my mind go blank.
dialog: Janice and I were coming back on Three Mile Read.
text: She sensed it first. We had just passed Mill and
dialog: she said, "Look at that light." There was a sort of
dialog: dim glow to our right and rear, She said, "That
dialog: must be one of those UFOs." I was just about to tell
text: her it must be a helicopter when it pulled alongside
text: of us and I could see it wasn't no helicopter at all.
text: It was gliding very smoothly about 500 yards to cur
text: right, About 50 yards above’ the trees. That would
dialog: be north, There was ne doubting it cause it was the
text: only light in the sky. At first I figured it muse
dialog: be an illusion, I pulled the car to the shoulder
dialog: and cut the engine to get a better look, Then I
dialog: ‘heard it--nothing at all. You know, if you're in the
text: house alone at night and everything is still, there
dialog: still are the sounds of the living. But this thin:
dialog: was there and there weren't even the sounds of the
dialog: living, It was an erie perfeece quict, like nothing
text: at all. Janice started to get scared, The lights
text: of the car went out and T started to get seared Low,
dialog: but I didn't wane Janice co know, I got out of the
dialog: ear and the first thing chat hit we was the hear,
dialog: There was heat everywhere, Like Io was in the middle
text: of the desert--warm, dry air. 1 started toward. the
text: object, lt had stopped and was hovering directly in
speaker_heading: (coN''T)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: (con't)
text: front of me about 100 yards above the ground.
dialog: I was a pilot in the War and saw a lot and thought
dialog: I wasn't scared of anything, but let me tell you
dialog: I was scared then, I've seen just about every
dialog: kind of aircraft there is and this was like noth
dialog: I had ever seen, It started to move slowly toward
text: me, still not making a sound. It looked like two
text: huge pot covers placed atop each other...like this.
text: It was made out of a dull grey metallic substance,
text: like pewter or platinum, Right on top there was a
dialog: raised portion, like a hub, you know, and where the
text: two pot covers met there was a thin row, not a row
text: exactly, more like a continuous band of blue light.
dialog: It slowly kept coming closer and I wanted to run
dialog: but my legs wouldn't move, I didn't know what was
dialog: going to happen, Later Janice said she tried to
text: start the car but it wouldn't turn over. The object
text: was blotting out the whole sky, then it suddeniv
text: shot up vertically at. a fantastic speed. In a cot
dialog: seconds it gonc, It headed northeast. i folic
dialog: its azimuth with my hand and it covered at !eest
dialog: thirty degrees in two seconds, which, if I know
dialog: anything, would put it at at least 5,000 miles per
dialog: hour. Listen, I've flewn a dozen different planes
dialog: and studied astronomy and I know that wasn't no kinc
text: of plane or star or meteor. It was something else.
dialog: officers, but I don't know what. L've never seen
dialog: anything Like it before. I'm a good Christian man .*---.
dialog: I don't lie.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: . .
text: Kiesel stares forlornly at the camera a moment, waiting for an
dialog: answer which doesn't come,
text: TIME CUT; two Cleenceville police officers, HALEY LAWSON and
text: JONN GOUDA, wave goodbye to Kiesel and walk across the lawn to
text: their patrol car. Kiesel watches them get in,
text: INSIDE THE PATROL CAR, Lawson starts the engine as Gouda thunps
text: his note pad against the dashboard in nervous frustration:
speaker_heading: GOUDA
dialog: Je-sus.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION DAY
text: The small Clarenceville police station is a hubbub of activity
text: as Officers Lawson and Gouda enter.
text: A motley assortment of businessmen, tecnagers and housewi¥es
text: are gathered ‘about a few beleaguered note-scribbling officers.
text: Their gestures and agitation indicate they are describing their
text: encounters with flying saucers. Clarenceville is in the vniddle
text: of a UFO flap.
text: Amid the clammer of voices one woman's voice stands out:
speaker_heading: ANONYMOUS WOMAN
dialog: Well, I know it was a UFO because right across
text: the side were the perfectly clear letters: U-F-0.
text: CLAUDE AMES, who had been listening in on the UFO witnesses, walks
text: over to Lawson and Gouda as they enter. Ames, a 25 yearsold
text: stringer for the Chicago Tribune, is "well-dressed" in the fashi
text: of the day: irridescent blue rayon trousers and a pink striped
text: tap-collar shirt.
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Keering you boys busy?
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: Ames! You here already?
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Word travels fast. The Indianapolis Bureau said
dialog: you were having a UFO flap down here.
speaker_heading: GOUDA
dialog: Then you know as much as we do.
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Whexe you coming from?
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: Tom Kiesel's place. You been there yet?
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Yeah, Stopped by on the way in. Wow many eye
dialog: witnesses do you have?
speaker_heading: LAWSON
text: Couple-four su far. Kiesel and his wife, the
text: junior high lid who took the picture and Loraine
dialog: Blakely, but she's crazy anyway « What do you think?
speaker_heading: 5 CONTINUID
speaker_heading: AMES .
dialog: t About the UFOs?
speaker_heading: ‘ LAWSON
dialog: : About Kiesel. You talked to him,
dialog: j
speaker_heading: : AMES
dialog: I'm not paid to think, You can understand
dialog: that, Gouda.
speaker_heading: GOUDA
dialog: Nerd.
speaker_heading: } LAWSON
dialog: Seriously.
speaker_heading: poo: AMES
dialog: i I'm waiting until the Air Force comes. Maybe
text: { it's a sputnik or some sort of weather ballon.
speaker_heading: ds * GOUDA
dialog: Ne Whore the Ais Forse?
speaker_heading: —
dialog: res
dialog: 20
text: Police Caption JOHN MAPLE, a harried man about 40, interrupts their
dialog: conversation:
speaker_heading: MAPLE
dialog: You free, Lawson?
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: What's up?
speaker_heading: ” MAPLE
dialog: Go over to Jack Estes' place. He's been
dialog: calling up every fiftcen minutes,
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: MAPLE
dialog: More of them...
dialog: (can't say the word)
dialog: .. Whirlymajigs.
speaker_heading: : ) GOUDA
dialog: _ - Flying saucers?
speaker_heading: — MAPLE
dialog: i Yeah, -
text: Captain Maple walks off, Lawson turns to Ames:
dialog: 
dialog: cee ee
dialog: 5
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: That makes five,
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Can I join you boys on this one, Haley?
speaker_heading: - LAWSON
dialog: Sure. Come along.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT, | CLARENCEVILLE MAIN STREET DAY
text: Lawson, Gouda and Ames cross the sidewalk in front of the
text: station and climb into a police car.
dialog: Clarenceville is what writers would call a "sleepy little town,"
text: except this morning it's wide awake. The camera tracks dow
text: the main street, picking up some local color:
text: --A large pester of Richard Nixon hangs in the window of the
text: storefront Republican campaign headquarters. Underneath the
text: hate are omblonened the words "Integzity’ and 'Monescy.”
text: Passing a nearby telephone pole we see a flyer bearing an
text: unflattering picture of John F. Kennedy. It reads: "Can a2
dialog: Catholic be President?"
dialog: 
text: --Down the strect a cluster of preteen boys hang over their
text: bicycles. A transistor radio hung over one of their handle
text: bars plays "Itsy Bitsy Teenie Weenie Yellow Polka Dot Bikini."
text: They joke with each other, imitating the motions of flying saucers
text: --A car of curiosity seekers ambles down the street,
text: --Three or four local merchants weightily discuss the recent
dialog: developments, .
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JACK ESTES' FARM DAY
text: JACK ESTES, a 60 year-old farmer, is leading Lawson, Gouda and
text: Ames across the fields behind his farm. His house, barn and a
text: scattering of farm animals can be scen in the distance.
text: Estes, a garolous old galoot, is dressed in ragtag work clothes.
text: Nis crusty dalmation stands by his side.
text: the officers listen tolerantly as Estes relates his expansive
dialog: tale: -
dialog: =
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ESTES
dialog: (gesturing)
text: It came over this way, just over the trees,
text: bobbin and a weavin like a fish on a line. At
text: first it was all big and round, like a giant
text: cookie, then it flattened out and glowed all
text: pinkish, sort of, and made a horrible screechy
dialog: sound--screrece! Scared me and my dog Jim here.
text: All the animals were just whoopin and a brayin.
speaker_heading: (CONT)
text: Estes leads the trio to a circle of matted and slightly singed
dialog: grass. This is somewhat surprising to them, since they had
text: assumed that it was Estes' senile imagination, not the flying
text: saucer, which had taken flight. Lawson and Gouda examine the
dialog: ground,
speaker_heading: ESTES
dialog: (con't)
dialog: It was right here she landed. This is a small
dialog: cifrle, but the saucer wes much bigger. This
dialog: heré is where the exhaust came out.
speaker_heading: GOUDA
dialog: The exhaust?
speaker_heading: ESTES :
text: Like a blue or purple flame, like a gas burner.
dialog: I didn't know what they wanted but they weren't
dialog: gonna get it from me. TI hit back toward the house
dialog: to get the 12 guage, And it was when I came back
dialog: that I noticed Nell III was gone.
speaker_heading: 11 LAWSON
dialog: Nell? .
text: . ESTES .
dialog: The Third. My cow. The First and Second ame
dialog: died off. She had been grazing right out here
dialog: where the saucer came. 1 was going to run her
dialog: in earlier, buc I didn't. Now she's gone,
speaker_heading: - LAWSON
dialog: . (looking around)
dialog: She must be around here somewhere, Probably
dialog: just got spooked,
speaker_heading: ESTES
dialog: Nope. I looked all over. She's gone alright.
dialog: They took her,
dialog: 
dialog: em
dialog: Lo
speaker_heading: CONTINUED —
speaker_heading: they? LAWSON
dialog: hey?
speaker_heading: ESTES
dialog: The space creatures. They was gone when I
dialog: came back--and so was Nell.
dialog: (Looking around)
dialog: Whatsthematter? Don't you believe me?
speaker_heading: GOUDA
dialog: (dense)
dialog: I think it's a buncha hooey.
speaker_heading: ESTES
dialog: You callt me a lier?
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: No, Mr. Estes. It's just a little hard to
dialog: believe that space creatures came and took
dialog: your old cow,
speaker_heading: ESTES
dialog: Amon gets his cow stcle and the police won't
dialog: do anything avout it, Shee-it.
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: (calming him)
dialog: Now, Mr. Estes.
speaker_heading: ESTES
dialog: (angrier) .
dialog: What country is this? Is this the United States
dialog: of America? Is this the land of the free? Is
dialog: this a country where a man can get his cow stole
text: and the police stand around farting into the wind?
text: In an effort to. calm down Estes, Lawson gets out his pad and
text: pencil and says officiously:
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: Alright, Mr. Estes. Now exactly what did Nell
dialog: TIL look Like?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: EXT. CLARENCEVILLE MAIN STREET AFTERNOON
text: One night of sightings has turned sleepy Clarenceville into
text: a circus town. The main street is jammed with cars and
text: curiosity-seckers. They strain their necks out the windows
text: windows, gawking at the pedestrians, who gawk right back.
text: All the fringies has descended upon C1arenceville: the curious,
text: the sick, and the UFOphiles. One enterprising man has parked
text: his battered old Plymouth "UFOMOBILE" at the curb and is hawking
dialog: all manners of outlandish UFO literature ("I Made Love to a Space
text: Creature) from his open trunk.
text: Further down the street a congregation of the infirm patiently
text: awaits its extraterrestial savior, One woman is on crutches,
text: another man in a wheelchair, and so on, :
text: Giant hand-lettered signs have been tacked up here and there
dialog: reading:
dialog: . Prof. Robt. Allen Smith
dialog: will lecture on the subject
dialog: "Flying Saucers Are Real"
dialog: tomorrow night at Sloan: Field
dialog: $1 8:00 pm
text: As the camera tracks past the window of the Clarenceville Press,
text: we see Claude Ames inside talking on the phone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CLARENCEVILLE PRESS AFTERNOON , ,
text: Ames has a coffee cup in one hand and a telephone in the other.
text: Notes and photographs are scattered across the desk beside him.
text: A CRUSTY OLD LOCAL REPORTER watches him without-comment from a
dialog: worn office chair,
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Don't worry, don't .worry, I'll file the rest
dialog: by 10:00.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: It's a goddam.circus down here, Harry. Every
text: sickic within fifty miles has shown up hoping
dialog: to get a cure,
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Extraterrestial vibrations, I guess. The lane,
dialog: the halt, the blind, they're all here, Is it
dialog: always like this after UFO flaps?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: No, the Air Force isn't here yee,
speaker_heading: (CON'T) :
dialog: |
speaker_heading: ’
dialog: t
dialog: 9
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: .The reporter
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: (con't) .
dialog: They're sending some people? Great. They
dialog: should be here now, These UFO reports are
text: like fish stories, they keep getting bigger.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I don't know, Harry, it's strange. It's like
dialog: somebody's Pen eae) ee on this whole town.
dialog: a beat
dialog: OK, OK, I'1l stay with it. Don't worry. Talk
dialog: to you later.
text: Ames hangs up the phone and turns to the crusty reporter:
speaker_heading: AMES
text: The Air Force is sending some investigators.
text: nods expressionlessly.
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Did you ever have anything like this in
dialog: Clarenceville before?
speaker_heading: OLD REPORTER
dialog: No, sir. Not that I remember,
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Did you see any UFOs?
speaker_heading: OLD REPORTER
dialog: Yep.
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: OLD REPORTER
dialog: I'm going to write a book about it,
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Nave you filed your story?
speaker_heading: OLD REPORTER
dialog: Nope,
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Have you notified the police?
speaker_heading: OLD REPORTER
dialog: Nope,
dialog: on
dialog: 9
dialog: 10
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: (enthused)
dialog: Can I have the story? I'm a stringer for
dialog: the Chicago Trib.
speaker_heading: OLD REPORTER
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: OLD REPORTER
dialog: I'm saving it for my book,
text: Ames turns and throws up his arms in frustration.
speaker_heading: : CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. DAYTON CHURCH MORNING ,
text: A stately white colenial church. Organ music sifts softly
text: throug! the morning air. Middle America on a Sunday morning.
text: SUDDELY, the doors swing wide open and the organ music pours
text: out into the street.
text: ND HEXRY SCHUUR, about 50, steps outside and greets his
text: eners as they file past.
speaker_heading: REVERE
dialog: paris
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Among his parishoners are Air Force Lieutenant Paul VanOwen, ase
text: 40, his wife SHARON and their 8 year-old daughter BECKY. VanOwen
text: shake hands with the Reverend and strides briskly outdoors.
dialog: . .
text: VanQven is wearing regulation AF shoes, trousers, shirt and tie
text: with a patterned summer sportcoat. As he steps out into the sun
text: he seems not only much younger than when we first saw him, but
text: also more casual and easygoing. The brooding gaze, the defensive
text: gait, the grey hair and wrinkles are all still years in the future.
dialog: Wet . . .
text: A shiny new regulation blue USAF,Chevrolect station wagon is waiting
text: at the curb For VanOwen. The words “Air Force Intelligence Center,
text: Wripbe-Patterson AFB, Dayton, 0." are stenciled on the door,
text: Behind the wheel, $/Sgt. BILL NIGBY, about 30, waits for VanOwen.
text: Paul VanOwen, removing his sportcoat as he walks, strides direetly
text: toward the station waron, Nighy gets out of the car ‘and holds out
text: a freshly pr d Air Foree coat and cap for VandOwen,
dialog: vec hunges Cor .
text: VanOwen pives-Hipby his sportcoat and-pues-ow his AF coat and cap.
text: Ne is now in full dress uniform,
dialog: 
dialog: ~~
dialog: ae
dialog: 11
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: VanOwen kisses his wife and daughter goodbye, He gets behind
text: the wheel and drives off with lligby. Sharon and Becky watch
text: the station wagon pull away,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY _ MORNING
text: The station wagon heads south toward Clarenceville.
text: Seated beside VanOwen, Bill Higby loads a 35mm still camera.
text: Higby is a recognizable type: the constipated career officer.
dialog: The kind of guy who can read a paperback novel without once
dialog: eracking the spine. :
text: A stack of papers, files and newspapers lies on the beat between
text: them, On top is a folded copy of the Sunday Chicago Tribune.
text: It carries a 3-column photo of the Clarenceville UFO (aa ill-
text: defined glowing object) and the headline, "Indiana Town Gets
text: UFO Fever," The story carries Claude Ames'- byline.
text: The rear of the station wagon is stacked with suitcases, boxes,
text: files, forms and electrenic equipment.
text: VanOwen and Higby sit comfortably beside each other. Their
dialog: relationship is a professional one; they have worked together
dialog: for some time and feel no particular need to make conversation.
text: Higby finally breaks the silence:
speaker_heading: : 1 HEGBY ¢
dialog: Sorry westet to pull you away from your
dialog: family like this...
speaker_heading: ” VANOWEN
dialog: Ah, nothing lost anyway. Just another Sunday
dialog: afternoon at home. This is much more interesting.
dialog: How does it shape up? .
speaker_heading: HIGBY .
dialog: Average. 1 was going through some of the reports
dialog: before. Some good, some bad, There's one nice
text: report from a physics teacher, and a couple of
dialog: looney ones. There's one real zinger.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: An all-timer?
speaker_heading: : HIGRY
dialog: Not quite an all-timec. Jwraine Blakely,
dialog: something, of the town crackpot, She says it's
text: all an atlempt to defeat Kennedy. The space
dialog: people told her so, She savs Nixon was sene by
dialog: 14,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: VanOwen nods knowingly and keeps driving.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION DAY
text: VanOwen, Higby, Lawson and Captain Maple sit and stand in
dialog: Maple's office. .
text: Nighy has a camera round his neck and takes pictures of Maple
text: and Lawson as they talk. In fact, we'll find he snaps the
dialog: picture of just about everybody he meets.
speaker_heading: MAPLE
dialog: I sure appreciate your coming Lieutenant
dialog: VanOwen. This has been one helluva mess.
text: Vanowen is checking off several names he has written on a notepad:
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Let's see who we have for sure, There's Tom
dialog: Kiesel and his wire Janice, there's Jimmy
text: Simpson, the kid who teak the pieture, Lorains
dialog: Blakely, whe T'aa going to put ofZ calning Lo
dialog: as long as possibie, and Jack Estes, the suy
dialog: with the cow. . :
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: Nell IIL.
speaker_heading: MAPLE
dialog: Yeah, but I wouldn't take old Jack too seriously.
dialog: A couple years ago he was convinced the Chinese
dialog: Reds were stealing his carrots. He said the
text: Chinese had dug a hole through the center of the
dialog: earth and that they would crawl up by night, sec,
text: and grab the ends of his carrots by the roots...
dialog: (gestures)
text: and, zip!, yank them back down to China, We finally
dialog: had to send Gouda out there for a whole night to
text: watch Jack's carrot patch with him before he was
dialog: convinced. .
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Whew, you got ‘tom alright. UFO sightings always
dialog: bring the loonies oue of the woodwork. But T
dialog: want to check out this Jack Estes thing, anyway.
dialog: There's supposed to be some secondary evidence.
dialog: (a bear)
dialog: Did anybody get che negatives from the kid who
dialog: shot the picture?
speaker_heading: 12) CONTINUED
dialog: 15,
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: We'll have to do that, All the evidence is
dialog: government property. We have to go over everything.
dialog: (to Maple)
dialog: Can I borrow Officer Lawson here for the day?
dialog: It'll make things easier.
speaker_heading: MAPLE
dialog: Take my whole force. You can't imagine what
dialog: it's been like the last day and a half.
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: ‘What exactly did happen here, Lieutenant? -
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: I don't know, That's not even my job. I'm
dialog: just a field investigator. I just collect
dialog: all the facts and pass them on.
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: I'21 tell you, Lieutenant, I'm starting to be
dialog: ~
dialog: + belief this stuii iyseif,.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Is the reporter from the Chicago Trib still
dialog: in town?
speaker_heading: . LAWSON
dialog: Claude Ames? Sure. I think so.
speaker_heading: » VANOWEN
dialog: I'd like to talk to him too, In addition, we'd
dialog: like to have all the witnesses, any witnesses at
dialog: all, get together for a general meeting here
dialog: tomorrow morning at 9:00,
text: They move toward the door,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: One other thing, Captain,
speaker_heading: MAPLE
dialog: You name it, Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Please instruet your officers not to speak to
dialog: anyone from the news media, This is an official
dialog: Air Force matter now, There may be Top Secret
dialog: information involved, Who knows what we're dealing
dialog: with?) There may even be national security consid-
text: eratiave W dee Uvernren tA Wan aveteeevenntenel Frye crunsrveae mane Faves
dialog: ‘12
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: MAPLE
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CLARENCEVILLE MAIN STREET DAY
text: VanOwen, Higby and Lawson makes their way through the pedestrians
text: toward VanOwen's station wagon.
text: As they walk they find a town increasingly gone carnival. Newsboys
text: hawk a special "UFO Extra" of the Clarenceville Press. Simpson's
text: drug store advertises its "UFO Sundae." The posters promoting
text: Prof. Smith's UFO lecture have been updated to read "tonight."
text: Tourists walk in packs down the sidewalks.
text: A bumper sticker on a passing out-of-state car reads:
text: “FLYING SAUCERS ARE REAL
scene_heading: THE .AIR FORCE DOESN'T EXIST
text: VanOwen threws his arms around Higby and Lawson in a friendly
dialog: facture os they walk,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. “JIMMY SIMPSON "g HOME DAY
text: A MONTAGE SEQUENCE shows VanOwen, Higby and Lawson interviewing
dialog: various UFO witnesses.
text: They STL stand in the Simpson's middle-class living room as
text: VanOwen admiringly examines the Brownie Starflex with which
text: the 12 year-old JIMMY SIMPSON took the UFO photo. Jimmy's
text: proud PARENTS watch on.
text: VanOwen places Jimmy's negatives into an envelope marked "Top
text: Seeret." Higby takes a picture of Jimny posing with his 8x10
text: glossy and his beaming parents.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JACK ESTES' FARM DAY
text: VanOwen and Higby colleet dirt and grass samples from the areca
text: where Estes claims the flying saucer Landed, VanOwen and Lawson
text: walk across the landscape Listening tolerantly to the cxpansively
text: gesturing, Estes as lligby snaps more photos. .
dialog: 
text: Estes poses with an artist's representation of the UFO he saw
dialog: and Uigby takes his picture, :
dialog: pe
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: CONT INUED-
text: Here, as in Jimmy Simpson's home, VanOwen's modus operanti
dialog: seems designed as much to make the witnesses feel important
dialog: as it is to get the facts. Van0wen has been selected for
dialog: his job because his talents are psychological as well as
dialog: technical.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD DAY
text: VanOwen, Higby, Tom and JANICE KIESEL walk across a grassy
text: area fifty feet off the side of a two-lane country road. Tom
text: is talking, VanOwen is dudifully listening and Higby is snapping
dialog: pictures.
text: They turn and walked back toward the shoulder where VanOwen's
text: station wagon and Kiesel's ‘59 Dodge are parked, Officer Lawson
text: is catching a catnap in the front seat of the station wagon.
text: VanOwen is carrying a plastic bag containing an odd-shaped
text: SCRAP OF METAL. Kiesel walks beside him, a bulky UFO Report
text: Form in his hand, Higby lags a little behind. :
speaker_heading: VANQUEN
speaker_heading: OWEN
dialog: Is this the car you were driving, Mr. Kiesel?
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN .
dialog: We'd like to borrow if for a couple hours,
dialog: if we may. (calli by)
dialog: . calling to Higby
dialog: Bill?
speaker_heading: HIGBY -
dialog: (catching up)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
text: Find a mechanic to go over Tom's car from top
dialog: to battom, See if there is any possibility of
dialog: ignition or engine failure,
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: You do think my car stalled of its own, do you?
speaker_heading: . VANOWEN
dialog: I've pot to check it out, It's my job, This
dialog: is a very good repert, Tom, one of the most
dialog: lucid Encounters of the First Kind we've had,
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: Jan
speaker_heading: Mo’
dialog: .
dialog: 
dialog: 18,
speaker_heading: 16 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: That's just Air Force jargon. A Close Encounter
dialog: of the First Kind is simply a close range
text: sighting where a clearly identifiable object is
dialog: seen, We got a report of a second kind encounter
dialog: at Jack Estes' farm, but there haven't been any vali¢
dialog: third kinds reported in this series of sightings.
text: A Close Encounter of the Second Kind is where there
text: is material evidence, such as soil depressions, burrt
dialog: grass and so on. If we could proved your car
dialog: stalled without mechanical reason, it would make
dialog: yours an Encounter of the Second Kind.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: And the third kind?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN .
text: A Close Encounter of the Third Kind is one in
text: which some form of extraterrestial life is seen,
text: humanoid or otherwise. Very few of these are
dialog: eredible,
text: Kiesel gestures to the plastic bag containing the serap of metal:
speaker_heading: , KIESEL
dialog: What are you going to do with that? _
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: We send all the samples on to the Research and
dialog: Development Lab, They file a report.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: Could I have it back when they're finished. I'd
dialog: like to use it in my class.
text: We take a closer look a the scrap of metal: it does seem quite
dialog: peculiar, ,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Honestly, I forward this stuff and never see it
dialog: again, But I'll pass along your request. I'm
dialog: sure something can be done,
text: VanOwen places the plastic bag containing the metal into the
text: back of the station wagon with the other equipment, Camera
text: CLOSES on the odd scrap of metal.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: : 19.
scene_heading: C 17 ~=OINT. SIMPSON'S DRUG STORE AFTERNOON
dialog: 
text: The malt shop, circa 1960.. The local teen crowd is killing off
text: what remains of a Sunday afternoon by hanging around, telling
text: jokes, ay playing the old Wurlitzer.
text: Paul VanOwen and Claude Ames sit in a corner booth sipping
text: coffee. VanOwen motions toward the Chicago Tribune which lies
text: of the table before him:
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Now is this any way to run a paper? Three-fourths
dialog: of this stuff is hearsay and the rest is gossip.
dialog: "The objects had blue glowing lights and traveled
dialog: at speeds up to 9,000 miles per hour."" What kind
dialog: of crap is that?
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Lieutenant...
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: . . (amiable)
dialog: - Call me Paul,
dialog: 
text: Ne VanOwen hes a frightening ability to make split-second tactical
text: shifts from stern to conciliatory poses. Ames is disarmea py
text: VanOwen's inanner, but determined to hold his own against this
text: older and more experienced oponent.
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Give me some straight information then. I've
dialog: got to file another story by 9:00. TI can only
dialog: write what I hear and see,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Honestly, Claude, there's no more information I
dialog: can give you. There's nothing to write about herc.
dialog: Just people seeing things in the sky, It happens
dialog: all the time. .
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Alright, you want "facts.'' Then answer me some
dialog: straight questions.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Anything. Ask.
speaker_heading: “ AMES
dialog: ~ The Air Foree ran a check on air activity last
dialog: Friday night, right?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN -
dialog: Yes,
dialog: Nee
speaker_heading: 17 CONTINUED
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Were there any jets from Jefferson or Wright-
dialog: Patterson in the areca?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Were there any commercial planes in the
dialog: vicinity? Any private aircraft?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: No. Not that I know of.
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Any sputniks or weather ballons?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: AMES.
dialog: (a beat for emphasis)
dialog: Then what the hell was up there?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: If you were a good reporter, you'd investigate
dialog: the other possibilities, Claude. Plasmas,
dialog: electrostasis, corona discharge, secret flight
text: maneuvers, sundogs, optical mirages, as looming,
text: lenticular cloud formations, meteors, hallucinaticns.
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You're really trying to deceive me, arn't you?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Why would I deceive you? I'm a good church-
dialog: going man, I just want to find the truth.
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: There's no way you would except the reality of
dialog: flying saucers, is there?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Claude, how can you say that? I can't even answer
dialog: that question. My job requires total objectivity.
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: VanOwen, you are a worthy antagonist.
dialog: cut TO:
dialog: o ‘ 21.
scene_heading: “18 INT. . MOTEL ROOM EARLY EVENING
text: Papers, files and toiletries are all neatly stacked on the
text: dresser in VanOwen's motel room,
text: VanOwen is comfortably slouched in a tacky motel chair with
text: a telephone receiver wedged into the crook of his neck, With
text: one hand he holds a cigarette and with the other absent-mindedly
text: works a crossword puzzle as he talks on the phone. But most of
text: all, VanOwen seems to be resting his mind: he is a man capable
text: of accomplishing many tasks simultaneously.
text: He seems blithley uninterested in the conversation he is having;
text: his answers are only of the most perfuctory and obligatory nature.
text: Between snatches of conversation, VanOwen takes short puffs on
text: ) his cigarette, He also manages to solve three crosswords before
text: the conversation is over,
dialog: U :
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: "Bout the same. Everything seems to be in
dialog: order, I'11 be back by Tuesday, Wednesday at
dialog: : the latest...how's everything at home?...that's
dialog: nice,.,she did?...0h...OK, sure...well, do
dialog: co : what you think best...I trust your judgement..
dialog: sure, sure, thot'll be alright....whatever you
dialog: s want...of course...no, I'm not upset, dear...
dialog: i yes, everything's alright. How's Becky?...
dialog: good, put her on...Becky?...been a good girl,
dialog: puddin'?,.,that's nice...she did?...oh...well,
dialog: I'm proud of you...be a good girl, now. Daddy
dialog: loves you...,of course..,put Mommy back on the
dialog: phone now...Hello, Sharon?...
speaker_heading: (CON'T)
text: Bill Higby sticks his head in the open door. VanOwen waves
dialog: him in. .
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: . (con't)
dialog: yes, it's no problem...listen, I've got to
dialog: ving off now, dear. Bill's ready to go...yes,
dialog: I will...don't worry...goodbye, love.
text: VanOwen cradles the phone and looks up at Nigby.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: You all set?
speaker_heading: oS HIGBY
dialog: Yeah, I'm leaving.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN -
dialog: I'm poing over to hear che lecture at Sloan
text: Waa Avneve ast bT ow taehs ete Tee ae Wee TE Veen ene
dialog: {
speaker_heading: oN
speaker_heading: ‘(218 CONTINTUED
dialog: —~r
dialog: = ye
dialog: 19
dialog: 23
dialog: 
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: HIGBY
dialog: I'll see you later then.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Bill?
speaker_heading: HIGBY
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (looking at the crossword)
dialog: What's a five-letter word for meaningless?
text: It takes Higby a second to realize VanOwen's question is rhetorical.
speaker_heading: cUuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. SLOAN FIELD EVENING
text: The sign above Sloan Field reads;
dialog: Robert Allen Smith
dialog: “UFOS ARE REAL"
text: VanOwen, Ames, Lawson and Gouda stand in one of the two li
text: leading to the small municipal baseball field. wo aanes
text: VanOven fokes with Ames and Gouda as they pass through the
text: turnstiles. VanOwen has slipped back into his role as the
dialog: artful Air Force public relations man. ,
speaker_heading: CUT To:
scene_heading: INT. SLOAN FIELD EVENING
text: The citizens and tourists of Clarenceville are taking their
dialog: places in Sloan Field, Among the faces in the crowd we
text: recognize those of Tom and Janice Kiesel, Jimmy Simpson and his
text: parents, and some teenagers from the malt shop.
text: Tarps, blankets and cushions have been placed over the playing
dialog: field. ‘The spectators have been encouraged to lie on the
text: field so they can watch the stars as Prof. Smith speaks, The
text: older spectators assume seats in the bleachers while the younger
text: ‘and more adventerous ones lie on the playing area,
text: Ames, Lawson, Gorida and VanOwen are uncertain where to sit.
text: Gouda looks for a seat in the stands while Ames heads toward
dialog: the cushions,
speaker_heading: AMES .
dialog: Common, Gouda, let's lie on the playing field.
dialog: 
dialog: a
speaker_heading: “TY ow eS
dialog: -s,
dialog: 23,
scene_heading: 23. CONTINUED
speaker_heading: GOUDA
dialog: You kiddin? Me lie down on the ground?
dialog: I'm an officer of the law?
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: La-te-da,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (joking) .
dialog: You mean the guy they sent out to watch
dialog: Jack Estes' carrots all night long?
speaker_heading: GOUDA
dialog: (hurt)
dialog: Who told you that story?
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Commen, Gouda, sit down.
text: They compromise by proping themselves up against the first
text: . row of seats, VanOwen watches the podium.
text: TINECUT: The field lights have been dimmed and Prof. Robert
text: Allen Smith is sveaking from the spotlighted vodium. Behind
text: him is a giant slide screen upon which has been projected a
text: photograph of a UFO. We cut into Smith's speech:
scene_heading: PROF. SMITH
dialog: Now turn your eyes to the skies,
text: VanOwen, Ames, Lawson and Gouda comply, as do we. It is a rich,
text: dark stary night.
speaker_heading: PROF SMITH 0.S,
dialog: There are aproximately 150 billion stars in our
text: galaxy, of which the sun is but one medium-sized
dialog: member, Using the laws of probability, astronomers
dialog: - have estimated there are a minimum of 100,000 planets
text: in our galany with life-supporting atmespheres
text: indentical to Earth's. And there are at least 3,000
dialog: more known galaxies, some as far as 30 million
text: light-years away...
text: SUDDENLY, as Prof, Smith speaks, THREE GLOWING BLUE LIGITS move
text: in slow progression across the sky. One. Two. Three,
text: A shocked silence fills the ball park, then Prof, Smith's hushed
text: voice is overheard aver the loudspeaker system:
speaker_heading: PROF, SMITH 0.S.
dialog: No-ly Cow.
dialog: 23
dialog: 26
dialog: 24,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: The UFOs pass slowly over the stadium, Exclamations of fright
text: and surprise are wem heard everywhere. A child calls, "They're back:
speaker_heading: PROF, SMITH
dialog: Docs anyone have a camera? Is there a camera
dialog: in the house? Please take pictures immediately.
text: Ames is already on his feet snapping pictures with a miniature
text: pocket camera. Gouda stares in wide-mouthed awe, VanQvwen,
text: taking a more objective view, watches without comment.
text: The blue lights fade into the western skies,
text: Ames makes a mad rush for exit. Mass confusion reigns. Spectators
text: turn to VanOwen for his opinion but he indicates he is as
text: baffled as the next person.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ext. SLOAN FIELD NIGHT
text: 4 few cars (including Ames') screech out of the park sing lot
text: in the general direction of the UFOs.
text: Lawson and Gouda try to direct the hopelessly emeshed traffic
text: in the Sloan Fieid parking lot.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CLARENCEVILLE MAIN STREET NIGHT
text: Pedestiens and drivers stand watching the fading blue lights.
text: Ames! car is parked at an odd‘angle in front of the Clarenceville
text: Press office, Inside we see him talking on the phone.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CLARENCEVILLE PRESS NIGHT
text: The clock above Ames! head reads 9:00. A REPORTER at the night
text: desk Listens as Ames speaks:
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Yeah, Narry, I know, I know, Can we still
dialog: make the morning edition?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Well, this is a Special. There's been more
dialog: sightinys here, Put a stenographer on the
dialog: extension,
speaker_heading: (CON'T)
dialog: "a.
dialog: Loo
dialog: 26
dialog: 28
dialog: 
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: (con't)
dialog: Just a couple minutes ago. I saw them.
dialog: Along with 500 others. :
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: OK, are you ready? Take it from here:
text: (he pauses to collect his toughts)
dialog: "The saucers have returned to Clarenceville,
text: Indiana. Five hundred spectators at a
dialog: municipal baseball field saw a regular pattern
text: of three blue saucer-shaped discs moving at
dialog: great speed from east to west.'' New paragraph.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: "This reporter was among them... .".
text: Ames is more than satisfied with himself. This is the scoop of
dialog: his young career. By tomorrow evening his name will be in every
dialog: paper in the country, :
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: EXT, HILL OVERLOOKING SLOAN FIELD NIGHT
text: Bill lligby stands behind the AF station wagon on 4 hill
text: overlooking Sloan Field. In the distance we see the massive
text: traffic jam and hear the honking horns.
text: Higby holds up a large metal cup covered with folded blue
text: rubber.,He sharpely pulls a wire on the bottom of the cup and
text: the rubber immediately inflates with a hissing sound into a
text: large glowing blue helium-filled balloon.
text: Higby lets the balloon go and it shoots quickly upward and drifts
text: in the general direction of Sloan Field.
text: Higby quickly slams the rear gate of the station wagon and, taking
text: one last glance at the airbownd balloon, gets into the front seat
text: and drives away,
text: The balloon drifts on, looking indentically like the pseudo-
text: saucers which threw Sloan Field into a panic. All in all, a
dialog: very successful hoax.
dialog: cut TO:
scene_heading: EXT. OUTSKIRTS OF TOWN NIGHT
dialog: weplod a
text: The firse three UFO ballons pep: one by one and glide toward
dialog: the carth,
text: Clarenceville UFOphiles, following the balloons by car, drive
text: in the direction of the descending "saucers,"
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 26,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED =
text: Qne by one, the balloons return to earth. The first crashes
text: in front of a dimly gas station at a rural intersection,
text: The "£lying saucer" lies in the middle of the road, a helpless
text: mass of blue rubber, mangled metal and miniature blue lights.
text: A gas station attendant and hanger-on move cautiously toward
text: the fallen saucer, Several cars pull up and their passengers
text: get out to inspect the object.
dialog: yitaadypr ces RSs
text: They ali cautiously circle the fallen UFO. They nee =
text: inch fearfully toward it as if it might emit some dreaded fora
dialog: of radiation.
dialog: 
dialog: In the crowd we hear such comments as:
speaker_heading: SPECTATOR
dialog: What is it? .
speaker_heading: SPECTATOR
dialog: Watch out. Don't go too close.
speaker_heading: . SPECTATOR
dialog: Mayhe we shovld call the police.
speaker_heading: . SPECTATOR
dialog: Don't touch it. :
speaker_heading: SPECTATOR
dialog: Maybe they're real small.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION MORNING
text: VanOwen has assembled the UFO witnesses. for a group meeting.”
text: Looking around the room we see Tom and Janice Kiesel, Jack
text: Estes, Jimmy Simpson and a dozen or so others. Claude Ames,
text: chagrined, sits in a back corner.
text: VanOwen stands to speak; Nigby sits at his side, We has several
text: 8x10 glossies in his hand. A folded copy of the morning edition
text: of the Chicago Tribune is tucked into his back pocket.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: I'm sorry to drag you all down here, but there's
dialog: some confusion in my mind and there are some
dialog: things I'd like to per straipht, We've received
dialog: the initial findings of che research Lab in
dialog: Dayton and 1'd like to yee your feeling s on them,
speaker_heading: (CON''T)
dialog: 
dialog: . ‘ 27.
speaker_heading: 29° CONTINUED
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (con't)
dialog: There is a possibility that a large, rare
dialog: : uniqucly-formed plasma passed over this area
text: ‘ last friday night, An Air Force pilot reported
text: a plasma 50 to 100 feet in diameter over Cincinati
text: and moving west at 2100 hours friday. ple
dialog: 
scene_heading: REPT mectaa : meer
dialog: arevme No one knows exactly why thee’ Occur;
dialog: no one can predict how they will act. A plasma is
text: a dense mass of highly ionized air. Under certain
dialog: freak conditions, such as thunderstorms, oxygen
dialog: molecules can loose electrons, geetrguthrerersret
dialog: d, postrivewttresse. The resulting chain reaction
text: produces a compact mass of electrified air, The
dialog: excess electrons are in turn picked up by dirt
text: , particles, salt crystals or even insects, causing
dialog: : them to glow in colors proportional to their
dialog: chemical composition.
dialog: Plasmas, of course, have long existed in the
text: familiar form known as ball lighting. But in recent
dialog: years there has been a marked increase of plasmes
text: ecurring around newly-develoned bigh-tension p
dialog: 
dialog: . lines, Those are called corsage cis wy. Tox
dialog: > _have also been known to emit plasmas. Scientists
dialog: were recently able to create plasmas using amonia and
dialog: natural gas--a combination which can be found over
text: newly fertilized farm lands. The Morehead Planitariua
dialog: has developed synthetic plasmas with controlled
dialog: electric discharge in gas-filled tubes. This, for
text: example, is a picture of a plasma artificially induced
dialog: by the Atomic Energy Commission.
dialog: (shows photo)
dialog: And here is a photo of a naturally occurring plasma
dialog: taken from a height of 30,000 feet. -
dialog: (shows photo)
dialog: And here is the picture Jinmy Simpson took of the
text: UFO which appearcd over, Clarencevjlle last friday.
dialog: « (shows photo)
text: All three photos look remarkably similiar. VanOwen is presenting
text: his evidence as skillfully as a courtroom lawyer.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: The similarities are remarkable. Now this is just
dialog: a hypothesis, only one of many. I wish to make no
dialog: 
dialog: i ~~ more of it than to emphasize the fact. that all the
dialog: o ae qualities aseribed to friday's UFO can also apply *
text: to a freak plasma, such as the one over Cineinati:
dialog: a) they can hover, glow in colors, ‘travel at great
dialog: i speeds, touch ground, burn grass, induce static,
dialog: i * cause engines to shore out. .
speaker_heading: ’ : : : (CON''T)
dialog: 29
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (con't)
dialog: And, of course, there are other possibilities.
dialog: I won't even go into the possibility of a nasty
dialog: and vicious hoak, such as the one which was
dialog: perpetrated on the citizens of Clarenceville
text: ast night, a hoax which even fooled a reporter
dialog: from one of the country's most prestigious newspapers.
text: Claude Amcs hangs his head in shame, VanOwen has the secret
text: smile of a man who is scoring points and knows it.
text: TIMECUT: Ic is a little later in VanQwen's presentation. Having
text: made his case, he is now artfully turning the various witnesses
text: against each other--all in the pursuit of acurate information.
text: Higby watches on silently; he has seen this routine work before.
speaker_heading: : VANOWEN
dialog: In looking over the reports, I was struck by
dialog: several discrepensies. Tom, you reported the
dialog: oject glowed blue and made no sound whatsoever?
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: And, Jack, the saucer that landed on your farm
text: had a large pink dome and made a screechy noise,
dialog: didn't it? _
dialog: Es its
speaker_heading: ERCK
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: . VANOWEN
text: Jimmy Simpson said it glowed a dim white, and his
dialog: excellent photo bears that out. Mrs. Blakely said
dialog: that the object was cigar-shaped and had red port-
dialog: holes. I don't doubt what anybody has reportad,
dialog: I just wondered if you might have something more
dialog: to add. Tom?
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: It wus so quick, you know. One can never be
dialog: 100% sure.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: But -it was sort of red, wasn't it Jack?
speaker_heading: ESTES
dialog: lt could have been a sort of bluish red. My
dialog: ‘eyes aintt so hot on colors.
dialog: 
dialog: f; ) 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 29,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED-
text: VanOwen pauses a moment, letting these contradictions sink in.
text: Looking around the room, he finds a much subdued audience. He
dialog: goes in for the kill: ,
speaker_heading: . VANOWEN
dialog: Now I'm not excluding the possibility of space
dialog: ships, but we have to look at the evidence in
dialog: the cold light of day...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. POLICE STATION . DAY
text: The witnesses, discussing the meeting, file out of the room.
text: One voice says, "Well, I still believe in flying saucers."
text: VanOwen walks out with his arm around the much chagrined Claude
text: Ames, VanOwen has a folded copy of the Trib in his hand. The
text: headline reads, "Trib Reporter Eye-Witness to Clarenceville
dialog: Saucers,"
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: I'm sorry, Paul, I should have checked it
dialog: out more. lt'li never happen again, Next
dialog: time I'll be more careful,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN .
dialog: It's nothing, Claude. Anybody can make a
dialog: mistake, Live and learn.
speaker_heading: ES
dialog: The Trib's running a retraction tomorrow. I'm
dialog: going to write the follow-up story myself. Try
dialog: to salvage my reputation,
speaker_heading: : VANOWEN
dialog: I'll do you a favor, Claude. You need a break.
dialog: - I'Ll rush you the lab reports as soon as they
dialog: come out this afternoon. That way you can beat
text: the other papers by a day.
speaker_heading: / AMES
dialog: Ney, thanks a lot, That's great.
speaker_heading: VANOWLN
dialog: You see, we weren't adversaries after all,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: EXT, COUNTRY ROAD DUSK
text: The AF station wagon is parked on an obscure dirt pull-off from
text: a two-lane country road. VanQwen and Higby stand behind the wagon.
text: Two good ol' boys, CLEMSON and MANSE, are seated on the fold-down
text: rear gate, Each man is wrapped in tin foil to his neck. To top
text: off the totally absurd effect, they wear beenie caps with small
text: blue light bulbs on top.
speaker_heading: MANSE
dialog: Clem, I feel so stupid doing this.
speaker_heading: CLEMSON
dialog: Hell, Manse, if you didn't feel stupid you
dialog: wouldn't feel at all.
dialog: (chortles)
text: Clem, already slightly in his cups, takes another swig of Esra
text: Benson and hands the bottle back to VanOwen--who also tugs at it.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: I'm sure glad this job doesn't require a
dialog: Civil Service exam. You boys'd never make it.
dialog: Mayer
speaker_heading: . PASSE
dialog: Hell, Lieutenant, I only do this for you.
scene_heading: : : VANOWEN-
dialog: : And the money.
speaker_heading: . CLEMSON
dialog: And the money.
dialog: (chortles)
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Common, boys, let's finish the job.
speaker_heading: CLEMSON
dialog: One more tug, Lieutenanet, Please.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Alright.
text: Vandwen hands the Ezra Benson to Clem who takes a deep swig and
text: passes it over to Manse who also has a drink.
text: Higby wraps Mana's head in tin foil. Soon all that remains of
text: him in the small blue bulb atop his head. Then Higby starts on Cler
speaker_heading: MANSE
dialog: (through tin foil)
dialog: You take care of the woney, Lieutenant?
dialog: Co 31.
dialog: 73
scene_heading: ~“" 31 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Ie'll be sent to you after it's all blow
dialog: over,
speaker_heading: MANSE .
dialog: Awh, can't me and Clem have a little now,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: You know the rules, Manse.
speaker_heading: MANSE
dialog: Sheeit.
dialog: \ CUT TO:
scene_heading: 32 EXT. ~ ANOTHER COUNTRY ROAD NIGHT
text: VanOwen and Higby drive the Tin Foil Men down another dark
dialog: country road,
text: Checking the shoulder and seeing a house light in the distance,
text: ot \ *y VanOwen finds a good spot and pulls over.
speaker_heading: . VanovEN
dialog: , Alright, boys, this is the end of the line.
speaker_heading: "CLEMSON
dialog: (drunk) ‘
dialog: Where are we?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Good only knows.
text: VanOwen and Higby help Clem and Manse out of the back seat.
text: They sct them facing forward on the shoulder of the road.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Can you see the road?
speaker_heading: MANSE
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Good. Stay off the road. ust shuffle down
dialog: the shoulder, Real slow.
speaker_heading: pm! CLEMSON
dialog: , Where are we?
speaker_heading: MANSE
dialog: Shut up, Clem, -
dialog: we eee, oo we
dialog: )
dialog: ~
dialog: i
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: VandOwen flips a switch on cach of their foil-covered beenies
text: and the little blue Lights begin blinking on and off. VanOwen
text: sets Clem and Manse on course,
text: VanOwen and Nigby say goodbye and get into the station wagon and
dialog: drive away,
text: The Tin Foil Men shuffle down the shoulder, the blue lights
text: blinking against their shiny bodies. Tipsy Clem wavers along
text: at Manse's side,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. PHONE BOOTH NIGHT
text: VanOwen and Higby stop by a phone booth outside their motel.
text: The motel is on a highway miles ewep from Clarenceville.
text: VanOwen steps into the booth and places a call. When the other
text: . party answers, VanOwen alters his voice, imitating a hysterical
dialog: peckerwood:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VARCH
dialog: Is this the po-iice? Oh, Lordy. Lordy, Lordy.
dialog: I seen 'em. They landed. They came from outer
text: space. They're all shiny and glowin with blue
text: eyes, They're coming down Route 19 right now.
dialog: Oh, Lordy, Lordy, help us.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: No, officer,-I ain't a-crazy. I seen ‘em, and
dialog: now they're gonna get me!
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: This is Ike Tindal. Wait! I got to hang up
dialog: now!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: (slams receiver down) ©
text: VanOwen composes himself and walks back to Higby who stands by
dialog: the car.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN :
dialog: You mighe as well go back to Dayton with the
dialog: rest of these samples. ‘The motel manager will
dialog: drive you to the airport. I'11 wait this thing
dialog: out and drive back comorrow or the next day.
speaker_heading: NIGBY
dialog: Roger.
text: They get inco the car and drive toward the motel,
speaker_heading: cuT To:
dialog: ~)
dialog: 34
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: EXT, ROUTE 19 NIGHT
text: A Clarcnceville patrol car speeds down Route 19.
text: Officers Lawson and Gouda scan the road intensly as the pass.
text: Suddenly, ahead they see two silver spacemen with flashing
text: blue heads.
text: Lawson quickly breaks the car to a crawl. Gouda draws his gun.
speaker_heading: GOUDA
dialog: (frightened)
dialog: Oh, my God. It's them, What'll we do?
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: Don't panic,
text: Lawson cuts the headlights and slowly approaches the Tin Foil
text: Men from the rear, Gouda loads the shotgun with trembling hands.
text: , Lawson pulls the patrol car to the side of the road and parks it.
text: Lawson and Gouda epen their doors and kneel beside the car, Lawson
text: reaches in and pulls out the mike: ,
speaker_heading: LAWSOW
text: Car 2, Car 2 to headquarters. Are approaching
text: what appears to be two space creatures walking
text: on Route 19 approximately 1000 yards west of Six
text: Mile Road. Appearizg to have glwoing humanoid
text: -shape with flashing blue heads.
dialog: (a beat)
text: Flashing blue heads.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Will do. 10-4.
dialog: (hangs up mike)
speaker_heading: GOUDA
dialog: What did they say? :
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: Try to take them alive.
speaker_heading: GOUDA
dialog: Shit,
text: Guns drawn, Lawson and Gouda inch their way toward the Tin Foil
text: Men. Coming up behind Clem and Manse, Lawson and Gouda point
text: their guns and stand up straighe.
speaker_heading: COUDA
dialog: Nale in the name of the United States of America,
dialog: “We are a peaceful country. .
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Clem and Manse awkwardly turn in their tin foil costumes. Clem,
text: still tipsy, trips over his feet and t.mbles to the ground. Manse
text: calls through the tin foil:
speaker_heading: MANSE
dialog: Don't shoot, officers. Don't shoot. We're
dialog: earth people.
text: Manse pulls down the tin foil revealing his face:
speaker_heading: ‘ MANSE
dialog: Don't shoot. We're human people.
text: Lawson and Gouda lower their guns,
dialog: . CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. “POLICE STATION NIGHT
text: Clem and Manse sit side by side in an INTERROGATION RCOM.
text: Standing around them are Lawson, Gouda and Captain Maple.
text: Clem and Manse stare dumbly up at their , interrogators . Their
text: beenie caps have been cemoved and the tin foil is stripped
text: below their necks,
speaker_heading: MAPLE
dialog: So this is your idea of a joke?
speaker_heading: LAWSON
dialog: Where you boys from?
speaker_heading: MANSE
dialog: Kentucky, sir.
speaker_heading: GOUDA
dialog: Where in Kentucky?
speaker_heading: MANSE
dialog: Custer,
speaker_heading: MAPLE
dialog: What did you think you were doing, dressing
dialog: up like that?
speaker_heading: CLEMSON
dialog: Hell, Capt'n, we wuz jus havin a Lite’) fun.
speaker_heading: GOUDA
dialog: You think itts funny to scare people half crazy?
dialog: You should of heard the poor man who called here.
speaker_heading: MANSE
dialog: We din mean no harm, Capt'n,
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: 35 CONTINUED
text: Captain Maple walks into ANOTHER ROOM, picks up a phone and
text: dials. After a moment there is an answer.
speaker_heading: MAPLE
dialog: Hello, Lieutenant VanOwen? Could you come down
dialog: to the station. This is Captain Maple. Sorry
dialog: to bother you like this, but there's a couple
dialog: a boys here I think you should talk to.
dialog: . (a beat)
dialog: Thanks. See you in twenty minutes then.
dialog: (hangs up)
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: 36 EXT. DARK ROAD NIGHT
text: Paul VanOwen drives across the dark country roads toward
text: Clarenceville. He appears calm and content with himself.
dialog: A job well done. .
text: VanOwen drives along for quite some time before he senses
text: something strange. Nothing precise exactly. An odd feeling
text: in the air, the sense of someone following him.
text: Feeling heat on the back of his head, VanOwen rubs his neck.
text: A florescent glow seems to shine momentarily into the back of
text: the station wagon, but when he turns around to look, it is gone.
text: Driving on, he feels ‘heat all around him, He looks at the
text: water temperature guage: it is rising. :
text: There scems to be a faint blue glow alll around the station
text: wagon. VanOwen strains his head out the window to lcok behind
text: him, but sees nothing. He checks the battery gauge: it is
text: discharging rapidly. AWS :
dialog: wat
text: The glow grows warmer, VanOwen,his speedometer fall steadily:
text: 60-55-50-45, Ileépresses the accelerator to the floor, but the
text: car continues to dééelerate: 40-35-30. He rechecks the gauges.
text: The water temperature reads "hot" and the battery is fully discharge:
text: The engine begins to sputter, VanOwen pumps the accelerator
text: but the station wagon only sputters more--then conks out. He
text: slowly guides the dead car onto the shoulder,
text: The car comes to a halt. The interior and exterior car lights
text: suddenly go dark, Bue there is still a strange light softly
text: flooding the area; a bluc glow. He feels the sweat on his face.
text: VanOwen opens his door and steps outside, The moment he does, he he.
text: a strange mechanical plercing saund--the SAUCER SOUND--quiet but
dialog: intense,
speaker_heading: —
dialog: 36,
speaker_heading: CONTIRUED
text: He looks up and sees it: a huge blusish saucer hovering hundreds
text: of feets above his head, ‘This is the only time during the
text: sequenee that we see the "saucer" itself. All the other shots ”
text: are played against VanOwen, his car, the road, the landscape. ce
text: In fact, the object VanOwen "sees" may not be real at all. tt
text: certainly is "real" to VanOwen, but from the evidence available
text: we cannot be sure if it is a hallucination or a genuine close
dialog: encounter. :
text: At first VanOwen seemed curious, then upset; now fear is setting
text: in. We walks backward down the road.
text: He staggers off the road. Suddenly, the saucer seems to be
text: directly above him: huge, round and bluish. He is flooded in
text: light.
text: Without warning, all noise stops. There is stillness everywhere.
text: The light slowly dissolves to pink. VanQwen's eye sockets seem
text: hollow, his cheeks callow.
text: * Sweat pours across his face; his lips tremble. He wants to run
text: but his body won't oblige: he is frozen,
text: Hi: eyes epen us big as saucers, Fear fills his every pour. He
text: is seeing something of incredible grandeur--or horror. It is no
dialog: plasma. .
text: His face and body are transformed as if by X-Ray. It is an
text: in-depth X-Ray the like of which has becn been seen on this earth.
text: The ray cuts through him layer by layer: first we see his skin,
text: then the red network of blood vessels, then the grey network of
text: the nervous system, then his skeletonal structure, and finally
text: nothing but a pale glow--his very soul.
text: Ne raises his hand before him and sees only a skeleton's palm
text: bathed in red light.
text: The SAUCER SOURD returns then dissolves into the OUTER SPACE
text: SOUND. VanOwen's palm dissolves to the misty view of the SITE
text: and we are back momentarily where the picture began, An orange glow
text: hovers on the horizon, We hear the sound of worlds colliding.
text: Intertwined, there is also a new sound--the PHONETIC. LOOP SOUND--
text: a repeated pattern of sounds which scems to make a coherent
text: sentanee, Perhaps something Like ka-fu-rao-pho-lie-ka-£a-roo...
dialog: (final seleetion, of course, would be made after study of possible
dialog: phonetic sound Loops).
text: The Site dissolves ince OUTER SVACE and we are back among unknown
text: stars, planets and yalaxies, The outer space sound grows grander.
dialog: ms,
dialog: Le
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: . 37,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: We hear the sound of a car engine idling and all grows dark
dialog: and silent.
text: VanOwen is sitting at the wheel of his station wagon. The engine
text: is running and the car lights are on.
text: He sces two lights ahead and watches slowly as a car drives
text: past, All has.returned to normal.
text: SCREENWRITER'S NOTE: whatever visual and auditory techniques are
dialog: used during this encounter and subsequent memories of it, the
dialog: final impression left by the encounter should be that of a
dialog: personal experience, not a physical sighting.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT, MOTEL DAYBREAK
text: The first rays of morning fall across the parking lot of |
text: Vanowen's motel, The station wagon is parked in its appreprifate
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MOTEL DAWN-DAY-NIGHT
text: Morning Light breaks through the curtains in VanOwen's motel
dialog: room, : :
text: The bed is rumpled but unslept in, Papers, books and toilctries
text: are scattered over the dresser. Clothes are spread around the res:
text: Paul VanOwen, wearing his wrinkled uniform from the night before,
text: sits staring into vacant space,
text: His eyes fall on various objects in the room: a traveler's clock,
text: a Gideon Bible, a wrinkled shirts. What do they mean?
dialog: Disverve>
text: peaterketies The early morning light diegeives into the organish
text: glow of evening.
text: VanOwen sits in another chair, staring at his shoes. His AF coat
text: lies on the bed, Ne examines his fingers as if they were not
text: pare of his body.
text: DISSOLVE TO: night, The room is dark except for the reflectad
text: glow of the motel sign.
text: VanOwen looks out the Large picture window into the black night.
text: For a moment he hears the OUTER SPACE SOUND, but it quickly rades.
dialog: oO 38.
scene_heading: . 38 CONTINUED ©
text: TIMECUT: later that night. VanOwen sits beside the phone.
text: Presciently, he turns and looks at it: it rings. VanQwen picks
text: up the receiver and Captain Maple's voice comes from the other
dialog: end of the line. :
speaker_heading: MAPLE 0.S.
dialog: Lieutenant VanOwen?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: VanOwen?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (detached)
dialog: Yes,
speaker_heading: MAPLE 0,S.
dialog: Where were you last night? We waited for hours.
dialog: I finally had to give the story to the press myself,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: I couldn't make it.
speaker_heading: MAPLE 0.5S.
dialog: Well, it's alright. I just wanted to tell you
dialog: it was ail a hoax. We had some more prez fs
dialog: last night. I'm sorry we made such damn
dialog: of ourselves.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: That's alright. It's nothing.
speaker_heading: MAPLE (0.S.
dialog: I figured you'd be in Ashville by now. They're
text: having a bunch of sightings’ there,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (his interest picking up)
dialog: North Carolina?
speaker_heading: MAPLE 0.S.
dialog: Yeah, it's been coming over the news for the
dialog: last hour.
dialog: (pause: no reply)
dialog: Well, I'11 see you later.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: -, Yes. ‘
speaker_heading: _’ MAPLE 0.S.
dialog: Goodbye.
text: VanOwen hangs up the receiver.
speaker_heading: cuT To:
dialog: 40
dialog: 
dialog: 39,
scene_heading: EXT. AIR FORCE BASE NIGUT
text: VanOwen's station wagon speeds down a deserted Indiana highway.
text: He swerves sharply into the guarded entrance of an Air Force
text: base. A YOUNG SP examines him suspiciously, but VanOwen flashes
text: a security clearance card at him and drives past.
text: He pulls up to a hanger.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. HANGER NIGHT
text: Inside the hanger, we see the desperate situation Paul VanOwen
text: finds himself in: his uniform is dishevled, his face unshaved,
text: his hair uncombed, his skin pale and his expression totally manic.
text: And he is now trying to talk TWO AF NIGHT PERSONNEL into
text: letting him take a jet up in the middle of the night:
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: There's no problem. I've flown these things
dialog: @ hundred times. I have it sent back from
dialog: Wright-Patterson. I'll bring it back from
dialog: Ashville mysell.
text: VanOwen again flashes his AF identity, security and flight cards
text: at the night personnel, but they are clearly unimpressed. They're
text: both trying to figure out a way to get VanOwen off-the base before
text: he gets himself in trouble.
speaker_heading: 1ST AF SERVICEMAN
dialog: Common, Lieutenant, you've had a rough night.
text: The lst Serviceman puts his hand on VanOwen shoulder put Paul
text: shakes it off.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN .
dialog: Call Major Dominick at Wright-Patterson. He'll
dialog: OK it.
scene_heading: . 2ND AF SERVICHEHAN
dialog: You really don't want to do that, Lieutenant.
dialog: Save yourself a lot of trouble and go home now.
speaker_heading: 1ST AF SERVICEMAN
dialog: . Wait until mornining, Licutenant, Then we can
dialog: ik Betyjokayed through normal channels,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: I've got to get to Ashville tonighc.
speaker_heading: 2ND AF SERVICEMAN
dialog: You're not poing anywhere tonight, Licutenant,
dialog: 40
dialog: on
dialog: 42
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: The 2nd Serviceman tries to take VanOwen by the arm but Paul tums
text: and grabs him by the collar:
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: I'm going to Ashville tonight!
text: The lst Serviceman attempts to restrain VanOwen but catches an
text: elbow in the chest, The 2nd Serviceman grabs VanOwen by the
text: shoulder and punches at him glancing a blow off his cheek.
text: SEVERAL ADDITIONAL SERVICEMEN hear the ruckus and come running
text: across the hangar.
text: VanOwen fights and kicks, but he is quickly subdued by greater
text: numbers. During the struggle we hear his panicky voice:
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: I'm from Air Force Intelligence! I'm from
dialog: Wright-Patterson!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXS. VANOWER HOME DAY
text: VanGvan's station wagon stands in the driveway of his middle-class
text: ranch style howe in suburban Dayton. The house is quintessenti
text: Eisenbower: the name on the mailbex, the meticulously groomed ‘leun,
text: the wor wagon wheels in the front yard.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN EVENING
text: Paul VanOvwen, Sharon and Becky have supper around their formica-
text: topped kitchen table. Mashed potatoes, roast beef and corm. Ray
text: Conniff pluys on the stereo: pura Americana.
text: VanOwen is wearing, casual slacks and a rolled-up plaid shirt--the
text: first time we have seen him without his uniform. He pokes list-
text: lessly at his food but does not eat. Becky catches a furtive
text: glance at her father: she knows there is "something" wrong.
text: Paul sets his fork down and stands up absent-mindedly, Without
text: saying, a word, he walks into the LIVING kOOM.
speaker_heading: SHARON 0.8,
dialog: (concerned)
dialog: Paul?) Paul, what's wrong?
dialog: Wael nto te te et vos sone + -
dialog: ~
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: 43 INT, AT. ILC, DAY
text: The sign on the door reads: “Air Force Intelligence Center
dialog: Wright-Patterson AFL."
text: We hear VanOwen and Major Dominick's VOICES as we track through
text: the offices, past two secretaries, past Rill Higby's office (his
text: door his ajar and he is at his desk) and into Major Dominick's
dialog: office, :
text: MAJOR DOMINICK is a fiftiesh AF career man: a bureaucrat over
text: troubled waters, Behind his head hangs a large 1960 Air Force
text: calender picturing the F-86, then the. latest in air attack
dialog: technology.
text: VanOwen wears his freshly pressed uniform:
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Don't try to make a fool out of me, Major.
dialog: I know what I saw.
speaker_heading: DOMINICK
dialog: 'm not making a fool out of you.
text: Dominick seems a decent, reasonable, well-intended sort. VanOwen
text: ‘ is, and has been, under some strain and Dominick tries to keep
dialog: this in mind.
speaker_heading: VARGVEN
dialog: What does a man have to “do to get someone to
dialog: believe him? Put up an exhibit at the Smithsonien?
speaker_heading: DOMINICK
dialog: That would be a start.
dialog: (backing off)
dialog: Now, honestly, Paul, We have your report. We're
dialog: investigating it now. We are pursuing this matter.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: But I am the investigator--and L'iaa the only
text: eye witness.
speaker_heading: DOMINICK
dialog: We'll need a full field reporc.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: You mean send somebody out to pick up more dirt
dialog: sauples that don't mean a dann thing?
speaker_heading: - DOMINICK
dialog: (deep breath)
dialog: 7 Paul, you of all people should understand my
dialog: position: I must treat this report like I would
dialog: any other siphting., You have often told me you
dialog: would not cake anybody's. s statement at face value
dialog: without an investigation. Why should it be
dialog: different in your case?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 43 CONTINUED
dialog: 42,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Major, this has to come out in the open,
dialog: We must end this coverup.
speaker_heading: DOMINICK
dialog: Coverup? There has never been a coverup.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: What do you think I've been doing for the
dialog: past two years?
speaker_heading: DOMINICK
dialog: Did you ever think you were covering anything
dialog: up? Be honest, Paul,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: No. But that was because I didn't think there
dialog: was anything to cover up.
speaker_heading: DOMINICK
dialog: There wasn't, We may have done some secondary
dialog: "public relations" work, but we have never
dialog: covered up the Llast scintille of evidence,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: If you don't make a public announcement about
dialog: what I saw, Charles, I do it myself. ~
speaker_heading: *DOMINICK
dialog: Please do. Tell anybody you want. I'm not
dialog: going to try to shut you up. We don't cover-up here.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: I'll go over your head, Major.
speaker_heading: DOMINICK .
dialog: Go ahead. I won't try ta stop you from destro
dialog: your career. But you know there's no one over
text: head on this matter. The UFO buck stops right in
dialog: this office. The job of this office is to inves-
dialog: tigate all reports carefully and analytically, and
dialog: it's not going to change now.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: If you would make one positive assumption instead
dialog: of a negative one, you would believe me.
speaker_heading: DOMINICK
dialog: You have it just backwards, Paul. Scientific
dialog: method assumes the negative, it proves the positive.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: AD
dialog: 44
dialog: 
dialog: 43,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED ~
text: VanOwen pauses a moment before saying what he really feels:
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Major, you're so full of crap.
text: Dominick sits back in his chair saying nothing. His feelings are
text: more of sorrow than anger. He is watching a soli@.Air Force man--
text: a career officer--go to pieces before his eyes.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH MORNING
text: The purple-robed church choir take their seats and the organ
dialog: music dies out,
text: Rev. Schuur takes the pulpit:
speaker_heading: . REV, SCHUUR :
dialog: We would like to thank our choir and Mrs. red
dialog: VanDyk for that very moving rendition of the
dialog: old hymn, "When Faith Like a River Attendeth
dialog: -My Way."
dialog: Our text this ouining cones from Paul's
dialog: second epistle to the Corinthians, Chapter
dialog: 5, verses 14 through 17:
text: Schuuw reads the verses in a ministerial monotone. VanOwen,
text: Sharon and Becky, all dressed in their Sunday best, sit in a
text: prominent pew, Sharon and Becky, like the rest of the
text: congregation, are straight-backed and attentive.
text: All except Paul, that is. VanOwen seems extremely uncomfortable,
dialog: nervous, restless. en Ws pretest Lome eves
text: Paul fusses and fidgets through about half of Schuur's reading
text: then he can take it no more. The fusedis burning dangerously low:
text: on his personal time bomb: he must escape a he will explode,
text: VanOwen stands up abruptly, turns, and walks with long confident
text: strides up the aisle and out of the church, Parishoners turn
text: their heads to watch him pass, Schuur's delivery hesitates as
dialog: his eyes wateh VanOwen,
text: VanOwen walks down the steps and stands in the empty NARTNEX,
text: Ne breathes deeply; the claustrophobic Cecling is gone.
text: Ne looks from side to side, becomming suddenly aware of what he
text: has dene, He walks over to the tract rack and seans them
text: inattenvively.
text: The choir has begun to sing; the soothing, sound of distant voices
text: dvites throurh the narthex, VanOwen picks up his gears,
dialog: ch
dialog: 44
dialog: 4h,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: The choir sings an inspiring choral (perhaps “Jerusalem') and
text: VanOwen seems more and more carried away by it.
text: VanOwen's subconscious mind begins to exert its will over his
text: conscious. The hidden memory begins to emerge.
text: The CHURCH SOUND is transformed in VanOwen's ears to a new
text: sound, the CELESTIAL SOUND which in turn is mixed with the OUTER
text: SPACF SOUND. The celestial sound is, in fact, an orchestrated
text: mixture of the organ, church, saucer and outer space sounds,
text: Red and blue nebulae-like mists materialize before his eyes,
text: turning and twisting about like lost worlds.
text: This is but a rudimentary memory; VanOwen can only make out
text: it vaguest outlines. The memory grows before his eyes,
text: tantilizes him with its tangibility, then evaporates.
text: The bluc and red mists blow past, leaving only the original |
text: vision of the SITE--erie, distant and imposing.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: Ist. RITCHEN DAY
text: VanOwen's memory is interructed by Sharon's voice. He and Sharon
text: stand arguing over the kitchen table as Becky watches on from
dialog: another room.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: So you think you can just up and walk out
dialog: when you feel like it, What about me? I
dialog: was never so mortified in my life.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: I don't want to talk about it.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Fine example you set for your daughter. I£
dialog: you don't want...
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (barely rational)
dialog: I don't want to talk about it!
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: If you don't want to go to church, then maybe
dialog: you just shouldn't go.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Alright then, IT won't go. No more church.
dialog: ‘They don't need me anyway.
dialog: ao
speaker_heading: N
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: 45 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Paul, please. What's happening? What's got
dialog: into you? It is somebody else?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Why don't you just leave me alone?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Why don't you let me?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Alright, I will. I'm going. I need some
text: fresh air.
text: VYanOwen grabs his coat and walks toward the front door. Sharon
text: follows him, pleading:
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: I didn't mean that, Paul. Please stay. Let's
dialog: talk about it. :
text: VanOwen strides across the lawn toward his station wagon.
speaker_heading: ‘ CUT Te:
scene_heading: nt, A.T.1.C. DAY
text: The sceretaries eye VanOwen warily as he walks past and into
text: the open dvor of Higby's office. He looks haggard.
text: Van@een Finds Higby unpacking his briefcase.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: What's this, Bill?
speaker_heading: HIGBY
dialog: Stopped off in Clarenceville on the way back
dialog: from Ashville. Investigated your report.
text: The pever balance between VanOwen has abruptly shifted: Paul
text: is now eday and Higby superior. He relishes his advantage over
dialog: his former boss
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (ironic)
dialog: I bet it was negative, Why wasn't I told?
speaker_heading: HIGBY
dialog: The Major's going to insist on you taking that
dialog: vacation, Paul, You need a rest. He's been
dialog: talking to your wile.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: O 46 CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN '
dialog: He's been talking with Sharon! What siSine's»
dialog: vedi? is that of his?
speaker_heading: HIGBY
dialog: Take it up with him, I don't want to get
dialog: involved.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: You probably planned it. You were always
dialog: against me,
speaker_heading: HIGBY
dialog: I think you ought to take that vacation, Paul.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: So you can make me look like the village idiot
dialog: while I'm gone? .
speaker_heading: RIGBY
dialog: Don't accuse me of using your methods.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: My methods?
speaker_heading: HIGBY
dialog: You need a rest, Paul..
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (pathetic)
dialog: I need a chance to find it again, that's all,
dialog: Bill. They have to send me back out.
speaker_heading: HIGBY
dialog: I never did approve of your methods.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (m gered)
dialog: Get out of here, I don't want you around me, ©
speaker_heading: HIGBY
dialog: But this is my office.
speaker_heading: ' . VANOWEN
dialog: : Oh,
text: > -) Ne turns and exits.
dialog: .
dialog: Dow
speaker_heading: CUT ‘10:
dialog: ee
dialog: Us
speaker_heading: 1
dialog: \
dialog: 47
dialog: “
dialog: 48
dialog: 47.
scene_heading: INT,” BEDROOM DAY
text: Paul VanQven packs his suitcase with silent efficiently and
text: closes it.
text: Ne takes a final look at a sheet of paper, leaves it on
text: the dresser and walks out, It reads: "I'm sorry."
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, A.T.1.C, DAY
text: VanOwen has closeted himself in his A.T.I.C. office. Behind
text: him stand boxes and boxes of all UFO files.
text: Ne studies the files one by one, joting down notes. We then
text: pins the notes on a large billboard under various categories:
text: “Daylight Dises," "Close Encounters of the lst Kind" and so forth.
text: Nis half-open suitcase lies 6n the crumbled sofa,
text: There is a knock on the door. VanOwen, suspicious, looks up.
text: ‘Two men in anonymous dark suits walk in, Their names, as we
text: shall learn later, are AUGUST KILNE and LOU’ HEKMAN,
text: Kilne closes the door behind them.
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: Lt. VanOwen? May we speak with you a moment?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Did you come to throw me out of my office?
text: They sit down.
speaker_heading: ‘ KILNE
dialog: Not at all. Excuse our intrusion. You reported
dialog: seeing a UFO a week ago in Clarenceville, right?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Yes. I filed a report.
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: We read the report. -
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: It's a very good report. We have reason to
dialog: believe it is authentic.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Who are you?
dialog: 5.
speaker_heading: LL
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: Well, Lieutenant, this is sort of awkward.
dialog: We represent the governmental body which
text: investigates UFOs.
speaker_heading: “VANOWEN
dialog: That can't be. I represent the governmental
dialog: body which investigates UFO,
speaker_heading: : KILNE
dialog: Not quite. You represent the governmental body
dialog: which covers up UFO reports, You are a front,
dialog: A public relations man,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: Major Dominick is the only one in your unit -.
dialog: who lmows its. t==e nature. He has tobeetws:-q'che. te >
dialog: —about” you. He feels you have become a security
dialog: risk to your unit and to yourself. He spoke .
dialog: of you only in the highest terms.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: What .is all this? A joke?
speaker_heading: KILNE .
text: Just the opposite. Major Dominick has suggested
dialog: that you come and join our staff. We are a small
text: top secret unit entirely within the Air Force. Ko
dialog: elected politician knows of our existence; we
dialog: report only to the Joint Chiefs. We are called
dialog: Project Grief. We are nonpeople within the Air
dialog: Force. We have neither rank nor commission. We
dialog: have neither family nor private lives. We follow
dialog: orders; we make reports only when we deem necessary.
dialog: We are only a couple years old but are free to
dialog: pursue UFO investigations in any way we choose,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Why don't I just report your existence to the
dialog: press? That would blow the lid off,
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: What is there to report? We do not exist.
speaker_heading: HEKMAN .
dialog: Major Dowinick said you told him you thought your
dialog: whole Life was a lie, that you can created no
dialog: knowLcdy¢, oemictedeeere only decept Lon, sackettr tee rert
dialog: This is your chance to change all that, You can
dialog: help us investipace and learn, Major Dominick
dialog: thinks you could be of yreat use to us.
dialog: 49
speaker_heading: C
dialog: ~ =) -
dialog: 49,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED ~
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: Well, how about it, Lieutenant?
text: VanOwen thinks a moment then smiles. This is all he could
dialog: have ever dreamed for.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Yes. I want nothing more, Good God, yes,
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. PROJECT GRIEF LAB DAY
text: We dissolve to Paul VanOwen, dressed in civilian clothes, being
text: led into a large white laboratory by Kilne.
dialog: In is the same lab we saw fifteen years later (in the opening
text: scene). At this time, however, the laboratory is comparatively
text: old-fashioned and poorly equipped. The walls are hung with
text: appropriate astronomical and UFO charts, maps and photos.
text: VanOwen's eye catches an object Lying on one of the lab tables:
text: it is the oddly-chaped SCRAP OF METAL VanQwen picked vp in the
dialog: ‘Livlg wilh Ton Kiesel, This is the lab where all lis iuvestigatiew.
dialog: & .
dialog: ultimately led.
text: The staff of Project Grief is lined against one of the tables.
text: They look anonymously efficient in their white jackets. Among
text: the five men and two women, we recognize Lou Hekman,.
speaker_heading: . KILNE
dialog: Gentlemen and women, this is James Paul
dialog: VanOwen, the new staff member I've told
dialog: you about,
dialog: (to VanOwen)
dialog: Paul, welcome to our family.
text: Kilne leads VanOwen down the line and introduces the staff members
dialog: one by one: .
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: Lou Nekman, Haru Miko, Judy Nicholas, Otis
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Cary, Ken Tabulis... i PALS
text: Sereen slowly FADES TO WIITE, ATS ys
dialog: “|
scene_heading: INT, VYROJECT GRIEF LAB 7 DAY (1975)
text: Sereen diszulves to the same shade of white which opened the
text: picture, ‘Ihe poised seapel tips downward: a red dot appears on
text: the sereen and swings into a horseshoe formation,
dialog: ‘or
dialog: “>
dialog: si
dialog: 
dialog: 51
speaker_heading: CONTINUED —
text: Fifty-five year-old Paul VanOwen grimaces in pain and we are
text: back to where the opening sequence left off,
text: Lou Hekman implants the square thermocouple and Haru Miko helps
text: him suture the incision. They are now both in their forties.
text: Today's work finished, VanOwen stands up from the operating
text: table. Ie looks down at the six circular bandages which have
text: been placed over the incisions on his chest. He touches one
text: of thew gentley with his fingertips.
text: VanOwen walks over to a chair, picks up his clean white shirt
dialog: and puts it on,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (inspecting bandages)
dialog: That's very good work, Lou.
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: (deferntial)
dialog: Thanks, chief.
speaker_heading: VANOWVEN
dialog: (buttoning shirt)
dialog: We'll go back at it same time day after
dialog: tomorrow, .
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: Ill'be be here.
text: Hekman chuckles depreciatingly: where else would he be?
text: VanOwen walks to the door.
speaker_heading: CcuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. VANOWEN'S OFFICE * DAY
text: VanOwen enters his office in the subterranean Project Grief
dialog: complox, :
text: It is a large prestigious office; VanOwen is obviously a VIP
dialog: in Project Grick, Gueeneewekistegs 4 UFO siqslatciess still hens en fe wsil
text: VanOwen the closet and selects a discrete black-and-red tic.
text: Ne puts on his grey pin-striped vest and suit coat to match
text: his trousers.
text: VanOwen fastens his watch as he leaves the office.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
dialog: "52
dialog: 54
dialog: of,
dialog: sa
dialog: 51.
scene_heading: INT, _ CORRIDORS DAY
text: VanOwen walks down the broad white corridor toward the elevator.
text: A large Ellsworth Kelley painting stretches across one wall.
text: Ne pulls out his key, places it in the elevator switch and
text: turns it, A green light indicates the "UP" elevator has been
dialog: activated,
text: He steps into the elevator.and the doors close behind him,
text: INSIDE THE ELEVATOR, the floor indicator lights progress from
text: B4 to B3 to B2 to Bl to G. The doors open and VanOwen is on
text: the ground floor.
text: VanOwen steps out, On the wall by the elevator door there is,
text: instcad of a button, a small keyhole and a discrete sign reading,
dialog: “Access to this Elevator by Key Only."
text: A armed, uniformed sir Force GAURD sits at a desk near the
text: elevator. He nods to VanOwen.
text: The guard stands and unlocks the exit door for Paul. The door
text: opens and VanOwen steps out into the brilliant sunlight.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EMT. “FB PARKING LOT DAY
text: A sign above the door VanQwen has just exited reads, "Restricted
dialog: Area. Authorized Personnel Only."
text: As VinOwen walks, we notice the building he has exited is actually
text: a planetariun. In the distance is a large complex of nddescript
dialog: militery buildings. “
text: Striding across the parking lot, VanOwen slips on his sunglasses.
text: Conservatively attired in his three-piece suit, Paul VanOwen is
dialog: an anomaly in this world of AF uniforms, regulations and staff
dialog: cars,
text: VanOwen steps over to a long black 1975 Cadillac limousine with
text: tinted dark windows. A sign inside the windshield reads, “Diplomati:
dialog: Car. Official business."
text: VanOwen gets in and-vives out of the lot into the plastic world
dialog: of 1975.
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT, WIGHWAY DAY
text: VanOwen's limosine zooms acress the barren fields of Ohio on
text: a modern four-lane Interstate,
text: Coming, inta Dayton, he looks across the modernized skyline.
speaker_heading: CUT ‘TO: |
dialog: . 52.
scene_heading: EXT, DAYTON DAY
text: Vanowen drives down the street where he once lived. He slowly
text: passes his old ranch-style house. <A new name is on the mailbox
text: and the neighborhood has been transformed into a low income
text: uasi-urban arca. The wagon wheels which once adorned the
dialog: front yard heeothcerteter-crt ant thre—hotes—covesedmeretng fe gore.
dialog: He drives on. -
text: Later, driving through a more affluent neig hborhood, VanOwen
text: slows down as he approaches a comfortable suburban home.
text: Checking the address against a small notepad, VanOwen turns
text: into the driveway.
text: We gets out and walks to the front door. After a moment's
text: hesitation, he rings the bell and waits.
text: No one answers after a second ring and VanOwen peeks in the
text: front windew, Seeing something of interest, he walks around
dialog: the house.
text: IN THE BACKYARD, a mature good-looking woman is working in her
text: flower garden. VanOwen sees her from behind and walks toward her.
dialog: 
text: 35 over har shoulder, we see Paul walking softly acrecs the
text: wiass toward hec, After a moment, we recognize Sharou
dialog: VanOwen's ex-wife.
text: VanOwen steps softly beside her, saying nothing. She is not
text: aware of his presence, After a moment, he says casually:
speaker_heading: . VANOWEN
dialog: Hello, dear. How'd things go today?
text: Without turning, she answers as if by a long-forgotten reflex:
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Okay. How about you?
text: There is a slight pause. Almost against his will, Paul smiles.
text: Suddenly Sharon realizes what she has said and turns around:
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Is that you? Paul? Is that Paul VanOwen?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Yes, Sharon,
speaker_heading: * SHARON
dialog: My God, 1 thought you were dead.
text: There is an uneasy pause, She gestures toward the house,
dialog: 56
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Come in. Please come in.
text: Sharon walks toward the house and Paul follows her.
speaker_heading: cUuT To:
scene_heading: INT, LIVING ROOM DAY
text: They walk into the living room, VanOwen awkwardly scans the
dialog: room. ‘The furniture is expensive, but noc particularly
text: tasteful, The framed photo of a man stands on the stereo
dialog: console, .
text: Paul and Sharon are both uncomfortable, They hardly know where
dialog: to start.
speaker_heading: . SHARON
dialog: Would you like something? A drink or a cup
dialog: “of coffee?
speaker_heading: . VANCWEN
dialog: Just a little scotch. To celebrate the
dialog: ocassion, .
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: (releasing her tension)
dialog: Well, me too.
text: VanOwen finds a seat and Sharon pours a couple glasses of
dialog: scotch, .
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: How are you?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: I'm fine. .
speaker_heading: VANOWEN .
dialog: Good,
dialog: (looking at picture)
dialog: How's Jim?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Ne diced almost a year ago. Cancer.
speaker_heading: -VANOWEN
dialog: (awkward)
dialog: I'm sorry.
dialog: ;™‘
speaker_heading: 4/57 CONTINUED
dialog: 34,
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Don't be. We had a good life together, We
dialog: were married eleven years. That's longer
dialog: than you and I were married. This is his
dialog: house.
dialog: (looks around)
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: How's Becky?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: May I ask you something?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: SHARON ,
dialog: Why are you here?
text: This is a crucial question, and VanOwen himself hardly knows
text: the answer. How does he convey the complex series of emotions
dialog: o ~, which have brought him back?
dialog: 
text: He hens and haws, looking anywuere but at Sharon:
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Well, I just thought that ahh...I would
dialog: ahh...
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: (without bitterness)
dialog: Why does a man leave his wife and child after
dialog: nine years of marriage, file divorce papers in
dialog: absentia, disappear for fitteen years, let
dialog: _ people think he was dead, then suddenly show
dialog: up one day?
speaker_heading: VANOWVEN
dialog: Well, I had to come into this areca and I was
dialog: just thinking that I would ahh... well, see
dialog: you one...one more time.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: We hardly know each other any more.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: We have a lot of history in common, Sharon,
dialog: And 1 would like to know everything is...
dialog: alright.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: 57 CONTINUED
dialog: ss.f\
dialog: “)
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Paul, what's wrong?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Nothing. I just wanted to see you again.
dialog: An impulse.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Well, I'm glad to see you're alive--and
dialog: in good health too.
dialog: (laughs)
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I'm getting a lot of medical attention.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: How's Becky?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: She's married now. .
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Already?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: For two years. She's 23 now, She has a
dialog: child, six months old. You're a grandfather
dialog: now. We're both grandparents.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Did she go to college?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: For two years. Then she met Eric and dropped
dialog: out, They live in Indianapolis. I can get
dialog: you her address. .
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Would you do that please?
text: Sharon stands and walks into another room, Paul watches her
text: contemplatively.
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: whe
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: Go
scene_heading: EXT. BANK DAY (? “] 2)
text: VanOwen's limousine pulls up in front of a Dayton bank.
text: Paul gets out and walks inside.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BANK OFFICE DAY
text: . VanOwen stands beside the BANK PRESIDENT in his plush office.
text: Tne president, seated, gocs over a sheath of papers:
speaker_heading: BANK PRESIDENT
dialog: It's certainly a pleasure to meet the
dialog: man whose money we've been investing all
dialog: these years. Before he retired, Charlie
dialog: said to give you his best if you ever came
dialog: in. That was four years ago already.
speaker_heading: VaROucn
dialog: Is everything in or3er?
speaker_heading: BANK PRESIDENT
dialog: Yes, Did you want any changes in the will?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: No, I just wanteé to make sure it was all
dialog: in order, Just hold everything in treasury
dialog: Honds, vewridewyorrhevenbomarvesivoerer There
dialog: won't be any more payments.
speaker_heading: BANK PRESIDENT
dialog: Is there anything else you can remember?
text: VanOwen thinks. As he does the sereen FADES TO DARK BLUE,
dialog: Curt wo.
scene_heading: DISLOLVE- TO: oye
dialog: 
dialog: nee
scene_heading: Inv. PROJECT GRIEF GAME ROOM EVENING (1963) ~
text: A small red vibratiny dot appearson the Field of blue. As
text: we fade in’we realize the dot is the plowing, end of a
text: edyarette being smoking by Haru Miko in the Project Grief
dialog: Game Room,
dialog: ~N
dialog: }
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: “69 CONTINUED
dialog: oo
text: The Game Room is a large wood-paneled "Tudor Style" relaxation
text: room in the otherwise crome and steel underground Grief complex.
text: The room is richly decorated with deep pile carpets and leather
text: chairs and contains a chess table, a dart board, a pool table,
text: a television and rows of books.
text: As the camera slowly pans across the room, we find a congenial
text: assortment of seemingly unrelated activities: Haru Miko (his
text: cigarette tip aglow) silently watches an early Sixties episode
dialog: of "The Beverly Hillbillies," further along Otis Carey and Ken
text: Tabulis play chess intently, beyond them Auguse Kilne and and
text: Lou Heckman are plete a lacadasical game of pool. Behind them, &
text: white-jacketed FEMALE STAFF MEMBER browses through the book shelves.
dialog: — Sheeting .
text: At the far end of the room Paul VanOwen and Judy Nicholas ene sit
text: geated side by side in high-backed leather chairs, aeading. Paul
text: wears informal clothes and is deeply involved in_a heavy tome
text: about radio astromony. Judy, a good-looking woman about 35, is
text: reading something less weighty. All in all, it seems a happy
dialog: + though highly unusual family.
dialog: 
text: We watch VanOwen: suddenly, all this intense study gets too much
text: for his. We drops his book te the floor, puts his hands az
text: his neck in a mock-choking manner, stands up, staggers in a
text: circle and finally collapses to the carpet as if choked to death.
speaker_heading: d4asol£ :
dialog: 
text: Judy looks up momentarily but no one else takes much notice. Their
dialog: closeted conditions have forced the Grief staff members to be
dialog: remarkably tolerate of each other's eccentricities.
text: VanOwen finally pulls himself to his feet, picks up his book,
text: plops back down in his chair and resumes reading.
text: After a moment, Judy turns to him and says:
text: JUDY...
dialog: (pleasant)
dialog: Getting a little too much for you, Paul?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
text: (quoting from his book) .
dialog: "If we accept the Davis-Greenstcin value for
dialog: the strength of general interstellar magnetic
dialog: fields, then it becomes necessary to also accepc
text: the view, pasited by Baade and Minkowski, chat
text: still more intense clouds of gases collide
dialog: violently with cach other, though not necessarily
dialog: in the ratio they proscribed." Aaarrrgghhh,
speaker_heading: C
dialog: ‘(ope
dialog: 61
dialog: ~ They walk pa
speaker_heading: a YP
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED -
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: It's not my fault you wanted to specialize
dialog: in everybody's field.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Well, it didn't have any of my own so T
dialog: thought I'd try to beat out everybody else.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Modest.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: The bio-chemistry wasn't that bad. Neither
dialog: was the astronomy or the nuclear physics. But
dialog: the speculative math gets me down,
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Don't worry. You're passing most of us by
text: like a roadrunner. Beep, beep.
dialog: (smiles affectionately)
dialog: It won't be long before you're head of the
dialog: whole you-know-what instead of you-know-who.
dialog: (nods in Kilne's directicn)
text: VanGwen motions to her secretly:
speaker_heading: VANOWEN .
dialog: Come here, Judy, I want to ask you about
dialog: something.
text: VanOwen stands and gestures for her to follow. Theywalk
text: “ across the room together.
text: As they pass the chess table, we notice that Carey and Tabulis
text: have fallen into a violent argument. Both are standing on
text: opposite sides of the chess table, throwing the pieces at the
text: floar and each other. No one pays much attention to them: this
text: type of hostility release is very common within the project.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: int. PROJECT GRIEF CORRLDOR _ EVENING
text: There is a stark contrast of decor as Paul and Judy step from
text: the warm wood-paneles Game Room into the cold harsh white
dialog: corridor of the Grief complex,
dialog: 
text: the Ellsworth Kelley painting, toward the lab,
text: au) opens the door for Judy and they enter,
dialog: cur TO:
dialog: 
dialog: {
dialog: Co
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: INT, “LABORATORY EVENING
text: Paul and Judy walk into a modernized version of the original
dialog: lab (thouzh not yet up to 1975 standards). A 1963 Air Force
text: calender hangs on one of the walls; it now sports a newer
dialog: AF ergairy than the 1960 version (these AF calenders wets
text: not gnly serve as time devices, but also as a running gag).
dialog: rg hter jer
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VANOWEN :
dialog: What do you think of Kilne's Rosetta Stone
dialog: idea? :
speaker_heading: JUDY Ch
dialog: Well, it's what we've been working tewert for
dialog: the last two years.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: I know, but I'm starting to have my doubts.
dialog: We've got junk and bits and pieces of scraps
dialog: down here that people have collected over
dialog: twenty years, yet none of it gives us the
dialog: slightest clue. I'm not sure there is such a
dialog: thing as a Rosetta Stone, something that
dialog: ean be decoded and give us the secret.
speaker_heading: UDY
dialog: . This is no cakewalk,
dialog: ag
dialog: Maybe there isn'
dialog: you know.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: But don't you think Kilne is putting too.
dialog: much emphasis on it?
speaker_heading: JUDY
speaker_heading: (percéptive) rr’ 0
dialog: Ts the the Rosetta Stone idea or Kilne you
dialog: object to?
text: VanOwen starts to answer but stops when he hears the door open.
text: Judy says under her breath:
speaker_heading: JUDY -
dialog: Speak of the devil.
text: August Kilne walks in,
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: Now would you like to take a trip?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: What's up, Augic?
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: 62 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: KILNE
text: There's a sighting coming across the Air Force
dialog: hotline, South Dakota, Near Rapid City. Could
dialog: be the real thing. Thought we might fly
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Who's there now?
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: Nobody, The team from Wright-Patterson
dialog: won't be there until mid-morning. We can
text: jet and drive over now and take a look
dialog: around, Never can tell what will turn up.
dialog: Lou's gonna watch the store. Otis is going
dialog: and I figured it was about your turn to go
dialog: 4 upside.
speaker_heading: : VANOWEN
dialog: po . Let's go. :
speaker_heading: ; oN CUT TO:
scene_heading: : 63 EXT. SOUTH DAKOTA HINTERLANDS. NIGHT
text: Kilne, Carey, Nicholas and VanoOwen,' dressed in civilian
text: clothes (as always) are seated in an unmarked 1962 car.
text: Vandwen is at the wheel,
text: They drive slowly along a deserted road in South Dakota.
dialog: } Van0wen userthocare spotlights taslight=ep the side of the
text: : road as they pass. The countryside is lonely and forboding.
speaker_heading: : JUDY
dialog: Cheery part of the country.
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Should of brought my criter boots.
text: Ahead thet} sec a dim oblong glow moving across the horizon.
text: Judy gasps’ and VanOwen hits the accelerator.
text: The car srows nearer the UFO. They look anxiously at it as
text: ow Carey Teans across Judy's lap to snap photos. In the front
text: ( ~ seat, Kilne sets the sets the l6omm camera and starts shooting
dialog: also.
dialog: 
dialog: 64
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: They pull up even with the UFO, It is hovering over a small’
text: lake about 100 yards directly to their left.
text: VanOwen bréalss the car in the middle of the road and the all
text: get out. VanQwon swings the spotlight across the open field
text: between them and the lake,
text: Kilne and Carey trot across the field, taking pictures all
text: the while, VanOwen grabs a pistol from the glove compartment
text: and follows with Judy.
text: They reach the edge of the lake. The glowing UFO hovers
text: directly in front of them. They run along the edge of the
text: lake attempting to get a closer look. As they run, the UFO
text: slowly turns bluish.
text: Suddenly the UFO veers and moves directly at them. The air
text: around them takes on a bluish glow and the marshland at their
text: ‘feet sparkles with static, VanOwen is the first to talk:
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: It's a plasma! A goddam plasma!
text: Carey snakes his fingers as they bristle with electrostatic
dialog: shock:
speaker_heading: shit. CAREY
text: The plasma passes aver them, veers sharply upward and takes
text: off. They watch the glowing plasma disappear slowly into the ~
text: dark sky.
text: There is a pause and Kilne says:
speaker_heading: KILNE 0.8.
dialog: Let's get some sleep.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT, HOLIDAY INN MORNING
text: Kilne and VanOwen wait as Judy and Otis exit from their
text: seperate rooms in an Interstate Holiday lun, Judy and Otis sity
text: good-morning and throw their small havel bags into the trunk,
text: They all get inte the ear and pull away, We notice from the
dialog: diverse license plates and travel stickers that this is a prime
text: tourist area, An improportionace number of the bumper stickers
dialog: promote nearby Mount Rushmore,
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: Cc
dialog: (
speaker_heading: “ 64 CONTINUED
dialog: 65
dialog: 61.
text: Their car pulls on the road, After they drive a bit, they
text: pass a familiar station wagon headed the opposite direction:
text: it is Bill Higby and his new assistant headed for the site
dialog: of the UFO reports,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. MACDONALDS MORNING
text: Mid-Morning and the local MacDonald's is crowded with hungry
text: ‘tourists and their offspring. Kids carrying battered Donald
text: Duck comics and Mount Rushmore penants nag and tug at their
text: parents, Other children skip from car to car comparing the
text: travel stickers pasted on car windows.
text: MacDonald's familiar (but now obsolete) yellow arches stetch
text: grostesquely over the assembled vacationers. A sign above
text: . their heads proclaims, “Over 3 Billion Sold."
text: Our eves catch a local newsrack. The banner of the Rushmore
text: News reads, "Lyndon Johnson's First 200 bays," and, in smelier
dialog: print, "Air Force to Investigate UFO Sightings."
text: Nicholas, VanCGwen, Kilne and Carey exit with their burgers,
text: fries and malts and locate an outdoor table.
text: They silently set up their food and begin to eat. Paul finally
dialog: says:
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: A goddman plasma. You know, all those years
dialog: I told people about plasmas and I never saw
dialog: one before myself. I didn't really believe
dialog: they existed. It was like something out of a
dialog: textbook,
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: I'd seen one from the air before but never
dialog: quite as good as this,
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: If we were in plasma research we could publish
dialog: our findings and have it sacked.
speaker_heading: JUDY
text: Instead of being sacked.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: That's one thing that'll never happen to us.
dialog: World War TIfcould wipe out the government
dialog: and Project Grief would keep going.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Just learn Russian, that's all,
text: As VanOwen speaks, his eyes catch something of great interest.
text: He stares forward, his jaw unmoving.
text: From his P.0.V., we see Sharon walking across the MacDonald's
text: with her new husband, JIM STAPLES (the men in the framed 1975
text: photograph). She is wearing a casual dress; he a sport suit.
text: They are obviously on vacation.
text: Sharon's eyes catch Paul at the same instant and she boldly
text: takes Jim's arm and walks toward Paul's table.
text: Paul barely has time to stand by the time she reaches his
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: : (awkward)
dialog: Hello, Sharon. .
speaker_heading: SHARON .
dialog: Hello, Paul. This is Jim Staples. Jim,
dialog: this is Paul VanOwen.
text: Staples is at first curious and friendly, but becomes formal
text: and polite after he learns who Paul is. He extends his hand:
speaker_heading: STAPLES ©
dialog: Hello, Paul. I've heard a great deal about
dialog: you,
speaker_heading: “VANOWEN
dialog: (monplussed)
dialog: Ah, Sharon, this is Judy Nicholas, Otis Cary
dialog: and August Kilne,
dialog: . (to others)
dialog: This is Sharon...ahh...
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Sharon Staples.
text: The others stand and shake hands politely. Sensing the awkward-
text: ness of the uation, they collect their uncaten food, Judy
text: takes a particularly careful look at Sharon,
dialog: 
dialog: 65
dialog: 
dialog: ony
dialog: j
dialog: o 177
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: (excusing himself)
dialog: We've got to be running along. Nice meeting
dialog: you.
text: Kilne, Carey and Nicholas walk back to the car. Jim Staples
dialog: likewose finds a way to excuse himself;
speaker_heading: STAPLES
dialog: I'll pick up the food, dear.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Thanks, darling.
text: Staples walks toward the counter. Sharon turns to Paul:
speaker_heading: . SHARON
dialog: I didn't get much of a chance to meet your
dialog: girlfriend, She seems nice, ~
speaker_heading: . VANCWEN
dialog: Judy? Oh no, she just works with us.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I gather you got narried agein.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Yes, actually Jim and I are on our honeymoon.
dialog: I know this is a pretty prosaic place for a
dialog: honeymoon...
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: but Jim could only spare a couple days and
dialog: we'd never been here before, so... . Better
dialog: late than never. .
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: I guess we didn't travel much.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: No, I can't say we did,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Now's Becky?
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: She's in school, Doing quite well,
dialog: Sharon offers no wore informacion; Paul doesn't request ie, This its
dialog: the life he left behind, It's too late now to regret the decision
dialog: or dwell on it,
dialog: 66
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: I'm glad.
text: VanQwen starts to say something, but stops.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: Is there anything you want to say, Paul?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: No, I guess not,
text: Staples returns with a bag of burgers. VanOwen looks back at
text: the car were Kilne, Nicholas and Carey are finishing their
dialog: lunches.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: I guess I got to go.
speaker_heading: SHARON
dialog: I was nice seeing you again.
dialog: (smiles)
text: Paul smiles and their shake hands awkwardly. VanOwen turns
text: and walks to the car.
text: When he reaches the car, he turns to have a last look, He sees
text: Sharon and Jim taking their seats under the "Over 3 Billion Sold"
dialog: sign. :
dialog: . CUT TO:
scene_heading: int. LABORATORY . LATE NIGHT
text: VanOwen is working alone in the lab late at night. He seems
text: despondant, his mind unoccupied on his work.
text: He finally closes the files he is working on, takes off his
text: white coat and walks out of the lab. Ie switches the light
text: off lmelserdsem and closes the door,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: Int. CORRIDORS LATE NIGuY
dialog: an
text: VanOwen walks past the Ellsworth Kelleygdown the corridor,
text: ard the cliustiews, His mind is full of thoughts.
text: Ne places the key into the elevator and switches it. When the
text: doors open, he steps in,
dialog: 67
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CONTIRUED
text: He steps out of the elevator onto another floor. The stark
text: white corridor is much like the one he just left; in this case
text: however, the walls are hung with andy Warhol silkscreen prints’
text: and the floor is covered by a rich red carpet,
text: This is the "dormitory" floor. The doors bear nameplates and
dialog: are liberally spaced. They also bear, meer like im a college
text: dormitory, personalized grafitti and clippings. (For example,
dialog: under Haru Miko's name someone has written, "From the folks
dialog: that brought you Pearl Harbor.")
text: Paul walks slowly down the corridor. He passes Judy Nicholas!
text: suite and notices her door is open and her light on. She is lying
text: on the sofa reading. She is wearing a nightgown and covered by a
dialog: nineteenth century quilt.
text: Ne pauses a moment then pokes his head in the room:
speaker_heading: judy? VANOWEN
dialog: judy? .
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: . (looking up)
dialog: Paul. Come on in, Sit down.
dialog: ie steps in,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, JUDY NICHOLAS' SUITE LATE NIGHT
text: VanOwen walks in and sits in an easy chair across from the
text: sofa. Her darkened room is decorated with tasteful antiques.
text: It is almost as if stepping into an carlier time, a direct
text: contrast to the anonymity of Project Grief.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: I was hoping someone would come by and talk
dialog: to me,
text: VanOwen pours himself a drink from the erystal decanter of
text: scotch on the coffee table, We gestures to Judy but she
dialog: indicates she already has had cnough.
text: Judy realizes Paul wants to talk so she picks up the
dialog: conversation:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: “68 CONTIRUED
dialog: 
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: : JUDY
dialog: Was Sharon your wife?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Yeah,
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Do you want to talk about it?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Yeah,
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Had you seen her recently?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: No, it'd been about 24-3 years. She's gotten
dialog: married again.
speaker_heading: JUDY ..
dialog: Arn't you glad for her?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Oh, certainly. But it's just that it
dialog: ahh..,makes everything so...final.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: But you knew that all along.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Yes, but it had never hit me quite so..,bluntly
dialog: before. She asked me why I did it and I didn't
dialog: know what to say.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: For some strange reason I remembered something
dialog: my mother used to tell me as a child, She was
dialog: a very religious woman and she had pat explanations
dialog: for everything. She had her own definitions of
dialog: heaven and hell. For examples she said chat hell
dialog: was just like that moment, you know, that moment
dialog: your finger is pricked by a pin, the instant of pain
text: when the pin first broaks the skin, she said hel
text: was that fleeting moment of intense pain stretched
dialog: out into infinity. Well, she also had a definition
dialog: of heaven, Heaven, she said, was not harps and
dialog: golden streets, but was che place of all knowledge,
dialog: where all ouc questions would be answered and where
dialog: we would know everything. Whenever T asked her a
dialog: question she couldn't answer, like, "low does a
speaker_heading: (CONT)
dialog: 69
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: " (con't)
dialog: radio work?, she would always say, "Well,
dialog: that's something you'll know when you get
dialog: to heaven."
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Now, that really appealed to me. I could
dialog: never get up much interest in harps, streets
text: of gold and singing the praises of the Lord
dialog: all the time, but this idea of knowing all the
dialog: answers fascinated me. And I didn't realize
dialog: how much it fascinated me until several years
dialog: ago.
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Well, I guess that was pretty much what I
dialog: wanted to say. Gucci pe spine ar
text: VanOwen moves as if to stand up but doesn't quite make it out
dialog: of his chair.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: Do you want to stay?
text: VanOwen lesks at her sympathetically.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: I always wondered why we never got together
dialog: before, This is a pretty strange group, as
dialog: you know. The first commume supported by the
dialog: United States government. I always thought
dialog: you were a pretty good-looking sort.
dialog: : (pause)
dialog: Well, I'm going to turn off the light. I don't
dialog: think it's proper for a lady to ask twice.
text: VanOwen stands and turns off the light.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, JUDY NICHOLAS' BEDROOM NIGHT
text: Paul and Judy lie in her high-backed ornately carved nineteenth
text: century bed. Judy sleeps soundly, tugging on her red-and-white
dialog: Early American quilt.
text: Paul is wide awake; he stares ahead.
text: As we track toward his Cace we hear the soft strains of the
text: ORGAN SOUND, The memory is returning.
dialog: 209
dialog: we
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: CONT [RUED
text: The organ sound mixes with the SAUCER SOUND and they dissolve
text: into the OUTFR SPACE SOUND.
text: The scene dissolves into the misty, orangish, distant view of THE SIT!
text: As the camera continues to move forward, “the’ site dissolves
text: into OUTER SPACE.
text: We travel through outer space, moving swiftly and in a single
text: direction. Ahead of us the constellation Orion draws nearer;
text: in the belt we see the TIFID NEBULA,
text: We approach the Tifid Nebula, a pink-and-red mass of expanding
text: steller clouds which resembles a Georgia O'Keefé "Iris" painting.
text: The sounds merge into the CELESTIAL SOUND.
text: The Tifid vagina opens wide and we plunge in.
text: Inside, all is DARK and we hear the PHONETIC LOOP SOUND: ka-fa-
dialog: roo-pho-Llie-ka-fa-roo... .
text: Faces appear. At first they appear to be those of strange
text: space creatures, but then we realize they are only distorted
dialog: human faces,
text: or, more acurately, half faces. ‘The half face of Sharon
text: merges with the half face of Becky merges with the half face
text: of his mother. A hand is raised up before the faces as if
dialog: to indicate, "Go No Further," .
text: The SAUCER SOUND reemerges and becomes acute and piercing.
text: The camera goes into the outstretched pale palm and the images
text: FADES ‘TO WHITE,
speaker_heading: . CUT T 70: ree
speaker_heading: P5io e
scene_heading: INT, LABORATORY DAY (1975)
text: A yellow dot appears on the white field then diffuses across
dialog: the sereen,
text: A black Line blinks horizontally across the sereen, the images
text: comes into focus and the camera-pulls back from an extreme
text: close-up on Vandwen's eye.
text: Paul, wearing, a white shirt, Lies on the Lab table. His head is
text: on a pillow, .
text: Lou Helwan leans over him with an cyedropper containing a yellow
dialog: fluid.
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Paul blinks his eye a few times and sits up on the edge of
dialog: the table,
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: Close your eye now, Paul.
text: VanOwen closes his eye tighthsg and lickman tapes a piece of
text: gauze over it.
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: Okay, Chief.
text: VanOwen stands and touches the gauze gentley.
speaker_heading: HEKNAN
dialog: Just leave the patch on a couple days and
dialog: the solution should integrate into the cornea,
dialog: If it works, we won't have to do the other
dialog: eye. Unbutton your shirt,
text: VanQven unbuttons his shirt, revealing his bare chest. We see
text: a half dozen dark snots where the sensors have been implated.
text: ALL ths sutures sve healing nicely.
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: And the leg?
text: VanOwen pulls up his pin-striped pants leg revealing several
text: long thin wires running up his calf just under the skin.
speaker_heading: : : HEKMAN
dialog: Hey, that's coming along real well. You're
text: in great shape.
dialog: (taps his head)
dialog: Knock on wood,
text: VanOwen smiles and lowers his pants leg.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (buttoning his shirt)
dialog: Is anybody up at the site?
speaker_heading: NEKMAN
dialog: No. I didn't think you wanted anyone there,
dialog: especially with all these sightings. We can
dialog: ving, the “equipment in later,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: deplete But is anybody from the air Force
dialog: there?
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: ( -0 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: Well, Wright-Patterson has sent a couple
dialog: Men up to Sw4mey Idaho. Just to calm the
dialog: «ahh, public concern.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN ‘
dialog: Who's there?
speaker_heading: HEKMAN :
dialog: Higby. The usual guy. Bill Higby.
dialog: "eur To:
scene_heading: 71 EXT. EVANS, IDAHO DAY
text: Lt. Bill Higby stands with a policeman on the crowded sidewalk
dialog: of a small Idaho ‘town. |
text: The street is congested with out-of-state cars and gawking
text: sightseers. It is, in brief, an updated version of Clarenceville,
dialog: Indiana, fy September 1960.
text: The same elderly man is selling bocks and pamphlets from the
text: trunk of his "UFOMOBILE." The car is a little newer, though
dialog: still battered, but the literature is the same: "I Made Love
dialog: to a Space Creature."
text: Further down the block, a professionally-printed sign reads:
dialog: Prof. Robt. Allen Smith
dialog: will lecture on the subject
dialog: "Flying Saucers Are Real"
text: The gaudy sign bears a picture of Prof. Smith and a UFO. ame
text: Underneath is written, "Evans High Auditorium, June 6, 8:00
dialog: pm, $3.00," Prof, Smith has come up in the world.
text: Nighy is calking confidentially with the policeman when LEO
text: ROSS, a modishly dressed young man, walks up to him,
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Lt, Bill Higby?
speaker_heading: RIGBY
dialog: ~, Yes?
speaker_heading: a ROSS
dialog: I'm Leo Ross. I'm a reporter from the
dialog: Chicage Tribune,
dialog: 73
dialog: 
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: & 2 conrINuED
speaker_heading: HIGBY
dialog: Oh, hello. I don't think we've met
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: No, we haven't .é#tuuranmes I was just
text: transfered from the business page.
speaker_heading: HIGBY
dialog: Is Claude Ames still on the staff there?
speaker_heading: ROSS ,
dialog: He's the News Editor now.
speaker_heading: HIGBY
dialog: A great guy. I really like Claude a lot.
dialog: Had some dealings with him years ago.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: About these UFO reports...
speaker_heading: HIGBY
dialog: The Air Force has already distributed its
dialog: Statement on that.
speaker_heading: ROSS -
dialog: I've got it. I thought you might amplify
dialog: some things for me. .
text: Hibgy places his arm around Ross‘ shoulders in a confidential
text: manner and takes him aside, It is a show of phony sincerity
text: worthy of Higby's mentor, Lt, Paul VanOwen.
speaker_heading: * HIGBY
dialog: Just ask whatever you want. I'11 give you
dialog: the asnwers as straight as I can.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, CHICAGO TRIBUNE DAY
text: alks past a long bank of teletype machines at the
text: imine offices, He is wearing a floral patterned
text: fe and red velvet suic.
dialog: 
dialog: open
text: INSTDE AMESE OFFICE, the deskplate reads: "Claude Ames,"
text: Various banner editions of the trib hang on the walls, Anes,
text: his feet proped on his desk, is Talking into his intercom,
dialog: N.
speaker_heading: { 73 CONTINUED
dialog: 72.
text: Claude Ames now shows cach of his 40-odd years; the reporter's
dialog: life is not conducive to physical fitness. His taste in
text: clothes has also changed, but not improved: he wears a Robert
text: Hall knit blazer, yellow shirt and straight tie (or some other
dialog: mixture of in-out of fashion.
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: (to intercomn)
dialog: I don't care if he is the President.
dialog: Damn the consequences, What are we,
dialog: men or mice? He still can't park in
dialog: my spot. If he wants to park in my
dialog: spot, then they should find me another
dialog: spot,
text: Ames smiles to himself: a good bit of game-bravado.
scene_heading: BLACK SECRETARY 0.S.
dialog: That's telling 'em, boss.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Leo is here to see you.
speaker_heading: AMES |
dialog: Send him in,
scene_heading: BLACK SECRETARY 0.S,
dialog: Yessum, .
text: Leo Ross walks into Ames' office.’ Ames swings his feet off
text: his desk and sits upright.
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: (motioning toward secretary)
dialog: Can't get no respect, How's it going, Leo?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Just got back from Idaho.
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: ROSS
text: Wild goase chase. A lot of people secing
dialog: stuff in the sky. Plasmas, whatever.
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Who'd you talk to?
speaker_heading: ROSS
text: A couple witness, police, Air Force Lieutenant
dialog: Bill lighby. Ile gave me: the whole story,
dialog: ( ~
speaker_heading: “f3 CONTINUED
dialog: om 3
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: What did you think of it?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: A bunch of bullshit. -
speaker_heading: High ANES
dialog: That's *, alright. Still nothing there?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Not much,
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Write it up that way. Page 9. He anda
dialog: guy named VanOwen really hung me up when I
dialog: was about your age. Had me chasing UFOs
dialog: through the night. Phoned in my first
dialog: "scoop"--air balloons. Almost lost my job.
dialog: Back then we trusted the military.
speaker_heading: . : ROSS
dialog: Bet you bought a fallows shelter tco.
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: That's not far from the truth, I'1l tell you
dialog: what is interesting, though. This VanOwen guy.
dialog: Ex-Lieutenant James Paul VanOwen. Goes into
text: some super-secret military operation about
dialog: 15 years ago, nobody hears from or sees him
dialog: since, I triclto do 2 story on him about ten
dialog: years back, got nowhere plus, Interviewed a
dialog: a scientist name of Judy Nicholas who quit the
text: Air Force and dropped VanOwen's name somewhere.
dialog: It was like talking to the Buddha--couldn't get
text: a thing out of her.
dialog: (a beat) .
dialog: So here's the kicker. VanQwen shows up in his
text: hometown of Dayton last week. Sees his banker,
text: then his ex-wife. Closes his accounts, Somebody
dialog: in Dayton tipped me. So what's up? Something
dialog: happening? Smells funny to me,
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: You want me to follow it up?
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Check it a little, Maybe I'll-help you. There
dialog: could be something there. It's about time to
dialog: get back into that case. .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 74,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: And if there is? Who gets the ercdit?
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: (mock shock) ' bt
dialog: Leo! You don't trust old Claude? We share Creat.
dialog: share credit t I get first position.
dialog: oo ee eee amen 6 beat)
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: (smiles) Bat aqet.-
dialog: Okay. .
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. INDIANAPOLIS NIGHT
text: Vanowen's black Limousine is parked along a street of
dialog: middle-class homes. - :
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: inl. DARKENED HOUSE NIGHT
text: The door opens and the half-lit face of a pretty girl speaks
dialog: from the shadows:
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: I was expecting you. Mother called me a
dialog: week ago. She said you might be coming.
text: Paul VanOwen, wearing his conservative three-piece suit, steps
text: out of the shaodws and approaches his daughter.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Hello, Becky.
text: She tentutively embraces him; he returns the embrace, She
text: walks into the living room and turns on a soft light. They
text: pause a moment, strainging ta recognize each other across the
dialog: darkness of fifteen years.
text: Becky, now 23, is an attractive though wan young woman.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Are you home alone?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: The baby's here. She's sleeping. You want
dialog: to see her?
text: VanOwen follows as Beeky walks Into the bedroom,
dialog: SR tee ie ee ene tee tenet tie eee ate eee
dialog: 76
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Where's Eric?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Don't ask.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: I won't,
text: Becky turns on a lamp in the bedroom and walks over to the
text: crib, Paul looks at his sleeping grand-daughter.
speaker_heading: . BECKY
text: She looks just like any other six-month old
dialog: child, But at least she's mine,
text: Becky looks up searchingly at her father. Paul puts his arm
text: around her and she rests her head against his shoulder.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Do you have a neighbor who can watch over
dialog: the baby?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: . (hesitant)
dialog: Yes. :
speaker_heading: VANOWEN.
dialog: Then call her, We're going to go out,
dialog: You and I. You look like a young lady
dialog: that could use some checring up.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BOWLING ALLEY NIGHT
text: Paul and feeky are sitting in the gallery of a small bowling
text: alley with their legs hung over the row in front of them.
text: VanOwen has unbuttonced his coat and vest, taken off his tie
text: and loosened his collar.
text: They are holding, bottles of beer and laughing. Beckly, slightly
text: drunk, look at the empty lane ahead of them:
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Ney, it's your shot,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: It is?
speaker_heading: NL
dialog: 76,
speaker_heading: (“76 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Yeah. I shot last.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: When was that?
speaker_heading: . BECKY
dialog: Just a little while ago.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: Okay. If you say so.
text: VanO.1c1) gets up a wobbles ober to the rack and picks up a
text: bowling ball. His first shot manages to hit six or seven pins.
text: He turns back to Becky with a satisfied expression across his
text: face. She properly acknowledges his accomplishment.
text: VanOwen winds up wel a second ball but his shot not only misses
text: all_the pins, it jumps the lane and rolls down the,gutter.om °
dialog: Chea utitetares . . roth ing
dialog: Becau:¢ tne belli hus jumped lanes, the automatic pinsetter wiil
text: not clear the frame. VanOwen, rigghtfully angered by this
text: malfunction, balances himself on the return rack and carefully
text: steps his way down the lane. All down the alley, bowlers turn
dialog: their heads to watch hin. :
dialog: 
text: VanOwen steps off the rack and kicks over the remaining pins
text: with one broad swing of his leg. Beaming with pride, VanOwen
text: struts back up the lane toward his applauding daughter.
text: He plo»s in his seat next to Becky;
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: .Now it's your turn,
text: Becky's mood has turned from night to day. She has rediscovered
dialog: her father. .
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Give me a break,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: O--Kay, It's the double standard, you know.
dialog: But 1'11 wait.
dialog: (swigs from his: beer)
dialog: i
speaker_heading: “76 CONTIRUED
dialog: on
dialog: 77,
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Paul, I can't believe you. You flabbergast
dialog: me, You've completely taken away the little
dialog: specch I was all prepared to give you.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: ‘(sipping beer)
dialog: Which speech was that?
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: (becomming serious)
dialog: Well, I was going to start out by asking you
dialog: where you were when I won the city forensics
dialog: contest, when I had my first date, when I
dialog: graduated from high school? Then I was going
dialog: to ask where you were when I needed a father
dialog: to give me away in marriage? Where were you
dialog: when my stepfather had to pay $5,000 to send
dialog: me to a shrink three days a week all through
dialog: college--all of which failed anyway because
dialog: I only ended up dropping out and getting married
dialog: much teo young? That's what T was going te
dialog: ask you.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (saddened)
dialog: That's a lot of questions, Becky.
speaker_heading: . BECKY
dialog: But one answer,
speaker_heading: » VANOWEN
dialog: I make no apologies for my life.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Can you give me a reason then?
speaker_heading: VANCWEN
dialog: Not even that, There is a reason, but it
dialog: only makes sense to me.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: But I need reasons, Especially now,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (embracing her)
dialog: Becky, T'm so happy to find you again, So
dialog: happy so find you such a strong healthy young
dialog: woman,
dialog: (kisses her forchead)
dialog: Ce
speaker_heading: CG
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: But when will I see you again? Where can I
dialog: get in touch with you?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (evasive)
dialog: Well, that's a little difficult to say
dialog: at the moment. :
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: Mother said reporters visited her after you
dialog: left. They wanted to know about you. It
dialog: has something to do with that, doesn't it?
text: VanOwen is upset by the news about the reporters, but quickly
text: hides this from his daughter.
text: . VANOWEN .
dialog: Not exactly. A little maybe, It's nothing.
speaker_heading: BECKY
dialog: But when will I see you again.
text: VanOwen decides to stcp being evasive and looks straight at
text: shter, His eyes are filled with love and concern, but
dialog: sage is unequivocal:
dialog: 
dialog: his me
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: You won't. This is the last time you will
dialog: ever see me,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. INDIANAPOLIS NIGHT
text: Becky closes the door and VanOwen walks slowly down the front
text: steps and across the Lawn toward his limousine. His vest,
text: coat and collar are still open. °
text: Opening, the door to his car, VanOwen notices a renovated old
text: Checker parked up the street, Me stares at the man at the
text: wheel a moment, but is unable to fix his face. Claude Ames
text: returns his stare; Leo Ross sits beside him.
text: VanOwen gets into his car and drives off,
text: Sitting behind the wheel, VanOwen is deep in thought, Sereen
scene_heading: FADES to DARK BLUE, 7
dialog: Pa Ace:
dialog: cur ‘to: oe Te
dialog: Soo
dialog: 79
dialog: 79,
scene_heading: EXT. BARKSDALE ATB NIGHT (1967)
text: Small star-like dots appear on the blue field. The screen
text: comes into focus and we realize they are stars. We are
text: watching the southern skies.
text: Camera pans down to Barksdale SAC Air Force Base in northern
dialog: Louisiana,
text: INSIDE the 142ND SQUADRON HEADQUARTERS, a red emergency light is
text: flashing. A 1967 Air Force calender hangs on the wall,
text: Three young pilots, ED TUPELO, MAURICE JOHNS and TIM ROCCO,
text: hastily fasten their Air Force jackets and trot out toward’ the
text: hanger. A uniformed Sipiens runs beside them.
speaker_heading: OERIC EN ae en
speaker_heading: bOt—
dialog: Let's go. Kick it in.
text: Three F-105 "Thunderbirds" are being prepared for flight as
text: the pilots job toward then.
text: The pilets climb into their interceptor jets and the hatches
text: are closed behind them.
text: The jets zoom down the runway into the night skies one by
dialog: one.
text: After the last jet leaves: a MEMBER OF THE GROUND CREW hustles
text: over to the nonweprbet officer. .
speaker_heading: GROUND CREWMAN
dialog: What's happening.’ What's the scramble for?
speaker_heading: OERICER
dialog: (watching jets)
text: Unidentified radar readings.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT, LOUISLANA SKIES NIGHT
text: ‘The F-105s assume a standard flighe formation at about 30,000
dialog: Feat,
text: Ed Tupelo sits in the COCKPIT of his F-105, The pale red Lights
text: of the instrument pane) are reflected against his Lace, To his
text: right and lefe we cian see the lights of Rocco and Johns' jats.
speaker_heading: GU
scene_heading: ~- tL ~~ iy
dialog: 80,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: TUPELO
dialog: 6-10, Noney-Babe to Ground Control. 30,000
text: feet on on course. Mach 1. 18 degrees
dialog: north-northwest, We don't see anything yet.
text: Tupelo's P.0.V¥.: the black skies yield only the familiar twinkling
text: lights of distant stars.
scene_heading: GROUND CONTROL 0.S.
text: Ascend to 40,000 feet and continue on course.
speaker_heading: TUPELO
dialog: Roger. .
text: Tupelo pulls back on the throttle and the three jets rise in
dialog: formation,
text: Leveling off, Tupelo again searches the skies for anything
text: usual, He checks his radarscreen. A green dot beeps at about
dialog: 40 degrees. .
speaker_heading: : TUPELO
dialog: Honey-Babe te Cround Central, We're getting
text: something now on the PPI. 42 degrees tracking
dialog: north-northwest at 42 degrees. Yessir. We
dialog: should be gaining on her now. Am accelerating
dialog: to 900. ‘
text: The green dot draws closer to the center of the radarscreen.
text: * Then, suddenly, a DIM LIGHT begins to materialize ahead of
dialog: the jets.
text: It grows in proximity and sizé until Tupelo recognizes the
text: shape of a huge circular flying ship.
speaker_heading: TUPELO . :
dialog: Holy shit, there it is, Honey-Babe to Ground ; ¢ lk
text: Control. It's right ahead of us and big as w fectbatt Field.
text: rGee Am activating camera systems, It looks
text: metallic and a least 100 yards across.
dialog: (to fellow pilots)
dialog: Maury? Tim? You see it?
speaker_heading: JOUNS
dialog: Sure as hell do, What is it?
speaker_heading: ' ROCCO
dialog: Me too, PEScoming, on strong, Seems to have
text: som: red Light: pattems across the center, Or
dialog: something, 1 never seen anything, Like it,
dialog: 
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: _
speaker_heading: “79 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: TUPELO
dialog: Aright, boys, let's move in and have a
dialog: look-see. Accelerate to 1,000 and proceed
dialog: toward object,
text: The jets close in on the UFO.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: I'm losing my PPI reading.
speaker_heading: TUPELO
dialog: Object now moving at great speed. Am losing co" e
dialog: visual and radar Renesere (eS Benes [ :)
text: The UFO vanishes into the night. (a ear,
dialog: st s gent
dialog: v
speaker_heading: : TUPELO
dialog: Honey-Babe to Ground Control. Do you still
dialog: have a reading? Await instructions.
dialog: !
scene_heading: bay GROUND CONTROL 0.S.
dialog: . >) Pursue at all cogts,
speaker_heading: KD
speaker_heading: TUPELO
dialog: wee Fie ee
text: Roger, Accelerating to 1,200. Approaching
text: full trottle. Object completely gone now,
scene_heading: GROUND CONTROL 0.S.
dialog: We're losing too, Honey-Babe, It's climbing
text: fast at 65 degrees.
speaker_heading: TUPELO
dialog: 65 degree...?
speaker_heading: JOHNS
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: Oh, My God! Ed! Here it is!
text: : Tupelo swivels around and see the UFO moving toward them at
dialog: i Ereat speed.
speaker_heading: ‘TUPELO
dialog: It's coming right at us! Take evasive action!
text: Even before he finishes the sentence, Tupelo sharply banks his
text: =, jet to the left, Johns and Rocco follow suit.
text: The UFO zooms right across the position the diving jets held
dialog: the moment before.
dialog: mee
dialog: (
dialog: 82,
dialog: rm
dialog: {
speaker_heading: (79 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: 3 ' ROCCO 0,S.
dialog: e-sus!
speaker_heading: : JOINS
dialog: Ed? Tim? You alright?
text: Tupelo pulls his F-105 out of the dive.
scene_heading: GROUND CONTROL 0.S.
text: It's circling--180-225-290-315 degrees--and
dialog: slowing down. 800 knots, Pursue at all costs.
speaker_heading: TUPELO
dialog: I'm okay. One more time, boys. Let's
dialog: try her again.
speaker_heading: . ROCCO
dialog: ) : What?
speaker_heading: TUPELO
dialog: Let's go!
text: = ~, Ahead, the UFO seems to wait for the jets to reform and
text: “SN accelerate, They pursuc.
speaker_heading: TUPELO
dialog: Honey-Babe to Ground Control. We're coming
text: on it again. 1,000 knots. 42,000 feet and.
text: rising. 3 degrees north, .
scene_heading: GROUND CONTROL 0.S.
text: Commence firing.
speaker_heading: "TUPELO
dialog: What the hell? Whose orders are those?
text: The UFO grows closer.
scene_heading: GROUND CONTROL 0O.S.
dialog: (new voice)
dialog: Licutenant Tupelo, this is Commander Akins,
text: These orders come from the top. SAC conmiand
dialog: takes full responsibility. Commerce firing
dialog: immediately:
speaker_heading: TUP 11.0
dialog: ee (checking altimeter)
text: — 42,000 feet.
scene_heading: . : GROUND CONTROL 0O.S.
dialog: ri \ (old voice)
dialog: Fire onc!
dialog: ~79
dialog: 
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED -
speaker_heading: TUPELO
dialog: 44,000 feet, Alright boys, let ‘em go.
text: The F-105s release a barrage of rockets at the object, The
text: UFO veers upward, just evading the missiles.
speaker_heading: TUPELO
dialog: 46,000 fcet and climbing, Fire two.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: Jesus-fucking-Christ !
speaker_heading: TUPELO
dialog: 47,000 feet, Fire!
text: The UFO climbs again, evading the second rocket barrage.
speaker_heading: . TUPELO
text: 48,000 feet and climbing. 1,200 knots.
dialog: ue opening it up full trottle. 49,000
dialog: eet. :
speaker_heading: ROCCO
text: I'm dropping out. My engine can't take it.
dialog: I'm losing pressure.
speaker_heading: TUPELO
dialog: You with me, Maury?
speaker_heading: JOHNS
dialog: Roger.
speaker_heading: _* ‘TUPELO
dialog: 50,000 fect, Fire three,
text: As Rocco's jet decends, the two remaining F-105s fire their
text: third round of rockets, The saucer again evades the missiles.
text: The UFO climbs, circles and hovers above the jets, as if to
dialog: taunt them to go higher.
speaker_heading: TUPELO
text: $2,000 fect, Wave reached ceiling. Severe
text: engine strain. Losing pressure.
scene_heading: GROUND CONTROI. 0.S.
dialog: Discontinue pursuit, Discontinue pursuit
dialog: immediately,
speaker_heading: JONUNS
dialog: I'm still alright, Ed. I'm going up after it,
dialog: co . , 84,
speaker_heading: CN
speaker_heading: “79 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: TUPELO
dialog: Maury!
scene_heading: GROUND CONTROL 0.S.
dialog: . Ground Control to Honey-Bear, Discontinue
dialog: ' pursuit immediately,
speaker_heading: TUPELO
dialog: Roger. Let's go back, Maury.
text: Tupelo's jet starts to descend but Johns' F-105 continues to
dialog: climb.
speaker_heading: JOUNS
text: 54,000 feet. It's coming up on my right.
scene_heading: ,- GROUND CONTROL 0O.S.
dialog: Lieutenant Johns! Discontinue pursuit! Return
dialog: \ to base immediately!
dialog: ~ sons :
dialog: os 4 57,000 feet, Here she is, I'm gonna fire.
dialog: ° Swe
text: Above us there is a flash in the night skies.
scene_heading: GROUND CONTROL 0.S.
dialog: Lieutenant Johns! Maury!
speaker_heading: JOUNS €.S.
dialog: 60,000 feet. Firing. Oh. What? My God!
dialog: Oh, Ed... . ‘God! Look at it! Oh, Ed...
text: John's jet bursts into flames and plunges downward, High above
text: him the UFO vanishes from sight.
text: There is only static on the air waves. Tupelo watches Johns'
text: plane crash toward the earth.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: : 80 INT. BARKSDALE AFB DAY
text: COMMANDER AKINS, Paul VanOwen (age 47) and Lou Iekman stand
text: in a stark Air Force at Barksdale,
text: oS THROUGH A TWO-WAY MIRROR, we see Ed Tupelo sipping, coffee and
text: o J talking. He is being questioned by Bill Higby and an assistant,
text: Tupelo pestures expansively as ho talks, Wis motions indicate
text: the path and fCliphe pattern of the UFO,
dialog: co
dialog: (
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: 80 CONTINUED
dialog: 
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: AKINS 0.S.
dialog: I just want to make it clear I acted only
text: after specific orders from command.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN 0.S.
dialog: Don't worry, Commander. You won't be held
dialog: responsible,
speaker_heading: AKINS 0.S.
dialog: Who is responsible? There's going to be a
dialog: lot of questions asked.
scene_heading: VANOWEN 0.58. .
dialog: No one is responsible. Maurice Johns died
text: chasing a wheather balloon he thought was a UFO.
speaker_heading: AKINS 0.58.
dialog: (refering to Tupelo)
dialog: There's the problem. Ed Tupelo says he's going
dialog: fe tell the press everything. He wants to be a
dialog: ero, :
speaker_heading: : VANOWEN O.S.
dialog: And the other pilot?
speaker_heading: AKINS 0.S.
text: He accepts the cover story. He's a good career
dialog: man,
scene_heading: : VANOWEN 0. 5S.
dialog: And the film and tapes?
speaker_heading: AKINS 0,S.
text: There was a malfunction in the recording system.
dialog: You have the only copies.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Well, let me talk to him then,
text: Camera closes on VanOwen's disturbed face.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: BAARKSDALE ARB DAY
text: VanOwen paces in front of Tupelo, who uncomfortably watches his
text: every move, Paul is on his bese debunking behavoir;:
speaker_heading: CY CONTINUED
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: This would not be.the first time a pilot | Cau
dialog: “absolutcly swore'4a flying saucer which | \e Cam
text: later turned out to bea weather balloon.
speaker_heading: TUPELO
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: If you will excuse me, sir, but I have heard
dialog: all those explanations before. I know what I
dialog: sav, And I'm going to tell my story.
text: VanOwen thinks a moment, then changes his stategy. He through
text: trying to convince or appease Tupclo, His face flashing with
dialog: anger, he turns on Tupelo? kieseenmarimaies
dialog: d
speaker_heading: C
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Alright, Mr. Know-it-all, Mr. Sky King. Listen,
dialog: loser, I don't care what you think you saw in
dialog: the skies. This isn't your sixth grade science
dialog: glass you're talking to now, this is the Stategic
dialog: Air Country which has respensibility for protecting
dialog: this whole goddamn country, and we are not going
text: ‘to issue a reported saying an F-105 SAC pilot get
text: zapped chasing wome gcutball asvess the sky.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: And neither are you, small-timer, This is a Top
dialog: Secret matter, and it's going to stay that way.
dialog: This is more important than one man's life.
speaker_heading: TUPELO
dialog: (determined)
dialog: I'll expose it all if necessary,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: You just kissed your wings goodbye, Lieutenant,
dialog: did you know that? I£ you don't step in line,
dialog: soldier, you're never going to step near a plane
dialog: again. Your ass is going to be court-marshalled,
dialog: You'll never work again in your life. ‘The Air
dialog: Foree will black-ball you to your grave.
speaker_heading: TUPI.O
dialog: (weakening)
dialog: I can only say what I saw,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (taking him by: the collar)
dialog: You just try it,
dialog: cur TO;
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: INT, _BARKSDALE AFB . DAY
text: VanOwen, Hekman and Commander Akins stand in a CORRIDOR.
dialog: VanOwen is speaking to Akins:
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: You'd better put Lieutenant Tupelo under
dialog: observation in the psychiatric ward for
text: several weeks. e's under severe strain.
dialog: I'm sure he'll be alright, though.
text: Akins walks off and VanOwen relaxes his calloused exterior.
text: He is sick with himself and what he has done. He walks with -
text: Hekman part way down the corridor,
text: Hekman's expression requests an explanation from VanOwen.
text: Paul finally turns to him and says sadly:
speaker_heading: VANOWEN thik
dialog: Let this be a lesson to you, Lou. You throrght
dialog: T'nyéy an honest decent man, Well, this shows
dialog: yee how quickly the best-of-menm can revert to
dialog: eing the things they-hate;most. vied
dialog: a beat) QW
dialog: I think I gotta puke: hue
dialog: 
text: VanOwen walks down the corridor alone.
dialog: cut To:
scene_heading: INT. PROJECT GRIEF MOVIE THEATER DAY
text: We watch the flickering black-and-white MOVIE IMAGE of Maurice |
text: Johns exploding plane. It crashes to the earth as we hear his
dialog: last words:
speaker_heading: JOHNS 0.S.
dialog: 60,000 feet. Firing. Oh. What? My God!
dialog: Oh, Ed... . God!. Look at it! Oh, Ed...
text: The movie projector shuts off and the house lights come up.
text: The various staff members of Project Gricf are sporaticly seated
text: in the plush Grief screening room. The walls are adorned with
text: framed movig posters from such films as War of the Worlds, They
dialog: Came from OUter Space and When Worlds Collide.
text: The stall members file somberly out of the room, leaving Kilne
dialog: and Van0wen,
text: Paul walks over to Kilne:
dialog: o
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: (/3 CONTINUED
dialog: 88,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Augie, this is the last time I'm going to
dialog: cover-up for one of your mistakes. One man
text: is dead, another is in the bannana ward. And
dialog: what have we got to show for it? Nothing.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I think we've been doing this all wrong. First
dialog: we try to find a Rosetta Stone, but that doesn't
text: work. They we decide to try to shoot one down.
dialog: Blast it out of the skies, Get a hold of a
dialog: saucer, or at least a piece of one. Well, that
dialog: didn't work either and now we have a dead pilot
dialog: to account for, :
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: I don't like to see that any more than you
dialog: do, Paul.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Well look, we haven't had any success trying
dialog: to communicate, We beam radio signals, math
dialog: problems, tonal scales} no response. We're
dialog: at the wrong erd of some crazy surcvellieace
dialog: game. We can't make them communicate, and
dialog: they don't volunteer of their own. Maybe they
dialog: don't think we're worthy of it--God knows if
dialog: I'd blame them, Maybe it's just like if we
dialog: discovered some prehistoric animals on a
dialog: Mesozoic planet. Would we walk over to a
dialog: brontosaur and say, “Hi. We're from Earth.
dialog: What's up?" No, we've got to stop dealing with
dialog: them on our terms and start dealing with them
dialog: of their terms, :
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: How can we do that?
text: VanOwen and Kilne step into the corridor. By the door hangs
text: a movie poster from The Craduate with a sign reading, "Thursday,
dialog: 9:00."
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: We'll juse have to Figure out their terms,
dialog: Figure out how they cawmmicate, The dolphins
dialog: don't ask us to speak dolphinese, we shouldn't
dialog: ask them to speak Karthian.
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: Go on.
dialog: o , 89.
dialog: ‘
speaker_heading: “83 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (thinking)
dialog: Well, we'll have to entice them to come
dialog: to us. Stop chasing them. Lure them close
dialog: enough so we can observe and decipher,
speaker_heading: KILNE ~
dialog: What do we have that they want? fe al :
dialog: a-{& .
scene_heading: VANOWEN. - c
dialog: Give me time, I'm thinking.
speaker_heading: , CUT TO:
scene_heading: 84 INT. GRIEF KITCHEN NIGHT
text: VanOwen is catching an evening snack in the large Project Grief
text: kitchen, He takes a bite from a sandwitch and sips the last
text: swallow from a glass of milk,
text: Empty lass in hand, he walks over to the refrigerator to a
dialog: refill,
dialog: 
text: ‘ As be opens the door, the refrigerator motor activates, creating
text: , a RUM. ‘The hum quickly dissolves to the sharp, piercing SAUCER
dialog: SOUND. . . :
text: Paul quickly shuts the door, killing the sound. Frightened he
text: rests momentarily against the door,
dialog: )
dialog: 4c
dialog: 
text: We hear Lou lekman's footsteps as he walks in:
speaker_heading: HEKMAN C
dialog: You alright, Paul? . “
speaker_heading: Hea. tt
dialog: 
speaker_heading: t VANOWEN
dialog: : (straightening up)
dialog: Yeah, just these dim headaches again,
scene_heading: HERES VAR Ow EN «thet ete
dialog: They were gonc for a couple years, but chen} M4
dialog: ‘ they came-back again, Sometimes I hear noises,
dialog: sometimes I sce things, sometimes I think
dialog: people are other people,
dialog: 
dialog: (a-vegt)
dialog: ~. Now old are you Lou? —yen ae,
speaker_heading: o~ 2) NEKMAN
dialog: Thirty-two,
dialog: yer
dialog: wr
scene_heading: c™ CONTINUED. os >)
scene_heading: - VANOWEN Gua
dialog: Why do you stay herc? Wee
dialog: re
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: I like it here, Paul. f4Hell, I was never
dialog: much with people on the outside. I was
dialog: always an unhappy kid, This is a godsend
dialog: for me.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Well, this is the last chance.for me, I've
dialog: got to get to the bottom of this, I've got .
dialog: to know--that's the only way I'll straighten
dialog: out,
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: We're gonna start a new program, Lou. We're
dialog: gonna bring 'em to us. Call it Project Entice,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GRIEF LABORATORY DAY(1968)
text: A large helf-built flying saucer model stands in the main iad.
text: The tables have been pushed back to make room for it,
text: Hekman, Miko and Carey are meticulously constructing the model.
text: They have finsihed the silver-prey lower structure and are
text: working on the rim. A 1968 Air Force calender hangs en-theawaid
text: behind them, . .
text: Several miniature saucer models sit on a work table and the walls
text: are hung with complex blueprints,
text: VanOwen studies the model then walks up to Helman;:.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Lou, you haven't got it quite right. If
dialog: the reflection is tq run dow this section
dialog: of the craft, the angle here will have to
dialog: be banked up a bit more, °
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: How's Kilne's work coming?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
text: Awh, he and Tabulis are still trying to
dialog: perfect that pulsar simulatation pattern,
text: Radiograms to Mars.
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: (picking up earlier conversation)
dialog: Then where will we put the Lights?
dialog: 87
dialog: 
dialog: , N — 91
speaker_heading: ANOwE .
dialog: Same places Suet @ ftle deepen
speaker_heading: CONTIRUED
speaker_heading: MIKO
dialog: How's the dome coming?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: OK. It's the accounting that's a headache,
dialog: The AF plastics division wants to know: why
text: a $28,000 single-construction dome falls
dialog: under the category of general expenses. He
dialog: told me the Air Force runs a very tight ship
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: What did you tell him?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: I told him to stick his tight ship up his
dialog: tight ass.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. ARTIC CIRCLE » DAY
text: Wind whistles across a vast snowy wastelend. A cluster of
text: trucks, ecarth-isovers and trailers are huddled together against
dialog: the artic cold, :
text: A short distance away bundled workmen are constructing a huge
text: semi-circular "building." Its stark skeletonic structure
text: resembles a huge net designed to catch the winter wind.
text: Braced against the wind, Paul VanOwen, wrapped in furs and
text: overcoats, watches the worlumen climb the scaffolding. VanOwen
text: is tied to the main trailer by a long rope.
text: Lou Hekwan, also tethered to the trailer, plods over to Vandwen
text: and taps him on the shoulder. Together they turn and, drawing
text: in their ropes, pulls themselves back to the trailer.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. MAIN TRAILER DAY
text: An architecture model ind "artist's rendering" of the in-prograss
text: structure rest on a table in the trailer:
dialog: 
text: Tt appears to be a three-story structure, approximately twenty
text: yards deep and one hundyved yards in circumference. There are
text: foux colored horizontal panel oranse, blue, red and yellow--
text: running, across its inside si e,. There are poneral markings
text: on these panels, but they do not represent anything,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 92.
dialog: CONTINUED ‘oh a
speaker_heading: AY AST SS
text: August Kilne sits-waiting in the trailer. His coat is open
text: and he is sipping hot coffee,
text: Slapping themselves, VanOwen and lickman climb into the trailer
dialog: and close the door behind than,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN,
dialog: (to Kilne)
dialog: Hello, Augie.
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: (to Vandwen)
dialog: Even the workmen don't stay out more than
text: a half hour at a time, chief.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Don't worry about me,
dialog: : (to Kilne)
dialog: What in God's name brings you up here, Aguie?
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: (standing)
dialog: I hate to have to say this, Pav], but T have
dialog: orders to tell you to cease this program
dialog: immediately. I'm sorry.
dialog: (hands Paul letter)
text: It comes from the Joint Chiefs. Top Secret.
speaker_heading: . VANOWEN
dialog: But they don't even know what this project
dialog: is about. :
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: That's why their upset about sinking two million
dialog: into ite alsendy. The war's draining a lot of
dialog: money and there's no end in sight to this
dialog: boondoggle up here, Now that Nixon's been
dialog: elected the Joint Chiefs are worried. They-ts, [vy
dialog: ean only hide so much money.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Then they can dam well hide some more. Only one
dialog: dollar in twenty ever reaches the battle front anyway,
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: But these are orders,
speaker_heading: . VANOWEN
dialog: Seucl the orders. This project will continue,
dialog: What are they yoing to do? Send a battallon up
dialog: here to stop me? Cut off funds and risk me
dialog: exposing Project Cricl? The hook's in now. They've
dialog: got to dam well continue,
speaker_heading: COCONUT TY
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: on
dialog: ~
dialog: 88
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (to Hekman)
dialog: When is the saucer going to be delivered?
dialog: 4
speaker_heading: [EKMAN
dialog: Three weeks, They're bringing it in by C-5.
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: What's going to be dumb enough to come and,
dialog: look at your billboard, Paul?
text: VanOwen's passion transcends his logic at this point, He has
dialog: taken the right course and reason will not sway him from it.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: They will come because I say they will. The
dialog: extraterrestials will have to come, Their
dialog: curiosity will bring them-here. Sooner or
dialog: later they'll come down a take a look. And
dialog: then we'll see who'll laugh last when I get
dialog: my total readings: pictures, radio waves,
dialog: . spectroscope readings--we'll have the key we've
dialog: been searching for. They're out there, Augie,
dialog: I know that. And sooner or leter they'll come
dialog: here, They have to.
text: Kilne looks at Hekman who only shrugs as if to say,-"Sure, he's
dialog: erazy but what can I do about it?"
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: I'm willing to stake my position on it, Augie.
dialog: And my job, . :
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: You may have to.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: Ext. ARTIC CIRCLE NIGUT
text: Banks of lights shine on the nearly completed structure, Only
dialog: the panels need to be added.
text: A tether line leads into the interior of the structure.
text: INSIDE, Paul VanOwen, breathing steamy air, checks over the
text: reeently installed equipment, There are camera, recorders and
dialog: monitors of all kinds.
text: Ne looks out a camera and sees the inclosed sewi-circle: empty,
dialog: waiting.
dialog: cur 0:
dialog: 
dialog: om:
dialog: . 94,
speaker_heading: ARTIC CIRCLE DAY
text: The winter sun shines across the snowfields. A giant C-5
text: stands on a makeshift runway. In the distance stands the
dialog: nearly completed structure, :
text: A snowtruck drives across the snow pulling the completed saucer
text: model. It is a near replica of the one seen by the Barksdale
dialog: pilots.
text: VanOwen watches and approves, His face beams with pride.
speaker_heading: ‘ CUT To:
scene_heading: 90 INT. MAIN TRAILER — DAY
text: VanOwen and Heluman are looking over an aviation chart,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Does the pilot have his instructions?
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: Yes. He's going to take the saucer model up
dialog: every sideral month starting the 5th. air
dialog: a 4 space has been cleared, Then he'll bring it
text: hoa back into position. He's part of the DEW
dialog: , line, there's no security problems.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: What does he think?
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: Well...
speaker_heading: * VANOWEN
dialog: VanOwen's Folly? Let them think what they
dialog: want. How are the panels coming?
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: They should be here any day now.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Are they...ahh...?
speaker_heading: NEKMAN
dialog: (reassuring)
dialog: They're just as you designed them, Paul.
dialog: -~\ VanOven smiles,
dialog: ~ CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: EXT. ARTIC CIRCLE NIGUT
text: VanOwen and Helman stand by the trailer watching a jet
text: idling on the runvay. Behind the jet sits the saucer model,
text: The jet moves down the runway, pulling the saucer behind it.
text: As the jet picks up sp@ed, it cuts its lights and activates
text: the Lights mounted in the saucer model,
text: VanOwen and Nekman follow the jet's course by eye, then by
text: binoculars, as it zooms into the artic night.
text: Far away in the sky, we see a mysterious UFO moving seemingly
text: underits own power, It's soft red and blue lights blink
text: systematically,. As it flies we hear the ewemetreretbine so fF
scene_heading: SAUCER SOUND.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: * EXT. HISTORY WALL NIGHT
dialog: Paul VanGiren stonds ja frent of the mulsi-
dialog: colored histery wali. The saucer model las beea placed iu
text: the semi-circle in front of him,
text: The camera slowly ZOOMS past VanOwen, past the glowing saucer
text: and approaches the history wall. : .
text: Banks of floodlights shine down upon the wall, illuminating it
text: as bright as a billboard. :
text: As we draw closer, we realize the semi-circular structure is
text: actually a giant exhibit. Each of its four colored horizontal
text: panels displays a different phase of man's development. Only
text: pictosrams and elemental symbols are used to trace the planct's
dialog: istory. :
text: The camera slowly PARS across cach of the panels:
text: The orange panel shows the earth's relationship to the sun, the
dialog: sun to to galaxy's, and the galaxy to the know universe. The
text: blue panel traces the geological history of the earth from
text: prehistory to the present, The red panel delineates the course
text: of terrestial life from anomia to modern man, The yellow panel
text: shows the progress of science from primitive man to the present,
dialog: 
text: As the eamera pans, the saucer sound grows into the OUTER SPACE
text: SOURD and Finally expanls into the CELESTIAL SOUND,
dialog: 
dialog: Te Ls an bupre e sight: the history of man and his planet .
text: ecapsulized on a gigantic billboard in the midst of the artic nist.
dialog: oir van,
dialog: o
dialog: i
dialog: a
dialog: cs
speaker_heading: N
speaker_heading: U
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: “93 INT. “GRIEF LABORATORY NIGHT
text: A long bank of monitors silently wait in the main Project
text: Gricf lab, They are registering every activity within the
text: semi-circular artic history wall,
text: A vidarmonitor shows the saucer model resting in its proper
text: place. All the monitors are dormant.
text: The screen FADES TO WIITE, . 7
dialog: nos ht
speaker_heading: CUT TO: :
speaker_heading: SF
scene_heading: 94 INT. GRIEF LABORATORY DAY (1975)
dialog: 4
dialog: ,
speaker_heading: NO
text: A_ xed dot appears in the center of the white field. A mass
text: of green slow z encroaches from the edges of the screen until
text: it surrounds the white circle containing the red dot.
text: The screen comes into focus and pulls back and we recognize the
text: right side of Paul VanOwen's head.
text: VanOyren, anesthetized, lics on a tchle in the lab, A green sheet
text: has been puiled up tu nis neck; belts hold him rigidly to the
text: table under the sheet.
text: A white circle has been shaved above his right temple. A green
text: surgical cloth covers the unshaved hair.
text: Hekman and Miko, wearing masks and gowns, stand over VanOwen.
text: Using a high-speed surgical drill Miko drills a pin-point hole
text: into VanOwen's craniun, . .
text: After the wound has been cleaned, Hekman inserts a miniature
text: thin electrode into the hole with a surgical clamp. It is an
dialog: exact fit, . .
text: They prepare to drill another hole.
speaker_heading: CcuT To;
scene_heading: 95 INT. PROJECT GRIEF--GROUND LEVEL DAY
dialog: ~~
text: VanOwen steps out of the elevator at ground level. Smiling
text: and confident, he appears in the best of health, We is wearing
text: ras natty three-piece conservative suit.
text: Wis hair has been brushed over the shaved area on his right
text: temple, He couches the spot gingerly to make sure the hair is-
text: In place, neds to the Guard and walks down the corridor toward
dialog: the center of Lhe AP complex,
dialog: cur pn.
dialog: 97,
scene_heading: (96 int. “AF RECEPTION DESK DAY
text: ‘ Paul strides into the reception room and finds Judy Nicholas
text: waiting for him. She is thirteen years older than when he
dialog: (and we) saw ber last, but remains a very good-looking woman,
text: i VanOwen seems genuinely delighted to see her:
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (embracing her)
dialog: Judy. Nice to see you again.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: (a little taken back)
dialog: You too, Paul.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Please forgive the delay, It takes a long
dialog: time for word to pass from “up here’! to
dialog: “down there''--but you know about the security
dialog: system,
speaker_heading: ‘ JUDY
dialog: co me I'd almost repressed it. How is everyone?
speaker_heading: Ne VANOWEN
dialog: Let's go outside. It*s such a nice day.
text: VanOwen escorts Judy out of the building.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 97 EXT, GRIEF AFB LOCATION DAY
text: VanOwen and Judy walk along the sidewalk.toward an outdoor
text: garden and lunch wagon, Uniformed Air Force personel filter
text: past them as they walk, The planetarium is visible in the distance.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Otis, Miko and Lou are still here. ike the
dialog: poor, they'll always be with us, Tabulis left
dialog: a couple years after you did. A couple new
dialog: people hive joined us, but, all in all, it's
dialog: pretty much the same old family. How are you?
speaker_heading: . JUDY
dialog: ™~ Yo be honest, petting out of the “black hole" was the -
dialog: fo: 7 best thing, that ever happened to me, I got marrvied--
dialog: had a couple affairs?--y0c divorced and landed a
dialog: nice cushy job in research at the U of M,
dialog: ‘-
speaker_heading: C ‘y CONTINUED
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: So much for the black hole theory, So what
dialog: brings you back? :
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: (serious)
dialog: I wouldn't have come back normally. Project
dialog: Grief is a closed chapter in my life. But
dialog: something is happening I think you ought to
dialog: know about.
text: They sit in the garden,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Which is?
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: A couple reporters came to my apartment
dialog: asking about you, They wanted to know
dialog: everything. . Lone
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: And you told thei?
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: You know I wouldn't say anything, Paul. But
dialog: they said you were in some sort of danger.
dialog: That you had gone to your bank and closed your
dialog: account...
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Who were they?
speaker_heading: JUDY .
dialog: They were from the Trib. Claude Ames and a
dialog: Leo Ross,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Thanks. I try to handle it.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: You don't understand, They're out to blacken
dialog: your name, They've got you pegged as a big
dialog: wheel in the military-industrial complex, They're
dialog: going to twist and turn everything you've done
dialog: and make it look Like dirt. How can they do this
dialog: to you?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Has something, serious happened, Paul?
dialog: 99,
dialog: CO \ conrime tel)
scene_heading: S2) CONTINUED 44 pore t
scene_heading: : VANOWEN. - 7°"
dialog: Well, I have been going around and seeing
dialog: some people I haven't seen in a long time.
text: Straightening, out some legal matters--and
dialog: some personal matters, In fact, I was thinking
dialog: of paying a visit to you. I'm very glad you
dialog: { came, .
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: That's very kind.
text: Judy runs her hand across Paul's cheek and across his upper
text: chest, Her fingers touch something which stops her hand cold.
text: She feels again, her fingers rubbing across an implanted sensor.
dialog: supy — @r*
dialog: Something is happening, isn't it Paul?
dialog: And it has to do with the Project.
speaker_heading: . VANOWEN
dialog: ‘ I thought that was a closed chapter in
dialog: : . your life? :
dialog: : € a)
text: o —/ Judy notices the shaved area on hie right temle. She
text: brushes aside the hair to reveal several implanted electrodes.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: What are you doing? What's going on? -
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Judy, you know I can't tell you. You're on
dialog: the outside now. .
speaker_heading: * JUDY
dialog: I can keep a secret,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: But I’can'e tell you.
speaker_heading: JUDY
dialog: But I spent four ycars in the Project, It
dialog: was a very big part of my life. I have to
dialog: know if something's happened,
text: Paul stands and gently takes her by the arm:
speaker_heading: oo VANOWEN
dialog: ' ») Come on, let's have lunch and talk about
dialog: other things. Let's enjoy the sunshine.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 
dialog: w.
dialog: 98
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: EXT. | _—__—EVANS_‘IDAIIO DAY
text: The main street of Evans is alive with commotion. Several
text: large National Guard trucks are rolling down the street and
text: soldiers line the sidewalks, Everyone seems to be confused.
text: The UFO curiosity-seckers only add to the confusion. The
text: town in still experiencing its UFO flap. A banner headline
text: of the local paper proclains, "Sightings Continue." A large
text: sign advertises a forthcoming lecture titled, "Do Flying
dialog: Saucers Bring Healing?" by "Rev, D&&" Armand Jones.
text: The trucks come to a halt and the National Guardsmen help
text: people with suitcases onto the trucks. A group of thé sick -
text: and the infirm (come to hear the answer to Rev. Dr. Jones'
dialog: question) requires special assistance,
text: All up and down the street citizens and visitors are packing
text: suitcases and belongings into their cars and driving away.
text: Bill Higby and a POLICEMAN are answering the questions of
dialog: anxious citizens:
speaker_heading: . 1ST CITIZEN
dialog: Is there any danger?
speaker_heading: . HIGBY
dialog: Not at the moment. Everyone must be
text: evacuated by morning. There is no danger
dialog: to Evans now, The Army is afraid the winds
dialog: might shift south, :
scene_heading: ’ 2ND CITIZEN .
dialog: It doesn't have anything to do with the flying
dialog: saucers does it?
speaker_heading: HIGBY
dialog: . Nothing at all, mam, a plain ordinary train
text: ( lay ru. overturned nesr Black Mountain. A car of
text: pressurized fertilizer overturned and the
dialog: Amny would Like the area evacuated.
text: AN ARMY MAJOR walks up to Higby and pulls him aside:
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: Lieutenant?
speaker_heading: HIGBY
dialog: Yas, Major. . . ,
speaker_heading: . MAJOR
dialog: Is everything under control?
speaker_heading: GC
dialog: 98
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HIGBY
dialog: I think so, sir. We should have everyone
dialog: evacuated by nightfall,
speaker_heading: MAJOR
dialog: Good work,
text: The Major turns and walks up the block, Higby, remembering a
dialog: question, calls after him:
speaker_heading: HIGBY
dialog: Major? Major?
text: Higby starts to follow the Major when he sees him stop and
text: speak to someone sitting in a black Cadillac Limousine parked
text: at the curb.
text: The Major exchanges several comments with the man in the
text: limousine and continues on.
text: Walking closer, Higby recognizes the man in the back seat:
dialog: Poul VanOwen,
text: Higby walks up to the limousine and knocks on the window:
speaker_heading: HIGBY
dialog: VanOwen? Paul VanOwen?
text: VanOwen buzzes down the automatic window.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (cold)
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: HIGBY
dialog: What are you doing here?
text: VanOwen is not pleased that Higby has recognized him, but
text: he can't resist getting back at the man who once ursurped his
dialog: job.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: You ask too many questions, Higby. Did I
dialog: ever tell you that?
speaker_heading: HICBY
dialog: But, sir...
dialog: >.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: I'm just following orders. If you had. any
dialog: sense, you'd stop gawking and
dialog: start doing the same. Get to work.
text: VanOwen buzzes up the window and motions for the driver to
text: pull away.
text: VanOwen's limousine drives away and Higby resumojhis task of
text: ordering confused pcople around,
dialog: 100
dialog: 102
dialog: i)
dialog: Cut TO:
scene_heading: INT. LIMOUSINE DAY
text: VanOwen and Hekman sit in the back of the limousine. Paul is
text: going through a sheath of blueprints. .
text: Out the window, a line of evacuated cars streams past the
dialog: Idaho countryside.
speaker_heading: : CUT TO:
scene_heading: EAT. IDAKO DAY
text: VanOwen's limousine slows down and pulls off on a small dirt
dialog: side road, ~ :
text: Coming out of a clump of trees, the limo pulls up beside
text: several covered Air Force trucks parked in a clearing.
text: VanOwen and Hekman get out and walk over to trucks. Otis
text: Carey and August Kilne walk over and gre@&them with glad
text: handshakes. There is a sense of anticipation in the air.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. GRIEF AFB LOCATION AFTERNOON
text: An exterior shot of the planetarium and the Air Force complex,
text: It is seen from the pein e oe sain of: Claude Ames and Leo Ross,
text: who are seated in remodeled Checker across the street,
text: Aves stares intently at the Air Force base. Ross rests his head
text: against the back of the seat.
text: Ames finally tires of his stake-out, and turns the Greeters
text: ignition, The engine turns over but won't start. Leo Ross
dialog: ke
dialog: sits up:
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (™ 102 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: Xe - ROSS
dialog: I knew there was something wrong when you
dialog: said we should take your car.
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: What's wrong with this car?
speaker_heading: : ROSS
dialog: ! Nothing, if you want to haul scrap metal.
speaker_heading: AMES ,
dialog: (struggling with the ignition)
dialog: That and a lot else, Let me tell you this
text: car has carried in its day a deceased human
text: body, eight shivering lost boy scouts, five
dialog: hundred pounds of confiscated explosives, two
dialog: Chinese diplomats and a thousand leaflets
dialog: . promoting the supremacy of the white race.
dialog: . That's what I call an all-purpose vehicle.
dialog: ' (a beat)
dialog: What kind of car do you have?
speaker_heading: to . ROSS
dialog: co“ ~ A Datsun 12602.
speaker_heading: os AMES
dialog: What's that? A compact car?
speaker_heading: ROSS
text: A sports car,
text: Ames finally turns over the engine. He pumps gas into the
text: sputtering motor and pulls off.
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Big deal.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Why are we leaving?
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: We ain't going to Find out anything here.
speaker_heading: ROSS :
dialog: But this is where VanOwen works.
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: le Yeah, but it's tighter than a toad's ass. We
dialog: 7 . could hang around till doomsday and not learn
dialog: fre anything.
speaker_heading: ROSS :
dialog: Bue something's is happening, there,
dialog: oan
dialog: 
dialog: '
dialog: '
dialog: '
dialog: Lo
dialog: - . 104.
speaker_heading: C 102 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: You'd better believe it. VanOwen visits his
dialog: wife, daughter, banker, Makes his Farewell
dialog: each time, We visit Judy Nicholas; she visits
dialog: VanOwen here. And now I know for sure something's
dialog: going on. .
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: The Editor said the Air Force suggested we
dialog: Not waste our time on this story.
speaker_heading: . ROSS
dialog: What does that mean?
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: That means there's a story for sure.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Can they kill it?
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Heck no. The Air Force still thinks it's
dialog: 1958, Thinks they can call the line on any
dialog: story they want, It's just the opposite
dialog: today. The AF couldn't get a reporter to
dialog: believe them if they told him water runs -
dialog: downhill,
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: What did they say?
speaker_heading: AMES
text: The usual. VanOwen is supposedly working on
dialog: some top secret matters involving “national
dialog: security." He's in something alright. And
dialog: whatever it is, we'll find out sooner or. later.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: It'd better be sooner,
speaker_heading: ve AMES
dialog: dpfimacever's happening, it's happening right now.
text: I can feel it straighe through my bones, Something
dialog: big, is going, down, and it's happening right now--
dialog: somewhere,
dialog: cur TO;
dialog: 
text: 103 EXT.
speaker_heading: WD
text: - Inside one of the trucks we can see rows of bulky
dialog: steeb monitoring devices,
speaker_heading: IDAHO NIGHT
text: A large spotlight illuminates a circular area near VanOwen's
text: limousine and the Air Foree trucks.
dialog: whit-e
dialog: staintess—
text: Two workmen stake out a long regtangle. This marks the area
dialog: to be excavated.
text: After the workmen complete stringing the stakes, they call
text: in a backhoe.
text: The backhoe begins digging the long trench,
dialog: VanOwen and Hekman watch on:
speaker_heading: HEKMAN Gs xc wetee
dialog: It's too bad about that nerve gas business.
dialog: It makes everything more difficult.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: I know. But we had no choice,
speaker_heading: . HEKMAN 7
dialog: Why did we have all those early sightings.
dialog: There were six of them.
speaker_heading: VARCVEN
dialog: It I knew the answer to thac, Lou, I'd be
dialog: fifteen years younger today. I think we
dialog: should be thankful there have been any sightings
dialog: at all. : .
speaker_heading: HEKMAN .
dialog: Xsan, Halitosis is better than no breath at
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Yep. Two more days and we'll find out,
speaker_heading: HE
dialog: (looks at watch)
dialog: We've -got to be headed back tu the motel, I'll
dialog: pick up my bricfcase first.
text: Hekman turns and walks back toward a small lighted trailer,
text: VanOwen's eye follow him,
text: Camera closes on VanOwen and sexvreon FADES to DARK BLUE,
dialog: 
dialog: 106
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: INT. GRIEF PLANETARIUM & OBSERVATORY DAY (1971)
text: A wavy yellow line fistails its way across the blue field.
text: The image cones into focus to reveal the yellow path of an
text: oscilloscope reading. Camera pulls back through the Project
text: Grief planetarium and observatory, A 48-inch telescope rest
text: on railway tracks which run through the room. The telescope
text: has been wheeled to the side of the room and the observatory
text: window closed so that the room.can serve in its secondary
dialog: function as a planetarium, .
text: Paul VanOwen (age 51) and Lou Hekman are slouching in two .
text: comfortable chairs talking and sipping drinks. A 1971 AF
text: calender hangs to their rear.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: You want another drink, Lou?
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: What shull we see now?
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: (thinks)
dialog: Let's take a look at Cassiopeia,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Okay.
text: VanOwen flips a switch cutting off the lights and filling the
text: planetarium with stary dots,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GRIEF MONTAGE DAY
text: Life moves at a leisurely piace in the Grief conplex:
text: --The long CORRIDOR leading to the lab is quict, The long
text: Ellsworth Kelley painting and a darkened red emergency flasher
text: watch over the scene.
text: --Kilne lounges in the GAME ROOM, Carey lethargically shoats
dialog: pool with himself,
text: --The poster outside the SCRERNING ROOM advertises French
text: Conneet ion, Sounds come from inside the room.
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: NH
dialog: 107
dialog: “
dialog: ‘
dialog: (O
dialog: 107,
scene_heading: CONTINUED .
text: SUDDERLY, a honking alarm goes off and the red emergency
text: light begins flashing in the corsider CORIO OR,
text: --Kilne and Carey bolt into the corridor and dash toward the
dialog: lab.
text: --Miko and others scramble out of the SCREENING ROOM.
speaker_heading: PLANETARY,
text: --VanOwen and IIckman run out of the pharneterium, Helaan,
text: barely has time to set down his drink as they head for the
dialog: elevator.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: INT, LAB DAY
text: The bank of monitors in the lab is alive with activity, Something
text: has entered in Project E,tice artic semi-circle. (The Entice —
text: monitors have been moved to a less conspicuous part of the lab.)
text: Kilne and Carey are the first to reach the monitors. They are
text: soon followed hy Mike and the others,
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: Something is coming into the field!
text: VanOwen and Hekman, huffing and puffing, arrive last. Every
text: monitor is registering foreign activity in the Entice field.
text: There is, as yet, no video image.
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: What are the readings?
speaker_heading: MIKO
dialog: Could it be an animal?
speaker_heading: - CAREY
dialog: This is no animal! Look at the spectroscope
dialog: readings!
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: What's wrong with the video?
speaker_heading: CAREY
text: All the readings are woving in syne now. Look
dialog: at them!
speaker_heading: MIKO
dialog: My God,
dialog: o
speaker_heading: OQ
dialog: 108,
speaker_heading: ° 107 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: This is it,
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: (impatient)
dialog: Where's the video?
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: Don't get your hopes up,
text: VanOwen turns to Kilne.
text: . VANOWEN .
dialog: This is it, Augic. I was right. Project
dialog: Entice has worked. Now you're the one
dialog: who has to get out,
text: Excited voices continue in the background as they talk.
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: . (forcibly taking Kilne's arm)
dialog: Let's go, Augie. You always tried to block
dialog: this program.
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: But...
dialog: Hl
dialog: Here comes the video!
text: VanOwen and Kilne both stop in their tracks and watch the
dialog: monitor. .
text: Camera closes in on TV MONITOR. The image gradually comesin:
text: fwo bulky white humanoid shapes stand by the saucer model.
text: They are looking, up at the camera (mounted be ‘vind the Lighted
text: history wall). A mechanical contraption can ve seen behind
dialog: them,
text: with erent difficulty. Their shapes
dialog: The creatures inch forward \
dialog: become clearer, avy Calls ow
speaker_heading: CAREY 0.S,
dialog: It's eskimos! It's two gaddman eskinos!
speaker_heading: HEKMAN 0,5,
dialog: Shit,
dialog: 7
dialog: (0
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: CAREY 0.S.
dialog: Two eskimos and a goddamn snowmobile. What
dialog: in the hell are they doing up there anyway?
text: The staff members turn dejectedly to each other.
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: Another false alarm,
text: Carey opens a log by the monitors. He speaks as.he makes
text: a notation in it.
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: That makes 52 reindeer, 29 caribou, one
text: meteorite, two eskimos and a snowmobile.
text: VanOwen has released his grip on Kilne:
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Dam it.
speaker_heading: . CAREY
dialog: At least it's more interesting than pool
dialog: solitaire,
speaker_heading: STAFF MEMBER
dialog: I wonder if anybody shut off the projector.
speaker_heading: MIKO
dialog: (refering to movie)
dialog: We'll have to start the chase scene all over
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: : (to Kilne)
dialog: Sorry, Augie,
speaker_heading: KILNE he fe
dialog: I didn't know how to tell youg, but my new pulsar
dialog: program all but fell through this morning.
dialog: 4 alse
speaker_heading: , VANOWEN
dialog: I struck out too. I give up. It's time to
dialog: have Entice dismantled.
dialog: (gestures to monitors)
text: They look at each other as the other staff members begin co
dialog: file out,
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: What do you say?
dialog: cee ee ee te ee ee wee Tene cane ee
dialog: . \
dialog: » (h07
dialog: 110,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED *
text: VanOwen smiles and extends his hand:
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: I say we serap these programs and start
dialog: over again,
text: Kilne smiles and warmly takes his hand.
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: It's a deal,
text: VanOwen puts his arm around Kilne and they walk out.
text: Camera closes on TV HONITOR: the two eskimos finally get fed up
text: with the history wall, climb into their snowmobile and drive ofz.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GAME ROOM DAY (1972)
text: Another cay, another year. Nebman is playing chess with
text: Carey in the game room, Miko reads a book and. watches TV:
text: Nixon and HcGovern are campaigning.
text: VanOwen walks over to Hekman carrying a letter:
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Somebody wants to talk to me, Lou,
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: A guy named Ruchben Ravanski. Ne says
dialog: the space creatures told him to get in touch
dialog: with me?
speaker_heading: TEKMAN .
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Just what I said.
speaker_heading: IEKMAN
dialog: Now did he know who you were?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN :
dialog: I don't know. The letter was just addressed:
dialog: paul VanOwen, United States Air Foree, Earth,"
dialog: lt took about two months to Lind me,
dialog: c )
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: 108 CONTINUED
dialog: mo
dialog: b ie
dialog: )
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: I wonder how he got your name,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (checking Letter)
dialog: We lives in a place called Bellevue Gardens
dialog: in Tampa.
dialog: H :
dialog: You're not thinking of going, are you?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Thinking of it, You want to come along?
dialog: Tampa! s nice. We can get a.place on the
dialog: each,
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: Now you're talking.
text: Hekman finally makes the move he has been studying. .
speaker_heading: HERMA Cre Caray
speaker_heading: ERMAN,
dialog: You know, Otis, we have”played what--maybe
dialog: five, six thousand games together?--and I
dialog: don't think your chess playing has improved
dialog: one iota in all those times.
speaker_heading: CAREY .
dialog: I'm trying to hustle you,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 109 «~EXT. BELLEVUE GARDENS . DAY
text: VanOwen's long black limo drives through an upper class
dialog: residential section in Tampa.
text: Paul is at the wheel. Both he and "ekman are wearing brightly tolds-
text: Hawaiian shirts. <A rolled-up beach towel lies on the scat
text: between them, ‘they -seem to be having a guood time; they exude
text: the outpoing air of men on vacation,
text: VanOwen cheeks the street nimbers as they past. We rechecks
text: Ravanski's Letter and slows down.
text: The car stops in £rone of a large institutional building with
text: sweeping yreen Lawns, ae sipn reads “Bellevue Gardens
text: Hospital." Mr. Ravanskii Dives at the Cunny Larw,
dialog: 
dialog: 110
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: CONTIRUED
text: VanOwen looks at Lou as if to say, "I shouda know," and
text: pulls into the hospital parking lot.
speaker_heading: CUT To:
scene_heading: INT. BEELEVUE GARDENS DAY
text: A NURSE leads VanOwen and Nekman down the plushly carpeted
text: hospital corridor. Bellevue is strictly a rich man's
dialog: nuthouse :
text: She opens a door marked "Rueben Ravanski" and ushers them
dialog: in.
text: Ravanski's suite is a wonder to behold: a UFO musuem in
dialog: miniature:
text: The walls are hung with large photo blow-ups of "space crafts"
text: and "space creatures." The bookshelf is crammed with UFO end
dialog: * ET literature; back issues of Flying Saucer Review and The
dialog: UFO Inves
dialog: 
text: zator are stacked everywhere. A Large” telescope sits
dialog: 
text: A poisu: vy ae walidow, Flying saucer "“arvifacts" litcer the
text: room and several hand-made UFO models hang from the ceiling.
text: RUEBEN RAVANSKI, a small, worn, friendly old man, sits in 2
text: battered causy chair by the window.
speaker_heading: NURSE |
dialog: Mr. Ravanski, Mr. VanOwen and Mr, Hekman
dialog: are here to see you,
text: His eyes light up:
speaker_heading: RAVANSKI
dialog: Wonderful, wonderful, I knew you would come,
dialog: Please, please sit down,
text: VanOven and IHekman find seats amid the clutter, ‘The nurse
text: excuses herself and exits. She steps out into the hall,
text: closing, the door softly behind her,
speaker_heading: : CUT To:
scene_heading: 111 «INT. RAVANSKI'S ROOM DAY
dialog: wo Ravanski has already begun his extraordinary tale,
dialog: ~~
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: CONTINUED .
text: Ravanski, like a wind-up doll, becomes animated as he speaks:
text: his tired legs gain strength, his sagging arms gesture
text: expansively, his cyes glow like a cat's, Becomming increasing
text: absorbed in his own story, Ravanski crouches by his old chair.
text: Soon he is adrift in a world of his own.
text: Ravanski speaks--with a East European accent--in lush Victorian.
dialog: prose. Wis vocabulary, syntax and sensibility are all relics ef
dialog: geort an earlicr age, .
dialog: (contenuina))
speaker_heading: RAVANSK,
dialog: As was my custom, I went to a certain downtown
dialog: hotel where I always stay and registered. I
text: tipped the bellboy and stood alone in my simple
dialog: room, What reason‘had brought me there I did
dialog: not know, What unseen force pulled me so? Suddenly,
dialog: coming to a decision, I went downstairs, crossed
text: the elegant lobby and wandered into the cocktail
dialog: lounge. I remembered Miss S--a former student of
dialog: mine who must remain nameless--and went into the
text: phone booth and called her. She was delighted
dialog: to hear from me and said she would come over
text: immediately. She, not owning an automobile, said
dialog: it would talc her am hour to arrive by bus, Thon
dialog: I knew it was not Miss S I was speaking with at
dialog: all. The telepathic message the Venusians had
dialog: been trying to send me had finally gotten through.
dialog: This was not to be, of course, the first trip
dialog: I had made to Venus. My first voyage was in 1956,
dialog: but you undoubtably know all about that from my
dialog: book, I'll autograph a copy if you like. ©
dialog: (gestures to Zeit}
text: When the car came to pick me up, the driver,
dialog: of course, was not Miss S at all, but Rakon, the
dialog: Venusian I had met in my earlicr voyage. We rode
text: cw in his,black 4-door Pontiac—some forty-five minutes
text: eo through the dark outskirts of town. Coming—scrads, =,
dialog: = the desert, I saw it, the "scout ship." Afprceiery
dialog: - (gestures Lo photo on the wall)
dialog: 
dialog: Rakon said that Daru, my Martian friend, had reported
dialog: favorably on our meeting. He said they were all
dialog: awaiting my next book,
speaker_heading: (CON'T)
dialog: Lou Hekman has been getting inercasingly Ced-up with this ¢+ne
text: ef claptrap, Me leans over to VanOwen, who has been listening
text: tolerantly, and whispers in his ear:
speaker_heading: “HEKMAN
dialog: (to Van0wen)
dialog: I can stand any more of this, I'm poing out
dialog: to the car, Meet me there,
dialog: 114.
dialog: \
dialog: (Ani conriunn -
dialog: 
dialog: 7"
text: Hekman excuses himself, stands up and leaves. Ravanski hardly
text: notices his departure,
speaker_heading: RAVANSKI
dialog: (con't)
dialog: Uranantha was my guide. On our planet
dialog: she would be called Rakon's sister, but they
dialog: have'no families there. Uranantha looked very
dialog: much like an earth woman, except she had silver
text: eyes and long silver hair, She wore a ski-type brown
text: pee suit and round her wait was wound a orange
dialog: elt, We made love in front of a great bay window
dialog: as our ship journeyed the seemingly short distance
dialog: to Venus, Meteors drifted eriely y and she told
dialog: me all the secrets of life on her planet. Venus
dialog: came up rapidly on our right and Uranantha suggested
dialog: that we go on to Saturn since I had never been
dialog: there. I gladly agreed.
text: Venus passed quickly by. I could see the
dialog: yellow clouds that had so entranced me on my first
dialog: visit. Suddenly, we were hit by a shower or
text: meteorites and the ship shook violently from side
dialog: to side, Uranantha grabbed my sleove, Tren aks
dialog: said there was another man on my planet--they de
dialog: not call it Earth, but Kelos--that I must meet and
dialog: she mentioned your name, She said you were a friend
dialog: of space people everywhere. Then she sang me the
dialog: : song I was to sing to you. It had a light melody but
dialog: :no rhyme--Venusian songs do not rhyme. She seng
dialog: like this:
dialog: (sings in a lilting voice)
dialog: Melodically we coursed our way,
dialog: From distant star our path was warped,
dialog: Everyone danced like leaves in the storm,
text: They hit a plate and made a song...
text: VanOwen suddenly becomes absorbed in Ravanski's song. His face
text: goes pale, his jaw drops, He hears the low piercing SAUCER SuUND.
text: Before Ravanski can finish his song, VanOyen completes the
text: lyrics for him, The words come From VanOwen spontancously and
text: without warning. Ie is alnost as if someone else is speaking
text: through his mouth,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: +..and made a song,
dialog: By music alone sowe-were propelled,
dialog: Weary pilgrim, welcome home,
text: Ravamski is delighted. Me hops on his feet.
dialog: 112
dialog: 115,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: RAVANSKI
dialog: "Ry music alone some were propelled. Weary
dialog: pilgrim, welcome home." She said you would know
dialog: the song! She said you would know the words!
text: VanOwen seems in shock. He stares blankly forward, his
text: lips trexbling in fear and trepidation.
text: The saucer sound grows louder and becomes the OUTER SPACE
speaker_heading: SOUND.
text: Ravanski begins tosing to the tune of the outer space sound:
speaker_heading: RAVANSKI
dialog: By music alone some were propelled, Ka-
scene_heading: fa-roo-pho-Llie-ka-fa-roo-pho-lie-ka-fa-
text: roo-pho-lie-ka-fa-roo-pho-lie...
text: A misty view of THE SITE superimposes over VanOwen's pale
text: face. The orange glow reflects against his cheeks,
text: We drift though QUTER SPACE, Kavanski's gong merges with
text: the music of the spheres: the CELESTIAL SOUND,
text: We pass the planets, the stars and wind our way toward the
scene_heading: TIFID NEBULA. Wempadunceniam .
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, BELLEVUE GARDENS DAY
text: Paul VanOwen, his face still livid, walks mechanically down
text: the carjoird corridor, The celestial sound fades away.
text: He looks grotesquely comical in his Hawaiian shirt.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT, BELLEVUE GARDENS DAY
text: Paul meets Nekman by the side of the limousine.
speaker_heading: HEKMAN |
dialog: Jhat guy is one of the original looney
dialog: tunes, Boy, he is crazy. .
dialog: 116,
speaker_heading: oO
speaker_heading: ay CONTINUED
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: ' Yes. He is crazy, I never realized that
dialog: i before, .
dialog: {
speaker_heading: ! 2 HEKMAN
dialog: : Huh!
speaker_heading: : VANOWEN
dialog: I said I never realized that before.
dialog: (slaps Hekman on shoulder)
dialog: Let's go back,
text: Paul walks around the car and gets in,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 113 INT. GRIEF KITCHEN DAY
text: VanOwen and Helman are having a snack in the kitchen.
dialog: 
text: ~ Paul studies the half cantalepe and glass of milk in front of
text: NY him, Several tiae he prepares co cups with a long sharp
dialog: knife, then decides against it. = C_ inte the Cuntaloy ©
text: Finally, he sets the knife down and speaks to Hekman:
speaker_heading: VANOWEN :
dialog: Lou, I have spent thirteen ycars doing the
dialog: wrong thing. Think of that, It's staggering.
dialog: Thirteen years running away from what I should
text: have been running toward.
dialog: Remember when years ago Augie used to
dialog: talk about the Rosetta Stone? Then we went
dialog: through all those projects? Observation and
text: research, field studies, trying to shoot them
text: down, the radiowave program, Project Entice.
dialog: What a waste of time, All those years I could
dialog: not see one simple fact:
dialog: I am the Rosetta Stone,
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: Come again?
text: VanOwen turns his cantalope upside down on his plate and runs
text: his hand over its curved surface,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Now stupid we were, You cannot “catch! a Q&
dialog: ."Llying saucer." Extraterrestials are noty' them,"
dialog: they are Jus." They ave a higher form of
speaker_heading: (CON''T)
dialog: 3
dialog: . ae
dialog: 
dialog: w~
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED —
dialog: o
dialog: a
dialog: .
dialog: He runs his
dialog: cantalope,
dialog: VanOven picks
dialog: 117,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (con't)
dialog: intelligence, ‘and one can only communicate
dialog: with a higher form of intelligence by likewise
text: beconningnhigher forms of intelligence.
dialog: Extraterrestials are not "out there’...
dialog: (gestures broadly)
dialog: they are "in here."
dialog: (holds his skull)
dialog: The ability to communicate with them is part of
dialog: our inherent racial memory, We are all Rosetta
dialog: Stones. We all contain somewhere within ourselves |
dialog: the secret to communication with hiee¢ beings
dialog: I am only special because thirteén years
dialog: ago this racial memory was thrust into my
dialog: vacersetsee~and conscious mind.
speaker_heading: (CON'T)
dialog: hese
dialog: x.
text: fingers across the brain-like skin of the
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (con't)
dialog: Instead sf pursuing this memory, I ran
dialog: away from it. I thought it was headaches,
dialog: nightmares, hallucinations, craziness. I thought
dialog: I could rid myself of the nightmare by capturing
dialog: physical evidence.But ic is through craziness I
dialog: must go. I must try to recapture that memory which
dialog: was put in my mind thirteen years ago.
dialog: Is anybody in the Project experienced in
dialog: altered and higher states of consciousness? In
dialog: hypnosis?
text: . HEKMAN .
dialog: Miko's done a little work in that area,
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: We'11 bring in somcbody from the outside if we
dialog: have to.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: We're going to start a new program, I'm going
dialog: back, Lou, I'm going back to the moment thirteen
dialog: years ago and find out what happened.
dialog: (looks at catalope)
dialog: I'm going back inside my wind,
text: up the long, knife and plunges it into the top of
dialog: 
text: the cacalope, cldiag it open every which way as if ie were his
dialog: brain itselL,
speaker_heading: a4ithn
speaker_heading: aij 'S | CUT ro:
dialog: . 118.
scene_heading: INT. - GRIEF MONTAGE SEQUENCE DAY
text: VanOwen, Hekman, Miko and others prepare for VanOwen's new
dialog: program:
text: #-VanOwen and Nekman play a strip of tape over and over
text: again, listeining to it closely. VanQwen indicates he wants
text: a slight change made.
text: --VanOwen and Miko work out a visual program for the PLANETARIV.
text: Miko shoots various stellar images on the ceiling and Paul
dialog: comments on them,
text: --VanOwen and a DOCTOR JONES are. sitting in the GAME ROOM. Dr.
text: Jones has several complex charts depicting various states of
text: consciousness and he discuss them with Paul.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 115 INT, CORRIDOR DAY
text: VanOwen and Miko step out of the Game Room and walk toward
dialog: the elevator. .
speaker_heading: MIKO
dialog: Are you ready?
speaker_heading: . VANOWEN
dialog: ‘I hope we have better luck than last time.
speaker_heading: MIKO
dialog: (joking)
dialog: It usually takes a good scientist longer to
dialog: figure out what everybody elsc already knows,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 116 INT. PLANETARIUM DAY
text: Hekman and Dr. Jones are waiting for VanOwen and Miko. Paul
text: smiles and taps Hekman on the back:
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Ready to go for number two?
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: When you are, chief.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Doctor?
dialog: 
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: CORTIRUED
speaker_heading: DR. JONES
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Well, let's get started.
text: VanOwen takes off his shirt and lies on a chaise lounge in
text: the center of the planetarium,
text: Dr. Jones prepares a hypdermic needle and gives Paul an injectien
text: in the arm. .
text: Jones pulls up a chair beside the chaise and sits down. Miko
text: lowers the lights.
text: Hekman flips on the tape recorder containing the PHONETIC LOOP
text: SOUND: ka-fa-roo-pho-lie-ka-fa... . (Scientific aside: when 2 .
text: loop of phonetic sounds is played continuously, the listener, ue
text: after a while, begins to hear new combinations of sounds, yee
dialog: "words," One scientist reported when fytplayed the word‘
dialog: “eo-gi-tate" in a continuous leop for many listeners, he received:
text: aver 3,000 differant interpretations ef the sound pattern.
dialog: Viienctic loops have been used to induce hypnotic states.)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: We listen to the phonetic loop until the sounds begin to blur
dialog: and form new combinations. :
text: Miko flips on the planetarium lights. The ceiling is a erie
text: "night" blue, Small lights move from place to place.
text: Dr. Jones bends over Paul, speaking softly:
speaker_heading: DR, JONES
dialog: It is September 19, 1960. You are a Lieutenant
dialog: in the United States Air Force, You have been
text: in Clarenceville, Indiana, making -a sighting
dialog: report, You reccive a phone call in your motel
dialog: room. ‘The Police Captain asks you to drive to
dialog: Clarenceville und visit several suspects. You
dialog: get into your station wagon and drive along
text: the dark country road toward Clarenceville. ‘The
text: night is black and the road is lonely. There is
text: an erie feeling in the air...
text: VanOwen speaks from his hypnotic sleep:
dialog: yom
dialog: 120,
speaker_heading: "116 CONTIRUED —
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: It's scems warm in here. It's not that warm
text: out, There's heat on the back of my neck, I
text: rub my neck, I can fecl the sweat dripping
dialog: down my checks, It is warm, Something is
dialog: wrong. The engine is overheating. I should
dialog: be able to make it into town. Is the car.
dialog: slowing down? How can that be? There seems
text: to be something behind me, I look but there
dialog: is nothing there. This is very strange, I'm
text: losing oil pressure. The car is slowing down.
dialog: I'll have to pull over.
speaker_heading: (CON'T)
text: We hear the SAUCER SOUND creeply softly onto the soundtrack.
text: But this time, instead of cutting to the symbols of memory, the
text: camera stays on VanOwen's face. As he speaks we intermittently
text: hearthe OUTER SPACE SOUND, PHONETIC-LOOP and CELESTIAL SOUND, but
text: we see only his agonized and sweating face. . :
speaker_heading: VANOVWEN
dialog: (con't) .
dialog: Whal ihis? Oh my Ged. It cantt be. This
dialog: eanit happen to me, What's that? Are they
dialog: speaking to me? Are those words? No, no,
text: TIMECUT: Dr. Jones is thrusting VanOwen deeper into the memory.
speaker_heading: DR. JONES
dialog: Go on, Paul. What do you see? What is happening?
dialog: Look closer, .
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: They're putting something through my body, What
dialog: are they doing? I can't stop, Let me go. Where
dialog: am I now?
speaker_heading: (OUTER SPACE SOUND) :
dialog: Oh, here I go. This is wonderful. I'm flying
dialog: out past the planets now. I can recognize Venus,
dialog: It's much different than they say, I keep going
dialog: faster and faster, I can't ‘stop. What's this?
dialog: Someone is trying to speak to me? What do you
dialog: want to say? Louder, louder. Oh, where am I yoing
dialog: now?) I'm far, far away. The Earth is disappearing
text: like a tiny blue dot. “The Barth is gone now, 1
dialog: will never see it again. I'm just another rock in
dialog: the stars, Ka-roo-ka-roo, this is so.much fun.
speaker_heading: (CELESTIAL SOUND)
dialog: What's this?) Where am [ going? No, not there, 1
dialog: don't want te go in there, Mother don't make me,
dialog: I'm inside now. Where am T?) Te is dark in here.
speaker_heading: (CON'Y)
dialog: ~~
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
dialog: a
speaker_heading: SJ)
dialog: 118
dialog: 121,
speaker_heading: CONTIRUED
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (con't)
dialog: Let me see your faces. Don't stop me now,
dialog: Don't! LI must go on! Let me through! Don't
dialog: stop me, pleasc, please, please, L've got to
dialog: keep going! Let me go!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. GRIEF GAME ROOM DAY
text: Otis Carcy and Dr. Jones are shooting pool. Miko is
text: watching television: the Watergate Hearings are in progress.
text: VanOwen, Hekman and Kilne are sitting in another part of the
text: room, Paul seems exhausted but placid, He speaks calmly:
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: I know where we are going to meet now, I
dialog: mean I have seen the place. It is the same
dialog: place I've seen for fourteen years. I just
dialog: don't know where it is, or.when I'm supposed
dialog: to be there. I've got to go deeper,
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: How can we?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: We'll just keep at it. Push. Expand, Try
dialog: new techniques. I'm being blocked, but I know
text: it's there. It's only a matter of ‘time,
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I know one thing,, Lou, before I can have the
dialog: rendezvous I'm going to have to go back and
dialog: straighten out things with people in my life.
dialog: My wife, my daughter, I've done a lotta crap
dialog: in my life, and it keeps getting in the way.
text: VanOwon seats his foot resolutely against the carpet.
dialog: Screen FADES to WHITE,
speaker_heading: CUT gio
scene_heading: EXY. IDAIIO DAY (1975) Sit
text: A reyular pattern of six color dots appears on the white
dialog: leld,
text: Sereen comes inta focus and we see the control panel of a
text: Large reetangyulie white monitoring device.
dialog: 
dialog: oe
dialog: 
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Camera pulls back to reveal Carey and another technician
text: testing the machine in the back of one of the trucks near
dialog: the Idaho site.
text: A little ways away, the earth-moving crews have finished
text: constructing the long 6 foot deep trench. VanQwen and Kilne
dialog: look with approval at the work. :
text: VanOwen lifts up his eyes and gazes across the long knoll
dialog: before him. We realize then that the Idaho site is THE
text: SITE, the mysterious mist-cnshrouded image that haunted
dialog: VanOwen for so many years.
dialog: di
text: The mist has now been replaced by sunshine Bt ne site still
text: seems wrapped in an outher-worldly aura--or perhaps it is ;
dialog: just the realization that so many years, so much money and Sz made
text: effort and anguish have gone into the search for this place.
text: The familiar orangisli glow which hovered on the horizon in
text: previous views of the site is now gone.
text: The WORKMEN start wheeling the electronic machinery down a
text: ramp into th Cloths are draped across ths dirt walls
text: is clucsed through: the trench. :
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Its purpose becomes clear: men will be able to sit underground
dialog: and study the monitors. . :
text: Kilne and VanOwen turn and walk back toward the trucks. As they
text: go they walk along a narrow ditch where worken are laying the
text: heavy power cables which lead to the large trench.
speaker_heading: » KILNE
dialog: I just want to say again that I didn't approve
dialog: of this.
text: (he gestures to his chest and head,
dialog: indicating where VanCwen has had the
dialog: sensors implanted)
dialog: I didn't see any need for you to go through
dialog: that. But then it wasn't my decision. Or
dialog: my body.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN .
dialog: I thought it was the least I could da. Dozens
dialog: of people have spent years on this Prajecc,
dialog: The povermuent has spent millions, If something
dialog: were to happen to me, if I were unable to report
dialog: back, al) the information we have striven ge . ha
dialog: Jeng, for would be lost, IT have to inaure, there —————
dialog: ‘is a thorough seientifie record Lefe behind should
dialog: something happen to me,
speaker_heading: mS
dialog: ..
dialog: 123,
speaker_heading: 118 CONTIRUED ©
dialog: 119
dialog: place,
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: What possibly could happen?
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: (offhand)
dialog: Oh, just about anything I guess.
dialog: (changing the subject)
dialog: Is everything on schedule here?
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: Ahead of schedule. We'll be finished by
text: tomorrow morning. Police up the area in
text: the afternoon. Everything's quiet in Evans.
dialog: The town's deserted, Just a few National
dialog: Guardsmen.
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Lou are I are flymg back now for the final
dialog: preparations,
speaker_heading: KILNE
dialog: I'll see you tomorrow then.
speaker_heading: VANUWEN
dialog: Yeah,
text: They shake hands. .
speaker_heading: CUT To:
scene_heading: INT. GRIEF LABORATORY “DAY
text: A long TRACKING SHOT down the CORRIDOR into the lab: this
text: is the Final preparation scene.
text: The door to the lab is open and we can see Paul standing in
dialog: the distance, :
text: Paul stands upright. We wears only tight blue jockey shorts.
text: As we draw closer we can that his naked body is a maze of
text: implanted wires and sensors, Wires run up his legs and along
text: his aru, Sensors are imbedded in his chest, his legs and
dialog: skull. ‘
text: Lou Nekman is piving each electrode a quick charge of electricicy
text: wie a long thin prode, Vandwén's body twitches which cach
dialog: jolt.
text: After this is completed, Uekman dreases VanOwen in oa skto-tighe
dialog: uy ety t
text: Breen vubber suit. AZbervard, ant combs Paul's hady back inte
dialog: req
dialog: 
dialog: ~N
dialog: ~-119
dialog: 120
dialog: 124,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: This completed, Helanan takes VanOwen's three-piece grey
text: pin-striped suit off a rack and helps Paul into it,
text: Lou buttons up the vest tiers and straightens the red-and-black
text: striped tie. A Gentleman's Gentleman could do no better.
dialog: VanOwen is ready.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. WRIGHT-PATTERSON DAY
text: Claude's Ames all-purpose Checker pulls into the parking
dialog: lot at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base,
text: He and Leo Ross get out and walk toward the administration
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: cuT To:
scene_heading: INT. WRIGHT-PATTIORSON DAY
text: Ames and Ross are sitting in LT. BILL HIGBY'S OFFICE.
text: Higby swivels in his high-backed desk chair. The decor of his
text: office is depressingly institutional.
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: We came to you because you used to work with
dialog: Paul VanOwen. We're interested in anything
dialog: you might know or remenber,
speaker_heading: HIGBY
dialog: (to Ross)
dialog: You were the fellow I just met, in Evans,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: Yeah, before they had that nerve gas train
dialog: wreck, I wish I had stuck around to cover
dialog: thac story, More interesting than the
text: sightings.
speaker_heading: NIGBY
dialog: Well, of course I emt tell you anything about
dialog: Paul Vandwe even if 1 knew anything, That's
dialog: all Top Seeree government information,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: ecouldn'¢ find out mysel£ if 1 wanted to know. -
dialog: which I don't,
speaker_heading: (CON''T)
dialog: 
dialog: a + , 125.
dialog: my)
speaker_heading: 121 CONTINUED
speaker_heading: HIGRY
dialog: Ceon't) :
dialog: But it's funny you should mention VanOwen,
dialog: I just saw him a couple days ago. For the
dialog: first time in five years.
dialog: Where? AMES
speaker_heading: HIGBY
dialog: That's what was funny, He was in Evans, of
dialog: all places,
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: : VanOwen was in Evans?
speaker_heading: . HIGBY
dialog: Yeah, he was there when they were evacuating
dialog: the town. :
text: Li » Ames takes Ross by the arm and pulls him to his feet.
speaker_heading: , AMES
dialog: (to Higby)
dialog: ’ I'm sorry, Lieutenant. Excuse us just a
dialog: moment,
text: Ames takes Ross OUTSIDE HIGBY'S OFFICE.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: What's up? .
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: Let's go.
speaker_heading: ROSS
dialog: To Evans, I don't know what's happening
dialog: but whatever it is, it's happening there,
dialog: And it's happening now. It all fits, Let's
dialog: get over to the airport,
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: What about him?
dialog: (refering to Higby)
speaker_heading: H1IGBY :
dialog: That twirp will be waiting if we don't come
speaker_heading: oO
dialog: _—,
dialog: oo \ back for a week,
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: . 126,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED”
text: Ames and Ross walk out of the offices.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT, IDANO SITE LATE ‘AFTERNOON
text: The dying rays of sun fall across THE SITE.
text: There is no activity to be seen anywhere. The trucks are
text: gone, the trailer pulled away, The cable ditch and large
text: equipment trench have been covered over by new sod, All
dialog: appears virgin--and ready,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, TRENCH LATE AFTERNOON
text: Soft multi-colored lights glow along the long row of white
dialog: machinery. :
text: Carcy, Mine and Kilne ave seated at various positions in front
dialog: of the machinery.
text: All the monitors are alive and activated; they record every
text: impulse sent out from the sensors in VanOwen's body. One
dialog: bank of dials records chemical compositions, another all forms
text: of radio waves, Still another monitors all of VanOwen's life
dialog: functions: his heart beat, blood sugar, temperature, brain
dialog: waves and so forth, All at the moment are normal, “
text: VanOwen and Hekman stand at the end of the trench, For the
text: first time in all his preparations, Paul seems apprehensive
dialog: and anxious,
text: Hekman seems equally unsettled, He hardly knows how to part
dialog: with the mm he has served for so many years,
text: Paul looks at his watch and turns to say something to Hekman,
text: He moves his mouth but nothing quite comes out.
speaker_heading: MEKMAN
dialog: Maybe it won't come off, Paul, Maybe it'll
dialog: be just another disappointment.
text: VanOwen looks at’ Lou as if to say, “We both know better,"
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: You donte have to go. Nobody will blame you
dialog: af you don't?
dialog: ~ 127.
scene_heading: 123. CONTINUED
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: I'm ready to go, Lou. I don't know what's
dialog: going to happen: All I know is that I'm
dialog: supposcd to be in this place at this time.
dialog: I may die immediately. I may end up a ginea
dialog: pig on an operating table, I may become a
text: specimen in a foreign zoo. Whatever happens,
dialog: I'm ready,
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Look, Lou, there's something I haven't told
dialog: told anybody because I didn't know how they
dialog: would reuct. When I had my final session,
dialog: when I knew that this was the time and place
dialog: I had to be, when I knew that the communication
dialog: I sought would occur here, I also new I would
dialog: never come back. I can't say how or why it
dialog: came to me--maybe I am crazy--but this is the
dialog: thing my whole life has aimed for and it is
dialog: _, the end. I hope they take me away someplace
dialog: else, I'm ready for another world.
dialog: ee
speaker_heading: LS
dialog: Se
text: obtis Carey locks up from the monitors and calls out:
speaker_heading: CAREY
dialog: The sun's down, Paul. Everything's ready.
speaker_heading: ‘ VANOWEN
dialog: (to Hekman)
dialog: Then I guess it's goodbye,
text: lickman is hesitant, but there is something he too has to say:
speaker_heading: HEKMAN
dialog: Paul, there's something I've wanted to say
dialog: too. .
dialog: Cemotional) \
dialog: Paul, you've heen like a father to me all
dialog: these years., I love you and I'm going to miss
dialog: you, hase
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ANOWEN
dialog: (his voice breaking)
dialog: Me too, Lou.
text: i ‘they embrace and Paul steps over to August Kilne,.
speaker_heading: o \ KILNE
dialog: It's been a long road, Paul,
speaker_heading: LA
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 
dialog: 126
dialog: 128.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: VANOWEN
dialog: Yeah, it has, Aen
text: They embrace and Paul moves down the line to Miko and Carey.
text: VanOwen says goodbye and warmly embraces each of them in
dialog: turn. .
text: Then, without looking back, he turns toward the stairway leading
text: to the surface. His shakey legs climb the steps,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. IDAIO SITE DUSK
text: VanOwen stands alone on the barren stretch of ground,
text: Slowly he turns and heads up the knoll.
speaker_heading: , CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TRENCH DUSK
text: Helwan joins the others at their places in front of the
dialog: monitors.
text: All the monitors are activated, Carey watches the dials
text: monitoring VanOwen's vital functidns. VanOwen's heart is
text: beating rapidly.
text: we hear below ground is the silence of anticipation and
text: the clicking of dials.
speaker_heading: CuT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. IDANO SITE DUSK
text: The clicking of the monitors fades as VanOwen turns and
text: proceeds up the knoll,
text: There is only silenee, then, almost imperceptibly, we begin
text: to hear it: the inereased volume of clicking, from underground
text: and the distant strains o£ the SAUCER SOUND,
text: An oranye plow comes up Erom beneath the knoll and hovers
text: on the horizen, The site now duplicates the view of it
dialog: we saw in the pre-eredits, and that Paul first saw in his
text: encounter on the road to Clarenceville,
dialog: 
text: The orange glow reLleces ayainse his cheeks,
dialog: 
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 129,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: The saucer sound increases,
text: Then we see it: a NUGE RED SUN rises from beneath the horizon.
text: The saucer is rising from below the knoll.
text: VanOwen pauses, then walks slowly toward the red semi-circle.
text: He stops and raises his hand in the universal sign of grecting.
text: There, is a pause$, then, slowly, the saucer begins to rise.
text: A thg row of blue lights appears below the red semi-circle. -
text: What we had previously seen was only the dome of a much large
dialog: ship.
text: It continucs to rise. Finally, its entire structure appears
text: above the knoll, It is huge. Its base, hundreds of yards
text: across, stretches from one end of the screen to the other,
text: VanOwen walks toward it.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. ‘ TRENCH DUSK
text: The camera pans across the monitors: all the meters are alive
dialog: and registering.
text: VanOwen's life functions remain stable.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. IDAHO SITE DUSK
text: VanOwen approaches the saucer, His hand is raised in greeting.
text: We hear the ORGAN SOUND. ‘
text: A door in the saucer appears to open, Paul walks in.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: Int. SAUCER ETERNITY
text: VanOwen is inside the saucer.
dialog: Ne receives
dialog: in vapid succession, all the sensations he had
dialog: in his Ci
text: st encounter, in his nightmares, in his hypnotic
dialog: 
dialog: worlds of knowlcdje and awareness,
dialog: \ trance, but then he yous beyond them, exploring entirely new
dialog: \ Ite een Ag ings ‘Then she pes and forms die une lets,
dialog: \ \
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 130,
speaker_heading: CONT LNUED
text: VanOwen receives, now in seconds, his in-depth X-ray. The
text: ray cuts innediately through his skin, blood, nerves and
text: bones, leaving only the pale glow of his soul,
text: The saucer sound dissolves into the OUTER SPACE SOUND. He’
text: hears worlds collide and he zooms through OUTER SPACE.
text: Planets, stars, nebulae pass him by in a flash. The music
text: collasces into the CELESTIAL SOUND. Amid the music of the
text: spheres, we hear the musical PHONETIC LOOP SOUND. Somewhere
text: in the distance Uranantha is singing about weary pilgrims
text: propelled by music alone,
text: VanOwen moves inevitably, rapidly, toward the TIFID NEBULA.
text: We plunge in and are welcomed by the darkness.
text: In the darkness we hear the haunting phonetic loop sound,
text: Then faces appear. They are moving very fast now, They
text: twist, distort, dissolve and blitz past us. We recognize
text: a few as they pass: VenOwen's mother, Sharon, Becky, Judy
dialog: Nicholas, Jack Estes, Ed Tupelo, Rueben Ravanski. We speed
text: past the furbidding land which ouce held VanOwen back,
text: Paul has new plunged past the memory and the dream, He is
dialog: exploring new worlds achieving new knowledge, receiving
dialog: sensations never before experienced by. man,
speaker_heading: HOWS Ly,
text: The Doors ofPerce’ tod swing wode open: through his natural
text: senses andyevery electrode planted in his body, VanOwen is
dialog: receiving emotional, physical, intellectual and spiritual.
dialog: information. The knowledge his mother once speke- of draws
dialog: near, Ay caine ¢
text: The faces kecp spinning and dissolving. Then we realize
text: the faces are not random, but regressive. Each face is the
text: parent of the one preceeding it. ‘The son yields to the father
text: yields to the grandfather. Gencrations flow past in flectiny,
dialog: seconds, .
text: We recognize momentarily an ancient Roman or Near Eastern face.
text: Suddenly, the mirror before of our eyes presents a Cro-Magnon
text: visage, then a Neanderchal, then an Eolithic man--then the
text: fierce face of a sabuer-loothed tiger. Yet, ina £lash, we ge
dialog: furthey back wesse: through reptiles, fish, plants and finally
text: to the apmiagmolecule icsel£, 7x fas-motien pan back across
dialog: VanOwen's artic history wall, /
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: “T+
dialog: *
dialog: 's like a
dialog: a;
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 131.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
text: Then the earth is void and without forma. <A darkness moves
text: upon the face of the deep.
dialog: 
text: We pull rapidly back from the stark and desolate planet, STSaZcc mire
text: quickly into the reaches of space, A rock becomes a boulder 7
text: becomes a mountain because a ridge becomes a continent becomes
text: a planet and then, with a faint blue glow, slowly vanishes
dialog: from view. .
dialog: We are back at the beginning of time: the universe is in the
dialog: throes of creation. :
text: A supernova explodes; light fills the sercen, Hot molten
text: planets spew randomly from the star, casting themselves every.
dialog: which direction through space,
text: The planets cool, coalesce and fall into orbit. Each planet,
text: each moon, each star has a brilliance color of its own. The
text: universe is ablaze with red, yellows, greens and violets.
text: The celestial sound, backed by choruses of disembodied voices,
text: fills the air.
dialog: Is this what men dream of when they die? Is this the knowledge
dialog: we pursue? Is this the heaven we seek?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. IDAHO SITE . DUSK
text: The saucer slowly rises.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. TRENCH DUSK
text: The monitor indicates that VanOwen's bodily vital functions--
dialog: heart beat, temperature, blood sugar, etc.--have falled to
text: the threshold of existence, yet his brain waves continue to
text: throb wildly.
text: Carcy's voice calls out: ‘
speaker_heading: CAREY O.S.
dialog: Ne's still alive,
scene_heading: Screen FADES te BLACK. CUT To:
dialog: 132.
scene_heading: “1330 EXT. ’ EVANS, IDAIO DAY
text: A day later, Groups of local citizens are filtering back
text: into the deserted town, The evacuation has been lifted.
text: The National Guard is assisting where possible.
text: Claude Ames and Leo Ross look disconsolately down the street,
speaker_heading: CUT To:
scene_heading: 134 EXT. IDAHO SITE DAY
text: Ames and Ross walk from their car toward the site area.
text: The last workmen are smoothing dirt over what once was the
text: trench. Ames approaches one of them:
speaker_heading: AMES
dialog: What are you doing?
text: The workman shrugs.
speaker_heading: “y ROSS
dialog: ! What happened here?
text: The workmen shrug and continue with their work, They're just
dialog: doing a job. ‘
text: Ames turns his head and looks up at the skies.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: 135 EXT, ENDLESS SPACE ETERNITY
text: A distant light males its way through the stary skies. The
text: celestial sound plays softly.
dialog: Weary pilgrim, welcome home,
speaker_heading: TUR END
dialog: “ie.
dialog: 
