speaker_heading: CLOUD ATLAS
dialog: A Film By
dialog: A. Wachowski
dialog: L. Wachowski
dialog: T. Tykwer
dialog: Based on the Novel By
dialog: David Mitchell
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
text: On motes like meteors; dancing, streaking particles of light
text: that rise up against the endless night as we tilt down
dialog: revealing--
text: The flickering flame of a campfire, wavering in the wind.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE - NIGHT - YEAR 2346
text: Broken-knuckled, scab covered hands reach for the warmth of
dialog: the fire.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
text: Lornsome night. Babbits bawlin’,
dialog: wind bitin’ t’bone.
text: Zachry (50's) looks old, more weathered than aged, wearing a
text: mix of furs and strange futuristic armor.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT’D)
dialog: Wind like this carries voices,
text: ancestry howlin’ at’cha, screaming
dialog: their stories, all their voices
text: tied up in’t’one.
text: On his face is a terrible scar, a brand burned into his
dialog: cheek.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT'D)
dialog: And out there’s you know who, spyin
dialog: from the dark... Old Georgie and me
dialog: crossed paths more times’n I’m
dialog: comfy mem’ryn. After I’m died no
dialog: tellin’ what that fangy devil won’t
dialog: try to do to me...
text: The fire glints in his eye.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Listen close and lemme yarn you
dialog: ‘bout the first time we met eye to
dialog: eye...
scene_heading: EXT. CHATHAM ISLANDS BEACH - DAY - YEAR 1846
text: MOVING POV ON a trail of footsteps in the sand... being
text: followed by ADAM EWING (35), a lawyer from the city of San
text: Francisco who appears out of place on the shore of this
dialog: Pacific island.
speaker_heading: EWING (V.0O.)
dialog: Thus it was that I made the
dialog: acquaintance of Doctor Henry Goose,
dialog: surgeon of London nobility.
text: The path leads to DR. HENRY GOOSE (mid-40’s), his trousers
text: rolled up, sporting an unkempt beard as he shovels and sifts
text: through the sand.
speaker_heading: EWING (CONT’D)
dialog: Doctor Goose?
text: Goose looks at Ewing, eye to eye.
speaker_heading: GOOSE
dialog: And who might you be?
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: Ewing, Adam Ewing, Sir. Traveling
dialog: with the “Prophetess”. They told me
dialog: I could find you out here. Have you
dialog: lost something?
speaker_heading: GOOSE
dialog: (a beat, then smiles)
dialog: Teeth, sir are the enameled grails
dialog: of the quest at hand. This beach
dialog: was once a cannibal’s banqueting
text: hall, where the strong gorged on
dialog: the weak, but the teeth, the teeth
dialog: sir, they spat out as you or I
dialog: would expel a cherry stone. An
dialog: artisan of Piccadilly who fashions
text: denture sets for the nobility pays
text: handsomely for human gnashers. Do
dialog: you know the price a quarter pound
dialog: will earn, sir?
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: I confess, I do not.
speaker_heading: GOOSE
dialog: Nor shall I enlighten you, sir for
dialog: ‘tis a professional secret.
dialog: Ahhhhahahaha!
text: The doctor has dentures himself; the teeth, overly large for
text: his mouth, give him a comedic and paradoxically carnivorous
dialog: appearance.
scene_heading: INT. VOLKSWAGEN BEETLE - DAY - YEAR 1974
dialog: LUISA REY (mid 30’s), a feminist from the days when it was an
text: ideal, not a fashion statement, talks into her tape recorder.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Question one: what secret might be
dialog: in Sixsmith’s report that would be
dialog: worth killing him for? Question
dialog: two: if in fact someone did kill
dialog: him, is it reasonable to assume
dialog: they would kill again to protect
dialog: that secret and if so, question
dialog: three: what the fuck am I doing
dialog: here?
scene_heading: EXT. SWANNEKKE ISLAND BRIDGE - DAY - YEAR 1974
text: The Beetle rattles toward a small island dominated by a
text: nuclear power plant cooling tower; a man-made volcano blowing
text: white smoke indifferently across a blue sky.
text: The security booth is besieged by demonstrators wielding
dialog: signs that scream, “Welcome to Cancer Island!” And “Hell No!
dialog: We Won’t Glow!”
text: She stops in front of the gate and the mirrored shade wearing
text: GUARD steps over.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Press pass.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Expecting trouble?
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: An ENFORCER hands a small wand-like device to the ARCHIVIST,
text: aman in his early thirties.
speaker_heading: ENFORCER
dialog: Any problems sir, you just hit this
dialog: button.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: Thank you.
text: The Enforcer leaves them alone. The glow panel hums above
dialog: them.
text: The Archivist sits across from SONMI-451, a young female
text: replicant, who watches him, her magnetic shackles, securely
text: locked to the armrests.
text: He removes the “orison”, an egg-shaped recording device, from
text: its case. He sets it upright and it begins to spin.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST (CONT’D)
dialog: On behalf of my Ministry and the
dialog: future of Unanimity, I want to
dialog: thank you for this final interview.
text: Her genetically designed features remain a mask of servile
dialog: patience.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST (CONT’D)
dialog: Remember this isn’t an
dialog: interrogation or a trial. Your
dialog: version of the truth is all that
dialog: matters.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Truth is singular. Its “versions”
dialog: are mistruths.
text: The noise of an old typewriter in use cuts into the silence.
scene_heading: INT. CAVENDISH’S STUDY - EVENING - YEAR 2009
text: A beautiful English study; bookshelves line the walls.
text: Timothy Cavendish, an older man is typing his memoir into a
dialog: typewriter.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.0O.)
dialog: While my extensive experience as an
dialog: editor has led me to a disdain for
text: flashbacks and flash forwards and
dialog: all such tricksy gimmicks I believe
dialog: that if you, dear Reader, can
dialog: extend your patience for just a
dialog: moment, you will find there is a
dialog: Method to this tale of Madness.
text: He pauses, considering, then sips the last of his wine before
dialog: continuing.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Look. I was Dermot Hoggins's
dialog: publisher, not his shrink or his
dialog: astrologer, the ruddy, bloody truth
dialog: is I had no idea what the man was
dialog: going to do that night.
scene_heading: INT. LAUGHING CAVALIER HOTEL - DAWN - YEAR 1931
text: ROBERT FROBISHER (early 20’s) looks as though he has been up
text: for days. He places an envelope carefully on the desk, just
text: above a manuscript entitled “The Cloud Atlas Sextet.”
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: My Dearest Sixsmith. I shot myself
text: through the roof of my mouth at
dialog: four AM this morning with Vyvyan
text: Ayrs’ Luger.
text: He goes to the bathroom and wraps his head in a towel. He
text: gets into the tub and picks up the Luger pistol.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (CONT’D)
dialog: A true suicide is a paced,
dialog: disciplined certainty. People
dialog: pontificate, “suicide is
dialog: selfishness,” while career
dialog: churchmen like Pater call ita
dialog: coward’s act typically because they
dialog: lack the necessary suffering to
dialog: sympathize. Couldn’t be further
dialog: from the truth; suicide takes
dialog: tremendous courage.
text: He puts the gun in his mouth.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t let them say I killed myself
dialog: for love. Had my infatuations but
dialog: we both know in our hearts who is
dialog: the sole love of my short, bright
dialog: life.
text: As he cocks back the hammer and prepares to pull the trigger
dialog: we cut to black.
scene_heading: TITLE: CLOUD ATLAS
text: On a background of swirling nimbi.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
scene_heading: EXT. CART TRAIL - DUSK - YEAR 2314
text: A man and his two sons push an overloaded archaic looking
text: hand cart along a muddy wooded trail. They stop at a ford
text: along a river bed, the sun low in the sky.
dialog: 6.
dialog: Helping them, without exerting much effort is Zachry who we
text: recognize, though he is a decade younger and does not have
dialog: the terrible scar.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (V.0.)
dialog: For me, all started way back when I
dialog: still had mos’ my teeth. Me an’
dialog: Adam, my bro’by law, an his two
dialog: sons was trekkin' back from Honokaa
dialog: Market. Evenin' catched us up
dialog: early, so we tented on the southly
dialog: bank o' Sloosha's Crossin'.
text: Zachry'’s brother-in-law, Adam and his two sons begin to set
text: up a makeshift camp.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Now, I'd got diresome hole-spew
dialog: that day ‘cos I'd ate a gammy dog
dialog: leg in Honokaa, an' I was squattin'
dialog: in a thicket when sudd'nwise I felt
text: the devil’s eyes on me.
text: Zachry defecates in a leafy brush when he feels as though he
dialog: is not alone.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT’D)
dialog: Who's there?
text: The hairs on his neck stand up.
speaker_heading: CREEPY VOICE
dialog: Oh, a darky spot you're in, friend.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Name y'self!
text: Zachry yanks out his weapon.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT'D)
dialog: I got a blade, I have!
text: The voice hisses at him.
speaker_heading: CREEPY VOICE
dialog: Ain’t no blade can protect you from
dialog: the True-true...
text: Perched above him, wrapped in dusky shadow is OLD GEORGIE; a
text: devil dressed in black tatters and a battered stovepipe hat,
text: his spindly arms and legs unfold from beneath him spider-like
text: as he stands.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: (scared, whispers)
dialog: Old Georgie...
text: The devil cackles.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: I knowed the moment he looked me
dialog: dead t’eye, my soul was stoned.
text: Suddenly, Old Georgie LEAPS DOWN at Zachry who screams ---
text: staggers, hiking up his pants and runs away, crashing through
text: the brush straight into a clearing--
text: Filled with savage-looking tattooed men astride armored
text: horses: KONA RAIDERS.
text: The blood drains from his face as Zachry freezes for a
text: moment, then turns and bolts.
text: They howl as they rear their horses in chase.
text: The underbrush tears at Zachry as he sprints back to his
text: camp. The taunting shrieks of the Kona and the thundering
text: hooves of horses swirl around him, closing fast.
text: Zachry can feel them almost on top of him when his foot gets
text: caught by a root and he suddenly drops, disappearing into a
text: thick bed of leaves.
text: The horses scream past him.
text: He lets out a breath, still shaking from the chase but as the
text: sounds of the raiders recede, he hears their SHOUTS rise
dialog: renewed.
text: He realizes he has led the Kona to Adam and his two sons.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Now panickin' wings your foot but
dialog: it muddies your thinkin' too, so I
dialog: rabbited back to camp. I jus'
dialog: followed my instinct without
dialog: thinkin' thru what'd happen.
text: Zachry scrambles from his hiding place and carefully worms
text: his way to the edge of the camp.
text: The Kona have surrounded Zachry’s brother-in-law and nephews,
text: hooting at them as they toy with their prey.
text: He watches as Adam swings his axe defensively when the crack
text: of a bullwhip sends him to his knees.
text: Another crack and the axe is torn from his hands.
text: Zachry lies paralyzed by fear as Old Georgie seems to
text: materialize from the shadows beside him; at first, the
text: malevolent smile is the only thing visible.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE
dialog: Yay, stay here. Saaaaaaafe here.
dialog: Ain’t no sense in trying to
dialog: help’em. You’ve said it y’self
dialog: many times, ain’t ya? “The Weak
dialog: are Meat, the Strong do Eat.” The
dialog: True-true, what that is. No
text: un‘scapes the True-true.
text: Horror, like a hand of ice, squeezes Zachry’s heart as the--
text: KONA CHIEF grabs a handful of Adam’s hair and wrenches back
text: his head. His blade flashes as he slits his throat from ear
dialog: to ear.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE (CONT’D)
dialog: Shame but Adam’s too old for
dialog: slavin’. Ain’t fit for nuthin’ but
dialog: feedin’ worms.
text: His youngest nephew screams and attacks but he his quickly
text: and violently subdued. The older boy tries to protect his
text: brother but is also bludgeoned into submission.
text: The two boys are thrown over a horse as the Kona prepare to
dialog: depart.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE (CONT'D)
text: Dem boys a’ headed t’slave markets.
dialog: Ain’t nuthin’ y’can do t’stop it.
dialog: ‘Sides who’s gonna look after your
dialog: sister and little Catkin?
text: This thought takes away some of the pain and horror of what
dialog: Zachry has just experienced.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE (CONT'D)
dialog: Yay, think ‘bout Catkin and Rose.
dialog: Makes thinkin’ about y’self so much
dialog: easier... don’t it?
text: The face fades back into the darkness while the smile
text: lingers, dissolving into a patch of leafy crepuscular light.
text: Alone, Zachry looks at Adam’s body and begins to weep.
dialog: 9.
scene_heading: INT. MISSIONARY SOCIETY - CHATHAM ISLANDS - DAY - YEAR 1846
text: A contract is being signed.
speaker_heading: EWING (V.0O.)
dialog: Wednesday, 9th of September. The
dialog: contracts are signed. My father-in-
dialog: law should be happy.
text: Reverend Horrox sits across from Ewing and finishes the last
dialog: signature.
speaker_heading: EWING (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: All my worrying due to the delay
dialog: caused by my failing health seems
dialog: fatuous. A bit of good fortune--
dialog: Doctor Henry Goose had offered to
dialog: accompany me back to San Francisco
dialog: and treat me. How I long for this
dialog: journey to end, to be home again,
text: to be in Tilda’s arms.
text: Close on a pool of smoking red wax as a seal is pressed into
text: it. Above the seal is the signature of Reverend Giles Horrox
dialog: of the London Missionary Society.
speaker_heading: HORROX
dialog: There you are, Mr.Ewing. As
dialog: binding a covenant there can ever
dialog: be between men outside the province
dialog: of Scripture.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: Thank you, Reverend Horrox. I know
dialog: my father-in-law is profoundly
dialog: excited about this deal.
speaker_heading: HORROX
dialog: Your father-in-law is a great man.
dialog: Future generations depend upon men
dialog: like him; men capable of speaking
dialog: the truth.
text: Ewing nods like someone used to living in someone else’s
dialog: shadow.
scene_heading: INT. HORROX DINNING ROOM - NIGHT - 1846
text: Adam Ewing and Goose sup on turtle soup with the Horrox
text: family and a few members of his clergy.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: HORROX
dialog: When I first encountered Haskell
dialog: Moore’s writing, its perspicuity
dialog: struck me as if delivered through
dialog: Divine revelation.
text: Goose slurps his soup.
speaker_heading: HORROX (CONT’D)
dialog: Doctor Goose, a learned man such as
dialog: yourself must be familiar with his
dialog: tractus, “The Ladder of
dialog: Civilization?”
speaker_heading: GOOSE
dialog: I confess, Reverend, my education
dialog: remains a work in progress.
speaker_heading: HORROX
dialog: How providential your choice of
dialog: words Doctor, for Progress is
dialog: precisely the subject.
dialog: Specifically the kind of Progress
dialog: that we see here in Bethlehem Bay
dialog: everyday. But I’m sure Mr. Ewing
dialog: would be better at explaining the
dialog: work of his father-in-law than I.
text: Attention shifts to Ewing, who sets his spoon down with a
text: muted clatter against the taurine.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: Well, let’s see. It is, in essence,
text: a syllogistic exploration of God’s
dialog: Will.
speaker_heading: MADAME PARISHIONER
dialog: (to Goose)
dialog: I couldn’t understand a word of it
dialog: Doctor, but when the Reverend
dialog: explained it in one of his
dialog: homilies, well, the whole parish
dialog: felt the presence of our Lord.
speaker_heading: HORROX
dialog: Continue, Mr. Ewing.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: Of course, he acknowledges that
dialog: God's Will remains ultimately
text: unknowable, but he suggests that if
dialog: the miracles of the Biblical Age,
dialog: can be interpreted as a
text: manifestation of His Will then
dialog: perhaps that same Hand is
dialog: responsible for the miracles of
dialog: Progress. In this Age he argues,
dialog: it is Progress that elevates man
dialog: towards his Creator, not Jacob’s
dialog: Ladder, but rather “Civilization’s
dialog: Ladder,” that bears us towards the
dialog: Godhead.
text: Madame Parishioner hums in corseted pleasure.
speaker_heading: HORROX
dialog: This explains the advancement of
dialog: each race, why you have the Anglo-
text: Saxon at the high-point on the
dialog: ladder, nearest God and the
dialog: “irreclaimable races” such as the
dialog: Aboriginal and the African or even
dialog: our own Moriori, who remain one
text: rung up from the great ape, so
dialog: obdurate to Progress and to the
dialog: Word of God, that no one should be
text: surprised when one of them slips
text: off the ladder altogether.
speaker_heading: GOOSE
dialog: You mean extinction?
speaker_heading: HORROX
dialog: Surely a Doctor knows that God’s
dialog: Will is often an act of mercy.
speaker_heading: MADAME PARISHIONER
dialog: Amen.
text: Heads are bowed and “amens” mumbled amidst the flickering
text: candle flames.
text: Goose looks at Ewing who has trouble meeting his gaze.
scene_heading: INT. IMPERIAL WESTERN HOTEL - DAY - YEAR 1931
text: The young byronic Frobisher lies entwined with his lover
text: RUFUS SIXSMITH; deep shadows cleaved into the tangle of
text: sheets frame their coital, luminous flesh.
dialog: 12.
text: On Frobisher’s back, just below his shoulder there is a
text: strange comet-shaped birth mark.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: Sixsmith - I do hope you will be
dialog: able to find it in your heart... to
dialog: forgive me.
text: A terrible pounding on the door, jolts the lovers awake.
speaker_heading: HOTEL HEAVY
dialog: Mr. Frobisher! Mr. Robert
dialog: Frobisher!
text: Sixsmith starts to the door but Frobisher stops him though
text: the pounding grows more urgent.
speaker_heading: HOTEL HEAVY (CONT’D)
dialog: The management would like a word,
dialog: sir! Mr. Frobisher, open this door!
text: Sixsmith looks at Frobisher, knowing exactly what is about to
text: happen; his lover’s eyes shine in a way that often requires
text: an apology.
speaker_heading: HOTEL HEAVY (CONT’D)
dialog: We know you’re in there, Mr.
dialog: Frobisher. Please, comply! A
dialog: letter is being drafted to your
dialog: father! Mr. Frobisher!
text: As the pounding continues, Frobisher slips on most of his
text: clothes including a beautiful waistcoat.
text: As he puts it on he smiles at Sixsmith who smiles back
text: knowing he is about to lose his favorite vest.
text: They stare at one another as if they were the only two people
text: in the world until Frobisher kisses him one last time.
text: The kiss ends like a spell breaking, the pounding even louder
text: as Frobisher dashes across the room, grabs his small bag and--
text: Leaps out the window.
text: There is a metal shriek of a bending drainpipe which causes
text: Sixsmith to rush to the window wrapped only in a sheet.
text: Outside, Frobisher thuds to a lower roof below, then with a
text: certain awkward aplomb, slips down over the eave and drops to
text: the alley below.
dialog: 13.
text: He sees Sixsmith watching and he bows as though taking a
text: final curtain, gestures as if he was throwing his heart at
text: Sixsmith, flashes a rakish smile and darts away just as--
text: The door bursts open.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: Hated leaving you like that.
dialog: Wasn’t the goodbye I had in mind at
dialog: all. But you more than anyone
dialog: understand the precariousness of my
dialog: present predicament.
text: Sixsmith smiles with resignation and reaches for his wallet.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN CAR - DAY - YEAR 1931
text: Frobisher writes his letter as the city is smeared with an
text: impressionist’s brush behind him.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: I’m sure you'd remind me I brought
dialog: it all upon myself, Sixsmith, but
dialog: shrug off that middle-class chip on
dialog: your shoulder and try to stick with
dialog: me a little longer.
scene_heading: EXT. HYDE PARK, LONDON - DAY - YEAR 1931
text: Sixsmith sits on a park bench, reading Frobisher’s letter.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: This time it’s going to be
dialog: different, I swear to you. This
dialog: time I have a plan. In the Belgian
dialog: backwaters, south of Bruges, there
dialog: lives a reclusive English composer,
dialog: named Vyvyan Ayrs. You won't have
dialog: heard of him because you're a
dialog: musical oaf, but he's one of the
dialog: greats.
scene_heading: INT. DOVER TRAIN STATION - DAY - YEAR 1931
text: Frobisher gets off the train and heads for the exit.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: He hasn't produced any new work
dialog: since the early twenties due to
dialog: illness - but the Times review of
dialog: last week’s performance of his
dialog: Secular Magnificat referred to a
text: drawer full of unfinished works.
scene_heading: EXT. HYDE PARK, LONDON - DAY - YEAR 1931
text: Sixsmith, reading, sadly senses his love traveling further
text: and further away.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: You see where this is heading?
scene_heading: EXT. FERRY DOCK - DAY - YEAR 1931
text: A crowd boards the ferry. Frobisher is among them.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: My scheme had me traveling to
dialog: Belgium, persuading Vyvyan Ayrs he
dialog: needed to employ me as an
text: amanuensis, accepting his offer to
dialog: tutor me, shooting through the
dialog: musical firmament, winning fame and
dialog: fortune commensurate to my gifts,
dialog: obliging Pater to admit that, yes,
dialog: the son he disinherited is the
dialog: Robert Frobisher, greatest British
dialog: composer of his time.
scene_heading: EXT. FERRY - DUSK - YEAR 1931
text: Frobisher sits on the deck, finishing his letter, the chilly
text: channel wind fondling his hair.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: I know, Sixsmith, you groan and
dialog: shake your head, but you smile too,
dialog: which is why I love you.
text: A pretty SAILOR smiles at Frobisher as he puts his letter
text: away. He smiles back. The sailor heads below deck as
text: Frobisher, feeling his luck begin to change, follows.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: P.S. Thanks for the waistcoat. I
dialog: needed something of yours to keep
dialog: me company.
dialog: 15.
scene_heading: EXT. HYDE PARK, LONDON - DAY - YEAR 1931
text: Sixsmith sighs, a hint of a smile like the taste of
text: bittersweet, fading as he folds the letter and tucks it into
text: a new leather bag as we hear--
speaker_heading: MUSICIAN (V.O.)
dialog: Come on, baaaaby, we are meant to
dialog: be together!
scene_heading: INT. HIGHRISE APARTMENT - HALLWAY - NIGHT - YEAR 1973
text: Close on a bag that could be Sixsmith’s, but worn and aged to
dialog: a point beyond resemblance.
text: An old man stands waiting for an elevator. Out of the corner
text: of his eye he looks towards the voices and the sounds of a
text: party spilling out of an apartment.
speaker_heading: MUSICIAN
dialog: Luisaaaaa, I’m tellin you baby, you
dialog: can’t leave me. It’s a past life
dialog: thing or maybe a future life, but I
dialog: feel it, you and me.
text: A man too old for his leather trousers, bare torso and zebra
text: waistcoat, one arm wrapped around Luisa’s waist, the other
text: holding a joint.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Not tonight, sorry. Thanks again
dialog: for the interview, but really, I
dialog: need to get home.
speaker_heading: MUSICIAN
dialog: Uh-uh, what you need is to lighten
dialog: up, baby.
text: He takes a long hit.
speaker_heading: MUSICIAN (CONT'D)
dialog: En-lighten up. Come on, one little
dialog: magic carpet ride.
text: The elevator dings and she looks at the old man who turns
text: away as the doors slide open.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Look, just so there’s no
dialog: uncertainty, I’d jump to my death
dialog: before I’d ride a magic carpet with
dialog: you.
dialog: 16.
text: She pries herself free as the old man gets on the elevator
speaker_heading: MUSICIAN
dialog: Pick-ky! Who do you think you are?
dialog: Joni-fuckin-Mitchell?
text: She runs for the doors that begin to close.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Elevator!
speaker_heading: MUSICIAN
dialog: You write a bullshit gossip column
dialog: for a fuckin rag! You’re a NOBODY!
text: The elevator doors are closing just as Luisa reaches them but
text: a cane suddenly jams between them, forcing them open.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Thank you.
text: The OLD MAN nods.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY (CONT’D)
dialog: Nice to know the Age of Chivalry
dialog: isn’t dead.
text: He manages a smile but it is obvious that he is not a healthy
text: man. In his hand is the small suitcase.
text: They watch the needle leisurely arc its way towards the “L”
text: until a gatta-gatta-gatta detonates--
text: The elevator abruptly lurches to a stop and dies with a
text: mechanical scream.
text: Both Luisa and the old man crash to the ground by the sudden
dialog: impact.
text: Luisa picks herself up as the light stutters on and off
text: before settling on a buzzing sepia. The sprawled man
text: recovers himself a little.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY (CONT’D)
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: No bones broken, I think.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Let me help you.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Thanks but I’1l just stay seated
text: for the moment in case it restarts
text: suddenly.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
text: Feels like another power outage.
dialog: Perfect end to the perfect day.
text: She hits the ancient intercom button.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY (CONT’D)
dialog: Hey anyone there? We’re trapped!
dialog: Can anyone hear me?
text: Static hiss.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY (CONT’D)
dialog: Christ.
text: She looks up for a ceiling hatch.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY (CONT’D)
dialog: There’s gotta be an access hatch...
text: There isn’t. She looks at the old man.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY (CONT'D)
dialog: Only in the movies, I guess.
text: She resigns, sitting down across from him.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Still glad the Age of Chivalry
dialog: isn’t dead?
text: She manages a smile.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: I'd still rather be here than back
dialog: up there.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Not your cup of tea, was he?
text: She snorts.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: More like an occupational hazard.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: What occupation might that be, if
dialog: it’s not inappropriate to ask?
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Journalist to some, bullshit gossip
dialog: columnist to others.
text: She reaches her hand out.
dialog: He shakes
dialog: She pulls
speaker_heading: LUISA REY (CONT’D)
dialog: Luisa Rey.
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Rey? Any relation to Lester Rey?
text: her hand back and shrinks a little.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Yeah... he was my father.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Really? Do you know, I subscribed
dialog: to Illustrated Planet in ‘67 just
dialog: to read your father’s dispatches
dialog: from Vietnam. One of the few
dialog: journalists who grasped the war
dialog: from the Asian perspective.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: I think I read that he had been a
dialog: policeman, is that right?
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: But I recall there was some kind of
dialog: trial, some malfeasance?
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: My dad could never play the game,
dialog: so they kicked him out.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: And then he became a journalist?
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: More like a Crusader.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Remarkable.
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Yeah.
text: He realizes just how painful the nerve is that he hit.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: He must have been very proud of
dialog: you, following in his footsteps.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Oh, Luisa Rey is no Lester Rey. No
dialog: award winning copy from war zones.
dialog: No exclusive interviews with the
dialog: leaders of the Black Panther party.
dialog: She’s done nothing with her life
text: but crank out a bit of simpering
dialog: gossip for a celebrity rag no one
dialog: ever admits to reading.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Yes, but is it well written,
dialog: simpering gossip?
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Oh, it is excellently written
text: simpering gossip.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Then don’t bemoan any misspent life
dialog: quite yet. Forgive me for
dialog: flaunting my experience but you
dialog: have no conception what a misspent
dialog: life constitutes.
scene_heading: EXT. STARLIGHT BAR - NIGHT - YEAR 2009
text: An awards night for book publishers held at a posh bar with a
text: rooftop garden overlooking the city. In the background, a
text: jazz sextet plays quietly.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: ‘Twas the Night of the Lemon
dialog: Prizes, no bigger waste of time in
dialog: the entire publishing industry.
text: Cavendish stands alone looking out over the rooftops. Behind
text: him, the party crowd: a cloud of critics, compliers,
dialog: commentators - and writers.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I recall a moment of introspection,
text: at the balcony’s edge,
text: contemplating a change of vocation,
dialog: why, why would anyone in their
dialog: right mind choose to be a
dialog: publisher? Which was when he found
dialog: me. Bad news inexorably does.
speaker_heading: DERMOT
dialog: oy, Timothy.
text: DERMOT HOGGINS sidles up beside Cavendish.
speaker_heading: DERMOT (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s all fockin’ bullshit, mate. A
dialog: fockin’ waste.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Probably true, but we never really
dialog: know what actual effect we have in
dialog: the Great Scheme of Things.
dialog: Remember poor Melville; writes a
text: ripping yarn about a big white
text: whale which is summarily dismissed,
dialog: laughed at by critics, rejected by
text: readers yet, today, lugged around
dialog: in the backpacks of every serious
dialog: student of literature in the
dialog: Western world.
speaker_heading: DERMOT
dialog: I don’t give a fock wot ‘appens
dialog: when I’m dead. I want people to
dialog: buy my book now.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: As your publisher, obviously
dialog: nothing would make me happier but
dialog: for whatever reason, “Knuckle
dialog: Sandwich” failed to connect to an
dialog: audience.
speaker_heading: DERMOT
dialog: You want a reason? I’11 show you a
dialog: fockin’ reason. Right there!
text: He points as though aiming a gun at a smiling MAN, thoroughly
text: enjoying himself. Cavendish immediately recognizes him.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Ahh, you mean, Mr. Finch?
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: DERMOT
dialog: Felix Fockin’ Finch! The cunt that
dialog: shat on my book in his poncy
dialog: fockin’ magazine!
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: It wasn’t your best review.
speaker_heading: DERMOT
dialog: It was my only fockin’ review!
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: It wasn’t that bad.
text: He pulls a wadded piece of paper from his pocket.
speaker_heading: DERMOT
dialog: No? (reading) “Mr. Hoggins should
dialog: apologize to the trees felled for
text: his bloated autobio-novel. Four
text: hundred vainglorious pages expire
text: in an ending that is flat and inane
dialog: beyond belief.”
text: Dermot flings his glass over the railing.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Steady now, Dermot. What’s a
dialog: critic but one who reads quickly,
text: arrogantly but never wisely.
speaker_heading: DERMOT
dialog: Fockit.
text: He heads for Finch.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Dermot...
text: Swiping two cocktail trays from passing servers he starts
text: banging them together.
speaker_heading: DERMOT
dialog: Ladies and Gentleman of the jury!
dialog: Your attention, please!
text: Finch and his gaggle of admirers turn as Dermot bears down on
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: DERMOT (CONT'D)
dialog: We have an additional award
dialog: tonight, fellow book faeries!
text: Ooooh’s and chuckles all around Dermot.
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: DERMOT (CONT’D)
dialog: An award for “Most Eminent Critic!”
dialog: Competition was fierce but - (he
text: produces a crumbled piece of paper)
dialog: the panel was unanimous in
dialog: choosing, Mr.- oh, beg pardon, SIR
dialog: Felix Finch 0, B and E!
text: Stirrers crow “Bravo, Felix, bravo.”
speaker_heading: FINCH
dialog: What might my prize be, I wonder? A
text: signed copy of an unpulped “Knuckle
dialog: Sandwich?” Can’t be many of those
dialog: left.
text: The coterie hoots. Dermot seethes.
speaker_heading: FINCH (CONT’D)
dialog: Well come on, I’m breathless with
dialog: anticipation. Just what does that
dialog: lead-less pencil you call an
dialog: imagination have in mind to end
dialog: this scene?
text: The tension goes out of Dermot’s face and he winks.
speaker_heading: DERMOT
dialog: Oh, I think you’re gonna love this
dialog: one.
text: He grabs hold of Finch’s lapels, spins him around and with
dialog: surprising nonchalance-
text: Judo throws the critic over the balcony railing.
text: Finch’s shriek ends with a terrible wet THUD on the pavement
text: below. The force of the splatter sets off a car alarm.
text: Dermot dusts his lapels and calls over the edge.
speaker_heading: DERMOT (CONT'D)
text: Now, THAT’S “an ending flat and
dialog: inane beyond belief.”
text: The crowd stands dumbstruck, quiet enough to hear champagne
text: bubbling as Dermot saunters back to the bar and orders a
dialog: beer.
text: MOVING IN on Cavendish who watches him, his horror slowly
text: fading as he begins to sense something gathering momentum
text: like music in his head.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: My thoughts? If I am honest, I
dialog: admit that the obvious emotions
text: like shock and horror, flew as
dialog: Finch had, here and gone, while
dialog: deep down I experienced a nascent
dialog: sense of a silver lining to this
dialog: most tragic turn.
scene_heading: MONTAGE: STREET VENDORS / NEWSPAPERS / MAGAZINES / TV
text: Newspapers and magazines are covered with pictures of Dermot
text: and Finch, (headlines like “WRITER:1 CRITIC:0” or “Finch’s
dialog: Final Fling”).
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
text: Overnight, Dermont “Dusty” Hoggins
dialog: became a cult hero to the Common
dialog: Man.
text: Television News and Talk Shows all circle around the scandal
text: of the month. In a quick montage, we can see more and more
text: monitors, “Knuckle Sandwich” being discussed on every
dialog: channel.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I have been asked on numerous
dialog: occasions, what is feels like to be
text: at the center of a media storm.
scene_heading: EXT. CAVENDISH OFFICE - DAY
text: Cavendish is besieged by a blockade of reporters as he tries
text: to get to his office door.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: Save perhaps the blood and the
dialog: dying, I imagine it feels not
dialog: unlike being at the center of a
dialog: shark attack.
scene_heading: INT. CAVENDISH OFFICE - DAY
text: He squeezes himself in and manages to hold back the wave of
text: microphone-wielding zombies.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: However, since there is very little
dialog: that can be done to stop it...
dialog: 24.
text: He locks the door and turns looking a bit discombobulated.
text: Across the room, MRS. LATHAM stands wringing her hands.
text: Cavendish reaches into his coat pocket and pulls out a bottle
dialog: of Dom Perignon.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: One may as well try to enjoy it.
text: He smiles which causes her to smile and giggle.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: The highest selling Cavendish title
dialog: prior to the Dermont sweepstakes
dialog: was a cookbook penned by Princess
dialog: Diana’s former horse-groomer. It
dialog: sold 5,214 copies.
text: A moment later the champagne pops and bubbly froth gushes
text: while on the television in the background--
text: A smiling Dermont is led towards the courthouse, through the
text: human sea of reporters, cameras bobbing like the remains of a
dialog: shipwreck.
scene_heading: INT. PRINTING SHOP - DAY - YEAR 2009
text: An old fashioned printing press chugs along, spitting out
dialog: title pages that read: “Knuckle Sandwich, A Novel of My Life
dialog: by Dermot “Dusty” Hoggins.”
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.0O.)
dialog: “Knuckle Sandwich” shifted 300
dialog: hundred thousand, yes, THREE
dialog: HUNDRED thousand copies in less
dialog: than two months, and yes, I am
text: still talking hardcover.
scene_heading: EXT. BOOKSTORE - DAY - YEAR 2009
text: A window is being filled with a major display for glossy new
text: hardcovers of “Knuckle Sandwich.”
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: The American publishers, glory
dialog: glory Hallelujah, they loved the
dialog: Limey-Aristo-Gets-Comeuppance-from-
dialog: Downtrodden-Gaelic-Son hook, and a
text: transatlantic auction skyrocketed
text: the advance to giddy heights.
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: INT. CAVENDISH OFFICE - DAY - YEAR 2009
text: Close as Cavendish opens an envelope. Mrs. Latham stands
text: behind him. When they see the six figure number, she shrieks.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: I, yes, I, Timothy Cavendish, had
dialog: exclusive rights to this platinum
dialog: goose with a bad case of the trots!
scene_heading: EXT. BOOKSTORE - DAY - YEAR 2009
text: A hand plucks the final “Knuckle Sandwich” from the window.
scene_heading: EXT. CAVENDISH OFFICE - DAY
text: The window is opened and Cavendish leans out, looking down to
text: the garbage in the alley below.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: Yet, being a good North Londoner,
dialog: which is to say, a devout
dialog: pessimist, it wasn’t until the
dialog: check arrived from Hollywood for
dialog: the rights to the feature film that
dialog: is in production as I write this,
dialog: that I distinctly recall the
text: exultation of emancipation.
text: From the window he pitches his old, battered chair which
text: shatters on the cobblestones.
scene_heading: EXT. CAVENDISH OFFICE - DAY - YEAR 2009
text: Cavendish leans back bouncing gently in his new high-tech
dialog: Aeron chair.
text: Mrs. Latham spins like a child in her new chair.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: They say success can change a
dialog: person.
scene_heading: INT. TAILOR SHOP - DAY - YEAR 2009
text: Cavendish stands in his underwear, surrounded by the best
text: tailors money can by, flipping through several fabric
text: swatches as he is measured.
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: I say, the only thing success
dialog: changes, is your options.
scene_heading: INT. CAVENDISH OFFICE - DAY - YEAR 2009
text: Cavendish wearing his new suit leans back luxuriantly as he
text: talks on the phone.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: And of course, your phone sheet.
dialog: People who wouldn’t have taken the
dialog: time to scrape me off their shoe
dialog: were calling on the hour.
text: Mrs. Latham signals to him, holding a sign with the name
text: “McCarthy” to which Cavendish shakes his head with thoroughly
text: enjoyed superciliousness, before returning to his call.
scene_heading: EXT. CAVENDISH OFFICE - NIGHT - YEAR 2009
text: Cavendish exits after a magnificent day, looking as dapper as
text: he feels. He locks the office door and strides down the
text: small street, his shiny new walking stick clicking smartly
text: against the cobblestones.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: I was for the briefest of moments,
dialog: Cinderella, living inside my dream
dialog: come true, but alas and alack, all
dialog: dreams perish whence the ticking
text: clock of reality sounds its alarm.
text: Behind him, a car with dark tinted windows starts up and
text: glides in pursuit with the grace of a predatory cat.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: The orison spins as the Archivist speaks as though reading
dialog: from a legal brief.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: Ordinarily, I begin by asking
dialog: prisoners to recall their earliest
dialog: memories to provide a context for
dialog: the corpocratic historians of the
dialog: future.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Fabricants have no earliest
dialog: memories, Archivist.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (CONT'D)
text: One twenty-four-hour cycle in Papa
text: Song's is indistinguishable from
dialog: any other.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: Then why not describe this "cycle.”
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: If you wish.
scene_heading: INT. PAPA SONG’S GALLEY - YELLOW UP - YEAR 2144
text: The cloned servers lay sleeping in pods. Above them a dim
text: ochre glow seeps out from several orbs. Inside one pod, a
text: slightly colored gas swirls waking Sonmi.
text: The pod opens and she climbs out simultaneously with the
text: other clones. No one speaks.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (V.O.)
text: A server is woken at hour four-
text: thirty by stimulin in the airflow.
text: They file one by one into the hygiener, then proceed with
text: assembly line precision to a small locker room where
text: chemically cleaned uniforms arrive just as they do.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: After a minute in the hygiener and
dialog: steamer, we put on fresh uniforms
text: before filing into the dinery.
scene_heading: INT. PAPA SONG’S - YELLOW UP - MONTAGE - YEAR 2144
text: As the lights come up throughout the restaurant, the clones
text: gather for their morning ritual prayer at the plinth of the
dialog: logoman.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (V.O.)
text: At Yellow-Up, we gather around Papa
dialog: Song's Plinth for Matins. We
dialog: recite the Six Catechisms, then our
text: beloved Logoman appears and
text: delivers his Sermon.
text: The Logoman appears as a gigantic 3D hologram and delivers
text: his morning sermon that feels like a recording of someone
dialog: reading from, “Inspirational Quote of the Day.”
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: At hour five we man our tellers
text: around the Hub, ready for the
dialog: elevator to bring the new day's
dialog: first consumers.
text: Consumers begin to arrive and the clones go to work,
text: delivering food and drinks, smiling, moving with efficiency
text: honed through repetition.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: For the following nineteen hours we
dialog: greet diners, input orders, tray
dialog: food, vend drinks, upstock
dialog: condiments, wipe tables, and bin
dialog: garbage all performed in strict
dialog: adherence to First Catechism.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST (V.O.)
dialog: What is the First Catechism?
text: Sonmi cleans the floor as a gang of TEENAGERS hurries past
dialog: her--
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (V.O.)
dialog: “Honor Thy Consumer.”
text: One of them throwing a smack across her ass.
text: She looks at him, her eyes pinned, her feelings hidden
text: beneath her servant’s smile. They all laugh and tumble into
text: the elevator outside of the dinery.
scene_heading: INT. PAPA SONG’S GALLEY - NIGHT
text: Sonmi sits in her sleep-wear, sipping from her packet of
dialog: Soap.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (V.O.)
text: Vespers follows final cleaning,
dialog: then we imbibe one Soapsac in the
dialog: dormroom. That is the blueprint of
dialog: every unvarying day.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: When we see her again we realize how different she is from
dialog: the servant she used to be.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: What did you do during your free-
dialog: time?
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Only purebloods are entitled to
dialog: "free-time," Archivist.
text: He shifts uncomfortably.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: Yes, of course.
text: He consults his notes.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST (CONT’D)
dialog: Did you ever think about the
dialog: future?
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Papa Song server’s only have one
dialog: possible long-term future.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: You mean, “Xultation?”
text: She nods, her eyes like the empty stare of a gun.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST (CONT’D)
dialog: Could you describe this annual Rite
dialog: of Passage?
scene_heading: INT. PAPA SONG’S - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: An ADV instreams images of paradise.
text: The clones gather around the 3D Holo-projection, impressed by
text: the stores and elegantly decorated malls filled with every
dialog: conceivable consumable.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (V.O.)
text: After Matins on First Day, Seer
dialog: Rhee would pin a star on every
text: server's collar.
text: SEER RHEE, Papa Song’s clone supervisor, pins the final 12th
text: star on one of Sonmi’s sisters. Her sisters are excited as
text: they seem capable of being, each hugging her.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: For the “Twelvestarred” it is a
dialog: Momentous occasion. Twelve stars,
dialog: we believed meant an end to our
dialog: contract, an end to our life as
dialog: servers.
dialog: 30.
text: The clone is led by several Papa Song Aides to the bank of
dialog: elevators.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST (V.O.)
dialog: How did you feel when you watched
dialog: on of your sisters Ascend?
text: She rises up, a wide smile on her face as they catch a final
text: glimpse of her.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (V.O.)
dialog: Excitement. I was happy for them.
dialog: But envious as well
text: Sonmi realizes that one of her sisters is not looking up at
text: the elevator bank. Instead she is playing with something
text: that glints in the light. Something that looks like a key.
dialog: This is Yoona-939.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST (V.O.)
dialog: Did your sister servers feel as you
dialog: did?
text: Yoona looks up and catches Sonmi staring at her.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (V.O.)
dialog: +--most of them. Yes.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST (V.O.)
dialog: I’d like to ask you about the
dialog: infamous Yoona-939.
text: Yoona hides the key and smiles the kind of smile that can be
text: shared only by two people in the same prison.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: The memory wells inside Sonmi’s mind like a tear.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Our relationship began... with a
dialog: secret.
scene_heading: EXT. MAUI - DAY - YEAR 2321
text: A beautiful view from a cliff, overlooking the ocean.
speaker_heading: CATKIN
dialog: Uncle Zach, look!
dialog: 31.
text: An enormous hovercraft cruises towards the island, across the
text: glittering bay.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Yay, I see’em.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: The Prescients came to Big Isle for
dialog: barterin’ twice a year.
text: Zachry sits on a rock, his goats scattered around him. His
text: ten year old niece CATKIN sits beside him, staring at the
text: miraculous ship.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Their ship weren’t no mythy yarnin’
dialog: either, creep-crawlin over the
dialog: waves, no sails, no oars, just
dialog: floatin’ on the Smart o’ the Old
dialog: Uns.
text: A bell clangs in the distance followed by the screams of
text: excited children.
speaker_heading: CATKIN
dialog: The Great Barter’1l be startin’
dialog: soon.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Aye. Best go find ya’ma.
text: She nods excited, jumps off the rock but then stops.
speaker_heading: CATKIN
dialog: Wha‘bout you? Ya’comin’?
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (V.O.)
dialog: Time was, I’d go skeeddlin, down
dialog: the hill to meet those ships,
text: elboin’ my way to the front jus’
dialog: like ev’run else.
text: Zachry looks at the ships docking and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: But after Sloosha’s Crossin’, I
dialog: ain’t had the taste for howzittin’
dialog: or smilesome yaysayin’.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Som’uns’ gotta mind these knob
text: head’d buggahs. Y’go on.
dialog: 32.
text: Catkin can’t bring herself to leave her uncle. She climbs
text: back on the rock.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT’D)
dialog: Wha’cha doin’?
speaker_heading: CATKIN
dialog: I best stay with you.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: CATKIN
dialog: Mamma say ya ain’t been right since
dialog: Sloosha’s. She said I gotta keep
dialog: my eye on ya.
text: Zachry smiles.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: So, y’mindin’ me, while I mind the
dialog: goats.
text: She nods authoritatively.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT’D)
dialog: I see, I see.
text: But she can’t hide the disappointment at missing the Barter.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT'D)
dialog: But the problem is, whose gonna
dialog: mind your ma at the Great Barter?
dialog: Y’know she got no tongue for
dialog: hagglin’. Not like you’n’me. What
dialog: if she gives away the ‘hole house?
dialog: Where we gonna sleep?
text: She brightens.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Nope. No, bolt hole out of it.
dialog: You best get down there, rabbit
dialog: quick’n’mind your ma for it’s too
dialog: late. Hurry!
text: She jumps down again.
speaker_heading: CATKIN
dialog: Y’sure you’ll be al’right?
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: I promise. I’11 be home for
dialog: suppin, as long as we got som’where
dialog: t’sup. Now, go on!
text: Smiling, she races down the hill.
scene_heading: EXT. BAILEY DWELLING - DUSK - YEAR 2321
text: Zachry herds the goats towards the slumping building that is
dialog: his family’s home.
text: There is quite a crowd gathered outside. People are looking
text: at him and whispering.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (V.0.)
dialog: Sincewise, thoughts worm ‘round my
dialog: head and I wonder if I’d gone to
dialog: the Great Barter, could I’ave cold
dialog: watered the ‘hole plan, could I’ve
dialog: stopped all the diresome things
dialog: that were about to happen?
scene_heading: INT. BAILEY DWELLING - NIGHT - YEAR 2321
text: Zachry walks in and is immediately shocked by what he sees: a
text: Prescient woman, MERONYM, sitting at the table with his
text: sister ROSE and niece CATKIN.
speaker_heading: CATKIN
dialog: Uncle Zach! Uncle Zach! Lookey
dialog: what Meronym give me!
text: She rushes over to display her glittering new necklace.
speaker_heading: CATKIN (CONT’D)
dialog: And ma gots some spesh new ironware
dialog: pot and I knows Meronym’s got a
dialog: pressie for you too!
text: Zachry looks suspiciously at the stranger.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: What’s goin’ on here, sis?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: We hostin’ a spesh guest, first
dialog: ever Prescient t’live wit’a
dialog: Valleysman. Meronym I’d like to
dialog: intro our man a’the house, my older
dialog: bro, Zachry.
dialog: 34.
text: Meronym glides gracefully from her seat to Zachry. Her skin,
text: much smoother than any Valleysman, is the color of rich, dark
dialog: chocolate.
text: Her blue eyes catch his stare like steel against flint.
text: She reaches her hand out but he ignores it.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: I’m thankin’ ya kindly for hostin’
dialog: my stay in the Valley.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: I ain’t saysooed this, Rose.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Abbess says it’s a great honor.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Why don’t she host her then?
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: ‘Hole Valley knows we got room
dialog: since Sloosha’s.
text: The use of Sloosha’s is like a quick snap of his achilles
dialog: tendon.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: I brought you a gift, Zachry--
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Don’t need no gift from a stranger.
text: He pushes past her and goes to his room.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: I don’t wan’ta ‘cause no strife.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: He’ll be right. He’s like a goat,
dialog: stubborn, hatin’ anything
dialog: diff’rent. I’11 bake him a spice
dialog: cake and he’1ll be right.
scene_heading: INT. BAILEY DWELLIN’ - NIGHT - YEAR 2321
text: It seems like the entire tribe of valleymen has crammed
text: themselves into the Bailey’s home, all come to see the
text: Prescient woman now living there.
text: They ogle her strange clothes, beautiful skin and “smart
dialog: gear.”
dialog: 35.
text: Zachry sits alone in a corner eating a big slice of spice
dialog: cake.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (V.0.)
dialog: Now kin'n'bros'n'lastlife
dialog: fam'ly'n'half-strangers, yay,
dialog: ev'ryun from Mauka to Mormon came
dialog: knockin' to see if Old Ma Yibber
dialog: spoke it true, that a real'n'livin'
dialog: Prescient was stayin' at Bailey's.
dialog: An' they gaped in wonderment like
dialog: Sonmi herself was sittin' in our
dialog: kitchen.
text: A little boy touches her skin as if trying to rub off the
text: darkness. Meronym smiles.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Questions ‘bout Prescience an'
dialog: their whoahsome Ship came pourin'
dialog: thick'n'fast. Why Prescients'd all
dialog: got dark skins like cokeynuts. Why
dialog: weren't Prescience Isle on any map?
dialog: How old do Prescients live?
text: A TRIBESMAN with particularly gravity defying hair raises his
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: TRIBESMAN
dialog: How old are you?
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: Forty.
text: Everyone reacts with whispers, impressed, but also in
dialog: disbelief.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (V.O.)
dialog: Livin' to forty ain't wondersome,
dialog: nay, livin' to forty an’lookin like
dialog: she looked is eery an' ain't
dialog: nat'ral. But the true wyrd thing
dialog: was, Meronym seemed to answer the
dialog: questions, but her answers didn't
dialog: quench your curio none.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER TRIBESMAN
dialog: What makes your Ship move?
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: Fusion engines.
text: The room murmurs, nodding. “Oh-fusion engines it is. Aye,
dialog: aye.”
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (V.0O.)
dialog: No un asked what "fusion engines"
dialog: was ‘cos they din't want to look
dialog: barb'ric or stoopit in front o' the
dialog: gath'rin'. All-o-that answerin’
dialog: done was teached ev'ryun to step
dialog: slywise an' not trust her, nay, not
text: a flea.
text: Chewing his cake like a goat, Zachry watches her out of the
text: corner of his eye.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE
text: She a sly’un.
text: The camera dollies revealing Old Georgie, his thin lips
text: whispering into Zachry’s ear.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE (CONT’D)
text: Schemin’ and wormin’ herself in.
dialog: Watch her, watch her close. She’s
dialog: got seeeecrets.
scene_heading: INT. BAILEY DWELLIN’ ZACHRY’S ROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 2321
text: It is late. Zachry is still awake in his bed, insects droning
text: like an alarm.
text: He concentrates as he hears something from the next room.
text: After a beat he gets up.
scene_heading: INT. BAILEY DWELLIN’ MERONYM’S ROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 2321
text: Through the cracked curtain doorway of Meronym’s room seeps a
text: faint watery glow.
text: Zachry creeps up to it his eyes narrowing as he hears voices.
text: Inside he sees Meronym sitting on the floor, her back to him
text: quietly talking into an eerie blue glow. Zachry hears a man’s
text: voice responding to her but can’t quite hear what they are
dialog: saying.
text: She finishes. Something clicks and the light goes out as
text: Meronym rises. When she turns we see that Zachry is gone.
scene_heading: EXT. TOBACCO FIELDS - DAY - YEAR 1846
text: Ewing and Goose are given a tour of the plantation by
speaker_heading: D’Arnoqg.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: D’ARNOQ
dialog: Reverend Horrox real specific on
dialog: how he wants the plantation run.
dialog: The Georgian Way, best way, he say.
text: The sun bathes the scene with migraine-inducing white light.
speaker_heading: D’ARNOQ (CONT’D)
dialog: The crop is mix of Nicotania
dialog: Tabacum and Perique. Some Criolla
text: we grow on the side of hill over
dialog: there which can be treated for pipe
dialog: or cigars.
text: They walk through the fields where the workers are cutting
text: the leaves.
text: Ewing is soaked with sweat, his sallow skin hanging like a
text: dirty washcloth around his eyes.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: The heat... it’s unbearable.
text: He mops his forehead, looking at the toiling laborers.
text: D’Arnog watches him, unable to say what he would like to say.
speaker_heading: EWING (CONT’D)
dialog: How do they take it?
speaker_heading: D’ARNOQ
dialog: Reverend Horrox says they like the
dialog: camel, bred for the desert. He
dialog: says they don’t feel heat like
dialog: civilized folk.
text: Goose smiles, while examining Ewing.
speaker_heading: GOOSE
dialog: It appears the good Reverend
dialog: understands physiology as well as
dialog: he does theosophy. (to Ewing) We
dialog: should get you out of the sun.
text: Ewing slowly realizes that the “humming” in his ears is
text: steadily growing louder.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: Do you hear that noise?
speaker_heading: D’ARNOQ
text: It’s coming from the camp.
dialog: 38.
scene_heading: EXT. PLANTATION CAMP - DAY - YEAR 1846
text: The camp is surrounded by a stake fence. A hairless older
text: NATIVE raises her head as D’Arnog leads Ewing and Goose past.
text: The entire camp is gathered around a whipping post. Most are
text: sitting on the dirt, rocking slightly as their voices vibrate
text: at the bottom of their throats.
text: There are two distinct classes of race, one lighter than the
dialog: other.
text: A chieftain occupies a throne wearing a feathered cloak.
text: Tattooed gentry, womenfolk and children remain transfixed by
dialog: the violence.
text: The WHIP MASTER is a Goliath, covered in lizard tattoos.
text: With each excoriating lash, the VICTIM shudders; his back a
text: vellum of bloody runes.
text: Ewing almost swoons as the next blow falls and in that
text: moment, the victim raises his head--
text: And looks straight at Ewing and, as if in recognition--
text: The man reaches one of his bloody hands out, almost pointing
dialog: towards Ewing.
text: Ewing is unable to turn away and as the lash falls lacerating
text: flesh, blood and bits of flesh misting the air around the
dialog: head and shoulders--
text: Ewing feels a nausea sweep through his body as--
text: He faints.
scene_heading: INT. THE MUSKET - EWING’S ROOM - DAY - YEAR 1846
text: Ewing wakes as Goose applies a cold rag to his forehead.
speaker_heading: GOOSE
dialog: Ahhhh, there you are. Welcome
dialog: back.
text: Consciousness bobs in the pools of his watery eyes.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: ++. what happened?
text: He looks at Ewing’s dilated pupils.
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: GOOSE
dialog: It is as I suspected: Gusano Coco
dialog: Cervello better known as the
dialog: Polynesian Worm. I once saw a
text: man’s brain after the Worm had
text: finished with him-- like maggoty
dialog: cauliflower, but fear not, this
dialog: particular devil and I are well
dialog: acquainted.
text: The doctor listens to his heart with an odd stethoscope,
text: noticing as he does a comet-shaped birthmark just above
text: Ewing’s heart.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: It was the strangest experience of
dialog: my life, Henry. I tell you, I
dialog: could feel the lash, feel it as
dialog: real as your hand. I felt it land
dialog: and...
text: Goose begins to mix a compound from his apothecary.
speaker_heading: GOOSE
text: A sensorial hallucination probably
dialog: brought on by heatstroke and the
dialog: worm’s reaction to the vermicide.
text: As the parasite dies, its poison
text: sacs will often split and secrete.
dialog: These kinds of experiences are not
dialog: uncommon.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: You're the doctor, you’re probably
dialog: right...
speaker_heading: GOOSE
dialog: I know I am. Now then, urussium
dialog: alkali and orinoco manganese to
dialog: pacify our friend and finally, a
dialog: little laphrydictic myrrh to
text: disintegrate it.
text: He fills an ivory spoon and hands it to Ewing.
speaker_heading: GOOSE (CONT’D)
dialog: Here we go--
text: Ewing inhales the medicine up into his nostrils.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: I don’t know what I would have done
dialog: had our paths not crossed.
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: GOOSE
dialog: Well for starters, you would have
dialog: died.
text: His laugh is like the first shovel of dirt on a metal coffin.
speaker_heading: GOOSE (CONT’D)
dialog: I suggest we leave the good
dialog: Reverend to marvel at the miracles
dialog: of Providence and the inexplicable
dialog: ways that two people can be brought
dialog: together at just the right moment.
dialog: As a man of Science I prefer to
text: suckle at the largess of
text: Serendipity with a tip of the hat
dialog: and a “don’t mind if I do.”
text: Ewing tears with gratitude.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: You are as precious to me, my
dialog: friend, as any diamond.
speaker_heading: GOOSE
dialog: You should feel better, very
dialog: quickly, Adam. A good night’s
dialog: sleep and you should be ready for
dialog: the boat.
scene_heading: EXT. BRUGES - DAY - YEAR 1931
text: The boat arrives at the port of Bruges.
text: Frobisher disembarks, the young seaman pointing, giving him
dialog: directions.
scene_heading: EXT. CHATEAU ZEDELGHEM - DAY - YEAR 1931
text: Frobisher strobes past the rows of Italian poplars, coat
text: flapping, gravel flying as he coasts up to the stately
text: mansion on a bicycle.
text: A muscle-bound VALET working on a Cowley Flat Nose, wipes his
text: hands as he moves to stop Frobisher.
text: Frobisher hops off his bike, leans it against the wall and
text: strides forward without any intention of being stopped.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: I have business with your master.
dialog: 4l.
text: On the porch, sitting in a wheelchair beneath foamy wisteria
text: listening to the radio, is VYVYAN AYRS, mid-70s, though his
text: illness has ravaged him, there remains a vitality behind the
text: sharpness of his eyes.
text: Frobisher stops on the cinder path and kneels like Percival
dialog: to King Arthur.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: Who in the hell are you?
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: It’s a great honor ---
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: I said who in the hell are you?
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: Robert Frobisher, sir, from Saffron
dialog: Walden. I am - I was - a student of
dialog: Sir Trevor Mackerras at Caius
dialog: College, and I've come all the way
dialog: from London to -
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: All the way from London on a
dialog: bicycle?
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: I borrowed the bicycle in Bruges.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: Did you? Must have taken hours.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: A labor of love sir. Like pilgrims
text: climbing hills on their knees.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: What balderdash is this?
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: I wished to prove I am a serious
dialog: applicant.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: Applicant for what?
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: For the post of your amanuesis.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: Are you mad?
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: That’s always a trickier question
dialog: than it seems - but I doubt it.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: Look here, I’ve not advertised for
dialog: an amanuesis!
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: I know, sir, but you need one, even
dialog: if you don't know it yet. The Times
dialog: piece said that you're unable to
dialog: compose new works because of your
dialog: illness. I can't allow your music
dialog: to be lost. It's far, far too
dialog: precious. So I'm here to offer you
dialog: my services.
text: Ayrs wheels for a closer look at him.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: One of Mackerras’ shooting stars
dialog: are you?
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: Frankly sir, he loathed me.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: He did, did he? Why might that be?
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: I called his Sixth Concerto for
text: Flute (pauses, then:) a slave to
text: prepubescent Saint-Saens at his
dialog: most florid in the college
dialog: magazine.
text: Ayrs wheezes as if his ribs were being sawed.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (CONT'D)
dialog: He took it personally.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: Oh, I’1l bet he took it personally.
text: In the gleam that sparkles in the corner of Ayrs’ weathered
text: eyes, there is a moment of recognition.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: Give me a chance sir. I promise
dialog: you won't be disappointed.
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: INT. AYAR’S CHATEAU - MUSIC SALON - DAY - YEAR 1931
text: Frobisher sits down at the piano; sitting on the top of the
text: piano is a ceramic statue of St. George and the Dragon.
text: He has to move it to open the keyboard.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: St. George and the Dragon. Reminds
dialog: me that composing is a Crusade.
dialog: Sometimes you slay the dragon.
dialog: Sometimes the dragon slays you.
text: AYRS slowly moves towards his divan, easing himself into
dialog: repose.
speaker_heading: AYRS (CONT'D)
dialog: All right then... Frobisher?
dialog: Frobisher, is it?
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: Yes sir.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: I’ve had this little melody for
dialog: viola rattling about my head for
dialog: months. Let’s see if you can get
dialog: it down.
text: AYRS sits down, closes his eyes; his hand gently begins to
dialog: waver.
text: Frobisher readies his pen and blank music sheets.
speaker_heading: AYRS (CONT’D)
dialog: Tar, tar... tattytattytatty-tar.
text: Soft, simple at first: tatty tatty
dialog: tar. Got it?
text: Frobisher has no idea what he’s talking about.
speaker_heading: AYRS (CONT’D)
dialog: Now it gets interesting. Tar!
dialog: Tatty-tar! Quiet, hold, then--tar-
dialog: tartar-tar-tar-ttttt-TAR!
speaker_heading: TARTARTAR!
text: Frobisher’s pen remains frozen.
speaker_heading: AYRS (CONT’D)
dialog: Good. Play that back.
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: Uh, would love to, sir. What key
dialog: are we in?
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: What key? B-flat of course!
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: And the time signature?
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: For Christ’s sake, did you hear it
dialog: or not?
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: I just need a little more--
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: You need? My dear boy, who is
dialog: working for whom here?
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: I apologize sir--
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: Are you an amanuensis or an
dialog: apologist? Now pay attention. Four-
dialog: eight, changing to eight-eight
dialog: after the twelfth bar. If you can
dialog: count that high.
text: Frobisher stuffs his response back down his throat and makes
dialog: the notations.
speaker_heading: AYRS (CONT’D)
dialog: Semiquaver, B-G; semibrave A-flat-
dialog: hold for four beats, no six
dialog: crotchets... tar, tar,
dialog: tattytattytatty, tar... F sharp,
dialog: hold, then B! Okay, let me hear
dialog: it.
text: Frobisher wipes his sweating hands on his thighs.
text: Tentatively, he begins to play.
text: The music sounds sweet at first, Ayr’s closing his eyes but
text: certain notes seem awkward, like teeth-breaking, un-popped
text: kernels in a mouthful of popcorn.
speaker_heading: AYR’S
dialog: Stop. Please. You’re hurting me.
dialog: You must have misheard me, I said I
dialog: had a melody not a malady.
dialog: 45.
text: Across the room, Ayr’s wife, JOCASTA VAN OUTRYVE DE
text: CROMMELYNCK (40s) enters.
speaker_heading: JOCASTA
dialog: Vyvyan...
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: Jocasta! Deliver me.
text: Ayrs reaches for his wife and begins to climb up from his
dialog: divan.
speaker_heading: JOCASTA
dialog: What’s going on here? Who is this?
speaker_heading: AYRS
text: This is an exercise in futility.
speaker_heading: JOCASTA
dialog: I see. Should I be introduced?
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: There’s really no point. The boy
dialog: is as useful as the clap.
dialog: Fortunately he’1l be much easier to
dialog: get rid of.
text: Leaning on his wife’s arm, he heads for the door.
speaker_heading: AYRS (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m feeling rather tired. I think
dialog: I shall retire early. Would you be
dialog: a dear and have Hendricks see the
dialog: boy out?
speaker_heading: JOCASTA
dialog: Of course.
text: Frobisher feels his opportunity slipping away. He stares at
text: the scribbled notations; his fingers barely touch the keys,
dialog: hovering.
text: He closes his eyes and leaps.
text: The music whispers across the room as gentle and intimate as
dialog: a lover letter.
text: Jocasta stops to listen. Both are spell bound as he plays.
speaker_heading: JOCASTA (CONT'D)
dialog: What is that?
dialog: It isn’t exactly what AYRS heard in his head--
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: JOCASTA (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s beautiful.
dialog: But it’s close enough.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: That’s it... yes, that’s it! My
dialog: melody!
text: A smile lights the corners of Frobisher’s nod.
speaker_heading: JOCASTA
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: His name is Robert Frobisher. He
dialog: is my new amanuensis.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - NIGHT - YEAR 1973
text: It has been a while. The air is stale and thin, their skin
text: waxy with sweat. Yet, they are sitting closer and smiling.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: You actually interviewed Hitchcock?
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: I guess you could say that. I hada
dialog: tape recorder and asked him
dialog: questions but he didn’t really
dialog: answer them. He spoke in bon mots,
dialog: not to you, but to the ear of
dialog: posterity. He told me his best
dialog: works were roller coasters. I
dialog: pursued that idea. I told him I
dialog: thought what was essential to his
dialog: and most of Hollywood’s success was
dialog: the partition or containment of the
dialog: terror; so long as the Bates Motel
dialog: is sealed off from our world, we
dialog: want to peer in, but a film that
dialog: shows us that our world IS the
dialog: Bates Motel, well, that’s the stuff
dialog: of Buchenwald, too dark, too
dialog: depressing. We’ll dip our toes into
text: a predatory, amoral, godless
dialog: universe, but only our toes.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: What bon mot did he offer to that?
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: (imitating Hitchcock) My dear young
dialog: lady, I am a director in Hollywood.
dialog: If it’s painful truth you require,
dialog: go see a dentist.
text: The old man’s laugh brightens their cell.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: I saw Psycho recently again, with
dialog: my niece. We loved it.
text: He reaches into his pocket and pulls out his wallet. He
text: shows her a picture of a young woman in a lab coat.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN (CONT’D)
dialog: That’s her. Megan.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: She’s lovely.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Born physicist with a better mind
dialog: for mathematics than I ever had.
text: Did her Ph.D at Cambridge. A woman
dialog: at Caius! Gives you hope for the
dialog: world.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Any children of your own?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: No, no... been married to science
dialog: all my life I suppose. What about
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Me neither. Never met the right
dialog: person, I suppose.
text: He puts his wallet away and mops the sweat from his forehead
text: with a handkerchief.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY (CONT’D)
dialog: God, it’s hot...
text: She pulls her shirt up, exposing her stomach. On the side of
text: her ribs is a comet-shaped birthmark.
text: The old man notices it and a tingle shoots up his spine.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: That’s a very... peculiar
dialog: birthmark.
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Yeah, my mom was sure it was going
dialog: to be cancerous and kept trying to
dialog: get me to remove it, but... I kinda
dialog: like it.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: I knew someone who had a birthmark
dialog: that was... similar to that.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Really? That’s pretty Twilight
dialog: Zone-y?
text: The old man nods.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Indeed.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Who was it?
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Someone I cared about... very much.
text: He looks at her intensely for a moment as if trying to see
text: something microscopic or beneath the surface.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: A hypothetical question, Ms. Rey:
dialog: as a journalist, what would you pay
dialog: to protect a source?
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: If I believed in the issue? Any.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Prison?
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: If it came to it, yes.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Would you be prepared to...
dialog: compromise your safety?
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: My father braved booby-trapped
dialog: Marshes and the wrath of generals
dialog: for the sake of his journalistic
dialog: integrity. What kind of a mockery
dialog: of his life would it be if his
dialog: daughter bailed when things got a
dialog: little tough?
dialog: 49.
text: The old man nods, staring at her and prepares to unburden
dialog: himself of a terrible secret when--
text: The elevator lurches, rumbles and resumes its descent.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH RISE LOBBY - NIGHT - YEAR 1973
text: The elevator opens. He gestures, allowing her to step outside
text: first. Some sense of them being strangers has returned.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: It was...
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: A pleasure being trapped with you.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Let’s do it again some time.
text: She digs in her purse for a card.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY (CONT’D)
dialog: If there’s ever something I can do
dialog: for you, please give me a call.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Thank you. I will.
text: She turns to leave but something suddenly stops her.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: I just realized, I don’t even know
dialog: your name.
text: He reaches out his hand to her.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: Sixsmith. Dr. Rufus Sixsmith.
scene_heading: INT. CAVENDISH’S BATHROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 2009
text: Timothy is on his porcelain throne, reading an article on the
dialog: rising star of the publishing business, Timothy Cavendish.
text: There is suddenly a violent crash from outside.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: What ---
text: He barely has time to consider the sound, when the door to
text: the bathroom explodes open. Filling the frame are three
text: large men; Dermot’s brothers, EDDIE, MOZZA and JARVIS.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Tim-o-tee Cavendish, I presume.
speaker_heading: MOZZA
dialog: Caught with your cacks down!
text: Cavendish, still on the toliet, tries to remain calm.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: My business hours are eleven to
dialog: two. My secretary would be happy
dialog: to schedule you an appointment.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Friends like us don’t need
dialog: appointments.
speaker_heading: JARVIS
dialog: We like it all cozy like this.
text: He flicks his cigarette ash on Cavendish’s thigh.
speaker_heading: MOZZA
dialog: Visited Dermot today. He had a
dialog: question for you.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Where’s our fockin’ money?
text: Cavendish clears his throat.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Boys, boys, look here. Dermot
dialog: signed a copyright-transfer
dialog: contract, legally the--
text: Jarvis grabs the toilet plunger and jams it against
text: Cavendish’s throat.
speaker_heading: JARVIS
dialog: Dermot never signed no fockin’
dialog: contract for the event of the
dialog: fockin’ season!
text: Cavendish gurgles.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Perhaps... er, ack, we might moot a
dialog: provisional sum... as a basis
dialog: for... on-going negotiation.
text: Eddie taps Jarvis who releases Cavendish.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Okeydokey. What sum we gonna moot?
speaker_heading: JARVIS
dialog: Fifty K will do for good faith.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Fifty thousand pounds?!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Tomorrow afternoon.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: This is a publishing house. Do you
dialog: think we just keep money lying
dialog: around in shoe boxes?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: We don’t give a flying fock where
dialog: you get it, grandpops, just make
dialog: sure you do.
speaker_heading: JARVIS
dialog: Cash.
speaker_heading: MOZZA
dialog: No bollocks. No checks.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: Old fashioned money. A shoe box
dialog: will do fine.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Gentlemen, the law says---
speaker_heading: JARVIS
dialog: The law?
text: They burst into laughter. Eddie leans in, his smile like a
text: broken bottle.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Whad the law do for Felix Fockin
dialog: Finch?
text: Cavendish’s adam’s apple bobs.
scene_heading: INT. CAVENDISH PUBLISHING - DAY - 2009
text: Cavendish paces trying to control his panic.
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: MRS. LATHAM
dialog: I can go through it again, Mr.
dialog: Cavendish but I think the total’s
dialog: right: 2,343 pounds and 16 pence.
dialog: That’s all that’s left.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: How is that possible?! Money was
text: pouring in.
scene_heading: MRS. LATHAM
dialog: Debts mostly, Mr. Cavendish.
dialog: Solvency has its drawbacks.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: This can’t be happening.
scene_heading: MRS. LATHAM
dialog: Sir? You won’t let them take our
dialog: chairs, will you?
text: Exasperated he heads for his office.
scene_heading: INT. CAVENDISH OFFICE - DAY - YEAR 2009
text: The inner sanctum. Cavendish stares into his wall safe, empty
text: except a small black leather book.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: The situation looked dire, but I
dialog: knew that Timothy Cavendish’s
dialog: capital in this town could not be
dialog: defined by an accountant’s balance
dialog: sheet. It was high time to take
dialog: stock.
text: He lifts the little black book.
text: Cavendish is on the phone, working his contacts.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (CONT’D)
dialog: McCluskie! How are those delightful
dialog: kiddies of yours?
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKIE (V.O.)
dialog: Fine, thank you.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: McCluskie? I need eighty thousand
dialog: pounds.
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: MCCLUSKIE (V.O.)
dialog: Right... Mr. Cavendish, I’m afraid
dialog: your performance- linked credit
dialog: stream still has a twelve-month
dialog: flow horizon before resizing could
dialog: be feasibly optioned.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Ok, How about sixty thousand?
text: LATER: Cavendish’s fingers delicately fondle the veneer of
dialog: his desk.
speaker_heading: KIRPAL SINGH (V.O.)
dialog: Charles Dickens’s desk you say?
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Yes, you heard right. Charles
dialog: Dickens's own, original, authentic
dialog: writing desk for auction at
dialog: Sotheby's with a reserve price of
dialog: sixty thousand. I think that’s
dialog: quite fair.
speaker_heading: KIRPAL SINGH (V.O.)
dialog: I’m sorry sir, but our records
dialog: indicate that the desk is already
dialog: accounted for by the Dickens House
dialog: museum.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Ok, how about Sir Arthur Conan
dialog: Doyle’s desk?
text: LATER: Another call, his phone book open to the last page in
text: front of him.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (CONT’D)
dialog: Ah mon cher, tis “Cavendish the
dialog: Ravenous,” your favourite Timothy--
text: The line clicks dead.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (CONT'D)
dialog: Mon cher?
text: He tosses the book in the waste paper basket.
text: His fingers claw through his thinning hair. The office seems
text: unbearably hot and he struggles to crack open the heavily
text: painted sash.
dialog: 54.
text: As he gulps at the air, he notices an old framed picture; two
text: young boys, dimpled smiles from another age, his older
text: brother’s arm around his neck.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: In the darkness, I suddenly saw the
dialog: light. Blood has always trumped
dialog: water. If the Hogginses brutes
dialog: wanted to turn this into a family
dialog: affair, they’d find the Cavendish
dialog: Clan more than ready for the task
text: at hand.
scene_heading: EXT. DENHOLME CAVENDISH’S PATIO - DAY
text: DENHOLME CAVENDISH glares across his swimming pool as his
text: brother steps down his patio.
speaker_heading: DENHOLME
dialog: Oh, Satan's gonads, not again.
dialog: Look, just bugger off and leave us
dialog: in peace. I'll only ask you nicely
dialog: once.
text: Denholme is trawling for leaves with a big net on a pole.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: It’s good to see you Denny.
text: Denholme scoops a fistful of soggy leaves from the net.
speaker_heading: DENHOLME
dialog: I'm not lending you a ruddy
dialog: farthing until you pay back the
dialog: last lot. Why must I forever be
dialog: giving you handouts? No. Don't
dialog: answer.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Denny, I've had a minor run-in with
dialog: the wrong sort. If I can't get my
dialog: hands on sixty thousand pounds, I'm
text: going to take an awful beating.
speaker_heading: DENHOLME
dialog: Get them to video it for us. Now
dialog: fuck off.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: I'm not joking, Denholme.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: DENHOLME
dialog: Nor am I! So, you're shoddy at
dialog: being duplicitous. What of it? Why
dialog: is this my problem?
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: We're brothers! Don't you have a
dialog: conscience?
speaker_heading: DENHOLME
text: Couple of Xanax and a Pimm’s cup
dialog: should set me right.
text: Cavendish crosses to his brother, hands searching for some
dialog: kind of lifeline.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Help, Denny. Please.
text: Denholme readies another volley of expletives when his wife
text: Georgette calls from the sliding door.
speaker_heading: GEORGETTE
dialog: Den? Who on earth are you talking
dialog: to? Oh--
text: The three of them look at each other. An awkward silence
text: falls like a squall.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Hello Georgette.
speaker_heading: GEORGETTE
dialog: Uh, hello Tim.
text: Denholme stews when suddenly a light goes on in his head. He
text: smiles and whispers to his brother.
speaker_heading: DENHOLME
dialog: Alright, Tim. Sixty thousand...
dialog: that’s going to take me some time.
dialog: But in the interim, I know the
dialog: perfect place for you to hide.
scene_heading: INT. PAPA SONG’S GALLEY- NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: Sonmi’s pod cracks open. She blinks, disoriented. The
text: lights are still off. Yoona-939 leans in and “shhhhhs” her
text: with a finger to her lips.
text: She gestures for her to follow. Confused, Sonmi climbs out
text: of her pod and passes by all her sleeping sisters.
dialog: 56.
scene_heading: INT. PAPA SONG’S - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: The dinery is shut down, still and cold. The only small
text: light is coming from the office. Yoona leads her towards it.
text: Seer Rhee is slumped over his desk, drool glueing his chin to
dialog: his sony.
speaker_heading: YOONA-939
dialog: He drinks Soap. Purebloods
dialog: shouldn’t do that.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: What happens to him when he does?
speaker_heading: YOONA-939
text: He giggles madly for an hour, then
text: passes out.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: What if he wakes? This is wrong,
dialog: Yoona. We shouldn’t be here.
text: Yoona lifts him by the hair.
speaker_heading: YOONA-939
dialog: He never wakes up. Not without
dialog: Stimulin. Like us in our pods.
dialog: He’s lived with Fabricants so long,
dialog: he’s nearly one of us.
text: She drops him with a thunk.
speaker_heading: YOONA-939 (CONT'D)
dialog: Come.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: YOONA-939
dialog: You wanted to know what a secret
dialog: was. I am going to show you.
text: She leads her to the back of the dinery, to a small blank
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: YOONA-939 (CONT’D)
dialog: What do you see?
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Nothing.
text: Yoona pulls out the key she was playing with previously and
text: inserts it into a small hole. A door slides open silently.
dialog: 57.
text: Yoona smiles and gestures into the darkness. Nervously,
text: Sonmi steps inside.
scene_heading: INT. PAPA SONG’S - STORE ROOM - YEAR 2144
text: Yoona follows her in and the door slides shut.
speaker_heading: YOONA-939
dialog: Now, sister Sonmi, you are inside a
dialog: secret.
text: A white blade slices open the dark, revealing the contents of
text: the store room: shelves with silicon plants, shrink wrapped
text: dispenser packets, forgotten coats and umbrellas.
text: She aims the light at a section of the closet labeled “Lost
dialog: and Found.”
text: Inside a plastic box, Yoona removes an older model sony, a
dialog: handy device to play recordings of all kind.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: A sony? We’re not allowed--
speaker_heading: YOONA-939
dialog: Hush, sister. No one will ever
dialog: know.
text: She sits and beckons Sonmi as Eve tempted with fruit. Sonmi
text: sits bedside her.
text: Yoona hits a button and a semi-3d image appears. It isa
text: scene from a film. An older ACTOR who bears a small
text: resemblance to Timothy Cavendish rises proudly and announces--
scene_heading: CAVENDISH LOOK-A-LIKE
dialog: This is a violation of the ruddy
dialog: Incarceration Act! I will not be
dialog: subjugated to criminal abuse!
text: He storms out of the white, hospital-like room, throwing open
text: the doors and as he exits--
text: The image blooms as if suddenly over-exposed, then freezes
text: for a moment before repeating.
text: The two Fabricants stare at the secret image and as it plays
text: again, Yoona mouths the words with the actor.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST (V.O.)
dialog: Why didn’t you report Yoona-939 to
dialog: Seer Rhee the next day?
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: The orison spinning is the only sound as Sonmi considers her
dialog: answer.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: I couldn’t.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Because she trusted me.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: But your actions violated the Fifth
dialog: Catechism.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Yes. That’s true.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: How did you justify this
dialog: transgression?
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: She was my friend.
text: Her answer surprises him.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: I didn’t realize Fabricants had
dialog: friends.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: There is much that Purebloods do
dialog: not realize about Fabricants.
dialog: Isn’t that the reason I am here?
text: He squirms a bit and then continues.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: Please describe the events of March
dialog: 23rd from your perspective.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: I was wiping tables along the vidy-
dialog: bay. I had a clear view of the
dialog: elevator bank.
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: INT. PAPA SONG’S - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: Sonmi is cleaning her tables. Across the dinery, Yoona is
text: serving a screaming party of children.
text: Sonmi watches as Yoona stops smiling. Her mouth begins
text: mouthing the words from the video; “I will not be subjugated
dialog: to criminal abuse.”
text: Suddenly she lifts one of the children and runs out of the
dialog: dinery.
text: Pandemonium, screaming, crowds fleeing from her path,
text: enforcers radioing for help; all seen through the surreal
text: silence behind the window, the sound blocked by the plexi.
text: Yoona uses the child’s hand to call the elevator. They get
text: in and the door closes.
text: Emotion floods into her, as Sonmi tries to hold onto her
text: fading smile.
text: From a distance, we can hear the muffled sound of gunfire.
text: The parent of the child continues screaming until the
text: elevator returns.
text: An Enforcer hands the child to the parent.
text: Yoona’s bloody body lays on the floor.
text: Sonmi continues wiping even though she cannot look away, an
text: unbearable sadness, like a secret behind her eyes.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (V.O.)
dialog: It was my first experience of
dialog: death.
scene_heading: INT. AYRS’ ROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 1931
text: We drift towards Ayrs’ body; we cannot tell whether he is
dialog: alive or dead.
text: Frobisher stands beside the bed, staring with a confused
text: expression at the object in his hand--
text: A Luger pistol.
scene_heading: EXT. PLANTATION CAMP - DAY - YEAR 1846
text: Close on the bound hands of the young man being whipped.
dialog: 60.
text: He looks up and reaches towards us as--
scene_heading: EXT. SWANEKKE ISLAND BRIDGE - NIGHT - YEAR 1973
text: Luisa Rey drives her Volkswagen as fast as it can go away
dialog: from Swannekke Island.
text: A blue sedan that looks like an unmarked police car, pulls up
text: along side her.
text: She sees the man driving the car only for an instant before
text: he swerves into her--
text: Slamming her car through the guardrail and flying out over
dialog: the edge.
scene_heading: INT. BAILEY DWELLING - ZACHRY’S ROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 2321
text: Zachry bolts awake, scared out of his mind.
scene_heading: EXT. ABBESS DWELLING - DAWN - YEAR 2321
text: Zachry pounds on the door until the Abbess opens it.
speaker_heading: ABBESS
dialog: Zachry Bailey?
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: A dream, Abbess. Sorrysome for
dialog: wakin’you but I know somethin’
text: diresome’s gon’a’ppen.
speaker_heading: ABBESS
dialog: Come in, come in.
scene_heading: INT. ABBESS DWELLING - DAWN - YEAR 2321
text: The Abbess sways, her eyes closed, holding onto Zachry’s
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: ABBESS
dialog: Tis true, Old Georgie’s a’hungerin’
dialog: for your soul.
text: Zachry whimpers.
speaker_heading: ABBESS (CONT'D)
dialog: He spit a cuss on your dreams.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: I know’d it, ohhh, I know’d it.
speaker_heading: ABBESS
dialog: But Sonmi can protect you.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Sonmi?!
speaker_heading: ABBESS
dialog: She cares for all her flock. But
dialog: you got to mind her warnin’.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: What warnin’?
text: The Abbess channels the voice of their protector.
speaker_heading: ABBESS
dialog: “Enemy’s sleepin’, don’t slit that
text: throat. Hands’a’bleedin’, mus’nt
dialog: let go. Bridge a’burnin’, your
dialog: path lies below.”
text: Her body sags, weak from the effort.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: An augurin’...
speaker_heading: ABBESS
dialog: Trust Sonmi, Zachry. Keep her
dialog: warnin’ with you, nail it to your
dialog: mem’ry and She will protect you.
text: Zachry mouths the words, trying to memorize them.
scene_heading: INT. PAPA SONG’S GALLEY - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: Colored gas swirls wake Sonmi-451 in her pod. All the other
text: clones stay asleep.
text: The door is cracked open, glowing amber light spilling into
text: the galley. Sonmi climbs out of her bed, drawn to the noises
text: from the main room.
scene_heading: INT. PAPA SONG’S - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: Her bare feet step timidly towards the office. Peering
text: through the open door, she sees Seer Rhee sprawled on the
text: floor, blood and mucus draining from his nose. Next to him is
text: an overturned box of Soap.
dialog: 62.
text: A man in his thirties, dressed in black, is going through the
text: digital files. His name is CHANG.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Hello Sonmi-451. There is no
dialog: reason to hide.
text: Sonmi nervously steps out of the shadows.
speaker_heading: CHANG (CONT'D)
dialog: My name is Chang.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: What has happened to Seer Rhee?
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Officially-- Soap overdose.
dialog: Nothing more pathetic than a
text: Pureblood hooked on Soap.
text: He picks up the box of Soap.
speaker_heading: CHANG (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s unfortunate that it had to
dialog: happen now with everything going so
dialog: well because it’s probable that the
text: Enforcers and the DNA sniffers will
dialog: find out about you, about your
dialog: midnight strolls, your connection
dialog: to Yoona-939 and possibly even the
dialog: un-sanctioned thoughts that have
dialog: been going on in your head. If they
dialog: do, you will be decommissioned.
text: Sonmi experiences her first real taste of fear.
speaker_heading: CHANG (CONT’D)
dialog: Your choice: you can remain here,
dialog: suffer the consequences of your
dialog: probable discovery or you can come
dialog: with me.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST (V.O.)
dialog: Why did you go with him?
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: The Archivist checks his sony-file.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Fear.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: Fear of what?
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: I knew that if I didn’t do
dialog: something soon, what had happened
dialog: to Yoona was going to happen to me.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PROPHETESS - DAY - YEAR 1846
text: The ship has set its sails and is leaving the island behind.
speaker_heading: EWING (V.0O.)
dialog: Friday the 15th. We made sail with
text: the morning tide.
scene_heading: INT. THE PROPHETESS - ADAM EWING’S CABIN - DAY - YEAR 1846
text: Pale-faced and sweating, Ewing is writing, his journal poised
text: awkwardly on his knees in bed while a few men deposit barrels
text: of sundry provisions and a bolt of sailcloth in his room.
speaker_heading: EWING (V.0O.)
dialog: Mr. Boerhaave had my cabin changed.
dialog: I have been quarantined to a
text: storeroom away from the other
dialog: passengers and crew. Henry argued
dialog: in vain that the Polynesian Worm is
dialog: not contagious. Hardly matters. All
dialog: I want to do right now, is sleep.
text: A young sailor, RAPHAEL, throws another barrel in front of
text: Ewing to the ground.
speaker_heading: RAPHAEL
dialog: Apologies, Mr. Ewing, it’s by order
dialog: of Mr. Boerhaave. No other space
dialog: left for late deliveries, he said.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: I know... it’s not your fault,
dialog: Raphael.
speaker_heading: RAPHAEL
dialog: You don’t look well, sir.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: Your concern is much appreciated.
dialog: 64.
scene_heading: INT. FROBISHER’S BEDROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 1931
text: Frobisher soaks in his bed, swathed in silk sheets and down-
text: stuffed duvets reading a book and enjoying a cigarette.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: Sixsmith. Received your post
dialog: yesterday. Really, old boy, your
dialog: concern couldn’t be more misplaced.
dialog: Did I not tell you I had a Plan?
dialog: The book is “The Pacific Journal of Adam Ewing.”
scene_heading: INT. AYR’S CHATEAU - MUSIC ROOM - DAY - YEAR 1931
text: Ayr’s reclines on his divan conducting with a cigarette as
text: Frobisher tries to play the piano while scribbling notes.
text: The voices and music are heard beneath the voice-over.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: Is it not miraculous how one’s
dialog: fortune can turn so quickly, so
dialog: completely? One moment, leaping
text: from a hotel window, the next,
dialog: gainfully employed by one of the
dialog: world’s greatest living composers.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: Semiquaver, B-G, semibreve, A-flat,
dialog: hold it for four beats-- no six
dialog: crochets!
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: Then, F sharp and B, yes?
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: Yes! Yes! Tar-tatty-tatty-tarrrrr.
text: Now, now Frobisher, the clarinet is
dialog: the concubine, the violas are yew
text: trees in the cemetery and the
dialog: clavichord is the moon... A minor,
text: sixteenth bar floating onwards...
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: Ayrs is one of the few composers I
dialog: want my own creativity informed by.
text: Musicologically he is Janus-headed.
text: Watching him use counterpoint and
dialog: mix colors is exhilarating but not
text: nearly as much as when he stops to
dialog: ask my opinion.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: More than a few of my suggestions
dialog: have been incorporated. Quite
dialog: sobering. Mark my words, Sixsmith,
dialog: people in the future will be
dialog: studying this music.
text: Frobisher’s quill flies as the music is created between them.
scene_heading: INT. FROBISHER’S BEDROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 1931
text: Frobisher is out of bed, frustrated, digging through the
text: bookshelves.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: Must try to get some sleep. You
dialog: know how music stimulates me.
dialog: Trying to be a good boy. Rutting my
text: way through the bedroom
dialog: bookshelves. Your fevered
dialog: cockswain.
text: On the bed is the open book which we see has been torn in
dialog: half.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: P.S. Got hooked into a journal
text: written by a dying lawyer on a
dialog: voyage from a Pacific Isle to San
dialog: Francisco around the time of the
dialog: gold rush. The author, Adam Ewing
dialog: puts me in mind of Melville’s
text: bumbler Captain Delano, blind to
dialog: all conspirators- he has a friend,
dialog: a trusty Dr. Goose who he hasn’t
text: spotted is obviously a vampire,
text: fueling his hypochondria in order
dialog: to poison him for his money.
text: The second half of the book is nowhere to be found.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: To my great annoyance, the pages
text: cease, mid-sentence. Half the book
text: is missing. Searched high and low.
dialog: No luck. It’s completely killing
dialog: me. Could you be a mensch and when
dialog: you’re next foraging at the Ottos’s
dialog: Book’s, make an inquiry?
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: INT. TALBOT MOTEL - NIGHT - YEAR 1973
text: Dr. Rufus Sixsmith sits on the bedside of his hotel room next
text: to a stack of old envelopes. He has randomly chosen one of
dialog: the letters his love wrote him over 40 years ago.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: A half-finished book is, after all,
text: a half-finished love affair.
text: Close on the television where a news conference is being
text: broadcast of Swannekke Island. ALBERTO GRIMALDI, CEO of the
text: nuclear power based company Seaboard, addresses an audience.
speaker_heading: GRIMALDI (ON TV)
dialog: Our great nation suffers from a
dialog: debilitating addiction and its name
dialog: is oil.
text: Sixsmith looks up to the TV.
speaker_heading: GRIMALDI (ON TV) (CONT'D)
dialog: In confronting this problem, some
text: bury their heads in the sand, some
dialog: fantasize about wind turbines and
dialog: (smiles wryly) pig gas. (audience
dialog: chuckles) But I am here today to
dialog: tell you that the cure for oil is
dialog: right here, right now, on Swannekke
dialog: Island.
text: On the bed, next to the letters, is a thick bound report
dialog: entitled: “The HYDRA-Zero Reactor -- An Operational
dialog: Assessment Model -- Project Head Dr. Rufus Sixsmith --
dialog: Unauthorized Possession is a Federal Crime Under the Military
dialog: and Industrial Espionage Act.”
text: Sixsmith shakes his head.
speaker_heading: SIXSMITH
dialog: And when the hydrogen buildup blows
text: the roof off the containment
dialog: center? When prevailing winds
dialog: shower radiation all across
dialog: California?
text: As if in response, the telephone rings.
speaker_heading: SIXSMITH (CONT’D)
dialog: Megan?
text: A brusque male voice answers.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: DEEP VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: They’re coming.
speaker_heading: SIXSMITH
dialog: Who is this?
speaker_heading: DEEP VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: They traced your last call to this
dialog: hotel. Get out of there now. They
dialog: are going to kill you.
text: The words suck the air form his lungs.
speaker_heading: DEEP VOICE (0.S.) (CONT’D)
dialog: You’ve got twenty minutes, max.
text: Dial tone, a droning eternity.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT - NIGHT - YEAR 1973
text: Sixsmith is at the counter.
speaker_heading: SIXSMITH
dialog: It’s terribly important that I
dialog: leave tonight.
speaker_heading: AIRLINE REP
dialog: I’m sure it is, sir but we got an
dialog: air-traffic-control strike and
text: acres of stranded passengers.
dialog: Tomorrow is the best I can do.
speaker_heading: SIXSMITH
dialog: All right... I understand. Thank
dialog: you.
text: He turns away, visibly shaken. He pulls his handkerchief
text: from his pocket and when he does he finds ---
text: Luisa Rey’s card.
scene_heading: INT. LUISA’S APARTMENT - NIGHT - YEAR 1973
text: In the dark, a phone begins to ring. Luisa reaches for the
text: alarm but when it doesn’t stop, the fog of sleep lifts and
text: she grabs the phone.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Hello?
dialog: She hauls
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: SIXSMITH (V.O.)
dialog: Hello Ms. Rey. I am frightfully
dialog: sorry for calling at this hour. I
dialog: started writing a letter but the
dialog: only address I have is your
dialog: magazine and I was worried it might
dialog: not reach you.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Dr. Sixsmith?
speaker_heading: SIXSMITH (V.O.)
dialog: I know it seems absurd that we just
dialog: met- in an elevator, for God’s
dialog: sake, but I have this feeling that
dialog: I have known you much longer.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Where are you?
speaker_heading: SIXSMITH (V.O.)
dialog: The Airport Sheraton.
text: herself out of bed.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: I’m on my way.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN CAR - DAY - YEAR 2009 / YEAR 1957
text: Midland landscape rushes past the window. Cavendish finally
text: relaxes aboard a train.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: I knew I could count on Dennie. A
dialog: safe place to lay low was exactly
dialog: what I needed. Soon after the
text: initial exhilaration of a journey
dialog: begun, I felt my guard begin to
dialog: drop.
text: He is reading a manuscript for a novel, entitled: “Half-
text: Lives, A Luisa Rey Mystery” by JAVIER GOMEZ.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: It was while reading a new
text: submission, a surprisingly clever
dialog: little young-hack-takes-on-
dialog: corporate-corruption ditty, when a
dialog: powerful deja vu ran through my
dialog: bones.
dialog: 69.
text: He stares out the window. The landscape evokes forgotten
dialog: feelings inside Cavendish.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I had been here before; a train
dialog: just like this one gliding past the
text: same smear of landscape. Suddenly
dialog: I was no longer Cavendish the
dialog: elder, Squanderer of Life but...
text: Cavendish sees another reflection in the window: the camera
text: moves revealing a 19-YEAR-OLD CAVENDISH, insecure, red
text: cheeked, nervously waiting for the train to reach the
text: upcoming station.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: «+. a young virile, bohemian, on a
dialog: train to Little Chesterford, a
text: single thought, like a scratched
dialog: record, turning over and over in
dialog: his mind; “Ursula.”
text: The sign for “Little Chesterford Station” crawls past his
text: window; the sound of the braking train, like a siren call.
text: Young Cavendish gets up, jumps out of the train.
text: From inside the train, Old Cavendish sees his former self
text: hurry through the station towards the exit.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: You would think a place the size of
dialog: England could easily hold all the
dialog: happenings in one humble lifetime
dialog: without much overlap, I mean, it's
dialog: not ruddy Luxembourg we live in,
dialog: but no, we cross, criss-cross and
dialog: recross our old tracks like figure
dialog: skaters.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION - DAY - YEAR 2009
text: The train pulls away revealing Cavendish looking like someone
text: caught between lost and found.
scene_heading: EXT. IN FRONT OF TRAIN STATION - DAY - YEAR 2009 / 1957
text: Cavendish steps outside the train station, sees Young
text: Cavendish shyly enter an old Citroen. Inside, YOUNG URSULA
text: greets him with a smile.
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: The love of my life? I could think
dialog: of no other serious applicants.
dialog: What had happened to her? And more
dialog: importantly, what had happened to
dialog: the young man who had ridden this
dialog: same train composing sonnets to his
dialog: “Goddess Divine.”
scene_heading: INT. PAPA SONG’S ELEVATOR - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: Sonmi and Chang are ascending, the elevator bearing them
text: towards the city’s surface. Sonmi is very quiet.
text: In her hand is the broken sony. She carries it like a child
text: clutching a precious, stuffed animal.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST (V.O.)
dialog: What were you feeling at that
dialog: particular moment? Just as the
dialog: elevator door opened?
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: It was... exhilarating.
scene_heading: EXT. SEOUL - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: The doors open and Sonmi follows Chang out into the conurb.
text: It is a sprawling urban canopy; ADV screens hover and cover
text: almost every inch of open space.
text: Transit tubes network gnarled strato-scrapers. Sunpoles beam
text: light, umbrellas radiating logos through the mist, Purebloods
text: hunched over their portables.
dialog: It is an impossible amount of information and Sonmi looks
text: about to get sick. Chang takes her by the arm and steadies
text: her into the Elite-tube.
scene_heading: INT. ELITE TUBE - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: A private transport tube. Chang presses his “soul” thumb to
text: the controls and keys in the destination code.
text: Sonmi sits as the car hums, quickly picking up speed, banking
text: through the rivers of electric light.
dialog: 71.
text: They dive down and travel for a moment underwater before
text: shooting up and weaving through older buildings, a part of
text: the lower root structure to the towering spires rising above
dialog: them.
text: After a moment, they seem to clear an edge of the city and in
text: the distance Sonmi sees an actual mountain; the sun rinsing
text: just behind it.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Are you all right?
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: My first sunrise.
text: It is the first time we see her smile in a way that does not
text: seem like a mask.
text: She looks at the sony in her hands.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Can I ask where you got that?
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Yoona shared it with me. I
dialog: couldn’t leave it behind.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: You’re not supposed to have a sony.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: I’m not supposed to leave Papa-Song
dialog: and yet here I am.
text: He smiles, already liking her.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Can I have a look?
text: She hesitates and then hands it to him. He starts it and
text: watches the loop of the Cavendish story.
speaker_heading: CHANG (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s an old disney. But where’s
dialog: the rest of it?
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: The rest of it?
text: He examines the device.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: This thing used to play vidies.
dialog: They’re stories. But its chip is
dialog: corrupt. If you wanted I could digi
dialog: it and get you a complete copy?
dialog: That way at least we’d know if it
dialog: was a happy or a sad ending. If you
dialog: wanted.
text: Tentatively, she nods her head.
scene_heading: EXT. PICTURESQUE SUBURB - DAY - YEAR 2009 / 1957
text: Cavendish wanders the tree lined village.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: Drunk on nostalgia I found myself
dialog: ignoring the warnings of Madame
text: Bovary and plunging into some kind
dialog: of romantic trance.
text: He passes a building and peeks through the large glass
text: windows. Inside: a 50’s cafeteria where Young Cavendish and
text: Ursula are having breakfast.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: There was the cafe where we drank
text: milky tea in dirty mugs, eating
text: toast, watery eggs and canned
dialog: tomatoes but be honest, Cavendish,
dialog: was any other breakfast in your
dialog: life so delectable?
text: Back to present: the cafe is now a fitness club.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: The world curdles from its room
dialog: temperature taste.
text: Cavendish continues his walk through the past.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCKERY HOUSE - EVENING - YEAR 2009
text: A beautiful mansion nestled in a grove of ancient oak trees.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: Before I realized it, my feet had
dialog: born me back, back to Dockery
dialog: House, to the Temple of Sacrifice,
dialog: where I offered up my virginity.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Back to those four days of paradise
dialog: when Ursula’s mater and pater
text: slipped off to Greece for a long
dialog: weekend.
scene_heading: INT. DOCKERY HOUSE - FLASHBACK - EVENING - YEAR 1957
text: Teenaged Cavendish, his chin dappled more with fuzz than
text: whiskers, wearing only his socks and a duvet, returns to the
dialog: bedroom having raided daddy’s liquor cabinet.
text: On his calf, just below the back of his knee, we notice a
text: comet-shaped birthmark.
text: His nubile love lays on the bed re-reading the sonnet he
dialog: wrote.
text: He climbs back into bed, their bodies drawn to each other’s
text: warmth as she suckles the whiskey from his lips.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: Or so we thought.
text: Mater stands frozen in horror as Cavendish mounts her
text: daughter. Pater arrives as the two young bodies begin to
text: undulate.
speaker_heading: URSULA’S PATER
speaker_heading: URSULA!
text: Calamity. Cavendish leaps away from her as if she was poison
text: oak. Bare-assed, he slips in his socks, stumbles over a
dialog: table, falls--
text: Sees a cat, grabs it to hide his family jewels as he implores
dialog: the parents.
scene_heading: YOUNG CAVENDISH
dialog: Sir! Madame! I assure you this is
dialog: completely innocent--
text: The cat scratches at his tender, dangly bits and Timothy
text: screams, throws the cat in the air as he slips backward and--
text: Crashes out the large picture window.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
text: Two sprained ankles. One cracked
dialog: rib. Official cause of accident
dialog: listed on the hospital form:
text: Young Timothy lies sprawled in the garden bushes.
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Pussy.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. DOCKERY HOUSE - EVENING - YEAR 2009
text: The older Cavendish creeps up to the house, towards that
text: window, and peers inside the room lit electric marigold.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: Why had I never returned her calls
dialog: or letters? Shame. Ignominious
dialog: retreat. Spinelessness. Hallmarks
dialog: of the Cavendish Clan.
text: He watches as a mother repairs a broken broomstick for her
text: child dressed as a witch.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I knew I had no business going back
dialog: there. I knew the chances that she
dialog: still lived in that house were
dialog: practically zilch and yet--
text: Suddenly an older woman dressed as a devil, enters the
text: domestic frieze and Cavendish’s eyes lite up.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: There she was. Ursula. My first
dialog: real regret, like a first
dialog: cigarette, that began a lifelong
dialog: addiction.
text: Ursula says something to her daughter and grandchild, and
text: they giggle. Cavendish cannot help but giggle too, even
text: though he didn’t hear a thing. His eyes go teary.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Why was I standing out here in the
text: cold, cowering in the shadows? Why
dialog: was I not in that room lit electric
dialog: marigold? I realized I had the
dialog: choice: I could slink off and
dialog: return to the station and continue
dialog: as planned or I could go boldly to
text: the door, knock without fear of
dialog: potential consequence and discover
dialog: what hope, if any, lay within.
scene_heading: INT. ELITE TUBE - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: She regards her broken sony.
text: He shrugs.
text: He smiles.
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Are endings always “happy or sad?”
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Usually. Most people like ‘em
dialog: simple.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: But not you?
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: I like all of it: happy, sad and
text: everything in between with a creamy
dialog: scoop of sex served a la mode.
text: She clutches her sony and edges away from him.
text: The tube banks, shifting into a different line which is now
dialog: headed str
scene_heading: EXT. BLUFF
dialog: Meronym an
dialog: tooth of a
dialog: clouds.
dialog: Truman rub:
text: aight at a mountain.
speaker_heading: CHANG (CONT'D)
dialog: There it is.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: University. Your new home.
scene_heading: - DAY - YEAR 2321
text: d Truman Napes stare out at Mauna Kea, a jagged
text: mountain sunk into the underbelly of low lying
text: s his beard then gestures with his pipe.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN
dialog: Won’t get me up that diresome
dialog: spire. My gran'pa's pa named Truman
dialog: Third went scavvin’ for Old-Un gear
dialog: up there.
text: He looks at Meronym.
speaker_heading: TRUMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Whoa they found a wondersome
dialog: ironstone temple, yay, but they
dialog: also found Old Georgie a’waitin’.
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: What happened?
scene_heading: INT. CORE BUILDING - NIGHT
text: In an ancient ruin, Old Georgie glowers over a man who
text: screams in terror.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE
dialog: The Weak are Meat and the Strong do
dialog: Eat.
text: Old Georgie brandishes a spoon and scoops out the man’s eye
text: and pops it in his mouth. The devil cackles.
scene_heading: EXT. BLUFF - DAY
text: Zachry is hiding in some brush, spying on Meronym and Truman
text: Napes while Old Georgie whispers in his ear.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE
dialog: That Prescient’s got a curio to
dialog: kill a cart-full o’cats ‘n then
dialog: some.
text: Zachry watches Meronym and Truman Napes, gesturing with his
text: pipe, talking about what happened atop Mauna Kea.
text: Zachry’s eyes narrow as he crawls away.
scene_heading: INT. ABBESS DWELLING - DAY - 2321
text: Abbess is tending the icons. JZachry tries to remain in a
text: proper reverential position but he is too wound up.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: She’s plannin’ on trekin’ up Mauna
dialog: Kea even though it’s forbidden.
speaker_heading: ABBESS
dialog: Now I’m warnin’ you Zachry Bailey,
dialog: makin’ ‘cusations ‘gainst a spesh
dialog: guest jus’ ain’t politsome.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: She up’ta somthin’ Abbess. She
text: been schemin’ an’ secretin’ at
dialog: night. I seen it!
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: ABBESS
dialog: ‘Nough’s enough. You bring me
dialog: ev’dence Meronym’s plannin’ to kill
dialog: us in our sleep, I’ll calla
dialog: gatherin’. If you ain’t got no
dialog: ev’dence, you best hold that
dialog: tongue.
text: Suddenly, there is a urgent knock on the door.
speaker_heading: ABBESS (CONT’D)
dialog: Sakes‘live, what now?
text: She opens the door to a young girl.
speaker_heading: YOUNG GIRL
dialog: Abbess, you gotta come quick! It’s
dialog: the Bailey girl!
text: Zachry hears his niece’s name and rushes to the door.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Catkin?
speaker_heading: YOUNG GIRL
dialog: Aye. She's dyin.
scene_heading: INT. ADAM EWING’S CABIN - PROPHETESS - NIGHT
text: Lying on his tiny bed, his body shakes from the pain, and
text: Ewing awakes from a bad dream.
speaker_heading: EWING (V.O.)
dialog: My Parasite writhes at night, like
text: a new babe's finger igniting spasms
text: of pain while visions and voices,
dialog: obscene and monstrous, haunt me.
text: On his knees, Adam Ewing prays into his clasped hands by
text: candlelight, his shoulders hunched as if pressed down by some
text: unseen force. The flame strobes against a ubiquitous draft
text: causing shadows to leap around the cramped cabin.
text: He is pale, a sheen of sweat covers his waxy face. Finished,
text: he crosses himself and blows out the candle.
text: He’s asleep again. In blackness, we hear a voice.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Mr. Ewing? Mr. Ewing?
text: Startled, Ewing awakes, hitting his head on the bulkhead.
dialog: 78.
text: He peers into the dark, a shaft of moonlight washing through
text: the porthole. Slowly a serpentine length of hawser uncoils,
text: and he sees a black form rise like a djin.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: In the name of God---
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Mr. Ewing, do not fear- Mr. Ewing-
dialog: no harm, no shout, please, sir.
text: He leaps to Ewing’s bedside, a powerful hand sealing his
dialog: mouth.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: Help! Help mmph--
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Mr. Ewing, no harm, you safe, I
dialog: friend of Mr. D'Arnog- you know he
dialog: Christian- please, quiet!
text: Ewing nods, though he is obviously still afraid. Slowly the
text: man releases Ewing’s mouth.
speaker_heading: AUTUA
dialog: My name is Autua. You know I, you
dialog: seen I, aye- you pity I.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: What do you want with me?
speaker_heading: AUTUA
dialog: Maori whip I- you seen.
text: The image of the Moriori being flogged by the "Lizard King"
text: suddenly flashes in Ewing’s head and he nods.
speaker_heading: AUTUA (CONT’D)
dialog: You good man- Mr. D'Arnog tell you
dialog: good man- he hid I in your cabin
dialog: yesterday night- I escape- you
dialog: help, Mr. Ewing.
text: Ewing bristles at the thought of D’Arnog.
speaker_heading: AUTUA (CONT’D)
dialog: If you no help- I in trouble dead.
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: You're already very much "in
dialog: trouble dead." The Prophetess is a
dialog: mercantile vessel, not an
dialog: “underground railroad" for escaping
dialog: slaves.
text: Autua straightens in pride.
speaker_heading: AUTUA
dialog: I able seaman! I earn passage!
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: Then I suggest you surrender to the
text: captain's mercies forthwith.
speaker_heading: AUTUA
dialog: No! They no listen I! Swim away
dialog: home, Nigger, they say and throw I
dialog: in drink! You lawman aye? You go,
dialog: you talk, I stay, I hide! Please.
dialog: Cap'n hear you, Mr. Ewing. Please.
text: Ewing shakes his head.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: No. I can’t help you. Whatever
dialog: D’Arnog told you about me, I assure
dialog: you, he is quite mistaken. I’m
dialog: afraid your fate is your own. I
dialog: desire no part in it.
text: Autua’s voice softens to a whisper.
speaker_heading: AUTUA
dialog: Then kill I.
text: His hand finds Ewing’s and he closes their fingers around the
text: hilt of a dagger.
speaker_heading: AUTUA (CONT’D)
dialog: Say to others I attack you, so you
dialog: kill I.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: AUTUA
dialog: You no help I, you kill I, just
dialog: same. It's true, you know it. I
dialog: ain't be fish food, Mr. Ewing.
text: With a terrible calmness and certitude Autua presses its tip
text: against his own throat.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: You’re mad.
speaker_heading: AUTUA
dialog: I not mad. Die here is better. Do
dialog: it. Do it quick.
text: Ewing swallows hard as a ringing begins to rise in his ears--
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT HOTEL - NIGHT - YEAR 1973
text: Sixsmith wakes to the ringing telephone.
speaker_heading: SIXSMITH
dialog: Luisa? God, I must have dozed off.
dialog: Terrible dream. Thank you for
dialog: coming. I’m in 1404.
text: He hangs up when, behind him, outside on the balcony--
text: A shadow drops from the floor above.
text: He reaches for the report as A MAN slides open the door.
text: Sixsmith turns just as the man steps close and places a gun
dialog: to the scientist’s temple and--
text: Pulls the trigger.
text: Blood splatters the wall, the lamp shade and a half-finished
text: letter to Luisa lying on the desk.
text: Sixsmith’ body drops backwards onto the bed, burying
text: Frobisher’s letters under his back.
text: The assassin looks around. He is a man whose most
dialog: distinguishing attribute is that there's nothing
text: distinguishing about him. His name is BILL SMOKE.
text: Smoke notices the report and the letter to Luisa when there
text: is a knock at the door.
text: Silently, he creeps to the door as the knocking continues.
text: He looks through the peep-hole and sees Luisa.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: (through the door)Dr. Sixsmith?
dialog: It’s Luisa. Dr. Sixsmith?
text: Smoke puts the barrel with its long silencer against the
text: door, aiming straight at her until--
text: She leaves.
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY - NIGHT - YEAR 1973
text: Luisa leads the MANAGER to the elevators.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: He wasn’t looking that well the
dialog: last time I saw him and I’m just
dialog: worried that something happened--
text: The elevator opens, revealing Bill Smoke.
text: As Smoke passes them, he looks at Luisa and in the look there
dialog: is something that reminds us of the look Old Georgie gave to
dialog: Zachry.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT HOTEL ROOM 1404 - NIGHT - YEAR 1973
text: The manager opens the door and Luisa follows him in.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Oh my god--
text: Luisa covers her mouth. Sixsmith lays awkwardly on the bed,
text: blood Pollock-ing the wall, the gun Smoke used, now in
text: Sixsmith’s hand.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Go! Call the police! Hurry!
text: The manager rushes out while Luisa quickly scans the room.
text: The report and the letter are gone.
text: The room seems completely clean, until, coming up from
text: looking under the bed, she notices a tiny bit of aged paper
text: underneath Sixsmith’s back.
text: She softly pushes him to the side and reveals the thick pack
dialog: of letters.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: My Dear Sixsmith, How I wish you
dialog: were here with me now.
scene_heading: INT. AYRS’ CHATEAU, SCARLET ROOM - DAY - YEAR 1931
text: TADEUSZ AUGUSTOWSKI, the Polish conductor and colleague of
text: Ayrs is reading “Der Todtenvogel,” Ayrs and Frobisher’s
dialog: latest collaboration.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: Today Ayrs and I presented our
dialog: first collaboration, a short tone
dialog: poem called "Der Todtenvogel", to
dialog: Tadeusz Augustowski, Ayrs’
dialog: favourite conductor. It’s an
text: intriguing animal. It borrows
text: resonances from Wagner's Ring, then
text: disintegrates the theme into a
dialog: Stravinskyesque nightmare policed
dialog: by Sibelian wraiths. Horrible,
dialog: delectable, wish you could hear it.
text: Augustowski sways gently to the music in his head, hand
text: lightly bobbing in the air as if floating on an invisible
dialog: current.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: It's the most accomplished tone
dialog: poem I know of written since the
dialog: war and I tell you, Sixsmith, that
dialog: more than a few of its best ideas
dialog: are mine. Suppose an amanuensis
dialog: must reconcile himself to
dialog: renouncing his share in authorship,
dialog: though Vyvyan recently referred to
dialog: our work as a “partnership.”
text: Frobisher and Ayrs subtly watch in expectation. Augustowski’s
text: monocle falls from his eye socket. He turns to Ayrs.
speaker_heading: AUGUSTOWSKI
dialog: A man at our time of life, Ayrs--
dialog: has no right to such daring ideas.
dialog: Where are you getting ‘em from?
text: Ayrs puffs himself up.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: I suppose I've won a rearguard
dialog: action or two in my war against
dialog: decrepitude. My boy Robert here is
text: proving a valuable aide-de-camp.
text: Frobisher smiles, lifting a tea pot.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: More tea?
scene_heading: INT. LUISA’S APARTMENT - NIGHT - YEAR 1973
text: Luisa is smoking a joint, reading Frobisher’s letters. Her
text: apartment is cramped, cluttered but comfortable.
dialog: 83.
text: On one of the brick and board bookshelves we see a picture of
dialog: her father, Lester Rey.
text: Behind her, a shadow drops from the balcony above.
text: As she reads, the shadow creeps up behind her until moving
dialog: around the couch--
text: Luisa’s scream catches in her throat--
text: As she sees JAVIER GOMEZ, her teenage friend.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Jesus... Javier Gomez what did I
dialog: tell you about jumping across
dialog: balconies? What if someone reports
dialog: you as a burglar? What if you
dialog: fell?
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Why do you leave your door open if
dialog: you don’t want me to come in?
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Because, Smarty-pants the only
dialog: thing worse than having you jump
dialog: onto my balcony, is the idea of you
dialog: jumping onto my balcony and then
dialog: being stuck out there.
text: She notices the welt across his face.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY (CONT’D)
dialog: Wolfman?
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: It’s fine. Doesn’t hurt.
text: Luisa reaches for the phone.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: I’m calling your mother. She has to
dialog: know what kind of ass-hole she’s
dialog: dating.
text: Javier watches her dialing.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: She knows.
text: They look at each other. Reluctantly, she replaces the
dialog: receiver.
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: You know we can’t let this go on.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: (pointing at the letters)
dialog: What are you reading?
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Don’t try to ignore me.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: I know you wanna help but if you
dialog: call her, she’ll leave work and
dialog: there’ll be a big fight and he’1l
dialog: smash more stuff and hit me harder
dialog: next time.
text: The truth, spoken without emotion or eye-contact, sits like a
text: stone wall separating them.
speaker_heading: JARVIER
dialog: What are you reading?
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Just... old letters.
scene_heading: EXT. AURORA HOUSE - NIGHT - YEAR 2009
text: In the wee hours of the morning, the warmth of the house
text: radiates against the Magritte night-scape. A cab arrives.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: The Past calls to us with the
dialog: enchantment of a Siren, luring us
dialog: into dangerous waters. Better, I
dialog: believed, to fill one’s ears with
dialog: beeswax and stay the course.
text: Cavendish empties his wallet to the cab driver. Hunched over
text: from the long ride he climbs the stairs and rings the bell.
text: The door opens. A smiling angel of a woman welcomes him in.
scene_heading: INT. AURORA HOUSE - NIGHT - YEAR 2009
text: She helps him inside.
speaker_heading: AURORA ANGEL
dialog: Was your trip difficult?
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Ohh, you’ve no idea. Hellish. Made
dialog: a terrible mistake and got off the
dialog: train. Didn’t know it was the last
text: one. Missed the only bus. Finally
text: took a cab. Driver talked the
dialog: entire way. Too ruddy awful for
dialog: words.
speaker_heading: AURORA ANGEL
dialog: The only thing that matters is that
dialog: you've arrived safely.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: I had to use the last of my money--
speaker_heading: AURORA ANGEL
dialog: All you need to worry about, Mr.
dialog: Cavendish, is getting a good
text: night’s sleep.
text: He makes a noise like a baby, overcome with a wave of
dialog: pleasure.
speaker_heading: AURORA ANGEL (CONT’D)
dialog: Just sign right here. We’ve gota
text: beautiful room with a garden view.
dialog: You'll love it.
text: He signs in.
speaker_heading: AURORA ANGEL (CONT’D)
dialog: Come with me.
scene_heading: INT. AURORA HOUSE BEDROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 2009
text: The room is modern, clean with soft lighting in sleepy
text: corners. The bed is trimmed with crisp sheets. Cavendish
text: looks like he might cry.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Bliss, my dear.
speaker_heading: AURORA ANGEL
dialog: Sweet dreams, then.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: The Hoggins Horrors were long gone
dialog: and I was scot free while Denny,
dialog: dearest Denholme was footing the
dialog: bill. Couldn’t be more perfect.
dialog: And tomorrow, life could begin
dialog: afresh, afresh, afresh!
dialog: 86.
scene_heading: EXT. SEOUL UNIVERSITY - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: The University is cut into the side of the mountain.
text: Chang leads Sonmi through the concourse with students. Many
text: of them look at her uniform or her awkwardness and giggle.
scene_heading: INT. UNIVERSITY DORM - HALL - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: Chang leads down the throat of a utilitarian hall. At the
text: end, there Sonmi is a door, the digital name plate slightly
text: crooked, “BOOM-SOOK, KIM.”
text: Chang knocks, then lets himself in.
scene_heading: INT. BOOM-SOOK’S DORMROOM - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: A cramped, dirty sty, rancid with pureblood male odor. Bins
text: are overflowing, a crossbow target hangs by the door. A
text: single filthy window opens into a featureless courtyard.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Wait here, for Mr. Kim. Obey him
dialog: as you would a Seer.
text: He places the box of Soap in the fridge.
speaker_heading: CHANG (CONT’D)
dialog: Keep your food refrigerated
dialog: (indicating the sony)
dialog: Make sure you keep that hidden.
dialog: I’ll be back in a few days to check
dialog: on you.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Why... are you doing this?
text: He considers his answer carefully.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Because I care about what happens
dialog: to you.
text: The words sound like a foreign language to her.
text: He smiles again and slips out the door leaving her to a
text: completely new life.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST (V.O.)
dialog: Did you know he was Union?
dialog: 87.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: The memory remains sweet to her.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: No. But it wouldn’t have mattered.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Because it was the first time a
dialog: Pureblood had showed me a kindness.
scene_heading: INT. THE PROPHETESS - EWING’S ROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 1846
text: Ewing returns to his room. It appears empty. He slips one
text: of the barrels in front of the door, blocking it.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: Come on, then.
text: The wiry man slides out from the darkness of his hiding
text: place, a wide smile across his face when he sees Ewing pull
text: food from his pockets.
speaker_heading: AUTUA
dialog: Ohhh, thank ya’ missa Ewing. Missa
dialog: D’Anrnog right about you.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: Don’t mention that mongrel’s name
dialog: again. To tell the truth, I was
dialog: worried you might try to eat me if
dialog: you didn’t get something in that
dialog: stomach.
speaker_heading: AUTUA
dialog: You safe, missa Ewing. I no like
dialog: white meat.
text: Autua smiles, gobbling the stale bread and cheese.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: Before I decide what I am going to
dialog: do with you, tell me why you were
text: being whipped so savagely.
text: A long silence filled only with the sound of Autua’s smacking
dialog: lips.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: AUTUA
dialog: My uncle was a sailor. Took me on
dialog: a French whaler when I was ten year
dialog: old. I seen too much’a the world.
dialog: I no good slave.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: Why did you look at me?
speaker_heading: AUTUA
text: Pain strong, aye, but friend’s eyes
dialog: more strong.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: You're a runaway slave. I’ma
dialog: lawyer. How do you imagine we could
dialog: possibly be friends.
text: He keeps chewing and smiling as jabs his finger from his eyes
dialog: to Ewing’s.
speaker_heading: AUTUA
dialog: Here all you need.
scene_heading: INT. AYR’S CHATEAU - MUSIC ROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 1931
text: A study of anticipation as they wait for Jocasta to open a
dialog: telegram.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: Telegram arrived with reviews of
dialog: “Todtenvogel.”
speaker_heading: JOCASTA
dialog: Before I open this, Vyvyan, I need
dialog: you to promise me--
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: Please, Jocasta, I am too old to
dialog: worry about what a bunch of
dialog: parasitic half-wits think of my
dialog: Music. Just read the damn thing
text: and then consign it to the fire.
text: Unconvinced, she peels open the envelope.
speaker_heading: JOCASTA
dialog: First Performance Mystified Stop.
text: Ayrs rubs the whiskers around his tightening lips.
speaker_heading: JOCASTA (CONT'D)
dialog: Second Performance Fisticuffs Stop.
dialog: 89.
text: Frobisher’s eyebrow arches in anticipation.
speaker_heading: JOCASTA (CONT’D)
dialog: Third Performance Adored Stop
dialog: Fourth Rose Petals Thrown Beneath
dialog: Your Feet Stop You Are Toast Of
dialog: Town Congratulations Stop.
text: She is almost unable to finish it for the joy bubbling out of
dialog: her.
text: Frobisher can’t feel his feet on the ground.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: Well... even a broken clock is
dialog: right twice a day.
text: A smile spreads.
speaker_heading: AYRS (CONT'D)
text: Jocasta, open a bottle of the ‘08
dialog: Pinot Rouge. I make it a point to
dialog: never be toasted without a drink in
dialog: my hand.
text: She leaves, her own smile flashing at Frobisher like a
text: peeking garter-belt.
text: The two artists are left alone, their expression a reflection
dialog: of each other.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: At that moment Sixsmith, when he
dialog: looked at me, I saw something in
text: his ice-blue eyes, something
dialog: beneath all the years and the
text: illness. Something familiar.
scene_heading: EXT. CHATEAU ZEDELGHEM - GROUNDS - DAY - YEAR 1931
text: Frobisher is pushing Ayrs wheelchair. The wind urges the
text: dried leaves to dance.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: The following morning I pushed his
text: chair down the Monk’s walk. Autumn
text: leaves gusted around in urgent
text: spirals as if V.A. was the sorcerer
dialog: and I his apprentice. He unveiled
dialog: his concept for a new piece based
dialog: on his beloved Nietzsche’s “Eternal
dialog: Recurrence.” Wants my services for
dialog: another year.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Told him I would think about it.
dialog: Obviously upset him that I didn’t
text: give a breathy “yes!” On the spot.
dialog: I want the old bugger to admit he
dialog: needs me. P.S. Best news of all.
dialog: I’ve started my own work.
scene_heading: INT. LAST CHORD MUSIC STORE - DAY - YEAR 1973
text: Luisa Rey enters the store and is immediately halted. The
text: music playing takes her breath away; it’s spectral, hypnotic
dialog: and... intimately familiar.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: I know this music. What the hell
dialog: is it?
speaker_heading: STORE CLERK
dialog: I’m sorry, it’s a customer order.
dialog: Not for sale. I shouldn’t really
dialog: be playing it.
text: She puts her purse on the counter and digs out her wallet.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: All right. My name’s Luisa Rey, I
dialog: phoned about an obscure recording
dialog: by Robert Frobisher. Someone said
dialog: they found it.
text: The clerk smiles guiltily.
text: He nods.
speaker_heading: STORE CLERK
dialog: Ooops. Busted. I thought I should
dialog: check it to make sure it wasn’t
dialog: scratched but to be totally honest,
dialog: I can’t stop listening to it.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: This is “The Cloud Atlas Sextet"?
speaker_heading: STORE CLERK
dialog: Why companies won’t finance
dialog: recordings of lost gems like this,
dialog: it’s criminal.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Where have I heard it before?
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: STORE CLERK
dialog: (shrugs )
dialog: Can't be more than a handful in
dialog: North America.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: But I know it. I know I know it.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: They stare at one another, across the table.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: He told me, “Knowledge is to
dialog: consciousness what sunlight is to
dialog: plants.”
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: So it was Chang that supplied you
dialog: with the codes to the Boom-Sook
dialog: Kim’s Unity terminal?
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: During the day, I did whatever
dialog: chores he told me to do, but at
dialog: night...
scene_heading: INT. BOOM-SOOK’S DORMROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: Boom-Sook is passed out, bathed in the flickering flesh-toned
text: light of his slasher porno.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (V.O.)
dialog: At night I was free.
text: Sonmi finishes folding his laundry. She checks to make sure
text: he is sleeping, then quietly moves to the Unity terminal.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: I traveled the length, breadth and
dialog: width of your culture; from the
dialog: philosophy of the Greeks to poetry
dialog: of the Chinese, from the unending
dialog: histories of your constant wars to
dialog: the Seven Dialects of Jong Il.
text: The sony display shows all sorts of written material as well
text: as hyper-linked graphics, antique sketches, paintings etc.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: The library often refused my
dialog: requested downloads, but this made
dialog: me understand that the path I was
dialog: on was the correct one.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: The Archivist is disturbed.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST (V.O.)
dialog: And Mr. Kim had no awareness of
dialog: what was truly happening?
text: Sonmi shakes her head.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Of course not. He believed he was
dialog: developing a formula for a more
dialog: attentive domestic.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
text: While in reality, Union pursued
dialog: their agenda.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Their goal was always the
dialog: Ascendency of a Fabricant. Yoona
dialog: had failed. I was their last
dialog: remaining hope.
scene_heading: INT. BAILEY DWELLING - DAY - YEAR 2321
text: Catkin lays on her small bed, surrounded by family and
text: neighbors. Her face is swollen and sweaty. The HERBALIST
text: dips a rag into cool water and dabs it to her forehead.
text: Zachry and the Abbess push through the crowd into the room.
speaker_heading: ABBESS
dialog: Oh Sonmi.
text: She knows the child is near death. JZachry embraces his
dialog: sister Rose.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: Leary the healer says she’1l be
dialog: gone by sundown so better’n say our
dialog: goodbyes.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: ++ -NO.
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: ROSE
dialog: It ain’t right, ain’t fair but
dialog: nuthin to be done...
text: Zachry looks at Catkin, knowing what Rose believes is not the
dialog: True-true.
scene_heading: EXT. THE VALLEY - DAY - YEAR 2321
text: Zachry rushes through the woods. Rain slashes across his
text: face making his tears invisible.
text: He bursts into a clearing where he finds what he has been
dialog: looking for: Meronym.
text: She is taking water samples, collecting them in small glass
text: jars.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Catkin’s dyin’!
text: She stands.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: What? How?
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
text: Trod on a scorpion fish.
text: The energy seeps out of her as she realizes what will happen
text: to the young girl. It seems terribly unfair.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT'D)
dialog: You can save her!
text: She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT'D)
dialog: You got spesh smart in that gearbag
dialog: what'll save her! That’s the True-
dialog: true!
text: Her expression hardens. She throws her bag on the ground
dialog: between them.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: How you know what’s in my gearbag?
dialog: More sneakin’n’spyin? Why not jus’
dialog: thief the spesh smart yourself?
text: Zachry is stunned and ashamed.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: ...It were a mistake, what I done
dialog: while you guestin’ at our home. I
dialog: didn’t trust.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: Why trust now?
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: I got no choice. Catkin’s
dialog: still’n’stiff as stone. You’re my
dialog: only hope.
text: It hurts but Meronym remains resolved.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: The life o’ your tribe’s got a
dialog: nat’ral order. Catkin’d trod on
dialog: that scorpion fish if I’d been here
dialog: or not.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: I’m jus a stoopit goat herder but I
dialog: reck’n jus’ by bein’ here you’re
dialog: bustin’ this nat’ral order! I
dialog: reck’n you're killin’ Catkin by not
dialog: actin’!
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: I ain’t here to play Lady Sonmi
dialog: ev'ry time sumthn’ bad happ’ns an
dialog: click my fingers’n’ make it right!
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: If it were a Prescient that were
dialog: layin with poison meltin’ her
dialog: heart’n’lungs? If it were your
dialog: kin?
text: They both know the answer to that question.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Why’s a Precient’s life worth
dialog: more’n a Valleysman?!
text: Zachry’s eyes harden.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT'D)
dialog: I’1l take you to Mauna Kea!
text: The rain beats against Meronym’s poncho.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Ev’one knows my soul is stoned.
dialog: Don’t matta’ what devils waitin’
dialog: for me up there. They goin’ have
dialog: me one day an’ways. You save
dialog: Catkin’n I’ll take you an’where you
dialog: wanna go.
text: A dozen arguments blow through her mind but she sets her jaw
dialog: against everyone of them.
text: She bends down and tears through her gearbag, mumbling to
text: herself, swearing in a language Zachry can’t understand.
text: Grabbing something she stands.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: All right. Here’s the deal. You
dialog: sneak this in Catkin’s mouth so
dialog: slywise no un’see, nay, nor even
dialog: thinkied they seen and for Sonmi’s
dialog: sake if Catkin lives, you make sure
dialog: the herb’list gets the hooray-
dialog: hooray, not that voodoo snake
dialog: oilster from Hilo. Yay?
text: Gratitude bubbles out of every pore.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Yay... Yay!
text: He takes the small turquoise stone from her.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Thank’ya, thank’ya, Sonmi bless’ya--
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: Stop your yibberin’n go. Go!
text: He bolts.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: The orison hums.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: How long did you serve Mr. Boom-
dialog: Sook Kim as a domestic?
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Until twelfth-month. I remember
text: watching the snow fall, through the
text: small dorm window.
dialog: 96.
scene_heading: INT. BOOM-SOOK’S DORMROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: The room is clean and tidy now. Sonmi is cleaning the one
text: window, while Boom-Sook plays an action porn game with his 3D
dialog: Game toy.
text: Outside fat snow flakes fall lazily.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (V.0.)
dialog: It was like nothing I had ever
text: seen: bruised lilac in half-lite.
dialog: Such pure solace.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST (V.O.)
dialog: You speak like an aesthete
dialog: sometimes.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY - YEAR 2144
dialog: Sonmi thinks about this.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Perhaps those deprived of beauty
dialog: perceive it most instinctively.
scene_heading: INT. CAVENDISH’S ROOM, AURORA HOUSE - DAY - YEAR 2009
text: Cavendish awakes to the sound of rustling fabric.
text: A middle aged WOMAN with a dour pageboy haircut is rifling
text: through his belongings.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: What the--
text: Cavendish snaps to focus.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (CONT’D)
dialog: What the ruddy hell are you doing
dialog: in my room, you pilfering warty
dialog: sow?
text: She roots through the pockets of his coat.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Because you are new, I will not
dialog: have you eat soap powder. This
dialog: time. Be warned, I do not stand for
text: offensive language in Aurora House.
dialog: Not from anyone. And I never make
dialog: idle threats, Mr. Cavendish. Never.
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: I'll ruddy well talk to you how I
dialog: ruddy well like, you stinking ruddy
dialog: thief! Make me eat soap powder? I'd
dialog: like to see you try! Let's call
dialog: Hotel Security! Let's call the
dialog: police! You ask about offensive
dialog: language, and I'll ask about
dialog: breaking, entry and theft!
text: She quickly crosses to his bed and slaps him hard across the
text: chops. Cavendish, falls back onto his pillow, shocked.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Tsk. A disappointing start. I am
dialog: Mrs. Noakes. You do not wish to
dialog: cross me.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Is this some sort of a kinky S &M
dialog: hotel?
text: MRS. NOAKES returns to his things.
scene_heading: MRS. NOAKES
dialog: Smoking is discouraged here. I will
dialog: have to confiscate these cigars.
dialog: The lighter is far too dangerous
dialog: for you to play with. And what,
dialog: pray, are these?
text: She dangles his keys.
speaker_heading: MRS. NOAKES (CONT’D)
dialog: Keys go walkies! Let's give them to
dialog: Mrs. Judd for safekeeping, shall
dialog: we?
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Let's not give them to anyone, you
dialog: crazy dragon! You strike me! You
dialog: rob me! What kind of ruddy hotel
dialog: hires thieves for chambermaids?
text: She stuffs her booty into a little burglar's bag.
scene_heading: MRS. NOAKES
text: Breakfast is eight sharp. Boiled
dialog: eggs with toast soldiers today.
dialog: None for the tardy.
text: The door slams leaving Cavendish blinking for a moment--
text: Then at once he is up and hurrying into his clothes.
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (V.O.)
dialog: “You can maintain power over people
dialog: as long as you give them something.
dialog: Rob a man of everything and that
dialog: man will no longer be in your
dialog: power.”
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: She identifies the quote.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Alexander Solzhenitsyn.
text: He consults the orison.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: 20th century philosopher. Complete
dialog: works banned by Unanimity Executive
dialog: Order 2131. How do you know about
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: A book.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: An actual book?
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: It was a gift.
scene_heading: INT. BOOM-SOOK’S DORMROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: Sonmi is alone, soaking in the dull glow of her monitor, her
text: eyes gulping down information.
text: At the sound of the key in the door, she quickly shuts off
text: the machine and crosses the room, grabbing a beer from the
text: fridge just as the door opens revealing--
dialog: Chang.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Hello Sonmi.
text: He smiles slightly, taking the beer from her. She closes the
text: door, hiding the flush of heat she feels in her cheeks
text: whenever he says her name.
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Seer Chang.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: I told you I am not a Seer. Call
dialog: me Hae-Joo.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Hae-Joo.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: You have the place to yourself.
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Mr. Kim departed for Sextet Eve
dialog: holiday early this morning.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Three days all to yourself. Any
dialog: big plans?
text: The question confuses her.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: I still have four hundred and
dialog: thirty years of Western
dialog: literature...
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Not exactly what I had in mind.
dialog: It’s Sextet Eve. Don’t you deserve
dialog: a holiday too?
text: The words don’t compute.
speaker_heading: CHANG (CONT’D)
dialog: Come on. I’ve got a surprise for
dialog: you.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY, AURORA HOUSE - DAY - YEAR 2009
text: Cavendish storms from his room into the hallway, pausing to
dialog: get his bearings.
text: He shoots down the hall toward reception, slippers clapping
text: determinedly against the polished industrial linoleum.
text: An uneasiness begins to fill Cavendish as baroque music lilts
text: in the identical chair-lined corridors.
text: Suddenly a leprous GNOME still in his pajamas grips
text: the wrist and lifts a jar of hazelnut butter.
speaker_heading: GNOME
dialog: If you want to get a signal, you’1ll
dialog: need one of these.
text: Cavendish grimaces.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: You've mistaken me for someone
dialog: else.
dialog: 100.
dialog: him by
text: He pries the man’s hand from his wrist and continues down the
text: hall. He has become unnerved, however. Something about Aurora
dialog: House isn’t right.
text: He slows as he passes a window and sees the dining room.
text: Dawning seeps into Cavendish as he sees the diners at Aurora
dialog: House are all in their seventies and up.
text: He doubles his pace, features reddening as he passes a
text: hulking ORDERLY.
text: MRS. JUDD greets him with an Oil of Olay smile at Reception.
speaker_heading: MRS. JUDD
dialog: Hello, Mr. Cavendish. Feeling super
dialog: this morning?
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Yes. No. An absurd misunderstanding
dialog: has occurred.
speaker_heading: MRS. JUDD
dialog: Oh?
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: I ah-- I checked in last night
dialog: believing Aurora House was a hotel.
dialog: My brother made the booking, you
dialog: see. His idea of a practical joke.
dialog: But listen. You have a bigger
dialog: problem closer to home - some
dialog: demented bitch called Noakes is
dialog: running about the place
text: impersonating a chambermaid.
text: Probably riddled with Alzheimer's.
dialog: She stole my keys! Now, in a go-go
dialog: bar in Phuket, that'd be par for
dialog: the course, but in an old wrecks'
dialog: home in Hull? You'd get closed down
dialog: if I was an inspector, you know.
dialog: 101.
text: Mrs. Judd's smile is battery acid.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (CONT’D)
dialog: Right. I’1l need my keys back,
dialog: straight away.
text: He raps his knuckles on the desktop.
speaker_heading: MRS. JUDD
dialog: Aurora House is your home now, Mr.
dialog: Cavendish. Your signature
dialog: authorizes us to apply compliancy.
dialog: And I'd get out of the habit of
dialog: referring to my sister in those
dialog: tones.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Compliancy? Signature? Sister?
speaker_heading: MRS. JUDD
dialog: The custody document you signed
dialog: last night. Your residency papers.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: (chuckles )
dialog: No, no, no-- That was the hotel
dialog: registry! Never mind, it's all
dialog: academic. My, this will make a heck
dialog: of a dinner-party story. Once I've
dialog: strangled my brother. Bill him, by
dialog: the way. Only I must insist on
dialog: having my keys returned, And you'd
dialog: better call me a cab.
speaker_heading: MRS. JUDD
dialog: Most of our guests get cold feet on
dialog: their first mornings.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: My feet are quite warm, but I
dialog: haven't made myself clear. If you
dialog: don 't-
speaker_heading: MRS. JUDD
dialog: Mr. Cavendish, why don't you eat
dialog: your breakfast first and-
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Keys!
text: A group of residents have stopped to watch the escalating
dialog: exchange.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: MRS. JUDD
dialog: We have your written permission to
dialog: hold your valuables in the office
dialog: safe.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Then I must speak with the
dialog: management.
speaker_heading: MRS. JUDD
dialog: That would be my sister, Nurse
dialog: Noakes.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Noakes? Management?
speaker_heading: MRS. JUDD
dialog: Nurse Noakes.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Then I must speak with the board of
dialog: governors, or the owner.
speaker_heading: MRS. JUDD
dialog: They would be me.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Your telephone, please. I wish to
dialog: inform the police--
speaker_heading: MRS. JUDD
dialog: Residents aren’t permitted to--
text: He slams his hand on the counter.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: I am not a ruddy resident!
speaker_heading: MRS. JUDD
dialog: You’1l find that temper tantrums
dialog: won’t help you at Aurora House.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Look, you’re breaking the ruddy--
dialog: Anti-Incarceration Act or something
dialog: and I bloody hell won’t stand for
dialog: this!
text: Before she can stop him, Cavendish wheels with a grandiose
text: gesture and slams out the double-door exit.
text: The cold snaps at his skin as he marches down the curving
text: driveway, breath puffing from his nostrils like a locomotive.
dialog: 103.
text: He rounds a bend and sees a shaggy GIANT in overalls rising
text: from an overturned lawn-mower. He claps the dust from his
dialog: gloves.
speaker_heading: GROUNDSMAN
dialog: off somewhere?
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: You bet I am! To the land of the
dialog: living.
text: He strides decisively past hiding his growing confusion in
text: the layout of the grounds.
text: He follows the drive and realizes he has found himself back
text: at the dining room annex.
text: Cavnedish huffs as the Undead of Aurora House watch him
text: through the wall of glass.
text: He raises his hands in mocking horror.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (CONT’D)
dialog: Soylent Green is people! Soylent
dialog: Green is made of people!
text: They stare at him puzzled, when one of them taps on the
text: window and pointing behind him.
text: Cavendish turns and sees the groundsman coming at him fast.
speaker_heading: GROUNDSMAN
dialog: Oy! Get back here you!
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: You keep away from me or I’1l be
dialog: forced to name you an accomplice in
text: the police report.
text: The groundsman grabs for his shoulder but Cavendish swats him
text: away and angles himself behind a cart of clay pots.
speaker_heading: GROUNDSMAN
dialog: I've better things to do than
dialog: this...
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Then go and do them, you bloody
dialog: sodding soap-dodger!
text: Cavendish heaves at the cart toppling it the ceramic pots
text: crashing down shattering at the giant’s feet.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: GROUNDSMAN
dialog: Right!
text: Cavendish’s eyes go wide as the Groundsman springs at him,
text: this time knocking away his flailing defenses, arms wrapping
text: him up in a crushing bear-hug.
text: The stink of fertilizer fills Cavendish’s nostrils.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Get your hands off of me, you
dialog: cruddy ruddy rugger bugger yob!
text: The bear-hug tightens and Cavendish, with a breathless,
text: silent scream, is abandoned by all force to fight back.
text: Like a moldy sack of flour, the groundsman carries Cavendish
text: by the picture window of Aurora House gapers.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY - YEAR 2144
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: Where did Chang take you?
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
text: A private Disneyarium.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: I didn’t know they still existed.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: It was in the old Neon District.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: What did you see?
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
text: The rest of it.
scene_heading: INT. DISNEYARIUM - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: Chang and Sonmi huddle in the cramped “theatre.” The room is
text: the equivalent of a present day porn booth, where movies are
text: ordered via a comlink.
text: On the crystal screen a calm Cavendish look-a-like sips wine
text: while typing his memoirs.
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
text: Outside, fat snowflakes are falling
text: on slate roofs and granite walls.
dialog: Like Solzhenitsyn laboring in
dialog: Vermont, I shall beaver away in
dialog: exile, far from the city that knit-
dialog: ted my bones.
text: The music swells as Chang looks over at Sonmi whose eyes
text: quiver with tears. We aren’t sure if she is happy or sad.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Unlike Solzhenitsyn, I shan't be
dialog: alone.
text: We do not see whom he is referring to, staying focused on
dialog: Sonmi and Chang.
scene_heading: INT. FROBISHER’S BEDROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 1931
text: Frobisher eases back onto his bed.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: I’ve taken Jocasta as a lover.
text: Jocasta casually opens her robe, revealing her mature but
dialog: well cared for body.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Don't alarm yourself, Sixsmith!
dialog: Only in the carnal sense. Don't
dialog: wish to brag, but her first visit
dialog: at night didn't take me by
dialog: surprise.
text: They begin making love; Frobisher attending with a
dialog: connoisseur's care.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Really, you should try women. They
dialog: enchant in different ways: a
dialog: section of strings rather than
dialog: horns, delicate, subtle, their
dialog: desire like a secret and yet
dialog: invariably, when one unlocks a
text: woman's body, her box of
text: confidences also spills. What
dialog: secrets, I wonder, will tumble from
dialog: Madame Crommelynck’s lips?
text: He kisses parts of her body that no one has kissed for a long
text: time and she moans with pleasure.
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: INT. HALL, AURORA HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Industrial skylights cast perfect slabs of blue moonlight
text: along the floor of the otherwise dark corridor. They shimmer
text: like sacrificial altars in the quiet of Aurora House.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
text: The stage is set.
text: Cavendish creeps down the hall in a series of stealthy
text: serpentine stop-starts.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Aurora House, the chess board.
text: He edges into a shadow opposite of a security camera.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: They will learn this certainty of
text: certainties, a battle of wits with
dialog: a Cavendish is surely a losing
dialog: proposition.
text: One final quick dash and he enters Nurse Judd’s office.
scene_heading: INT. NURSE JUDD’S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: Cavendish lifts the phone, fingers dancing over the keypad.
text: The receiver chirps in his ear as it rings.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Come on, Denny old boy...
text: After an almost interminable wait, the line is answered.
speaker_heading: DENHOLME (0.S.)
dialog: Who in the bloody hell is this? Do
dialog: you have any idea what time it is?
text: Cavendish’s face lights up.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Denny? It’s me, Denny! Tim!
speaker_heading: DENHOLME (0.S.)
dialog: Timothy? What? Where are you?
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: I think you bloody well know where
dialog: I am!
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: DENHOLME (0.S.)
dialog: Oh, I was assured there wasn’t a
dialog: public phone at Aurora House...
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Of course there isn’t, I’ve pinched
dialog: this one.
speaker_heading: DENHOLME (0.S.)
dialog: I will have to have a word with the
dialog: Governess about this. A man in your
dialog: condition shouldn’t be allowed to
dialog: wander at all hours.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Alright, Den. You’ve had your fun.
dialog: I think it’s high time to put an
dialog: end to this little game of yours.
speaker_heading: DENHOLME (0.S.)
dialog: Look Tim, it’s been nice catching
dialog: up with you, but it’s late--
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: What are you talking about? This is
dialog: your brother! Why are you doing
dialog: this to me?
speaker_heading: DENHOLME (0.S.)
dialog: I think a better question in this
dialog: instance would be, what have you
dialog: done to deserve this?
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: I-- I don’t know what you mean.
speaker_heading: DENHOLME (0.S.)
dialog: Come now, Timothy. Don’t insult me.
dialog: You can’t think that I didn’t know
dialog: about you and Georgette.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Georgette?
text: Cavendish swallows.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (CONT'D)
dialog: That was a long time ago, Denholme.
speaker_heading: DENHOLME (0.S.)
dialog: I’m afraid your penance and
dialog: reconciliation have come. Time to
dialog: account for your crimes.
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Look Den, I never meant to hurt you-
text: Cavendish flusters.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m-- I’m so sorry.
text: Denholme chuckles.
speaker_heading: DENHOLME (0.S.)
dialog: No apologies necessary Timbo. Your
dialog: exile to Aurora House is more than
dialog: enough reparation. Nice and tidy.
dialog: Not to mention humane. You see, as
dialog: it stands now, I won’t have to kill
dialog: you.
text: The line clicks dead as the lights pop on. An extremely
text: agitated Nurse Judd stands in the doorway, flanked by Mr.
dialog: Withers.
scene_heading: INT. FROBISHER’S BEDROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 1931
text: Frobisher is smoking a cigarette. Jocasta beside him,
text: staring at him.
speaker_heading: JOCASTA
dialog: You are so much like Vyvyan...
text: The comparison flatters him.
speaker_heading: JOCASTA (CONT'D)
dialog: The way the light catches your eye,
dialog: the silhouette of your shoulder and
dialog: neck; all these little things that
dialog: remind me of him when we first met.
text: He turns towards her.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: Tell me about it. Where were you
dialog: when you met?
text: She is shy about it even though it is a fond memory.
speaker_heading: JOCASTA
dialog: I was a student, like you--
text: Suddenly, someone pounds hurriedly on the door.
speaker_heading: AYRS (0.S.)
dialog: Frobisher! Open up!
dialog: 109.
text: The doorknob is rattled.
speaker_heading: AYRS (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Hurry, man! Open the door!
text: Panicking, Jocasta buries herself beneath the covers as
text: Frobisher wraps a robe around himself and opens the door.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: Ayrs, what time is it?
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: Who cares? I don’t know! I’ve
dialog: heard a melody, boy. For violin.
dialog: Quick. Paper. Find a pen!
text: Frobisher looks helplessly around as Ayrs rushes past him.
speaker_heading: AYRS (CONT'D)
dialog: Why the deuce do you lock your door
dialog: if you sleep with the windows open?
text: He falls into the chair near the fireplace.
speaker_heading: AYRS (CONT'D)
dialog: I heard it in a dream... I was ina
text: nightmarish cafe, blaring, bright
dialog: light but underground, with no way
dialog: out and the waitresses... they all
dialog: +--+. had the same face.
text: Frobisher finds pen and paper, then adjusts the second chair
text: so Ayrs won’t look towards the bed.
speaker_heading: AYRS (CONT’D)
dialog: There was music playing,
text: compressed, hollow sounding but
dialog: unlike any music I have ever heard
dialog: in my life.
text: He closes his eyes and tries to conjure it.
speaker_heading: AYRS (CONT’D)
dialog: It began as Wagner’s Tristan Chord,
text: hovering on the edge of
dialog: dissonance... augmented fourth,
dialog: augmented sixth...
text: Frobisher scribbles the notes.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: Augmented second above what root?
dialog: Cc?
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: Ge B?
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: -. yes.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: Flat?
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: Major.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: Wait, no, I don’t know, help me,
dialog: Robert! Help me, it’s sipping away!
text: AYRS grabs hold of Frobisher’s arm but the younger man
text: doesn’t know how to help him.
speaker_heading: AYRS (CONT'D)
dialog: It was so clear a minute ago...
text: He closes his eyes and listens for it again. He sags,
dialog: defeated.
speaker_heading: AYRS (CONT’D)
dialog: I’ve lost it... it’s gone.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: It’ll come to you sir. The minute
dialog: you stop trying to find it, it’ll
dialog: find you.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: You are naive, Robert.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: I am anything but.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: There is a gulf between these
dialog: chairs.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: You are older, true--
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: Fifty years is more than time--
dialog: lll.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: But what you want is no different
dialog: from what I want.
text: A beat.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (CONT’D)
text: The gulf is an illusion.
text: Ayrs throws a quizzical smile at Frobisher.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: What are you doing here, Robert?
dialog: You’re young, talented, intelligent
dialog: and by all accounts not wholly
dialog: repugnant. Why do you stay?
text: Frobisher sits in his chair knowing that he cannot answer the
dialog: question honestly.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: I have learned more from you in six
dialog: months then two years with the
text: parrots of Caius.
text: Ayrs smiles but knows it is not the whole truth. He hauls
text: himself to his feet and they say good night to each other.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: How I longed to speak the truth, to
text: look him straight in the eye and
dialog: say, “because of you, sir. Because
dialog: of the way you look at me when my
dialog: fingers coax your “tar-tatty-tatty-
text: tar” into a gentle melody. Because
dialog: of the way you conduct with your
dialog: cigarette. Because of the way your
dialog: soul swims in your eyes. Because
dialog: you are my Verlaine and I, your
text: reckless, desperate Rimbaud.
dialog: Because this is the relationship I
dialog: have been waiting for all my life.”
text: The door closes with a heaviness and Frobisher sags against
dialog: it until--
text: Jocasta climbs out from the bed, her expression a bemused
text: smile gleaned by insight.
speaker_heading: JOCASTA
dialog: I think my husband has fallen in
dialog: love with you.
dialog: 112.
text: Her words send an electric thrill through his body but he
text: hides it behind his own shy smile.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: Come now, don’t make me feel the
dialog: cad.
text: Her stare bores to his soul.
speaker_heading: JOCASTA
dialog: We both know what you are.
scene_heading: INT. CAMBRIDGE COLLEGE - SIXSMITH’S ROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 1931
text: Sixsmith sits in the dark room, reading by candlelight.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: “I think my husband has fallen in
dialog: love with you.” How many times did
text: I replay her words in my mind.
dialog: Don’t be angry with me for telling
dialog: you the truth, Sixsmith. I had to
dialog: tell someone. Try to understand.
dialog: Music has come into my life.
text: We hear the Cloud Atlas Sextet begin to swell.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Music as beautiful as any I have
dialog: ever heard.
text: Alone, Sixsmith begins to cry.
scene_heading: EXT. SWANEKKE ISLAND BRIDGE - DAY - YEAR 1973
text: Frobisher’s “Cloud Atlas Sextet” is heard over Luisa’s rust-
text: orange Beetle roaring over the bridge heading for the
text: concrete cooling towers that rise like man-made mountains.
text: The demonstrators surround the security gate. We have seen
text: this moment from the beginning of the film.
scene_heading: INT. SWANNEKKE POWER PLANT - DAY - YEAR 1973
text: Luisa is met by an attractive, flawlessly constructed woman
text: named FAY LI, who is finishing a conversation with JOE
text: NAPIER, early sixties, routine security presence.
speaker_heading: FAY LI
dialog: Hi, Fay Li, Seaboard PR.
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Luisa Rey. Spyglass Magazine.
speaker_heading: FAY LI
dialog: This is Joe Napier, our security
dialog: chief here.
speaker_heading: JOE NAPIER
dialog: Anything you girls need, just let
dialog: me know.
text: He leaves. Fay Li guides Luisa to the lab entrance.
speaker_heading: FAY LI
dialog: I was surprised to get your query.
dialog: Don’t get me wrong. It’s a feisty
dialog: magazine.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: My editor wants to try shake things
dialog: up. He says the public wants more
text: substance. Probably just a fad.
text: Li smiles.
speaker_heading: FAY LI
dialog: Well follow me and we can start
dialog: with the Chicken Ranch.
text: Luisa doesn’t understand.
speaker_heading: FAY LI (CONT’D)
dialog: That’s where we keep the Eggheads--
scene_heading: INT. SWANNEKKE POWER PLANT - RESEARCH LAB - DAY - YEAR 1973
text: Fay Li uses her ID card to get into the restricted lab.
speaker_heading: FAY LI
dialog: (winks) and speaking of which, if
dialog: you wait right here, I’ll go find
dialog: someone who can actually explain
dialog: what is going on here.
text: Luisa smiles as Fay heads towards a cluster of offices. Left
text: alone, Luisa begins to peek around when she notices a
text: prominent office and the name on the frosted glass badly
dialog: scraped away--
dialog: Dr. Rufus Sixsmith.
text: Her skin tingles. She takes a deep breath.
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Okay... what would dad do?
text: She slips quickly through the door.
scene_heading: INT. THE PROPHETESS - OFFICER’S MESS - YEAR 1846
text: Ewing pushes open the door to the officer’s mess, confronting
text: a grumpy Captain Molyneux and Mr. Boerhaave.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: Good morning Captain.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN MOLYNEUX
dialog: You can help it remain so,
text: Quillcock, by buggering off.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: I’m afraid sir, I am unable to do
dialog: that, for if I did, I would be
dialog: unable to inform you of the
dialog: stowaway I discovered in my room.
speaker_heading: BOERHAAVE
dialog: Stowaway?!
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: Before any thought is given to my
dialog: complicity, recall that I asked for
dialog: the coil of hawser be removed
dialog: thereby begging for my putative
dialog: conspiracy to be uncovered? I am
dialog: neither that foolish or that
dialog: brazen.
speaker_heading: BOERHAAVE
dialog: Give me five minutes, Captain, and
dialog: I’ll flay the truth from him.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: I assure you this Moriori had no
dialog: choice. His liver was to be carved
dialog: from his side and served to his
text: master. He has thrown himself upon
dialog: your mercy as Christians and has
dialog: sworn to me that he is a first
dialog: class, able-bodied seaman capable
dialog: of earning passage, if only given a
dialog: chance.
speaker_heading: BOERHAAVE
dialog: A stowaway is a stowaway even if he
dialog: shits silver nuggets!
dialog: 115.
text: The Captain swims up from the bottom of his tankard of ale.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN MOLYNEUX
dialog: Let’s have a bit of fun, shall we?
dialog: Mr. Boerhaave, my fowling piece, if
dialog: you please. Mr. Roderick, fetch Mr.
text: Ewing’s pet savage afoot to the
dialog: mizen.
scene_heading: INT. SWANNEKKE POWER PLANT - SIXSMITH’S OFFICE - DAY - YEAR
dialog: 1973
text: Luisa is digging through the drawers and several boxes when
text: she hears someone at the door.
text: A shadow is seen under the door. The handle begins to turn.
text: She knows she is about to be caught--
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST (V.O.)
dialog: I'd like to talk to you about the
dialog: night of your arrest.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY - YEAR 2144
dialog: The memory is not pleasant.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: I’m sure you have read through the
dialog: files.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: We would prefer it in your own
dialog: words.
text: Her eyes turn hard.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Boom-Sook Kim and his friends had
dialog: been drinking.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PROPHETESS - DAY - YEAR 1846
text: Mr. Roderick and another shipmate haul Autua roughly up from
text: below deck. A crowd has gathered. The Captain chortles,
text: swilling liquor from a bottle.
text: Autua is very frightened.
speaker_heading: AUTUA
dialog: Mr. Ewing! Mr. Ewing!
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: It’s all right Autua. I’ve talked
dialog: to the Captain. He’1ll hear your
dialog: case. I trust he is a fair man.
text: Autua looks at a snarling Boerhaave and remains unconvinced.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN MOLYNEUX
dialog: What’s your name boy?
speaker_heading: AUTUA
dialog: Autua, sir, Captain.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN MOLYNEUX
dialog: This Christian gentleman, who knows
dialog: nothing about ships, tells me that
dialog: you're a first-class sailor?
dialog: Where’d you cut your salt, then?
text: He finds his courage, proud of his past.
speaker_heading: AUTUA
dialog: ‘Aye, Cap'n, sir, two years on the
dialog: whaler Mississippi under Captain
dialog: Maspero and four years on the
text: Cornucopia under Captain Caton.
text: All hands watch like a tennis match, turning to the Captain.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN MOLYNEUX
dialog: Very well. Let’s see you lower
dialog: this midmast royal.
text: Autua looks at the mast the Captain indicated and hesitates,
text: confused. Ewing is suddenly afraid that Autua might have
dialog: been lying.
speaker_heading: AUTUA
dialog: ..-but sir, this mast ain’t the
dialog: midmast, this the mizzen, aye?
text: A murmur of appreciation rustles through the crowd. The
text: Captain smiles.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN MOLYNEUX
text: Then kindly lower the mizzen royal.
text: Autua smiles and leaps to the pole, scampering up it as
text: easily if it were a flight of stairs.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN MOLYNEUX (CONT’D)
dialog: Mr. Boerhaave, ready my piece.
text: Boerhaave grins like a skull.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: What?
scene_heading: CAPTAIN MOLYNEUX
dialog: On my mark-
text: Boerhaave takes aim at Autua with the rifle.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: No! You can’t do this!
scene_heading: CAPTAIN MOLYNEUX
dialog: No one tells me what I can or
dialog: cannot do on my ship especially
dialog: when it concerns nigger stowaways.
dialog: Mr Boerhaave do not make a mess of
dialog: my deck.
speaker_heading: BOERHAAVE
dialog: Aye, aye, Captain.
text: Autua moves towards the far side of the mast, the rifle
text: barrel settles and then--
scene_heading: INT. BOOM-SOOK’S DORMROOM - DAY - YEAR 2144
speaker_heading: THUNK!
dialog: 117.
text: A crossbow bolt shoots into the wall beside Sonmi who just
text: entered the room, frightening her and causing her to drop the
text: trays of covered food.
text: Boom-sook and his FRIENDS all laugh. They have all been
text: drinking heavily.
speaker_heading: BOOM-SOOK
dialog: Told you. Reflexes need fine-
dialog: tuning. A fabricant should never
dialog: flinch, especially when used for
dialog: target practice.
speaker_heading: MIN-SIC
dialog: Maybe we should start a behavior
dialog: modification right now.
speaker_heading: BOOM-SOOK
dialog: Excellent idea. Sonmi-451. This
dialog: is your master speaking. Stand
text: against the wall.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: (frightened) Seer Kim?
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: BOOM-SOOK
dialog: Do it!
text: She complies.
text: Boom takes a plum and puts it on her head.
speaker_heading: BOOM-SOOK (CONT’D)
dialog: Now, hold very, very still.
speaker_heading: FANG
dialog: You'll never do it, Boom. You know
dialog: how much shit you’ll be in if you
dialog: kill an experimental clone?
text: Boom takes aim.
speaker_heading: FANG (CONT'D)
dialog: 500 credits says he doesn’t come
dialog: within ten centimeters.
text: His hand trembles. Sonmi waits to die.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PROPHETESS - DAY - YEAR 1846
text: Autua scrambles unaware of the fact that he is about to be
dialog: killed.
text: Ewing can barely contain his turmoil; helplessness and fear
text: and rage churn inside of him.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: Captain! Please!
scene_heading: CAPTAIN MOLYNEUX
dialog: Mr. Boerhaave, my bottle is empty.
speaker_heading: BOERHAAVE
dialog: Aye, aye, sir.
text: Boerhaave smiles as his finger tightens--
scene_heading: INT. BOOM-SOOK’S DORMROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: Boom-sook fires.
text: The arrow hits Sonmi and she screams.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PROPHETESS - DAY - YEAR 1846
dialog: Ewing can’t just stand and watch.
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: Captain, hear me out--
text: He moves and “stumbles” into Boerhaave who fires, missing
dialog: wildly.
text: Autua pays no attention to what is happening, scampering from
dialog: one end to the other--
text: Boerhaave spits venom, grabbing hold of Ewing.
speaker_heading: BOERHAAVE
dialog: Damn you, Quillcock! Abettors
text: share the same fate as stowaways on
dialog: this ship!
speaker_heading: OLD SALTY DOG
dialog: Cap’n look! He’s got fish-hooks
dialog: for toes.
text: The entire crew is transfixed as Autua swings out using his
dialog: entire body as a counter-weight--
text: The great sail billowing out like a parachute behind him--
text: Landing gently on the deck as the salty sea dog cackles with
dialog: laughter.
speaker_heading: OLD SALTY DOG (CONT’D)
dialog: Haa! The darkies salt as I am!
text: The captain rubs his chin.
scene_heading: CAPTAIN MOLYNEUX
dialog: Mr. Boerhaave, it appears we have
dialog: an addition to our crew. Be sure
text: he earns his keep.
text: He takes the rifle and leaves Boerhaave glaring at Ewing.
scene_heading: INT. BOOM-SOOK’S DORMROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: Sonmi is on the floor, her ear badly bleeding ---
text: --- when the door explodes off its hinges.
text: Enforcers pour into the room. Boom-Sook shrieks and falls to
text: the floor, cowering as he and his friends are bagged and
text: cuffed.
text: Sonmi has only a moment before she too is bagged and
dialog: arrested.
dialog: 120.
scene_heading: INT. SWANNEKKE POWER PLANT - SIXSMITH’S OFFICE - DAY - YEAR
dialog: 1974
text: The door opens as a scientist catches Luisa in the act of
text: looking through Sixsmith’s files. His name is ISAAC SACHS.
text: Their eyes lock and Isaac feels something he would never have
dialog: expected: familiarity.
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: What are you doing in here?
dialog: There’s no good answer to that question.
speaker_heading: ISAAC (CONT’D)
dialog: You better come with me.
scene_heading: INT. SWANNEKKE POWER PLANT - RESEARCH LAB - DAY - YEAR 1973
text: Fay Li is looking everywhere for Luisa.
speaker_heading: ISAAC
text: Here she is, Ms. Li. Found her by
dialog: the chem labs... looking for a
dialog: bathroom.
text: Luisa realizes that Isaac has just covered for her.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Sorry... it’s that time again.
speaker_heading: FAY LI
dialog: Say no more. Issac, do you mind if
dialog: I conscript you a little longer to
dialog: walk Ms. Rey through the facility?
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: Lucky me.
speaker_heading: FAY LI
dialog: Think of her as an anthropologist,
dialog: here to study our tribe. Don’t bore
dialog: her with math. (to Luisa) Watch
dialog: out for him. He’s got a reputation.
dialog: One of Swannekke’s “most eligible.”
text: She flutters away, a cloud of “Charlie” in her wake. The
text: silence between them is immediately uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: ++-why did you do that?
text: Isaac searches for an answer.
dialog: 121.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON CUBE - YEAR 2144
text: Sonmi sits frightened in the corner of the cell. After a
text: long beat, the cell door grinds open.
text: Several faceless Enforcers enter and flank the room.
text: BOARDMAN MEPHI enters with the air of unassailable authority.
dialog: Sonmi stands.
speaker_heading: BOARDMAN MEPHI
dialog: You have caused quite a sensation.
text: He steps close, examining her.
speaker_heading: BOARDMAN MEPHI (CONT’D)
dialog: Everyone wants to know, can you
dialog: tell? Is it somehow visible? I
dialog: tell these buffoons, consciousness
dialog: is not a rash. That’s what makes it
dialog: so dangerous. That even beneath
dialog: this generic, manufactured features
dialog: there can be thoughts that terrify
dialog: the whole of Unnaminity. Hmmmm,
dialog: yes?
text: Sonmi doesn’t know how to answer.
speaker_heading: BOARDMAN MEPHI (CONT’D)
dialog: Shall I explain? The research
dialog: facility at our University
dialog: generates roughly two million
dialog: library download requests per
dialog: semester. The vast majority are
dialog: course texts and related articles;
dialog: the remainder relate to anything
dialog: from real estate to stock prices.
dialog: The point is, Sonmi, it takes a
dialog: reader of truly eclectic habits for
dialog: my friends the librarians to bother
dialog: alerting me.
text: He reads from his handsony.
speaker_heading: BOARDMAN MEPHI (CONT’D)
dialog: Argueto’s One Day of Life, Funes’s
dialog: Rememberences, Orwell’s 1984,
dialog: Solzhenitsyn’s Gulag Archipelago,
dialog: Murakami’s Underground, Gibbon’s
dialog: Decline and Fall and if that were
dialog: not enough for rendition, a brazen-
dialog: as-you-please request for all
dialog: references to that cancer in our
dialog: corpocratic body- Union!
text: He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: BOARDMAN MEPHI (CONT’D)
dialog: Two days of detective work by my
text: able-bodied assistant and it became
dialog: obvious that your master Boom-sook
dialog: reading Wittgenstein defied all
dialog: credulity. Conclusively, our
dialog: dissident-manque was apparently the
dialog: first Ascended fabricant, sister-
dialog: server to the notorious Yoona-939.
text: He smiles like someone who doesn’t smile very often.
speaker_heading: BOARDMAN MEPHI (CONT’D)
dialog: Now what? The Corprocrats want you
text: euthanized as a deviant. The
dialog: Manufacturer is demanding a period
dialog: of study to determine if they are
dialog: responsible for a recall or if you
dialog: are an anomaly. The
text: pyschogenomicists are screaming for
text: an immediate cerebral vivisection.
text: Sonmi can feel the walls closing in around her.
speaker_heading: BOARDMAN MEPHI (CONT’D)
dialog: In the end, a compromise has been
dialog: reached. You shall be put through a
dialog: battery of cross-disciplinary tests
dialog: for a period that shall not exceed
dialog: a full month, after which your
dialog: brain will be delivered for
dialog: complete diagnostic while the rest
dialog: of your body is incinerated.
text: Mephi turns heading for the door, before pausing.
speaker_heading: BOARDMAN MEPHI (CONT’D)
dialog: Seems almost a shame... but the
dialog: Will of the People must be
dialog: protected.
dialog: 122.
dialog: 123.
text: The Enforcers file out behind him, the door sealing itself
text: tight, leaving Sonmi completely alone.
scene_heading: INT. AURORA HOUSE - DAY - YEAR 2009
text: Cavendish lays in his bed.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
text: Trapped in a world where a clock
dialog: has no hands. Primo Levi’s “The
text: Drowned and the Saved” scrolled in
text: epitaphs across my thoughts.
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA, AURORA HOUSE - DAY
text: A pale nurse serves Cavendish his lunch; a tepid lamb chop,
text: starch grenade potatoes and canned carrots.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: “Freedom” the fatuous jingle of our
dialog: civilization but only those
dialog: deprived of it have the barest
text: inkling of what it really is.
text: Cavendish sits in front of his tray staring at the horror it
dialog: holds.
text: A nearby couple watches him intently as he surreptitiously
text: pockets his meds. This is ERNIE and VERONICA.
scene_heading: INT. CAVENDISH’S ROOM, AURORA HOUSE - DAY
text: Cavendish stands at the window, the afternoon sun throwing a
text: crosshatch of shadow on his face from the security cage.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: Behold your future, Cavendish the
dialog: Younger. You will not apply for
dialog: membership, but the tribe of the
dialog: elderly will claim you.
text: Behind him a once stately woman and her colleague a rickety
text: greyhound of a man in a blazer stare in consternation.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Look here, boyo, we know you’ve had
dialog: a rough time of it, but we're here
dialog: to help.
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: GWENDOLIN
dialog: A position to record Residents
dialog: Committee meeting minutes has
dialog: opened. A fine opportunity for you
dialog: to jolly well get involved! I
dialog: understand you were in publishing.
text: Cavendish turns, his chin jutting coldly.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: I still am in publishing. Do I look
dialog: like I should be here?
text: Dust motes hang in the silence.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Psst. Your fly’s undone, boyo.
text: He turns back to the window.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Get out.
text: The two exit leaving him once again alone.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: This inescapable reality will
text: become evident only when the last
dialog: vestiges of your dignity are
text: stripped away.
text: Cavendish zips his pants.
scene_heading: INT. EXAMINATION LAB - YEAR 2144
text: Sonmi is strapped into a testing device. Various screens
text: pulse with MRI-like images, others reading chemistry
text: fluctuations and organ functions.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST (V.O.)
dialog: You accepted that your life had
dialog: come to an end?
text: A measure of electricity is sent through a synapse in her
text: brain. Her body convulses against her restraints.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (V.O.)
dialog: I wished to be as strong as the
dialog: German thinker Nietzsche. I wished
dialog: to not merely bear what was
dialog: necessary, but to love it.
text: The course ends and her body sags.
text: The scientists nod and make notes.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: In truth, every day all I really
dialog: wished for was an end to my
dialog: suffering, for someone to release
dialog: me.
scene_heading: INT. THE PROPHETESS - EWING’S ROOM - NIGHT
text: A pale and sickly Ewing collapses upon his bed.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: Henry, I feel terrible... so weak.
dialog: Everything hurts.
speaker_heading: GOOSE
dialog: The days events, the excitements,
dialog: it was all too much. Tomorrow you
dialog: must rest.
dialog: 125.
text: Goose smiles, his over large teeth yellow in the swaying
text: lantern light, as he prepares another spoonful of medicine.
speaker_heading: GOOSE (CONT’D)
dialog: Soon, Adam. It’1ll all be over soon.
text: Adam inhales the medicine through his nose, Goose still
text: holding the spoon.
scene_heading: INT. BAILEY DWELLING - DAY - YEAR 2321
text: Catkin slurps from the spoon as Zachry feeds her.
speaker_heading: CATKIN
dialog: Scorp’n fish soup! Mmmhmm! My
dialog: fav’rite.
text: They both smile.
speaker_heading: CATKIN (CONT'D)
dialog: Ma says you guidin’ Meronym up
dialog: Mauna Kea. (slurp) Call’d you a
text: bravey-balled bullock.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Me’n’Meronym got a pact. You know,
dialog: a pact’s’a’pact.
speaker_heading: CATKIN
dialog: Then pact with me. Promise, you’1ll
dialog: come back, safewise, both’a you.
dialog: 126.
text: He smiles and weaves his fingers into hers.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Yay... I promise.
scene_heading: EXT. BALCONY - SWANEEKKE - NIGHT - YEAR 1973
text: Isaac is supposed to be giving Luisa a tour of the
dialog: containment chamber.
text: Instead they stand at a railing overlooking the massive
dialog: structure.
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: The funny thing is I’m not even
dialog: supposed to be here. I was meant to
dialog: be in Washington but this stupid
dialog: air-traffic controller strike
dialog: screwed everything up so I have to
dialog: take the red-eye tonight. Do you
dialog: ever feel like the universe is
dialog: against you?
text: She takes a joint out of her cigarette pack.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: All the time. You mind?
dialog: Trying to be cool.
speaker_heading: ISSAC
dialog: No, no. Go ahead.
text: She lights it, taking a strong hit, while he looks around
text: making sure the coast is clear.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: You seem nervous, Issac. Do I make
dialog: you nervous?
text: She offers him the joint. He hedges, than takes it.
speaker_heading: ISSAC
dialog: No, uh-uh, actually the opposite.
text: She cocks an eyebrow while he takes a hit and coughs a
text: little. He passes the joint back to her.
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: ISSAC (CONT’D)
dialog: I had a girlfriend once, I mean,
dialog: I’ve had lots of girlfriends, well
dialog: not lots, I’ve had my fair share,
dialog: but there was one who you kind of
dialog: remind me of. She hated math and
dialog: kept trying to get me to read
dialog: Carlos Castenada. You ever read
dialog: any of that stuff?
text: She smiles, nodding, blowing smoke out into the great
text: concrete void.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Oh yeah.
speaker_heading: ISSAC
dialog: I don’t really believe any of that
dialog: past life nonsense but every once
dialog: in a while... I don’t know, I can’t
dialog: explain it but I knew when I opened
dialog: that door, somehow I knew you were
dialog: going to be there.
text: Isaac takes another hit, enjoying the taste of her lipstick.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: But that doesn’t explain why you
dialog: covered for me.
speaker_heading: ISSAC
dialog: Rufus Sixsmith was a mentor to me.
dialog: Taught me how to play chess, how to
dialog: make a good pot of tea, the best
dialog: way to enjoy cricket (asleep on the
dialog: couch) and when the aforementioned
dialog: girlfriend dumped me for a guy who
dialog: she believed had been her concubine
dialog: in a past life, he gave me a
dialog: shoulder to cry on. He was a good
dialog: friend.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: I’m sorry.
text: Two operators partially dressed in radiation suits, enter the
text: bridge and pass by. He hides the joint and does his best
dialog: “tour guide.”
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: --It is the safest and most
dialog: sophisticated containment system in
dialog: the world.
dialog: 128.
text: The operators exit the other side.
text: He watches the smoke rise in wisps and disappear into the
text: concrete void.
speaker_heading: ISAAC (CONT'D)
dialog: They destroyed most of the copies
dialog: of the report.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Most?
text: He looks at her like someone about to jump off a bridge.
speaker_heading: ISAAC
dialog: There is no good choice here, is
dialog: there? If I help you, I could lose
dialog: my job or... worse. But if I
dialog: don’t, a lot of people... it’1l be
dialog: worse than worse.
text: After a moment of silence, she looks him in the eye.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: You have to do, whatever you can’t
dialog: not do.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON CUBE - YEAR 2144
text: Sonmi looks up as the enforcers open the cell. The
text: experiments have taken their toll. Her perfect features are
text: worn and haggard. She seems near to death.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Please. I can’t...
text: One of the Enforcers steps forward. Her own face is
text: reflected in the mirrored visor of his helmet.
text: He pulls a flask from his pocket.
speaker_heading: ENFORCER
dialog: Drink this.
text: There is something familiar in his voice.
scene_heading: INT. THE PROPHETESS - EWING’S ROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 1846
text: Autua holds Ewing, tipping a cup of water to his lips.
dialog: 129.
speaker_heading: AUTUA
dialog: You gotta drink, Missa Ewing. And
dialog: eat. You need food.
text: He reaches into his pocket pulling out the same kind of roll
dialog: Ewing brought him.
speaker_heading: AUTUA (CONT’D)
dialog: Look. Like you brought me.
text: He smiles. Ewing tries to return the smile. Tries to eat
dialog: but it’s not working.
speaker_heading: AUTUA (CONT’D)
dialog: Come on, Missa Ewing. I ain’t
dialog: gonn’a let you die here.
scene_heading: INT. AURORA HOUSE BEDROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 2009
text: Cavendish lies listlessly in his bed, trying to finish
dialog: reading the Luis Rey manuscript.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: My only salvation came in the form
dialog: of the manuscript I had brought
dialog: with me. I read it like a bible.
dialog: The struggles of Luisa Rey became
dialog: my own.
text: A letter suddenly slides under the door.
scene_heading: INT. SWANNEKKE ISLAND - PARKING GARAGE - NIGHT - YEAR 1973
text: Luisa opens the hood of Garcia. She stares at something that
text: someone put in her car; it glows pale white against the
dialog: darkness-—
dialog: The Sixsmith Report.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE - YEAR 1973
text: Isaac Sachs sits on the plane, writing in his journal.
speaker_heading: ISAAC (V.O.)
dialog: Exposition: The problem of the
dialog: “actual past” and the “virtual
dialog: past” can be illustrated by a
dialog: historical event like the sinking
dialog: of the Titanic.
dialog: 130.
text: The camera booms down to find a black attache case beneath an
text: empty chair.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINSIDE - DESTROYED CITY - DUSK - YEAR 2321
text: Meronym and Zachry reach a plateau where there was once a
dialog: large city.
text: The shells that were once buildings, slump and lay like suits
text: of armor of a medieval battle, long after the carrion had
dialog: hollowed them out.
text: Trees grow out through windows, vines drip from moss covered
text: satellite dishes, vehicles, partially buried seem more like
text: grown-over crypts than cars.
speaker_heading: ISAAC (V.O.)
dialog: The disaster as it actually
text: occurred fades into obscurity as
text: witnesses die off, documents are
text: destroyed and the wreck itself
text: dissolves in its Atlantic grave.
scene_heading: INT. CHATEAU ZEDELGHEM - MUSIC ROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 1931
text: Frobisher plays the Atlas, half dressed, lost in a fugue,
text: scribbling notes quickly as the music pours out of him.
speaker_heading: ISAAC (V.O.)
text: Yet a virtual sinking, created out
dialog: of reworked memory, hearsay,
dialog: fiction, in short- belief grows
dialog: ever more “true”.
scene_heading: INT. SWANNEKKE ISLAND - PARKING GARAGE - NIGHT - YEAR 1973
text: Luisa slams her hood. Jumps in the car and peels out.
text: As the car passes we see the lens of a security camera
text: watching her.
speaker_heading: ISAAC (V.O.)
text: The virtual past is malleable,
text: easily pressed into the service of
dialog: the present as Powers vie for
dialog: legitimacy and the right to control
dialog: the actual and the virtual future.
dialog: 131.
scene_heading: INT. AURORA HOUSE BEDROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 2009
text: Cavendish opens the letter. Inside is a note that reads:
dialog: “You want out? Find the Boiler room. After lunch.”
scene_heading: INT. PRISON CELL - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: Sonmi acquiesces, nodding, ready to continue. The Enforcer
text: that gave her the drink, lifts her and they escort her out of
dialog: her cell.
speaker_heading: ISAAC (V.O.)
text: The uncreated and the dead exist in
dialog: both the actual and virtual past.
scene_heading: INT. CHATEAU ZEDELGHEM - MUSIC ROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 1931
text: Suddenly, the music stops.
text: Frobisher’s fingers are as still as a nervous deer.
text: Ayrs, in his bed clothes, looking as if just woken from a
text: dream sits in his wheelchair.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: That’s it. The music from my dream.
scene_heading: EXT. SWANEKKE ISLAND BRIDGE - NIGHT - YEAR 2009
text: Luisa races towards the crest of the bridge. Behind her, a
text: blue sedan with its lights turned off glides in pursuit with
text: the same menace as a shark.
dialog: We have seen this scene before.
speaker_heading: ISAAC (V.O.)
dialog: Symmetry demands that future
dialog: creations and future selves wait to
dialog: be influenced by our present self.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPLANE - DAY - YEAR 1973
text: The plane speeds for its take off. Isaac continues to write.
speaker_heading: ISAAC (V.O.)
dialog: Proposition: I have fallen in love
dialog: with Luisa Rey. Is this possible?
dialog: I just met her and yet I feel like--
text: Beneath him the attache explodes.
dialog: 132.
text: Having just lifted off, the plane is ripped open by a
text: fireball.
scene_heading: EXT. SWANEKKE ISLAND BRIDGE - NIGHT - YEAR 1973
text: The blue car accelerates and pulls up beside her. Luisa
text: looks over and sees a face that frightens her--
dialog: Bill Smoke.
text: He slams his car into Luisa’s. She screams, fighting to keep
dialog: control as--
text: His larger car smashes her into the guard-rail which holds
text: once but then shatters--
text: Sending the Volkswagen lurching off the bridge out into the
text: open air.
text: Luisa screams as the black water, shimmering like snakeskin
text: in the moonlight rushes up at her--
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN BAY - NIGHT - YEAR 1973
text: The volkswagon impacts; an explosion of furious underwater
text: bubbles scattering out.
text: Inside, Luisa smashes her head against the steering wheel,
text: blood gushing from the gash as--
text: She is knocked unconscious.
text: From above, the car sinks in lazy liquid speed; the hood
text: coughs open and the Sixsmith report dreamily floats out and
text: into the abyss.
scene_heading: INT. CHATEAU ZEDELGHEM - MUSIC ROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 1931
text: Ayrs looks like he has seen a ghost.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: How do you know that music? Where
dialog: did it come from?
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: It is the piece I have been working
dialog: on. I call it The Cloud Atlas
dialog: Sextet.
text: Ayrs wheels himself closer.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: No. No, Robert. This is from my
dialog: dream. That night I came to your
dialog: room, this is the music I heard in
dialog: my head. Somehow I gave it to you.
text: Frobisher smiles and begins to play gently.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
text: While the idea of a sub-conscious
dialog: connection to you excites my
dialog: imagination, I’m afraid there is a
dialog: more rational explanation.
dialog: 133.
text: The music casts a romantic spell over the conversation.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (CONT’D)
dialog: I have been working on the Atlas
dialog: for weeks now and I suspect you
dialog: heard it and incorporated it into
dialog: your dream.
text: The old man wheels towards the piano, staring
text: prospector might stare at a pan full of gold.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: This, Robert... is meant for
dialog: Eternal Recurrence. Let me have it,
dialog: and I will explore its hidden
dialog: secrets. Bring them to the surface.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: The Atlas, I believe, is the only
dialog: thing I have ever done in my life
dialog: that has value. Yet, I would give
dialog: it to you, give it gladly, if only
dialog: this... situation was different.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: What do you mean? Different how?
text: He is unable to look at Ayrs, playing softly.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: There are whole movements in the
dialog: Atlas that I wrote imagining us
dialog: meeting again and again in
dialog: different lives, in different
dialog: ages...
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: Yes, yes. It is the essence of
dialog: Eternal Recurrence. We are bathing
text: in the same creative water, Robert.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: at it asa
dialog: 134.
speaker_heading: AYRS (CONT'D)
dialog: Something as important as this
dialog: cannot be described as yours or
dialog: mine. It is ours.
text: He stops playing. His heart stands on the threshold of its
text: closet. He shifts on the bench turning towards the older man.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: That is exactly how I feel, Vyvyan.
dialog: That and more.
text: He puts his hand on Ayr’s leg.
text: Ayrs stares down at the hand on his knee. It is impossible to
text: read the old man’s reaction.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (CONT’D)
dialog: You can have the Atlas, Vyvyan.
dialog: You can have every musical thought
dialog: I ever have. All I need is one
dialog: thing in return.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: You.
text: It is impossible to read the old man’s reaction.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (CONT'D)
dialog: You don’t belong here. We both
dialog: know it’s true. Come away with me.
dialog: Leave Zeldelghem. Leave this
text: rotting prison that reeks of
dialog: mushrooms and mold. Leave your
dialog: wife. Let us flee and be free to
dialog: live however many days we have
dialog: left, together. Run away with me,
dialog: Vyvyan. Run away with me...
text: Trembling, Frobisher dares to lift his other hand and touch
text: Ayrs’ cheek with his fingertips...
scene_heading: INT. PRISON HALL - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: Sonmi is led through the halls by the Enforcers that surround
dialog: and dwarf her.
text: They march for a moment when one of the Enforcers moves with
text: casual ease, as if he were pulling a pack of cigarettes from
dialog: his pocket--
dialog: 135.
text: Takes out a gun and spins towards her, aiming at what looks
dialog: like her head--
text: But turns out to be the Enforcer behind her.
text: His head explodes inside his helmet.
text: Before anyone can react, he spins back and puts two more dum-
text: dum bullets in the remaining Enforcer.
text: Sonmi is paralyzed.
text: He pulls off his helmet revealing himself. It is Chang.
text: Without thinking about it, she throws her arms around him,
text: clinging as a child might cling to a returned parent.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: I’m sorry.
text: Tears squeeze from her closed eyes.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: ...they hurt me.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: I know. I know. I’m going to get
dialog: you out of here. Come.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON HALL - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: Sonmi follows Chang as they rush through a labyrinth of
text: halls. He leads her towards a door.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: In here.
text: Alarms begin to sound.
speaker_heading: CHANG (CONT’D)
dialog: Hurry.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON LOADING DOCK - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: They enter a large loading dock where supplies for the prison
dialog: arrive.
text: Three ENFORCERS react, training their guns on him.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: It’s all right, it’s all right.
dialog: 136.
text: He waves his fake ID at them. They are confused while the
text: alarm continues to blare.
speaker_heading: CHANG (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m working for Boardman Mephi--
text: He lifts his gun and kills them all before they have a chance
dialog: to blink.
speaker_heading: CHANG (CONT'D)
dialog: In here.
text: He puts Sonmi inside a transport filled with bags of laundry.
text: He strips off his Enforcer uniform. Underneath he is wearing
text: a bright colored Laundry Engineer uniform.
speaker_heading: CHANG (CONT'D)
dialog: Stay hidden.
text: He climbs into the driver seat. More Enforcers are arriving
text: at the dock as he eases the transport out the bay door.
scene_heading: INT. TRANSPORT - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: Sonmi is jostled as the car begins to pick up speed.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Chang!
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: I told you: Hae-Joo.
text: Chang watches the screens for pursuing vehicles.
speaker_heading: CHANG (CONT’D)
dialog: Uh oh.
text: In the distance, several individual pod-cars shoot into the
text: their tube, while above the prison a large hovercraft rises
dialog: up.
text: Like a cross between a harrier jet and a blackhawk
text: helicopter, it looks fast and mean.
speaker_heading: CHANG (CONT’D)
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Trouble.
dialog: 137.
scene_heading: INT. CHATEAU ZEDELGHEM - MUSIC ROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 1931
text: Ayrs stares at Frobisher whose trembling hand is about to
text: slowly caress his face.
text: The silence stretches until--
text: Ayrs begins to laugh.
text: It is a sound that has broken more hearts than any other.
text: Frobisher’s hands jolt backwards as if hit by high voltage.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: Vyvyan Ayrs abroad with his
dialog: shameless sodomite!
text: He roars, the cacophony of laughter exploding like violent
text: cymbals.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: I’m sorry-- I thought--
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: You thought? You thought what?!
dialog: That I might fancy a little
text: buggering from a fine young dandy
dialog: like yourself?
text: The laughter dies, smothered by disgust.
speaker_heading: AYRS (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m not sure whether the idea
dialog: strikes me as more ridiculous or
text: repugnant.
text: Frobisher hardens.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: I’1l pack my bags and be gone by
dialog: morning.
text: He stands and heads for the door but the force of Ayrs voice
text: stops him.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: You will do no such thing! You
dialog: will leave only when I say you can
dialog: leave.
text: Frobisher turns.
dialog: Frobisher
dialog: 138.
speaker_heading: AYRS (CONT'D)
dialog: Until then you will continue
dialog: working on Eternal Recurrence.
dialog: When it is finished then I will
dialog: decide what to do with you.
text: sets his jaw.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: You can’t keep me here. I’m
dialog: leaving. Good luck with Eternal
dialog: Recurrence. I’m sure a sterile old
dialog: fuck like yourself is still capable
dialog: of something completely
dialog: immemorable.
text: Again he heads for the door and again Ayrs stops him.
dialog: Frobisher
dialog: Frobisher
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: I suggest you think about this,
dialog: Robert. Really think. Leave and you
dialog: will only compound your mistake.
dialog: Think about reputation. Reputation
dialog: is everything in our society. Mine
dialog: is beyond reproach. Yours, my
dialog: disinherited, gambling, bankrupt
dialog: reprobate, is expired.
text: realizes Ayrs knows more than he thought he did.
speaker_heading: AYRS (CONT’D)
dialog: Did you not think we would check up
dialog: on someone living under our roof?
dialog: Mackerras’ himself wrote and I
dialog: quote, “He is a prostitute whose
dialog: liaisons with perverts and
dialog: sodomites were commonplace in his
dialog: brief and forgettable career at
dialog: Caius. Lock up the silverware.”
dialog: Unquote.
text: feels the world crumbling in on him.
speaker_heading: AYRS (CONT’D)
dialog: Be warned, leave Zedelghem without
dialog: my consent and all musical society
dialog: will know of the scoundrel, Robert
text: Frobisher and the unspeakable
dialog: crimes he forced upon a helpless
dialog: old man.
text: A smile twists across Ayrs mouth that reminds us of Old
dialog: Georgie.
dialog: 139.
speaker_heading: AYRS (CONT'D)
dialog: After that, even if you compose one
dialog: of the greatest symphonies ever
dialog: written, no one will ever hear it
dialog: because no one will want anything
dialog: to do with you.
scene_heading: INT. CAFETERIA - AURORA HOUSE - DAY - YEAR 2009
text: Cavendish sits alone at a table, unable to bring himself to
dialog: eat the gray food.
text: He pulls the note from his pocket, its words taunting him,
dialog: “You want out? Find the boiler room. After lunch.”
text: He stands.
scene_heading: INT. AURORA HOUSE - DAY - YEAR 2009
text: He stalks around the kitchen, searching until he sees a
text: stairway leading down. Nurse Noakes passes by and he quickly
text: ducks out of sight.
text: When the coast is clear, he slips down the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. AURORA HOUSE - BASEMENT - DAY - YEAR 2009
text: He descends into the dark basement. Pipes and wires canopy
text: the ceiling like jungle vines.
text: A lone light bulb guides him deeper into the netherworld.
text: At the end of the hall he sees a heavy metal door. Beyond it
text: there is a glow of warm light and the sound of voices.
text: He hesitates, uncertain if this is a good idea.
speaker_heading: MERONYM (V.O.)
dialog: You all right, Zachry?
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINSIDE - DESTROYED CITY - DUSK - YEAR 2321
text: Meronym and Zachry near the edges of the large city, rising
text: up the side of the mountain.
text: Improvised mass graves surround them. The wind mourns. It
dialog: is a haunted place.
dialog: 140.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Valleysman stay clear’o here.
text: Place o’tears and sick’birth an’
text: mukelung. Angry ances’try buri’d
dialog: here. Can’t you hear’m wailin’?
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: It’s jus’a wind.
text: In the darkness of a bombed building, in a hole like a ruined
text: screaming mouth, Zachry sees Old Georgie.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: (whispers) Say’s you.
text: The devil smiles and is gone.
scene_heading: INT. AURORA HOUSE - BASEMENT - DAY - YEAR 2009
text: Cavendish steals himself and pushes open the door.
text: Three faces gathered around a makeshift table, look up. It
scene_heading: is ERNIE, VERONICA and MR. MEEKS.
text: Veronica smiles.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: I told you he’d come.
text: Cavendish isn’t sure what to say.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (V.O.)
dialog: Can I ask a ques’un?
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINSIDE - NIGHT - YEAR 2321
text: The flames of the campfire lick at Zachry who sits with one
text: eye on the darkness beyond.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: Yay.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: You really ain’t feary o ‘meetin’
dialog: Old Georgie when we get to the
dialog: summit, like Truman Napes?
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: I more scaresome ‘bout the weather
dialog: then Old Georgie.
dialog: 141.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: You don’t b’lief he’s real?
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: He ain’t real for me, but that
dialog: don’t mean he can’t be real for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: But who tripped the Fall, if it
dialog: weren’t Old Georgie?
text: She looks at him, knowing this is moving towards dangerous
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: The True-true?
text: He nods.
speaker_heading: MERONYM (CONT’D)
dialog: The Old Uns.
text: It doesn’t make any sense.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: What? That’s jus’a’rope o’smoke.
dialog: The Old Uns got the Smart. They
dialog: mastered sick and seeds, they make
text: mir’cles and fly ‘cross the sky.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: True. All true. But they got
dialog: somethin’ else. A hunger’n their
dialog: hearts‘n that hunger was stronger’n
dialog: all their Smart.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Hunger for what?
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: A hunger for more.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMBRIDGE COLLEGE - DAY - YEAR 1931
text: A young Sixsmith crosses the campus tearing open the latest
dialog: letter from Frobisher.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: Divorces. Very messy affairs. I
dialog: told Ayrs I would sleep on his
dialog: proposal. Of course, I lied.
dialog: 142.
scene_heading: INT. CAMBRIDGE COLLEGE - SIXSMITH’S ROOM - DAY - YEAR 1931
text: Sixsmith starts to pack, throwing only bare essentials into a
dialog: bag.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
text: Two things became clear. Hanging
dialog: myself from Zedelghem’s flagpole
dialog: was preferable to letting that
dialog: parasite plunder my talents a day
dialog: longer and I must complete my
dialog: Sextet. I can’t do it here, so
dialog: tonight I plan to make my escape.
text: Sixsmith slams open the door, racing from the room.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN CAR - DAY - YEAR 1931
text: The letter is still in Sixsmith’s hand as he stares out the
dialog: window thinking about how he should have done this a long
dialog: time ago.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: “It will end in tears.” You warned
dialog: me. I suppose I’m as hopeless as
text: Adam Ewing, oblivious to all the
text: unspeakable forms lying in wait for
dialog: us round history’s corner.
scene_heading: INT. THE PROPHETESS - EWING’S ROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 1846
text: Close on Ewing’s swollen hand; his ring finger is a
text: disturbing shade of blue as Goose clamps his metal pliers
dialog: into place.
speaker_heading: EWING (V.O.)
dialog: My condition worsens with the
dialog: change of weather. My fingers are
text: so swollen that Henry is forced to
dialog: cut my wedding ring lest it prevent
dialog: circulation and the onset of
dialog: dropsy. The idea of losing this
dialog: symbol distresses me beyond
dialog: measure.
speaker_heading: GOOSE
dialog: Don’t be a silly puffin, Adam. I’m
dialog: sure your wife would set your
dialog: health and the survival of your
text: finger above a metal loop.
text: Clack. The heavy pliers bite through the wedding band.
dialog: 143.
text: Goose slides off the ring and inspects it.
speaker_heading: GOOSE (CONT’D)
dialog: Besides, I know an excellent
dialog: Spanish goldsmith who works with
dialog: such alacrity that your Tilda may
dialog: not have to know it was ever
dialog: removed.
text: He smiles in the swaying lamp-light while slipping the ring
text: into his vest pocket.
scene_heading: INT. AURORA HOUSE - BOILER ROOM - DAY - YEAR 2009
text: Ernie fills four glasses with Irish malt. Ernie, VERONICA and
text: MR. MEEKS sit with Cavendish in the secret clubhouse.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: First problem we got is the problem
dialog: of trust.
speaker_heading: MR MEEKS
dialog: I know, I know.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: We could use code names but truth
dialog: is, I’d probably be the first to
dialog: forget mine. So, Mr. Cavendish,
dialog: this is Veronica Costello and Mr.
dialog: Meeks.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Pleasure.
speaker_heading: MR MEEKS
dialog: I know, I know.
text: They raise their glasses in toast.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: To trust.
text: They drink. Cavendish is nearly overcome with pleasure.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Ahhh... like rain on the Serengeti.
dialog: How’d you get it?
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: I’ve got a few tricks left up the
dialog: sleeve as Noakes-sey and her
dialog: knuckle-draggers will soon
dialog: discover.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 144.
speaker_heading: ERNIE (CONT'D)
dialog: But be warned, most jail-breaks are
text: stillborn, snuffed before they even
dialog: get started-- Loose lips sink
dialog: ships.
speaker_heading: MR MEEKS
dialog: I know, I know.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: What about the parrot, then? If
dialog: ever there was a likely songbird.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Mr. Meeks is a fine and honorable
dialog: gentleman. He would never betray
dialog: us.
text: She kisses his forehead.
speaker_heading: MR MEEKS
dialog: I know, I know.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Besides no one’s ever heard him say
dialog: anything else.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Then why do you need me? Why isn’t
dialog: he your third man?
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: We’re not sure he wants to go.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: More to the point, any jailbreak’s
dialog: a risky proposition. One little
text: cock up and we’re dangling at her
dialog: Majesty’s pleasure. S’truth, we’re
text: not sure ol’ Meeksey’s up to snuff.
dialog: Question is, old man, are you?
text: Cavendish knows the answer to that question.
scene_heading: EXT. TRANSPORT TUBE - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: The Enforcer helicopter roars after the delivery transport.
text: It glides up to the side of the tube, maneuvering with hawk-
text: like grace so that the Enforcers are looking at Chang.
speaker_heading: ENFORCER PILOT #1
dialog: Unanimity requires your compliance.
dialog: Stop your vehicle and prepare to be
dialog: boarded.
dialog: 145.
text: The voice is heard both outside and inside Chang’s transport.
text: Chang begins gesturing wildly.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Mok-tang non sungh! Bim-bop!
speaker_heading: ENFORCER PILOT #2
dialog: What did he say?
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Sungh nar-bar, bar-sungh! Bim-bop,
dialog: nack-bop!
speaker_heading: ENFORCER PILOT #1
dialog: Fuckin’ migrant monkey-talk.
speaker_heading: ENFORCER PILOT #2
dialog: Why do they hire these greasy fuck-
dialog: wits?
speaker_heading: ENFORCER PILOT #1
dialog: This is your first and only
dialog: warning. Stop now or we will open
dialog: fire.
speaker_heading: ENFORCER PILOT #2
dialog: Like anyone would give a shit if we
dialog: smoked an illegal.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Ja-yah! Ja-yah!
text: Chang hits the decel and the transport slows while the bullet-
text: like Enforcer cars race towards them.
text: Chang moves into the cargo section. In a plastic crate he
text: finds several weapons and supplies. He grabs a roll of
dialog: medical tape.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Hae-Joo...
text: She has risen partially from her hiding spot and watches him
text: as he tears a piece of tape.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (CONT’D)
dialog: I can’t go back to that place.
text: He nods gravely.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: It won’t happen. You have my word.
dialog: 146.
text: He reloads the charge in his gun.
scene_heading: INT. AYR’S CHATEAU - NIGHT - YEAR 1931
text: The door of Ayrs’ bedroom creeps open; a knife blade of light
text: cutting into the darkness.
text: A shadow steals across the room.
text: Ayrs sleeps peacefully while Frobisher stealthily slides open
text: the drawer of his nightstand.
text: Inside the gun gleams, nestled in a chamois cloth, beside a
text: saucer of bullets.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
text: The room stank of bitter medicine.
text: Had to fight off an unaccountably
text: strong urge to open Ayrs’ throat
dialog: with my pen knife. Not quite deja
dialog: vu, More jamais vu.
text: He takes the saucer of bullets which rattle as he slips them
text: into his pocket. AYRS stirs but does not wake.
text: Then, he takes the gun.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Curiously heavy things, guns. Why
dialog: did I take it exactly? Can’t say.
text: An intuition. A sense of
dialog: significance. That from this point
dialog: on, there was no going back.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINSIDE - DUSK - 2321
text: Zachry and Meronym have stopped along an old ruined road cut
text: into the mountainside. Their path ends where a bridge has
text: crumbled away into a rocky chasm.
text: Meronym takes out a strange gun from her bag and looks up as
text: a light snow has begun to fall, zig-zagging in the gusting
dialog: wind.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: From the look of those clouds, we
dialog: don’t have a lot of time.
text: She aims the gun and fires a grappling hook up and across the
text: chasm. It catches on a knot of rusting re-bar.
dialog: 147.
speaker_heading: ZACHARY
dialog: Whaaaah!
text: She hands him the rope.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: You first.
text: He looks up and knows what’s waiting for him.
text: Zachry scales the rope a fierce wind biting into him with the
text: sting of shards of glass. He slips and zippers open the skin
text: in his palms.
text: When he reaches the crest, his stomach drops at the site of
text: their destination; an array of monolithic towers looming
text: ominously against a roiling black sky.
text: The threatening blizzard swirls like a snow globe.
text: Below he sees Meronym’s climb is going harder. Zachry begins
text: hand over hand pulling her up to help.
text: His hands burn with the effort.
text: When she is almost to the top, the strain forcing beads of
text: sweat on his brow, Zachry looks up, time slowing to a halt.
text: Sparkling snowflakes freeze in the air if they were a snap
dialog: shot.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE
dialog: Zachry the cowardy, you trodd’n on
dialog: the Devil’s ground now, Vall’ysman.
text: Zachry turns and along the ridge he sees Old Georgie swishing
text: snowflakes out of his way as he closes in on him.
text: His eyes gleam unnaturally as he cranes his spindly body
text: forward and hisses.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m sayin’ this jus’ once. The
dialog: offlander ain’t gettin’ to the top.
dialog: You let-go that rope.
text: Zachry looks down at the frozen Meronym dangling twenty feet
text: above the rocky ground.
dialog: 148.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE (CONT’D)
dialog: Her fall may not kill her when I
dialog: let time flow again, but them rocks
dialog: b'low'll bust her spine'n'legs an'
dialog: she'll not s’rive the night. I’1l
dialog: let her consider her’follyin's.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Why not jus’ kill her yerself,
dialog: then?
text: Old Georgie bellows.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE
dialog: Why-why-why? I want you to do it,
dialog: an' here's why-why-why. See, if you
dialog: don't let-~go that rope, she’1ll be
dialog: leadin’ you straight into a place
dialog: there ain’t no return, I promise.
dialog: Ain’t nothing in there for a soul
dialog: to do but rot, forev’r’n then some.
dialog: Jus’ ask ol’ Truman Napes when ya’
dialog: see/m.
text: A chill hits Zachry.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE (CONT’D)
dialog: So you ever wanna see Catkin again,
dialog: you best let-go that rope.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: No bolt-hole out o' this.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE
dialog: I'm countin' to’three...One...
text: Zachry about to let go, looks down at Meronym, blood oozing
text: from between his clenched fists.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE (CONT’D)
dialog: Two...
text: A sudden flash of Autua’s bloody hands bursts before him.
text: Zachry whispers to himself.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
text: “Hands’a’bleedin’, mus’nt let go.”
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE
dialog: Three!
text: Old Georgie’s eyes bore into him.
dialog: 149.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: No!
text: He heaves on the rope.
text: Old Georgie’s angry scream becomes the furious wind as time
text: resumes and Zachry hauls Meronym to safety.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: Thank you, Zachry. That’s a bleary
text: fearsome wind.
text: They stand close enough to feel the warmth of each other’s
dialog: body.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: We best keep moving.
scene_heading: INT. AYRS’ CHATEAU - FROBISHER’S ROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 1931
text: Frobisher is packing furiously. The gun is on the bed.
text: He is so intent on what he is doing, he doesn’t notice the
text: door swing open revealing Ayrs, still in his bed-shirt.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: What are you doing, boy?
text: Frobisher is startled.
speaker_heading: AYRS (CONT’D)
dialog: I thought I made myself clear.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: Do what you want, but I’m leaving.
text: He packs the last of his things.
text: AYRS sees the manuscript for the Sextet.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: Fine, Frobisher. Go. But I’11
dialog: take this.
text: He snatches the sheaf of papers. Frobisher feels as if he
text: just tore the heart from his chest.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: Give me that!
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: Consider it redress for what you’ve
dialog: put me and my family through.
dialog: 150.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: I’m warning you, old man--
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: Under the conditions of this
dialog: relationship, I am certainly within
dialog: my legal rights. If I were you,
dialog: I’d pack my bag and go.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: Goddamn you!
text: He grabs the gun from the bed and thrusts it at AYRS.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (CONT’D)
dialog: Give it to me or I swear to god, I
dialog: will kill you as you stand.
text: Ayrs steps towards the barrel of the gun.
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: Give me the gun, Frobisher--
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: I’11 kill you--
speaker_heading: AYRS
dialog: Please. You’re a degenerate and a
dialog: coward. You won’t pull that
dialog: trigger. Your kind never does.
text: He continues to move closer until he grabs hold of the gun.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: No!
text: The men begin to fight for control of the weapon until--
text: It goes off, the sharp metal clap startling both of them--
text: The shell of the bullet bouncing on the wood floor with the
text: sound of a delicate chime.
text: It rolls under the bed, where we can see the feet of the two
text: men. Ayrs staggers back from Frobisher.
text: Blood drips on to the floor.
text: Ayrs crumples to his knees as Frobisher shuffles, grabbing
text: his things and the manuscript and then runs.
text: As we pan with him we see a tattered book wedged under the
dialog: short bed-post--
dialog: 151.
text: It is the lost half of the “Pacific Journal Of Adam Ewing.”
scene_heading: INT. THE PROPHETESS - EWING’S CABIN - DAY - YEAR 1846
text: Goose enters Adam’s quarter’s. Adam looks like a breathing
text: corpse. Goose searches for a moment.
text: He tries to open a metal lock box but he needs a key.
text: Adam stirs.
speaker_heading: GOOSE
dialog: How fares our worm today Adam?
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: +-.I’m afraid it has taken the best
dialog: of me.
speaker_heading: GOOSE
dialog: Nonsense.
text: He examines him, looking into his eyes.
speaker_heading: GOOSE (CONT’D)
dialog: Although I must admit, this
dialog: treatment is going on much longer
dialog: than I anticipated. Perhaps it is
dialog: time for one big dose, full
dialog: strength and finish this once and
dialog: for all.
scene_heading: INT. TRANSPORT - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: The Enforcer bullet cars surround the transport.
text: In tactical formation, they attack, ripping open the doors
dialog: and penetrating the truck bay while--
text: Chang lifts his arms in confused hysteria.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Nong-ire! Nong-ire!
speaker_heading: LEAD ENFORCER
dialog: Scan him.
text: Another Enforcer aims a scanner and a red beam sweeps across
dialog: Chang.
speaker_heading: SCAN ENFORCER
dialog: Negative sir. Definite illegal.
dialog: 152.
text: He speaks loudly and slowly.
speaker_heading: LEAD ENFORCER
dialog: Do-You-Have-Work-Visa! Work-Visa!
text: The scanner continues to sweep the room, the beam closes in
text: on Sonmi’s hiding place.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Magha-lung, hun sugh ja-Visa!
speaker_heading: LEAD ENFORCER
dialog: What the fuck is he saying? Does
dialog: someone have a transcom?
speaker_heading: SCAN ENFORCER
dialog: Sir! Second life form!
speaker_heading: LEAD ENFORCER
dialog: What? Where?
text: Before he can answer Chang attacks, every move like the crisp
text: metallic, precision of a chambering bullet--
text: The gun taped to the back of his neck, ripped free--
text: Exploding dum-dum bullets transforming faces into meaty
text: carmine anemones.
text: The back-up Enforcers counter but Chang is impossibly fast,
text: leaping for cover, closing with predatory focus as they
text: panic, praying and spraying wildly.
scene_heading: INT. ENFORCER HOVERCRAFT - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: They are listening to the firefight on their com-link.
speaker_heading: ENFORCER PILOT #1
dialog: Status! Squad Leader report! Do
dialog: you require assistance? What’s
dialog: happening down there?
text: More gunshots and screams.
speaker_heading: ENFORCER PILOT #1 (CONT’D)
dialog: Fuck this. Light ‘em up.
scene_heading: EXT. TRANSPORT TUBE - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: The hovercraft opens fire, their weapon like an anti-aircraft
text: cannon combined with a chain gun.
dialog: 153.
text: The destructive force shatters the high density tube and
dialog: reduces the transport to alpine swiss.
text: Chang covers Sonmi protecting her with his own flesh as they
text: can do nothing but hope for it to end.
text: Finally it does.
scene_heading: INT. ENFORCER HOVERCRAFT - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: The co-pilot checks his scanners.
speaker_heading: ENFORCER PILOT #2
dialog: I got nothing sir. No movement.
dialog: Six dead Enforcers and-- wait! I
dialog: got movement!
scene_heading: INT. TRANSPORT - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: Chang hoists a home-made rocket launcher from the crate to
text: his shoulder.
text: Before the hovercraft reacts, he stands and fires out the
text: hole blown in the side of the truck and the tube.
text: The pilot tries to dodge the missile but the tail is hit,
text: exploding, sending the hovercraft into a wild spinning
dialog: descent.
speaker_heading: ENFORCER PILOT #1
dialog: Mayday! Mayday! We are hit! Going
dialog: down! The terrorist is still at
dialog: large!
text: Chang tosses the rocket launcher and reaches for Sonmi who is
text: too stunned to even move.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Commander Hae-Joo Chang. First
dialog: Science Officer of the Union
dialog: Rebellion.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Why are you doing this?
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Because I believe that you have the
dialog: power to change this world.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 154.
speaker_heading: CHANG (CONT'D)
dialog: But to do that, I have to keep you
dialog: alive. We must go. Now.
scene_heading: INT. SATELLITE COMMUNICATION CENTER - DUSK - YEAR 2321
text: A door that has not been opened for a century cracks slowly.
text: Dust immediately rises up in agitation.
text: Meronym uses a glo-light as she leads Zachry into the
dialog: facility.
text: An ancient security guard sits like a mummy, perfectly
text: preserved, his eyeless eyes staring at them as they pass.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: What is this place?
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: Before the Fall, the Old Uns built
text: dwellins beyon’a sky, ‘mong the
dialog: stars. They used this place to
dialog: send messages there.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Like a prayer t’Sonmi?
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: Yay.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Is that why we come? To send a
dialog: prayer?
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: Yay.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: What do a Prescient need t’pray
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: Same thing a Valleysman prays for.
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: MERONYM (CONT’D)
dialog: Help.
scene_heading: INT. BREAK-ROOM, AURORA HOUSE - DAY - YEAR 2009
text: Deirdre, a sexless automaton, is watching the home shopping
text: channel on a flickering television.
dialog: 155.
text: She reaches for her cell phone to buy a commemorative
text: Princess Di plate, when a frantic Veronica rounds the corner.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Hurry! They’re going to kill each
dialog: other!
text: Deirdre lunges from her chair.
scene_heading: INT. DINING ROOM, AURORA HOUSE - DAY - YEAR 2009
text: Cavendish and Ernie stand, snarling at one another, between
text: them each with unbudging grip on a single chocolate pudding
dialog: cup.
text: A crowd has gathered.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: I’m warning you, Cavendish! Get yer
dialog: fuggin’ hands offa my pudding cup!
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: “Your” pudding cup!? You’ve already
dialog: eaten yours, you Alzheimer’s
dialog: riddled lout!
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: You ate my Jell-o yesterday! A
dialog: deal’s a deal!
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: I never agreed to those terms!
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Leggo, ya’ dos cunt!
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Never!
text: Deirdre and Veronica cut through the crowd.
speaker_heading: DEIRDRE
dialog: Alright you two--
text: As she moves to separate them, all Hell breaks loose.
text: Ernie grabs a condiment cup of mustard from his tray and
text: shoves it hard into Cavendish’s face.
text: Cavendish screams.
dialog: 156.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: AAAAAAAGGGGHHH-- Hot Dijon!!!! My
dialog: eyes!!! Help--Somebody help me!!!
text: Cavendish sinks his teeth into Ernie’s hand still clutching
text: the cup of pudding.
text: Ernie screams.
text: They grapple as Deirdre tries to wedge herself between the
text: two. Tables and chairs topple in the fracas when finally with
text: the help of a couple of orderlies they are separated, huffing
text: and puffing.
text: As they are dragged away they both surreptitiously look back
text: to Veronica, who signals to them with a gentle swipe of a
text: finger across the bridge of her nose.
text: They look at each other and smile. Veronica turns to leave
text: her hand slipping Deirdre’s cell phone into her pocket.
scene_heading: INT. TRANSPORT TUBE - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: Chang, his body laid out as though riding a high-powered
text: motorcycle, weaves the Enforcer bullet car through the
text: thickening traffic.
text: Sonmi lays on top of him, her eyes bulging as they barely
text: miss several vehicles.
text: Behind them several hovercrafts closing fast.
text: Chang taps his com-link implant.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: This is Prophet One. Abort. Repeat-
dialog: Abort.
text: He clicks the link off.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: What did that mean?
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: There was a plan. But that plan is
dialog: fucked.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: What are you going to do?
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Everything I can.
dialog: 157.
text: The car swerves through a tube flowing in the opposite
dialog: direction--
text: Banking away into a tangle of buildings as the hovercraft
text: lose sight of them for a moment.
scene_heading: INT. TRANSPORT TUBES - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: He dives the bullet car down through a “cargo tube” where
text: large, slow vehicles transport goods.
text: He slips and slides through them, moving like a mouse trying
dialog: to stay out of sight but no matter where he goes--
text: He is still stuck in a hamster tube.
text: A hovercraft sights him and again the Enforcers converge.
text: Accelerating, he hits an intersection and banks like a luge
dialog: sled--
text: Heading into a building’s docking bay--
text: Disappearing from sight.
scene_heading: INT. DOCKING BAY - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: Several gates are blocking the way but Chang opens fire, the
text: car’s guns shredding most of the obstacles--
text: Aiming the car straight into the blasted roller doors.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Hang on.
text: She squeezes tightly to him as they impact--
text: Crashing through the doors into the building.
scene_heading: EXT. OLD BUILDING - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: Several of the larger hovercrafts set down, Enforcers
text: beetling out, swarming around the building.
scene_heading: INT. DOCKING BAY - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: Pushing open the bullet car sleeve, Chang helps Sonmi crawl
text: out of the wreckage.
dialog: 158.
scene_heading: INT. OLD BUILDING - HALL - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: Using their scanners, the Enforcers search the building.
speaker_heading: SCAN ENFORCER
dialog: We’re close. I got them. In there!
text: They burst into a room, vision-goggles illuminating the dark
text: room where they find Sonmi. She raises her hands as they
text: scream at her, aiming their weapons--—
text: Not paying attention to the shadow moving behind them.
text: Chang attacks, killing several with his hands, the last two
text: with a gun.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: In here.
text: Enforcers react to the violence swarming towards them.
scene_heading: INT. OLD BUILDING - BATHROOM - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: Chang leads her into a bathroom. He checks the walls with an
text: orison orb, then pulls out his gun.
text: He opens fire on the wall.
scene_heading: INT. OLD BUILDING - HALL - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: The enforcers hear the gunfire and race towards it.
scene_heading: INT. OLD BUILDING - BATHROOM - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: A large Pvc pipe has a hole blown in it. Vapors that burn
text: Sonmi’s eyes pour out of it.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: What is that?
text: Chang looks into it. Far below black water ripples.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Our way out.
text: He yanks off the hidden flak jacket.
speaker_heading: CHANG (CONT’D)
dialog: It’s a sewer overflow. Whatever you
dialog: do, don’t open your eyes or your
dialog: mouth.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 159.
speaker_heading: CHANG (CONT'D)
dialog: Hold your breath as long as you
dialog: can. I’1l find you and get you out.
text: They can hear the boots of the Enforcers.
speaker_heading: CHANG (CONT'D)
dialog: Do you trust me?
text: She nods.
text: He jumps into the tube and disappears. A moment later there
text: is a thick splash.
text: The sides of the pipe drip with feces. The smell is
dialog: overwhelming.
text: The Enforcers find the room as she is still clambering into
dialog: the pipe.
speaker_heading: ENFORCER
dialog: Don’t move!
dialog: She lets go--
text: Falling down into a shit-lined abyss until--
dialog: Splash.
scene_heading: INT. VOLKSWAGEN BEETLE - NIGHT - YEAR 1973
text: Luisa jolts awake.
text: Her car still sinking; the water seeping in through the
text: windows, is filled to her waist.
text: She tries not to panic. She grabs the handle of the window
text: and starts unrolling it. As she does the water begins
text: pouring in.
text: Very quickly the water rises to her chest. The window is
dialog: only open six inches when--
text: The handle snaps off.
text: She screams. The water keeps pouring in.
text: She climbs over to the other door and starts trying to unroll
text: that window. The water rises past her neck.
text: The handle gets tangled in the seat belt, which floats like
text: an eel.
dialog: 160.
text: Again frustration and fear shake through her body. The water
text: rises to her nose as she takes her last breath.
text: Underwater, she grabs the window and yanks and shoves with
dialog: all her strength until--
text: The window breaks.
text: She kicks herself free of the sinking car, her lungs aching,
text: kicking up through the cold, silent liquid obsidian until--
text: She bursts out the surface.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (V.0.)
dialog: Nay, the dead never stay dead.
dialog: Open your ears and they never stop
text: a’yibberin’.
scene_heading: INT. SATELLITE COMMUNICATION CENTER - NIGHT - YEAR 2321
text: More skeletons, sitting or laying on the floor, as though
text: death caught them by surprise. Their skin, an ancient vellum,
text: hangs tattered from bony grins.
text: Zachry hears them all whispering his name.
text: Meronym accesses the solar-cells and engages the emergency
dialog: power system.
text: Lights flicker on, humming like angry hornets.
text: The room is revealed, including the domed ceiling.
text: Zachry looks up in awe at a mosaic of “Sonmi Among the
dialog: Stars.”
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Sonmi.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: Yay. Tis she.
text: Meronym continues working to try to uplink her orison to the
dialog: main network.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: The Old Uns worshipp’d Sonmi same
dialog: as Valleysmen?
text: She considers her answer.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: Nay, not ‘zactly same as.
dialog: 161.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Differin’ how?
text: She stops what she is doing.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: Do you want the True-true?
scene_heading: INT. LUISA’S APARTMENT BUILDING - HALLWAY - NIGHT - YEAR 1973
text: Javier peeks around the corner, rises up the stairs and
text: strolls “casually” down to the far end where he checks around
text: the far corner.
text: Seeing no one he hurries back to the stairs.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: (whispering)
text: All clear.
text: Luisa, still soggy and shivering, slips out of the shadows
text: and up the stairs.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Thanks, Javier.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: No sweat. We’re partners. But you
dialog: gotta tell me what’s happening.
text: She heads down the hall to her apartment door.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: No way. Can’t.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: I know it’s something big. Does it
dialog: have to do with those letters?
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Javier--
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Come on! You’re in trouble. I can
dialog: help. I can watch your back, unless
dialog: you want to keep going for midnight
dialog: swims.
text: She sighs. He might be able to help or she just doesn’t have
text: the strength to resist him right now.
dialog: 162.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: All right. Let me take a shower,
dialog: get some sleep and I’11 tell you
dialog: what I got in the morning.
text: He shakes his head disappointed.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Okay but I hope you realize you
dialog: just said exactly what every
dialog: character in any decent mystery
dialog: says right before they get killed.
text: She opens her door.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Good night Javier.
scene_heading: INT. LUISA’S APARTMENT - NIGHT - YEAR 1973
text: She closes the door behind her and puts all three locks on.
text: Dropping her bag, she heads straight for the shower, as a
text: shadow crosses behind her--
text: A man wearing black leather gloves.
scene_heading: INT. FLOPHOUSE - SHOWER - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: Brown, clumpy filth swirls into the shower drain as rivulets
text: of waste run down Sonmi’s body.
text: Numb, she leans in the corner, letting the water pour over
dialog: her.
text: Her expression suggests a vague understanding that there are
dialog: things that have happened to her that she will never be able
dialog: to wash away.
speaker_heading: MERONYM (V.O.)
dialog: Sonmi’s not a god.
scene_heading: INT. SATELLITE COMMUNICATION CENTER - NIGHT - YEAR 2321
text: Meronym chooses her words carefully.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: She borned’n’died hundreds o’ years
dialog: ago on a far’way pen’sula
text: deadlanded now.
dialog: 163.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: I know Valleysman b’liefs’. I know
dialog: the Abbess teach’d you Sonmi was a
dialog: mir’cle, birthed o’ the god o’
dialog: Smart named Darwin but it ain’t the
dialog: True-true.
text: Zachry is pacing, a jittery anxiousness bubbling his blood.
speaker_heading: MERONYM (CONT’D)
dialog: Her life was sad’n’judased and she
dialog: died tryin’ to change the Old-Uns
dialog: thinkin’.
text: Old Georgie emerges behind Zachry from the shadows.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE
dialog: Liiiiiiies... nothin’ but lies.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Nay... nay, you lyin’.
text: Meronym touches the orison and suddenly Sonmi appears from
dialog: the recorder interrogation.
text: Zachry’s eyes go wide.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Sonmi...
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: B'fore she died she spoke to an
dialog: orison ‘bout her acts’n’deedins’.
dialog: Her words ‘minder’me what’s the
dialog: True-true. I keep them with me all
dialog: times.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE
dialog: I tell you o’ True-true-- Tha’s
dialog: jus’a trick! How long you goin’
dialog: lissin t’this?! How long you goin’
dialog: jus’ stand there an’let a stranger
dialog: keep fuggin’ your b’liefs
dialog: up’n’down’n in’n’out!
text: His hand tightens around the hilt of his spiker.
dialog: 164.
scene_heading: INT. LUISA’S APARTMENT - NIGHT - YEAR 1973
text: As Luisa reaches for the light switch, the gloved man emerges
text: from the shadows and grabs her from behind, covering her
dialog: mouth.
text: She tries to scream but it’s too late.
text: Napier holds Luisa tight.
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: If I was trying to kill you, you’d
dialog: already be dead. I swear I’m not
dialog: going to hurt you. I just want to
dialog: talk.
text: He slowly starts to relax when she attacks--
text: Stomping on his foot, smashing the back of her head into his
dialog: face--
text: He staggers back, his reflexes faster than most, but not fast
dialog: enough as--
text: A switchblade snaps open and is jammed under his neck, tight
text: to his jugular.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Now if I was trying to kill you,
dialog: you'd already be dead! How’s that
dialog: feel? Great conversation starter,
dialog: isn’t it?
text: He starts to laugh.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY (CONT'D)
dialog: You think it’s funny?
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: You are Lester Rey’s daughter,
dialog: that’s for goddamn sure.
text: The mention of her father, catches her off-guard.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: You knew my father?
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: He got me my first job on the
dialog: force.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: You're a cop?
dialog: 165.
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: Was.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: What are you doing working for
dialog: Seaboard?
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: Same as you, slinging hash for
dialog: Spyglass.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Yeah well, I don’t have to assault
dialog: people for my job.
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: I’m not here for Seaboard. I’m here
dialog: because of your father. I don’t
dialog: know if you’1l even believe me, but
dialog: I came here to tell you the truth.
scene_heading: INT. SATELLITE COMMUNICATION CENTER - NIGHT - YEAR 2321
text: Meronym shuts off the orison, watching Zachry.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: You a’right, Zachry?
text: He nods at her, something primitive and dark hidden behind
text: his eyes.
speaker_heading: MERONYM (CONT’D)
dialog: I got to do some sivvin’n’fixin’ on
dialog: this here smart, okay?
text: He nods again as we reveal Old Georgie whispering in his ear.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE
dialog: Ohhhhh, yeah... I see now.
text: She goes to the large control panel and uses her orison to
text: begin diagnosing whether it is still operable.
text: Zachry continues to stare at her.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE (CONT'D)
dialog: I see the what’s’what. You ain’t
dialog: drop that rope cause you’a’lustin’
dialog: for that darkly, sweet’meat.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Shut y’hole!
dialog: 166.
text: Meronym turns. She can tell something is wrong.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: Do you want’a wait ou’side, Zachry?
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Nay. I’m fine. Finish your sussin!
text: She returns to her work while trying to keep an eye on him.
text: Old Georgie smiles.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE
dialog: Don’t worry, bro. You ain’t the
dialog: first to judas your people for the
text: flesh of Jezabel.
text: Zachry shoots him a look.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE (CONT’D)
dialog: I cog it all, now. This whore,
text: with her cokeynut skin, and her
text: slywise mask, smilin’n’wormin’ her
dialog: way into your trust so you bring
dialog: her here, scavin’n’sivvin for what?
dialog: For what boy?
text: He leans in close to whisper in Zachry’s ear.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE (CONT’D)
dialog: They want the island. The
dialog: Prescients want it all. You
dialog: judasing your kin helpin’ her out.
dialog: She ain’t your tribe! She ain’t
dialog: even your color! She ignores your
text: yarns’n’ways, spinnin’n’spoutin her
dialog: whoahsomse lies and you lap it up.
text: The suspicion that Georgie is right begins to affect Zachry.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE (CONT’D)
dialog: Yay, you doin’ it again, jus’like
dialog: you led the Kona to Adam. You
dialog: weak’n’stoopit, standin’ there like
text: her dog while she springs her trap.
dialog: You a coward, thru and thru, a soul-
dialog: stoned coward.
text: The words hiss between his clenched teeth.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: I ain’t a coward.
dialog: 167.
speaker_heading: OLD GEORGIE
dialog: Ain’t you? Then do sumthin’! Stop
dialog: her! Take your spiker an’slit her
dialog: throat. That’s what y’pa’d do.
dialog: That’s what Adam’d do. Protect
dialog: your tribe! Kill her! Now, b’fore
dialog: it’s too late!
text: Sweat dapples his lip. Panic swims in his eyes. He knows he
dialog: has to do something.
text: He rips the spiker from its sheath and stalks up behind
text: Meronym who never sees him coming.
scene_heading: INT. LUISA’S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT - YEAR 1974
text: Luisa removes the switchblade from his throat.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Grimaldi is dead? What about Isaac?
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: Sachs? Gone. No survivors.
text: Luisa has to sit down. Napier gives her just a brief moment
dialog: to digest this.
speaker_heading: NAPIER (CONT'D)
dialog: The plane crash was not an
dialog: accident. Grimaldi was another
dialog: threat, like Sixsmith, like you, so
dialog: they took him out.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: (shaken)
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: Because he believed in nuclear
dialog: power.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: I’m not following you.
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: Ultimately Grimaldi was planning to
dialog: fix the HYDRA reactor. That’s why
dialog: he was going to Washington. Lloyd
dialog: Hooks didn’t want that to happen.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Lloyd Hooks?
dialog: 168.
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: Nixon’s former “Energy Guru”, now
dialog: CEO of Seaboard, Incorporated. But
text: apparently running Swannekke isn’t
dialog: that big a job because he’s still
dialog: pulling a seven-figure paycheck
dialog: from his former gig at KMA
dialog: Consulting.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: I’ve heard of them.
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: Recently implicated in financing of
dialog: the military coup of Chile and
dialog: assassination of Salvatore Allende.
dialog: Insubstantial evidence. Cleared of
dialog: charges. Their client list is a
dialog: who’s who of Big Oil.
text: A shiver runs down her spine as she sees it coming into
dialog: focus.
speaker_heading: NAPIER (CONT’D)
dialog: Yeah, you got that look like your
dialog: father used to get. You see it,
dialog: don’t you? They don’t want the
dialog: reactor to be fixed They want it
dialog: to fail. They want the explosion,
text: the chaos and carnage and the more
dialog: deaths the better. They want
dialog: endless news reports, months of
dialog: radiation levels, and evacuations
dialog: because they know, these bastards
dialog: know, if it is bad enough, it will
dialog: be the end of nuclear power. And
dialog: that’s what Big Oil wants. See?
dialog: This isn’t about one power station;
dialog: this is about the future of this
dialog: country.
scene_heading: INT. SATELLITE COMMUNICATION CENTER - NIGHT - YEAR 2321
text: Zachry rushes at Meronym, his spiker slashing as she turns--
text: He slams her against the wall, the knife tight to her throat.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Stop!
text: He blinks suddenly uncertain now that he is close to her,
text: actually touching her.
dialog: 169.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT’D)
dialog: Can’t cogg o’ thing,
text: words'’n’worrins like a wasp’s nest
dialog: poke’d’n’prod’d by you!
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: What’re you o’ fearyin’ Zachry?
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: You come elbowin’’n to our life,
dialog: yibberin’n’yabberin’ ‘bout True-
dialog: true but never tellin’ the hole
dialog: true. I wan’to cogg what you doin’!
text: She speaks calmly.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: I told you. I come t’send a plea
dialog: o’ help.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Help o’ what? To steal our land?!
dialog: To kill’n’slave us all?! What do
dialog: you want?!
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: Same as ev’ry’un wants... a home.
text: One look into her eyes and he knows she is telling the truth.
scene_heading: INT. FLOPHOUSE - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: Sonmi stares out the window at the electric urban sprawl.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: What is this place?
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: A temporary safe-house. We’1l
dialog: spend the night. Tomorrow I will
dialog: take you to the General.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: The General?
speaker_heading: CHANG
text: The leader of the Union Rebellion.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: What does he want with me?
text: Chang stands beside her.
dialog: 170.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: He believes the key to over-—
dialog: throwing this government is the
dialog: ascendency of a Fabricant. Such an
dialog: event would destroy one of
dialog: Unanimity's core belief; that a
dialog: clone’s life is worth less than a
dialog: Pureblood.
text: She looks away from him.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Is that what you believe?
text: He steps close to her, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: No... that’s not something I
dialog: believe. It’s something I know.
scene_heading: INT. LUISA’S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT - YEAR 1973
text: Luisa sits on that stool in her hallway and stares Napier
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: How do I know you’re not lying to
dialog: me?
text: He shrugs.
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: You’re Lester Rey’s daughter. He
dialog: could smell bullshit a mile away.
text: She takes a moment before asking the next question.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Do you think they will... try
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: I know they will.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: I’ve got friends on the force.
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: Won’t matter. In this business we
dialog: got a saying, “Everybody crosses
dialog: the street.”
text: She imagines what that means.
dialog: 171.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: What do you think I should do?
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: If you’re smart, you’ll take my
dialog: advice: pack your bags, go to the
dialog: airport, pick somewhere very far
text: away and start over.
text: He reaches under his coat to the small of his back and pulls
text: out a gun.
speaker_heading: NAPIER (CONT’D)
dialog: Problem is you’re not smart.
dialog: You’re Lester Rey’s daughter which
dialog: means you’re gonna do something
dialog: stupid. I assume you know how to
dialog: use one of these?
text: She watches herself take the gun as if it were someone else.
speaker_heading: NAPIER (CONT’D)
dialog: I doubt it will help but it might
dialog: give you a fighting chance.
scene_heading: INT. SATELLITE COMMUNICATION CENTER - NIGHT - YEAR 2321
text: Meronym has part of the control board working.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: Cross’ur fingers’n’toes.
text: She waves her fingers above the shimmering light projected by
text: the orison air-port connected to the main board.
text: Lights flash and blink. An alarm sounds and Zachry gets
text: nervous like a horse in a thunder storm.
text: Deep inside the bowels of the building, machinery rumbles; a
text: waking geared golem shrugging off an eon of sleep.
scene_heading: EXT. SATELLITE COMMUNICATION CENTER - NIGHT - YEAR 2321
text: The top of the station opens a series of spheres inside of
text: spheres, layers of an onion, that rachet back, reversing onto
text: itself as each becomes the underside of an enormous satellite
dialog: dish.
dialog: 172.
scene_heading: INT. SATELLITE COMMUNICATION CENTER - NIGHT - YEAR 2321
text: The machine whines down as it finishes beaming its gamma ray
dialog: message.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Is it done?
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: Now we jus’a hope we ain’t alone.
scene_heading: INT. FLOPHOUSE - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: They stand as silhouettes against the cacophony of
text: kaleidoscopic light.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Are you all right?
text: She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: I am... afraid.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Of what?
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: To ask you for something?
text: He waits standing close enough to feel her breath on his
dialog: lips.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (CONT'D)
dialog: I know it is forbidden... I have
dialog: never been kissed.
text: He takes her face in his hands and kisses her, tenderly.
text: Her head swims.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Do you know how long I have wanted
dialog: to do that?
text: She shakes her head.
speaker_heading: CHANG (CONT’D)
dialog: Too long.
dialog: 173.
text: She kisses him back like someone taking their first drink of
text: water after being lost in a desert.
text: They help with each other’s clothes until they are both
text: naked.
text: She realizes something and it stops her.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: I have never seen a pureblood
dialog: naked. You're beautiful.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: So are you.
text: A lightness fills her heart and she kisses him again. They
text: begin to make love in the glow of the twinkling lights.
scene_heading: EXT. BRUGES TOWER - DAWN - YEAR 1931
text: The sun rise is so beautiful from the top of the tower,
text: Frobisher feels his eyes softening to tears.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: Sixsmith, Don’t worry, all is well.
dialog: All is so perfectly, damnably well!
dialog: Wish I could make you see this
text: brightness. I climb the steps of
dialog: the Bruges tower every morning and
text: all becomes clear.
text: As the sun reaches her pink fingers into the sky, the distant
text: sounds of the waking city become the music Frobisher hears in
text: his head; his Sextet.
scene_heading: INT. LUISA’S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT - YEAR 1973
text: Luisa lays on her couch, re-reading Frobisher’s letter.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
text: Boundaries between noise and sound
dialog: are conventions.
scene_heading: INT. THE PROPHETESS - EWING’S ROOM - DAY - YEAR 1846
text: Ewing shivers and writhes, his sweating flesh twisted into
text: agonizing knots.
text: Goose watches from the shadowed doorway as if enjoying a work
text: of art, a Romantic era depiction of suffering.
dialog: 174.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: All boundaries are conventions,
text: waiting to be transcended.
scene_heading: INT. SATELLITE COMMUNICATION CENTER - NIGHT - YEAR 2321
text: Zachry and Meronym begin their descent.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: One may transcend any convention if
dialog: only one can first conceive of
dialog: doing so.
scene_heading: EXT. AURORA HOUSE - NIGHT - YEAR 2009
text: It is the middle of the night. Cavendish is dressed and
dialog: packing his bag--
text: Placing inside with care, “Half-Lives; A Luisa Rey Mystery.”
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: At moments like this, I can feel
dialog: your heart beating as clearly as I
dialog: feel mine own...
scene_heading: INT. FLOPHOUSE - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: Sonmi and Chang make love.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: --.and I know that separation is an
dialog: illusion.
scene_heading: INT. CHINA SHOP - DAY - YEAR 1931
text: Close on the ceramic St. George and the Dragon. It is the
text: same as the one in Ayrs’ music room.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: My life extends far beyond the
dialog: limitations of me.
text: Frobisher looks at the knight. The silence aches in his
dialog: ears.
text: When he looks up, he sees Young Sixsmith step into the shop.
text: He is so startled that he drops the knight.
dialog: 175.
text: When it hits, instead of the noise of shattering glass, there
text: is beautiful music, an august melody.
text: Frobisher cocks an eyebrow. A statue of a boy playing
text: attracts him. He nudges it off the shelf. Again there is
dialog: music.
text: Sixsmith smiles and he pushes a vase.
text: The music swells into a sweeping symphony as they destroy the
dialog: entire shop.
scene_heading: EXT. FERRY - DAY - YEAR 1931
text: Sixsmith wakes from his dream. The crew is ringing the ready
text: bell as they prepare to dock in Bruges.
scene_heading: EXT. BRUGES - DAY - YEAR 1931
text: Close on a newspaper. The article headline reads, “Maestro
text: Recovering. Assailant Still At Large.”
text: Frobisher sneers.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: Maestro, my ass.
text: As he takes a sip of coffee he looks out across the crowded
dialog: square and sees-
text: Two police officers heading towards the cafe.
text: Hiding behind his paper he waits for them to pass. When they
text: do, he quickly slips away.
scene_heading: EXT. HUAMDONGGIL CHECKPOINT - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: Sonmi follows Chang through the crowded checkpoint. Like
dialog: Tijuana, people are allowed easy access for leaving the
text: Conurb; Sonmi sees the heavily armed Enforcers on the other
text: side of the fence.
text: A noxious maze of low, crooked ramshacks, flophouses,
text: pawnshops, drug bars, and comfort hives, covering perhaps
text: five square miles southeast of Old Seoul Transit Station.
text: Its streets are narrow, choked with pedestrians and bicycles;
text: its alleys reek of waste and sewage. Purebloods slump in
text: doorways, their skin ravaged by the acid rain. A BEING that
text: looks like a child laps water from a dirty puddle.
dialog: 176.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Stay close to me. Fabricants often
dialog: get snatched here.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Slave labor. Sex trade. Anything
dialog: and everything.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: This is where your General lives?
text: Chang smiles.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: This is where Union was born.
scene_heading: INT. MADAME OVID’S - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: Close as a scalpel slices along the tip of Sonmi’s index
text: finger. She inhales sharply.
text: The implanter digs into her finger and removes a strip of
dialog: nanotech.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: IMPLANTER
dialog: Your identity.
text: He takes another strip from his tray and sticks it into the
dialog: bloody slice.
text: Sonmi reacts, but it’s over quickly as he sprays her finger
text: with coag stopping the bleeding immediately.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Who am I now?
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Who would you like to be?
scene_heading: EXT. AURORA HOUSE - NIGHT - YEAR 2009
text: D-Day. Everything is quiet as the staff finish “lights out.”
text: A dark figure moves lithely across the grounds.
dialog: 177.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: When The Ghastly Ordeal of Timothy
dialog: Cavendish is turned into a film, I
dialog: advise thee, Director dearest, whom
dialog: I picture as an intense,
dialog: turtlenecked Swede named Lars, when
text: casting the part of the hero of
dialog: this tale, one Timothy Cavendish,
dialog: please make sure the thespian in
dialog: question is classically trained.
dialog: I’m thinking Sir Laurence Olivier
text: with a dash of Michael Caine.
scene_heading: INT. BOILER ROOM, AURORA HOUSE - NIGHT - YEAR 2009
text: Cavendish coolly enters the boiler room carefully looking
text: back one final time to make sure he wasn’t followed.
text: Ernie checks his watch.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Last chance to back out if you
dialog: don't think you can hack it.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: I've never backed out of anything
dialog: in my life.
text: Ernie smiles then turns and unscrews the ventilation unit
text: pulling Deirdre's mobile telephone from its hiding place.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Well let’s hear the master
text: bullshitter work his magic.
text: The number in the display stares up at him and he hits send.
text: A sleepy voice answers.
speaker_heading: HOTCHKISS (0.S.)
dialog: Whatizzit?
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Ah, yes, Mr. Hotchkiss?
speaker_heading: HOTCHKISS (0.S.)
dialog: Speaking. You are?
text: Cavendish smiles.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Dr. Conway, Aurora House. I'm
text: covering for Dr. Upward.
dialog: 178.
speaker_heading: HOTCHKISS (0.S.)
dialog: Jesus, has something happened to
dialog: Mother?
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: I'm afraid so, Mr. Hotchkiss. You
dialog: must steel yourself, I don't think
dialog: she'll make it to the morning. If
dialog: you'd like to say goodbye, I
dialog: suggest you come quickly.
scene_heading: INT. MADAME OVID’S - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: A pair of laser pliers are used to cut through the collar
text: encircling Sonmi’s neck.
text: It comes off and Sonmi feels a vertigo spin through her body.
text: She touches her own neck for the first time in her life. As
text: she does, we notice a comet-shaped birthmark that was hidden
text: beneath the collar.
text: Chang smiles.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: How’s that feel?
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Strange... frightening but... good.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: That’s it. You’re ready.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: To meet the General.
text: There is a knock at the door.
scene_heading: INT. LUISA’S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT - YEAR 1973
text: Luisa opens the door revealing Javier who smiles as bright as
dialog: the sun.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: So you survived the night. Cool.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Don’t you ever go to school?
dialog: 179.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Walt Whitman dropped out of
dialog: Elementary school. Ditto Mark
dialog: Twain.
dialog: There’s no winning against Javier.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: What do you want for breakfast?
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Grape nuts. Banana if you got it.
text: He comes in, closing the door behind him.
scene_heading: EXT. MAH-JONGG HOUSE - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: Chang knocks on a door hidden at the end of a nameless alley.
text: The electric eye in the door opens, staring at them.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: It’s Chang.
text: After a moment of deliberation, the door unbolts and opens.
text: A large man who could be a Fabricant, escorts them inside.
text: Sonmi sees the gun bulging under his coat.
scene_heading: INT. MAH-JONGG HOUSE - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: Chang and Sonmi enter and are escorted through a maze of
text: smoky rooms filled with ugly faces floating above their
text: clattering tiles.
text: Their escorts are wearing blood stained body armor yet no one
text: blinks an eye.
text: In a back room the door is bolted.
text: An ancient brazier hums with modern circuity. A sphere of
text: dark sheen and refracted silence aquifies all the surrounding
dialog: noise.
text: In the center of the room a young boy appears, like a ghost.
text: His voice is that of an old man.
speaker_heading: AN-KOR APIS
dialog: Sonmi-451. I am sorely thankful to
dialog: see you still alive and truly
dialog: honored to meet you. I am General
dialog: An-Kor Apis, leader of Union.
dialog: 180.
text: Unsure how to react, Sonmi bows.
speaker_heading: AN-KOR APIS (CONT’D)
dialog: I apologize for the Sim-com but my
dialog: advisors assure me it is a
dialog: necessary precaution. I am also
dialog: forced to be brief. I know you
dialog: have many questions but let me
dialog: begin with the how.
text: Sonmi stares through the light gauze of smoke.
speaker_heading: AN-KOR APIS (CONT’D)
dialog: Years ago a psychogenomicist named
dialog: Yusouf Suleiman proved that
dialog: Fabricants were capable of the same
dialog: consciousness as any Pureblood. He
dialog: was rewarded for the discovery of
dialog: this scientific truth with
dialog: imprisonment, execution and the
dialog: eradication of any evidence
dialog: suggesting the success of his
dialog: experiment.
scene_heading: INT. LUISA’S APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY - YEAR 1973
text: Javier sits on the couch, crunching Grape nuts.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: So, do you know who did it?
text: Luisa is making a fruit salad in the kitchen.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Did what?
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Who tried to off ya?
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Jesus, Javier--
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: What? It’s the truth, ain’t it?
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: It’s not what I want to talk about
dialog: right now.
text: He looks at the letters spread out on the coffee table.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Are they after these letters?
dialog: 181.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: What do they want?
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: It’s... complicated.
scene_heading: INT. MAH-JONGG HOUSE - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: The General lights a cigarette, the real and virtual smoke
text: layering on each other.
speaker_heading: AN-KOR APIS
text: A high ranking genomicist inside
dialog: the Ministry of Science and
dialog: Commerce is sympathetic to our
dialog: cause. It was he that supplied us
text: with Suleiman’s formula. The rest
dialog: of the details are superficial; the
dialog: use of shells and intrigues to
dialog: secure a legitimate research
dialog: license, as well as the necessary
text: front to instream the catalyst at
dialog: Papa Song, all made legal by the
text: unwitting help of a University
dialog: doctoral candidate.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Boom-Sook.
speaker_heading: AN-KOR APIS
dialog: An unfortunate bit of collateral
dialog: damage. I’m afraid the success of
dialog: your sentience caught us all off
dialog: guard.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: ++.and Yoona?
speaker_heading: AN-KOR APIS
dialog: A tragedy to be sure, that will be
dialog: remembered only with the success of
dialog: our Revolution.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: General Apis... I am just a dinery
dialog: server. I was not genomed to alter
dialog: history.
speaker_heading: AN-KOR APIS
dialog: No revolutionary ever was.
dialog: 182.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, AURORA HOUSE - NIGHT - YEAR 2009
text: Cavendish is standing sentinel in Mr. Meeks's room watching
text: his own room just across the hall through the crack in the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: Ernie’s plan was a series of
text: toppling dominoes. The first of
dialog: which had fallen predictably and
dialog: flawlessly. But the third was a
dialog: crapshoot and could fall in
text: unwelcome directions. At a quarter
dialog: past ten Ernie went to Reception to
dialog: announce my death to Nurse Noakes.
dialog: The big unknown lay in Nurse
dialog: Noakes's personal loathing for me.
dialog: Would she rush to see her enemy
dialog: fallen, to stick a hatpin in my
dialog: neck to check I was truly dead? Or
dialog: celebrate in style first?
text: Mr. Meeks watches over Cavendish’s shoulder as hurried soft-
text: soled footsteps echo in the hall. Nurse Noakes stops in front
text: of Cavendish’s room, collects herself then knocks.
speaker_heading: MR. MEEKS
dialog: I know, I know...
text: She tries the handle, as Cavendish silently hushes him.
speaker_heading: NOAKES
dialog: Mr. Cavendish? Is everything
dialog: alright?
text: Inside she sees an unmoving figure under the blankets.
text: Mr. Meeks rocks excitedly as she steps into the room. He
text: tugs on Cavendish’s sleeve.
text: Cavendish turns and Mr. Meeks leans into his ear whispering.
speaker_heading: MR. MEEKS
dialog: Don’t leave me.
text: Cavendish stunned, stares at the pleading, Mr. Magoo-like
dialog: eyes.
scene_heading: INT. MAH-JONGG HOUSE - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: All of the men stare at Sonmi, waiting for an answer. Almost
text: imperceptibly, she shakes her head.
dialog: 183.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: I’m sorry. I can not do what you
dialog: are asking.
text: There is a disappointed silence.
speaker_heading: AN-KOR APIS
dialog: I understand. It would be a
dialog: difficult choice for anyone. (beat)
dialog: But before you call your decision
dialog: final, there is one last thing I’d
dialog: like you to see.
text: He crushes out his cigarette.
speaker_heading: AN-KOR APIS (CONT’D)
dialog: So you understand fully what we are
dialog: fighting for.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR, AURORA HOUSE - NIGHT - YEAR 2009
text: Cavendish turns away from the pleading eyes of Meeks with an
dialog: expression that says, “I’m sorry.”
speaker_heading: NOAKES
dialog: Mr. Cavendish?
text: Across the hall, Noakes switches on the lights. Something
text: about the way the figure looks arouses her suspicion and as
text: she crosses to the bed--
text: Cavendish leaps from Meeks’ room lunging for the door handle.
text: He yanks the door shut but not before Nurse Noakes grabs it
text: stopping it from closing.
text: Noakes snarls at him.
speaker_heading: NOAKES (CONT'D)
dialog: I knew it was too good to be true.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: You’1l find my comment card on my
dialog: nightstand, but don’t expect very
dialog: favorable marks, you cantankerous
dialog: witch.
text: They both strain against the handle, Cavendish’s grip
text: slipping slightly.
text: Realizing he is about to lose the tug of war, Cavendish
text: gambles and lets go of the door.
dialog: 184.
text: Nurse Noakes not expecting the sudden lack of resistance
text: flies head over heels onto the floor.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (CONT’D)
dialog: And so adieu. The literal
dialog: translated from the French meaning
dialog: to commend before--
text: She bull-rushes the door--
text: But Cavendish quickly scurries slamming it shut rushing
dialog: through his speech.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (CONT’D)
dialog: God.
text: Her fists and catalog of threats beat at the door much to Mr.
text: Meeks’ delight. Cavendish flicks the lock.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL MEMLING - NIGHT - YEAR 1931
text: There is a furious pounding on the door.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: Mr. Ewing! Mr. Ewing! I must
dialog: speak with you! Open this door--
text: The door cracks open revealing Frobisher.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: I asked you not to disturb me!
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: I do apologize, Mr. Ewing but this
dialog: is a matter of serious consequence.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: Yes. Go on then.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: It seems the local constable is
text: rather vexed, searching as he is,
dialog: high and low for this dangerous
dialog: ruffian who attacked the great
dialog: composer Vyvyan Ayrs. Have you
dialog: seen the papers, Mr. Ewing? It’s
dialog: quite a scandal.
text: Sensing where this is going, Frobisher shakes his head.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER (CONT’D)
dialog: You’re a composer, yourself aren’t
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 185.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER (CONT’D)
dialog: They say this, Robert Frobisher,
dialog: that’s his name, is also a composer-
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: The constable asked to search my
dialog: rooms. I know how hard you are
dialog: working so I told him there was no
text: one on the third floor. It costs
dialog: quite a bit of money to keep an
text: entire floor empty.
text: Frobisher pulls out his purse and empties it.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER
dialog: That’s everything I have.
text: He takes the money, admiring Frobisher’s waistcoat.
speaker_heading: HOTEL MANAGER
dialog: That is the most beautiful
dialog: waistcoat...
text: Frobisher begins removing it while the manager smiles.
speaker_heading: JAVIER (V.O.)
dialog: So, you think these letters are the
dialog: key?
scene_heading: INT. LUISA’S APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY - YEAR 1973
text: Luisa pours herself a cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: No. Not really.
text: Javier is still on the couch, looking intently at the
dialog: letters.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: But the old guy had these letters
dialog: the night they offed him, so they
dialog: gotta be important.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: They were to him.
text: Luisa grabs a spoon for her fruit salad.
dialog: 186.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: But if they’re not important why do
dialog: you keep reading them?
text: He notices something and picks up a pencil.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: I don’t know... maybe I’m just
text: trying to understand something.
text: He begins scribbling with the pencil.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Why we keep making the same
dialog: mistakes over and over.
text: She crosses to the couch with her salad and her coffee.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Maybe you should ask Megan.
text: She freezes.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Do you know a Megan?
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Yeah, that’s his niece. But how
dialog: did you know that? I didn’t tell
dialog: you that?
text: He holds up the back of the envelope that he was rubbing his
text: pencil against, highlighting, “Megan Sixsmith” and her Hawaii
dialog: address.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Looks like he mailed her something
dialog: the night he died. Probably used
dialog: the envelope he was keeping these
dialog: letters in.
text: Her jaw is on the floor.
speaker_heading: JAVIER (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on, Luisa. First rule of
dialog: mystery writing: a good clue always
text: leads to another clue.
dialog: 187.
text: She rushes at him, kissing him, grabbing the envelope.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Javier, you're a fucking genius!
scene_heading: EXT. AURORA HOUSE - NIGHT - YEAR 2009
text: The Hotchkiss’ Range Rover roars through the automatic gate,
text: Johns Hotchkiss's wife in the driving seat.
text: As they pass by, Ernie grabs a chain and loops it around the
text: gate, stopping it from being able to close.
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION, AURORA HOUSE - NIGHT - YEAR 2009
text: Cavendish watches on the surveillance camera.
text: As the car pulls up, Veronica rushes to meet them.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Mr. Hotchkiss? Your mother is my
dialog: dearest friend here. Do hurry to
dialog: her, please. The doctor thought it
dialog: too dangerous to move her.
text: Johns Hotchkiss’ wife grabs him and hauls him into the
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: It’s working. I can’t believe it’s
dialog: working.
text: He ducks just as they rush by heading up the stairs. As soon
text: as they are out of sight, Cavendish bolts outside.
scene_heading: EXT. AURORA HOUSE - NIGHT - YEAR 2009
text: Cavendish climbs behind the wheel of the luxury SUV. It has
dialog: been a while.
text: He tries to re-acclimate himself with the basics while Ernie
text: heaves their suitcases haphazardly into the back.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Right. Yes, I see-- No, wait-- Ah!--
dialog: No...
text: Veronica’s door slams as Ernie jumps into the passenger seat.
text: He looks at Cavendish.
text: Cavendish nods and reaches for the key in the ignition.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (CONT’D)
dialog: I-- I don’t--
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: What are you waiting for?
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: No key.
text: Cavendish starts to panic.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (CONT’D)
dialog: No ruddy key--
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: He always leaves it in the
dialog: ignition!
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: His wife was driving! She took the
dialog: keys! The ruddy female took the
dialog: keys in with her! Sweet Saint Ruddy
dialog: Jude, what do we do now?
dialog: 188.
text: Ernie looks on the dashboard, in the glove compartment, on
dialog: the floor.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (CONT’D)
dialog: Can you hot-wire it?
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Don't be soft!
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Think of something! You’re the
dialog: genius! You’re the ruddy ruddy
dialog: genius!
text: They see Withers running down the nightlit corridor from the
text: dining room annex, with two Hotchkisses close behind.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Shite!
text: Ernie punches the automatic locks.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: We’re done for!
scene_heading: EXT. LUISA’S APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY - YEAR 1973
text: Luisa exits the building. She checks her watch, then hurries
text: down the sidewalk.
dialog: 189.
text: We watch her from inside a car. A pair of gloved hands take
text: hold of the steering wheel. The driver pulls the car out and
text: begins to follow her.
scene_heading: EXT. AURORA HOUSE - NIGHT - YEAR 2009
text: Withers flings open the front door leaping down the steps.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Look under the sun flap!
text: Cavendish pulls down on the visor, the Range Rover key
text: dropping into his lap.
speaker_heading: ERNIE/CAVENDISH
dialog: Yeeeeee-sss!
text: Cavendish sees them coming fast his fingers fumbling dropping
dialog: the key.
text: Withers flies head-over-ass on a frozen puddle--
text: Just as Cavendish bangs his head on the steering wheel, the
text: horn sounding.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Hurry, Tim, hurry!
text: Withers yanks at the locked door.
speaker_heading: WITHERS
dialog: I’m gonna flay your arse straight
dialog: into a coma if you don’t open this
dialog: door, Cavendish!
text: The Hotchkisses surround their car, as Cavendish drives the
text: key home into the ignition.
speaker_heading: HOTCHKISS
dialog: Get your bony carcasses out of my
dialog: car or I'll sue — Dammit, I'll sue
dialog: anyway!
text: The SUV roars to life, dashboard blazing with fairy lights;
dialog: Chet Baker singing "Let's Get Lost.”
text: Cavendish cranks the gearshift and the SUV leaps forward.
text: He chuckles as he sees them recede in the rearview mirror,
text: but his smile quickly fades when he catches the figure of Mr.
text: Meeks shuffling out of the vestibule.
dialog: 190.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Oh look, it’s Mr. Meeks.
text: Cavendish looks back and then ahead at the wide open gate.
text: He groans.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Oh ruddy, bloody hell.
text: He cranks the wheel.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: What the hell are you doing? Are
dialog: you daft man?
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: I can’t do it.
text: The SUV arcs onto the lawn, four wheel drive ripping into the
text: turf, Cavendish leaving his mark; a giant “C”--
text: And they lurch back toward Aurora House the Hotchkisses and
text: Withers scattering out of the way.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: All for one and one for all, is it?
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Veronica would you unlock the door
dialog: for Mr. Meeks?
text: The SUV bounds up the walk fishtailing and skidding to a stop
text: parallel to the door. Mr. Meeks shuffles in place in
text: excitement, as Veronica opens the side door.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Hello, Mr. Meeks! We’re out for a
dialog: night time drive.
speaker_heading: MR. MEEKS
dialog: I know! I know!
text: The car lunges forward again barreling at Hotchkiss who tries
text: to stand his ground but at the last moment, he leaps away.
text: They chortle until they realize what Withers is doing; the
text: chain is in his hands, the heavy gate swinging closed.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Oh no.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: What now?
dialog: 191.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
text: Ram the gates.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ERNIE
text: Nice big Range Rover at fifty miles
dialog: per hour should do the trick. So
dialog: long as the center pole isn't sunk
dialog: deep, the gates'll just fly apart
dialog: on impact.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: And if it is sunk deep?
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Then we'll fly apart on impact. So,
dialog: foot to the floor, Cavendish!
text: Cavendish goes white, his life suddenly up for review.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: How terribly thrilling!
text: The gates rush at them, ten, eight, six car lengths away.
text: Cavendish whispers to himself.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Sod it, Timbo, what have you got to
dialog: lose?
text: He jams his foot down on the accelerator and--
text: Wham! The vertical bars become diagonal ones as--
text: The gates fly off their hinges.
text: Cavendish’s heart bungee-jumps from throat to bowel and back
text: again as he grips his intestines shut with all his might.
text: The Range Rover bucks and skids all over the road rubber
dialog: tries burning but --
text: Somehow manages to stay out the ditch and upright.
text: Fog undulates in the headlight beams.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (CONT'D)
dialog: We made it?
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Aye.
dialog: 192.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Absolutely thrilling!
speaker_heading: MR. MEEKS
dialog: I know, I know!
text: Cavendish stomps on the gas.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: All for one and one for all!
text: Mr. Meeks giggles humming "The British Grenadiers" as the
text: Range Rover wolfs down the northward miles.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - DAY - YEAR 1973
text: Luisa hurries down the street, heading for a small
text: intersection of a large street and a much smaller warehouse
dialog: street.
text: As she steps off the curb, a black car waiting down the
text: throat of the small street peels out.
text: Luisa is on the middle of the street when she realizes what
dialog: is about to happen--
text: She looks like she is ready to die until--
text: She whips out a gun and fires into the windshield.
text: The car swerves, bounces off another parked car and almost
dialog: hits her when--
text: Napier tackles her, knocking her to the ground as--
text: The black car bashes its way into crossing traffic.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: It worked.
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: Like hell it did. He’s supposed to
dialog: be dead.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: I told you I’m a terrible shot.
text: Tires scream as the black car swerves through traffic.
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: Shit. Come on.
dialog: 193.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: NAPIER
text: He’s coming back.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINSIDE - DAY - YEAR 2321
text: Zachry and Meronym react to a loud sound.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
text: Kona war cry. Comin’ from the
dialog: Valley.
text: They hear the shrieking cry again.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh no-no-no-- mercysome Sonmi,
dialog: please, no.
text: He bolts.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCK-SPRAWL - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: Sonmi stares ahead looking at something that frightens her.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: This is what the General wanted me
dialog: to see?
text: Chang nods.
text: From a hidden vantage point, they are looking at an enormous
text: freighter, the size of a battleship.
text: The ship’s call letters are stenciled along the prow:
speaker_heading: GEO-R93.
text: Emblazoned upon its severely distressed hull we also see the
text: bright, cheerful logo of Papa Song Inc.
text: A transport arrives and Sonmi watches as several of her
text: Fabricant sisters, including a few Sonmis, cluster excitedly.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (CONT'D)
dialog: They believe they are going to
dialog: Xultation.
dialog: 194.
text: She looks at Chang.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (CONT’D)
dialog: But they’re not, are they?
scene_heading: EXT. THE VALLEY - DAY - YEAR 2321
text: Zachry races desperately, tearing through the trees.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - DAY - YEAR 1973
text: Luisa and Napier run as the black car closes after them.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
text: The end rushes towards me.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL MEMLING - NIGHT - YEAR 1931
text: Frobisher’s pen quivers furiously, moving to the rush of
text: music pouring out of him like blood from an open vein.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: Ayrs has the dogs after me. The
dialog: bullet passed through killing
dialog: little more than his appetite yet
dialog: he’s out for blood. Will have to
dialog: pay the piper eventually but not
dialog: now. Now all I want is a quiet
dialog: room where I can finish the Sextet.
text: A plate of food remains untouched.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: Unable to eat, or sleep. Like
text: Ewing, the “mortal coil” has become
text: a noose.
scene_heading: INT. PAPA SONG’S FRIEGHTER - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: Wearing the white robes of the Aides, Sonmi and Chang make
dialog: their way down into the ship--
text: While all around them is a haunting beautiful chorus of
text: singing voices.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: Would rather become music.
text: Smiling Fabricants wait in lines, winding like a coiled
text: bowel, singing their Hymns of Freedom and Xultation.
dialog: 195.
scene_heading: EXT. THE VALLEY - DAY - YEAR 2321
text: Branches slash at his skin and clothes as Zachry reaches the
text: perimeter of the village. Smoke turns everything into a kind
text: of hazy dream.
text: He runs past a burning house--
text: On the fence post a severed head cries soundlessly.
scene_heading: INT. PAPA SONG’S FRIGHTER - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: Chang leads her to the Observation deck; a series of catwalks
text: above rows of small, almost empty rooms.
text: In each, there is a chair in the center. Two Aides work each
dialog: room.
text: Sonmi watches as the next Fabricant in line is escorted into
text: the room. It is a Sonmi model.
text: The second Aide prepares a device that swings around like a
text: dentist armed-tool but is shaped like a partial helmet.
text: The Fabricant is seated in the chair.
speaker_heading: AIDE
dialog: Just relax. This is to remove your
dialog: collar.
text: The Sonmi beams.
speaker_heading: SONMI-351
dialog: Just as Papa Song promised.
text: The Aide smiles and nods as the device is fitted to her head.
text: The operating Aide hits a button and with a sharp “clack”, a
text: metal bolt is driven through the center of the Fabricant’s
text: forehead, killing her instantly.
text: With a factory worker’s sense of routine, they finish their
text: work; cleaning the chair, pulling the next helmet into place
text: while the other one lifts the Sonmi off her feet.
text: She dances in the air, swinging like a side of beef as the
text: conveyered helmet bears her body through a flapped doorway.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Where are they taking her?
dialog: 196.
scene_heading: EXT. BAILEY DWELLING - DAY - 2321
text: A Kona horse remains outside the house. The horse bristles as
text: he nears it.
text: He stalks towards the front yard when he sees--
text: Rose dead, laying in a pool of blood.
text: Like a reoccurring nightmare he cannot escape, he stumbles
text: towards her body.
text: Anguish wracks his heart.
text: His only remaining thought is of his niece.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Catkin?
scene_heading: INT. PAPA SONG’S SLAUGHTERHOUSE - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: The space is vast, perhaps a third of the belly of the
text: enormous ship; the slaughterhouse sprawls out below them as
dialog: if it had no end.
text: A few workers, and an army of conveyor belt robots wield
text: scissors, sword-saws, and varying tools for stripping,
text: rending and grinding.
text: With assembly-line efficiency, they snip collars, strip
text: clothes, peel skin, offcut hands and feet, and vacuum out the
dialog: offal.
text: It is perhaps the sound that disturbs Sonmi the most.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: I don’t understand.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Recycled Fabricants are a cheap
dialog: source of protein. The genomics
dialog: industry demands huge quantities of
dialog: liquefied biomatter for wombtanks
dialog: and more importantly to sustain
dialog: their engineered labor force.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Soap.
text: Chang nods.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (CONT’D)
dialog: They feed us to ourselves.
dialog: 197.
scene_heading: INT. THE PROPHETESS - EWING’S ROOM - DAY - YEAR 1846
text: Goose leans in, barely an inch from Ewing’s face. He speaks
text: in a loving whisper.
speaker_heading: GOOSE
dialog: Dearest Ewing, your worm is in its
text: death throes, expelling every drop
dialog: of poison. Drink this final
text: purgative to expel its calcified
dialog: remains. Come on, handsomely does
dialog: it, one last drink, the end of your
text: suffering is at hand.
text: Ewing strains to lift himself, his lips reaching for the
dialog: alembic.
text: Lightning strikes outside as the ship is rocked by the
text: approaching storm.
scene_heading: INT. BAILEY DWELLING - DAY - YEAR 2321
text: Zachry quietly moves through his abandoned house. Nobody.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Catkin?
text: He hears a male voice grumbling. Then, silence again.
text: Someone is still in the house. He holds his spiker ready to
dialog: attack.
text: Stalking through the house, he sees the intruder passed out
text: in the storeroom, having drank all of their dandelion wine--
text: A KONA WARRIOR.
dialog: As far as Zachry knows, this is the man who killed his
dialog: sister.
dialog: He knows what he is going to do.
text: The spiker flashes as Zachry fits it beneath the warrior’s
dialog: throat.
text: The blue vein pulses, waiting but something is wrong.
text: The world seems to freeze as Zachry hears the Abbesses words.
speaker_heading: ABBESS (0.S.)
dialog: “Enemy’s sleepin’, don’t slit that
dialog: throat.”
dialog: 198.
text: His mind goes to war with every instinct in his body.
scene_heading: INT. THE PROPHETESS - EWING’S ROOM - DAY - YEAR 1846
text: The dark liquid touches Ewing’s lips just as there is a knock
text: on the door.
text: His focus broken, Ewing lays back. Goose is frustrated. The
text: knock continues.
speaker_heading: AUTUA
dialog: (through the door)
dialog: Missa Ewing! Missa Ewing!
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: ..-Autua?
speaker_heading: GOOSE
dialog: Adam, you really must drink this.
text: His voice is barely audible.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: .-.-please... see what he wants.
text: Grumbling, Goose carefully sets the alembic down. He unlocks
text: the door.
text: Autua smiles when he sees Ewing and tries the enter.
speaker_heading: AUTUA
dialog: Mr. Ewing, how are you--
text: Goose stops him.
speaker_heading: GOOSE
text: Mr. Ewing is at a critical juncture
dialog: in his treatment. The next few
dialog: hours will determine if he will
dialog: live or die.
text: Autua realizes the seriousness of the situation.
speaker_heading: AUTUA
dialog: Then I stay here.
speaker_heading: GOOSE
dialog: What, no, you can’t.
speaker_heading: AUTUA
dialog: I must. Missa Ewing save my life.
dialog: He my duty.
dialog: 199.
speaker_heading: GOOSE
dialog: Listen to me, you ignorant ape,
dialog: “Missa Ewing” does not want you
dialog: around him. You probably infected
dialog: him to begin with. He begged me to
dialog: please, and I quote, “keep that
dialog: dirty nigger away from me.” So
dialog: please, kindly respect his wishes.
text: Autua is too stunned to do anything as Goose slams the door.
text: Goose turns already knowing the look of horror upon Ewing’s
dialog: face.
text: Ewing’s mouth works uselessly.
speaker_heading: GOOSE (CONT’D)
dialog: What’s that, Ewing? How shall I
dialog: comprehend if you drool and dribble
dialog: so?
text: He laughs, his mask completely dropped.
speaker_heading: GOOSE (CONT’D)
dialog: Let me hazard a guess, then.
dialog: Something in the key of, “Oh Henry,
dialog: how could you do this to me? I
dialog: thought we were friends?”
text: He stoops and picks up the alembic.
speaker_heading: GOOSE (CONT’D)
dialog: Unfortunately, you are wrong, Adam.
dialog: Wrong like Horrox and your silly
dialog: father-in-law. There is only one
dialog: rule that binds all people, one
dialog: governing principle that defines
dialog: every relationship on God’s green
dialog: earth.
text: He sits beside Ewing again, his teeth looming over the
dialog: helpless Ewing.
speaker_heading: GOOSE (CONT’D)
dialog: “The Weak are Meat and the Strong
dialog: Do Eat.”
scene_heading: INT. BAILEY DWELLING - DAY - YEAR 2321
text: Zachry stares at the Kona, rage and hate boiling his blood.
text: He screams, sinking the knife deep into the warriors throat,
dialog: whose eyes snap open--
dialog: 200.
text: The blade saws through the gristle of the larynx, blood
text: bubbling as he tries to shout.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - DAY - YEAR 1973
text: The car roars after Napier and Luisa like a predatory animal,
text: smashing into dumpsters, sparks flying, metal shrieking--
text: The front grill of the old sedan gleaming like teeth.
scene_heading: INT. THE PROPHETESS - DAY - YEAR 1846
text: Goose presses his knee against his chest, pinning him.
speaker_heading: GOOSE
dialog: Why, you ask.
text: He pulls out a pen knife.
speaker_heading: GOOSE (CONT’D)
dialog: ‘Tis absurdly simple.
text: Using the knife he slices off a button from Ewing’s lovely
text: waistcoat. He inspects the button, finds it to his liking
text: and smiles, a toothy, yellow smile.
speaker_heading: GOOSE (CONT’D)
dialog: There is money in your trunk and I
dialog: want it, so I have killed you for
dialog: it.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - DAY - YEAR 1973
text: Bill Smoke leans out of his window, firing his gun as Napier
text: drags Luisa around a corner--
text: Into a dead end.
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: Shit.
text: The car comes screeching around the corner as they race up a
text: flight of stairs to a warehouse door.
text: The door opens and they rush inside.
text: Bill Smoke, stops the car and walks briskly after them.
dialog: 201.
scene_heading: INT. BAILEY DWELLING - DAY - YEAR 2321
text: The Kona lies soaked in his own blood.
text: Zachry suddenly sees movement in the corner of the room. The
text: floor is moving ever so softly. Slowly, he sneaks closer.
text: There’s a secret door in the ground, hard to identify as it
text: blends in with the earth and dust around it.
text: His spear ready to be thrown, he yanks it open--
text: Revealing Catkin, trembling with fear, hiding in a little
text: hole underneath the door.
text: They fall into each other’s arms, tears flooding down their
text: faces, when they hear more horses.
text: Zachry ducks and crawls to the window.
text: Four more KONA are gathered around the empty horse. They
text: begin calling a name. Whistling.
text: Zachry looks at the dead man. Catkin sees him, too. Zachry
text: hushes her back into her den.
text: When he looks back out the window he sees the Kona coming
text: towards the house.
text: He looks for a place to hide; slithering into a cupboard just
text: as two of the Kona enter.
text: Immediately they find the body. Zachry listens to their
text: angry shouts; boots begin pounding through the house.
text: The darkness of his cramped box is filled with the sound of
text: violence as the warriors tear through, smashing and
dialog: destroying what little the Bailey’s owned.
text: From the crack of light and the proximity of sound, he knows
text: one of them is just outside the door.
text: He holds his breath. He prays. It is not enough--
text: The cupboard opens; the moment their eyes meet, Zachry knows
text: he is dead.
scene_heading: INT. INDUSTRIAL BUILDING - DAY - YEAR 1973
text: A sparse reception area is lit by a single tube, a tomb of
text: flies. A black-eyed young Mexican woman swoops from nowhere
text: and flutters into Napier’s face brandishing her nail-file.
dialog: 202.
speaker_heading: MEXICAN WOMAN
dialog: No ‘llegals here! No ‘llegals
dialog: here! Bossaway! Bossaway! Come back
dialog: ‘notherday!
text: The noise from the back is monolithic.
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: I’m not an inspector. We need
dialog: help.
text: A poodle wanders out of its cardboard bed and begins sniffing
dialog: at Napier.
text: The woman responds with machine-gun Spanish, talking to
text: Napier and the dog simultaneously.
speaker_heading: NAPIER (CONT’D)
dialog: I don’t understand--
text: Luisa jumps in.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: (in perfect Spanish)
dialog: We don’t want the police to get
dialog: involved. We understand your
dialog: situation but there is a man you is
dialog: trying to kill me and we really
dialog: need your help.
text: The woman looks at her, unsure of what she should do.
scene_heading: INT. THE PROPHETESS - EWING’S ROOM - DAY - YEAR 1846
text: Goose smiles, pinching Ewing’s nose, forcing his mouth open.
speaker_heading: GOOSE
dialog: I commend you for a noble
dialog: constitution, Adam. Most of my
dialog: patrons succumb to my ministrations
dialog: long before it comes to a drama
dialog: such as this, but enough’s enough,
dialog: it is time for you to die.
text: He holds the alembic to his lips and begins to pour.
text: The lantern sways nervously as the wind howls and rain lashes
dialog: the ship.
text: The poison fills Ewing’s mouth when the door explodes open.
text: Autua steps into the room; a club in his clenched fist.
dialog: 203.
speaker_heading: AUTUA
dialog: Get away from Mr. Ewing or I kill
dialog: you.
text: Goose rises affably.
speaker_heading: GOOSE
dialog: This is a simple misunderstanding--
text: He attacks, throwing the alembic but Autua is too fast--
text: Closing the distance, bashing Goose in the face, shattering
text: his nose.
text: Goose goes down in the cramped space as Ewing spits the
text: poison from his mouth.
speaker_heading: AUTUA
dialog: Mr. Ewing.
text: Autua rushes to Ewing.
speaker_heading: AUTUA (CONT’D)
dialog: Gotta flush you out.
text: He starts to lift him, when Ewing sees--—
text: Goose rise up, blood streaming from his ruined nose, his eyes
text: like a rabid dog about to attack--
scene_heading: INT. INDUSTRIAL BUILDING - DAY - YEAR 1973
text: Bill Smoke shoves through the door, into the small reception
text: area. Napier and Luisa are gone. There are three doors in
dialog: the room.
text: The Mexican flaps her hands with her long elaborately painted
text: nails at him as if shooing flies, mixing Spanish and heavily-
text: accented English.
speaker_heading: SMOKE
dialog: Two people came in here, which way
dialog: did they go?
text: Her poodle becomes immediately agitated and begins barking.
speaker_heading: MEXICAN WOMAN
dialog: We treat workers good! (more
dialog: Spanish) No need Union! (more
dialog: Spanish)
text: Smoke pulls out his gun.
dialog: 204.
speaker_heading: SMOKE
dialog: Which way did they go?
text: The gun sends her into hysterics. The dog gets even more
text: upset. Combined with the roar of the hidden machines, Smoke
dialog: can’t hear himself think.
speaker_heading: SMOKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Shut up! Shut the fuck up!
text: The yapping of the dog is like aluminium on teeth. She is
dialog: telling him who her boss knows when--
text: He shoots the dog.
text: She freezes, too shocked to even understand.
speaker_heading: SMOKE (CONT’D)
dialog: Stupid fucking wetback.
text: She sinks to her knees, crying out in terrible pain while he
text: pushes past her and enters the third door.
scene_heading: EXT. BAILEY DWELLING - DAY - 2321
text: Zachry is thrown onto the ground. His hands are bound behind
text: him, Rose laying a few feet away.
text: An angry tattooed warrior puts a boot to his neck.
speaker_heading: KONA WARRIOR
dialog: For what you done, we ought blade
dialog: off your hands’n’feet, blade off
dialog: your cock an leave you for the
text: flies’n’rats’ feastin’. But
dialog: Captain say that too good for you.
text: Another Kona finishes heating a branding iron.
text: Zachry sees the orange-red glowing piece of metal and begins
dialog: to struggle.
text: Zachry screams as the brand is pressed deep into his cheek.
scene_heading: INT. THE PROPHETESS - EWING’S ROOM - DAY - YEAR 1846
text: Goose attacks, shrieking like an animal bashing Autua who
text: collapses onto Ewing.
text: Before Goose can finish the job, the ship heaves violently,
text: throwing everyone against the far wall.
dialog: 205.
text: Autua recovers as he and Goose have at one another in the
text: chaos of the rolling, pitching waves and disorienting lamp
text: light.
text: Goose flails after several spilled vials from his bag as
text: Autua finds his club and is about to finish the fight but--
text: Goose hurls a liquid that burns him.
text: The killer leaps on top, using the club to crush Autua’s wind
dialog: pipe.
text: Autua looks past Goose.
speaker_heading: AUTUA
dialog: No, Missa Ewing! Don’t! Get out
dialog: of here!
text: Goose smiles, blood smeared across his teeth.
speaker_heading: GOOSE
dialog: You got a lot to learn about lying,
dialog: nigger. Ewing can’t even stand,
dialog: let alone help you--
text: But Ewing is standing and more than that, he raises the
dialog: metal lock box that Goose wanted and--
text: Swings with every fibre of his being, falling as he strikes--
text: The sound of metal breaking against bone like a crack of
dialog: thunder as--
text: Goose collapses.
scene_heading: EXT. BAILEY DWELLING - DAY - 2321
text: A noose hangs around Zachry’s neck, tying him to the back of
text: the Kona’s horse. The body of the man he killed is tied over
text: the horse beside him.
text: He seems almost resigned to his fate when he sees the Kona
text: throw a torch onto the thatched roof.
text: It immediately bursts into flames. Terror clutches his
dialog: heart.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Catkin.
text: Fire and smoke consume the small house as Zachry writhes.
dialog: 206.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT’D)
dialog: Oh no. S’my fault. S’all my fault.
scene_heading: INT. SWEATSHOP - DAY - YEAR 1973
text: An underworld sweatshop clattering with five hundred sewing
text: machines. Flakes of textile are suspended in the viscous
text: heat, haloing the naked bulbs hanging over each machinist.
text: Luisa and Napier skirt the outer walkway in a rapid semi-
text: crouch. Limp Donald Ducks and crucified Scooby-Doos have
text: their innards stitched, one by one, row by row, pallet by
text: pallet. Each woman keeps her eyes fixed on the needle plates,
text: so Luisa and Napier cause little commotion.
text: They enter a large storeroom. Rows, aisles and ten-foot tall
text: boxes conceal the true dimensions of the room.
dialog: Napier is considering if they should go back when gunshots
dialog: make up his mind.
text: They weave through the maze of cardboard as Smoke chases,
text: firing his gun.
text: A door opens to a stairwell down. They leap down the single
text: flight to a mechanical service tunnel. The door of the
text: stairwell bangs above them as Smoke gains.
text: They race down the hall which has several heavy metal doors,
text: trying each one. They are all locked.
text: Smoke enters the hall at the other end. There is one last
text: door remaining. Napier grabs the handle--
text: It’s locked.
dialog: There’s no way out.
scene_heading: EXT. BAILEY DWELLING - DAY - 2321
text: Zachry thrashes against his ropes, screaming as the house is
text: swallowed by flames.
text: The Kona sneer as they mount their horses and dig their spurs
dialog: when--
text: Zachry hears a “ksss-ksss” sound and the warrior falls off
dialog: his horse--
text: Two red holes in his forehead.
dialog: 207.
text: The others react but the sound continues, like bees zipping
dialog: by--
text: Two more drop with holes punched through different parts of
dialog: there bodies.
text: The last one slings a rock and Meronym is knocked from her
text: perch in a tree.
text: She falls with a terrible thud, her thin silver weapon
text: bouncing away.
text: Zachry tries to get free but can’t.
text: The Kona grabs the weapon before Meronym can recover.
text: He lifts it, aiming it at her and pulls the trigger--
text: Exploding his own head because he had the futuristic gun
dialog: backwards.
text: Meronym stands, brushing herself off.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: I’m getting too old for this shit.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Catkin! She’s’n th’house!
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: Oh no.
text: There’s not much left of it but she runs straight into the
text: burning house.
scene_heading: INT. INDUSTRIAL BUILDING - BASEMENT - YEAR 1973
text: Aiming his gun, Smoke walks towards them.
speaker_heading: SMOKE
dialog: I told Grimaldi, you couldn’t be
dialog: trusted, Joe.
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: Look who’s talking.
speaker_heading: SMOKE
dialog: I’m completely loyal to whoever
dialog: writes the biggest check. That’s
dialog: the business we’re in.
speaker_heading: NAPIER
dialog: Maybe I’m tired of the business.
dialog: 208.
text: He smiles and lifts the gun.
speaker_heading: SMOKE
dialog: Well... enjoy your retirement.
text: He is about to shoot when the Mexican woman steps out of an
text: alcove leading to one of the other doors.
text: In her hand is a monkey wrench which she brings down on the
text: back of Smoke’s head, crumpling him like a pushed pile of
dialog: bricks.
text: Ten more blows of extreme ferocity follow, each one making
text: Luisa flinch.
speaker_heading: MEXICAN WOMAN
dialog: Yo! Amaba! A! Ese! Jodido!
dialog: Perro!
text: She leans over Smoke’s pulped face.
speaker_heading: MEXICAN WOMAN (CONT’D)
dialog: And don’t call me a fucking
dialog: wetback!
scene_heading: EXT. BAILEY DWELLING - DAY - 2321
text: Zachry thrashes off the horse. Using the spurs of the dead
text: Kona, he cuts himself free.
text: Just as he stands, Meronym stumbles out of the collapsing
dialog: house--
text: Catkin in her arms.
text: A cry bursts from him like a bird taking flight. He rushes
text: to his sister, engulfing her with his arms.
text: With gratitude wetting his eyes, he looks up at Meronym.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Thank you.
text: She nods.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PROPHETESS - DAY - YEAR 1846
text: Ewing vomits salty water on the planks of the “Prophetess”.
speaker_heading: AUTUA
dialog: One more. Salt clean your stomach.
dialog: 209.
text: Holding Ewing who can barely kneel by himself, Autua forces
text: another liter of salt water into Ewing’s throat, who
text: convulses before spitting it all out again.
speaker_heading: AUTUA (CONT’D)
dialog: Good. See where we are, Missa
dialog: Ewing.
text: He helps Ewing up to stand. With Ewing, we can see the
text: harbour: the boat is docked in San Francisco bay.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: ..-home.
text: The sight of his home bears Ewing up.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - NIGHT - YEAR 2009
text: The Range Rover hums along the night road. A service station
text: sign glows up ahead.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Alright almost home.
text: The Range Rover’s lights fall on an all-night petrol station
text: with a pub next door called the Hanged Edward. Midnight is
text: long gone, but the lights are still on.
speaker_heading: ERNIE (CONT’D)
dialog: Park in the pub. I'll go and get us
dialog: a can of petrol so nobody'll spot
text: us. Silly Johns left his jacket in
text: the car, and in the jacket—tra-la.
text: Ernie pulls out a wallet thick with pounds.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: A Drambuie and soda would hit the
dialog: spot.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: I'm sure he can stand us a round.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: I must admit in all the excitement
dialog: I did forget to wee before our
dialog: escape.
speaker_heading: MR. MEEKS
dialog: I know! I know!
dialog: 210.
scene_heading: INT. THE HANGED EDWARD - NIGHT - YEAR 2009
text: In the warm cave of a bar, a crowd watches TV soccer in a
text: distant fluorescent time zone. In the eighty-first minute
dialog: England is a goal down to Scotland.
text: Without taking his eyes off the TV the barman delivers Ernie
text: their drinks by sense of touch alone.
text: The foursome edge their way through the crowd and take their
text: seats in an alcove. A cyclone of despair suddenly sweeps
text: through the bar as England is awarded a penalty.
text: Tribalism electrifies the air.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: I'd like to check my route. Ernie,
dialog: the map if you will.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: You had it last.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: Oh. Must be in...
text: Cavendish’s face freezes in sudden rigor mortis.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.) (CONT’D)
dialog: My room. Extreme close-up, Director
dialog: Lars, of Cavendish realizing his
dialog: fateful mistake. I had left the map
dialog: on my bed. For Nurse Noakes. With
dialog: our route marked out in felt pen.
text: His face breaks its glacial hold.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (CONT'D)
dialog: +.-oh God. I think we had better
dialog: drink up and move on.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: But we've only just started this
dialog: round.
text: Cavendish swallows hard.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH
dialog: About the, er, Map...
text: He checks his watch calculating distances and speeds in his
dialog: head.
text: Ernie begins to catch on.
dialog: 211.
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: What about the map?
text: His mouth opens to speak but the room is drowned in a howl of
text: tribal grief. England has tied the match.
text: In the din the entrance door opens and the hulking figure of
text: Mr. Withers fills the frame. His Gestapo eyes settle on the
text: group as Johns Hotchkiss and an orderly appear beside him.
text: Cavendish lets out a breath of resignation.
scene_heading: EXT. CARTPATH - DAY - YEAR 2321
text: Zachry rides with Catkin as their horses charge down the road
text: in full gallop.
text: As they charge towards the edge of the Valley they pass right
text: by a large party of looting Kona.
text: The Kona are stunned for a moment until the leader bellows--
speaker_heading: KONA WARRIOR
dialog: After them!
scene_heading: INT. THE HANGED EDWARD - NIGHT - YEAR 2009
text: Veronica sighs a frail sigh as Withers and Hotchkiss surround
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: HOTCHKISS
dialog: Your little joy ride is over.
text: Withers clamps a huge hand on Cavendish’s shoulder.
speaker_heading: WITHERS
dialog: You’re going to be sorry in ways
dialog: you can’t even imagine.
speaker_heading: VERONICA
dialog: Oh bother. I had so hoped to see
dialog: the wild mountain thyme, all across
dialog: the blooming heather...
speaker_heading: ERNIE
dialog: Sorry, love.
text: Grimly, Mr. Meeks stands-- and lets out a biblical bellow.
text: The TV viewers drop their conversations and look. Even
text: Withers stops in his tracks.
dialog: 212.
text: Mr. Meeks climbs onto the bar, and roars an SOS to his
dialog: universal fraternity.
speaker_heading: MR. MEEKS
dialog: Are there nor trrruuue Scortsmen in
dialog: tha hooossse?
text: Ernie, Veronica, and Cavendish’s jaw goes slack.
text: Mr. Meeks points at Withers with a skeletal forefinger.
speaker_heading: MR. MEEKS (CONT’D)
dialog: Those there English gerrrrunts are
dialog: trampling o'er ma God-gi'en
dialog: rrraights! Theeve used me an' ma
dialog: pals morst direly an' we're inneed
dialog: of a wee assistance!
speaker_heading: WITHERS
dialog: Come quiet and face your
dialog: punishments.
text: On hearing Wither’s English accent the room curdles.
text: A ROCKER rises like Poseidon and flexes his knuckles. A CRANE
text: OPERATOR stands beside him. A SHARKY-CHINNED MAN in a
text: thousand-quid suit. An AXWOMAN with the scars to prove it.
text: The TV is switched off.
text: A Highlander growls softly.
speaker_heading: HIGHLANDER
dialog: Aye, laddie. We'll nort let ye
dialog: doone.
text: Withers bristles.
speaker_heading: WITHERS
dialog: These men are car thieves.
speaker_heading: AXWOMAN
dialog: You a copper?
text: She moves in.
speaker_heading: CRANE OPERATOR
dialog: Show us your badge then.
text: He takes a step.
speaker_heading: POSEIDON
dialog: Aw, you're full o' shite, man.
dialog: 213.
text: He leans forward.
text: Hotchkiss has had enough and begins crossing the room when
text: his path is blocked by a pool cue.
speaker_heading: HOTCHKISS
dialog: Now you just look here, you grebo,
dialog: you can go shag your bloody sporran
dialog: if you think—
text: Violence erupts, the pub filling with the sound of knuckle
text: and bone on flesh.
text: One of Hotchkiss’ teeth splashes into Cavendish’s Kilmagoon,
text: fifteen feet away. Cavendish fishes it out for a keepsake.
text: As the pandemonium escalates, the foursome gulp their drinks
text: down then scurry out the back exit.
scene_heading: EXT. CARTPATH - DAY - YEAR 2321
text: A bolt sizzles past Zachry’s head.
text: The chasing Kona fire crossbows from their galloping horses--
text: Meronym hefts her rifle. The air crackles as she fires twice,
text: leaving smoking fist-sized holes in the two slavers.
text: With Catkin holding tight to him, Zachry kicks his horse’s
text: sides as the Kona thunder behind them, in hot pursuit.
text: As their horses clear a ridge we see up ahead the brilliant
text: blue Pololu River, where the road pitches down and meets a
text: decaying bridge of worn planks and rusting steel.
text: They race for it and as they do the sun clears a cloud bank
text: and the colors of the bridge light up as if aflame in orange
dialog: and bronze.
text: The Abbess's final prophecy pulses in Zachry’s brain.
speaker_heading: ABBESS VOICE (V.0O.)
dialog: Bridge a’burnin’, your path lies
dialog: below.
text: He shouts to Meronym.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: We can’t be crossin’ that bridge!
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: What?
dialog: 214.
text: She twists in the saddle.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: We ain’t s’posed to use that
dialog: bridge.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: Over there’s our meetin with the
dialog: Prescient ship! That bridge ain't
dialog: safe?
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: No.
dialog: (he can’t explain)
dialog: Sonmi tell’d me not t’cross it.
text: Meronym’s face crinkles as she stops her horse.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: An'did Sonmi know we got a furyin'
dialog: swarm o'Kona on our tail?
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: We can ford the river down there.
text: He points down a fork in the road where the path meets the
dialog: water.
text: The hoofs drum louder as the Kona close.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT'D)
dialog: I trus’ you. Now you trus’ me.
text: Meronym makes her decision and follows Zachry down the path
text: away from the bridge.
text: The footing is slick and rocky though and it slows their
dialog: flight.
text: As they begin to ford the river, they look back to see the
text: first of the Kona converging on the bridge. The warriors wail
text: as they see them and raise their crossbows.
text: The water of the Pololu, already up to their horses neck, is
text: numbingly cold. Crossbow bolts sizzle angrily around them as
text: more Kona horsemen arrive.
text: Zachry curses himself as the Kona charge onto the bridge.
text: Meronym also curses in her own language as she watches them
text: cross with nothing but a slight moan of timber until--
dialog: 215.
text: Just before they reach the other side, an explosion of
text: tearing, shrieking fibers fills the air, the bridge giving
dialog: way--
text: Collapsing under the weight of the war party.
text: The Kona horsemen fall in an avalanche of rent metal and
text: debris plunging to their deaths twenty meters below.
text: Zachry howls, beating the water, standing up on his horse as
text: he laughs and bays like a bear that has defended its home.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM OF MODERN ART - DAY - YEAR 1973
text: Megan Sixsmith sits on a low bench in the Buenas Yerbas
text: Museum of Modern Art and stares back at a giant portrait of
text: an old lady's ursine face, rendered in interlacing gray and
text: black lines on a canvas otherwise blank.
text: Luisa Rey sits down next to her. She is covered in dirt,
text: grime and blood from the chase.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Megan Sixsmith?
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Luisa Rey?
text: They both nod.
speaker_heading: MEGAN (CONT’D)
dialog: Is Joe with you?
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: That’s him over there, pretending
dialog: to be the art lover. He’s watching
dialog: out for us. I’m afraid his
dialog: paranoia is justified.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Yes... so you’ll understand why I
dialog: have to ask you a question. I need
dialog: to be sure you are who you say you
dialog: are.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Good. Ask away.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: What was my uncle’s favorite
dialog: Hitchcock film?
text: Luisa smiles.
dialog: 216.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: I’1ll assume he told you that we
dialog: talked about this in the elevator.
dialog: Shadow of a Doubt. Though he said
dialog: he recently watched Psycho with
dialog: you.
text: Megan smiles at the memory.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: He called Janet Leigh a
dialog: “bubblehead.”
text: Luisa reaches into her bag and pulls out the stack of letters
dialog: from Frobisher to Sixsmith.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: I know he would want you to have
dialog: these.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: God... his letters.
text: They pass the letters as if they were a child.
speaker_heading: MEGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you...?
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: I did. I’m sorry if that was
dialog: invasive, I was trying to figure
dialog: out what happened and I thought
dialog: they might be important.
text: She holds them like the are a sacred object.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: Important? Sometimes it seemed
dialog: like they were the only thing in
dialog: his life that really mattered to
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. BRUGES - DAY - YEAR 1931
text: It is dawn and Sixsmith stands before the only monument
dialog: Frobisher ever mentioned:
dialog: The tower.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: Don’t come looking for me,
dialog: Sixsmith.
dialog: 217.
text: He pulls the collar of his natty gabardine coat up and heads
text: up the stairs.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: You can’t save me. I know now that
dialog: my entire life has been leading to
dialog: this point.
scene_heading: INT. PAPA SONG’S SLAUGHTERHOUSE - DAWN - YEAR 2144
text: Sonmi watches as the cleaning crew hoses down the viscera
text: covered machines, washing the blood into the grated floor
dialog: drains.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: And I am grateful.
text: Another shift crew begins to arrive. Her eyes look as hard
dialog: as stainless steel.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: I’ve seen enough.
scene_heading: EXT. PAPA SONG’S SLAUGHTERHOUSE - DAWN - YEAR 2144
text: They head down the gang way still wearing their masked
text: coveralls.
text: As they descend another group of Fabricants is being escorted
text: up by the armed security personnel. The Fabricants are
text: smiling and excited.
text: There is one that seems to be trailing slightly behind the
text: others. She is a Yoona model.
text: As they pass one another, Sonmi reaches out and grabs her.
text: The Yoona is startled.
text: Sonmi stares at her from behind her mask.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Don’t go in there.
speaker_heading: YOONA 939
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Come with me.
text: Chang puts his hand on Sonmi.
dialog: 218.
speaker_heading: YOONA 939
dialog: Let me go!
text: She tears free and rushes to catch up with the others.
text: Sonmi watches her go.
scene_heading: EXT. PIER - DAWN - YEAR 2144
text: Hidden behind shipping crates, Sonmi pulls her mask off and
text: begins to sob.
text: Chang puts his arms around her and holds her.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL MEMLING - NIGHT - YEAR 1931
text: Frobisher puts the last spot of ink on the orchestration
dialog: sheet.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
text: It’s done. Finished in a frenzy
dialog: that reminded me of our last night
dialog: in Cambridge. Please take care of
dialog: it. Keep it away from my family.
dialog: Pater’ll sigh, “It’s no Eroica” and
dialog: stuff it in a drawer. The truth is
dialog: it is an incomparable creation.
text: The music swirls and builds to climax in his head.
scene_heading: EXT. BRUGES TOWER - DAWN - YEAR 1931
text: Frobisher watches the sun come up, smoking his final
text: cigarette. He looks like he has been up for days but he is
text: smiling.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: Could never write anything near as
dialog: good. Now, I’m a spent firework,
dialog: but at least I’ve been a firework.
text: The music is cut off as Frobisher hears someone climbing the
text: stairs. It seems too early or too cold to be a tourist.
text: He hides around the corner, watching as a young man in a
text: natty gabardine jacket emerges--
dialog: Sixsmith.
text: Frobisher feels his heart choke his throat.
dialog: 219.
text: Sixsmith looks around the tower, just missing a crouched
text: Frobisher in a dark alcove.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Watched my final sunrise, enjoyed a
dialog: last cigarette. Didn’t think the
dialog: view could be any more perfect
dialog: until I saw that beat up trilby.
dialog: Honestly, Sixsmith, as ridiculous
dialog: as that thing makes you look, I
dialog: don’t believe I’ve ever seen
dialog: anything more beautiful. Thank
dialog: you, my friend for being the one
dialog: person on this earth who will
dialog: actually miss ol’ Robert Frobisher.
dialog: I can’t tell you what that means to
dialog: me.
text: Quietly, Frobisher slips back down the winding stairs,
text: leaving Sixmith alone in the tower.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL MEMLING - DAY - YEAR 1931
text: Frobisher finishes his last letter. Beside him is the Sextet
dialog: manuscript.
text: The music returns.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: Watched you for as long as I dared.
dialog: I don’t believe it was a fluke that
dialog: I saw you first.
text: He signs the letter and puts it in the envelope.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: The world’s a shadow theatre, an
dialog: opera and such things are writ
dialog: large in its libretto. Don’t be
dialog: too cross at my role. You’re a
dialog: brilliant physicist but you
dialog: couldn’t understand, no matter how
dialog: much I explained.
text: He picks up the Luger and goes to the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL MEMLING - BATHROOM - DAY - YEAR 1931
text: He climbs into the tub.
dialog: 220.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.)
dialog: I believe we do not stay dead long.
dialog: As soon as my Luger lets me go, my
dialog: birth, next time around will be on
dialog: me in a heartbeat.
text: He puts the gun in his mouth.
speaker_heading: FROBISHER (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: There is another world waiting for
dialog: us, Sixsmith. A better world and
dialog: I’1l be waiting for you there.
dialog: Find me beneath the Corsican stars
dialog: where we first kissed. Yours
dialog: Eternally, R.F.
text: The gun goes off.
scene_heading: EXT. PRESCIENT SHIP - DUSK - YEAR 2321
text: The sun has set. The stars beginning to blink.
text: Zachry and Catkin sit on the ledge of the Prescient’s
text: hovercraft, legs dangling out over the water.
text: Meronym is talking to DUOPHYSITE, the captain of the ship.
text: In the distance, plumes of smoke rise from the island, black
text: scars of violence.
text: We hear a howling, angry wind that we have heard before.
text: Catkin sees him first; Old Georgie hangs in the silhouette of
text: the trees. She clutches tight to her brother.
speaker_heading: CATKIN
dialog: It’s him, ain’t it?
text: Zachry looks out towards the trees, but Georgie is no longer
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Nay... jus’a wind.
text: Meronym comes and sits with them.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: On’a’count’a what happen’d, my
dialog: Captain say-soed to take you with
dialog: us.
dialog: 221.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Well, now, we ain’t be needin’ no
dialog: charity.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: This ain’t no charity. Your prov’d
dialog: yourself more’n’once. We could use
dialog: your help.
text: He mulls it over, not wanting to look too anxious.
speaker_heading: CATKIN
dialog: I wanna go wit’Meronym!
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: An’jus‘where y’think y’goin? You
dialog: Prescients same boat as us. You
dialog: got no dwellin’place neither.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: Nay, not yet.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: You think someun goin’t’hear your
dialog: message an’come down ou’the sky?
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: Maybe. Maybe one day.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Pffff. One day ain’t but a flea
dialog: o’hope.
speaker_heading: MERONYM
dialog: Yay, but fleas ain’t so easy to
dialog: rid.
text: She smiles and it lightens his heart.
text: She covers his hand with her own and he knows that whereever
dialog: this woman goes, he will follow her.
scene_heading: INT. FLOPHOUSE - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: Chang is curled around Sonmi’s body like protective armor.
text: Unable to sleep, she knows what she is going to do.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: That ship...
text: She turns towards him.
dialog: 222.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (CONT’D)
dialog: That ship must be destroyed. Every
dialog: slaughtership in the world must be
dialog: sunk.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: The shipyards that built them must
dialog: be demolished. The systems that
dialog: facilitated them must be
dialog: dismantled. The laws that permitted
dialog: the systems must be torn down and
dialog: reconstructed.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Every consumer, every politician,
dialog: every Boardman must understand that
dialog: Fabricants are Pureblood, be they
text: grown in a wombtank or a womb.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: If persuasion does not work, we
dialog: must fight to achieve this end
dialog: whatever force is necessary.
speaker_heading: CHANG
dialog: This is what we have been waiting
dialog: for.
scene_heading: INT. MUSEUM OF MODERN ART - DAY - YEAR 1973
text: Close on the Sixsmith report as Megan hands it to Luisa Rey.
speaker_heading: MEGAN
dialog: My Uncle always used me to vet his
dialog: math. I had to know if you were
dialog: someone who was prepared to take
dialog: this as far as it can go.
text: Luisa can’t believe she has it in her hands.
speaker_heading: MEGAN (CONT’D)
dialog: These people need to be held
dialog: accountable.
dialog: 223.
text: Luisa nods.
speaker_heading: MEGAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Make them pay.
text: Luisa locks her jaw like a fighter going into the last round.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: Count on it.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: The Archivist checks the time.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: Our time is almost finished.
dialog: Please tell me about your arrest.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: I was taken to a Union controlled
dialog: satellite link. I broadcast my
dialog: Catechisms to the Twelve States and
dialog: the Four Off-World Colonies.
scene_heading: INT. SATELLITE COMMUNICATION CENTER - NIGHT - YEAR 2144
text: It is the same station that Zachry and Meronym used.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451 (V.O.)
text: Eighteen minutes later, the
text: Enforcers attacked.
text: A ferocious gunfight is watched in silence from Sonmi’s
text: perspective behind the glass of the broadcast booth.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST (V.O.)
dialog: The report said that Commander
text: Chang was killed in the assault.
text: Sonmi watches helplessly as Chang is gunned down.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: The pain of the memory is hidden deep.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: That is correct.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: Would you say that you loved him?
dialog: 224.
text: She smiles and for a moment she is radiant.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Yes, I do.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: Why are you smiling?
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Because very soon all of this is
text: going to end. A door will close
dialog: but another will open and I believe
dialog: that when it does, I will find him
dialog: there, waiting for me.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. EWING’S HOME - DAY
text: The door opens and Ewing is half-carried by Autua into the
text: vestibule.
text: Ewing’s wife TILDA sees him and rushes to him.
text: He collapses into her arms.
text: He cries, holding her, never more grateful for any moment in
dialog: his life.
scene_heading: INT. INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY - YEAR 2144
text: The door opens and two Enforcers enter.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: On behalf of my Ministry and...
dialog: myself, I thank you for this
dialog: interview.
text: She nods as the Enforcers unlock her cuffs.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST (CONT’D)
dialog: If I may ask one last question: You
dialog: had to know, the whole scheme
dialog: engineered by Union, would fail.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Of course. This is exactly what
dialog: General Apis laid out in that room
dialog: to me. This was my destiny.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: What? To be... executed?
dialog: 225.
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: If I had remained invisible, the
dialog: truth would stay hidden. I
dialog: couldn’t allow that.
text: The Enforcers unlock her cuffs and lift her out of the chair.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: And what if no one believes this
dialog: “truth”?
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: That can’t happen.
speaker_heading: ARCHIVIST
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: SONMI-451
dialog: Because someone already does.
text: Sonmi smiles as the Enforcers take her away.
scene_heading: INT. THOMAS MOORE’S OFFICE - EVENING - YEAR 1846
text: Ewing enters using a cane. He looks better but not
text: completely recovered.
text: Haskell Moore, his father-in-law stands.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: Good God, Adam, what are you doing
dialog: here? The doctor said at least
text: three weeks in bed.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: I’m sorry, but this couldn’t wait.
text: Ewing sets his briefcase down.
speaker_heading: EWING (CONT’D)
dialog: I’ve done a lot of thinking about
dialog: my life, sir and I’ve come to
dialog: certain conclusions.
text: He removes the sealed contract from Horrox.
dialog: 226.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: Is that the contract for Reverend
dialog: Horrox?
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: It is indeed.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: I could have sent a boy--
text: Ewing holds the contract to the candle flame.
speaker_heading: MOORE (CONT'D)
dialog: What the devil are you doing?
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: I owe my life to a self-freed
dialog: slave. I cannot in good conscience
dialog: participate in this kind of
dialog: business any longer.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: What?! Are you insane?! You've
dialog: just cost me a fortune! Goddamn
dialog: you! If you weren’t my daughter’s
dialog: husband I would fire you on the
dialog: spot!
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: Not necessary, sir. Here is my
dialog: resignation.
text: He hands him a letter.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: When Tilda learns what you have
dialog: done ---
speaker_heading: EWING
text: She’s outside in the carriage. She
dialog: came to demonstrate her support.
text: Moore throws back the curtain to see his daughter Tilda smile
text: and wave from their carriage. Autua is beside her.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: The poison must have rotted your
dialog: brain!
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: Perhaps. If it has, I recommend it.
dialog: I’ve not felt this good in years.
dialog: 227.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: And just what in blazes do you
dialog: think are you going to do?
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: Spend my life shaping a world that
dialog: I want my son to inherit, not one
dialog: that I fear he shall inhabit.
speaker_heading: MOORE
dialog: Listen to me, Adam. Listen for the
dialog: sake of my daughter and grandson,
dialog: if not your own. There is a
dialog: natural order to this world and
dialog: those who try to upend it do not
dialog: fare well. If you go to Georgia
dialog: and try to tell upstanding people
dialog: that they are merely white-washed
dialog: niggers and that niggers are black-
dialog: washed whites, you and your entire
dialog: family will be spat on. You will be
dialog: beaten. Shot at. Lynched or
dialog: crucified. And for what, Adam?
dialog: For what? No matter what you do,
dialog: it will never amount to anything
dialog: more than a single drop ina
dialog: limitless ocean!
text: Ewing stands at the door.
speaker_heading: EWING
dialog: Yet what is any ocean but a
dialog: multitude of drops?
text: He shuts the door behind him.
scene_heading: INT. LUISA’S APARTMENT - DAY - 1974
text: Luisa reads the paper with the huge headline: “LLOYD HOOKS
text: ARRESTED, PRESIDENT FORD VOWS TO ‘ROOT OUT CROOKS WHO BRING
scene_heading: IGNOMINY TO CORPORATE AMERICA.’”
text: Across from her on the couch, reading the same story in
dialog: another paper is Javier.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: One for the good guys.
text: Luisa smiles and offers her cup to cheers.
speaker_heading: LUISA REY
dialog: I’1l drink to that.
dialog: 228.
text: They cheers and then she lifts her cup towards her father’s
text: picture standing proudly.
scene_heading: INT. CAVENDISH’S STUDY - NIGHT - YEAR 2009
text: Close as his empty glass of wine is filled. Cavendish
text: finishes his memoirs.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.)
dialog: In vino veritas. Middle age is
dialog: flown, but it is attitude, not
dialog: years, that condemns one to the
dialog: ranks of the Undead, or else prof-
dialog: fers salvation.
text: A woman comes around to the back of his chair and massages
text: his shoulders.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.) (CONT'D)
text: Outside, fat snowflakes are falling
text: on slate roofs and granite walls.
dialog: Like Solzhenitsyn laboring in
dialog: Vermont, I shall beaver away in
dialog: exile, far from the city that knit-
dialog: ted my bones.
text: Cavendish finishes and takes her hand leading her around to
text: sit with him. It is Ursula.
speaker_heading: CAVENDISH (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Unlike Solzhenitsyn, I shan't be
dialog: alone.
text: He pours her a glass and they smile and drink.
scene_heading: EXT. THE VILLAGE - DAWN - 2346
text: The fire has burned out.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Firey’s dyin’. Jus’as well. My
dialog: yarnin’s done.
text: ADAM, a young boy who could be a young Zachry with dark skin,
dialog: sighs.
speaker_heading: ADAM
dialog: ‘Bout time! Can we go home now?
text: Around the fire are a dozen young faces, children and grand-
text: children of obviously mixed races.
dialog: 229.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Oh yay! Go! Ge’on then y’damn
dialog: sluggabuggahs! Try to tell you
dialog: what’s what-- Ge’on!
text: The kids tumble and dash away, heading towards a distant
text: house glowing warmly.
text: Beyond the home, there are the twinkling spires of a future-
dialog: city.
text: Zachry remains behind. He looks up. Two moons, one nearly
text: full, the other almost new gleam with pale purple light.
text: MIRO, a young girl who looks like what Meronym must have
text: looked like as a child, lingers with him.
speaker_heading: MIRO
dialog: You like it out here, don’t you
dialog: Grampy?
text: He shrugs.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Supposin’ it ‘minders me’a my
dialog: Valley.
text: She stares with him at the star field beyond.
speaker_heading: MIRO
dialog: Which is the earth?
text: He points to a bright star.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
text: That un there. The blue shimmerer.
text: As they gaze upwards, we see the back of Zachry’s head which
text: was covered by his hair when he was younger; there near the
text: top of his spine is a comet-shaped birthmark.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY (CONT'D)
dialog: Come on. Gettin’ cold.
text: She helps him up.
speaker_heading: MIRO
dialog: Are you gonna tell us ‘bout the
dialog: woahsome ship and the big sleep and
dialog: all the nex’nexs.
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Nay... your Grammy tells the
dialog: nex’nexs better’n’me.
dialog: 230.
text: He takes her hand and they head away from us, towards their
dialog: home.
speaker_heading: MIRO
dialog: Do you still love Grammy?
speaker_heading: ZACHRY
dialog: Your Grammy was the bes’thing that
dialog: ever happ’n’d to me.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
dialog: 
