scene_heading: PROD. #02119
scene_heading: COAL MINER'S DAUGHTER
dialog: Screenplay by
speaker_heading: THOMAS RICKMAN
dialog: Based on the Book
dialog: “Loretta Lyin: Coal Miner's Daughter”
speaker_heading: By LORETTA LYNN
dialog: with
speaker_heading: GEORGE VECSEY
speaker_heading: — PLEASE NOTE —
text: THIS MATERIAL IS THE PROPERTY OF UNIVERSAL
scene_heading: STUDIOS, AND 1S INTENDED SOLELY FOR USE BY
scene_heading: STUDIO PERSONNEL. DISTRIBUTION TO UNAUTHOR-
text: IZED PERSONS !S$ PROHIBITED.
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: cn
speaker_heading: #02119
scene_heading: COAL MINER'S DAUGHTER
speaker_heading: PADE IN
scene_heading: EXT. BUTCHER HOLLER, KY. - DAY (TITLES. BEGIN) 1
text: Down a mountain trail Loretta Webb, 13, rides a mule, which
text: is pulling a little wooden sled. On the sled is her brother
text: Herman, 10, with a glob of white salve on his forehead.
scene_heading: INT. VAN LEAR COAL MINE - DAY 2
text: Pitch black except for the miners' headlamps. Ted Webb, 40,
text: drills a hand auger into the coal face. Powder is tapped in
text: -- "Fire in the hole!" -- and explosion. Miners crawl back
text: through the dust and shovel coal into a mule cart. A fore-
dialog: man shouts "Payday today, let's go!"" The miners shovel faster,
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGE ABOVE VAN LEAR MINE - DAY 3
text: Loretta and Herman move down the ridge toward the mine.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUTH OF THE MINE - DAY 3-A
text: A dozen miners come out of the mine, including Ted. His
text: trousers are torn at the knees, which bleed slightly.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD LEADING FROM MINE - DAY
text: Loretta and Herman are waiting for Ted as he comes down the
dialog: road.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Hi, Daddy -- boy, look at your
dialog: knees, Daddy. Why ain't you a-
dialog: wearin’ your kneepads?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Aw, Loretty, that ol' shaft is so
dialog: low, if you wear your kneepads, you
dialog: skin your back. Don't wear ‘em,
dialog: you skin your knees,
dialog: (grins)
dialog: Wear ‘em tomorrow, I reckon. Give
dialog: my back a turn.
text: They continue on down the road.
dialog: cs
speaker_heading: #02119 2
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD THROUGH VAN LEAR COAL CAMP - DAY 4-A
text: A muddy red jeep flies over the ruts toward the company store,
text: driven by a young soldier with a plump, sexy girl beside him.
text: The jeep careens into the storefront drive causing several
text: miners to leap out of the way, laughing and cussing.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD FROM MINE APPROACHING STORE - DAY 4-B
text: Ted looks at the salve on Herman's forehead. The little boys’
text: jaws are clenched tightly shut.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: What you so sulled up about, Herman?
dialog: What's that stuff on your head?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
text: Herman's scared to open his mouth.
dialog: We was playin' up by Prod Bottom
dialog: and a ol' green snake bit him right
dialog: on the head. Daddv, ain't it true
dialog: that if a green snake bites you, you
dialog: laugh yourself to death?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: That's what I always heard.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: That thing bit Herman two hours ago.
text: He's been clampin' his jaws shut
dialog: ever since so he won't start laughin'.
text: Ted looks at Herman and smiles to himself. Loretta sidles up
dialog: to Herman and says quietly:
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Be careful, Herman. One little
dialog: smile's liable to start it. And
dialog: you'd just never stop.
text: Herman glowers furiously at her. They are approaching ---
scene_heading: EXT. COMPANY STORE - DAY 5
text: The young soldier ~- Doolittle Lynn, 19 -- holds forth cockily
text: from the jeep as the girl, Lizzie, looks on. The others listen
text: as a jar of moonshine makes the rounds.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ps
dialog: 5
speaker_heading: #02119 3
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Boys, there ain't no place this
dialog: thing can't take me -- no gully she
dialog: can't jump, no creek she can't ford,
dialog: no hill she can't climb.
speaker_heading: FIRST MINER
dialog: By God, I know one thing you can't
dialog: climb -- that heap of red-dog past
text: the mine up yonder.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Hell, buddy, I can climb that damn
dialog: mess backwards.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (going up steps
dialog: with the kids)
dialog: You boys watch your language with
dialog: these children here.
text: Doolittle salutes apologetically; Lizzie giggles. Ted glowers
text: and continues on to the pay window which is part of the store.
text: He gets in line. Loretta hangs back, listening.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Who wants to bet me I can't climb
dialog: that red-dog?
speaker_heading: SECOND MINER
dialog: Backwards, you say?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Hell, yeah, backwards!
dialog: (to Loretta)
dialog: ‘Scuse me, little girl. Backwards,
dialog: right up to the top -- I got fifty
dialog: dollars says I can do it! Who'll
dialog: bet me?
text: The others boisterously get up the money. Doolittle grins and
text: winks at Loretta. Flustered, she runs to Ted who is at the
dialog: pay window getting paid in scrip.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Come on now. Let's get in the store
dialog: and give the company their money
dialog: back.
text: Frowning in Doolittle's direction, Ted goes into the store.
text: Loretta watches interestedly as Doo loudly covers all bets
text: (ad lib). Then she goes in the store.
speaker_heading: #02119 4
scene_heading: INT. COMPANY STORE - DAY
text: Loretta watches the action outside through the front window.
text: Ted is at the counter with the Storekeeper.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Who's that soldier boy out yonder
dialog: struttin' like a banty rooster?
speaker_heading: STOREKEEPER
dialog: That's ol' man Red Lynn's boy,
dialog: Doolittle. Come back from the army
dialog: just as wild as a hearthern. That
dialog: Germany war's just ruint these
dialog: mountains -- boys come back here
dialog: don't want to do nothin' but cut
text: shines and act wild.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: He'll calm down some when they slap
text: a coal shovel in his hand. That
dialog: Sears~Roebuck I ordered come in yet?
text: Storekeeper nods and moves off to the rear. Loretta watches
text: as out front Doolittle's jeep races off toward the mine, the
text: others scrambling after on foot, her eyes glowing with subdued
text: excitement. Ted notes this.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Loretty -- get you a can of vy-annies
dialog: for you and Herman.
text: Her face lights up; she instantly forgets Doo and the jeep and
text: gets a can of Vienna sausage from the shelf. The Storekeeper
text: returns with a large brown mail-order package.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (eagerly)
dialog: What's that, Daddy?
text: Ted grins and says nothing.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PILE OF RED-DOG - DAY
text: At the foot of the smoldering heap of waste Doo revs his jeep
text: as Lizzie and the others watch. A few of them are buying jars
text: of moonshine from a man in a clump of trees nearby -- Lee
text: Rainey, with a mule loaded down with bags of shine. Seeing
text: Ted, Loretta, and Herman approaching -- the mule-sled loaded
text: with groceries and the large package -- he waves and shouts:
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Hey, Cousin Ted! Come here and get
dialog: in on this bet -- it’s a sure thing.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ps
speaker_heading: #02119 5
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 7
speaker_heading: LEE (Cont'd)
dialog: O1' Doolittle never get up there
dialog: without rollin' over and killin'
dialog: hisself!
text: Ted comes up, nods. Lee grins at Loretta. She grins back but
text: is more interested in Doo and the jeep.
text: Doo roars backwards up the red-dog pile, gets a little way,
text: slips, slides, spins wildly -- showering burning ash on the
text: spectators who scatter laughing. Then, just as he's about to
text: tip over, the tires catch and the jeep seems to spurt to the
text: top of the mound. The crowd cheers as Doo poses triumphantly.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: (whooping)
dialog: Lord-a-mercy -- that sumbuck
dialog: Doolittle don't know what quit
dialog: means, does he?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: He sure went to a lot of trouble
text: to get on top of a heap of trash.
text: But Loretta is watching with bright, excited eyes....
scene_heading: EXT. WEBB CABIN - BUTCHER HOLLER - DAY 8
text: As Ted and the kids climb toward the cabin more kids burst
text: from the house and run toward them -- Junior, 16; Jack, 12;
text: Peggy Sue, 6; Donald Ray, 9. At the door is Clara, 35, holding
text: Betty Ruth, 11 months. The kids converge on the package as
text: Loretta races to a wooden well and begins drawing a bucket of
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You young'uns take that stuff in-
dialog: side -~ and don't open that package
dialog: til I get there.
text: They rush inside with supplies. Loretta empties the water
text: into a battered wash pan and Ted washes the coal dust off his
text: face and hands. Loretta waits with a towel.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - LIVING ROOM - DAY 9
text: The kids look on eagerly as Ted opens the package. Clara --
text: "Mommie" -- looks on from the kitchen door, holding the baby.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: Pps
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: #02119 6
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 9
text: The package is opened -- new shoes. Kids gasp happily and
dialog: clamour for them.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: Y'all kids hush -- you ain't a-
dialog: touchin' them new shoes ‘till you
dialog: washed them dirty feet.
text: The kids all slam out of the house toward the well. Ted stops
dialog: Loretta.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Wait a minute, Loretty -- try this
dialog: on first.
text: He takes a blue dress with little flowers out of the package.
text: Loretta gasps happily -- races into the bedroom to try it on.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: Them others gonna be wantin' to
dialog: know why she's a-gettin' treated so
dialog: special.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Loretty's thirteen, Clary. She orta
dialog: have her one dress that ain't made
text: out of no flour sack.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - DAY - LORETTA 10
text: She undresses to her homemade underclothes. On the walls of
text: this room she shares with her parents, are plastered newspaper
text: and magazine pages -- with sepia photos of Loretta Young,
text: Gregory Peck, Clark Gable, Scarlett O'Hara, visible. The other
text: kids are heard pounding back inside as she pulls on the new
text: dress, thrilled and excited.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - THE KIDS 11
text: putting on their new shoes, walking around looking at their
text: feet, etc. Loretta enters in her new dress -- a size too big.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Well, looky here. Right pretty,
dialog: ain't it, Mommie?
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: I reckon she'll grow into it fast
dialog: enough.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: jm
dialog: il
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: #02119 7
speaker_heading: CONTINUED ll
speaker_heading: JACK
dialog: How come she's a-gettin' a new
dialog: dress?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Loretty's a woman, Jack. Women got
dialog: to have pretty things to wear.
speaker_heading: HERMAN
dialog: Aw, she ain't no woman. She just a
dialog: dad-burn kid.
text: Herman laughs -- the other kids join in.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: You're a-laughin', Herman. Reckon
dialog: that's true about the green snake
dialog: after all.
text: Horrified, Herman remembers his snakebite. Loretta laughs
text: and runs into the bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - LORETTA 12
text: looks at herself in a tarnished mirror, primping in her too-
text: large dress, pulling the loose material as tightly across her
text: fledgling bosom as she can.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 13
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGE OVERLOOKING BUTCHER HOLLER - SUNSET 14
text: Lee Rainey is working his moonshine still. Hearing a noise in
text: the bushes, he snatches up a rifle.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (from bushes)
dialog: Lee Rainey! It's Doolittle Lynn.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Come on in here, Doo. I'se just
dialog: about to blast you one.
dialog: (gets a jar)
dialog: Here, take you a sip. Rest your-
dialog: self. ‘Member when you used to
dialog: work for me, Doo? Sellin'’ my goods
dialog: down't the mines?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I ‘member you used to pay me a
dialog: nickle ever jug I sold.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: jm
dialog: 14
speaker_heading: #02119
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 14
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: How'd you like to come back and
dialog: work for me again?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Not for no nickel a jug.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: I'm talkin' about real money, Doo.
dialog: Business is good, see. I'm sellin’
dialog: more whiskey than I can make.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Yeah, I heard you been stealin'
dialog: whiskey from them boys over in
dialog: Greasy Creek.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Aw, just when I run shy of my own.
text: They become aware of singing in the distance -- a
text: girl's voice, young, clear, singing a mournful ballad: "In
text: the Pines." Both men freeze and listen.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: That's my little cousin, Loretty
text: Webb. She sits down there on her
dialog: daddy's porch, a-singin' her little
dialog: sister to sleep. I be up here
dialog: workin' and hear her and I think,
dialog: Lord, let me die if angels sing that
dialog: sweet... :
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'm fixin' to make me another run
dialog: on Greasy Creek. You got that jeep,
dialog: you know how to use a gun, and you
dialog: need you a job. I'11 go fifty-
dialog: fifty with you.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Sounds like a good way to get killed
dialog: to me.
speaker_heading: LEE
dialog: Doo, o1l' Uncle Nat Ramey used to say,
dialog: if you born in the mountains, you
dialog: got three choices: coal mine, moon-
dialog: shine, or move it on down the line.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (gets up)
dialog: I ain't sayin' no. But I gotta
dialog: study on it first.
text: He gives back the jar and goes into the woods.
dialog: jm
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: #02119 9
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGESIDE - SUNSET is
text: Doo looks down into the holler at Loretta in the porch swing
text: with the baby, singing. He stands listening, thoughtfully,
dialog: to the sad ballad....
scene_heading: INT. WEBB KITCHEN - EARLY MORNING 16
text: Loretta tunes an old battery-powered Philco radio: Ernest
text: Tubb's "“Walkin' the Floor Over You." At the table Clara
text: upturns her coffee cup into the saucer and "reads" the grounds
text: as Loretta watches. The baby cries in a homemade cradle. Ted
text: comes in holding his head in pain; a bloody handkerchief to
text: his nose.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Don't run the batteries down on
dialog: that radio, Loretty -- can't afford
dialog: no new ones.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: You got one of your bad headaches,
dialog: Daddy?
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: I'll mix you up some medicine ---
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: It don't do no good, nothin' does.
dialog: Just this family weakness, have to
dialog: suffer it.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: Take the baby out and rock her,
dialog: Loretty.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (getting baby)
dialog: What do you see in the grounds,
dialog: Mommie?
speaker_heading: CLARA
text: Woman cryin'. A man cryin', too.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Who are they? What are they cryin'
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Clary, I swear it's bad enough you
dialog: bein’ an ol' squaw medicine woman
dialog: without makin' Loretty one, too.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: kt
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
dialog: 18-A
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
speaker_heading: #02119 10
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 16
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: She's Indian much as me. We can
dialog: see things other folks can't. Take
text: the baby on out, Loretty.
dialog: {looks back
dialog: at grounds)
dialog: Some bad times comin'....
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Don't need no fortune teller to
dialog: know that.
scene_heading: EXT. CABIN - FRONT PORCH - EARLY MORNING 17
text: Loretta in the porch swing, sings to the baby: "I come to
text: the garden alone, etc." Her clear voice soars up the
text: ridge in the still morning air....
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGESIDE - EARLY MORNING 18
text: Lee Rainey on the run, pulling a mule loaded with stolen
text: whiskey. His pistol in his hand, he looks behind him
text: desperately. Then, hearing Loretta's voice, he stops,
text: smiles. A twig snapping spins him around in terror ---
scene_heading: POINT OF VIEW - LEE RAINEY - EARLY MORNING 18-A
text: The sun shining down through the trees...shadowy figures
text: among them...one of them raises a rifle....
scene_heading: EXT. CABIN - PORCH - EARLY MORNING 19
text: Loretta, singing, hears a shot ~- then a volley of shots. On
text: the ridge a flock of crows caw raucously. Loretta peers up
text: the ridgeside. Silence. Emptiness. She stands on the porch,
text: clutching the baby, looking up, curious and frightened.
scene_heading: EXT. CABIN YARD - DAY - LEE RAINEY'S DEAD FACE 20
text: The face is caked with blood and dirt, the body riddled with
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: kt
dialog: 20
dialog: 20-A
dialog: 21
dialog: #02119 il
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 20
text: bulletholes. An old woman wails piteously nearby, pacing up
text: and down. The body is carried into the yard by several men,
text: including Doolittle. They lay the body on the-grass as Ted,
text: Red Lynn, relatives and neighbors look on.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: He wanted me to go with him. I
dialog: should've gone, I might could of
dialog: helped him....
text: Others say nothing; stare at the body.
scene_heading: EXT. THE PORCH ~ DAY ~ LORETTA AND CLARA 20-A
text: Loretta cowering in Clara's arms, staring at the body. Her
text: eyes meet Doolittle's briefly; then Clara leads her inside.
scene_heading: EXT. YARD ~ DAY - AROUND THE BODY 21
text: Doolittle looks up and sees Loretta; their eyes meet briefly.
text: Then Clara leads her back inside.
speaker_heading: RED LYNN
dialog: Maybe we orta get our guns and go
dialog: visit Greasy Creek.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (shakes his
dialog: head)
dialog: It wasn't nothin' but Lee's
dialog: craziness caused this. Hadn't
dialog: a'been this, it'd been another
dialog: thing.
speaker_heading: RED LYNN
dialog: (to Doolittle)
dialog: Good thing you wasn't still
dialog: a-workin' for him, son. ‘You'd
dialog: be layin' there aside him.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: ‘Course if you'd been workin' for
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: kt
dialog: 21
dialog: 21-A
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
speaker_heading: #02119 12
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 21
speaker_heading: RED LYNN (Cont'd)
dialog: Lee at least you'd a-been workin'
dialog: somewheres.” af
text: Red cackles; the others frown. Doo looks thoughtfully at
dialog: the corpse. ‘ - .
scene_heading: INT. COAL MINE 21-A
text: Explosion: Smoke clears. A miner crawls through it: It is
text: Doolittle. He begins shovelling coal into the mule cart. He
text: looks trapped and frustrated.
scene_heading: EXT. ONE-ROOM SCHOOLHOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON 22
text: Wintertime; a light coat of snow on the little school. Inside
text: it's brightly decorated for Christmas. A fiddle and banjo and
text: guitar play "Cumberland Gap." Several horses are tied outside.
text: Doo drives up in his jeep, parks, goes in.
scene_heading: INT. SCHOOLHOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON 23
text: A cakewalk in progress (like musical chairs), with Loretta
text: playing. Doo enters and spots her right away; she is very
text: pretty in her new dress -- which now fits nicely. Doo
text: decides he's going to meet her. He ambles near a table with
text: several pies on it, with name cards. One is Loretta's.
text: Nearby, a Churchwoman is talking distraughtly to the Teacher,
text: a sour-faced chain-smoking man.
speaker_heading: CHURCHWOMAN
dialog: Preacher Banks was supposed to
dialog: auction off these pies for the
dialog: girls, but he's sick and I can't
dialog: do it ---
speaker_heading: TEACHER
dialog: Well, I sure ain't got time to
dialog: auction no pies! Besides, if
dialog: them girls wants a boy to eat a
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: kt #02119 13
speaker_heading: 23 CONTINUED 23
speaker_heading: TEACHER (Cont'd)
dialog: pie with ‘em, they'll do it auction
dialog: or not!
text: He stalks off. Churchwoman looks desperate.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Hey, lady? I'11 auction off your
dialog: pies for you.
speaker_heading: CHURCHYVIOMAN
dialog: (great relief)
dialog: You will? The Lord'll bless you
dialog: for this, son.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (glancing at
dialog: Loretta)
dialog: Maybe he will. Never can tell.
scene_heading: 24 ANGLE ~ THE AUCTION - LATER ~ DOOLITTLE 24
text: At the pie table.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Six bits, six bits, who'll gimme
dialog: a dollar -- dollar once, dollar
dialog: twice -- sold to the man for a
dialog: dollar.
text: He's enjoying being center of attention. A boy collects a
text: pie and a girl, and Doo picks up Loretta's pie. She watches
text: nearby, blushing.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Got one more left, a chocolate pie
dialog: here, belong to Loretta Webb --
dialog: who's gonna bid first?
text: A large boy named Flop Murphy. looks bashfully at Loretta and -~-
speaker_heading: FLOP
dialog: I bid two bits.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Two bits? Man, that's a insult.
dialog: Who'll start it off for a dollar?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: pl
dialog: 24
speaker_heading: #02119 14
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 24
speaker_heading: FLOP
dialog: (waits; no
dialog: one bids)
dialog: I guess I get it then.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I bid a dollar.
speaker_heading: FLOP
dialog: You the auctioneer -- you ain't
dialog: supposed to bid.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Dollar once, dollar twice ---
speaker_heading: FLOP
dialog: (hastily)
dialog: Hey -- dollar'n a dime!
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
text: Three dcllars.
speaker_heading: FLOP
dialog: That ain't fair -- he's cheatin'!
dialog: As Doo says "once, twice,"
speaker_heading: FLOP °
dialog: Three and a dime!
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
text: Three seventy-five.
speaker_heading: FLOP
dialog: (in agony)
dialog: Three seventy...seven.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Five dollars.
text: Flop flops heavily into a chair, stunned.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Once, twice, sold to Mr. Doolittle
dialog: Lynn for five dollars.
text: Crowd applauds; Doo claims the pie and Loretta -- slightly
text: dazed, blushing furiously -- and gces to a corner where he
text: cuts a piece with a pocket knife.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (rattling
dialog: nervously)
dialog: Ain't nobody ever paid five dollars
dialog: for a pie before, I bet. Mommie said,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: pl
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
speaker_heading: #02119 15
scene_heading: CONTINUED - 2 24
speaker_heading: LORETTA (Cont'd)
dialog: girl, ain't nobody gonna buy a pie
dialog: off you cause everybody knows you
dialog: can't cook no better 'n a day-old
dialog: heifer. Wait'll I tell her, she
dialog: just gonna die! Five dollars!
text: She watches expectantly as Doo takes a large mouthful. As. he
text: chews, his eyes bug out, he chokes, he gets to his feet and
text: looks around desperately. Loretta watches in alarm as he
text: frantically throws open a window, thrusts his head out and
text: spews out the pie. He then grabs a pitcher of lemonade and
text: washes his mouth out.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You made a lotta chocolate pies
dialog: before?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Not too many...'cept for that one.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: How much salt does your recipt call
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Shoot, you don't use no salt in a
dialog: chocolate pie -- just sugar, and
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Oh, no....
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Guess you got ‘em mixed up. Under-
dialog: standable, they both bein' white and
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (moaning)
dialog: Oh, no...! You gotta get your five
dialog: dollars back.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I don’t want no five dollars back.
dialog: I just want you.
dialog: (she looks
dialog: alarmed)
dialog: I mean, I want to take you home.
scene_heading: EXT. SCHOOLHOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON 25
text: Doo leads Loretta to his jeep.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: pl
dialog: 25
dialog: 25-A
speaker_heading: #02119 16
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 25
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: No use walkin' when you can ride.
dialog: Get in.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (looks at
dialog: jeep nervously)
dialog: I ain't gettin’ in that thing.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You ain't never even rode in a car
dialog: before, have you? I be damn.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: That thing ain't no car anyway --
dialog: looks like somethin' come from Mars.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: What do you know about Mars? Bet
dialog: you ain't never been past the foot
dialog: of the holler. Come on, get in ---
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I said I ain't gettin' in that thing
dialog: and I ain't! You just walk it home
dialog: if vou think so much of it!
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (slightly
dialog: taken back)
dialog: Whoo. You pies ain't the only
dialog: thing salty about you, is they?
dialog: Let's walk then.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIL ABOVE VAN LEAR MINE - NIGHT 25-A
text: They walk, Doo holding a pine-torch. Below them the mine is
text: brightly lit as the night shift works.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I had my eye on you a long time.
dialog: I told myself, sooner or later me
dialog: and that little gal's gonna get
dialog: together. .
text: Loretta, thrilled, gropes desperately for a response, but
text: nothing comes out. Doo goes on.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You're different from the rest of
dialog: ‘em around here. Special. Like me.
dialog: The kind of person that's gotta have
text: more out of life.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: om”
dialog: ps
dialog: 25-A
dialog: 26
speaker_heading: #02119
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 17
dialog: 25-A
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: .--More what...?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: More'n what Butcher Holler's got to
dialog: offer.
dialog: (indicates mine)
dialog: More'n this.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (trying to flirt)
dialog: I saw you, too. In that little ol'
dialog: soldier suit. I thought, he looks
text: just like a little toy soldier.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (angry)
dialog: Listen here -- I joined the army to
dialog: feed my Mamma and nine brothers and
dialog: sisters. I went ashore at D~Day
dialog: plus four and I'se in combat til the
dialog: day the war ended. I wasn’t no
dialog: little toy soldier, lady.
text: Frightened by this outburst, Loretta draws back. Doo glowers
text: at her a moment, then grins. They walk on.
scene_heading: EXTERIOR - APPROACHING WEBB CABIN - NIGHT 26
dialog: They walk
text: slowly toward the lights of the cabin.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: The army showed me it's a whole big
dialog: world out yonder -- and I ain't
dialog: about to spend my life buried in no
dialog: damn coal mine. Ain't a damn bit
dialog: of future in it. That's what I'm
dialog: interested in -- the future. What's
dialog: your plans for the future?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Ain't got none that I know of.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You sure cuss a lot, don't you?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
text: Yeah. Cuss, drink, and chase after
dialog: wild women.
text: Suddenly he pulls her toward him; she's alarmed.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ps
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
speaker_heading: #02119 18
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 26
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: What're you doin' --
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Fixin' to kiss you goodnight. You
dialog: ever been kissed before?
text: She hasn't; quickly decides she likes it. They do it again.
text: They break, Doo grins, hands her the torch, she awkwardly runs
dialog: for the cabin.
speaker_heading: . DOOLITTLE
dialog: I'll bring my jeep up here and take
dialog: you for a ride.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (breathless)
dialog: You'll never get that thing up the
text: holler.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: There ain't nothin' I can't do, once
dialog: I put my mind to it.
text: She smiles uncertainly, rushes into the cabin. Pleased with
text: himself, Doo turns jauntily and smacks into a fence post,
text: careens downhill through bush and stones, splashes into a small,
text: rushy creek where he lies moaning but happy.
scene_heading: EXT. WEBB CABIN - DAY 27
text: Clara, making lye soap; Loretta dreamily adding wood to the
text: fire beneath the rendering kettle. Ted is plowing with the
text: mule in the garden, A shout from down the holler’.(from
text: Junior): “Stranger comin' up!" followed by a shout from
text: Herman a little closer; “Stranger comin'!" Everybody stops
text: working and looks toward the trail: A faint sound, an engine
text: straining uphill...Loretta recognized it's Doo's jeep, her
text: face lights up...The rest of the family looks puzzled, a little
text: frightened, as the sound gets louder and closer...Suddenly
text: Herman and Junior burst through the foliage into the yard yel-
text: ling and pointing behind them where ---
text: Doolittle's jeep seems to leap out of the foliage and into the
text: yard. He stops proudly, his face bruised and cut from last
dialog: night's accident.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Told you I could make it up here.
dialog: Now you're gonna take a ride with me!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: #02119 19 -
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 27
text: Loretta excitedly clambers in -- and Doo roars off instantly,
text: before Ted and Clara can make a move or speak. Ted is furious.
scene_heading: SEVERAL ANGLES - THE JEEP - DAY ~ 28
text: Loretta hangs on, frightened and excited, as Doo speeds down
text: the bumpy mountain trail. She looks at his battered face.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: What happened -- was you in a fight?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Yeah -- me and this fence post got
dialog: into it.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: What?
text: Doo just laughs. They speed up a steep mountain road, passing
text: slow-moving coal trucks; through the drab streets of Van Lear
text: now decorated for Christmas, with people staring. Loretta
text: gets more and more excited and breathless until:
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF A CLIFF - DAY - THE JEEP 29
text: screeches to a halt. Loretta looks down at the drop, excited,
text: dizzy. Doo grabs her and kisses her.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
text: I can't breathe...I feel like I'm
dialog: a-gonna faint....
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: That's how you're supposed to feel
dialog: when you're in love.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: It is...?
text: They kiss again; she throws her arms around his passionately.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT - TED 30
text: sits grimly, a willow switch in his hand, watching the door.
text: Clara and the other children are all there, waiting...Loretta
text: comes in. Stops guiltily, seeing them:
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: #02119 20
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 30
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Where you been, Loretty...?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Doolittle...took me ridin'....
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You just run off. Didn't ask or
dialog: nothin'....
text: He begins switching her around the legs; she whimpers and
text: tries to hop out of the way; the other children scatter. Ted
text: has tears in his eyes, hating what he's doing. Finished, he
text: breaks the switch and goes into his bedroom. Loretta is drawn
text: up in a corner, rubbing her legs, sobbing.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: (to other
dialog: children)
dialog: Y'all get to bed -- right now.
text: They quickly vanish. Clara examines the welts on Loretta's
dialog: legs.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: (continuing}
dialog: Don't you know he'd rather cut his
dialog: arm off than to whip you? What did
dialog: you mean, runnin' off like that with
dialog: that wild boy?
speaker_heading: LORETTE
dialog: (sobbing)
dialog: I love him, Mommie.
speaker_heading: CLARA . -
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: You don't do no such thing. I'11
dialog: mix you some salve for your legs.
dialog: {starts for
dialog: kitchen)
dialog: You stay away from Doolittle, Lynn
dialog: -- or I'll give you worse what your
dialog: Daddy did.
text: Clara exits. Loretta sniffles miserably, but a faint look of
text: defiance is in her eyes.
scene_heading: INT. CABIN - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT - CHRISTMAS EVE 31
text: The family sits listening as Clara reads the Nativity story
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
speaker_heading: #02119 21
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 31
text: from the Bible (Luke 2ff). Loretta hears Doo's jeep pull up
text: outside; then his footsteps on the porch and knock on the
text: door. She watches Ted nervously as he answers.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Evenin' Mr. Webb. Loretty here?
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: We're havin' our family Christmas,
dialog: Doolittle.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Yessir. I just brought this
dialog: present for Loretta, and if she'll
dialog: step out here. I'll just give it
dialog: to her and go.
text: Ted hesitates, then nods. Loretta runs eagerly onto the
text: porch as Clara resumes reading.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT PORCH - NIGHT 32
text: They kiss. Doo gives her a package -- she opens it -~ it
text: contains a large doll baby.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: What are you givin’ me this for?
dialog: You think I'm just a little kid or
dialog: somethin'?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: That's just for now. '
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I mean by next Christmas, me and
dialog: you'll have us a real little doll.
text: She looks confused.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Me and you is gonna be married
dialog: pretty soon.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 34
speaker_heading: #02119 22
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 32
text: He kisses her, grins, jumps off the porch and runs back to his
text: jeep. Loretta stands incredulous, holding the doll...Inside
text: Clara continues reading the Bible.
scene_heading: EXT. MOUNTAINSIDE BEHIND CABIN - DAY - TED 33
text: leads the male and sled; Loretta follows with a carbide lamp.
scene_heading: INT. COAL BANK . 34
text: A vein of coal in the mountainside which families have
text: tunnelled into over the years for their private coal. Loretta
text: holds the lamp while Ted chops the coal. Everything is black
text: except their two faces, close together.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: Loretty, you know I don't like to
dialog: boss you, don't you? But I got
dialog: to, now.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Daddy ---
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Just lemme talk. I don't want you
dialog: to see Doolittle no more. You
dialog: promise me that.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I can't, Daddy.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (chopping at
dialog: the coal)
dialog: You're just a little girl. He's
text: a growed-up man -- a wild one.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I love him, Daddy -- he's a-wantin'
dialog: me to marry him.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: You ain't even fourteen yet. Y'all
dialog: ain't even knowed each other a
dialog: month ---
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I know, but I just love him.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
speaker_heading: #02119 23
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 34
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Lord, Lord, don't do this, Loretty
dialog: -- don't throw all your young years
dialog: away. I worked hard all my life,
dialog: got very little to show for it except
dialog: you. You're my pride, girl, my
dialog: shinin' pride ---
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (tearfully)
dialog: I just can't help it, Daddy ---
text: Ted can't speak; chops at coal face, jaws clenched shut.
scene_heading: INT. WEBB CABIN - NIGHT - THE WHOLE FAMILY 35
text: assembled. Loretta aloof from the others, sad and depressed.
text: Ted tunes the Philco to a familiar voice:
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: From the Ryman Auditorium in
dialog: Nashville, Tennessee, this is the
dialog: Solemn O1' Judge speakin' and this
dialog: is the Grand Ole Opry -- let ‘er
dialog: rip, boys!
text: Bill Monroe and his Bluegrass Boys cut loose with "Blue Moon
text: of Kentucky." Ted claps his hands, trying to cheer Loretta
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Get up and do your squaw dance,
dialog: Mommie ~- see if you can't get a
dialog: smile out of ol’ sourpuss here ---
text: Clara hesitates, then throws down her sewing and does an
text: energetic hoedown. The others clap and shout. Ted watches
text: Loretta but she remains sadly aloof. Suddenly, the door opens
text: and Doolittle steps in, awkwardly. Everything stops.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I knocked, but reckon y'all couldn't
dialog: hear me.
text: Loretta runs to him, instantly happy. Ted looks at her; some-
text: _ thing seems to drain out of him. He clicks off the radio and
text: goes out onto the porch. Clara goes into the kitchen.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Looks like I broke up the party.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (takes his hand)
dialog: Don't matter. Come here and sit
dialog: down ---
text: The other kids begin to giggle.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: o~ 35
dialog: ao
dialog: 36
dialog: ~~
speaker_heading: #02119 24
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 35
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Y'all get outta here or I'm gonna
dialog: smack the tar outta ever one of you!
text: They scatter in various rooms, sniggering and smirking.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (as they sit
dialog: on the sofa)
dialog: Look here at this.
text: He pulls out a wad of money.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: My gosh -~ where'd you get all that?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Paycheck. Been savin’ 'em. You
dialog: know what tomorrow is? Our anni-
dialog: versary.
text: Loretta spots Herman making a face around the corner.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Herman, I'm gonna kill you!
text: She leaps up and smacks him hard, chasing him around the room
text: until he can escape into the kitchen. Then she returns to
dialog: the sofa,
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: What was you a-sayin', Doo?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I said tomorrow is our anniversary
dialog: -- we met a month ago tomorrow. I
dialog: think it'd be a good day for us to
dialog: get married. Specially since I just
dialog: got all this money.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: You'll...you'll have to ask Daddy....
text: Doo nods and goes out on the porch.
scene_heading: EXT. PORCH - NIGHT - TED 36
text: He is hunkered on the steps, smoking a cigarette. Doo comes
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Uh, Mr. Webb...? I'm fixin' to marry
dialog: Loretty. If it's all right with
dialog: you. Tomorrow.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ps
dialog: 36
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
speaker_heading: #02119 25
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 3€
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: {also stunned;
dialog: long pause)
dialog: Go ask Clary.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT’ ~ LORETTA 37
text: watches as Doo comes back in and crosses to the kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT - CLARA 38
text: sits reading the coffee grounds in her saucer.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Miz Webb, me and Loretty want to
dialog: get married, tomorrow.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Go ask Ted.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT - LORETTA 39
text: She sees Doo cross back out to the front porch. Her brothers
text: and sisters continue tormenting her as she waits in suspense.
text: After a moment Doo comes back and starts for the kitchen again.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Doolittle, what are you doin?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Aw, Ted says ask Clara and Clara
dialog: says ask Ted and ---
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Come here. Just sit down and wait
dialog: till they go to bed, then you can
dialog: catch 'em together. Else, they'll
dialog: keep you runnin' back and forth all
dialog: night.
text: Doo sits with a sigh.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT - LATER ~ DOO AND LORETTA 40
text: They are half asleep on the couch when Ted and Clara finally
text: start getting ready for bed. When they are both under the
text: covers, Doo comes to the doorway.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ps
dialog: 40
dialog: 41
speaker_heading: #02119 26
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 40
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Mister-Miz Webb, I know how you feel.
dialog: Everything's happened real fast.
dialog: And I know she's young, and I know
dialog: how much y'all love her. But the
dialog: deal is, I love her, too -- as much
dialog: you do. I seen a lot of the world
dialog: and I growed up pretty fast, but
dialog: the minute I seen Loretta, I knew
dialog: she was all I'd want in this life.
dialog: And I swear to you -- I'll bust my
dialog: back workin’ to make her happy.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: Reckon you're set on it, no matter
dialog: what we say.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I don't wanna go against y'all,
dialog: Miz Webb, but...yeah. We're set
text: on it.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: You promise me two things, boy.
dialog: Don't you never hit her. And don't
dialog: you take her off far from home.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I promise you that.
text: He goes. Through the door he can be seen kissing Loretta good
text: night. Then she comes in to get ready for bed.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Mommie, Daddy -- I'm so happy I
dialog: don't think I'm gonna be able to
dialog: sleep!
dialog: (silence)
dialog: Are y'all still awake?
text: An odd, muffled sound from their bed; both are crying softly.
text: Loretta stands in the dark, listening.
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE - PAINTSVILLE, KY. - DAY 41
text: A Judge performs the ceremony in the cold empty courtroom.
text: Angie Lynn, Doo's mother is there, a few others, but no Clara
text: or Ted. As the ceremony goes on, Loretta looks around for
text: them. Ted comes in at last, doesn't sit, leans on the wall at
text: the rear.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ps
dialog: 41
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 44
speaker_heading: 402119 27
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 41
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: Who gives this woman to be wed?
text: Loretta looks around at Ted. After a long pause, he nods, once.
speaker_heading: JUDGE
dialog: {to Doo)
dialog: Do you have the ring?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I ain't got no ring, Judge.
text: Judge pronounces them man and wife. They kiss. Loretta looks
text: up just in time to see Ted duck out the door....
scene_heading: EXT. CHANDLER'S TOURIST CABINS ~- NIGHT 42
text: Doo's jeep with a canvas cover pulls up in front of one of the
text: plain wood cabins. He and Loretta jump out -- it's freezing
text: cold -- and dash for the door.
scene_heading: INT. THE ROOM - NIGHT - DOO 43
text: He goes to a radiator and turns it on.
text: Loretta in a teddy bear coat stands shivering. Doo flips open
text: his suitcase.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: She'll warm up in a minute. Hey --
dialog: I got a present for you from Mama.
text: He tosses her a nightgown, then goes into the bathroom. Shiv-
text: ering with fear and cold, she sits on the radiator, clutching
text: the nightgown. Hearing the toilet flush, she looks mortified.
text: In a moment Doo comes out in his undershirt and army skivvies.
text: She quickly averts her eyes.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (indicating
dialog: bathroom)
dialog: Go on and get ready for bed, baby.
text: She nods numbly and goes in as Doo turns back the bed.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT - LATER 44
text: The lights are out, Doo waits in bed, she steps cautiously out
text: of the bathroom, in the nightgown, and gets into bed. Doo
text: embraces her, then:
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ps
dialog: 44
dialog: 46
dialog: 46-A
speaker_heading: #02119 28
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 44
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: {laughs, says
dialog: tenderly)
dialog: Loretta? You ain't supposed to put
dialog: your nightgown on over your clothes.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I'm freezin', Doo.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (patiently)
dialog: Go on back in the bathroom and take
dialog: off everything but your gown. Go
dialog: on, now.
text: Embarrassed, she goes.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - NIGHT 45
text: She clicks on the light and we see how completely scared she
text: is, She dutifully removes all clothing from beneath her gown.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT 46
text: She comes and gets into bed again. Doo moves....
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Doo -- hey, don't, that ---
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Take it easy now, just relax ---
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: No ---
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Relax, now -- first time’s a little
dialog: rough sometimes. Just hang on.
text: She struggles. Sound of gown being ripped ~- thrown out of bed
text: on the floor. It is a rape.
scene_heading: EXT. TOURIST CABINS - MORNING - DOO 46-A
text: with a breakfast tray, slipping in the snow, goes into ---
dialog: ps
dialog: 47
speaker_heading: #02119 29
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - MORNING - LORETTA 47
text: sits in bed in her teddy bear coat, miserable. The door opens
text: and Doo comes in with a tray which he brings to her. She
text: looks at the congealed ham and eggs.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: This stuff's cold.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: That's because by the time I can
dialog: carry it back here from the restau-
dialog: rant, it's damn near froze. From
dialog: now on, you're goin' with me.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I ain't goin' in that restaurant,
dialog: have all them people lookin' at me,
dialog: knowin' what we been doin' in here.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Hell's bells, Loretta, you think
dialog: this is somethin' the rest of the
dialog: world ain't caught on to yet? They
dialog: don't give a damn.
dialog: (softens)
dialog: Aw, look, baby. I told you the
dialog: first time was a little rough.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Sure didn't seem like it was rough
dialog: on you.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Well you better learn to like it.
dialog: Because that's what marriage is all
dialog: about.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I ain't never gonna like you gettin’
dialog: on me and a-sweatin' and ---
text: He slaps her; she jerks back, more startled than hurt.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: You promised Daddy you wouldn't hit
dialog: me and look at you already!
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Aw, hell. I'm sorry. But you drove
dialog: me to it.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: You're pushin' me too fast! You
dialog: just gotta gimme a little time,
dialog: that's all.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ps
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 49-A
speaker_heading: #02119 30
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 47
text: She gets up and storms into the bathroom, slamming the door.
text: Dispiritedly, Doo jabs at the congealed egg yolks with a fork.
scene_heading: INT. COAL MINE - DAY - DOO 48
text: sits slumped against the wall; finishes a sandwich, starts
text: another. Three other miners nearby.
speaker_heading: FIRST MINER
dialog: Ol' Doo must be pregnant. He's been
dialog: eatin' enough for two lately.
speaker_heading: SECOND MINER
dialog: Hell, Doo don't need to have no
dialog: babies. He married him one.
text: Doo instantly jumps the miner: the others laugh and jeer.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST HOUSE - VAN LEAR - DAY 49
text: A modest, weatherbeaten house. Doo pulls up in his jeep,
text: grimy with coal dust, he goes inside. He has a small package.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY - LORETTA 49-A
text: sitting at the table, looking at a newspaper. Smiles at Doo
text: who comes in glowering, looks into a pot of beans steaming on
text: the stove, shakes his head sadly.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Hi, hon. Looky here at this.
dialog: {indicates newspaper)
dialog: These radios are on sale cheap. You
dialog: reckon we could get us one?
text: He says nothing, tosses the package in front of her. She opens
text: it eagerly: a book, "Sex for Newlyweds." She opens the book,
text: her eyes go wide.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: My gosh...it's got pictures in it...!
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: That book's supposed to've helped
dialog: millions of couples the world over.
dialog: Thought it might help us.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (turning pages)
dialog: I can't read this thing, Doo,..It's
dialog: got all these big words in it...Like
dialog: look here at this one: that doggone
dialog: word's a foot long, Doo! What in
dialog: the world could a foot long word
dialog: mean?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ~~
dialog: 49-A
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: #02119 31
speaker_heading: CONTINUED A9-A
text: Doo gives her a discouraged look. Goes to the pantry, pulls
text: out a bottle of whiskey, takes a healthy drink.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Aw, Doo...I don't need no book to
dialog: tell me what's wrong. You just
dialog: need to be a little more gentle
dialog: and patient with me, honey. You
dialog: just got to give me a little more
dialog: time....
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Give you a little time...Lemme add
dialog: up how many things I'm supposed to
dialog: give you a little time on; a little
dialog: time to learn how to cook; a little
dialog: time to learn how to clean the damn
dialog: house; a little time to learn how
dialog: to love your man the way you're
dialog: supposed to -- dad-dammit, woman,
dialog: is there anything you know how to do
dialog: right now?
text: Pause: She sighs and looks down at her hands -- which reminds
dialog: her:
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Doo? When you gonna get around
dialog: to gettin' me a weddin' ring?
text: Doo stares at her, can't believe. Starts pulling on his
text: jacket, making a low, threatening, gutteral growl....
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Are you a-makin' that noise...?
dialog: Sound like a ol' bear or something’.
dialog: (sees him
dialog: starting out)
dialog: Doo, where you goin'? Are you a-
dialog: leavin'?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (stops short)
dialog: Naw. I ain't leavin'.
scene_heading: EXT. WEBB CABIN - BUTCHER HOLLER - DAY - CLARA 50
text: at the old washing machine in the yard, Ted in the garden.
text: They look up to see Loretta coming up the trail with her
text: little suitcase. They run to greet each other.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Doo throwed me out, Mommie.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: 50
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: #02119 32
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 50
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: Thank the Lord. Thank the Lord!
dialog: Maybe it ain't too late to save
dialog: you from ruinin' your life!
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: (coming up)
dialog: What in the world -- Loretty! Have
dialog: you come back home?
text: She laughs as he swings her around happily.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Lord, girl -- look at you! I believe
dialog: married life done made you fat!
text: Clara's smile fades abruptly; she looks closer at Loretta's
dialog: stomach.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: (sinking feeling)
dialog: Oh, Lord, no....
speaker_heading: OMITTED 51
scene_heading: INT. DOC TURNER'S OFFICE - DAY 52
text: Doc Turner, 30, pulls on rubber gloves as Loretta, a sheet
text: wrapped around her, climbs on an examination table.
dialog: boc
dialog: Last time I seen you I was givin'
dialog: you a shot for the chicken pox.
dialog: Now you're an ol' married woman,
dialog: How you like it?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Fine, doc. But...me and Doo is
dialog: separated.
dialog: boc
dialog: Things happen pretty fast with you
dialog: and Doolittle, don't they?
text: Doc begins his examination. Loretta is so embarrassed she
text: pulls the sheet over her head. He smiles to himself, begins
dialog: the examination.
scene_heading: EXT. DOC'S OFFICE - VAN LEAR STREET - DAY - LORETTA 53
text: comes out and starts walking home, miserable. She begins to
text: sniffle, then cry -- and suddenly she sees ---
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: #02119 33
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 53
text: -- Doolittle's jeep pulled up at the curb down the street,
text: his back to her. Leaning suggestively on the jeep, talking
text: and smiling, is Lizzie. Enraged, Loretta picks up a stick
text: and runs to the jeep.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Doolittle Lynn -- what's this sow
dialog: doin' a-wallerin' all over your jeep!
speaker_heading: LIZZIE
dialog: What'd you call me?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: A sow -- which is a woman pig!
text: Loretta swings the stick. Lizzie makes a quick retreat, with
text: Loretta right after. Doo watches apprehensively as Loretta
text: starts back for him. He steels himself for the blows, but
text: she walks right past him. He jumps out and runs after.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Loretta, wait a minute -~- I was
dialog: just comin' to see you ---
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Was you a-gonna bring your girl
dialog: friend with you?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Aw, she just flagged me down, it
dialog: didn't mean nothin'. I got some-
dialog: thin' to tell you.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I got somethin’ to tell you, too.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I'm leavin' Kentucky, Loretta.
text: She stops dead, incredulous.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I'm goin' out west, to Washington.
dialog: Get me a job on a ranch or somethin'.
dialog: That coal mine's buryin' me alive,
dialog: Loretta.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: You was just gonna leave me...?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: #02119 34
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 2
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Just long enough to get set up,
dialog: then I'll send you the money to
dialog: join me.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: What makes you think I'm gonna
dialog: come?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You're my wife, baby.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I'm your wife! Boy, you better
dialog: think of a better reason than that!
dialog: Maybe Mommie and Daddy's right,
dialog: maybe I ain't ready for no marriage
dialog: -~ but if what we got is a marriage,
dialog: I'd just as soon not have one noways.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Aw, you're right. Maybe we should've
dialog: waited, I don't know. Deal is, I
dialog: loved you too much to wait. I love
dialog: you too much to lose you now. If
dialog: we could just start over, away from
dialog: our families, and -~ there ain't
dialog: nothin' for me here, Loretta, nothin!
text: but a chestful of coal dust and bein'
dialog: a old man by the time I'm forty.
dialog: And it's so pretty out in Washington.
dialog: I was there as a kid, pickin' fruit.
dialog: You gotta come with me.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: You promised Daddy you wouldn't
dialog: take me off from home....
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You gotta make up your mind, Loretta
dialog: -7 where you're his daughter or my
dialog: wife. Come on. I'll drive you home.
dialog: What was you doin' down here anyways?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I came to see Doc Turner.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You ain't sick, are you?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 53
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: 53
dialog: 54
dialog: 54-A
speaker_heading: #02119 35
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 3 53
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I'm gonna have a baby.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (stunned,
dialog: pleased)
dialog: Well, I be damned...You know, maybe
dialog: you finally found somethin' you
dialog: know how to do.
text: They drive towards the holler in the jeep.
scene_heading: EXT. WEBB CABIN - DAY 54
text: Loretta's brothers and sisters play an energetic game of tag
text: in the yard. Loretta sits on the steps, watching. Her
text: stomach is very large now. She watches the children with a
text: sad thoughtful expression as if knowing her childhood is gone
dialog: forever.
text: Ted comes up the trail in his work clothes. He, too, has a
text: sad expression. He somberly hands Loretta a letter -- her
text: face lights up instantly. She tears it open and some money
text: falls out. Clara comes onto the porch and she and Ted watch
text: sadly as Loretta eagerly reads the letter:
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: He's sent for me...Doo's sent me
dialog: the money to come to Washington...!
scene_heading: EXT. VAN LEAR TRAIN STATION - DAY 54-A
text: Small station, deserted platform, except for Ted and Loretta,
text: with her suitcase and a sack lunch. Ted walks to the edge of
text: a platform and looks up at the empty tracks.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: She's late...Reckon she might of
dialog: jumped the tracks up the line some-
dialog: wheres.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Aw, them trains don't do that
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Been known to.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mw #02119 36
scene_heading: oo, 54-A CONTINUED 54-A
text: Ted paces, Loretta watches him. He stops at the scales.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Get on here. See what you weigh.
dialog: k
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (she does)
dialog: A hunnerd and seventeen! ‘This
dialog: baby's gonna be a big ‘un, ain't
dialog: it, Daddy? You weigh now.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: TED .
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Wouldn't do no good. I wouldn't
dialog: , know how much was me and how much
dialog: ® was all that coal dust I swallered.
text: He looks up: the train appears down the tracks.
speaker_heading: ‘ LORETTA
dialog: (suddenly throws
text: her arms around
dialog: him)
dialog: Oh, Daddy. Don't be sad. I gotta
dialog: ~~ be with Doo -- I'm fixin' to have
dialog: his baby. I'm growed up now, Daddy.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: I ain't never gonna see you again.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: “ Yes, you will, Daddy! I'11 come and
dialog: visit as much as I can -~ me and Doo
dialog: and the baby. And you and Mommie
dialog: can come and visit us.
speaker_heading: TED
dialog: Maybe. But I ain't never gonna
dialog: see My little girl again. Them
dialog: years has been robbed from me.
text: Just like a thief broke in and
dialog: : robbed 'em....
text: He tolds her tightly, trying to keep from erying. The
text: train noisily pulls into the station.
text: SLOW FADE TO YELLOW
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: #02119 37 -
scene_heading: FADE IN - YELLOW SCREEN
scene_heading: KITTY WELLS' RECORD 55
dialog: of "It Wasn't God "Who Made Honky Tonk Angels." Pulling back
text: slowly, we see the yellow is the dial face of a Zenith table
text: model radio; we hear Loretta singing along with the record.
text: Panning slowly we see we are in a modest kitchen; we pass
text: (1) a window -- it's raining hard outside; (2) a gas stove
text: with boiling kettle full of mason jars; (3) another pot full
text: of boiling apples; (4) Loretta, stirring the pot, singing,
text: holding a three-year-old girl in her arms, Cissy....
text: Continuing the pan we see (5) four-year-old Ernest Ray on
text: the floor; (6) five-year-old Jack Benny nearby; and (7)
text: six-year-old Betty Sue at the kitchen table. They all play
text: boisterously around the kitchen as Loretta cooks and sings
dialog: to herself.
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL LOGGING OPERATION - RAIN - DAY 56
text: In the pouring rain, Doo drives a D-4 Caterpillar down a
text: woodec trail, dragging a large log on a chain. Two other
text: Loggers are trying to keep dry in the cab of a truck nearby.
speaker_heading: FIRST LOGGER
dialog: (shouts at Doo)
dialog: Hey, Mooney! Let's dog off! It's
dialog: rainin' if you ain't noticed!
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Hell, it's always rainin' out here.
dialog: I ain't gonna melt.
speaker_heading: SECOND LOGGER
dialog: I thought hillbillies was supposed
dialog: to be lazy.
speaker_heading: FIRST LOGGER
dialog: Not that one. That sunbitch never
dialog: stops workin'.
text: Doo expertly spins the Cat in the mud, grinning.
scene_heading: EXT. LYNN HOUSE - WASHINGTON - DAY 57
text: A small wooden house on the edge of a large field. Another
text: larger farmhouse in the distance. Doo pulls up in the yard
text: ina '55 Ford. The kids come out to meet him and they all
dialog: go inside.
dialog: 58
speaker_heading: #02119 38
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN ~ SUPPER TABLE - NIGHT 58
text: Still cornbread and beans, but cooked to perfection now.
text: The whole family at the table, Doo eating with gusto.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Pass your daddy some more cornbread,
dialog: Jack Benny.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: What'd you do today, baby?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I put up seventeen quarts of apple
dialog: butter. And -- Ernest Ray stop
dialog: makin' that noise -- and all that
text: rain made the doggone sink stop up
dialog: ~~ stop a-hittin' him, Jack Benny --
dialog: and I spent half the mornin' a-
dialog: fixin' that and -- dad blame it,
dialog: I'm gonna smack the jaws off both
dialog: of y'll -- and then I had this
dialog: doctor's appointment ---
text: Deo looks up with alarm,
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: 7-~ and he said it was just a false
dialog: alarm but we better start bein' a
dialog: whole lot more careful -- wipe your
dialog: chin off, Betty Sue. And then I
dialog: come home and fixed supper and I'm
dialog: "bout ready to die. And how was
dialog: your day?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Wet.
text: He grins and goes on eating.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSE - NIGHT 58-A
text: Doo wanders out, smoking, into the adjointing field to
text: relieve himself. From the farmhouse across the field, a
text: man's voice shouts over:
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR'S VOICE
dialog: Hey, Mooney -- !
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Yo!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: 58-A
speaker_heading: 58-B
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
speaker_heading: #02119 39
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 58-A
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR'S VOICE
dialog: Your mama called long distance from
dialog: Kentucky today -- said Happy
dialog: Anniversary and why don't you call
dialog: her sometime?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Much obliged.
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR'S VOICE
dialog: Why don't you have a phone put in
dialog: sometime, Mooney?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I don't like telephones.
text: He starts back for the house, hears Loretta singing a sad
dialog: ballad, "The Great Titanic."
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT 58-B
text: Doo in the doorway, listening to Loretta sing to the children.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I just rememberd we got an
dialog: anniversary comin' up, baby. What
dialog: kind of present you want?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I still ain't got no weddin’ ring.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (indicates kids)
dialog: Hell, woman, if you don't know
dialog: you're married by now, you ain't
dialog: never gonna know.
text: She gives him a look, resumes singing. Doo listens, a very
text: thoughtful expression on his face.
scene_heading: EXT. MAIN STREET - LYNDEN, WASHINGTON - LATE AFTERNOON 59
text: Some working men lounging at the door of a tavern. Doo,
text: getting off from work, pulls up, waves, goes to the window
text: of a nearby jewelry-pawn shop, looks at the display of
text: wecding-engagement rings. Then his eye goes to a row of
dialog: guitars....
speaker_heading: OMITTED 60
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: #02119 40
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT - LORETTA 61
text: asleep. Doo comes in carrying a guitar, turns on the light,
text: plops down on the bed. Loretta's eyes are open.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Happy anniversary, baby.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Looks like you had a happy
dialog: anniversary. You somethin', Doo?
dialog: Most couples celebrates their
text: anniversaries together.
dialog: (sees guitar)
dialog: What's this thing?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: It's your present. Happy anniversary.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: My present -- ? Sometimes I think
dialog: you're missin' a washer in your
dialog: brain, Doo -- I can't play this
dialog: thing ---
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Most people can't without they
dialog: learn how first. You ain't too
dialog: ignorant to learn, are you? If
dialog: you don't want it, I'll bust it up
dialog: for firewood ~- give it here....
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: {grabs it away)
dialog: Don't you do no such a thing!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Boy. I never know what you're
dialog: gonna do next. I just don't under-
dialog: Stand why you got me a guitar ---
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Because when I was listenin' to you
dialog: singin' to the babies I thought,
dialog: Loretta sings a helluva lot better'n
dialog: any them women on the radio. She
dialog: orta have her a guitar.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I didn't know you ever paid any
dialog: attention to me singin'. You really
dialog: think I sing good?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: m™w
dialog: 61
speaker_heading: 61-B
dialog: 61-c
dialog: 62
speaker_heading: #02119 41
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 61
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: That's what I said, ain't it?
dialog: (clicks out
dialog: light, puts arm
dialog: around her)
dialog: Now. What kind of present you got
dialog: for me?
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOUSE - BACKYARD - DAY 61-A
text: Loretta trying to master a G-chord as an old washing machine
text: chugs next to her. The kids run around playing nearby. She
text: concentrates hard. The washing machine gets stuck and makes
text: an awful grinding sound. Without missing a beat Loretta
text: kicks the machine hard. It resumes working and she resumes
dialog: practicing.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOUSE ~ LIVING ROOM - DAY 61-B
text: Guitar continues from previous scene but a little improved
text: now. She sits on the sofa, playing and singing "Cold Cold
text: Heart" to the kids on the floor, playing audience.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT 61-c
text: Singing and playing (still more improved) continues. Doo
text: and the kids eat supper, listening. Doo is very thoughtful
dialog: again....
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Hey. How bout Saturday night we
dialog: get us a baby-sitter and go out
text: somewheres.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (stops playing)
dialog: You mean together?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Hell, yes, together. Keep on
dialog: playin'. Sounds good.
text: She resumes playing, he resumes eating....
scene_heading: INT. CAR - MOVING ~ NIGIIT 62
text: Both dressed for a night out. Doo pulls up in front of the
text: Grange Hall with a mysterious grin.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mw #02119 42
speaker_heading: 62 CONTINUED 62
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Vihat do you keep grinnin’ about...?
dialog: Vhat're you up to?
text: Doolittle says nothing. They go inside.
scene_heading: 63 INT. GRANGE HALL - DANCE - NIGHT 63
text: "Steel Guitar Rag” being played by the Westerneers, a local
text: band. The hall is packed with noise and smoke. Doo deposits
text: Loretta at a table and goes for drinks at the bar. She sits
text: watching the people as a slick cowboy comes up grinning.
speaker_heading: SLICK
dialog: How bout a dance, darlin'?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Uh...I can't. I'm married.
speaker_heading: : SLICK
dialog: Must not be too married. You ain't
dialog: wearin' no ring.
text: Loretta embarrassedly covers her hand. Doo returns and Slick
text: moves off. Loretta looks miserably at her ring finger and
text: suddenly brightens:
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Hey! I bet I know what that
dialog: surprise is!
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (winks)
dialog: You guessed it, huh? You wait
dialog: right here and I'll go fix it up.
text: He moves off towards the bandstand. Puzzled, she sees him
text: corner the bandleader, John Penn, and start talking energeti-
text: cally, gesturing in her direction. Suddenly she realizes
text: what he's doing and panics. Doo beckons her to the band-
text: stand; she shakes her head frantically. He frowns and starts
text: for her. She leaps to her feet, truly frightened, and rushes
text: through the crowd, heading for the ladies room. Doo pushes
text: his way through the crowd, searching for her. He bumps into
text: Slick, talking to a pal.
speaker_heading: SLICK
dialog: (winking)
dialog: Keep your eyes open, hoss. Lotta
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
speaker_heading: #02119 43
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 63
speaker_heading: SLICK (Cont'd)
dialog: married stuff here tonight done
dialog: took off their rings.
text: Doo sees Loretta heading into the ladies room and follows.
scene_heading: INT. LADIES ROOM - NIGHT 64
text: In the small room, two Ladies are startled as Loretta rushes
text: in, looking as if she's about to be sick.
speaker_heading: PIRST LADY
dialog: You all right, honey? You look
dialog: sick.
speaker_heading: SECOND LADY
dialog: Maybe she's pregnant...Are you
dialog: expectin', honey?
text: Doo suddenly slams the door open; the two Ladies are trapped
text: in the corner and watch wide-eyed.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: What's the matter with you? Why'd
dialog: you run off like that?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Don't make me get up there and
dialog: sing, Doo, please -- I'm sick, Doo!
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Aw, you ain't gonna sing. That ol'
dialog: boy wouldn't allow it.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (relieved)
dialog: Thank the Lord...!
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: But he said he'd listen to you
dialog: tomorrow. Turns out they need a
dialog: singer’real bad} so tomorrow,
dialog: you're gonna go audition for ‘em ---
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (panics again)
dialog: I ain't no singer, Doo! I can't
dialog: sing for no strangers!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: #02119 44
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 64
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Yes, you can. I done fixed it all
dialog: up for you.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: You didn't ask me nothin' about
dialog: it ---
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: How could I when you was runnin'
dialog: off and hidin' like a stupid hill-
dialog: billy.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (furious)
dialog: Don't you call me no stupid hill-
dialog: billy! I may be ignorant, but I
dialog: ain't stupid! Why are you wantin'
dialog: me to sing so much, anyway?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: {calmly)
dialog: Because I'm proud of you when you
dialog: sing. I want everybody to know how
dialog: proud of you I an.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (melting)
dialog: Oh, Doo...I'm glad I make you proud,
dialog: but, I can't sing in front of people.
dialog: I just can't....
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You damn sure can and you're damn
dialog: sure goin' to -- and you're gonna
dialog: sing for them boys tomorrow and
dialog: next week you're gonna be singin’
dialog: right here if I have to kick your
dialog: stupid hillbilly butt ever inch of
dialog: the way!
text: He slams the door hard; the two Ladies jump; Loretta looks
dialog: sick again.
scene_heading: INT. GRANGE HALL DANCE - NIGHT - A WEEK LATER 65
text: Loretta still looks sick, at the edge of the bandstand in a
text: home-made western dress, holding her guitar. She can't bring
text: herself to look at the large, rowdy audience. On stage the
dialog: Westerneers finish "Take Me Back to Tuisa."
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
speaker_heading: #02119 45
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 65
speaker_heading: JOHN PENN
dialog: Now, folks, y'all give a big
dialog: welcome to the newest addition to
dialog: the Westerneers, Miss Loretta Lynn!
scene_heading: ANGLE - THE BAR - DOOLITTLE 66
text: Sports a new cowboy hat, leans on the bar, studying the
text: audience as Loretta steps uncertainly to the microphone.
scene_heading: ANGLE - LORETTA SINGING 67
text: She sings "There He Goes," awkwardly at first, not daring to
text: look at the audience, When she finally does, she sees them
text: listening, looking up at her with enjoyment. She takes heart,
text: relaxes a little, begins to enjoy it. We see her in the pro-
dialog: cess of realizing the possibilities of a new life as a
text: performer; a warmth flows from the audience that fills her
text: and in turn flows back to them. As the song goes on, she
text: looks at some of them: young couples dancing, older people
text: listening with a smile, rowdy cowboys with bottles in their
text: hands grinning up at her, and at the bar, alone, a middle-aged
text: woman crying to herself, drunk. Loretta’s eyes linger a
text: moment on her.
text: When the song ends, Doo is at the edge of the bandstand. The
text: applause is warm and genuine. She goes to Doo, a little
text: dazed.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: They like me, Doo....
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: They gonna like you a whole lot
dialog: more 'fore I'm finished. Go on,
dialog: do another one.
text: She starts back to the mike, is stopped by the Drunk Woman
text: from the bar, mascara streaking down her face.
speaker_heading: DRUNK WOMAN
dialog: Bu'ful, honey...jus' bu'ful...you
dialog: sang th' story my” life....
text: Loretta smiles uncertainly and continues to the mike, looking
text: back at the woman staggering off into the crowd.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD BY HOUSE - DAY 68
text: Loretta on her hands and knees setting out tomato plants by
text: hand. Nearby the youngest child sleeps on a blanket with an
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: thru
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: #02119 46
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 68
text: old umbrella propped up. Loretta grubs in the dirt, unintelli-
text: gibly talking-singing to herself; mumbling, frowning trying to
text: make up a song about the woman at the bar: We hear the words,
text: “Honky Tonk Girl." She sets another tomato plant, something
text: seems to click, she sits back on the dirt, smiles happily and
dialog: says to the baby:
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I wrote me a song...I wrote me a
dialog: song -- your mama is a doggone
dialog: songwriter, too!
scene_heading: INT. 1955 FORD - DAY - HIGHWAY 69
text: Doo driving, Loretta feeding cookies, etc., to kids in back.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: {holding forth)
dialog: Thing is, you can sing in ever
dialog: little honky-tonk in the country --
dialog: there's thousands doin' it ain't
dialog: gettin’ nowhere and never will.
dialog: What gives you the edge is gettin'
dialog: yourself a record. And the next
dialog: step is even more important -- that's
dialog: gettin’ people to play the thing.
dialog: But right now the thing to worry
dialog: about is for you to make the best
dialog: doggone record you can -- it all
dialog: depends on that.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (admiringly)
dialog: Boy, Doo, I sure didn't know you
dialog: knew this much about the music
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I don't. I'm just figurin' it out
dialog: as I go.
dialog: 70
speaker_heading: OMITTED thru
dialog: 72
scene_heading: INT. SMALL RECORDING STUDIO - DAY 73
text: Cluttered, dingy. The kids wander around with bottles of
text: Coke and baloney sandwiches. Loretta is on the floor with
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mw #02119 47
speaker_heading: 73 CONTINUED 73
text: two duck-tailed sidemen (lead and bass) who look as if they'd
text: rather be somewhere else. She's scared to death. Doo is
text: behind the control panel with Speedy West who runs the studio.
speaker_heading: SPEEDY
dialog: What you gonna sing for us, honey?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: She's gonna do this song she wrote
dialog: herself, ‘Honky Tonk Girl.'
speaker_heading: SPEEDY
dialog: Uh-huh. What key's that in, honey?
text: Loretta looks helpless.
speaker_heading: : DOOLITTLE
dialog: Y'all just play and she'll follow
dialog: you all right.
speaker_heading: SPEEDY
dialog: She does talk, don't she, partner?
dialog: Usually, if you can sing, you can
dialog: talk, too.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: She can talk up a storm when she
dialog: wants to.
dialog: (to kids)
dialog: Y'all keep out of the way now --
dialog: ' find a place to sit.
text: Speedy and the sidemen exchange glances: They've seen
dialog: , everything.
scene_heading: 1 74 ANGLE - LORETTA AND SIDEMEN 74
text: She nervously shows them chords. Doo comes up.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: , (aside,
dialog: nervously)
dialog: I don't think these boys like me,
dialog: Doo. They ain't very friendly.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Forget about ‘em. Just sing.
text: She nods. Speedy cues them and they begin. She misses her
text: o cue and everything stops. She looks wretched, trembling.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 74
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: #02119 48
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 74
text: Speedy calls for take two but Doo motions him to wait. He
text: turns Loretta away from the sidemen, facing the kids who are
text: in chairs at the wall.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Sing to them, baby. Just like you
dialog: was home.
text: Second take begins. Loretta is more relaxed but the sidemen
text: sound awful. Doo is angry, but helpless. After a moment,
text: Speedy hits the intercom.
speaker_heading: SPEEDY
dialog: {on intercom)
dialog: Hey, people? Tell you what. Let's
dialog: hold it for a while and lemme see
dialog: if I can find a few more pickers.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Man, I spent ever last penny I had
dialog: -- I can't afford no more pickers!
dialog: And as bad as them two are, what do
dialog: you want more for?
speaker_heading: SPEEDY
dialog: (covers intercom)
dialog: I mean more better, pardner.
dialog: (beat; smiles)
text: That little gal sings her hind end
dialog: off.
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO - LATER 75
text: A professional five-piece band backs up Loretta as she sings
text: “Honky Tonk Girl" to the kids, never taking her eyes off them,
text: Everybody else is smiling, knowing it's good. Doo is so happy
text: he can't keep still.
scene_heading: INT. WASHINGTON HOUSE - FRONT DOOR - DAY 76
text: Doo staggers in under the load of heavy cardboard boxes.
text: Sets them on the living room floor where already a dozen
text: boxes are stacked. One of them is open and Loretta is
text: removing the contents; freshly pressed 45 singles of "Honky .
text: Tonk Girl." She puts one on the record player, listens, “
text: shaking her head, unable to believe it's actually her.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - BEDROOM - DAY 77
text: Doo tacks up a chenille bedspread on the wall. He brings
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: #02119 49
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 77
text: in a floor lamp, removes the shade for use as a photographic
text: light. He goes out and returns with an old graphlex on
text: tripod. Meanwhile Loretta is in her slip painstakingly
text: sequins and stars on a plain black dress. The kids are
text: scattered around -- the boys running through the-house,
text: girls, Betty Sue and Cissy watching Loretta sew.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Get your dress on. I gotta take
dialog: this picture and get to work.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I ain't got all these doodads
text: sewed on yet.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: It's just gonna be your head and
dialog: shoulders, Stand over there in
text: front of that backdrop.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: You mean this bedspread? Wait a
dialog: minute -- I orta put on some lip-
dialog: stick or somethin'.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You look better natural. Don't you
dialog: ever put no makeup.on your face. I
dialog: don't like it.
speaker_heading: BETTY SUE
dialog: Mama. ..?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Just a minute, darlin'. Let me
dialog: finish this up -- Smile, now.
text: She does; he snaps the picture.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I gotta go. Where's my lunch
dialog: bucket?
dialog: a
dialog: sewing
dialog: the
text: Lightly kisses her, hugs Betty Sue and Cissy and hurries out.
text: Loretta resumes sewing sequins.
speaker_heading: BETTY SUE
dialog: Are you and Daddy goin' out again
dialog: tonight. Mama?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: kt
dialog: 77
dialog: 78
dialog: 78-A
speaker_heading: #02119 50
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 77
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Yeah, honey, I'm a-singin' over in
dialog: Lynden.
speaker_heading: BETTY SUE
dialog: Can I go with you?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: It's this rough ol' honky-tonk,
dialog: honey. You can't be goin’ there.
text: From the living room comes the sound of the record: Doo put
text: it on as he was leaving. .
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Hear that? That's Mommie's record.
text: Betty Sue sulks unhappily. Loretta continues sewing as the
text: record plays.
scene_heading: EXT. LOGGING SITE - DAY 78
text: Doo on his D-4 moving up a steep grade. Beside him is a copy
dialog: of Cash Box magazine, with a comprehensive list of every coun-
text: try DJ in America, complete with addresses. He folds the page
text: over and concentrates on his work.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - DAWN 78-A
text: Doo, bleary-eyed, yawning, pecks at an old typewriter. The
text: Cash Box list of DJ's is tacked to the wall in front of him.
dialog: He types: "Dear Mr. DJ. Here is the new big hit from Zero
text: recording star Loretta Lynn..." He places the letter, a
text: record, and the photo he took of Loretta in front of the bed-
text: spread into an envelope, addresses it, and marks another DT
text: off the list -- three’ quarters of them are marked through’ now.
text: He looks at’ the’clock -- 61330°A.M.° Stretches, gets his lunch
text: bucket and hat and starts out. Loretta enters in her night-
dialog: gown.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (worried)
dialog: You work all night again, honey...?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I'll grab me a nap later on. Gotta
dialog: go, baby ---
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Doo...all this leavin' the kids so
dialog: much, and you spendin' all your
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ~~
dialog: kt
dialog: 78-A
dialog: 78-B
speaker_heading: #02119 51
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 78-B
speaker_heading: LORETTA (Cont'd)
dialog: money and workin’ so hard...
dialog: well, it's kind of scarin' me....
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Can't be scared if you want to
dialog: make anything out of yourself.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I thought I had made somethin' out
dialog: of myself, Doo. A wife for you, as
dialog: mother to them kids. We ain't
dialog: never thought this through, Doo.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (putting arm
dialog: around her}
dialog: Look, baby. We're started on it,
dialog: now. Let's see it through. If it
dialog: don't work out, we'll still have
dialog: all this. I gotta go now.
text: He scoops up the envelopes and starts out.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (smiles slightly)
dialog: Who knows? Maybe we'll get lucky.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You make your own luck in this life,
dialog: good, bad, or indifferent. Be
dialog: ready when I get home. We gotta
dialog: drive all the way to Spokane.
text: He goes. Loretta looks at the photo of herself, smiles. Feels
text: better. Doo's car drives away outside. Seeing his coffee
text: cup, she turns it upside down in the saucer and "reads" the
text: grounds. She hears someone faintly calling her name as if
text: from a long distance. She goes to the backdoor and looks out.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FIELDS ~ DANN 78-B
text: Misty, wet fields. She listens, hears nothing, steps out into
text: the cool air, shivering in the nightgown. She sees a figure
text: in the mist at the edge of the field. She looks at him closely.
text: The figure turns....
text: It's Ted. He wears his mining clothes, his face and hands
text: grimed with coal dust. He smiles sadly at her. A voice
text: shouts through the mist, from a distance.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: 78-B
speaker_heading: #02119 52
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 78-B
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: Loretta.
text: Starts toward Ted, but he disappears in the mist. She stands
text: petrified, frightened. The voice calls her name again, and
text: suddenly a figure moves out of the mist -- her Neighbor.
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR
dialog: Loretta? Long distance, Loretta.
dialog: Your mother calling, from Kentucky.
dialog: Emergency, she says.
text: She gasps, knowing instantly what it is. She runs barefooted
text: into the mist, across the field, sobbing....
scene_heading: INT. BUTCHER HOLLER CABIN - NIGHT - TED IN OPEN COFFIN 79
text: Candles at head and foot of coffin; Ted "prepared" by an
text: undertaker's art. Several friends, relatives, move in and
text: out of the house: there is food, drink, etc. -- a wake.
text: Clara and Loretta stand looking at the body.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: He come to me, Mommie...when he
dialog: died. I saw him...just as plain....
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: He wanted to be with you so much.
dialog: You and them grandkids....
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Oh, Mommie, I shouldn't have gone
dialog: away -- I should've been here.
dialog: This is my home, Mommie.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: I'm gonna have to leave here too,
dialog: Loretty. Can't keep this place up
dialog: by myself. I'm gonna move up north,
dialog: me and the young'uns. Get me a job.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I won't have no place to come home
dialog: to...Who's gonna look after Daddy?
text: She cries into Clara's shoulder.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT PORCH AND YARD - NIGHT sa
text: Shadowy figures scattered around, the glowing of cigarettes,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 80
speaker_heading: SO-A
speaker_heading: #02119 53
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 80
text: subdued conversation. In the yard, a group of men pass 4
text: bottle around, including Doc Turner, Red Lynn, Doolittle.
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: Ted had the black lung, and them
dialog: nervous headaches of his, but the
dialog: plain fact is he just worked hisself
dialog: to death. It's a mystery to me how
dialog: men can work so hard, and still not
dialog: get nowhere.
text: Doo listens, drinking.
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT PORCH - NIGHT 80-A
text: Loretta comes out to the porch railing. Her uncle, Corman
text: Webb, a shy mountain man comes up.
speaker_heading: CORMAN
dialog: Loretta, your man was a-tellin' me
dialog: you're one of them singers now.
dialog: Ted always used to say what he
dialog: missed most was you a-singin' to
dialog: them babies. Lord, you could hear
dialog: “you all over this holler.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: (coming out)
dialog: Sing somethin’ now, honey...for us.
text: Loretta chokes, tries to gather herself, and begins "Precious
dialog: Memories." All listen, spellbound.
scene_heading: EXT. THE YARD - NIGHT 81
text: The men passing the bottle around.
speaker_heading: RED LYNN
dialog: Gacdamn, if that ain't the
dialog: prettiest thing I ever heard.
dialog: You reckon ol' Ted can hear it
dialog: somewheres?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: He never got over me takin' her
dialog: away fror: home....
speaker_heading: DOC
dialog: You done the right thing, Doo,
dialog: leavin' here. Anyhow, over and
dialog: done now, I reckon.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: S3-A
speaker_heading: #02119 54
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Naw, it ain't, Doc. It ain't never
dialog: gonna be over.
text: He looks at Loretta singing, tears in her eye
text: filling the night.
scene_heading: EXT, GRAVEYARD - TED'S GRAVE - MORNING — LORE’
text: She kneels at the grave, placing some yellow
text: In the b.g. a bulldozer is working noisily.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD ROAD - MORNING - DOO ON BULLDO
text: He expertly makes a road from the graveyard di
text: wooded trail. He stops, gets off and goes toward ---
scene_heading: EXT. TED'S GRAVE - MORNING
text: Loretta kneeling at the grave as Doo comes up
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I finished widenin' that trail.
dialog: Next time it won't be so hard to
dialog: get up here.
text: She says nothing. He idly fingers the yellow
dialog: plastic.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: All these real flowers growin'
dialog: around here, why'd you get these
dialog: plastic ones?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Because they don't die! The real
dialog: ones just die, like everything else
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Honey....
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Daddy's gone, Momnie's moving away
dialog: -- I ain't gonna have no home left
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (reaches for her)
dialog: We got our home, honey ---
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Get away from me! Leave me alone!
dialog: $1
dialog: s, her voice
speaker_heading: TTA 62
text: flowers on it.
speaker_heading: ZER 83
dialog: lown the steep,
speaker_heading: S3-A
text: , hunkers beside
dialog: flowers. They're
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: kt
dialog: 83-A
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
speaker_heading: #02119 55
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 83-A
text: Stung, Doolittle pulls back. He walks back to the bulldozer,
text: hurt and angry. She cries at the grave a moment. Then comes
text: to him. He helps her onto the bulldozer and starts it off down
dialog: the trail.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAVEYARD ROAD - BULLDOZER - MOVING 84
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (over the engine)
dialog: Listen. We gotta decide somethin'
dialog: now. All them pictures and records
dialog: I sent to them radio stations --
dialog: most of ‘em are right here in this
dialog: part of the country. If we're really
dialog: gonna do this thing, we gotta go
dialog: see ‘em -- in person -- make sure
dialog: they play that record! I already
dialog: talked to your mama -- she said
dialog: she'd take care of the kids: But
dialog: we gotta move now -- understand?
text: She says nothing; turns away.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: All right. JI ain't gonna push you
dialog: into nothin'. It's your choice.
dialog: If you don't want it, we'll just go
dialog: back to what we was doin‘, that's
dialog: all....
text: She slowly looks at him as he steers the tractor down the grade.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (softly)
dialog: I want it, Doo....
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Can't hear you.
speaker_heading: LORETTA *
dialog: I want it -- I want to be a singer!
dialog: I want it real bad, Doo?!
text: Doo says nothing; just nods and steers the bulldozer....
scene_heading: EXT. CABIN - DAY 85
text: Doo and Loretta getting into the car; the kids crying and
text: clinging to them. They pull away; the kids all clinging to
text: Clara now. Loretta looks back waving as long as she can...
text: until the car disappears down the trail away from Butcher
dialog: Holler.
dialog: ps
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
speaker_heading: #02119 56
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY 86
text: The car speeds along; the Radio is being tuned, stations
text: skipping by, static, etc., until:
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: «..your voice of country music in
dialog: the tri-state area. And now here's
dialog: that big number one hit by Miss Patsy
dialog: Cline, 'Walkin' After Midnight.'
text: Loretta leans in and turns it up. Doo checks the Cash Box
text: list of stations and DJ's taped to his sun visor.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: All right. Station WCBL. DJ's
dialog: named Bobby Day. Keep your eyes
text: open for the transmitter.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: The what?
text: Doo gives her a look.
scene_heading: ANGLE - STATION TRANSMITTER -— DAY 87
text: looming over the landscape, a small station at the foot.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - MOVING - DAY - DOO 88
text: drives the car into the parking lot. Loretta's in the back
text: in panties and bra hurriedly trying to pull on her dress with
text: the sewed-on sequins and a pair of white boots.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Doggone it, Doo, wait -- people can
dialog: look in here and see me!
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Hurry up, then -- we're there.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I don't know what to do once we get
dialog: in there -- what am I supposed to
dialog: say?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Don't even think about it -- just
dialog: talk.
text: He parks; she frantically tries to pull her boots on.
dialog: ps
dialog: 89
speaker_heading: #00495 57
scene_heading: INT. STATION NUMBER ONE - DAY 89
text: Small operation; nobody there except the DJ, Bobby Day, eating
text: a sandwich at his microphone while a record plays and an
text: engineer in a control booth. He is startled to see Loretta
text: in her dress and Doo in his white hat stroll into the studio.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Uh -- hey -- sorry, folks -- no
dialog: visitors in the studio ---
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (gamely)
dialog: Uh, hi, Bobby! Uh, my name is
dialog: Loretta Lynn. And. Uh. I sent
dialog: you a picture and my brand new
dialog: record on the Zero label. And.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (hastily)
dialog: What? Look, folks, no kiddin', you
dialog: can't be here while I'm doin' a
dialog: show -- okay?
text: Engineer signals “stand by" -- record is ending.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (sweating)
dialog: It's a song I wrote myself called
dialog: ‘Honky Tonk Girl'. I got the idea
dialog: from ---
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (thinking fast)
dialog: Yeah, right -- I got it and played
dialog: it. Just sort of laid there --
dialog: now thanks for comin' in y'all --
dialog: (on the air;
dialog: signals Doo and
dialog: Loretta to be quiet)
dialog: You're listenin' to tri-state country
dialog: with your Deejay, Bobby Day right
dialog: here til six o'clock, neighbors -~
dialog: and now, here's a word from our good
text: friends down at Hutchen's Hot Pig.
text: A recorded commercial begins. During the above Loretta has
text: spotted her record -- unwrapped, in a stack of others. Dis-
text: traught, she waves it at Bobby.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ps
dialog: 89
dialog: 30
speaker_heading: #00495 58
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 89
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: You played it, huh? You ain't even
dialog: took it outta the wrapper!
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (as commercial
dialog: continues)
dialog: Look, you know how many do-it-
dialog: yourself records I get ever day?
dialog: If I played them all I wouldn't
dialog: have time to play anything else ---
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: But why'd you lie to us? Why'd you
dialog: say people didn't like us? Doolittle
dialog: worked so hard to get us that record
dialog: and ---
text: She cries loudly.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (frantically)
dialog: Hey, shut her up, willya? I'm goin'
dialog: back on the air ---
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (nonchalantly)
dialog: Ain't nothin’ I can do, pardner.
dialog: Once she gets wound up....
text: "On the Air" sign comes on; only one thing for Bobby to do.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (shielding mike
dialog: from her sobs)
dialog: Folks, we got a special treat for
dialog: you here today -- a young lady who
dialog: I predict is gonna go all the way --~
text: Loretta stops crying and looks at him.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Tell the friends and neighbors all
dialog: about yourself, darlin’.
text: He thrusts the mike in her face; she panics, goes totally blank.
text: Looks around desperately for Doo -- just in time to see him
text: bolting out the front door. She looks back at Bobby and tries
dialog: to speak.
scene_heading: EXT. STATION PARKING LOT - DAY - DOO 90
text: bursts out the front door, dives into the car and turns on the
text: radio, nervously waiting for it to fade in; finally ---
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: ps
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
speaker_heading: #00495 59
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 90
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (on radio, sound-
dialog: ing very at home)
dialog: -- and then I sung it for Doolittle
dialog: -- that's my husband -- but every-
dialog: one else calls him Mooney on
dialog: account of he used to sell moonshine
dialog: back in Butcher Holler ---
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Where?
scene_heading: INTERCUT - CAR AND INTERVIEW - DOO 91
dialog: can't believe it; she sounds like a pro.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Butcher Holler -- that's where me
dialog: and Doo is from back in Kentucky --
dialog: anyway I wrote this song and Doo
dialog: said that's about as good a song as
dialog: I ever heard, good as Patsy Cline,
dialog: and I said, aw, ain't nobody good
dialog: as Patsy.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Well, folks, let's give it a listen
dialog: -~- brand new, on the Zero label,
text: Miss Lorene Lynn singing ‘Honky
dialog: Tonk Girl' ---
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (as record
dialog: starts)
text: Loretta. Loretta Lynn. Not Lorene.
text: In the car, Doo laughs out loud.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - MOVING - HIGHWAY - DAY 92
text: Both laugh, happy -- Loretta peeling off baloney slices, making
text: sandwiches for them both.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You sure got over bein' bashful fast.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I done what you said -- just opened
dialog: my mouth and out it come. I
dialog: couldn*t stop -- and I didn't have
dialog: no more notion of what I was gonna
dialog: Say than a rabbit!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: kt
dialog: o~ 92
dialog: |
dialog: '
dialog: 93
dialog: ”~
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 95-A
dialog: oo
speaker_heading: #02119 60
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 92
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Well, you just keep on bein' a
dialog: rabbit, then.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Where's the next one -- want me
dialog: to watch out for that transmitter?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Yeah -- watch out for that trans—
text: mitter.
text: They speed on down the highway.
speaker_heading: MONTAGE 93
text: Lonely transmitters against the sky; the car speeding down
text: two-lane country highways; highline poles; the call-letter
text: signs of small country radio stations; and close shots of
text: the car radio as the dial skips across it. We hear snatches
text: of widely-ranging music: Pat Boone "Love Letters in the Sand",
dialog: Ray Charles, "What'd I Say?", Kingston Trio "Tom Dooley",
dialog: Peter, Paul and Mary "Blowin' in the Wind", Buddy Holly "Not
text: Fade Away" and finally, loud and clear, Loretta's record.
speaker_heading: OMITTED 94
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY HIGHWAY AND SMALL ROADSIDE GROCERY - TWILIGHT 95
text: The car pulls up to the pumps in front of the store. They
dialog: get out and go inside.
scene_heading: INT, SMALL GROCERY - TWILIGHT 95-A
text: A radio is playing behind the counter: Lefty Frizell's
text: "Please Release Me." Doo points to a roll of baloney in
text: the freezer and a fat, old woman starts slicing it. Loretta
text: wanders around looking at a display of candy and toys.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Doo, can we send the kids some
dialog: suckers or somethin'?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: We ain't got a cent to spare, baby.
text: Loretta nods, resigned, watches as the old woman wraps the
dialog: baloney in paper.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I sure am gettin’ sick of eatin'
dialog: baloney.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: kw
dialog: 95-A
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
speaker_heading: #02119 61
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 95-A
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You know what they say about baloney,
dialog: don't you? Makes you horny.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: What's that mean?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Are you so ignorant you don't know
dialog: what horny means?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: No, What's it mean?
text: Laughing loudly, he pays for the baloney and goes out the
text: door. Loretta follows, imploring.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Come on, Doo -= what's it mean?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Just fix me a baioney sandwich,
dialog: will ya, baby?
text: Through the screen door we watch them get into the car and
text: drive off. The radio behind the counter is still playing:
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: Here's a brand-new record by a brand
dialog: new artist that's startin' to catch
dialog: on with all you country music fans --
dialog: Loretta Lynn singin’ "Honky-Tonk Girl",
text: The fat woman listens, idly beating time as she reads her
dialog: newspaper.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - DAY 96
text: The car whips down another highway; radio skips over the dial
text: again, more music of the era. The highway seems empty and
dialog: endless....
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER TRANSMITTER - DAY 97
text: Long pan down it as "Honky Tonk Girl" plays. The car pulls
text: into the parking lot and Loretta gets out in her cowgirl
text: outfit, looking eager. Doo stays in the car, sleepily turning
text: on the radio.
dialog: kw
dialog: 98
dialog: 98-A
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: #02119 62
scene_heading: INT. STUDIO - INTERVIEW - INTERCUT DOO IN CAR - DAY 98
text: A kindly Dd named Hugh Cherry interviews Loretta.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: With all these months of bein' on
dialog: the road, have you hit Nashville yet?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: No, sir, but I'm a-dyin' to. I'm
dialog: gonna get on the Grand Ole Opry,’.
dialog: too, soon as I can.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: Well, sometimes you have to pay a
dialog: lotta dues to get on the Opry.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Pay dues?
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: For most people it takes years and
dialog: years of hard work. Still, from the
dialog: looks of thing --
dialog: {reaches for a
dialog: copy of Cash Box)
dialog: -- you're off to a real good start ---
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (oblivious)
dialog: You reckon? Shoot, we been drivin’
dialog: so much I don't even know where I
dialog: am half the time -- oh, it's fun,
dialog: we just talk and sing and Doo, that's
dialog: my husband, he'll.get to actin'
dialog: horny ---
scene_heading: INT, CAR - DAY 98-A
text: Doo's head jerks up.
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: (startled)
dialog: What -- ?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (oblivious)
dialog: And the more I laugh the hornier he
dialog: gets ---
text: The station goes dead. Doo slides down in the seat.
scene_heading: INT. STATION - DAY 99
text: An irate Station Manager storms around at Loretta as Doo
text: and Hugh Cherry look on.
dialog: fanmreinn
dialog: kw
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: #02119
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 63
dialog: 99
speaker_heading: STATION MANAGER
dialog: I don't know where you think you
dialog: are, lady, but that kind of smut
dialog: don't go in this part of the
dialog: country.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I didn't know it was dirty: I
dialog: thought horny just meant cuttin’
dialog: up and actin' sillv --
speaker_heading: STATION MANAGER
dialog: Come off the dumb hillbilly act,
dialog: lady.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Mister, if you knew Loretta, you'd
dialog: know that ain't no act.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (staunchily)
dialog: Thank you, Doo.
speaker_heading: STATION MANAGER
dialog: I'll be damned lucky if the FCC don't
dialog: lift my license for this. I can
dialog: you one thing: I'll never play any
dialog: record of yours on this station!
text: He slams out. Loretta is miserable.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Dad-dammit, Loretta -- don't you ever
dialog: stop to think what you're sayin?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: You told me not to! And stop a-growlin'
dialog: at me?
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: Don't worry about him, Kids. If
dialog: you're on the charts, you'll get
dialog: played all right. ©
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: What charts?
speaker_heading: HUGH
dialog: You got a hit -~ don't you know that?
dialog: (sees their
dialog: confusion)
dialog: That really isn't an act, is it?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: al
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
speaker_heading: #02119 64
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 2 99
speaker_heading: HUGH (Cont'd)
dialog: Look here -- Cash Box magazine came
dialog: out today, “Honky-Tonk Girl" by
dialog: Loretta Lynn. You really didn't
dialog: know? You're number fourteen,
dialog: nationwide.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Hell, mister, we're new at this....
text: He looks at Loretta; she looks at him, then both burst out
text: laughing and hugging each other. The Station Manager glowers
text: suspiciously through the window....
scene_heading: INT. CAR - MOVING - NIGHT 100
text: Doo drives along at a rapid clip, a little smile keeps playing
text: around his lips, he hums along with a staticky song on the
text: radio. We assume Loretta is asleep in the backseat. Then her
text: head appears behind Doo's. She begins to nuzzle him, run her
text: hands through his hair, onto his chest. Doo gets more and
text: more distracted.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I love you, Doo....
text: His eyes cut back and forth, desperately searching for an exit.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE REST AREA - NIGHT 101
text: The car is parked in the shadows. The rest area is deserted;
text: semi's whine down the interstate nearby. After a moment, Doo
text: gets out of the backseat, looking very contented. Loretta
text: sits up, they look at each other. Smile. Doo drives on as
text: she lies down to sleep.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSEAT OF CAR - PARKED - LORETTA - DAWN 102
text: She is asleep. Silence. She stirs, awakens. Looks in the
text: front seat -- no Doolittle. A little alarmed, she sits up.
text: Looks out the window and discovers they are parked on a city
text: street. She looks around and sees something that makes
dialog: her gasp ---
dialog: al #02119 65
scene_heading: 103 EXT. GRAND OLE OPRY HOUSE - DAWN 103
text: fhe ancient crumbling Ryman Auditorium. In the rising sun,
text: it seems infused with a golden glow...She gets out of the
text: car. The streets are deserted, quiet. She stands in the
text: middle of the street gazing at the old building in awe.
text: Doo comes around the corner with a bag of coffee and dough-
text: nuts. Seeing her awestruck expression, he grins.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: That o1' buildin’ would sure hold
dialog: a lotta hay, wouldn't it?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: That's the Grand Ole Opry, Doo!
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You want chocolate or glazed?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: The Grand Ole Opry...
dialog: (suddenly
dialog: frightened)
dialog: Doo. What if they won't let me
dialog: in there?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: They better let us in. I just spent
dialog: our last livin' cent on these dough-
dialog: nuts.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Besides, how they gonna keep us out?
dialog: We're number fourteen.
dialog: (beat)
text: Nationwide.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: 104 INT. RYMAN AUDITORIUM - NIGHT 104
text: A huge crowd roars, whoops, whistles; Grand Ole Opry Saturday
text: Night. On stage, an announcer, Grant Turner, introduces:
speaker_heading: TURNER
dialog: And now, the Grand Ole Opry presents
dialog: the Pet Milk Show, with Ernest Tubb
dialog: and his Texas Troubadours!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: kw
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
speaker_heading: #02119 66
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 104
text: The crowd goes wild as Ernest sings "Walkin' the Floor Over You."
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE - NIGHT 105
text: Dozens of people milling around, spilling onstage as the show
text: goes on -- friends, relatives, hangers-on, sidemen, and stars.
scene_heading: HANK SNOW, ROY ACUFF, MINNIE PEARL, BILL MONROE, LESTER
dialog: FLATT, etc.
text: In the midst of this glamour are Doo, hiding his nervousness,
text: and Loretta in her homemade dress, looking lost and terrified.
text: A nervous little Stage Manager {who stutters) is calling Lor-
text: etta's name repeatedly, but it can't be heard over the din. ‘
text: Finally she hears it -- her head jerks up in fright -- and
text: she hurries nervously to the little man.
speaker_heading: STAGE MANAGER
dialog: You Loretta Lynn? I been a-callin'
dialog: and a-callin' and -- now Mr. Devine
dialog: said to put you on Ernest's show; now
dialog: you you go stand right yonder and keep
dialog: your eyes on Ernest, and he'll introduce
dialog: you. If the show ain't runnin" too long.
text: He moves off quickly to find somebody else. Loretta, flustered,
text: goes to the wings and waits, very frightened, uncertain.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: What's the matter?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I'm scared, Doo -- scared I don't belong
dialog: here. :
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You belong here as much as anybody --
dialog: stop complainin' and relax.
speaker_heading: LORETTA |
dialog: Nine months ago I hadn't never sung
dialog: for nobody ‘cept you and the kids --
dialog: I ain't ready, Doo. I ain't paid my
dialog: dues to be here!
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Then by God, we'll pay ‘em later on.
text: He starts off.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: kw
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
speaker_heading: #02119 67
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 105
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Where you goin' -~ !
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: If there's one thing I can't stand,
dialog: it's a nervous damn woman, I'm
dialog: gonna get me some air.
text: She's left alone, terrified. Looks out at Ernest Tubb, hoping
dialog: he'll never call her.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY BEHIND RYMAN AUDITORIUM - NIGHT 106
text: Doo comes out the stage door and lights a cigarette -- his
text: hands are shaking wildly. In front of him is the rear entrance
text: to Tootsie's Orchid Lounge -- he sees some musicians coming out
text: of it. He hurries inside,
scene_heading: INT. TOOTSIE'S ORCHID LOUNGE - NIGHT 107
text: Packed with musicians and singers. Pushing up to the bar, he
text: jostles against a sexy redhead who smiles at him drunkenly.
speaker_heading: REDHEAD
dialog: What's your hurry, cowboy?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I'm tryin' to get me a quick beer
dialog: and get back to the Opry ---
speaker_heading: REDHEAD
dialog: Well, you can't be shy -- Hey, Tootsie!
dialog: Wait on this cowboy -- he's ina
dialog: hurry!
scene_heading: INT. RYMAN AUDITORIUM - NIGHT 108
text: Onstage, Ernest Tubb finishes a number.
speaker_heading: ERNEST TUBB
dialog: Thank you, neighbors. Folks, right
dialog: now I want y'all to meet a little gal
dialog: I think you're gonna like a whole lot --
dialog: let's make her feel real welcome now...
dialog: Miss Loretta Lynn!
text: Applause: Tubb turns to her: she freezes. Grant Turner gives
text: her a little shove and she's onstage and singing, growing more
text: and more relaxed and confident as the audience responds.
dialog: al
dialog: 109
dialog: 110
speaker_heading: #02119 68
scene_heading: INT. TOOTSIE'S ~ NIGHT 109
text: Doo still hasn't got his beer, and the Redhead is getting
text: friendler. Behind the bar a radio is tuned to the Opry but
text: it can barely be heard above the noise.
speaker_heading: REDHEAD
dialog: Well, if you ain't a picker, what
dialog: are you?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: My wife's singin' on the Opry. I
dialog: better forget about that drink ---
speaker_heading: REDHEAD
dialog: Oh, I see -= you're one of the
dialog: husbands. Well, I'm one of the
dialog: wives, darlin'. How 'bout one fifth
dialog: wheel buyin' another one a drink?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (suddenly hears
dialog: radio)
dialog: That's her -- she's on right now!
dialog: Goddammit!
scene_heading: INTERCUT - LORETTA PERFORMING - DOO IN TOOTSIE'S 110
dialog: Doo starts back, knows he'll never get there in time; leans
text: over bar and tries to hear the radio. A large man -- Cowboy --
text: comes by and puts his arm around Redhead.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: H'o, sweet thang -- where's that
dialog: big ugly husband of yours? .
speaker_heading: REDHEAD
dialog: Out in the parkin' lot tryin' to get
dialog: sober enough to do his show.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (as they
dialog: laugh loudly)
dialog: Hey, y'all -- I'm tryin' to hear
dialog: the radio ---
speaker_heading: REDHEAD
dialog: He's got a wife singin' on the Opry.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: That right? Hell, you got it made,
dialog: man. Just lay back and count it
text: as the ol' lady rakes it in.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: al
dialog: -_~ 110
dialog: |
dialog: !
dialog: 111
dialog: ao
dialog: 112
speaker_heading: ‘ 113
dialog: '
dialog: \
dialog: on
speaker_heading: #02119 69
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 110
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: {getting mad)
dialog: I do my share of the work, mister.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: Sure you do, hoss.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I told you politely. I'm tryin' to
dialog: hear the radio.
speaker_heading: COWBOY
dialog: That's your job, huh? She sings
dialog: and you listen.
text: Doo whirls and socks Cowboy across the room. In the sudden
text: quiet, Doo hears Loretta finishing her song -- just as Cowboy
text: recovers and leaps on Doo with a smash to the jaw.
scene_heading: INT. OPRY STAGE - NIGHT lll
text: Loretta blinks happily as the applause continues.
speaker_heading: ERNEST TUBB
dialog: Miss Loretta Lynn, neighbors --
dialog: Loretta, how'd you like to come back
dialog: and see us again next week?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Next week...? We-l...shoot, Mr. Tubb.
dialog: I sure ain't got nothin’ else a-goin?
dialog: g'
text: Audience laughs and applauds; Ernest does his closing theme.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE 112
text: People throng around her, congratulating her, as she looks
text: around desperately for Doo. Finally, she spots him at the
text: stage door hastling with the police guard who won't let him
text: back it. She runs for him ---
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY BEHIND RYMAN - NIGHT 113
text: She comes flying out the door and into his arms -- not notic-
text: ing his jaw beginning to swell.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Did you hear ‘em, honey? Did you
dialog: hear ‘em? They liked me!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: kt
dialog: o~ 113
dialog: )
dialog: ot
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
dialog: '
dialog: ‘
dialog: o~
speaker_heading: #02119 70
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 113
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I heard ‘em baby ---
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: They asked me to come back next
dialog: week! It's like a dream, Doo!
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: What we gotta do now is set down
dialog: and plan real careful what to do
dialog: next.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I'm too happy to even think about
dialog: that now! I don't care if I die =
dialog: right now, Doo -~ if I never sing
dialog: another song -- it just ain't never
dialog: gonna get no better than this!
dialog: (sees his jaw)
dialog: You hurt yourself, honey? Your
dialog: jaw's swellin' up ---
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Just from grinnin', baby. Just
dialog: from pure happiness.
scene_heading: EXT. ERNEST TUBB'S RECORD SHOP - NIGHT 114
text: Loretta's voice on loudspeakers to dozens of fans clustered
text: around the record shop door. Fans passing in cars blow their
text: horns and shout, etc. She sings, "I Fall to Pieces."
scene_heading: INT. RECORD SHOP - NIGHT 115
text: Live radio broadcast ("Midnight Jamboree"); fans jammed in
text: among record shelves, etc. After the first verse of "I Fall
dialog: to Pieces" Loretta says:
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Friends, this song is the number:
dialog: one hit by Patsy Cline, and I want
dialog: to dedicate it to her, cause I guess
dialog: y'all heard she's over here in the
dialog: hospital ‘cause she was in a car
dialog: wreck. Patsy, if you're listenin’
dialog: this song is for you. .
text: Sings the last verse. In the audience is Doolittle, two
text: children asleep in his arms, the other two drowsily hanging
text: onto him. He listens, pleased, as she sings.
dialog: kt
dialog: 116
dialog: 116-A
speaker_heading: 116-B
speaker_heading: 02119 71
scene_heading: EXT. RECORD SHOP - LATER 116
text: Show’s over: Loretta and Ernest Tubb sign autographs. Doo
text: pulls the car up and double-parks. The kids are sleeping. A
text: shiny new Cadillac suddenly double-parks in front of him and
text: aman jumps out. Doo sees him go up to Loretta, take her arm
text: and pull her aside, whispering in her ear. Doo growls, throws
text: open the door and heads for the man.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: Doo -- listen here to this: Patsy
dialog: Cline heard me sing her song tonight!
dialog: She's a-wantin' to meet me -- right
dialog: now!
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (offers hand to
dialog: Doo who is still
dialog: suspicious)
dialog: I'm Charlie Dick. Patsy's husband.
speaker_heading: . LORETTA
dialog: Boy, I'd give near anything to meet
dialog: Patsy Cline -- _
dialog: (pleading look
dialog: at Doo)
dialog: But I reckon we gotta get them young
dialog: ‘uns home....?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'll get the kids home. If Patsy
dialog: Cline wants to meet you, then you
dialog: go on and meet her. You can't pass
dialog: up somethin' like this.
text: She happily kisses Doo and gets in Charlie's car and they
text: drive away. Doo gets in his car and takes the kids home.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - NIGHT 116-A
text: Charlie, with something tucked under his coat, leads Loretta
text: down the corridor toward a room. From the room comes loud
text: laughter -- and two nurses come out laughing and shaking their
text: heads as they pass Loretta. Loretta, excited and thrilled as
dialog: any fan, goes tentatively into ---
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT 116-B
text: Loretta draws back, shocked; in bed is a woman with her face
text: bruised and bandaged, her eyes black -- Patsy Cline.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: “~~
dialog: kt
speaker_heading: 116-B
speaker_heading: #02119 72
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 116-8
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Charlie -- you get me beer like I
dialog: told you?
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Right here, Patsy.
text: Pulls a six pack from under his coat; opens one. Patsy gropes
text: for a hospital straw on her bedside table.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: (to Loretta)
dialog: Hand me that straw, willya, honey?
text: Loretta does and Patsy puts in the can and drinks the beer.
text: Charlie kisses Patsy lightly winks at Loretta and exits.
text: Loretta stands staring, speechless, at Patsy drinking the
text: beer through the straw.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: What's the matter? Ain't you never
dialog: seen no glamourous star before?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Want a beer?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (shakes her head)
dialog: Are...are you really Patsy Cline....?
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Are you really Loretta Lynn?
dialog: (Loretta smiles,
dialog: relaxes a little)
dialog: You're stirrin' things up around
dialog: this town, you know that? How many
dialog: times you sung on the Opry now?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: I been on seventeen straight times.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Lotta gals been here a lot longer'n
dialog: you ain't gettin’ on near that much.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They're askin' who you been sleepin’
dialog: with to get on so much.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (shocked)
dialog: I ain’t sleepin' with nobody to get
dialog: nothin’ -- that's the dirtiest
dialog: doggone lie -- who's a-sayin' that?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: o~
dialog: kt
speaker_heading: #02119 73
scene_heading: 116-B CONTINUED - 2 116-8
dialog: 117
dialog: 118
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Gals that are sleepin' with everybody
dialog: and still ain't gettin’ nowhere.
dialog: Whoo -- you got a temper big as your
dialog: voice, ain't you? That's good --
dialog: they both come in handy in this
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: I just can't believe I'm a-standin'
dialog: here talkin' to Patsy Cline! Oh,
dialog: Patsy, sO many good things are a-
dialog: happenin' so fast to me and Doolittle
dialog: -- he's my husband only most people
dialog: calls him Mooney -- and now, meetin'
dialog: you -- Patsy, you ain't mad at me
dialog: for doin' your song tonight, are you?
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Mad? If anything, I'm scared --
dialog: you done it so good, I...
dialog: (stops; has tears
dialog: in her eyes)
dialog: Well. Most people wouldn't've
dialog: thought of singin' to me like that.
dialog: {wipes her eyes)
dialog: Listen: when I get outta here me
dialog: and you gonna go out together and
dialog: raise some hell -~ okay? Us
dialog: country gals orta stick together.
scene_heading: INT. GRAND OLE OPRY STAGE - NIGHT - PATSY 117
text: fully recovered -- very glamourous, smiling, very much a star,
text: sweeps on stage to loud applause and sings "Back in’Baby's
dialog: Arms."
text: In the wings, Loretta stands watching, unconsciously imitating
text: Patsy's movenents. Patsy turns and smiles at her, Loretta
text: smiles back happily. Song continues.
scene_heading: INT. TOOTSIE'S BACKROOM - NIGHT 118
text: Noisy, smoky, crowded with musicians and singers. Patsy
text: bursts in the backdoor with Loretta, waves at acquaintances
text: and heads for a booth where Charlie and Doolittle are drinking,
text: pouring bourbon into "set-ups" under the table.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: 118
dialog: 118-A
speaker_heading: #02119 74
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 118
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: What've y'all two devils been doin'
dialog: besides gettin' in trouble -- don't
dialog: tell me. Hey, Tootsie -- bring us
dialog: two co-colas!
speaker_heading: CHARLIE
dialog: Hey, Patsy, Mooney says he's gonna
dialog: take me squirrel huntin'.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: (trying Charlie's
dialog: drink)
dialog: Don't you bring home no squirrels,
dialog: Charlie Dick. When I left Virginia
dialog: I swore I'd never eat another damn
dialog: squirrel long as I lived.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Boy, I love squirrel meat. Don't
dialog: you like squirrels, Patsy?
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Reckon I must. I married Charlie.
text: Charlie laughs loudly; Patsy hugs him affectionately.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Charlie knows I love him -- but I
dialog: have to remind him ever now and
dialog: then he ain't nothin’ but a damn
dialog: tax deduction.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (picking it up)
dialog: Yeah, Doolittle Lynn, that goes
dialog: for you, too. And don't you forget
dialog: it!
text: Doo doesn't laugh. His eyes narrow.
scene_heading: INT. THEIR NASHVILLE HOUSE - DAY 118-A
text: small, modest house. Doo on phone setting up an appointment
text: for Loretta; she making sandwiches for the kids. Through the
text: window she sees Patsy's Cadillac roar into the driveway. Patsy
text: gets out waving and bursts into the house.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Little gal -- you and Mooney are
dialog: comin' on the road with me. How
dialog: soon can you get ready?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: 118-A
dialog: 119
dialog: 120
speaker_heading: 120-A
dialog: 121
speaker_heading: #02119 75
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 118-A
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: The road...?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: We can't do it, Patsy. We got
dialog: meetin's, record dates ~~~
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: They'll be here when you get back.
dialog: You can't be a country singer
dialog: without you go on the road -~ now
dialog: you gotta go, it's all set.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: We could get my brother to set
dialog: with the kids -- aw, Doo, can't we
dialog: go?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Is Charlie goin'?
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Charlie don't like the road.
dialog: Besides, he's got a day job.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Doggone it, I'm a-goin'. How about
dialog: it, Doo. You comin', too?
text: He looks at her levelly, then nods. Patsy throws her arms
text: around Loretta. Doo goes into the kitchen where the kids are
text: eating, watching curiously.
scene_heading: EXT. PATSY'S BUS - TWO LANE HIGHWAY - DAY 119
text: An old model bus speeds down the highway.
scene_heading: Int. BUS - DAY 120
text: Patsy and Lorraine ride together, looking at sights along the
text: way, laughing. Doo stares out the window nearby. Patsy's
text: band is also aboard.
scene_heading: EXT. HONKY TONK - NIGHT 120-A
text: The bus pulis in behind it.
scene_heading: INT. HONKY TONK ~ NIGHT 121
text: The place is packed as Patsy finishes "Walkin' After Midnight."
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
speaker_heading: #02119 76
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 121
text: Doo and Loretta are in the crowd near the stage. Deo is
text: drinking. Slick Cowboy Number Two comes up to Loretta.
speaker_heading: SLICK NUMBER TWO
dialog: Hey, honey, how ‘bout dancin" one?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (motions to Doo)
dialog: Ask my husband.
text: Slick moves off.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: If you don't get me a weddin' ring
dialog: soon I swear I'm gonna buy my own
dialog: self one.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I'll get you a weddin' ring, don't
dialog: worry.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: When? Our Golden Weddin' day?
text: Patsy is introducing her (ad lib) and she goes on stage.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: This here's a song I wrote about
dialog: my husband. That's him standin'
dialog: right over there, boys, with that
text: mean, jealous look.
dialog: She sings "Don't Come Home A-Drinkin" (With Lovin' On Your
dialog: Mind.)
text: Doo at bar orders drink from the Bartender.
speaker_heading: BARTENDER
dialog: That's your wife up yonder, ain't
dialog: it?
dialog: (Doo nods)
dialog: She makes it and you spend it, huh?
dialog: Boy, you got it made.
text: Doo tenses, considers bashing his face in; doesn't. Turns
text: back and watches Loretta, growling, drinking.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - MOVING - NIGHT 122
text: Doo's asleep. Loretta is a few seats away, a flashlight
text: propped as she writes a song. Patsy wanders up, Loretta stops.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: and
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
speaker_heading: #02119 77
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Don't stop -- I'm just wanderin',
dialog: can't sleep....
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: It wasn't comin', anyway.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: A new song? That's a gift. I wish I
dialog: had, bein' able to write. How do
dialog: you do it?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I just watch to see what me and
dialog: Doolittle is gonna do, and write
dialog: it down.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: {shows a piece
dialog: of paper)
dialog: Here's a new one they sent me. See
dialog: what you think.
dialog: 
text: Patsy sings a few bars of "Sweet Dreams of You."
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Mm. That's pretty.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Ain't it? First time I heard it I
dialog: thought I was gonna cream my jeans.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: What's that mean?
text: Patsy looks at her, then leans over and whispers in her
text: Loretta looks surprised.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Aw, women can't do that.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Can they?
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL FAIRGROUNDS STAGE - NIGHT
dialog: ear.
text: The bus is pulling in behind the outdoor stage where a crew
text: is running sound checks.
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: and
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
speaker_heading: #02119 78
scene_heading: INT. BUS - PARKED - NIGHT 126
text: A curtain strung over the bus' backseats makes a dressing room.
text: room. Mirrors propped on seats, etc. Patsy and Loretta are
dialog: dressing. Sounds of show in b.g.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Don't you ever wear no makeup?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Doo don't like it. He likes me
dialog: natural.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Ain't nothin' more natural than”
dialog: Makeup. Here.
dialog: Tosses Loretta some lipstick, eye liner, powder which Loretta
text: happily puts on with the air of doing something forbidden.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: I'm gonna bring you on right after
dialog: my first song, so be ready.
text: Loretta nods; Patsy goes. Loretta continues making up.
scene_heading: INT. FRONT OF BUS - NIGIT 127
text: deserted except for Doo, slumped in a seat, sipping from a pint
text: bottle. Patsy heard singing in the b.g. Loretta comes out of
text: the back heading for the door, Seeing Doo, she is startled.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: You scared me. What're you doin'
dialog: sittin' there like that?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (peers at her)
dialog: What you got on your face...?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I just thought I'd try it -- you
dialog: like it?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You know I don't like it -- get it
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I said get it off ---
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 127
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
speaker_heading: #02119 79
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 127
text: He lurches out of his seat for her but she quickly runs off
text: the bus toward the stage. Doo stands glowering angrily in the
dialog: dark.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STAGE - NIGHT 128
text: Loretta enters to applause and she and Patsy begin "Sweet
dialog: Dreams of You."
scene_heading: EXT. BACKSTAGE AREA - NIGHT 129
dialog: Intercut with above.
text: As the girls sing in close harmony Doo wanders, resentful,
text: drinking. Near the stage a few cars are pulled up, including
text: a late model convertible with an attractive blonde sitting
text: on the fender, watching the show. Doo looks interestedly at
dialog: her; she returns it....
speaker_heading: OMITTED 130
scene_heading: EXT. AREA NEAR BUS - NIGHT 131
text: Show is over; crowds gone. Bus is running and loaded. Patsy
text: and Loretta walk toward it from the stage -- they've been
text: signing autographs. Loretta suddenly sees the convertible --
text: with Doo and the Blonde kissing inside. The blonde is wearing
text: Doo's hat. Loretta's throat catches; her eyes blaze. She
text: stalks furiously toward the car. The blonde looks up
dialog: startled:
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Woman, if you wanna keep that arm
dialog: you better get it offa my husband ---
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: (defiantly)
dialog: Who you tellin' what?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I'm just about to stop tellin' and
dialog: start hittin' ---
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Well, let me tell you somethin! --
dialog: if you was keepin' your man satis-
dialog: fied he wouldn't have to go nowhere
dialog: else!
text: Loretta starts for her; but the Woman quickly back~pedals
text: around the car. The bus horn honks in the b.g.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
speaker_heading: #02119 80
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 131
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (to Woman)
dialog: I ain't got time to fool with you
dialog: now.
dialog: (to Doolittle)
dialog: You come on, if you can walk --
dialog: they gonna leave without us.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: {they hurry
dialog: for the bus)
dialog: I can walk all right. What're you
dialog: gettin’ in such an uproar about? I
dialog: wasn't doin' nothin' anyway.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Yeah, I saw you doin' nothin’ ---
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I got tired of standin' around by
dialog: myself -- I need somebody to talk
dialog: to ---
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: That didn't look like no talkin’
dialog: to me ---
text: She gets on the bus; he follows.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - NIGHT 132
text: The others watch as they continue the fight.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I'm warning you ~- I better not
dialog: ever catch you with trash like
dialog: that again ---
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Don't you warn me about nothin',
dialog: woman -- you hear me? Not about
dialog: nothin'!
text: They realize everybody is watching them. They sit in
text: separate seats, still furious. Patsy looks concerned. The
text: bus pulls out.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - DAY = MOVING 133
text: Doo slumps, glowering, hung over. Loretta is angry too,
text: scribbling furiously on a piece of paper. The rest of the
text: bus watches them as if they were about to explode.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: Tw
dialog: 133
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
speaker_heading: #02119 81
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 133
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (after a
dialog: moment)
dialog: Doo? Listen here to this.
dialog: (reads from
dialog: paper)
dialog: ‘Women like you are a dime a dozen
dialog: you can find 'em anywhere. For you
dialog: to move in I'd have to move over
dialog: and I'm gonna stay right here.
dialog: It'll be over my dead body so get
dialog: out while you can. ‘Cause you ain't
dialog: woman enough to take my man.‘
text: The others watch tensely as Doo growls, raises his bloodshot
dialog: eyes.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Where'n the hell you get the idea
dialog: for them things, I'll never know.
text: Loretta looks at him incredulously -- he grins. Then. she
text: grins. He puts his arm around her as the others look on in
dialog: amazement.
scene_heading: INT. RECORDING STUDIO - DECCA - DAY 134
text: Owen Bradley supervises a large professional recording session
text: of "You Ain't Woman Enough." Doo and the kids watch proudly
text: from the booth.
scene_heading: EXT. NASHVILLE STREET - DAY 135
text: Patsy's Cadillac pulls up to the curb in front of an expensive
text: women's store and she and Loretta get out, waving good-bye to
text: Doo and Charlie in the car.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Y'all go somewhere and get in
dialog: trouble -- me and Loretta gonna do
dialog: some heavy spendin'!
text: The car roars off and the women, dressed in western outfits
dialog: and boots, go into ---
scene_heading: INT. EXPENSIVE WOMEN'S WEAR STORE - DAY 136
text: An "Old Nashville" store, staid and snobbish. Loretta is a
text: little intimidated, but not Patsy.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: o~
dialog: nw
dialog: 136
speaker_heading: #02119
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: She moves
dialog: 82
dialog: 136
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: (to blue-haired
dialog: Saleslady)
dialog: Hey, honey? We need a major over-
dialog: haul here -- I want you to turn
dialog: this little heifer into a thorough-
dialog: bred mare. Can you handle that?
speaker_heading: SALESLADY
dialog: (stiffly)
dialog: We'll need some measurements. I'11l
dialog: get my tape.
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Nashville's just full of people
dialog: that wishes there wasn't any country
dialog: people in country music.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: You was talkin’ to her kind of smart.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: I talk to her the way I talk to
dialog: everybody. She's the kind talks
dialog: different dependin' on how much
dialog: money she's talkin’ to.
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Lord, look at that -- I gotta have
dialog: me that!
text: She rushes to a lingerie display and looks at a mannequin
dialog: wearing a
text: brief shortie nightgown -- bright red.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: I gotta have one. You get one,
dialog: too -- give ol' Mooney a charge.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I need to give him somethin', way
dialog: he's been actin' lately.
text: The Saleslady returns, all smiles now, with a smiling Manager.
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: Miss Cline, it's a pleasure to
dialog: welcome you to our store.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Thank you, darlin’. Listen -- I
dialog: want you to fix this little gal
text: up right -- top to bottom, inside
dialog: and out, the works, okay? Oh --
dialog: and wrap up one of them red night-
dialog: gowns for me. Red's the color
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 137-A
speaker_heading: #02119 83
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 2
speaker_heading: PATSY (Cont'd)
dialog: drives men wild -- you know that,
dialog: honey?
speaker_heading: SALESLADY
dialog: (graciously)
dialog: It surely is, yes indeed. Just
dialog: come with me, miss.
text: She leads Loretta off to a fitting room as Patsy grins.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - LATE AFTERNOON
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
text: In the Cadillac, Charlie dozes in the front seat. Doo seethes
text: in the back with a bottle. Looks up and sees ---
scene_heading: PATSY AND LORETTA - PARKING LOT
dialog: 137-A
text: coming towards the car, Loretta looking beautiful and cityish
text: in a new dress, hairdo, ané@ makeup. She steps up to Doo
text: proudly. He looks up at her.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: What do you think, Doo?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Get that junk off your face.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: No. I like it and it's a-stayin'.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: {getting threateningly
dialog: out of the car)
dialog: You know I don't like that stuff.
dialog: You just testin' me -- is that it?
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Hey, hold on a minute now -- look,
dialog: Mooney, it was my idea, but just
dialog: look at her -- she's beautiful ~--
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: You don't have to explain nothin’ to
dialog: him, Patsy. If I want to wear makeup
dialog: I'll wear it ---
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You'll do what I tell you -- by
dialog: God, I raised you the way I wanted
dialog: you and you ain't gonna change now ---
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: You can't boss me no more! I'll
dialog: do like I want to -- you ain't my
dialog: daddy!
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: 137-A
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
speaker_heading: #02119 84
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 137-A
text: Doo slaps her hard; she reels back, then goes at him with
text: fists, feet, etc. They fight viciously as a crowd gathers
text: -- recognizing her and Patsy, snapping away with cameras.
text: Loretta swings her purse at his head -- Doo throws up his
text: hand to block it -- and the purse hits his finger with an
text: audible pop. He draws back, cursing, holding his finger.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Get in the car y'all -- hurry ---
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (worried as Doo
dialog: clutches his
dialog: finger)
dialog: Is it broke, Doo? Maybe we orta
dialog: find a doctor ---
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I'll find all the damn doctor I
dialog: need myself!
text: He stalks off across the parking lot. Patsy pulls Loretta --
text: looking regretfully at Doo -- into the car and they speed
dialog: off.
scene_heading: INT. NASHVILLE HOUSE - NIGHT 138
text: Loretta, makeup gone from her face, folds the new dress into
text: a box, to return it. She is in pain -- a migraine headache.
text: She stops what she's doing, clutching her temples. Takes
text: some aspirin. She hears a car in the driveway, looks out
dialog: and sees --- .
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY - HER POINT OF VIEW - NIGHT 139
text: A taxi cab lets Doo out. He comes slowly to the house.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSE - NIGHT 140
text: He comes in, avoiding her eyes. His finger is bandaged.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: It's really busted, huh?
text: He starts for the bedroom.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Ain't you gonna talk, Doo? I know
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: mw
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
speaker_heading: #02119 85
speaker_heading: CONTINUED : 140
speaker_heading: LORETTA (Cont'd)
dialog: what happened today, it wasn't
dialog: about me wearin' no makeup. Why
dialog: don't you talk to me?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: I think what I'm gonna do...is get
dialog: me a job somewhere. Truck drivin’,
dialog: mechanicin', somethin' I'm good
dialog: ate.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: You're good at managin' me. I
dialog: wouldn't be here if it wasn't for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Gettin' here's one thing. Bein'
dialog: here's another. My job's done. So
dialog: I'll just find me another'n.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: If this is gonna break us up then
dialog: I'll quit, Doo. I mean it.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Successful people can't quit, baby.
dialog: {sees her holding
dialog: her head)
dialog: Got another one of your headaches?
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Just like your daddy. Coal dust
dialog: give him his headaches. I guess
dialog: I'm what gives ‘em to you...
dialog: (takes something
dialog: from his pocket)
dialog: Figure it was about time.
text: It's a wedding ring. She looks at it, starts to cry. They
dialog: hold each other.
scene_heading: INT. SERVICE STATION - DAY 141
text: Doo works on a car on a rack, favoring his still-bandaged
text: finger. Radio plays "You Ain't Woman Enough." He smiles.
scene_heading: INT. PATSY CLINE'S LIVING ROOM - DAY 142
text: A modern, sunken room: Patsy's small son Randy rocks vigor-
text: ously on a hobby horse. Patsy sits embroidering a tablecloth,
text: listening to a tape of herself singing "Crazy." A knock at
dialog: the door: Loretta.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: kt
dialog: 142
speaker_heading: 02119
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 86
dialog: 142
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: you must be a mind reader: I was
dialog: just gonna call you to come and
dialog: listen to this new stuff I cut --
dialog: come on in.
text: Patsy goes to start the tape again; doesn't notice Loretta's
text: worried expression.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: (cueing the tape)
dialog: I'm a little worried about maybe
dialog: I'm gettin' too far away from
dialog: country -- tell me what you think.
dialog: {sees her mood)
dialog: What's wrong, honey?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Patsy...I'm pregnant again....
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Randy...go play in the other room,
dialog: darlin’...
dialog: (he goes)
dialog: I guess with four others, you're
dialog: pretty sure....?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (néds)
dialog: I don't wanna have it, Patsy. I
dialog: been haven' babies since I was
dialog: fourteen -- I'm gettin' to be a
dialog: stranger to the ones I already got ---
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: (holds her)
dialog: Easy, little gal...there's ways of
dialog: ...not havin' babies. Yours
dialog: wouldn't be the first that come
dialog: along at the wrong time. You under-
dialog: stand, honey?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I ain't got no right not to want to
dialog: have this baby. I'm just selfish,
dialog: Patsy, just thinkin’ of me.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: What's Mooney think?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I think maybe he's thinkin' it'll
dialog: get us back like we used to be.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: kt #02119 87
scene_heading: 142 CONTINUED - 2 142
speaker_heading: LORETTA (Cont'd)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I gotta get home to the kids. I
dialog: didn't even get to hear your tape.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Plenty of time later for that --
dialog: hey, wait a minute. I got some
dialog: stuff to give you.
text: She gets a cardboard box full of clothes from the closet.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Somehow these doggone clothes has
dialog: just hung here in the closet and
dialog: shrunk. Includin' this.
text: She holds up the red shortie nightgown.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: (winks)
dialog: Red'd the color drives ‘em wild,
dialog: honey.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Doo's wild enough all ready.
scene_heading: 143 EXT. PATSY'S HOUSE - DAY 143
text: They walk to Loretta's car.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Listen, I'm doin’ a benefit over in
dialog: Kansas City this weekend but when I
dialog: get back, we'll go do some shoppin‘
dialog: for the baby -- okay?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Thanks, Patsy. For everything.
text: She starts to get into the car.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Hey -- ain't you gonna hug me
dialog: goodbye?
text: Loretta puts the box down and embraces Patsy.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: You're the only friend I got, Patsy.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: kt
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
speaker_heading: #02119 88
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 143
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Me and you, little gal, we're
dialog: gonna stick together, no matter
dialog: what.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM ~ MORNING 144
text: Doo and Loretta sleep, she's wearing the shortie nightgown.
text: The clock radio clicks on playing Patsy's "Sweet Dreams of
text: you." Loretta comes awake, smiles sleepily, hearing Patsy.
text: Doo stirs.
speaker_heading: RADIO
dialog: {as song ends)
dialog: We'll continue our special memorial
dialog: tribute to the late Patsy Cline in
text: a moment. Patsy Cline, dead at 29,
dialog: in a plane crash yesterday.
text: Loretta stumbles out of bed to the phone, tremblingly tries
text: to dial. Doo quickly comes after her.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: What are you doin', baby ---
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: She can't be dead -- we was goin’
dialog: shoppin’ ~--
text: Doo gently takes the phone from her.
scene_heading: INT. PATSY'S LIVING ROOM - NIGHT - HER COFFIN 145
text: with Patsy's framed photograph on it, in the midst of dozens
text: of mourners; acres of flowers. Charlie Dick is dissolved in
text: grief. Loretta sits, isolate, in a folding chair, staring at
text: the coffin. Doo looks at her from across the room.
scene_heading: DOO'S POINT OF VIEW 146
text: He sees her look up suddenly as if spoken to. Her lips move.
text: She smiles. Doo gets very frightened.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - MOVING - NIGHT - HARD RAIN 147
text: Doo drives them home down a dark Nashville street.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: One thing we gotta do is find us
dialog: a bigger house for when the baby
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: kt
dialog: 147
speaker_heading: #02119
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: Doo turns
dialog: 89
dialog: 147
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE (Cont'd)
dialog: comes. You gotta think about how
dialog: much time you're gonna take off.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I'm gonna get back to work soon's
dialog: I can walk.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: All right....
text: the car down a dark street.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You gotta start makin' some pre-
dialog: parations for your baby ---
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Your baby you mean.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: What do you mean by that?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: You got me pregnant again so you
dialog: can run me like you used to ---
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: That's a damn lie!
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: All my life it's been people
dialog: runnin' me -- Daddy, then you --
dialog: Patsy told me I gotta run myself,
dialog: like she did, she said ---
text: She screams -- out of nowhere a train whistle blasts: Doo
dialog: slams the
text: breaks, skids -- as a freight train roars inches in
text: front of them on a blind crossing. Both sit trembling as the
text: train rumbles past in front of the rain-smeared windshield.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Patsy talked to me, she said we
dialog: were gonna stick together, no
dialog: matter what ---
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Stop that -- you listen to me!
text: Patsy's dead and gone -- just like
dialog: your Daddy's dead and gone: They
dialog: can't talk to you, they can't do
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: kt
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
speaker_heading: #02119 90
speaker_heading: CONTINUED - 2 147
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE (Cont'd)
dialog: nothin' -- they're dead! I'm the
dialog: one that's alive! I'm the one that's
dialog: here!
text: The train rattles past in the rain. Both calm themselves,
text: look tentatively at each other....
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL WAITING AREA - DAY 148
text: A nurse brings out a baby girl and hands it to Doo. He
text: cradles it happily. Then another nurse comes out with another
text: baby girl and agives it to him. He stands, shocked, holding
text: the twins. A doctor comes out and looks at him -- Doo's face
text: breaks into a large grin.
scene_heading: INT. RECOVERY ROOM - DAY 149
text: Loretta in bed holds the two babies. Doo is nearby.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I got the names, Doo. Peggy and
dialog: Patsy.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Which one's which?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (leoks at them,
dialog: puzzles)
dialog: I don't know.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Reckon we'll just have to wait to
dialog: see who grows up to be who.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: One thing's for sure. We can't put
dialog: off no longer findin' us a bigger
dialog: house somewhere.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: But right now, you gotta get some
dialog: rest.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I ain't got time to get no rest.
dialog: I'm goin' back to work, Doo, quick
dialog: as I can. I'm started now, started
dialog: real good, and I'm gonna keep a-goin'.
dialog: I'm gonna work just as hard as I can
dialog: as long as I can. So when I die,
dialog: everybody's gonna know I been here....
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: kt
dialog: 149
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
speaker_heading: #02119 91
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 149
text: Doo listens, says nothing.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
speaker_heading: MONTAGE 150
text: Camera reveals the extent of Hurricane Mills inside and out:
text: The ante-bellum mansion, the descending concrete steps with
text: Loretta's and Mooney's name inlaid; the mill house and pond;
text: and inside, the stairwell lined with dozens of framed album
text: covers; walls lined with awards of all kinds. Mingled with
text: these images are shots of Loretta's modern bus roaring down
text: a highway; then a large auditorium, a cheering crowd, her
text: band, the Coal Miners, on stage in orange jumpsuits, an
dialog: introduction: "Ladies and Gentlemen, the First Lady of
dialog: Country Music, the only woman to win Entertainer of the Year;
dialog: one of the country's most admired women -- Miss Loretta Lynn!"
text: Loretta sweeps on stage, a full-blown star now, in her charac-
text: teristic long dress and long hair. She sings, enjoying her-
text: self. (Music over montage: "The Pill", "One's on the Way",
text: and finally, Loretta performing "You're Lookin’ at Country.)
scene_heading: INT. AUDITORIUM - LATER 151
text: Show is over, seats are empty -- but hundreds of fans are
text: lined up for autographs, passing before Loretta like pilgrims
text: at a shrine, as she leans down to them from the edge of the
text: stage. Fans buy pictures, albums, at tables set up nearby
text: and hold them up to be autographed. Many fans are in wheel-
text: chairs or elderly. Children are passed up to be photographed
text: with her. There is genuine affection between her and the
text: fans; she smiles and banters with each of them (ad lib) as
text: the selling and packing up goes on around her.
speaker_heading: FANS
dialog: (1) Loretta, next time you're here
dialog: you gonna come and eat some catfish
dialog: with us, you hear? (2) Will you
dialog: hug my little girl while I take
dialog: y'all's picture? I bet you miss
dialog: your twins, don't you? (3) Old
dialog: Man in Wheelchair: I had this
dialog: stroke and 'bout. near died and I
dialog: said. no. sir. I ain't a-fixin' to
dialog: die 'til I get Loretty Lynn to give
dialog: me a big ol' kiss?
scene_heading: MIDDLE-~AGED WOMAN
dialog: Loretta, where's that husband of
dialog: yours, that Mooney?
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: 1f1
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 02119 . 92
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 151
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Honey, he stayed home and went
dialog: a-huntin'. But I don't know what
dialog: he’s a-huntin'.
speaker_heading: SECOND WOMAN
dialog: I was readin' about him in one of
dialog: them gossip papers -- drinkin’ and
dialog: cheatin'. Why in the world do you
dialog: put up with it?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Well, darlin', there wasn't but one
dialog: man ever perfect in this world, and
dialog: they crucified him. Thank the Lord,
dialog: I don't ever have to worry about
text: Doolittle gettin' crucified.
scene_heading: EXT, HURRICANE MILLS - HOUSE AND DRIVEWAY - DAY 152
text: A modern jeep roars up the driveway containing Doo and the
text: twins -- now’six years’old. Jeep stops -- twins leap out and
text: run for the house, Doo chases them and.scoops them up under
text: his arms and runs inside.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - DAY 153
text: Doo kicks open the door, plops the twins down, turns on the
text: bathtub as the girls start peeling off their dirty playclothes.
text: Doo wears muddy farmclothes and caterpillar cap and is unshaven.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Don't splash water all over the floor
dialog: now -- Patsy, you scrub’ them feet
dialog: good. You're dirty as a little pig.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
text: She looks like a pig, too.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Well, if I look like one then you
dialog: do, too!
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Your lama's comin' home soon. and
dialog: ya'll gonna act like ladies instead
dialog: of heatherns.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: 1fl
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
speaker_heading: 02119 93
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 153
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Aw, she'll just be sleepin' the
dialog: whole times she’s here anway.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Hey, Daddy: -- can we have pork chops
dialog: for supper? We want pork chops!
text: They jump into the tub, splashing. Doo exits.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM —- DAY 154
text: Doo goes to a large mantel which contains photos of the older
text: children: Ernest Ray in warine's uniform; Betty Sue with
text: husband; Jack and Cissy grown. From behind a photograph of
text: himself and Loretta he fishes a pint of Old Charter and drinks.
text: Then goes toward kitchen.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE CORRIDOR - NIGHT 155
text: Loretta, exhausted, being led by Jim Webb, her driver, towards
text: the exit. Dozens of fans hurrying along beside her. A
text: Sad-Faced woman stops her:
speaker_heading: SAD-FACED WOMAN
dialog: Loretta, I wanted to tell you, when
dialog: you sing...I feel like you're talkin’
dialog: about my life. I made this for you.
text: Hands Loretta a doll made in her image. Loretta, touched, hugs
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: SAD-FACED WOMAN
dialog: (solicitously)
dialog: You look so tired. Are you all right?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I'm beat, honey. Feel like I been
text: on the road forever.
text: She smiles and turns to go when suddenly a pair of scissors
text: flashes into her hair -- she screams. Jim Webb curses and
text: hurries her out the door. A fan -- a-plump, gum-chewing
text: woman -~ proudly displays a swatch of Loretta's hair to her
dialog: friends.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - LORETTA'S COMPARTMENT - MOVING - NIGHT 156
text: She is in the throes of a migraine headache. She finds some
text: pills, takes them, lies back and tries to sleep.
dialog: kt
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
speaker_heading: #02119 94
scene_heading: EXT. BUS - HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: Bus whines down the dark, endless highway....
scene_heading: EXT. HURRICANE MILLS - DAY
text: Doo operates a backhoe making a drainage ditch at the
text: of the yard; the twins ride with him. The bus passes on the
text: road and turns up the driveway; Doo roars after it on
dialog: backhoe.
scene_heading: EXT. DRIVEWAY - DAY
text: The bus stops; Doo and the twins jump off the backhoe
text: move to the bus. Loretta gets off, looking tired and
text: Doo goes to her, the twins hang back.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Hi, baby. How you feelin'?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Tired.
dialog: (sees Peggy)
dialog: Hey, twin -- get over here and
dialog: gimme a hug.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: (sullen)
dialog: My name ain't twin.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: When do you reckon I'm gonna be
dialog: able to tell y'all apart?
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Prob'ly never.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Y'all mind your manners or I'm
dialog: gonna beat some little butts --
dialog: help Jim get Mama's stuff off the
dialog: bus.
text: They start for the house.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Got a lot to show you around here.
dialog: Broke about fifty acres of that
dialog: bottomland, ready for plantin'.
dialog: Plus I finally got around to re-
dialog: modellin' that kitchen -- wait'll
dialog: you see what I done to it ---
text: Inside the phone rings. Doo curses under his breath.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: How they know the minute you're
dialog: home beats the hell outta me.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
dialog: foot
dialog: the
dialog: 159°
dialog: and
dialog: sick.
speaker_heading: 1f1
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
speaker_heading: 02119 95
speaker_heading: CONTINUED . 159
text: He storms inside to the phone. The twins dart past with some
text: of her luggage. She stops them.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Listen...Mama could tell y'all apart...
dialog: ‘cept I'm just so tired....
text: They look at each other, turn and run into the house. Inside
text: Doo is heard on the phone: "She just got home, give her a
text: break, willya?" Etc. She stands looking at the house a moment,
text: then goes in.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - NIGHT 160
text: The doll from the Sad-Faced Fan is on a shelf with dozens of
text: others. Loretta moves in and out of the bathroom getting ready
text: for bed. Doo lounges, obviously hoping they'll make love
text: tonight. He watches as she looks at her hair in the mirror.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You do somethin’ to your hair?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: This fan cut it for me.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Looks good.
text: She gives him a look.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You look skinny. You eatin' enough
dialog: on the road?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: "Bout like usual, I been havin' my
dialog: headaches like Daddy used to have.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You takin' anything for it?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: These pills. But they don't do no
dialog: good. Ain't nothin' does no good.
dialog: Just a family ailment, in our blood.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Maybe you orta slow down some.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
speaker_heading: 1f1
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
speaker_heading: 02119 96
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 160
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: If you slow down, they forget about
dialog: you.
text: (starts for bed, sees him
text: looking hopefully at her)
dialog: I gotta rest, Doo.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I ain't gonna bother you. Don't
dialog: worry.
text: He turns and goes. She takes some sleeping pills, turns out the
text: light.
scene_heading: EXT. MILLPOND AND BRIDGE - NIGHT 161
text: Under the stream of the milldam is a row of spotlights: a
text: gunshot; one explodes; another shot, another explodes...On the
text: bridge is Doo with a rifle, methodically shooting out the lights.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 162
text: Doo comes in with a bottle. The phone rings piercingly.
text: Cursing he picks it up.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: It's one o'clock in the mornin’ --
dialog: what the hell do you want?
dialog: (listens; sighs)
dialog: Loretta ain't here now, lady, she's
dialog: on the road. How'd you get this
dialog: number?
dialog: (listens; shakes
text: his head sadly;
dialog: continues soothingly)
dialog: Take it easy now, lady. Don't cry.
dialog: I'll give Loretta your message. You
dialog: liked her last album a lot. She
dialog: loves you, too. She'll pray for you,
dialog: too. Stop cryin', now, honey. Will
dialog: you? Just stop cryin'...and get
dialog: yourself some sleep. It'll be
dialog: better in the mornin’. Naw, you
dialog: didn't wake me up. What? Yeah,
dialog: that's right, darlin’. It's a lots
dialog: of lonesome people in this world.
dialog: Good night, now.
dialog: kt
dialog: 163
speaker_heading: #02119 97
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 163
text: Loretta comes in in her bathrobe, sees Doo sleeping on the
text: sofa in his clothes, the bottle nearby. She looks at him,
text: disturbed. Hearing the twins outside, she looks out the
text: window and sees them playing in the yard. Starts to go
text: out when she sees a station wagon full of fans pulled up
text: in the driveway, snapping pictures of the twins who blithely
text: ignore them. The fans spot her, she ducks back inside, they
text: wave and shout enthusiastically. Doo stirs, gets up, comes
dialog: to the window. ~
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: I'll go tell 'em they ain't supposed
dialog: to be up here...I swear I'm gonna
dialog: build another damn house somewheres.
dialog: Just let ‘em have this one.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Everything we got we owe them.
dialog: Leave ‘em alone.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: We're the ones have to Live with it,
dialog: not you. You ain't here long
dialog: enough.
text: A female fan outside keeps yelling "Loretta?" over and over:
dialog: “Can you come out, Loretta?"
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Listen, Doo. I want you to come
dialog: out on the road with me this time.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You know what happens when I get
text: out on the road.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: It ain't just the road that's your
dialog: problem. When I come in here this
dialog: mornin', seen you a-layin' there
dialog: like that...well, me and you gotta
dialog: get together and see if we got
dialog: anything left. Anyway, I need you
dialog: out there. I'm gettin' run to death.
text: The fan keeps calling: Suddenly she goes outside. Doo stands
text: thoughtfully looking out the window as she smiles and poses
dialog: with the twins.
dialog: kt
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: 167
dialog: 168
speaker_heading: #02119 98
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE AUDITORIUM - NIGHT 164
text: Doo bursts through a stage entrance leading Loretta, the
text: usual backstage throngs converge on her, reaching for her.
text: They move quickly through the backstage area to the wings
text: of a large stage. They stop. She waits, poised as she's
text: being introduced (by Don, the front man, onstage). Doo
text: looks at her, but her concentration is on the audience. She
text: enters, sweeping on stage, smiling, waving, become instantly
text: her public self. Flashbulbs explode, audience roars.
text: Doo is left alone. He watches a moment as she begins a new
text: song. Then he begins to wander, nothing to do. Old trapped
text: feeling comes over him. He heads for the stage door and out ---
scene_heading: EXT. THE BUS - NIGHT 165
text: He walks to the bus and gets on.
scene_heading: INT. THE BUS - NIGHT 166
text: Bus empty except for two men at the drop-down table counting
text: money, which they deal into stacks of ones, fives, tens,
text: twentys. Doo lies down and pulls his hat over his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. THE STAGE - NIGHT 167
text: Loretta sings the new song, having trouble remembering the
text: words. She turns to the leader, Dave, who calls out the
text: lyrics to her. She goes on; stumbling, getting angry at
dialog: herself.
scene_heading: INT. THE BUS 168
text: Doo half-asleep looks up quickly as Loretta storms on angrily,
text: says nothing, stalks straight back to her compartment.
text: Musicians file on. Dave, the leader, quietly gives Doo a roll
text: of quarter-inch tape.
speaker_heading: DAVE
dialog: Could you give this to her, Mooney?
dialog: It's the new song, she had some
dialog: trouble with the words tonight....
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (looks back at
dialog: closed compartment)
dialog: Yeah...I'll catch her with it later.
text: Jim Webb begins moving the bus onto the road.
dialog: kt
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
dialog: 171
speaker_heading: #02119 99
scene_heading: EXT. INTERSTATE - DAY : 1639
text: Bus whooshes down the interstate.
scene_heading: INT. LORETTA'S COMPARTMENT - NIGHT 170
text: She sleeps restlessly; shades are drawn; could be day or night;
dialog: bus could be moving or stopped (should be the illusion that
text: this scene is continuous with the previous one). She sudden-
text: ly jerks awake, peeks through curtains -- the bus is stopped,
text: we are in anonymous, impersonal backstage area. A few fans
text: see her and flash their cameras. She closes the curtains.
text: Touches her head in pain.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Doo. Doo? What time is it, Doo?
text: No answer. She gets up and takes some pills for her headache.
text: Starts getting dressed when she sees the tape marked "new
text: song." Starts to put it on her tape machine when she drops
text: it -- and the tape spills out everywhere. Upset she tries to
dialog: rewind it, makes it worse.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Doo? Doo! Is it time for me to go
dialog: on?
text: Her head is worse, she almost faints. Tangled in the tape
text: she gets to her feet, can hardly stand. She opens the door
text: to the bus -- it's empty, dark.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Doo! Doolittle...!
text: Closes the door, sags back onto her bed, in great pain. She
text: looks at the pill bottle -- can't remember whether she's taken
dialog: any or not. Takes some more.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE CORRIDOR - NIGHT 171
text: Doo coming down the corridor towards the stage door. Loretta
text: comes in, alone, her face looking drawn and sick.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I was just comin' to get you. You
dialog: ready?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Where you been...You're supposed to
dialog: take care of me....
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: kt
dialog: 1721
dialog: 172
speaker_heading: #02119 100
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 171
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: That's what I'm doin', ain't it?
dialog: Let's go.
text: He hurries her down the corridor through the usual throngs.
scene_heading: INT. THE WINGS - NIGHT 172
text: He escorts her to the edge of the stage; she is dazed, nervous.
text: He doesn't see.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You learn that song?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: What song...?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: That new song -- I give you the
dialog: tape. You was supposed to learn
dialog: it ---
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (upset)
dialog: I don't know it, Doo -- I didn't
dialog: learn it ---
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Take it easy. Drop it for tonight.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I can't sing tonight, Doo. Get
dialog: somebody to tell ‘em,
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You can sing all right. Them
dialog: people out there paid good money
dialog: to hear you, You ain't gonna let
dialog: ‘em down,
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I ain't gonna sing, Doo!
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: You wanted me to come along to
dialog: take care of you -- well, that's
dialog: just what I'm gonna do, just like
dialog: I always done when you get like
dialog: this. I may not can do anything
dialog: else for you anymore but I can sure
dialog: as hell kick your rear end out
dialog: there and make you sing.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: kt
dialog: 172
dialog: 173
dialog: #02119 . 101
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 172
text: She looks at him, says nothing. A little smile comes on her
dialog: lips.
text: Onstage, Don the front man, begins his introduction.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You listen good now, Doo...you
dialog: gonna listen...?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: (puzzled)
dialog: Sure I'll listen... always do....
text: She goes onstage; Doo watches with a worried expression.
scene_heading: INT. THE STAGE - NIGHT 173
text: The Coal Miners vamp the intro to the new song. She goes to
text: the mike, peers out: Flashbulbs explode in her face, as always.
text: The audience is a dark, inextinguishable presence. She misses
text: her cue, band looks worried. She turns and stops them.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (in microphone)
dialog: I had somethin’ I wanted to come
dialog: out here and tell y'all tonight...
dialog: but Doo, now he don't want me to
dialog: say nothin', but...I can tell you,
dialog: friends...see, things are a-movin'
dialog: too fast in my life, always have,
dialog: I mean, shoot, one day I was a
dialog: little girl and the next day I was
dialog: a wife and a mother and...one day
dialog: I was a-keepin' house and the next
dialog: day I was out here in ‘front of
dialog: y'all...and Patsy, she's always
dialog: sayin', little gal, you gotta run
dialog: your own life, but...my life's a-
dialog: runnin' me...and I....
text: Doo watches, helpless, from the wings. She stops talking,
text: stares blankly out at the audience, which is absolutely
text: silent, as if the hall were empty. Finally two band members
text: gently lead her to the wings. She looks at Doo as if he
text: were a stranger, then collapses. He catches her, picks her
text: up in his arms. Confusion all around: "Get a doctor!"
text: “Bring her this way!" etc. Doo starts down the corridor,
text: faster and faster until he is almost running. His eyes
text: are filled with tears.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
dialog: mli
dialog: 174
dialog: 175
speaker_heading: #02119 102
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - HURRICANE MILLS ~ DAY - LORETTA 174
text: asleep, wakes up, looks around -- the dolls, the needlepoint,
text: the pictures and fan-painted portraits of herself; finally, the
text: twins standing at her bed, staring at her. She smiles, they
text: smile, tentatively.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (to Peggy)
dialog: How ya' doin’...
dialog: (slight hesitation)
dialog: Peggy.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: Just fine, Mama.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: And how you doin', Patsy.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: That's Patsy -- I'm Peggy.
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: That's the biggest lie -- she is
dialog: too Patsy, Mama!
text: Patsy laughs happily at her joke; both girls jump in bed and
text: Loretta hugs them happily.
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Daddy says you gotta get up, right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Oh, he does, does he?
speaker_heading: PEGGY
dialog: . Yeah -- he says everybody's waitin' ---~
speaker_heading: PATSY
dialog: Blabbermouth -- you're gonna ruin
dialog: everthing!
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: What's goin' on here...?
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT YARD - HURRICANE MILLS - DAY - LORETTA 175
text: comes out and sees a family reunion -- tables on the lawn,
text: covered dishes, mounds of food of all kinds. Clara, Doc
text: Turner, the Coal Miners Band, other friends and neighbors,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: mill
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
speaker_heading: #02119 103
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 175
dialog: and all her children, grown, including Betty Sue (and husband)
text: holding a baby. Loretta, touched, happy, hugs them all. Doo‘is
text: nowhere in sight.
speaker_heading: BETTY SUE
dialog: (holding up baby
dialog: to Loretta)
dialog: Looks like Daddy, doesn't he, Mama?
dialog: {to baby) .
dialog: Can you say hi to your grandma?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: (to baby)
dialog: You better not call me grandma --
dialog: just Say Loretta.
speaker_heading: CLARA
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Are you gonna be all right now,
dialog: honey?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I think so, Mommie. Doctor says I
dialog: was just wore out and if I didn't
dialog: slow down some I was gonna work my-
dialog: self to death. That's what they
dialog: said happened to Daddy, ain't it?
dialog: Well, I ain't gonna let it happen
dialog: to me. Where's Doolittle?
text: Someone yells "Come and get it" and they all gather around the
text: tables. She looks around but can't spot Doo; then she sees | —
dialog: him ---
scene_heading: EXT. CORRAL - DAY 176
text: Amid the huge Belgian horses Doo is barely visible, leaning
text: against the stable in his dirty work clothes, watching.
text: Loretta comes to the fence.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Doo? Ain't you gonna eat?
text: He looks at her, says nothing. Then climbs over the fence,
text: motions her to get in his jeep.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Come on with me. I wanna show you
dialog: somethin’.
text: She hesitates, but gets in. They drive off.
dialog: mll
dialog: 177
dialog: 178
speaker_heading: #02119 104
scene_heading: INT. JEEP - DAY ~ MOVING 177
text: Silent, Doo drives down a gravel road, Loretta both curious
text: and exasperated. Suddenly he turns off the road and goes
text: cross-country up a wooded hill. She hangs on for life.
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGESIDE NEAR POND - DAY - DOO 178
text: drives up and stops, they get out. A beautiful spot with a
text: vista of miles of woods and farmland. A small caterpillar
text: with a grader sits nearby; signs of previous grading.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: It's real pretty...What are you up
dialog: to, Doo?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I'm gonna build a new house here, for
dialog: us to live in. Huliuva view, ain't
dialog: -it? I picked this spot cause it's a
dialog: little like Kentucky used to be.
text: Loretta listens with growing disbelief, saying nothing.
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I'm gonna put the bedroom in the
dialog: front of the house, see, right here,
dialog: so we can wake up and look out and
dialog: see the sun comin' up. Now, over
dialog: here's gonna be the kitchen ---
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Doggone you, Doolittle Lynn! You
dialog: never asked me nothin’ "bout no dog-
dialog: gone house!
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I wanted to surprise you ~--
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Well, stop surprisin' me! Boy, you
dialog: never ask me about nothin! -- never
dialog: did -- you just say, Hey Baby, here's
dialog: the deal, take it or leave’it ---
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: I thought vou'd want a new house --
dialog: for the privacy if nothin’ else ---
speaker_heading: CONTINUED
dialog: mll
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
speaker_heading: #02119 105
speaker_heading: CONTINUED 178
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I ain't said I don't want no new
dialog: house ~- I just said you ain't
dialog: asked me nothin' about it!
text: Pause. Each stands silently smoldering. Loretta looks at the
dialog: ground plan.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: You put the bedroom here, that daog-
dialog: gone sun's gonna be shinin' in the
dialog: window at five o'clock in the mornin!
dialog: -- how'm I supposed to sleep?
speaker_heading: DOOLITTLE
dialog: Well are you too ignorant to pull the
dialog: damn window blinds down?
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: I ain't too ignorant to know you
dialog: don't put the doggone bedroom in
dialog: the front of the house -- that's
dialog: where the doggone livin' room orta
dialog: be!
text: Impasse. Doo is growling.
speaker_heading: LORETTA
dialog: Stop that growlin', Doo.
text: He stops, glares at her, growls louder. She glares at him --
text: and growls back. He stops, surprised. They both look at
text: each other, slowly smile. They shake their heads in wonder
text: at the thought of two such ornery people still being together.
text: They start for the jeep, Doo throws his arm around her, hugs
text: her tightly. She continues to talk about the house as we ---
speaker_heading: cur TO
scene_heading: INT. CONCERT HALL - NIGHT ~ LORETTA 179
text: sings "Coal Miner's Daughter." Doo listens backstage, smiling,
text: sneaking a sip from a half-pint in his jacket. She continues
dialog: the song until ---
speaker_heading: FADE OUT
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
