dialog: 
scene_heading: CODE OF SILENCE
dialog: 
dialog: Written by
dialog: Michael Butler, Dennis Shryack, Mike Gray &amp; John Mason
dialog: Story by
dialog: Michael Butler &amp; Dennis Shryack
scene_heading: SHOOTING DRAFT
dialog: 1985
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. CHICAGO - NIGHT TO DAWN
text: Thundering north through the glass canyons of the Loop, the
text: elevated train SCREECHES through the city awakening. As it
text: races north across the river past ancient factories giving
text: way to high rise splendor, lights glistening against the
text: dawn, we see the complex business of bringing a city to life
text: in the morning.
text: On the Near North Side an assortment of revelers are winding
text: up their night on the town.
text: The pressmen loiter outside the Tribune loading docks, and
text: fishing boats are outbound through the Chicago River locks.
text: A streetsweeping crew moves through the Fulton Market,
text: Chicago's central meat and produce distribution center.
text: At the Merchandise Mart platform the elevated train picks up
text: two old cleaning ladies wearing babushkas.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - DAY
text: The el train RUMBLES north past the aging tenements of Uptown
text: into the Belmont Avenue Station.
text: And down below, a garbage truck is slowly working its way up
text: the alley. A garbage man in city overalls WHISTLES to the
text: driver and the truck stops. He rolls a can to the grinding
text: jaw as the driver sits, tense and alert, scanning the street.
dialog: There's something odd about this driver. And the garbage man
dialog: too, for that matter.
scene_heading: EXT. EL PLATFORM - DAY
text: SPIDER, a nervous looking black man, steps out onto the
text: platform. As the train pulls away we see him reach into his
text: shirt pocket and CLICKS his ball point pen a couple of times.
text: He WHISPERS into it. It is a concealed radio transmitter.
speaker_heading: SPIDER
dialog: Say, hey, Cub fans, I hope to hell
dialog: y'all down there cause we got a big
dialog: game today.
text: He heads for the stairs and the street below.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK CAB - DAY
text: The truck cab is equipped with a police radio. The driver,
text: RICH DONATO, adjusts the volume. Over the SPEAKER, HEAVY
text: WITH STATIC, we can hear the SOUND of the RECEDING EL TRAIN.
speaker_heading: SPIDER (V.O.)
dialog: (from radio)
text: The school bus be waitin.
text: Donato motions for the garbage man.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - DAY
text: EDDIE CUSACK jumps up on the truck's running board and sticks
text: his head in. On the seat beside Donato is a sledgehammer and
text: a sawed off automatic rifle. The two men stare at each other
text: as they concentrate on the CRACKLING RADIO.
speaker_heading: SPIDER (V.O.)
dialog: (from radio)
dialog: S'happenin, Doc?
speaker_heading: DOC (V.O.)
dialog: (from radio)
dialog: Hey, I got it all right here, my
dialog: man. Jus be waitin on you.
speaker_heading: SPIDER (V.O.)
dialog: (from radio)
dialog: We ain't got far to go.
scene_heading: EXT. EL STATION - DAY
text: DOC is at the wheel of a late model Cadillac. Spider gets in
text: and they pull slowly away from the curb.
scene_heading: EXT. EL STATION - DAY
text: At the corner in a beat up Pontiac are officers MUSIC and
text: BRENNAN. The two rough looking detectives follow Doc's car
text: through half closed eyes.
text: They also HEAR Spider's TRANSMITTER. The quality of the
text: reception improves as Spider and his antennae clear the steel
text: support structure of the el platform.
speaker_heading: DOC (V.O.)
dialog: (from radio)
dialog: This early bird shit just ain't my
dialog: style.
speaker_heading: SPIDER (V.O.)
dialog: (from radio)
dialog: Dig it. Too close to real work for
dialog: me.
text: Doc and Spider talk in a nervous false bravado.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - DAY
text: Eddie nods to Donato who grabs a walkie-talkie from the seat.
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: (to walkie-talkie)
text: O.K. Home Team. Ready in the bullpen.
speaker_heading: MUSIC (V.O.)
dialog: (from radio)
dialog: Copy Shortstop. Double play. We're
text: with him now.
speaker_heading: SPOTTER (V.O.)
dialog: (from radio)
dialog: Center's in.
text: SILENCE. Eddie looks at Donato.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Where's Cragie?
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: Two cops are against the wall separating the cemetery from
text: the El. CRAGIE, a weathered twenty-five year veteran; and
text: NICK KOSALAS, the new kid on the team. Cragie sits on a crate
text: with a styrofoam cup of coffee.
text: Kosalas is trying to maneuver his cup lid off, and still
text: hold on to his walkie-talkie.
speaker_heading: DONATO (V.O.)
dialog: (from radio)
dialog: Talk to me left field.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: (to mike)
dialog: Ready sir. Left Field in position.
text: Cragie pulls a pint of whiskey from his pocket and sweetens
text: his coffee with a healthy shot. He notices Kosalas, who has
text: set down the thermos and is nervously moving from leg to
dialog: leg.
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
dialog: Have a shot, kid. A little nerve
dialog: tonic.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: What's the matter with you?
text: Cragie grins and raises his cup to drink. His hand shakes
text: and he has to steady it with the other.
text: The RADIO CRACKLES.
speaker_heading: SPOTTER (V.O.)
dialog: (from radio)
text: O.K., guys, runner on first base.
scene_heading: INT. SPOTTER APARTMENT - DAY
text: A spotter, KOBAS, covers the scene from an abandoned building
text: across the street.
speaker_heading: KOBAS
dialog: (to walkie-talkie)
text: Just turning on Paulina.
speaker_heading: EDDIE (V.O.)
dialog: (from radio)
dialog: Double Play, you got him in sight?
speaker_heading: MUSIC (V.O.)
dialog: (from radio)
dialog: Yeah, we got the on him. He's headin
dialog: for the alley.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - DAY
text: Eddie wrestles another garbage can into the truck's hopper
text: as Doc's car cruises slowly past.
text: Eddie and Spider LOCK EYES for a split second.
text: The car moves on and stops at the far end of the alley. The
text: lights switch off. After a moment, Spider and Doc leave the
text: car and check out the scene. Doc carries a satchel.
speaker_heading: DOC (V.O.)
dialog: (from radio)
dialog: I say nice and simple now.
speaker_heading: SPIDER (V.O.)
dialog: (from radio)
dialog: We real cool, Doc. We're frosty. We
dialog: jus' doin' a little business, you
dialog: know? Ain't no big thing.
text: The two men slip into the back gate of an old tenement. They
text: pass through a gangway to the front of the building, and
text: climb the front stairs.
text: Though we can no longer see them, we HEAR a DOOR OPENING, a
text: GREETING in Spanish, and FEET FOUNDING up the steps.
text: The garbage truck GRINDS forward and halts again. Eddie comes
text: up to the cab. He is wearing a gun under his overalls. He
text: and Donato listen on the RADIO to the CONVERSATION coming
text: from inside the building.
scene_heading: INT. COMACHO FRONT STAIRS - DAY
text: A muscular Latino, POMPAS COMACHO, leads Spider and Doc down
text: the paint-peeling corridor. The SOUND of BABIES CRYING and
text: FAMILIES WAKING gives a sense of teeming humanity behind
dialog: every door.
text: The Latino knocks at a door heavily fortified with burglar
text: bars. The door opens. The bars are unlocked.
speaker_heading: SPIDER
dialog: How y'all doin?
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: (from within)
dialog: It's O.K. O.K. Como esta?
text: Pompas leaves the two men and heads down the stairs toward
text: the front door.
scene_heading: INT. COMACHO APARTMENT - DAY
text: Doc and Spider enter. They're patted down.
text: A sleepy eyed Latino woman comes to stand in the bedroom
text: doorway. VICTOR COMACHO barks at her in Spanish, and she
text: disappears into the bedroom.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - DAY
text: Eddie stands on the running board of the truck with Donato
text: at the wheel. They listen to the RADIO.
speaker_heading: DOC (V.O.)
dialog: (from radio)
dialog: Hey, man, we're clean, huh. We ain't
dialog: fools.
speaker_heading: SPIDER (V.O.)
dialog: You do that real nice, Pancho. what
dialog: say we get married.
text: Eddie tosses a soiled Rubic's Cube into Donato's lap.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Found you a present.
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: Shit, those things will fuck up your
dialog: mind.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: Cragie is watching over the wall with his binoculars. He
text: looks back at Kosalas, who is hopping from foot to foot.
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
dialog: If you gotta take a leak, do it now.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: I can't go wading in with my shlong
text: flapping in the wind.
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
dialog: Sure you can. It's called diversionary
dialog: tactics.
text: Cragie laughs and swigs straight from the bottle. The RADIO
scene_heading: CRACKLES.
speaker_heading: BRENNAN (V.O.)
dialog: (from radio)
dialog: What's going on in the ballpark?
speaker_heading: DONATO (V.O.)
dialog: (from radio)
dialog: Don't get froggy. Wait for the green
text: light.
scene_heading: EXT. COMACHO STREET - DAY
text: A painter's van passes Brennan's Pontiac and parks in front
text: of the building half way up the block.
scene_heading: INT. BRENNAN'S CAR - DAY
dialog: Music doesn't like this.
speaker_heading: MUSIC
dialog: What the hell is this cat up to?
speaker_heading: BRENNAN
dialog: Going to work asshole. What do you
dialog: think.
speaker_heading: MUSIC
dialog: At this hour.
speaker_heading: BRENNAN
dialog: They got a hardass for a boss. Like
dialog: us.
scene_heading: EXT. COMACHO STREET - DAY
text: As Music and Brennan watch from their car, the four painters
text: get out of their truck, unpack their ladders and tools, and
text: begin to carry their equipment into the building next door
text: to the stakeout.
scene_heading: INT. COMACHO APARTMENT - DAY
text: The room is small and bare. A selling den. VICTOR COMACHO
text: and TWO COUSINS, all young and vicious, are sitting around a
text: formica table with the two buyers, Doc and Spider. The
text: Comachos are heavily armed. There is plenty of tension all
text: around, but Doc seems a little more nervous than the rest.
text: This is an enormous buy. Doc has placed a bowling satchel
text: full of bundled $20's, $50's, and $100's on the table. Victor
text: is counting it rapidly.
speaker_heading: SPIDER
dialog: This be better than jukin' Seven-
dialog: Elevens, huh Victor?
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: (to cousins in Spanish)
dialog: This one's got some balls, huh?
dialog: (to Spider)
dialog: I don't juke anybody.
text: Victor nods and one of the cousins brings in half a dozen
text: brick-sized bundles of cocaine from the next room.
text: Doc slices into one of the bags and with the tip of his knife
text: he drops a bit into a glass vial. He adds clear liquid with
text: an eye dropper and it instantly turns purple.
speaker_heading: DOC
text: I say, awright. The royal colors.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - DAY
text: Eddie's eyes scan the scene as he sorts through a garbage
text: can with a stick.
scene_heading: INT. PAINTER'S HALLWAY - DAY
text: The painters carry their equipment down the long corridor
text: and enter a vacant apartment.
text: A door opens in the corridor, and a naked toddler steps out.
text: A Latino teenager comes out to retrieve the child. He sees
text: the backs of the painters, and carries the toddler back
text: inside.
scene_heading: INT. PAINTER'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: The painters are not what they seem. Working quickly,
text: silently, they open their tool kits and lay out their
text: hardware: machine guns and automatics.
text: TONY LUNA, a barrel-chested Italian mobster is running the
text: show and it's well rehearsed. His boys, GUS, VITO, and EENIE
text: move like oiled machinery.
text: Vito turns on a radio to a Latino station to cover the SOUND
text: of their preparations. They remove the whole window from its
text: frame. Then they rest a wide plank on the window ledge.
text: Three feet away is the window of the adjacent building and
text: silhouetted against the shade we can SEE the drug deal.
text: Luna'ys check their weapons.
text: They put on painters' masks and goggles.
speaker_heading: LUNA
dialog: Okay, by the numbers.
text: He puts on his goggles.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - DAY
text: Over the IDLING ENGINE of the garbage truck, Eddie and Donato
text: HEAR the deal going down on the RADIO.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (to walkie-talkie)
dialog: Everybody on your toes.
speaker_heading: MUSIC (V.O.)
dialog: (from radio)
dialog: Their Right Field's Clear. Those
text: painters are out of the way.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (to walkie-talkie)
dialog: What the hell you talking about?
speaker_heading: MUSIC (V.O.)
dialog: (from radio)
dialog: We got a painting crew of painters
text: just went in the building next door.
text: Eddie looks at Donato.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Painters? That building's gonna be
dialog: condemned!
text: Like a coiled spring, Eddie leaps from the truck and runs
text: for the rear gate, gun in hand.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Play Ball! Play-fucking-ball!
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: (to mike)
dialog: Home Team! We're goin in! Move it!
dialog: Move it!
scene_heading: INT. PAINTER'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Tony and his men face the window across the gangway. Two of
text: them hold sawed off double barreled shotguns. Tony counts it
text: down, and they all fire as one.
text: One GIANT BLAST tears into the window. It disintegrates.
text: The four men toss aside their empty guns, and grab other
dialog: guns.
scene_heading: EXT. GANGWAY - DAY
text: Eddie HEARS THE GUNFIRE and hits the wall. He sees the glass
text: showering down around him. He vaults over the backyard fence
text: and head for the porch stairs.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: Kosalas is finally pissing against the wall.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: I knew it.
text: Cragie is using the crate to climb the wall. He is up and
text: over, and falls to the ground on the other side. He's still
text: trying to get to his feet when Kosalas comes over.
text: They start running, yanking their guns out.
scene_heading: INT. COMACHO APARTMENT - DAY
text: Doc and Spider are blown backwards in their chairs. One of
text: the cousins has fallen across the piles of money and drugs.
text: Victor and the other cousin are slumped on the floor. The
text: woman in the bedroom is screaming.
text: Through the jagged glass around the window frame, Tony's
text: boys shove a broad plank.
scene_heading: EXT. GANGWAY - DAY
text: Three floors up, we see the "painters" rush across the gangway
text: to the other building.
scene_heading: EXT. COMACHO BACK STAIRS - DAY
text: EFREN COMACHO, the heavyweight guarding the back door, is
text: distracted by the SHOUTS and GUNFIRE upstairs. Eddie crashes
text: through the door and Efren spins just in time to meet Eddie's
text: blurring attack.
text: The struggle on the landing is brief. Efren's size is no
text: match for Eddie's speed and power. With a grunt he sags to
text: the floor.
text: Eddie leaps over him and bounds up the steps.
scene_heading: EXT. COMACHO STREET - DAY
text: Brennan, Music and Kobas are now on their way, using parked
text: cars to cover their advance toward the front door of the
text: Comacho building.
scene_heading: EXT. COMACHO BACK STAIRS - DAY
text: Eddie passes the second floor landing and takes a quick look
text: up the porch stairs. The door to the second floor apartment
text: starts to open behind him. He spins and kicks it.
text: There stands a terrified old woman looking up the barrel of
text: his gun.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Police! No se mueve!
text: He spins and bounds up the stairway.
scene_heading: INT. COMACHO APARTMENT - DAY
text: The woman is huddled in a corner, still screaming. Tony comes
text: to stand over her, and coldly shoots her. Then he rips off
text: his mask and goggles as his boys clear the bodies and scoop
text: up the drugs and money from the table.
text: Victor Comacho lies slumped against the wall, one side of
text: his face and one shoulder bloodied. He appears dead, eyes
text: open. But then he blinks once.
scene_heading: INT. COMACHO BACK STAIRS - DAY
text: Eddie has entered the rear of the apartment. He moves
text: cautiously forward.
scene_heading: INT. COMACHO APARTMENT - DAY
text: Tony and his partners start back over the gangway to the
text: other building. Vito is bringing up the rear.
text: Suddenly Victor Comacho comes to life. He gets off A BURST
text: with his AUTOMATIC. Vito catches it in the back.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - DAY
text: Donato is moving down the gangway when Vito's body -- followed
text: by the scaffold plank -- falls from the sky and CRASHES into
text: the pavement right in front of him.
scene_heading: INT. COMACHO APARTMENT - DAY
text: Eddie jumps into the living room doorway, gun drawn, and
text: takes in the carnage. He kicks the gun out of Victor's hand,
text: and bounds to the shattered bay window and looks down in
dialog: time to SEE --
scene_heading: EXT. GANGWAY - DAY
text: Donato jumps over the broken body, running through the gangway
text: toward the front of the building.
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: They're goin out the front!
scene_heading: INT. COMACHO APARTMENT - DAY
text: The bridge to the other building is gone, but there is a
text: large drainpipe running down the outside of the building.
text: Eddie climbs out on the shattered window sill, and stretches
text: for the pipe. The pipe is just out of reach. Pushing off
text: from the ledge, he jumps for the drainpipe, grabbing it on
text: his way down.
scene_heading: EXT. DRAINPIPE - DAY
text: As he slides down three stories.
scene_heading: INT. PAINTER'S HALLWAY - DAY
text: The painters run down the stairs toward the front of the
dialog: building.
scene_heading: EXT. COMACHO STREET - DAY
text: Music, Brennan, and Kobas rush the front door of the Comacho's
text: building, and enter.
scene_heading: EXT. GANGWAY - DAY
text: Eddie lands on his feet and heads for the front.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - DAY
text: Cragie and Kosalas brace themselves on each side of the rear
text: door to the Painters' building. Cragie is white with fear.
text: Kosalas kicks in the door. They enter.
scene_heading: EXT. COMACHO STREET - DAY
text: At the front of the building Donato emerges from the
text: passageway and he's met by a HAIL of GUNFIRE. He jumps back
text: and takes a more cautious look.
text: Tony Luna and Gus make a run for the van. Donato steps out
text: from between the two buildings and raises his gun.
text: But he hasn't seen Eenie, just coming out of the building
text: next door.
text: Eenie fires and Donato goes down, wounded in the foot. But
text: before Eenie can get off another shot --
text: -- Eddie leaps from the gangway and drops Eenie with a BURST
text: from his AUTOMATIC.
scene_heading: EXT. COMACHO STREET - DAY
text: Luna pulls out PEELING RUBBER, but he's nearly surrounded.
text: squad cars have pulled in blocking both ends of the street.
text: Another squad car screeches to a halt and both officers jump
text: out and start firing.
text: Luna hits the fender of the squad car head on, knocking both
text: officers to the ground. He spins the van around with cops
text: FIRING from every angle, jumps the curb, and roars past the
text: roadblock on the sidewalk with pedestrians leaping in all
dialog: directions.
scene_heading: INT. PAINTERS' BACK STAIRS - DAY
text: Heart pounding, Cragie leads Kosalas blindly up the darkened
dialog: steps.
scene_heading: INT. PAINTER'S HALL - DAY
text: A door opens behind Cragie. He whirls and FIRES into the
dialog: darkness.
text: The riddled body of a Mexican teenager, eyes wide with shock,
text: pitches into the hall.
text: Kosalas, down the hallway, hugs the wall, petrified.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: Cragie?!
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
dialog: It's O.K. I got the sonovabitch.
text: Kosalas creeps ahead, gun drawn, just in time to see Cragie
text: pull a small handgun from his pocket and lay it in the boys
dialog: hand.
text: Cragie looks up at Kosalas and their eyes meet.
scene_heading: EXT. COMACHO STREET - DAY
text: Luna's van, it's windshield shot out, takes the first corner
text: on two wheels. Behind him the police scramble for their blue
text: and whites. Half way down the block, the van lurches into an
dialog: alley.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - DAY
text: The van hurtles down the alley, splashing through puddles
text: past the loading docks of a packing company. Parked along
text: one side of the end of the alley is a meat truck from the
text: opening montage. A loading ramp leads to the gaping rear
dialog: doors.
text: The thieves have done their homework. The Luna gang slams up
text: the ramp into the rear of the meat truck.
text: A bee fy compatriot in a blood stained butcher's smock pulls
text: several sides of beef along the rail and into the truck.
text: With the van concealed, the line of police cars ROAR splashing
dialog: by.
scene_heading: INT. PAINTER'S HALL - DAY
text: Cragie, kneeling over the body, looks at Kosalas eyeball to
text: eyeball.
text: SCREAMS come from within the boy's apartment.
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
dialog: (yelling into the
dialog: apartment)
dialog: Police! Stay where you are!
text: They HEAR FOOTSTEPS pounding up the front stairs. Cragie and
text: Kosalas look up.
text: Eddie appears at the front of the hall, gun drawn. He sees
text: the boy on the hallway floor.
text: He approaches cautiously, taking in the body, the gun, Cragie
text: sitting against the wall, and the distraught Kosalas who
text: stands transfixed by the dead kid. Eddie goes to Kosalas.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Take it easy, Kosalas.
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
dialog: The kid didn't dust him. I did.
text: Eddie looks at Cragie.
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
dialog: Him or me, Sarge.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: The kid saw the whole thing.
text: Both Eddie and Cragie look at Kosalas.
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
dialog: Tell him, Nick.
text: It almost sounds like an order.
text: Kosalas looks like he's going to be sick.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Yeah, that's how it went down.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Stay here.
dialog: (to Cragie)
dialog: Take care of your partner.
text: Eddie walks away.
scene_heading: EXT. GANGWAY - DAY
text: The gangway is now filled with squad cars, ambulances, and
dialog: cops.
text: As the paramedics walk Victor Comacho to the ambulance,
text: bloody, bandaged, but very much alive, he and Eddie LOCK
text: EYES for a brief instant.
text: Several ferocious looking Comacho relatives have been allowed
text: inside the police lines. One of them steps close to Victor.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: (to relative)
dialog: Call Luis.
text: The lab technicians arrive.
text: The throng of streetwise punks and horrified commuters are
text: across a roped off area.
speaker_heading: KOBAS
dialog: Get these people back out of here,
dialog: wouldja.
scene_heading: INT. PAINTER'S HALL - DAY
text: Kosalas and Cragie are still with the body. The corridor is
text: blocked off by uniformed patrolmen.
text: Kosalas is shakey. Cragie is tries to calm him down.
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
dialog: Look, it's no big thing, Kid. A
text: friggin' dog and pony show. Some
dialog: dumb ass questions by dumb ass
dialog: bureaucrats. "When's the last time
dialog: you were at the range?" Crap like
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: Look. It was a fuckin' accident. Why
dialog: can't you just be --
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
dialog: (stiffens)
dialog: You born yesterday?! These ain't
dialog: cops. They'll roast our ass just
dialog: cause we carry a badge. Both of us.
dialog: (menacing)
dialog: We stick together on this, kid. We're
dialog: partners, right?
text: Kosalas nods.
scene_heading: EXT. GANGWAY - DAY
text: Donato sits on the ground as two paramedics work on his foot.
text: Eddie crouches beside him as one medic cuts away Donato's
text: ankle boot.
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: Aw man, don't do that. You know how
dialog: much these things cost?
text: He gasps as they draw the boot off. Donato grabs for Eddie's
text: hand, and squeezes against the pain.
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: Eddie. Scam this. A bait shop. Worms,
dialog: minnows. Don't even need real worms.
dialog: Storage problem. Got those rubber
dialog: ones, you know?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah, what about the winter?
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: We winter in Florida. Rubber neck
dialog: the beach bunnies. Aw, look at that.
dialog: Ruined my brand new fence climbers.
dialog: Hand made in Italy.
text: Someone points Eddie out to Partida, an attractive, no-
text: nonsense woman, who heads for him. Donato sees Partida coming.
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: Oh, fuck, Partida. I'm gonna tell
dialog: her you shot me.
text: The resentment the other cops feel against Partida is readily
text: apparent.
speaker_heading: PARTIDA
dialog: Cusack. You were in charge here?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Does it look like it?
text: Partida looks at the covered body nearby.
speaker_heading: PARTIDA
dialog: (to Donato)
dialog: And you were a principal in one of
dialog: the shootings?
text: Eddie nods.
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: OW! A goddamn Dr. Jekyll!
text: Eddie smiles at Donato, who with his good foot, kicks at the
text: medic bandaging the wound.
speaker_heading: PARTIDA
dialog: Where's the officer who was involved
dialog: in the other shooting?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (pointing)
text: Third floor rear.
text: As Partida heads for the building, another suited civilian
text: comes over to meet her. The civilian escorts a Mexican
dialog: grandmother.
text: The old lady is agitated, jabbering in Spanish and pointing
text: at the cops.
text: Eddie sees this, and then is pulled away as he helps one of
text: the medics lift Donato and carry him to the ambulance.
text: Eddie helps Donato into the ambulance.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Catch you later, Hopalong.
scene_heading: INT. HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: The two Comacho lookouts who survived the raid, Efren and
text: Pompas, have been brought in for questioning. The
text: interrogation is taking place in a small room.
text: Officers Brennan and Music are here with Eddie.
text: The Comachos sit silent as stones.
speaker_heading: MUSIC
dialog: (to Efren)
dialog: You know that, Efren. When your big
dialog: bad brother Luis gets the word, your
text: ass is freeze dried and fried.
text: Efren stares ahead. Music looks at Eddie who is fiddling
text: with the Rubic's Cube, to little success.
text: Brennan takes Music's place. He kicks Pompas' chair hard.
speaker_heading: BRENNAN
dialog: Talk you hemorrhoid!
speaker_heading: POMPAS
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Your mother fucks dogs in the street.
speaker_heading: BRENNAN
dialog: You wanna tune-up? Hey Sarge, you
dialog: know why a Comacho's like a cue-ball?
dialog: Cause the harder you hit 'em, the
dialog: better their English gets.
text: It's not a joke, but a threat. Pompas spits at Brennan.
text: Brennan is enraged, but Eddie pushes him back with a hand.
text: Eddie faces the Comachos.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: We're jerking off here.
text: Eddie goes out the door.
scene_heading: INT. HEADQUARTERS HALL - DAY
text: As Eddie emerges, he bumps into the Camacho's lawyer SANCHEZ;
text: thirty-eight, well dressed, smooth as silk.
text: Sanchez sees the tableau in the room. As Cusack walks down
text: the hall the attorney follows him.
speaker_heading: SANCHEZ
dialog: Let's cut the shit, Cusack.
text: Eddie ignores him.
speaker_heading: SANCHEZ
dialog: Option 1: you can send em downtown.
dialog: If Judge Collins didn't get laid
dialog: last night, you can probably get him
dialog: to arraign my clients for loitering
dialog: in their own hallway. He'll set bail.
dialog: I'll take care of it. Option 2:
dialog: release them here and now and we'll
dialog: call it a day.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Up to you.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I like to see you earn your money.
text: Sanchez backs off. We follow Eddie down the hall.
scene_heading: INT. KATES' OFFICE - DAY
text: The head of Area Four, COMMANDER KATES, is grilling Cragie
dialog: and Kosalas.
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
text: We come up the back stairs. We start
dialog: cleanin' the hallway when the deceased
text: pops out of a doorway with a 25
dialog: automatic. I tell him to drop it,
dialog: but he's comin. We had no choice.
dialog: Kosalas here saw the whole thing.
text: Kates turns to Kosalas.
speaker_heading: KATES
dialog: Did you?
text: Kosalas looks haggard.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: I was on another doorway...
speaker_heading: KATES
dialog: But you saw the action?
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: I saw him fall.
speaker_heading: KATES
dialog: And the kid was armed?
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: That's the way it went down.
speaker_heading: KATES
dialog: And you saw the weapon?
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Yes sir. I saw it in his hand.
speaker_heading: KATES
dialog: O.K.
dialog: (signs document)
dialog: Cragie, you'll be assigned to
dialog: headquarters until the hearing --
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
dialog: Hearing? Who called for a hearing?
dialog: The little fuck tried to shoot me in
dialog: the back!
text: Eddie enters. Kates looks up from his desk.
speaker_heading: KATES
dialog: Ms. Partida --
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
dialog: That piece of shit!
speaker_heading: KATES
dialog: Shut-up, Cragie.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Partida has demanded a formal hearing.
dialog: You will be under oath so the
dialog: department will provide you with a
dialog: lawyer unless you've got your own.
dialog: (stands)
text: An OPS Review Board member is waiting
dialog: to talk to you. Doesn't sound like
dialog: you got anything to worry about.
text: Cragie gets up. Kosalas, sitting through this interview in
text: stunned silence stands also.
speaker_heading: KATES
dialog: Kosalas, you work with Cusack until
text: this is over.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: Yes sir.
text: Kosalas and Cragie exit.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I ain't got no time to nursmaid a
dialog: rookie. I don't need a partner.
speaker_heading: KATES
dialog: (explodes)
dialog: Your right! You don't need a partner!
dialog: You need a goddamn keeper!
dialog: (slams fist on desk)
dialog: Jesus Christ! How do I explain this
dialog: one upstairs?
dialog: (stands)
dialog: We gave you 600 man-hours, you took
dialog: a month planning the damn thing, and
dialog: what have you got to show for it?
dialog: Nine bodies? A dead informant? One
dialog: of my best men shot! For Christ's
dialog: sake!
dialog: (stares at ceiling)
dialog: You're going to have me back on a
text: beat busting perverts in the park.
text: Kates sits, sighs, suddenly tired.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: We got a bigger problem. These
dialog: Comachos aren't gonna take this lying
text: down. The animals are out of the
text: cages.
speaker_heading: KATES
dialog: Just what I need. A goddman war.
text: Eddie turns to leave.
speaker_heading: KATES
dialog: Keep track of this business with
dialog: Cragie?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah.
text: The PHONE RINGS.
speaker_heading: KATES
dialog: I'll deal with upstairs.
text: Eddie starts to leave again. Kates picks up the phone, and
text: puts a hand over the mouthpiece.
speaker_heading: KATES
dialog: Just get me some answers, huh.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: That's my job.
text: Eddie exits.
scene_heading: INT. HEADQUARTERS OFFICE - DAY
text: Kosalas, without an attorney, is being interviewed by Partida.
text: A court stenographer is silently typing.
speaker_heading: PARTIDA
dialog: ...you have the right to remain
dialog: silent. You have the right to have
dialog: an attorney present at all times.
dialog: Anything you say may be used against
dialog: you in a court of law...
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE'S CAR - DAY
text: Eddie and Kosalas are parked on an airport access road,
text: watching private planes land and take off. Eddie's car, a
text: five-year old Chevy, is wreckage. The quarter panels are
text: rusted, the radio antenna is a coathanger, and when Kosalas
text: pushes a tape into the cassette player, the windshield wipers
dialog: start moving.
text: Kosalas pops the cassette out, the windshield wipers stop;
text: he throws the cassette into the glove compartment. But now
text: he can't get the door to stay closed.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I'm going to have to fix that.
text: Eddie has to shout to be heard over the sound of an airplane
text: passing directly overhead.
text: Eddie glances at Kosalas who looks uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You know, it's kind of interesting.
text: That 16 year old in the hallway with
dialog: the gun? Partida told me he doesn't
dialog: have a record. The kid's never been
dialog: arrested.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: Yeah, well, you know, if you read
dialog: the papers, cops only shoot honor
dialog: students. Sole support of the family
dialog: and all that.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT - DAY
text: The airport bristles with corporate jets departing and
text: arriving.
speaker_heading: TOWER (V.O.)
dialog: ...Lear 9 Lima Kilo number 2 for
dialog: landing -- wind south 20, altimeter
dialog: two-niner-niner-two...
text: And now comes a mystery jet, wearing no company colors,
text: banking in over Lake Point Tower and WHISTLING low over the
text: Planetarium to a touchdown.
text: The white Learjet taxis to a halt at the far end of the field
text: as an undistinguished Buick rolls down the ramp to meet it.
text: Eddie and Kosalas stand by their car, parked across the runway
dialog: from the Learjet.
text: The jet's engines shut down, the door opens, and a grim but
text: handsome man emerges. LUIS COMACHO, a cruel and uncompromising
text: survivor, has arrived. With him is an incredibly beautiful
dialog: exotic woman.
text: He is met by Pompas and Efren Comacho, the two lookouts who
text: survived the raid. And Victor Comacho, who was wounded in
text: the raid, is here with his shoulder bandaged.
scene_heading: EXT. EDDIE'S CAR - DAY
text: From where Eddie and Kosalas are standing it is impossible
text: to hear the conversation at the Learjet, but it is clear
text: that Luis Comacho is upset. They see Luis slap Pompas and
text: Efren. Then he grabs Victor by both arms, ignoring his wound,
text: and screams at him.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: Nice fellow this Luis Comacho. Donato
text: says they call him the Angel-of-Death.
text: Victor grimaces, in great pain, and his knees buckle.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Real sweetheart.
scene_heading: INT. LUNA'S HOUSE - DAY
text: In the dining room DIANA LUNA, a pretty 19 year old, helps
text: her 80 year old grandmother THERESA decorate a "HAPPY
text: BIRTHDAY" banner, some red and green crepe paper.
speaker_heading: MOLLY LUNA (O.S.)
dialog: Now?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: No!
text: Diana and her grandmother grin at each other. They are done.
text: Theresa stands back to admire their work.
speaker_heading: MOLLY (O.S.)
dialog: Now?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Mama!
speaker_heading: A PHONE RINGS
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Daddy, would you get that!
text: Diana rushes into the kitchen and comes right out with a
text: birthday cake, and sets it on the table next to some presents.
speaker_heading: THERESA
dialog: Bella.
text: Diana goes to the stairs where her mother sits with her hands
text: over her eyes.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Keep 'em closed now.
text: She leads her mother to the dining room.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: O.K., open 'em.
text: MOLLY LUNA opens her eyes. Theresa and Diana beam. Diana
text: kisses her mother who almost cries.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Happy birthday, momma.
speaker_heading: THERESA
dialog: (in Italian)
dialog: Happy birthday, Molly.
text: Diana hands Molly a card from the table. Molly starts to
dialog: open it.
text: Tony Luna burst in from another room.
speaker_heading: TONY LUNA
dialog: Molly! Pack me a bag! Quick! Ok?
dialog: C'mon I'm in a hurry!
text: Molly heads for the stairs, leaving behind the half opened
dialog: card.
speaker_heading: MOLLY
dialog: But Tony, why...?
speaker_heading: TONY LUNA
dialog: Business! C'mon, move. Do what I
dialog: tell you!
text: Molly goes upstairs. Diana is pissed.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Don't do it, momma! Make him pack
text: his own bag.
speaker_heading: TONY LUNA
dialog: I ain't got time to put up with your
dialog: bullshit today.
text: Tony goes to the phone, dials, gets a busy signal, and slams
dialog: it down.
text: Theresa sits down watching sadly.
text: Diana goes to stand in front of her father.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Listen goddammit! It's momma's
dialog: birthday! She deserves better'n this!
text: Tony sorts through the closet looking for a jacket.
text: Gamiani comes in puffing with a clumsily wrapped present
text: under his arm.
speaker_heading: GAMIANI
dialog: Hey, Tony. What's shaking? Sorry I'm
dialog: late. I got stuck on Wacker. Some
dialog: spook...
speaker_heading: TONY LUNA
text: Victor Comacho is alive.
speaker_heading: GAMIANI
dialog: Oh sweet Jesus.
text: Diana is really angry at her father ignoring her.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You can't go now.
speaker_heading: TONY LUNA
dialog: Shut up!
text: He slaps her. She slaps him back, turns, grabs her purse,
text: and runs out.
text: Tony watches her go and turns to Gamiani.
speaker_heading: TONY LUNA
dialog: Put someone on the house. And you
dialog: keep an eye on her.
text: He nods out the door.
speaker_heading: GAMIANI
dialog: You got it, Tony. What about your
dialog: uncle?
speaker_heading: TONY LUNA
dialog: What Felix don't know doesn't hurt
dialog: him.
text: Molly comes down with the bag. Tony takes it from her and
text: starts out the door. Suddenly he turns back, snatches
text: Gamiani's present from his hands, and thrust it at his wife.
speaker_heading: TONY LUNA
dialog: Here. Happy birthday.
text: Tony rushes out the door. Gamiani goes to the phone.
text: Molly is left alone in the doorway.
scene_heading: EXT. EDDIE'S STREET - DAY
text: Eddie parks in front of his apartment building, leaves the
text: car, and enters the building.
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE'S HALL - DAY
text: Dead on his feet, Eddie reaches the top of the stairs and an
text: object comes flying at him out of the shadows. ODELL, a slim
text: 10 year old black kid, fakes a series of karate kicks at
dialog: Eddie.
speaker_heading: ODELL
dialog: Bow to your master!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Later, Odell. It's been a rough one.
speaker_heading: ODELL
dialog: Y' tellin me! We all seen it on the
dialog: TV!
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Odell!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Bow to your master.
text: Odell takes off.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Hey, Odell. Here, make yourself crazy.
text: The kid stops, and Eddie tosses him the Rubic's Cube.
text: Eddie nears his apartment, we hear a MALE VOICE SINGING.
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: The door is ajar. Eddie lives in a modest apartment. FRED
text: PIRELLI, a great bear of a man, 65, sings at the top of his
text: lungs. He is bent over the space heater, tearing it apart.
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: You look like shit.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Thanks, pal.
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: They had a shot on the tube of you
text: guys comin' out in front of the
dialog: building. How's Donato?
text: Eddie collapses on the sofa.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
text: Pissed cause he lost a shoe.
dialog: (pause)
text: Luis Comacho is in town.
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: He'll collect himself some scalps
dialog: before this one's over. Your answering
text: machine is on the fritz again. Some
dialog: woman with a fantastic voice was
dialog: callin' about comin' over this weekend
dialog: ta help you with somthin', and then
text: the tape went nuts.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Want somthin' to drink?
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: Does the Pope shit in the woods? Is
dialog: a bear Catholic?
speaker_heading: ODELL
dialog: Me too.
text: Odell shows in the doorway. Eddie gets up and the kid tosses
text: him the Rubic's Cube -- all done.
text: Eddie looks at it, and the kid goes into the kitchen.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I hate smart ass kids.
text: Odell laughs.
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: Gonna get down in the 30's tonight.
dialog: Your pilot light is out.
text: Eddie tosses the Cube into the waste basket and opens the
dialog: refrigerator.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I've been told that more than once.
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: (seriously)
dialog: So, who you figure pulled out the
dialog: rug? Gypsies? Mob?
text: Eddie comes back into the living room, hands a beer and a
text: soda to Odell, and flops back on the sofa with his own beer.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Somebody knew what they were doin'.
text: They blew the top off an anthill.
text: Pirelli reaches for his drink and Odell hands him the soda.
text: Pirelli grabs the beer before Odell can drink and switches.
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: I'd figure the Mob but Scalese ain't
dialog: that stupid.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Hah! Sombody put the valve in
dialog: backwards.
text: Pirelli and Odell turn to Eddie who tries to look innocent --
text: but fails. Eddie purposefully studies the answering machine
text: on the coffee table in front of him.
speaker_heading: WOMAN'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Odell! I ain't calling you again!
speaker_heading: ODELL
dialog: Later, fellas.
text: Pirelli finishes with the heater, and gets up.
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
text: There. Heat.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What was the Cubs final score?
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: 8 to 1.
text: Eddie punches a button on the answering machine. It spews
text: tape across the table.
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: Machines just don't like you.
text: Pirelli grabs the machine, unplugs it, and carries it out
text: the door toward his own apartment.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Maybe I don't like machines.
scene_heading: EXT. SOLDIER FIELD - DAY
text: The machine in question looks like a miniature tank. This is
text: the "Prowler," a robot anti-terrorist vehicle that is being
text: maneuvered around various obstacles in a demonstration for
text: the city's law enforcement agencies.
text: The "Prowler" is amazingly agile. And its BULLHORN VOICE
text: breaks everybody up.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: (from speaker)
dialog: Arretez! Halten Zie! Stop! Do not
dialog: move! No se mueve!...
text: The machine's three video eyes, searching the crowd
text: independently, give it the appearance of an extra-industrial
text: bug. One camera is mounted on a telescoping mast which extends
text: to give it the perspective of a giraffe. The thing seems
text: almost alive.
text: Commander Kates is here, leading a contingent of departmental
text: brass. With them are several dozen officers and a gaggle of
dialog: city councilmen.
text: The Prowler is being put through its paces by the FACTORY
text: ENGINEER. He controls the machine with a pistol-grip device
text: that looks like a small TV camera.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: ...After the gyros are locked, any
text: movement of the hand controller is
text: duplicated by the 'Prowler.'
text: He turns his hand to the right and the Prowler, 50 yards
text: away, sweeps its turret to the right, aiming the twin 30
text: calibre machineguns at the politicians. They move aside.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: This simple control system means
dialog: that even semi-skilled employees can
dialog: operate the unit with a minimum of
dialog: training. As they say, "Even a child
dialog: can operate it."
text: Standing with Chief Kates, Eddie watches the demonstration
text: with contempt. Kates turns to him.
speaker_heading: KATES
dialog: He's talking about you, Cusack. Pay
dialog: attention. You're all gonna have to
dialog: be qualified on this. It's the future.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Just what the world needs, another
text: gun without a brain.
speaker_heading: KATES
dialog: You're looking at the perfect cop.
text: The damn thing follows orders.
text: Eddie has seen enough.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I got better things to do than play
dialog: with toys.
text: Kates is about to say something when the demonstrator
text: interrupts.
speaker_heading: ENGINEER
dialog: If the Commander will pick someone
dialog: to try and elude 'Prowler,' we can
dialog: show how our various target
dialog: acquisition systems function.
text: Kates points to Eddie, and smiles.
text: Instantly the turret sweeps the horizon and locks on Eddie
text: as he walks across the astro turf.
text: CLOSE-UP of the Prowler's hand controller.
text: The MONITOR SCREEN shows the crosshairs on the back of Eddie's
text: head. ON THE SCREEN the digital readout says: LOCKED AND
text: TRACKING.
speaker_heading: MACHINE
dialog: (from speaker)
dialog: Bang. You're dead.
text: Eddie keeps walking, seemingly oblivious to the Prowler.
text: Suddenly he whirls and ducks behind a wall out of the
text: Prowler's sight.
text: He pops up with his gun pointed at the Prowler's controller.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Drop it.
text: The controller, scared shitless, drops the hand control.
text: The Prowler dies -- the plug pulled.
text: Eddie smiles at Kates, and exits.
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE VIEWING ROOM - DAY
text: The curtain is drawn back from the viewing window and the
text: Comachos SEE the bodies of their cousins. Luis is here with
text: Pompas, Efren, and Victor. Their attorney, Sanchez, has joined
text: them. They are speaking Spanish.
speaker_heading: SANCHEZ
dialog: (subtitle)
dialog: A war does no good for any of us. It
dialog: can only make what is bad worse.
text: Luis says nothing. He looks through the window at the bodies.
text: Finally he speaks.
speaker_heading: LUIS
dialog: (subtitle)
dialog: Get them out of here. Fix them up. I
dialog: want them to be beautiful for their
dialog: mother.
text: He kisses his fingertips and touches the glass.
speaker_heading: LUIS
dialog: (subtitle)
dialog: I promise you, my brothers, there
dialog: will be blood for blood.
text: Sanchez sighs.
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE HALL - DAY
text: Luis Comacho storms out of the room into the corridor followed
dialog: by the others.
text: Eddie and Kosalas are just entering. Victor spots Eddie and
text: turns to Luis.
speaker_heading: VICTOR
dialog: (subtitles)
dialog: This is the cop.
text: The Comachos slow down. The two groups survey each other --
text: Luis, hatred oozing from his eyes. And Eddie, without slowing,
text: looks the vicious Colombian over with cool contempt.
text: Eddie walks by.
speaker_heading: LUIS
dialog: How much did they pay you to set up
dialog: my brothers, Pig.
text: Eddie freezes, makes a slow turn, and meets Luis' eyes.
text: Suddenly Eddie moves, faster than anyone else can react to,
text: and he has Luis pinned to the wall, choking him.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Stay off my streets, asshole. Or
dialog: I'll bite your head off, and shit in
dialog: your neck.
text: He releases Luis just as quickly, and turns to walk out,
text: Kosalas backing with him, hand on gun.
text: Luis gets some air back, and starts to scream.
speaker_heading: LUIS
dialog: (subtitle)
dialog: You're meat cop! Dead meat!
text: The other Comachos have to restrain him.
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE EXAMINING ROOM - DAY
text: Retired detective HANK FLANNIGAN runs the high-tech morgue
text: where the bodies are stacked on trays like bakery buns.
text: Flannigan, a trim, bespectacled Mr. Clean, clicks his false
text: teeth between thoughts.
text: The body on the exotic lab table is the gunman Eddie shot
text: during the raid. Eddie is here to confirm the identification.
text: His new partner, Kosalas, is with him, very uncomfortable in
dialog: this setting.
speaker_heading: FLANNIGAN
dialog: Eenie Verona is the gentleman's name.
dialog: (looks down)
dialog: You did a hell of a job on him.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I was motivated.
text: Flannigan has already pulled Verona's record. He hands it to
text: Eddie who passes it on to Kosalas without looking at it.
text: Kosalas concentrates on the file, uneasy with the dead.
speaker_heading: FLANNIGAN
dialog: Know him?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: He's a punk. Punk thief. Booster.
speaker_heading: FLANNIGAN
text: Looks like he graduated.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: He had a brother-in-law. They were
dialog: tight. Served time together.
dialog: Ganelli..., Gagleone...
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: Gamiani.
text: Eddie looks at Kosalas who glances up from the report
text: triumphantly.
speaker_heading: FLANNIGAN
dialog: If I was you, I'd sit on him.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: You figure he's connected?
text: Eddie just smiles.
speaker_heading: FLANNIGAN
dialog: Looks like you're gonna be busy,
dialog: Cusack. Uh, you gonna be using those
dialog: Cubs' tickets?
text: Eddie reaches into his pocket, and tosses a ticket to
text: Flannigan who grins.
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Eddie and Kosalas cruise the Rush Street area at night. They
text: search the neon lit crowds on the sidewalks for a glimpse of
dialog: Lou Gamiani.
scene_heading: EXT. GAMIANI'S STREET - DAY
text: On a tree-shaded block of classic brownstones, the unmarked
text: car is parked at the corner.
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE'S CAR - DAY
text: Eddie is at the wheel wearing a sportscoat and sweater,
text: scanning the sports page. Kosalas is nervous and chatty,
text: bubbling. He's still reading the records from the morgue.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: This Ganiani's a swinger, huh?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: He's just makin' up for the time he
dialog: spent in the joint.
scene_heading: EXT. GAMIANI'S STREET - DAY
text: LOU GAMIANI, 55, Italian, and huge, comes out the front door
text: of a brownstone, and gives a perfunctory kiss to his aging
text: "Playmate", who stands in the doorway in a housecoat. Gamiani
text: comes down the steps, and jumps into a car.
text: In the car with Gamiani, a fat man, TITO, is at the wheel.
text: They pull into the street passing the unmarked car.
scene_heading: EXT. NORTH SIDE STREET - DAY
text: Trailing Gamiani and his partner through the North Side
text: neighborhoods, they wind up in Lincoln Park.
text: With considerable skill Kosalas and Eddie manage to stick to
text: them undetected.
scene_heading: EXT. PARK - DAY
text: Gamiani and Tito park by the botanical gardens and stroll
text: past the fields of flowers into the zoo. Eddie and Kosalas
dialog: follow.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: Now what? They selling protection to
dialog: the bears?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Relax kid.
scene_heading: EXT. CHILDREN'S ZOO - DAY
text: Strolling among the baby elephants and fuzzy rabbits, the
text: two heavies could not be more out of place. Tito has a racing
text: form. Lou, tall enough to see over heads, looks like a loose
text: gorilla on the prowl. He is searching for somebody.
text: Surrounding the incubators filled with hatching chicks is a
text: cluster of schoolchildren.
text: They are having a ball.
text: Eddie has noticed DIANA, a lovely 19 year old who is in charge
dialog: of the children.
text: And she has noticed Gamiani. She's visibly upset.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS (V.O.)
dialog: What's this? Kinda young for that
dialog: old fart ain't she?
speaker_heading: EDDIE (V.O.)
dialog: Just watch, kid. Learn.
text: Diana leaves the children with the zoo lecturer.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Be back in a minute.
text: She crosses to the two goons and looks up at Gamiani.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: What do you want?
speaker_heading: LOU
dialog: Your Papa worries about you.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Get out of here, Lou. Leave me alone.
text: Gamiani shrugs, his pal Tito seems embarrassed, but they
dialog: don't move.
scene_heading: INT. GORILLA HOUSE - DAY
text: The CHILDREN SCREAM, and LULU, the half-ton baboon flies
text: into frame, swinging down from the artificial branches of an
text: iron tree in the three story central cage. The children clutch
text: at Diana in delightful terror. The gorilla, inches away,
text: kisses the thick glass that separates them.
text: Lulu swings to the upper branches and sits, arms crossed,
text: staring eyeball-to-eyeball at her human counterpart, Gamiani.
text: Tito eats popcorn.
text: Eddie and Kosalas walk behind a mother and child, each holding
text: a balloon.
scene_heading: EXT. LIBRARY - DAY
text: Diana is on the front steps of the library saying good-bye
text: to two of the children from the zoo. She hands them over to
text: their mothers, and goes up the steps into the building.
text: Gamiani and Tito pull over and park down the street.
text: Eddie comes around the corner, and follows her in.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY HALL - DAY
text: The sign on the door tells us this is the city's Special
text: Education Program office. Diana enters the office and confers
text: briefly with another staff member.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY HALL - DAY
text: Through the open door of the Special Education Program office,
text: Eddie observes Diana chatting with her co-workers.
scene_heading: INT. READING ROOM - DAY
text: Eddie follows as Diana walks through the great hall past
text: long tables and out the other door.
scene_heading: EXT. LIBRARY - DAY
text: Diana comes down the steps, wading through the swarm of
text: homebound commuters, and catches a cab.
text: And head and shoulders above the crowd, scanning the tops of
dialog: heads, is Lou Gamiani.
text: Tito comes around the corner in his car, and pulls up to the
text: curb. Gamiani jumps in, and they take off after Diana's cab.
text: Eddie and Kosalas follow in Eddie's car.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY
text: Diana enters an apartment building.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT BUILDING - DAY
text: By the time Diana exits it is dark. She is with a friend,
text: and both are in some kind of Halloween costume. They catch a
dialog: cab.
scene_heading: EXT. PARTY STREET - NIGHT
text: The taxi stops in front of an ancient brick loft building.
text: Diana and her friend get out and hit the buzzer at an unmarked
text: door. The door opens and they disappears inside.
text: Gamiani's car cruises past. It pulls up at the corner and
text: it's lights switch off.
text: Eddie's car pulls up. Eddie hops out. Kosalas slides behind
text: the wheel.
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Eddie leans down to the open drivers window.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Hold here a second.
text: Eddie goes to the back of the car, and Kosalas follows him
text: in the rearview mirror, losing sight when Eddie pops open
text: the trunk.
text: Kosalas watches the party goers enter the building.
text: There is a tapping at the window.
text: Eddie has donned a baseball uniform, matching cap, and now
text: carries a baseball bat with a pair of cleats hanging from
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Keep with Gamiani.
text: Eddie tosses the keys back to Kosalas, and heads to the
text: building. Kosalas calls to him.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: Bang a few for me.
scene_heading: INT. PARTY STAIRS - NIGHT
text: In the darkened stairway Eddie joins a group of outrageously
text: dressed characters. The door at the top of the stairs bursts
text: open on a punk-funk art student Halloween party.
scene_heading: INT. PARTY - NIGHT
text: A hundred people are jammed into the studio. It feels like
text: the Star Wars Saloon. The LIVE MUSICIANS match the look of
text: the party. The costumes are outrageous. Everyone is dancing.
text: Eddie looks the place over. He spots Diana.
text: Eddie walks over to her, grabbing a drink along the way. He
text: sidles up to Diana.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Wanna play ball?
text: She looks him over taking in the outfit, the bat.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Are you pitching?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Some people say I've got a pretty
dialog: good inside curve.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I don't know. You look strictly minor
dialog: league.
text: She smiles.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I'm Eddie.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I make it Eddie-The-Cop.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You've had a lot of experience with
dialog: cops?
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: All bad.
text: She is angry now, and walks away from him.
text: Eddie watches her go, and is about to follow. He sets his
text: drink down, and turns to find a girl, luscious as hell,
text: dressed like a Frederick's wet dream, making eyes at him.
text: She takes his bat, and gives it a long, lascivious lick.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You'll get slivers.
text: He walks by her.
scene_heading: INT. PARTY BACK ROOM - NIGHT
text: Eddie steps over and around an assortment of wasted witches
text: and gooned out goblins snorting lines on the coffee table to
text: get to Diana who is tensely by herself.
text: He grabs her purse.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Hey, what the hell do you think you're
dialog: doing?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I thought you knew all about cops.
dialog: You don't put anything up your nose
dialog: do you?
text: Eddie searches Diana's purse. He find her drivers license.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Diana Luna?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You're Tony Luna's daughter?
text: He drops the license into the purse and hands it back to
text: her. She stares him in the eye defiantly.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I don't know where he is, and I don't
dialog: really give a shit.
dialog: (tired)
dialog: When are you people going to realize
dialog: I don't have anything to do with my
dialog: father.
text: Eddie tries to give her his card.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: For when you need a friend.
dialog: She won't take it.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I've got all the friends I want.
text: Eddie puts the card into her purse.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: But do you have all the friends you
dialog: need?
text: She walks away angrily. Eddie watches her leave, and then
text: steps over a few of the wasted witches to get to the phone
text: on the drug laden coffee table. He dials.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: This is Sergeant Cusack. I want a
dialog: team to cover a house on the southwest
dialog: side.
dialog: (pause)
scene_heading: L-U-N-A, Anthony.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Yeah. Crazy Tony Luna. I don't think
dialog: he's around, but if he shows up bring
dialog: him in.
text: The dope-smoking party-goers stare at this cop in shock. One
text: of the ladies tries to casually cover the cocaine with a
text: magazine. Eddie hangs up the phone, and pushes past them to
text: the door.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Catch you later.
text: He is out the door.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - DAY
text: Several plainclothes officers, some of them women, stand on
text: either side of the door with their backs to the wall, guns
text: at the ready. One of the men reaches out and POUNDS on the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Police! Open up!
text: They rush the door and SMASH it, SHOUTING and scrambling
text: into the apartment.
speaker_heading: KOBAS (V.O.)
dialog: (from bullhorn)
text: Awright awright hold it.
text: The instructor, Kobas, walks in criticizing their style.
speaker_heading: KOBAS
dialog: For Christ's sake! You tryin to get
dialog: your partner killed, Jackson?
dialog: This is not the real thing; only practice.
scene_heading: CAMERA PULLS BACK TO REVEAL --
scene_heading: INT. GYM - DAY
text: The apartment is only a mockup set in the corner of this
text: vast skylit city warehouse. Runners race around the track at
dialog: the perimeter.
text: On the wall are large photos and diagrams of the Prowler.
text: Below the photos are sign-up sheets for the required training
dialog: sessions.
text: In another corner is the weight room, the ring, and the
text: workout area. Eddie is here, working out, sparring with a
text: partner who has large padded mits on each hand.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM - DAY
text: Brennan and a couple of buddies approach Kosalas as he ties
text: his gym shoes. Brennan is carrying a petition. He hands it
text: to Kosalas and looks around the room. He spots another cop.
text: Cragie is in the background putting on his jacket.
speaker_heading: BRENNAN
dialog: (shouts across the
dialog: room)
dialog: Hey, Mahoney. I want you to help me
dialog: get some signatures on this letter
dialog: for Cragie.
text: Brennan looks down at Kosalas who is hesitating. Kosalas
text: looks back at Cragie. There eyes meet. He signs.
text: Cragie comes by and slaps him on the back.
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
dialog: Way to go, partner.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - DAY
text: We see Music talking to several cops working out the exercise
text: machines, and getting signatures on Cragie's petition.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - DAY
text: Eddie gives his sparring partner, Howard, a furious series
text: of blows, driving him back. They are kickboxing.
speaker_heading: HOWARD
dialog: Let's try the mitts for awhile.
text: Eddie nods. He sees Cragie cross the gym and exit. As Cragie
text: goes out, Donato comes in on crutches. Everybody shouts a
dialog: greeting.
text: Eddie sits down to change gloves, and take his footpads off.
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: Say, partner.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: How ya doing, Richie?
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: Swinging. How's this? Two G's, we
dialog: get a sausage and beef stand stand
text: outside Wrigley Field. You pass the
dialog: beef, I take the cash. Free games. I
dialog: got a contact downtown.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: How you gonna watch the game if you're
dialog: hawking sandwiches?
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: Never thought of that. TV? Hey, I
dialog: tell you about this nurse I met?
dialog: Talk about physical therapy.
text: The sparring partner returns, and Eddie goes back to practice.
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: She's got this friend just dying to
dialog: meet you. Intensive care.
text: Eddie grins.
text: Brennan comes up to Donato, and hands him the petition. Donato
text: signs quickly.
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: (to Eddie)
dialog: Later, partner.
text: Eddie nods to him, concentrating on the sparring.
speaker_heading: BRENNAN
dialog: Hey, Cusack. How about taking the
dialog: gloves off long enough to sign this
dialog: for Cragie.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: This about the hearing?
speaker_heading: BRENNAN
dialog: You bet.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I pass.
speaker_heading: BRENNAN
dialog: (angry)
dialog: What the fuck's the matter with you?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: He's burnt, Brennan, and you know
dialog: it. He was a good cop, but he ain't
dialog: now.
text: PUNCH! Eddie hits the mit so hard that Howard is knocked
text: back a couple of steps.
speaker_heading: BRENNAN
dialog: Get off your high horse, Cusack. He
dialog: made a couple of mistakes, OK. The
dialog: guy was a hero. What the fuck does a
dialog: bunch of civilians know about comin'
dialog: up some shithouse stairway day after
dialog: day, scared outta your shorts.
text: PUNCH! With a whirling kick, Eddie knocks the mit right out
text: of the Howard's hand, and across the gym.
text: Eddie turns to face Brennan, nose to nose.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: We're all scared, Brennan. Cragie
dialog: should have been off the street a
dialog: long time ago. He's gonna hurt
text: somebody else with his bullshit.
dialog: Maybe even you.
text: Eddie goes back to punching. Brennan storms out.
scene_heading: EXT. LATIN STREET - DAY
text: A funeral cortege makes it's way sedately down the street
text: past the Comacho owned pool hall. Two hearses, a flower car,
text: a limo, and several other cars with funeral stickers on their
text: windshields pass bye. The slain Comacho cousins from the
text: raid are being escorted to the cemetery.
text: Luis Comacho is in the limo along with the woman from the
dialog: airport.
scene_heading: INT. BRENNAN'S CAR - DAY
text: Brennan and Music are following the procession. Brennan is
text: on the radio.
speaker_heading: MUSIC
dialog: (to mike)
dialog: The funeral director says they plan
text: on cruisin right past luna's house.
scene_heading: EXT. LUNA'S STREET - DAY
text: Tito, one of Tony Luna's bodyguards, watches from the steps
text: of Luna's porch as a procession of cars follows the hearses
text: slowly up the street.
text: At the end of the block, an old man is selling produce to
text: the neighborhood housewives off the tailgate of his truck.
text: They watch the procession in wonder.
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE'S CAR - DAY
text: The cortege passes the unmarked car down the block from Tony's
text: house. Eddie is watching. Kosalas is with him.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: (to radio)
dialog: They're wastin' the show. Tony's not
text: even in town.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: He'll get the word.
text: Across the street, WE SEE another bodyguard joint Tito on
text: the front steps. They stand, arms folded, watching the
dialog: procession.
scene_heading: INT. LIMO - DAY
text: Luis Comacho takes a flower and tosses it out the window as
text: he cruises past the two goons. Their EYES LOCK. Tito walks
text: up and grinds the flower into the ground with his shoe.
scene_heading: EXT. LUNA'S STREET - DAY
text: Brennan and Music bring up the rear in their ummarked car.
scene_heading: INT. LUNA'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Tito, the body guard, picks up the phone.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE - DAY
text: At the pay phone next to a lakeside bait shop, Tony Luna is
text: getting the word. He's worried.
speaker_heading: LUNA
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: What the fuck are you talkin about?
dialog: Nobody's gonna touch nothin. Just
dialog: stay put.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I give a shit about their fuckin
dialog: parade?
text: A floozy slides up next to him, and he puts an arm around
text: her waist.
speaker_heading: LUNA
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: They wanna throw flowers we can fix
text: it so they're pushing up daisys.
text: He laughs. The girl joins in like she's supposed to.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: A tan Dodge rolls over the rutted scrapyard roadway, bouncing
text: toward the immense old warehouse along the river's edge. The
text: city seems to have abandoned this remote industrial area;
text: giant grain elevators, rusting freighters and vast scrapyards
dialog: surround us.
scene_heading: INT. POMPAS' CAR - DAY
text: Pompas and Efren Comacho drive through the gate and enter
text: the warehouse as the door opens for them.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: The car halts in the vast empty chamber. It is quickly
text: surrounded by members of the Comacho family. They begin to
text: unload the car. The trunk is filled with cases of heavy
dialog: ammunition.
text: At the back of the warehouse, other Comachos are test firing
dialog: their weapons.
scene_heading: INT. LUIS' OFFICE
text: Luis is directing things as they are preparing for battle.
text: The weaponry spread on the table is astonishing.
scene_heading: EXT. HARBOR - DAY
text: Eddie's beat up Chevy is parked beyond the line of yachts
text: toward the end of the pier. Eddie gets out of the car. Kosalas
text: looks worried.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: I can back you up.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Stay by the radio.
text: Eddie walks to the 75 foot steel cruiser tied to the end of
dialog: the pier.
text: Eddie walks up the gangplank.
scene_heading: EXT. YACHT - DAY
text: An ape in a suit, ROCCO, appears.
speaker_heading: ROCCO
dialog: What the hell you doin' here? Off,
dialog: asshole.
text: Rocco goes for Eddie. A couple of quick blows and Rocco is
text: in the water. Eddie continues up the gangway to the rear of
dialog: the boat.
scene_heading: EXT. YACHT - DAY
text: Eddie finds FELIX (THE RAIL) SCALESE sitting on a chaise
text: lounge, reading. A beautiful girl lays on her stomach on a
text: deck pad typing at a personal computer terminal.
text: Scalese looks up at Eddie. He is momentarily discombobulated,
text: but recovers.
speaker_heading: SCALESE
dialog: (referring to computer)
dialog: The modern age's answer to the crystal
dialog: ball. Marvelous. If you know how to
dialog: read it.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Listen. If you have some extra cash,
dialog: buy oranges. The price is low, and I
dialog: can promise you the threatened
dialog: trucking strike will be avoided.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: We talking about a bribe, Scalese?
speaker_heading: SCALESE
dialog: It's a prediction.
text: Another beautiful bikinied girl comes by and gives Scalese a
text: tall cool drink.
speaker_heading: SCALESE
dialog: No. I wouldn't try to bribe Eddie
dialog: Cusack.
text: He drops the name with a smile. Eddie doesn't react.
speaker_heading: SCALESE
dialog: You're incorruptible. Untarnished. I
dialog: hear they call you stainless steel
dialog: on the street. Me, I think you're a
dialog: fuckin' pain in the ass.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: SCALESE
dialog: (frowning)
dialog: It's not a compliment.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I'm looking for your nephew.
speaker_heading: SCALESE
dialog: Tony? Forget it. Tony Luna's none of
dialog: your business.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Wrong. Tony just made himself my
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: SCALESE
dialog: No he didn't. We take care of our
dialog: own. Just like the cops. Just like
dialog: the Comachos. You understand.
text: Eddie sits down next to Scalese and looks him in the eye.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: He shit on my turf, old man. And I'm
dialog: going to nail him and anybody else
dialog: tied to him. You understand, Felix?
speaker_heading: SCALESE
dialog: (with cool rage)
text: Nobody threatens Felix Scalese.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (softly)
text: It's not a threat. It's a prediction.
text: On the shore, Kosalas is honking the car horn to get Eddie's
text: attention. Eddie rises.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: There's a shitstorm coming. You better
dialog: get yourself a good umbrella.
text: The girl at the computer terminal watches him leave.
scene_heading: EXT. YACHT - DAY
text: Eddie walks by as Rocco, soaking wet, is pulling himself
text: from the water. Eddie pushes him into the water again.
text: Kosalas is still sounding the HORN.
scene_heading: EXT. HARBOR - DAY
text: Eddie runs toward the car.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING LOT - DAY
text: A body lies in the flowers in the service area next to the
text: giant greenhouse. Several unmarked cars and two blue and
text: whites are parked in the dirt drive as Eddie and Kosalas
text: pull up. The cops have roped off the area. Music and Brennan
dialog: are there.
text: Eddie looks at the body as Music comes over.
speaker_heading: MUSIC
text: Tony Luna's bagman.
text: Kosalas looks at the body.
speaker_heading: MUSIC
dialog: They call that a Columbian necktie.
text: Kosalas winces.
speaker_heading: MUSIC
dialog: They found the manager of Tony's
text: restaurant hanging from a hook in
text: his kitchen. Looked like someone
text: tried to carve a canoe out of him.
text: Tony's used car lot on Ashland is
text: burning as we speak. The head salesman
text: is a fried zuccini.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: Oh Jesus. It's starting.
text: Eddie stands to one side.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Let's go.
scene_heading: EXT. LUNA'S STREET - DAY
text: A kid on a bike makes his way up the quiet tree-lined street,
text: tossing newspapers onto the porches of the block.
text: Around the corner at the end of the block, the produce truck
text: starts slowly forward. As it turns onto Luna's block, a car
text: pulls up behind it and stops, blocking the street.
text: The produce truck parks at the curb in front of the Luna
text: house. A neighbor from across the street approaches. The
text: front door of Luna's house opens, and Tito emerges, helping
text: Tony's aged mother down the steps to buy vegetables.
scene_heading: INT. PRODUCE TRUCK - DAY
text: On the floor near the wheelwell is the dead produce man.
scene_heading: EXT. LUNA'S STREET - DAY
text: The rear doors of the produce truck swing open. The neighbor,
text: Tito, and Tony's mother are instantly killed.
text: From outside three Comachos enter the open front door of the
text: Luna house. We hear the SOUND of MUFFLED GUNFIRE from inside.
scene_heading: INT. LUNA'S HOUSE - DAY
text: Bits and pieces. A Shattered orange juice container. Eggs
text: cooking on the stove. A woman's vanity.
text: On the floor; a woman's legs, a housecoat, slippers. A
text: silhouette of a Comacho in the hallway RAKING one of Tony's
dialog: guards.
text: A family photo on the mantle which includes Diana and her
text: father is BLASTED to bits.
scene_heading: EXT. LUNA'S BACK YARD - DAY
text: One of Tony's men tries to escape through the back of the
text: house. He is pursued by a Comacho who guns him down.
scene_heading: EXT. LUNA'S STREET - DAY
text: Luis Comacho sits in a car in the next block surveying the
text: scene. The cousins are walking briskly out. They jump in a
text: car and drive off.
scene_heading: INT. LUIS' CAR - DAY
text: Luis nods to his driver. They pull away.
scene_heading: EXT. LUNA'S STREET - DAY
text: The street is QUIET again. Next door, a neighbor, wearing
text: only his underpants and carrying an old pistol, stands
text: trembling in disbelief.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE - DAY
text: Pines reflect in the dappled lake as Tony Luna rows slowly
text: for shore. He ties up at the dock. He's taking his tackle
text: out of the boat when one of his boys comes running down to
dialog: the dock.
text: We cannot hear the conversation but we can see Tony drop the
text: tackle box and we can hear his SCREAM echo across the water.
scene_heading: EXT. EDDIE'S STREET - DAY
text: Eddie runs down the rear stairs to Kosalas' unmarked car. He
text: opens the driver's door, pushes Kosalas across the seat, and
text: gets behind the wheel. He PEELS OUT.
scene_heading: INT. UNMARKED CAR - DAY
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
text: Music's at the scene.
text: Eddie picks up the mike.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (to mike)
dialog: Was there a girl? Late teens. Reddish
dialog: hair.
speaker_heading: MUSIC (V.O.)
dialog: (on radio)
text: Two male caucasians, two female. One
dialog: mid-to-late forties. The other a
dialog: grandmother.
text: With the SIREN full out, LEANING ON the HORN, he simply puts
text: his foot on the floor and sends the car into a four wheel
text: drift that slides into a neat U-turn.
scene_heading: EXT. LIBRARY - DAY
text: Eddie leaves the car running, and burst through the main
text: entrance flashing his badge at the stunned security guards.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - DAY
text: Eddie races through the corridors and reading rooms searching,
text: Kosalas arriving at his heels.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - DAY
text: Gamiani tells Diana about her mother and grandmother.
scene_heading: INT. LIBRARY - DAY
text: Three Comachos; Pompas, Efren, and ANGEL, search for Diana.
scene_heading: EXT. LIBRARY - DAY
text: Lou Gamiani emerges from the building with Diana. She is
text: terrified.
text: He checks out the scene, then descends the crowded steps and
text: crosses the street, keeping a sharp lookout.
scene_heading: EXT. FLOWER SHOP - DAY
text: Luis and Victor Comacho loiter by the outdoor flower stand
text: next to the library. They watch the activity on the library
dialog: steps.
scene_heading: EXT. LIBRARY - DAY
text: Distracted for an instant by a cluster of conventioneers,
text: Lou fails to notice the two Comachos who have fallen in step
text: behind them. He goes down with a gasp, almost silently, a
text: knife sticking from his back. A Comacho grabs Diana's arm.
text: She jabs him in the eyes, and runs.
text: Diana disappears into the crowd.
text: Hysterical citizens scatter in all directions. A woman stands
text: in horror unable to keep from looking at Gamiani's body lying
text: on the sidewalk. She SCREAMS.
text: Eddie and Kosalas come crashing out of the entrance of the
dialog: museum.
text: The girl isn't here.
text: Eddie spots a commotion at the end of the block, under the
dialog: el station.
text: He dashes down the steps and across the street with traffic
text: screeching to a halt.
text: Kosalas flags down a blue and white, and barks for backup,
text: then tears out after Eddie.
scene_heading: EXT. WABASH AVENUE - DAY
text: In the shadow of the el tracks, Diana runs for her life,
text: racing north on Wabash through crowds of shoppers with the
text: Comachos moving relentlessly a half block behind.
text: Opposite Marshall Field's, she abruptly cuts across traffic
text: and runs into an alley between the giant men's and women's
dialog: stores.
text: With terror in her eyes, Diana runs, searching frantically
text: for a guard, a policeman, somebody with a gun. But the
text: Comachos are closing in on her.
text: She dives through a revolving door into the building.
scene_heading: INT. DEPARTMENT STORE - DAY
text: Diana runs past the perfume displays, notions, and lingerie,
text: and out the Randolph Street exit.
scene_heading: EXT. RANDOLPH STREET - DAY
text: Two Camachos, who stayed on the street, spot her as she
dialog: leaves.
text: Racing through the alley, Eddie spots them running in the
text: next block.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE STREET - DAY
text: Running east on Lake Street, she glances over her shoulder.
text: She doesn't see them. She ducks into the alley. But the
text: Comachos round the corner just in time to catch a glimpse of
dialog: her.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - DAY
text: This alley leads to the lower level of Michigan Avenue. She
text: turns back to find the exit blocked by the Comachos. She
text: flees downward.
scene_heading: INT. LOWER MICHIGAN - DAY
text: The green flourescents of the "Emerald City" give a deathly
text: cast to the underground street as Diana rounds the corner,
text: and collapses against the wall. Her heart pounding like a
text: frightened deer, she has run as far as she can.
text: Pompas Comacho and two of his colleagues come racing around
text: the corner. They spot her crouched against the wall.
text: She starts to SCREAM but Angel grabs her by the collar and
text: pulls her up to his face and she stops, wide-eyed with terror
text: as he touches her throat with his knife.
speaker_heading: POMPAS
dialog: Come on, Chika. We gonna have some
dialog: fun. You gonna take us to your father.
text: We hear a loud metallic CLICK. We see the barrel of a huge
text: revolver. They wheel to see Eddie crouched, gun drawn, in
text: the alley entrance.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Pompas, you're getting to be a fucking
dialog: pain in the ass.
text: The boys put their hands up, but Eddie doesn't see the third,
text: SAMO, coming up behind him.
text: Angel grabs Diana by the hair, shielding himself, and starts
text: backing up the stairs that lead to the street.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Let her go, pooch.
text: Samo jumps Eddie, and the gun goes flying. It hits the
text: pavement and bounces off the high curb into the street.
text: In a staggering blur Eddie takes out the Comachos, kicking
text: the last one end over end. But Angel and the girl have
text: disappeared to the street above.
text: Eddie retrieves his gun and runs up the steps.
scene_heading: EXT. STATE LAKE EL STATION - DAY
text: With a knife at her side, Angel Comacho leads Diana up the
text: steps of the old el station. They pass through the turnstyle
text: out onto the platform just as the train pulls to in. Angel
text: forces her onto the train.
text: Eddie comes pounding up the steps and onto the platform just
text: in time to stop the closing train door with his foot.
scene_heading: INT. EL TRAIN - DAY
text: Eddie wedges his way aboard and the train pulls out. The
text: passengers looks at him like he's crazy.
text: Eddie works his way through the cars toward the rear.
text: Angel spots him. Knife still in hand, he pulls Diana from
text: car to car past the terrified passengers until finally he is
text: cornered at the end of the train. Angel searches frantically
dialog: for a way out.
text: Eddie enters. Diana sees him.
speaker_heading: ANGEL
text: Another step, and I take her head
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You don't have the balls.
text: Eddie takes another step.
text: Diana slams her elbow into Angel's groin, and breaks free.
text: Angel jumps back. He breaks open the rear door and climbs
dialog: out.
scene_heading: EXT. EL TRAIN - DAY
text: Angel climbs up the back of the car onto the roof.
text: Eddie's right behind him.
text: The spectacular pursuit from car to car on the roof of the
text: speeding el train is witnessed by startled second-floor
text: secretaries whose desks look directly out at the roof of the
text: passing cars.
scene_heading: VERY HIGH ANGLE
text: Angel and Eddie's figures appear as specks, roaring through
text: the canyon of skyscrapers.
speaker_heading: ON TRAIN ROOF
text: A low bridge forces both men to hug the roof of the train.
text: Eddie recovers first and grabs Angel, pulling him down. They
text: roll from side to side on the roof, nearly slipping over the
text: side. With a desperate shove, Angel breaks free. Eddie points
text: his gun at him. The train is now over the Chicago River.
text: Angel dives into the water.
text: Eddie reholsters his gun and dives in after him.
scene_heading: INT. EL TRAIN - DAY
text: We see Diana's looking out the window of the train. She
text: follows Eddie's decent with her eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER - DAY
text: Dozens of startled pedestrians line the bridge railing as
text: Eddie swims toward Angel, bobbing in the middle of the stream.
text: A hotdogger in a speedboat is racing up the river and Angel
text: is directly in his path. The skipper, showing off for his
text: passengers, doesn't notice him until he hears the sickening
text: THUNK under the keel. The boat's wake is suddenly red with
dialog: blood.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER BANK - DAY
text: Eddie is helped from the water by a couple of passersby.
text: He stands there, soaking wet, looking around.
text: A crowd is gathering. We hear SIRENS in the background. Then
text: he spots her.
text: Diana is standing on the bridge watching him.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE - DAY
text: Eddie walks to Diana, and she folds into his arms. He holds
dialog: her a second.
scene_heading: EXT. LAGOON - DAY
text: Eddie, now in dry clothes, and Diana walk along the lagoon.
text: They talk, argue, and she sits on a bench and cries. Eddie
text: comforts her.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Where are you taking me?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Downtown first. Then I'm gonna place
dialog: you in protective custody.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: The hell you are!
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You'll be safe --
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: I'll take my chances.
dialog: NOTE: Ad lib dialogue throughout scene for possible later
dialog: use.
dialog: NOTE: Radio newscast describing the Luna killings can be
text: mixed with the above dialogue.
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE'S HALL - NIGHT
text: Eddie and Diana climb the stairs.
scene_heading: INT. PIRELLI'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: The DOORBELL buzzes repeatedly.
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: (shouts)
dialog: Keep your goddamn pants on!
text: Pirelli, padding across the floor in his shorts, looks like
text: a bear called out of hibernation. He has a service revolver
text: in his hand. He peers through the peep hole, then unbolts
text: the door.
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: This your idea of a social call?
text: Eddie enters with Diana.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Fred Pirelli, this is Diana. Diana
dialog: Luna.
text: Pirelli reacts to the name.
text: Diana is in a daze, close to shock.
text: Pirelli takes her and leads her to the couch.
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: C'mon, kid. Let's get you off your
dialog: feet.
text: Eddie motions him aside.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Can you put her up till I find her
dialog: old man?
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: Does a bear...?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Am I putting you on the spot?
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: I spent 30 years on the spot. What
dialog: ever you need.
text: Eddie starts to go, and Diana reacts, suddenly frightened.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Eddie?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I'll be right across the hall. I'm
dialog: just gonna clean up.
text: He leaves.
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE'S APARTMENT
text: Eddie falls fully clothed onto the mattress. The PHONE RINGS.
text: He rolls over in disbelief, staring at the ceiling.
text: It RINGS, and RINGS again and again and again. He finally
text: picks it up.
scene_heading: INT. TAVERN - NIGHT
text: This is the after-hours watering hole for the police force
text: and half the cops we've seen so far, including Cragie, are
text: clustered at the bar or playing darts at the back of the
text: room. There are a half a dozen women there also. Three of
dialog: them are cops.
text: Kosalas is here too. He's been drinking. He leans against
text: the wall talking on the pay phone by the men's room.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: Say, Eddie. Why don' you come by and
dialog: tip a few?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Cause I gotta talk to you.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Yeah, I know. But we gotta talk.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Please.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Yeah, at Mike's.
text: He hangs up and heads back to his table, passing Officer
text: Music at the bar.
speaker_heading: MUSIC
dialog: You oughta crash, man. You had a
dialog: helluva day.
scene_heading: EXT. TAVERN - NIGHT
text: Two tough looking guys are watching the entrance to the bar
text: from a car parked across the street. We can HEAR the NOISE
speaker_heading: from the BAR.
speaker_heading: FIRST HOOD
dialog: Love it, Flash. Gonna be a slide.
dialog: Easy in, easy out.
speaker_heading: SECOND HOOD
dialog: Just a quick and dirty?
speaker_heading: FIRST HOOD
dialog: Yeah, yeah, nothin to it. You know
dialog: the drill.
text: They check their weapons.
scene_heading: INT. TAVERN - NIGHT
text: Everybody but Kosalas is having a good time. Donato, flanked
text: by two girls, foot up on a chair, entertains a small crowd.
speaker_heading: DONATO
text: He picks her up on Forty-third, and
dialog: he's takin' in. She says, "Say, baby.
dialog: Ain't no need for goin' downtown."
dialog: An' she pulls back her skirt. So the
dialog: dumb shit climbs in the back an'
dialog: takes a piece...
dialog: (starts to chuckle)
dialog: ...an' leaves the keys in the front
text: and locks the two of 'em in the squad.
dialog: And he hasta kick out the window
dialog: see, an' she starts screamin', "Rape!
dialog: Rape!" An' they charge him with rape
dialog: an' every other fuckin' thing in the
dialog: book. Internal Affairs is gonna give
dialog: him a kayak and a lantern an' put
text: him out in the lake.
text: A group laughs at the story. There is a stillness at the
text: front door. One of the hoods from outside steps in. He wears
text: a leather coat.
text: The heads at the bar turn.
text: He walks the length of the bar and enters the john. He is
text: obviously out of place in this saloon. Nobody has both hands
text: on the bar.
text: The front door opens. The other hood steps in, walks up to
text: the bar, and orders.
speaker_heading: SECOND HOOD
dialog: Bartender. Gimme a black russian and
dialog: a Courvoisier.
text: The First Hood comes out of the bathroom and walks up to the
text: bar. Suddenly he whips a sawed-off shotgun from under his
dialog: coat.
speaker_heading: FIRST HOOD
dialog: (bellows)
dialog: Yo! Get your hands up motherfuckers.
dialog: This is a ho --
text: THIRTY HAMMERS CLICK. Thirty guns are drawn.
text: The room is frozen. Only the JUKEBOX makes a sound. The two
text: hoods, eyes fixed on the array of iron pointed at them, can't
dialog: even swallow. Finally...
speaker_heading: SECOND HOOD
dialog: (to partner)
dialog: You stupid motherfucker.
text: The cops swarm the hoods and in an instant they are on the
text: floor being cuffed and roughly handled. Kosalas is at the
text: end of the bar, frozen, his gun still in his holster.
scene_heading: EXT. TAVERN - NIGHT
text: Eddie gets out of his car and heads for the front door.
scene_heading: INT. TAVERN - NIGHT
text: The place is in an uproar -- everybody doubled up with
text: LAUGHTER -- as the two luckless hoods, handcuffed together,
text: are lying on the filthy tavern floor under a table. They
text: continue to berate each other.
text: Eddie enters.
speaker_heading: SECOND HOOD
dialog: My old lady tol' me you was fucked
dialog: up in the head. Do I listen? Piece o
dialog: cake, you say. Snap, you say. Nothin
dialog: to it, you say.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Shut up over there.
text: Donato spots Eddie and calls to him.
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: Eddie! Partner! Meet Ruthie. Dental
text: Hygienist. She's oral.
text: Ruthie giggles.
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: And this is... Marlene. She works
dialog: for a proctologist.
text: Marlene swats at him.
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: Siddown, partner. I got a proposition
dialog: for you.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Not now, Donato.
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: O.K. O.K. But just let me plant two
dialog: words in your brain. Alligator
dialog: farming.
text: Eddie shakes his head and walks to the back of the room where
text: Kosalas sits hunched over a drink, the only man in the room
text: not laughing. He looks up whens Eddie pulls over a chair.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: Beer?
text: Eddie nods, and Kosalas signals the waitress. There is a
text: long beat at Kosalas fidgets and Eddie waits.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: Looks like I'm caught between the
dialog: rock and the hard place, Sarge.
text: Eddie just looks at him.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: You know I really wanted to be a
dialog: good cop, but... shit. It's hard
dialog: enough sometimes just to stay alive.
dialog: Comes so easy to you. You got all
dialog: the fuckin' answers. Me, I'm still
dialog: tryin' to find the questions.
text: Eddie is still silent. Kosalas takes a swig of his beer, and
text: finally blurts is out.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
text: Cragie planted the gun on the kid.
dialog: Just wasted him, and then I... I
dialog: don't know what to do about the
dialog: hearing tomorrow...
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Tell the truth.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: See. It's all so nothin' for you. If
dialog: I talk straight every cop on the
dialog: force will shit on me. If I don't...
text: Cragie gets away with murder.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: And the chance to do it again. Next
dialog: time he might take away a cop. That
dialog: make any difference?
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: He's my partner.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Your partner's selling you out,
text: Kosalas. He kills an unarmed kid,
dialog: and now he's risking your ass to
dialog: save his own.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: It was a mistake.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: It cost an innocent kid his life.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: I know that! I KNOW THAT!
text: He is too loud, and attracts attention.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Jesus. I see that kid's face every
text: time I close my eyes.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Tell 'em like it is, Nick. I'll back
dialog: you up.
text: Eddie gets up and walks away.
scene_heading: INT. TAVERN - NIGHT
text: The two amateur holdup men are being hustled out to the paddy
text: wagon as Eddie heads for the door. Someone grabs his arm.
text: It's Cragie, a little drunk.
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
dialog: Nice to see you out with the boys
dialog: for a change, Sarge.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Hello, Cragie.
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
dialog: They tell me my Sergeant wouldn't
dialog: sign for me. You want to tell me
dialog: why?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You know why.
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
dialog: No. Tell me.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (gently)
dialog: You were a good cop for a lot of
dialog: years. You've passed your limit now
dialog: Cragie.
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
dialog: Fuck you. Where do you get off?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Right about here.
text: Eddie walks out the door.
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE'S HALL - NIGHT
text: Eddie buzzes the door. Pirelli opens it. He lets Eddie in,
text: scans the hall, and closes it.
scene_heading: INT. PIRELLI'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Pirelli sets down his gun, and pours Eddie a cup of coffee.
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: She's havin' a bad night. Gave her a
text: shot of brandy. Maybe she'll sleep.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Giving liquor to a minor, Pirelli?
text: He turns to leave.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I'll be back right after the hearing
dialog: tomorrow, and you can get some sleep
dialog: then.
scene_heading: INT. PIRELLI'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Eddie cracks the door and peeks in. Diana sits on the bed, a
text: lonely forlorn figure.
text: She looks at Eddie, and tries a smile that fails.
text: Eddie walks over to sit on the bed next to her.
text: She falls apart, and lies down, on the verge of crying,
text: collapsing so that her head rest in Eddie's lap.
text: They are quiet like that for a moment, she curled into a
text: ball, Eddie stroking her hair.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: What do you do when you don't have
dialog: anyone?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You find someone.
text: She looks up at him.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: Could you... Hold me for a while?
text: Eddie lays on the bed beside her. She curls up in his arms,
text: and closes her eyes. Eddie's eyes remain open.
scene_heading: INT. HEARING ROOM - DAY
dialog: The Civilian Review Board is in the Office of Professional
text: Standards. The panel consists of eight civilians. It is a
text: real cross-section of the city of Chicago. Leon Partida chairs
text: the proceedings. We recognize several faces from the opening
dialog: bust.
text: An old Mexican woman is on the stand facing the panel. Cragie
text: sits at a table with his representative, facing the officials.
text: A female panel member is questioning the old woman.
scene_heading: MALE PANEL MEMBER
dialog: How far were you standing from where
dialog: your grandson was shot, Mrs. Murillio?
text: The question must be TRANSLATED by a bumbling clerk, the old
text: woman answers in Spanish, then the answer is translated.
speaker_heading: CLERK
text: In the next doorway. Four meters.
text: The room is packed. In addition to the police officers,
text: character witnesses, and friends of the dead kid, there are
text: a dozen reporters.
text: Eddie enters and looks over the scene. He nods to Donato,
text: sitting at the rail with his foot propped up.
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: How you doin', Sarge?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: What's the score?
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: (nods toward witness)
dialog: Kid's grandmother says Cragie threw
text: down the pistola.
text: Eddie takes a seat. Officer Cragie is called back to the
dialog: witness stand.
speaker_heading: PARTIDA
dialog: (to steno)
text: Officer Cragie has already been sworn.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Officer Cragie, you have heard Mrs.
dialog: Murillio's testimony --
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Cragie is neat as a pin, humble, cooperative to a fault.
speaker_heading: PARTIDA
dialog: You have heard her tell this panel
dialog: that she saw you lay the gun in her
text: grandson's hand.
text: He feigns compassion.
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
dialog: I'm not saying the woman would make
dialog: this up. But there's no way she could
dialog: have seen anything from where she
text: was standing in a hallway that dark.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Like you said, she's the boy's
dialog: grandmother.
speaker_heading: PARTIDA
dialog: If it was dark, Officer, how were
dialog: you sure Vega had a gun?
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
text: We were lucky. There was a glint of
text: light, a reflection comin off the
text: barrel of the weapon.
scene_heading: EXT. EDDIE'S ALLEY - DAY
text: A carload of Comachos, including Luis, cruises down the street
text: and parks in the alley next to Eddie's building.
scene_heading: INT. OPS HALL - DAY
text: The hearing is in recess and the hall is filled with smokers
dialog: and coffee drinkers.
text: Eddie is getting a BUSY SIGNAL on the pay phone.
text: Donato approaches.
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: You think he'll get a pass?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You heard it all. What do you think?
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: If the hearing was over I'd have to
dialog: put my money on the old lady.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: But Kosalas's next. My bet's on
dialog: Cragie.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: The kid may surprise you.
text: Eddie dials the number again. Still a busy signal.
scene_heading: INT. PIRELLI'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Pirelli has Eddie's answering machine plugged in, and is
text: tinkering with the insides.
text: Diana comes into the living room, toweling her wet hair,
text: just out of the shower, but in her street clothes.
scene_heading: INT. HEARING ROOM - DAY
text: Kosalas is on the witness stand.
speaker_heading: PARTIDA
dialog: And right after you heard Officer
dialog: Cragie's gun discharge, what did you
dialog: do then?
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
text: I immediately advanced down the hall.
speaker_heading: PARTIDA
dialog: And what did you see?
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
text: The deceased, Vega, lying on the
text: floor. Officer Cragie was checking
text: his vital signs.
speaker_heading: PARTIDA
dialog: What happened then?
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: We recovered a .25 calibre automatic
text: from the teenager's right hand.
speaker_heading: PARTIDA
dialog: Did you see that weapon in Vega's
dialog: hand before Officer Cragie fired?
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Cragie leans back.
text: A ripple is felt in the crowd. The reaction of the boy's
text: relatives, delayed by translation, is one of outrage.
speaker_heading: PARTIDA
dialog: No more questions.
text: As Kosalas steps down he keeps his eyes on the floor ahead
text: of him avoiding eye contact.
text: Eddie leans back in his seat. A couple of people get up and
text: head for the door.
text: Eddie gets to his feet and heads for the door. Partida hits
text: the gavel.
speaker_heading: PARTIDA
dialog: I'd like to now call Sergeant Cusack.
text: Eddie halts with his hand on the knob.
scene_heading: INT. PIRELLI'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Pirelli works on the answering machine, but the phone is
text: reconnected. Diana is looking at photographs on the wall.
speaker_heading: DIANA
dialog: You made that uniform look good.
text: Pirelli looks up.
speaker_heading: PIRELLI
dialog: That good looking gorilla next to me
dialog: is Eddie's father. Better than good
text: cop. Killed in the line of duty.
dialog: '71.
dialog: (pause)
text: Another cop shot him. An accident.
text: He goes back to the machine.
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE'S HALL - DAY
text: The Comachos come up the stairs, led by Luis. They stop at
text: Eddie's door. They pull out their guns, and kick the door
dialog: in.
text: Across the hall, Pirelli's door opens, and Pirelli, holding
text: his pistol steps into the hall.
text: The Comachos turn and fire, blasting Pirelli back into his
dialog: apartment.
text: Through the open door we see Diana dash across the living
dialog: room.
scene_heading: INT. PIRELLI'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Luis and his men burst in.
text: Diana runs for the phone.
text: A Comacho takes it from her and rips it from the wall.
text: Diana is caught by two Comachos.
scene_heading: INT. HEARING ROOM - DAY
text: Eddie is on the witness stand.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I can't comment on that. It was over
dialog: before I got there.
speaker_heading: PARTIDA
dialog: You are his superior officer, are
dialog: you not?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Cragie's in my unit, yes.
speaker_heading: PARTIDA
dialog: Did you give the men their various
dialog: assignments?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I did.
speaker_heading: PARTIDA
dialog: Did you request that officer Cragie
dialog: be on your TAC team?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: No, I didn't.
text: Partida lifts a document from the table.
speaker_heading: PARTIDA
dialog: Sergeant... I have here a department
dialog: document dated 24 September, of last
dialog: year. It is a request by you, to
dialog: your superiors, to have Officer Cragie
dialog: transferred to another unit. Are you
dialog: familiar with this document?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yes.
text: The room listens to every word.
speaker_heading: PARTIDA
dialog: Why did you request his transfer?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Maybe 30 years is too long for anyone
dialog: to look at the city's guts, Mr.
dialog: Partida.
speaker_heading: PARTIDA
dialog: What happened to this request?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: It was denied.
text: Partida lifts another document.
speaker_heading: PARTIDA
dialog: This is a letter of support for
dialog: Officer Cragie.
dialog: (hands it to him)
dialog: Everyone in his unit signed it but
dialog: you.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Why?
text: Eddie glances over the letter and hands it back.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I don't agree with what it says.
speaker_heading: PARTIDA
dialog: Are you saying you do not believe
text: Officer Cragie is fit to work the
dialog: streets of Chicago?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: That's what I'm saying.
scene_heading: INT. OPS HALL - DAY
text: The reporters are clustered around Eddie as he emerges but
text: he walks past them back to the pay phone. He puts in a quarter
text: and dials. Frowns.
text: The cops in the corridor are passing the word about Eddie's
text: testimony, discussing it in little clusters. Their appearance
text: is frightening. Eddie dials another number.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (to phone)
dialog: I just dialed 348-6610, and I get
dialog: this funny buzz. Check the line for
dialog: me? Thanks.
text: Cragie, backed up by a couple of buddies, comes up to him.
speaker_heading: BRENNAN
dialog: Seems to me the man's got his tongue
text: stuck to his asshole, Cragie.
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
dialog: Hey, that don't bother him. He's the
dialog: fuckin White Knight.
dialog: (to Eddie)
dialog: You wanna take on the whole world by
dialog: yourself? Now you're gonna get your
dialog: chance, Sarge.
text: They walk down the hall.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: (from phone)
dialog: Sorry, sir, that number seems to be
dialog: out of service. I've reported it.
text: Eddie drops the phone.
scene_heading: INT. OPS HALL - DAY
text: Eddie races down the hallway past hostile clusters of former
dialog: friends.
scene_heading: EXT. EDDIE'S CAR - DAY
text: Roaring north on the boulevard without regard to traffic,
text: Eddie speeds toward his house in his rattling Chevy.
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE'S CAR - DAY
text: Eddie rockets through the red lights LEANING on his HORN.
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE'S HALL - DAY
text: Eddie runs up the stairs, and slows when he sees Odell. The
text: boy is sitting on the floor, head in his hands, crying.
text: Just past Odell, several uniformed policemen are standing
text: over Pirelli's body. They step back as Eddie approaches.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: He was a friend of yours wasn't he?
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Yeah.
scene_heading: INT. PIRELLI'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Eddie hurries to the bedroom and back. He rushes out of the
dialog: apartment.
scene_heading: EXT. EDDIE'S STREET - DAY
text: Eddie runs for the Chevy and peels away from the curb.
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE'S CAR - DAY
text: Eddie is on the radio, speeding west on Diversey Parkway.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: (to mike)
dialog: Squad, this is 1462. I need a backup.
dialog: Have 64 and 63 from TAC 4 meet me at
text: the billiard parlor on 18th near
text: Halsted. Questioning suspects.
scene_heading: EXT. BRENNAN'S CAR - DAY
text: Music is standing on a streetcorner talking to a couple of
dialog: hookers.
text: Down the street, Brennan waits in their unmarked car.
scene_heading: INT. BRENNAN'S CAR - DAY
speaker_heading: DISPATCH (V.O.)
dialog: (from speaker)
dialog: 1463 and 1464, Unit 1462 requesting
text: assistance at the poolroom on 18th
text: Street near Halsted. Questioning a
dialog: suspect.
text: Brennan picks up the mike.
speaker_heading: BRENNAN
dialog: (to mike)
text: Ten-four, Dispatch. Unit 1463
dialog: responding.
text: Music returns to the car and gets in.
speaker_heading: BRENNAN
dialog: I could use a cup of coffee.
scene_heading: EXT. POOL HALL - DAY
text: Eddie squeals to a stop, hops out of the car, starts for the
dialog: pool hall.
text: Eddie enters the poolhall.
scene_heading: INT. POOL HALL - DAY
text: The place is busy. Everybody in sight is either mean or ugly.
text: Eddie enters and a dozen pair of eyes are on him.
text: The pool players not connected with this confrontation take
text: one look at him, hang up their cues, and split.
text: Eddie heads for the back of the room. A pair of heavyweights
text: fall in behind him. One of them grabs Eddie.
speaker_heading: HEAVY
dialog: Hey, you ain't got no business back
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: I want your opinion I'll beat it out
dialog: of you.
text: Eddie spins with deadly precision and catches them in mid-
text: step and they go down like gut-shot rhinos.
text: He heads for the rear hallway and everybody clears a path.
text: He steps up to the door in back and kicks it in.
scene_heading: INT. POOL HALL BACK ROOM - DAY
text: A startled Camacho, DEGAS, looks up, straw in hand with a
text: line of coke on a mirror on his desk.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Where is Luis?
speaker_heading: DEGAS
dialog: Get the hell out of here.
text: Eddie grabs Degas by the hair and starts slamming his face
text: into the mirror which shatters with every blow.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Talk to me, Degas, or I'll hit you
dialog: with so many lefts you're gonna beg
dialog: for a right.
text: He holds up Degas' head to look him in the eye. Blood and
text: cocaine stain the man's face.
speaker_heading: DEGAS
text: He's coming here. He's on his way.
text: Eddie lifts the head once and gives Degas one punch in the
text: face that sends him ass over teakettle across the floor.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE COMMUNICATIONS ROOM - DAY
text: Beneath the lighted map of Area 4, the police dispatcher
text: trying to raise Eddie's backup.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER
dialog: We need a verification on a back-up
dialog: for Unit 1462...
text: The dispatcher at the next panel overhears the call.
scene_heading: SECOND DISPATCHER
dialog: 1462. That's Cusack, right?
text: First dispatcher nods.
scene_heading: SECOND DISPATCHER
dialog: Good luck finding a backup for that
dialog: character.
scene_heading: INT. POOL HALL - DAY
text: Eddie opens the door and emerges from the back room. A dozen
text: Comacho goons have gathered. Behind them are another two
text: dozen hostile spectators. But no sign of the backup.
text: He pulls out his gun. The remaining innocent bystanders split
text: for the exit. Eddie walks forward into the room. The Comachos
text: and their soldiers stand around him. Several have guns.
text: Eddie keeps them under the point of his gun. He gets to the
text: door and has to turn his back on it to keep the gang in his
text: sights.
text: A gun is pressed into Eddie's back. He drops his gun.
text: Luis kicks Eddie across the room. Eddie lands at the feet of
dialog: the gang.
speaker_heading: LUIS
dialog: Take him apart.
text: Eddie springs to his feet, and in the same motion decks his
text: nearest attacker. The battle is on. Hardwood pool cues crack
text: around him.
text: The first four or five never get a chance to lay a finger on
text: him. Battered and broken, they litter the billiard tables
text: and floor. But Eddie is outnumbered 20 to 1.
scene_heading: INT. TAVERN - DAY
text: Cragie and Kosalas sit at the bar. The TV is off, and the
text: few customers pay attention to the police monitor.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER (V.O.)
dialog: (from radio)
dialog: ...request verification for backup
dialog: for unit 1462. Patrol 47, are you in
dialog: the area.
speaker_heading: OFFICER (V.O.)
dialog: (from radio)
dialog: Squad. 47. We're having vehicular
text: problems. Not able to respond.
text: Cragie smiles. Kosalas looks ashamed.
scene_heading: EXT. SQUAD CAR - DAY
text: Two uniformed police sit in a cruiser.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER (V.O.)
dialog: (from radio)
dialog: ...need backup at 18th and Halstead...
text: One cop turns to the other.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Fuck him.
scene_heading: INT. POOL HALL - DAY
text: Coming at Eddie now from all sides, the Comachos wear into
text: him. Finally they begin to connect. Blind-sided, he goes
text: down and they are on him like jackals.
text: They drag him to the top of the rear stairs, and kick him
text: down to the alley.
text: It seems like they are about to finish him off when suddenly
text: all is quiet. The crowd parts. Eddie looks up through swollen
text: eyes to see Luis Comacho standing above him, cool as ice.
text: Luis reaches down and pulls Eddie's head up by the ear.
speaker_heading: LUIS
dialog: The sun comes up. You give me Luna,
text: or the girl dies -- slow.
text: Luis kicks him in the face.
scene_heading: EXT. POOL HALL ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Eddie opens a bloody eye and looks over his surroundings.
text: He's alone. He moves, a joint at a time, checking himself
dialog: out.
text: Staggering to his feet, he opens a spiggot on the wall. He
text: lets the cold water wash over his head.
scene_heading: INT. POOL HALL - NIGHT
text: Donato hobbles through the deserted pool hall, his pistol in
text: his hand.
scene_heading: EXT. POOL HALL ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Donato comes out the back door of the poolhall, and finds
text: Eddie sitting on his haunches and resting against a wall
text: between two garbage cans.
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: I would have been here, Sarge. They
dialog: kept it from me.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You're Ok, Hopalong.
text: Donato holsters his gun, and helps Eddie to his feet.
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: Listen, I'm havin' a drink with this
dialog: friend of mine, name of Mickie. She
text: works on a computer over in the
dialog: Federal Building, FBI. I got here as
dialog: soon as I heard.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: They got Diana Luna.
speaker_heading: DONATO
dialog: That's what I'm tryin' to tell ya.
dialog: Mickie told me she read on the wire
dialog: Tony Luna's comin' into Union Station
dialog: at ten tonight.
text: Eddie runs down the alley toward his car.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION - NIGHT
text: Eddie's car pulls up. He gets out and runs inside.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN STATION - NIGHT
text: A train sits at the platform. Tony Luna is walking down the
dialog: platform.
scene_heading: INT. TRAIN STATION - NIGHT
text: Eddie runs through the cavernous lobby.
scene_heading: EXT. TRAIN STATION - NIGHT
text: Eddie arrives in time to see Tony step into a waiting Cadillac
text: that immediately takes off.
text: Eddie races up the ramp to his car.
scene_heading: EXT. UNION STATION - NIGHT
text: Eddie jumps into his car, and roars away in pursuit of the
dialog: Cadillac.
scene_heading: EXT. CADILLAC - NIGHT
text: Tony settles in, and then sees Scalese sitting calmly in the
text: back seat.
speaker_heading: TONY LUNA
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Hello, Felix.
speaker_heading: SCALESE
dialog: Hello, Tony.
text: Tony moves for his gun. The hood next to Tony relieves him
text: of his gun, using his own for persuasion.
speaker_heading: SCALESE
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: You see, Tony. You make no sense.
dialog: You start a war... Waste people...
dialog: Money... You're like a kid, Tony.
dialog: You're a bad boy.
text: Tony is scared. The driver spots something in the rearview
dialog: mirror.
scene_heading: EXT. LOOP - NIGHT
text: The Cadillac rockets through the empty orange-lighted canyons
text: of the financial district, with Eddie in hot pursuit.
scene_heading: EXT. UPPER WACKER - NIGHT
text: Roaring north on Wacker past an astonished group in front of
text: the Civic Opera House, the Cadillac drops out of sight on
text: the down-ramp to Lower Wacker.
scene_heading: EXT. LOWER WACKER - NIGHT
text: This bi-level street is as different as night and day. The
text: lower level's eerie green lights make us feel like we're
text: under water. Iron girders and concrete pillars support the
text: street above.
speaker_heading: LOW WIDE ANGLE
text: The Cadillac races through this vast man-made cavern, past
text: the sub-level loading docks and service entrances of
text: skyscrapers above. City work crews and all night commercial
text: deliveries dot both the upper and lower levels of the chase.
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Eddie is gaining in the battered Chevy. The Cadillac rockets
text: up the next ramp to the street level.
scene_heading: EXT. UPPER WACKER - NIGHT
text: The Cadillac zooms up from below, crosses the intersection,
text: and immediately takes the next down-ramp. Eddie flies up
text: from below, briefly airborne, barreling after them into the
dialog: tunnel.
scene_heading: EXT. LOWER WACKER - NIGHT
text: A block later the Cadillac heads topside again. Eddie takes
text: a gamble and goes straight ahead.
text: At the next down-ramp, the Cadillac descends and Tony's boys
text: find themselves doing 70 knots side by side with Eddie in
text: the other lane.
text: In the narrow concrete tunnel, the two cars battle each other
text: like bulls in a chute, each one trying to cut the other off,
text: bouncing from each other into the walls and back again.
scene_heading: INT. CADILLAC - NIGHT
text: The goon next to Luna is trying to get a shot off at Eddie.
speaker_heading: SCALESE
dialog: This sonovabitch is crazy!
text: Tony sees his chance and he lunges for the gun. In the
text: struggle, the gun goes off and drills Rocco, the driver,
text: through the side of the head.
scene_heading: EXT. LOWER WACKER - NIGHT
text: The Cadillac ROARS out of control, its dead driver's foot
text: pressing the accelerator to the floor. Scalese, in the front
text: seat, tries to grab the wheel.
text: Eddie is all over the road trying to avoid them. The river
text: and the curve are ahead.
text: Scalese's car hits the median at high speed, rolls, and slides
text: SCREAMING into a concrete pillar and EXPLODES.
text: Eddie stands on the brakes as his car slides alongside the
text: flaming wreckage.
scene_heading: INT. EDDIE'S CAR - NIGHT
text: Eddie's car is on fire now, and the doors have been rammed
text: shut. He kicks the window out on the passenger side.
scene_heading: EXT. LOWER WACKER - NIGHT
text: Eddie runs for his life. The explosion knocks him to his
text: knees.
text: He gets up and moves away, looking back at Luna's and
text: Scalese's spectacular funeral pyre.
scene_heading: EXT. LOWER WACKER - NIGHT
text: The fire engines and police cars are arriving from every
dialog: direction.
text: With the flames still lighting his face, Eddie is making a
dialog: call.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: You tell Luis I got Tony Luna for
dialog: him. Get me a time and place.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - NIGHT
text: Diana is in bad shape. She is tied up. Numb with terror she
text: listens, not comprehending, as the Comachos discuss their
text: plans for her in Spanish.
text: Luis comes over to her, and with his knife begins cutting
text: off part of her clothes.
speaker_heading: LUIS
dialog: Your cop friend is smart. Too smart
dialog: and he dies. Then I take care of you
dialog: personally.
scene_heading: EXT. LOWER WACKER - NIGHT
text: Eddie's car is totally ablaze. He walks past the streaming
text: hoses and slips into a parked blue and white, it's mars lights
text: still flashing. He roars off.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - NIGHT
text: The giant door opens, and a lone blue and white pulls in and
dialog: parks.
text: The place is deserted except for the duty officer who sits
text: in his tiny office watching television with his half-naked
dialog: girlfriend.
text: Eddie enters silently, glances into the duty office, and
text: heads to the other end of the large hall.
text: In the background we see the practice apartment set, the
text: boxing ring, and several special task force undercover
dialog: vehicles seen before.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM - NIGHT
text: Eddie opens his locker and takes out his sawed-off automatic
text: shotgun. He checks the action. He loads it. He fills a duffle
text: bag with ammo and drops in another gun. He closes the locker
text: and heads out.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - NIGHT
text: The duty officer is still occupied. Eddie eases past him and
text: checks the key-board at the desk. He finds what he's looking
text: for. He lifts a set of keys from the hook.
scene_heading: EXT. GYM - NIGHT
text: From inside, we hear the SOUND of a TRUCK STARTING.
scene_heading: EXT. EXPRESSWAY - DAY
text: This city garbage van, an immense blue semi-trailer, is moving
text: south on the Dan Ryan at incredible speed, pushing traffic
text: out of the way like a battleship slicing through Sunday
dialog: boaters.
text: Eddie is at the wheel.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: Among the dockside ruins of the old facility, Luis carefully
text: checks his snipers and lookouts. Shouting in Spanish, he
text: directs them into position.
text: From the distance we see a signal from the Comacho stationed
text: at the top of a huge grain elevator overlooking the Calumet
dialog: Harbor.
scene_heading: INT. GYM - DAY
text: Kosalas enters. The place is in chaos. He joins the crowd
text: gathered in the center of the facility. Brennan and Cragie
text: are here. So is Music. Commander Kates has just arrived.
speaker_heading: KATES
dialog: What the hell is goin on?
speaker_heading: BRENNAN
text: Cusack made off with a truckload of
dialog: armour.
speaker_heading: MUSIC
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: He's a fucking one man army now.
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
dialog: What'd I tell ya. The sonofabitch is
dialog: crazy.
text: Kosalas wanders through the wreckage. He is stunned. He is
text: starting to wake up.
speaker_heading: KATES
dialog: OK, everybody. No more games. Where's
dialog: Cusack.
text: The men all look at him silently.
text: Kosalas turns on them.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: I can't swallow this shit! Eddie
dialog: Cusack's out there takin' on the
dialog: world by himself. And you fuckin'
dialog: heros are gonna sit on your goddamn
dialog: asses!
text: He is mad and loud.
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
dialog: Cool it kid.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: Don't you fuckin' tell me to cool
dialog: it. I won't cool it. I'm not going
dialog: to fuckin' lie for you any more.
dialog: (to Kates)
dialog: I lied, Commander. He laid a gun on
dialog: that kid. I saw the whole thing.
speaker_heading: CRAGIE
dialog: You little fuckin' bastard!
text: Cragie jumps at Kosalas, but Kosalas is ready for him, and
text: braces Cragie against the wall.
text: With one hand Kosalas slams Cragie again, and reaches down
text: with his free hand, lifting Cragie's pants leg and extracting
text: a drop-gun from it's concealed holster.
speaker_heading: KOSALAS
dialog: What's this for partner? Your next
dialog: fuck up?
text: Kates steps in and separates them.
speaker_heading: KATES
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: Get someone in the air. We're gonna
dialog: find Cusack.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: Diana, now hanging from her wrists like a slab of beef, is
text: guarded by a couple of Luis' boys, eyeing her hungrily.
text: Luis enters.
speaker_heading: LUIS
dialog: (subtitles)
dialog: Take off the gag. I want them to
dialog: hear her.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: Luis scans the daybreak sky. He and Efren take up positions.
text: Above them and around them, every line of fire is covered.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAIN ELEVATOR - DAY
text: From the lookout's POV atop the towering grain elevator, WE
text: SEE several garbage trucks moving in and out of an adjacent
dialog: dump.
text: One of them seems familiar to us.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK CAB - DAY
text: Eddie's eyes search the harbour as he maneuvers slowly
text: alongside a rusting freighter. He stops and gets out.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAIN ELEVATOR - DAY
text: Eddie opens the rear of the truck and lowers a ramp.
speaker_heading: EDDIE
dialog: Here we go partner.
text: He picks up his gun and a duffle bag from the cab and heads
dialog: out.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: The Comachos are ready and waiting. Luis walks through the
text: middle of the vast empty plant toward the front, checking on
text: his troops one last time.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCK - DAY
text: Against the grotesque shapes of the surrounding scrapyards,
text: Eddie moves quickly from one concealment to the next, crouched
text: low, advancing on the abandoned factory at the end of the
dialog: dock.
text: He lays down his duffle and pulls out a Halliburton case. He
text: opens it.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAIN ELEVATOR - DAY
text: From inside the garbage truck WE HEAR an ENGINE STARTING. It
text: REVS a couple of times. And from within the container
text: compartment of the truck emerges the Prowler. It clatters
text: down the ramp.
scene_heading: EXT. GRAIN ELEVATOR - DAY
text: The lookout spots the Prowler moving down the dock. He can't
dialog: believe his eyes.
text: He sights on the machine and FIRES.
text: And in the distance, the Prowler senses the insult and
text: immediately turns its camera eye up to him.
text: The lookout FIRES again. Immediately, the turret swivels and
text: the twin MACHINEGUNS ROAR.
text: It's a long way down.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: The SOUND of MACHINEGUN FIRE from outside galvanizes the
text: Comachos. Luis runs through the long building toward the
text: front with half a dozen of his men, all SHOUTING.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCK - DAY
text: Eddies eyes watch the miniature monitor of the Prowler's
text: hand controller. On the monitor WE CAN SEE the Comachos
text: running out in the front of the factory from the camera on
text: top of the Prowler.
text: Eddie gets up and moves toward the factory. He looks up at
text: several high broken windows.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCK - DAY
text: The Prowler is having a field day. It's electronic sensors
text: trace the source of every hostile shot and immediately return
text: a withering stream of hot lead that chews the surrounding
text: scenery -- and several Comachos -- to pieces.
text: But Eddie has not figured out how to control the Prowler's
text: BULLHORN VOICE command system. It continues to BARK ORDERS
text: to the dead hoodlums in three languages.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: Luis runs through the empty plant toward the office screaming
text: to Diana's guards.
speaker_heading: LUIS
dialog: (subtitles)
dialog: Now! Do it now! Kill her!
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: Diana, tied to the chair, is momentarily alone as the guards
text: rush out to the floor of the factory to see what's happening.
text: The two guards, their guns flying from their hands, are
text: hammered back into the room by Eddie who blasts through the
text: door after them.
text: Diana is petrified.
scene_heading: INT. SQUAD CAR - DAY
text: Kosalas and Kates are in the same car. Kosalas is driving.
speaker_heading: DISPATCHER (V.O.)
dialog: (from radio)
text: ...Harbor Patrol reports gunfire and
text: explosions in the vicinity of Calumet
dialog: Harbor...
speaker_heading: KATES
dialog: That's Cusack.
text: Kosalas spins the wheel into a U-turn.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: The "Prowler" rolls around the corner, its brutal turret
text: bristling with firepower. It is driving Luis and the other
text: stupefied Comachos further back into the building.
text: Eddie guides his deadly partner with the hand controller.
text: The Comachos dive for cover and spray the miniature tank
text: with AUTOMATIC FIRE. But they are no match. Two continuous
text: streams of hot lead chew up the place, splintering the loading
text: dock and the catwalk hiding places and disintegrating the
text: structure, churning the Comachos to hamburger.
scene_heading: COMACHO SHOT RINGS OUT
text: Eddie goes down and the Prowler hand controller falls to the
text: ground, shattered.
text: The Prowler goes berserk, SPRAYING DEATH in a 360 degree
text: circle until all the ammo is gone.
text: Then SILENCE.
text: Eddie touches the blood on the side of his leg. It's not
dialog: serious.
text: It appears everyone is out of ammunition. But a few Comachos
text: are still hidden in the factory.
text: Eddie is after them like a tiger. Victor, shoulder still
text: bandaged, never has a chance. He goes down, battered and
dialog: broken.
text: But Luis has crept up behind Eddie. He jumps over a steel
text: plate. He's going for Diana, a long knife in his hand.
text: Eddie reaches for a reload. Puts it in his magnum. Aims, and
text: blows Luis away just as he reaches for Diana.
scene_heading: INT. WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: Across the littered battlefield, Eddie escorts Diana toward
text: the light streaming through the factory entrance. He takes
text: off his jacket and wraps it around Diana's shoulders.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: The pier is crawling with cops with more arriving every
dialog: second.
text: A fire boat is extinguishing the blaze set by the Prowler's
text: incendiary ammunition.
text: The bodies of the Comachos lying everywhere astound the
dialog: arriving "Home Team."
text: Officer Kosalas screeches to a halt and jumps from his car.
text: Brennan and Music are running down the dock. Donato, a cast
text: on his leg, hobbles after them.
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE - DAY
text: Emergency vehicles are arriving, and more squad cars, paddy
text: wagons, and fire engines.
text: Eddie walks by the cops toward an ambulance, now carrying
text: Diana. Kates calls out after him.
speaker_heading: KATES
dialog: Hey, Cusack!
text: Eddie stops, slowly turns around.
text: There is a long pause.
speaker_heading: KATES
dialog: I'm glad you don't follow orders.
text: Eddie hands Diana over to the waiting medics, who put her in
dialog: the ambulance.
text: We pull back further and further until we see the rest of
text: the Home Team. The ambulance, carrying Diana, pulls away
text: with it's lights flashing.
text: Eddie walks down the pier alone.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
