dialog: "COLD MOUNTAIN"
dialog: by
dialog: Anthony Minghella
dialog: Based On The Novel "Cold Mountain"
dialog: by
dialog: Charles Frazier
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. COLD MOUNTAIN TOWN, NORTH CAROLINA. DAY
text: ON A BLACK SCREEN: Credits.
text: A RAUCOUS VOICE (SWIMMER’S) CHANTING IN THE CHEROKEE LANGUAGE.
text: A RANGE OF MOUNTAINS SLOWLY EMERGES: shrouded in a blue mist
text: like a Chinese water color. Below them, close to a small
text: town, YOUNG MEN, armed with vicious sticks and stripped to
text: the waist, come charging in a muscular, steaming pack.
text: Their opponents, also swinging sticks, attach the pack.
text: A ball, barely round, made of leather, emerges, smacked
text: forwards by INMAN, who hurtles after it and collides with a
text: stick swung by SWIMMER, a young and lithe American Indian.
text: Inman falls, clutching his nose. The ball bobbles on the
text: ground in front of him. He grabs it and gets to his feet,
text: the blood pouring from his nose.
text: His team form a phalanx around him and he continues to charge.
text: A PRISTINE CABRIOLET pulled by an impressive horse, comes
text: down towards the town. It has to pass across the temporary
text: field of play, parting the teams. Some of the contestants
text: grab their shirts to restore propriety as the Cabriolet and
text: its two exotic passengers passes by.
text: The driver is a man in his early fifties, dressed in the
text: severe garb of a minister, MONROE. And next to him, a self-
text: conscious girl in the spotless elaborate, architectural skirts
text: of the period, is his daughter, ADA. Inman, using his shirt
text: to staunch his battered nose, looks at Ada, astonished by
dialog: her. An angel in this wild place.
text: Now Swimmer stops chanting and begins, more hesitantly, to
dialog: translate into English:
speaker_heading: SWIMMER’S VOICE (V.O.)
dialog: You will be lonely. You will howl
dialog: like a dog as you walk alone. You
dialog: will carry dog shit cupped in your
dialog: hands. You will be smeared with dog
dialog: shit. Your spirit will wane and
text: dwindle to blue, the colour of
dialog: despair...
text: As the Cabriolet passes, SWIMMER takes the ball an with a
text: whoop starts to run towards the opposing goal. The game
text: resumes. Ada looks back as the men swarm into each other,
text: sticks and fists flailing.
scene_heading: EXT. COLD MOUNTAIN TOWN. NIGHT
text: A SIDE OF BEEF turns on a huge barbecue. The battered teams
text: eating, drinking hard liquor, rehearsing victory and defeat,
text: illuminated by a roaring bonfire. Swimmer is sewing up a
text: gash in Inman’s cheek as he continues to translate:
speaker_heading: SWIMMER
dialog: ...This is your path. There is no
dialog: other. That's a curse you can use on
dialog: the Yankee before battle.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: And that works?
speaker_heading: SWIMMER
dialog: You have to say it in Cherokee.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: You said it to me in Cherokee.
text: During this, Monroe and Ada have arrived, escorted by SALLY
text: SWANGER, a local woman, middle-aged, kindly, and her husband,
text: ESCO, a glorious curmudgeon. The Monroes are introduced to
text: various locals. Inamn watches them, on the other side of the
text: crowd. The Reverend Monroe, his daughter Ada. Up from
dialog: Charleston, bringing God's word to you heathens! Is Esco's
text: preferred introduction. Building a church. Inman watches
text: Ada, moves his head to keep her in view as Swimmer stitches,
text: and winces with pain.
speaker_heading: SWIMMER
dialog: So keep your head still.
text: Sally collects plates for the Monroes. Hands them to Ada and
text: her father, who wait, patiently, for silverware. Esco takes
text: a plate, picks up a skewer of meat, bites on it. Monroe
text: pluckily follows suit.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: (to Swimmer)
dialog: Anyway, there won't be any war. And
dialog: if there is, they say it won't last
dialog: a week.
text: END OF CREDITS AND FADE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CONFEDERATE LINES. PREDAWN
scene_heading: CAPTION: PETERSBURG, VIRGINIA. JULY 30TH, 1864. IN THE FOURTH
text: YEAR OF THE CIVIL WAR.
text: A STAND OF TREES. The pastoral lush green Virginia. A RABBIT
text: surfaces from its hole. Peace and beauty.
text: A second RABBIT shakes itself from the ground, darts into
text: open ground to confront the FORBIDDING TRENCHES OF THE
scene_heading: CONFEDERATE AND UNION ARMIES, RANGED AGAINST EACH OTHER ON
text: THE OUTSKIRTS OF PETERSBURG. Massive wooden barricades in
text: the shape of crosses, rows of X's, define the two lines. The
text: Federals have been laying siege for months. So early and
text: it's already hot. The trees are an oasis of green in a world
text: of mud between the two stark and ugly scars of the trenches.
text: IN THE CONFEDERATE LINES, the men are rousing, boiling water
text: for coffee or to shave, smoking, stiff from night. There's a
text: large gun emplacement and some men still sleep against the
text: stub-nosed cannon. Another RABBIT is disturbed from its hole.
text: Ears pricked up to a distant rumbling.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL. PREDAWN.
text: A dark hole. Some evil place. A scraping sound. Shapes
text: burrowing forwards at a crouch. A silent purpose.
scene_heading: EXT. CONFEDERATE LINES. PREDAWN.
text: Young OAKLEY, freshly recruited, approaches a group of men,
dialog: like him Highlanders from Company F of the 25th North Carolina
text: Regiment. He doles out breakfast. Inman, loading his heavy
text: LeMats pistol, its nine rounds, is not hungry. Oakley serves
text: another, ROURKE, last seen in the scrum at Cold Mountain.
text: Oakley keeps his head low as he serves.
speaker_heading: ROURKE
dialog: Don't worry, son. Those Yankee boys
dialog: keep store hours. They ain't open
dialog: yet.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL. PREDAWN
text: Shadows and shapes. A BARREL rumbles along the tunnel. It
text: reaches a kneeling figure, who rolls it forwards. A relay
text: team. At the end of the tunnel, where it widens, a man, naked
text: to the waist, crouches, stacking the barrels.
scene_heading: EXT. CONFEDERATE LINES. PREDAWN
text: A RABBIT, scared up, darts along the trench. Rourke sees it,
text: beckons to another Cold Mountain boy, Butcher.
speaker_heading: BUTCHER
dialog: That's fresh breakfast. Shoot him!
speaker_heading: ROURKE
dialog: I'm not firing, start the damn war
dialog: off.
text: Butcher chases after the rabbit, Rourke in raucous support.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL. PREDAWN
text: The crouching man has wrapped FUZE WIRE around the last
text: barrel, and now retreats, paying out the wire as he does so,
text: as each man in the tunnel crawls backwards behind him.
scene_heading: EXT. CONFEDERATE LINES. DAWN
text: Rourke weaves through the gun emplacements, laughing.
speaker_heading: ROURKE
dialog: That's my rabbit!
text: Great sport. Inman, fifty yards away, looks over, amused,
text: goes back to his gun.
scene_heading: INT. TUNNEL. DAWN
text: The fuze wire is lit. It fizzes towards the barrels.
scene_heading: EXT. CONFEDERATE LINES. DAWN
text: Rourke is running BUT NOW THE GROUND BUCKLES UNDER HIM AND
text: HE'S BEING LIFTED SLOWLY INTO THE AIR, the earth swelling.
scene_heading: AN APOCALYPTIC EXPLOSION. FOUR TONS OF DYNAMITE RIP THE GROUND
scene_heading: OPEN IN A CRATER 135 FEET LONG, 90 FEET ACROSS, 30 FEET DEEP.
text: HORSES, GUNS, MEN ARE BLOWN TO PIECES AND THROWN UP INTO THE
speaker_heading: AIR.
text: INMAN DISAPPEARS UNDER DIRT AND DEBRIS.
text: Pandemonium. The Confederates are in complete disarray. The
text: Federals pour forwards across NO MANS LAND, through the
text: peaceful oasis of trees, roaring the roar of attack. They
text: flood towards the crater, hundreds of them, charging into a
text: dense and impenetrable WALL OF SMOKE.
text: THEN THEY'RE INSIDE THE GREAT GASH OF CRATER AND CAN'T GET
text: OUT AGAIN, arriving at an insurmountable wall of mud.
text: The Confederates regroup. Orders are yelled. Chaos developing
dialog: into battle.
text: The Confederates begin firing into the crater. Guns and mortar
text: wheel round and empty into what is becoming a terrible death
dialog: trap.
text: Inman gets to his feet. Oakley with him, and rushes through
text: the smoke to the pit, emptying his LeMats into the crater.
text: LATER: A BLACK REGIMENT from the Union join the attack. Bodies
text: falling on bodies as the Federals charge in and pack their
text: comrades even tighter. The Confederates make a pincer movement
text: outside the Crater, forcing all the Federals in. It's
dialog: Medieval.
dialog: No escape.
text: THE CONFEDERATES jump into the pit to engage the Federals.
text: Hand to hand fighting. Too close for rifles, just bayonets,
text: and guns swung like clubs and Inman sliding down into that
text: hell, tiring the nine rounds, then the shotgun charge, which
text: does a terrible damage. Primitive. Unutterable carnage. Men
text: killing each other in embraces, soldier crushed against
text: soldier, desperate to survive, to kill, to live. An oozing
text: layer cake of bodies, dead and frantically alive, drowning
dialog: in slick.
text: YOUNG OAKLEY loses his rifle and picks up a magazine case,
text: clubbing his opponent, then slips onto him and is stuck with
text: a bayonet, the pain of which makes him squeal.
text: INMAN GOES AT IT. He's a warrior, punching and stabbing and
text: firing. A coldly efficient killer. He's grabbed from behind
text: and crushed, a hand gouging at his face, an almighty struggle.
text: He falls and lands on top of Oakley, and he and his Federal
text: opponent fight to the death with the wounded boy as their
text: pillow. The slaughter continues over and around them, the
text: sound, the sound of hell and madness. The boy has his arm
text: around Inman, like lovers.
text: LATER: The Confederates run after the retreating Union
text: soldiers, firing, cavalry riding them down. Inman stands,
text: the boy's blood all over him, exhausted and appalled. The
text: crater, behind him, an abattoir of men. The victors are
text: yelling, pumped mad with adrenaline. Butcher comes alongside
dialog: Inman.
speaker_heading: BUTCHER
dialog: That was something! That's hell and
dialog: we've been there! Kicked old Nick's
dialog: asshole.
text: A WOUNDED BLACK SOLDIER sits up as Butcher celebrates.
text: Butcher runs over, but can't find a charge for his musket.
text: He looks around in the stack of corpses, pulling out weapons,
text: tries one: not loaded, throws it down, tries another: not
text: loaded. The wounded man can't get up, tries to drag himself
text: like a crab away from Butcher. Inman yells at him, appalled.
speaker_heading: BUTCHER
dialog: You got a charge?
text: He picks up another musket. It fires. The wounded Federal
text: slumps back, dead.
scene_heading: EXT. CONFEDERATE LINES. DUSK
text: THE AFTERMATH. The dead being piled up for burial, divided
text: into allegiance. Wounded prisoners able to walk are led away.
text: A great deal of casual looting. Of boots, of equipment, of
text: personal items. Inman sees a soldier in the crater, lining
text: up wounded Federals, putting their heads in a row. THE MAN
text: EXTRACTS A HAMMER FROM HIS BELT AND, SATISFIED HE HAS AN
text: ECONOMIC ARRANGEMENT, PROCEEDS DOWN THE LINE, SMASHING EACH
speaker_heading: SKULL.
text: Inman turns away, sees another Rebel, extravagantly costumed,
text: a strange FIDDLE head protruding from his knapsack. This is
text: STOBROD THEWES. He's bent over a dead Federal, examining his
text: mouth. He reaches behind his back and roots around in the
text: knapsack, producing A PAIR OF PLIERS, WHICH HE INSERTS INTO
text: THE CORPSE'S MOUTH. He's yanking away when A SWINGING BOOT
text: connects with his head and knocks him to the ground.
text: Startled, he looks up to see Inman hovering over him.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: That's gold in his mouth he got no
dialog: need for.
dialog: (shrugs)
text: We take his boots.
text: He examines his fiddle for damage. Some orderlies pass,
text: lifting OAKLEY away on a gurney.
text: Oakley's pale as a maiden, the life leaking from him. Inman
text: walks a way with him. Oakley looks up, desperate to be brave.
speaker_heading: OAKLEY
dialog: I got a few. You saw?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I saw.
speaker_heading: OAKLEY
dialog: I know you don't recognise me. I'm
dialog: Mo Oakley's boy.
dialog: (Inman finds this
dialog: incredible)
dialog: It's okay. I was thirteen when you
dialog: all left. Am I going to die?
text: Inman flicks his eyes to the Orderly, whose look confirms
text: the boy's wounds are certainly mortal.
scene_heading: INT. FIELD HOSPITAL. NIGHT
text: Inman sits on the ground beside Oakley's cot. Around them,
text: the wounded are certainly dying, makeshift care, oil lights,
text: groans.
speaker_heading: OAKLEY
dialog: I'd like to hear some music while I
dialog: go.
scene_heading: EXT. CONFEDERATE LINES. NIGHT
text: Inman walks around the campfires. He hears some fiddle music.
dialog: It's Stobrod.
text: Stobrod sees Inman. Inman stares, his expression an
text: instruction, the turns and walks away.
scene_heading: INT. FIELD HOSPITAL. NIGHT
text: Stobrod stands over Oakley. Consults with Inman.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: What about Bonaparte's Retreat? That's
dialog: one I play.
speaker_heading: OAKLEY
dialog: Play me something sweet. Like a girl's
dialog: waiting for me.
text: Stobrod looks at Inman, confused.
speaker_heading: OAKLEY
dialog: Play me something like there's nothing
dialog: to fear from a merciful Lord.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: (to Stobrod)
dialog: You heard him.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: I only know a couple of tunes.
speaker_heading: OAKLEY
dialog: Like when you're thirsty up at
dialog: Bishop's Creek and the water is so
dialog: cool.
text: Inman glares at Stobrod. And Stobrod starts to play.
text: Hesitant, then with gathering confidence, improvising,
text: increasingly expansive, as if he's as surprised as everyone
text: else. Oakley's lips move. A whisper. Inman leans in.
speaker_heading: OAKLEY
dialog: I'm reaching Cold Mountain before
dialog: you.
text: Stobrod plays. It's wrenching. Oakley stills. Inman abruptly
text: puts his hand on the neck of the fiddle, stopping Stobrod.
text: The boy is dead. Inman gets to his feet and walks away.
scene_heading: INT. CONFEDERATE TENT. NIGHT
text: A dozen men in the tent. Inman has a BOOK, its cover gone,
text: rolled up and tied with a leather strap. His bookmark is A
text: FADED TINTYPE PHOTOGRAPH of a solemn young woman. He unwraps
text: the book carefully and reads a page by the sickly light next
text: to his bedroll. An OFFICER comes into the tent, approaches
text: Inman, who makes a stand.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Don't get up, soldier. You are
dialog: mentioned tonight in my report. You
dialog: are a credit to the Highlands, to
dialog: North Carolina and to the Cause.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: (tight)
dialog: Do you have news, sir, on my
dialog: application for transfer?
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: I know. A bloody day. It's what our
dialog: General said: Good thing war is so
dialog: terrible else a man might end up
dialog: liking it too much.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Sir. It was my understanding the
dialog: medical corps was desperate for
dialog: volunteers.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Right now, soldier, it's me who is
dialog: in need of volunteers. There's a
dialog: dozen Yankees in that stand of trees
dialog: between us. Stuck there from the
dialog: retreat. Come daylight they can shoot
dialog: us down for sport.
scene_heading: EXT. CONFEDERATE LINES. NIGHT
text: A beautiful night. Lots of stars. Inman and three others,
text: including Butcher, slide over the top of the trench, far to
text: one side of the stand of trees. The plan is to cast a wide
text: arc that will bring them around back of the trees, closer to
text: the enemy side than their own. The four men slither over the
text: ground. They pause. Inman has arrived at a tangle of corpses.
text: He slithers over them.
text: They work their way towards the trees. THERE ARE A HALF DOZEN
text: FEDERALS CROUCHING IN THE COVER OF THE TREES. They are dozing.
text: Only one of them sits with a rifle surveying the Confederate
text: lines, the others have their backs to the enemy, sitting
text: against the trunks, grabbing a few minute's sleep.
text: As the four rebels approach, still crawling, one of the
text: Federals opens his eyes, sees the attack, shifts for his
text: rifle. INMAN IMMEDIATELY STANDS UP, FIRING INSTANTLY, killing
text: him and two others, while Butcher throws himself at another.
text: The exchanges are brief and savage and one of Inman's party
text: and all of the Federals lay dead. Then the rebels break from
dialog: the trees.
text: A FLARE goes up, then another, both from the Confederate
text: trenches. INMAN AND HIS ACCOMPLICES ARE PICKED OUT IN A
text: BRILLIANT GREEN LIGHT. Shots follow, from both sides, aimed
text: at the three returning men as they zigzag towards their own
text: lines. As they get close, voices cry out, rippling down the
text: trench, joining their own admonitions: Don't shoot, Hold
dialog: your fire, they're our boys, Hold your fire!!! They're almost
text: home. Butcher is laughing, whooping. Then just as suddenly
text: he falls, wounded. Inman stops, turns back, runs to him.
text: Inman collects Butcher, drags him, carries him. They're fifty
text: yards from their lines. A BULLET CATCHES INMAN IN THE NECK.
text: He goes down like a tree, blood pouring from his neck. Lying
text: on the ground, he watches the phosphorescent lights slowly
text: fade to black, all sound fading with them.
scene_heading: EXT. CHAPEL, COLD MOUNTAIN TOWN. 3 YEARS EARLIER. DAY
text: A WOODEN JOIST swings across the view of the Blue Ridge. Men
text: are swarming over the roof of an unfinished CHAPEL, below
text: which appears the small town of COLD MOUNTAIN. Among the
text: workers, armed with nails and hammer, knees clutching a
text: rafter, is Inman, fresh and a whole lifetime younger. Rourke
text: and Butcher are also there hammering, building, kidding around
text: and Oakley, barely a teenager.
text: Below them, women are setting up a lunch for the workers,
text: ADA amongst them. She has the circumspect air of the blue
text: stocking, uncomfortably aware of the dirt beneath her hem,
text: the men's radar for her every move. Inman watches her as
text: Sally Swanger approaches.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (to Ada, as Monroe
dialog: moves off)
dialog: Ada, how are you settling in? Are
dialog: you liking the farm?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Very much. It's beautiful country.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: So listen -- if you would say hello
dialog: to one of these fools, I'll get a
dialog: field cleared this weekend.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Anyone? Like a forfeit?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (pointing at Inman
text: who immediately looks
dialog: away)
dialog: No. Him in particular, up in the
dialog: rafters. Been pressing me all morning.
text: UP ON THE ROOFBEAMS OF THE CHAPEL, the men are preoccupied
text: with talk of secession from the Union.
speaker_heading: ROURKE
dialog: (hammering)
dialog: I call this nail: Northern Aggression.
dialog: (hammering)
dialog: I call this nail: a free nigger.
speaker_heading: BUTCHER
dialog: Show some respect -- these nails are
text: making a church.
speaker_heading: ROURKE
dialog: (hammering)
dialog: I call this nail: respect the church.
text: Ada comes over, carrying a tray of lemonade glasses. Calls
dialog: up to Inman.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Hello.
text: Inman swings down. He feels the other men staring, burning a
text: hole in his head.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I'm Ada Monroe.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I'm Inman.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Inman?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: W. P. Inman.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: W. P. Inman.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Repeating a thing doesn't improve
dialog: it.
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: People call me Inman.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: If you were to take a glass of
dialog: lemonade your friends might stop
text: staring. Inman.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: They're not my friends.
text: He drops down to ground level, takes the lemonade, scowls at
text: the other guys. They're breaking for lunch and as they make
text: their way to the trestle tables -- they enjoy jostling Inman.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: And what do you do?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I work wood. Got a piece of land.
dialog: Mostly work wood.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Clear fields?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: (uncomfortable)
dialog: I can clear a field.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: So, was there something in particular
dialog: you wished to say to me?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: (thinks about it)
dialog: Not that comes to me.
dialog: (hands back the glass)
dialog: I'll say thank you for the lemonade.
text: And he turns and joins the other men gathering round the
text: tables for lunch. Ada watches him, intrigued. Rourke and co.
text: approach ESCO SWANGER, a known sympathizer with the North,
dialog: to give him a bad time.
speaker_heading: ROURKE
dialog: Esco loves the Yankees.
speaker_heading: ESCO
dialog: I prefer a Yankee to a halfwit.
text: Inman arrives just as Rourke points a warning finger at Esco.
text: He pushes the finger down to get by. Esco continues:
speaker_heading: ESCO
dialog: What is it you think you'd be fighting
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: ROURKE
dialog: The South.
speaker_heading: ESCO
dialog: And what's that when it's at home?
text: Esco's sons, ELLIS AND ACTON, who're working at the other
text: end of the building, have now arrived at the table.
speaker_heading: ACTON
dialog: Pop, you causing trouble?
speaker_heading: ESCO
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ELLIS
dialog: That means yes.
speaker_heading: ESCO
dialog: You cut the wood, you carry the water
dialog: for good old King Cotton. Now you
dialog: want to fight for him. Somebody has
dialog: to explain it to me.
speaker_heading: ACTON
dialog: (to Rourke and the
dialog: others)
dialog: Don't even try.
text: The others are desperate to tease Inman.
speaker_heading: BUTCHER
dialog: How's the lemonade? Sweet?
text: Ada, at the lemonade stand again, watches them laughing at
text: Inman, who keeps his head fixed on the table.
scene_heading: EXT. CONFEDERATE LINES. NIGHT
text: INMAN, ON A GURNEY, carried, someone with a cloth to his
text: neck, which is soaked through with blood. They start to run
text: with him, heading for the field hospital, worried that he
text: will die before the wound can be staunched, cauterized.
text: Throughout, A STRANGE MUSIC PLAYS, discordant notes jangling:
scene_heading: EXT. SWANGER FARM. COLD MOUNTAIN. DAY
text: -- from A PIANO, lashed to a cart, as it bounces along the
text: lane, passing the Swanger Farm. Sally comes out to look.
text: It's Ada riding next to one of the farmhands, a second boy
text: keeping watch over the piano. Sally goes over.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: That's a fine looking thing.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I've been missing it.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Thank you, by the way.
dialog: (from Ada's quizzical
dialog: look)
text: Inman's down in the bottom field,
dialog: clearing his debt.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Oh dear. And then he had nothing to
dialog: say.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: He was happy.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Really?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Are men so different in Charleston?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Men? I don't know. I don't even know
dialog: what a woman should be like. In
dialog: Charleston I was called a thistle,
text: twice, by two different men. Both of
dialog: them -- they were hunting for a
dialog: simile, what was I like -- and thistle
dialog: came right to them.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: If you're saying you might like him,
dialog: why not go down and say hello.
scene_heading: EXT. BOTTOM FIELD, SWANGER FARM. DAY
text: Inman's working in the field, stripped to his undershirt,
text: hot work, wielding a scythe. He hears something and looks up
text: at the edge of the lane, ADA IS PLAYING THE PIANO, which is
text: still strapped to the cart. She briefly raises a hand to
text: Inman, then nods to the farmhand who sets them on their way
text: again. Inman smiles, waves back, watching as the cart rumbles
text: off down the track.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK COVE FARM. NIGHT
text: It's pouting with rain. INSIDE THE FARMHOUSE, ADA IS PLAYING
speaker_heading: THE PIANO.
text: Men and women crowd into the parlour, in best clothes,
text: celebrating the completion of the Chapel. Inman is outside
text: on the porch, his coat soaked, water pouring off his hat. He
text: looks at Ada. She finishes. Monroe steps in front of the
text: applause, smiling. His words of thanks leak through the window
text: to Inman, who stands, watching, listening.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOUR, BLACK COVE FARM. NIGHT
text: Monroe circulates, with Ada. He nods at a group of men, who
text: congregate in one part, not mingling. Their leader, TEAGUE,
text: might be a minister himself, favouring a black dress coat, a
text: black crow in the corner, eyes flashing. Ada doesn't know
text: them. Esco comes by. Monroe puts a hand on his arm.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Esco, our friends there --
dialog: (indicating Teague
dialog: and co.)
dialog: -- they helped build the Chapel?
speaker_heading: ESCO
dialog: That's Teague and his boys. I'd
dialog: recommend you kick them out except a
dialog: man don't kick a snake. One time the
dialog: Teague family owned the whole of
dialog: Cold Mountain. My farm, your farm,
dialog: all belonged to his grand-daddy.
dialog: Teague wanted this place bad. You
dialog: got it. He's here sniffing out an
dialog: advantage.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: There's no advantage here, but to
dialog: celebrate a job well done. Cheers --
dialog: (he raises his glass)
dialog: -- and thank you.
text: And Teague raises his glass across the room.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK COVE FARM. NIGHT
text: Ada appears at the door opening it onto the porch. She's
text: carrying a tray with drinks. Acknowledges Inman.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Were you planning to come inside?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I'm wetter than a fish.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: There's a good fire going.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I'm all right.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Somebody said you were enlisting.
dialog: (no response)
dialog: Are you?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: If there's a war we'll all fight.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: (unimpressed)
dialog: If there's a mountain we'll all climb,
dialog: if there's an ocean we'll all drown.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Call a thing a war makes it a
text: challenge to some men.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Did you get a picture made?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Say again.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: A tintype, with your gun and your
dialog: courage on display.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: You're laughing at me.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I don't know you.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: You're always carrying a tray.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I'm taking a drink over to the negroes
text: in the barn.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: (takes the tray)
dialog: I'll do that. I can't get much wetter.
text: He goes into the night rain. She watches him.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK COVE FARM. DAY
text: A beautiful day, the farm peaceful. Inman walks up the path
text: to the farmhouse, its borders flowering and pretty, a slave
text: woman weeding. He knocks on the door. Monroe answers.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Mr. Inman.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Reverend.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: What can I do for you?
text: Inman hovers, awkward. Ada appears, awkward.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I have some sheet music. Belonged to
dialog: my father. No use to me.
text: Ada comes forward, takes the package.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: You must come in.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I should probably get along.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Mr. Inman is more comfortable
dialog: outdoors. Perhaps we might take a
dialog: walk.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: A splendid idea.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK COVE FARM. DAY
text: Monroe and Inman and Ada touring the farm. It's a biggish
text: property, over three hundred acres. And well-tended by the
text: dozen slave farmhands who work it, some of whom are dotted
text: about in the landscape. Rolling mountains dominate the view.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: (expansive)
dialog: I want to get sheep into this field.
text: A big field doesn't look right without
dialog: sheep. You're a lucky fellow, Mr.
dialog: Inman, you've had this view all your
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: It's a special view. I dragged my
dialog: poor daughter to Cold Mountain from
dialog: Charleston because of my Doctors --
dialog: they say my heart is weak -- so the
dialog: air's meant to do me good. But it's
dialog: the view I think heals.
text: Ada walking behind, comes alongside the two men, threading
text: her arm into her father's but, by so doing, also arriving
text: next to Inman.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: I have to get on my visits. Can I
dialog: offer you a ride back into town?
text: Inman looks at Ada. No word.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOUR, BLACK COVE FARM. DAY
text: From the window Ada watches the Cabriolet head towards town.
text: At the piano, she unwraps the leather lace from the package
text: of music. Inside the first book of music, there's a
text: DAGUERREOTYPE OF INMAN with his LeMats, a typical Confederate
text: pose. Some of the music has left its imprint on the picture,
text: the notes like a melody over Inman's face. Ada picks them
text: out on the piano.
text: The ebullient sound of Shape Singing. A noisy choir letting
dialog: rip --
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL, COLD MOUNTAIN TOWN, MAY 20TH, 1861. DAY
text: -- THE WHOLE CHURCH IS SINGING, MEN TO ONE SIDE: WOMEN TO
text: THE OTHER. Monroe conducts, sings. Inman is there, as is
text: Ada. He fixes on her neck, the way the hair falls.
text: The door bursts open. Young OAKLEY, apologetic nod to Monroe,
text: sits at the back, then leans forward, as the singing
text: continues, to say something to Rourke, who says something to
text: Butcher, the news spreading like wildfire. Rourke gets up,
text: leaves. Butcher gets up next, follows. Another man. Another.
text: Depleting the male voices, until only women and some of the
text: older men are singing and one side of the church is
text: practically empty.
text: Inman, remains, fixed on Ada. Who does not look round.
scene_heading: EXT. CHAPEL, COLD MOUNTAIN TOWN. DAY
text: Those left in the congregation now spill out into what has
text: become a melee as the NEWS OF SECESSION goes up. Enormous
text: excitement, particularly among the boys, who now seem
text: curiously attractive to the girls. Inman blinks out into the
text: sun, Ada finds him. They're awkward as they watch other
text: sweethearts embracing.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Well, you have your war.
text: TEAGUE AND HIS MEN COME RIDING UP THE STREET, their horses
text: clearing a path amongst the celebrating crowd. Teague reins
text: in his horse and rides it up against Esco Swanger.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: Those who follow Lincoln, or preach
dialog: abolition, best keep one eye open
dialog: when they're sleeping, Old Bogey Man
dialog: might get you!
text: Inman steps between Esco and Teague, holding the reins of
text: Teague's horse, easy and dangerous.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Are you the law all of a sudden?
text: Teague produces a document, which he waves in the air.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: That's right, son. Home Guard for
dialog: Haywood County. I'm the law from
dialog: today. You all go fight now. We'll
dialog: watch your sweethearts.
text: And he spurs on his horse, his fellow Home Guard falling in
text: behind, riding on over the ridge. Inman walks to Ada.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: You might be safer back in Charleston.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: But then who'll be waiting for you?
text: She puts a hand on his arm for a second. They both want to
dialog: get to the point of declaration but don't know how. They
text: stand, people noisy around them, those about to leave, those
text: about to be left.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I'm going to walk back inside the
dialog: Chapel.
text: And he does so, making his meaning clear for her to follow.
scene_heading: INT. CHAPEL, COLD MOUNTAIN TOWN. DAY
text: Inman walks inside. Stands with his back to the door. It
text: opens and closes. Inman turns. It's Monroe.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Did you want a quiet word?
text: Now the door opens again and it's Ada. She's dismayed to see
dialog: her father.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Just some quiet.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Of course Ada.
text: He indicates they should both leave. Inman sits at a bench.
scene_heading: EXT. COLD MOUNTAIN TOWN. DAY
text: Monroe and Ada come into town in their cabriolet. They pass
text: under banners proclaiming the Confederate cause: Old Rip's
text: Awake! Watch out Yankees! The trap draws up by the Cold
text: Mountain General Store. Monroe lets Ada down.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: (of his appointment)
dialog: I'll daresay Dr. O'Brien'll want to
dialog: do a test or two.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: And then there'll be a coffee or
dialog: two, a brandy or two...
text: Monroe smiles in acknowledgement, gets back in the trap. Ada
text: heads into the store.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM. ROOMING HOUSE. COLD MOUNTAIN TOWN. DAY
text: INMAN SITS ON HIS BED, wearing pants and a vest. His room is
text: like a monk's cell. Nothing in it. Inman's trunk is packed.
text: He's polishing his boots, in his bare feet. One hand inside
text: the boot, the other blacking it. There's a knock at the door.
text: He opens it. It's Ada. He abruptly closes the door on her.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY, ROOMING HOUSE. COLD MOUNTAIN TOWN. DAY
text: Ada waits outside. She's not sure what's happening. Then
text: Inman opens the door. He's buttoning his shirt. His boots
text: are on, one conspicuously dirty, one highly polished. Somebody
text: walks up the stairs, carrying a jug and bowl. They separate
text: as the man passes them. They're tender, awkward.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I found you this book. William
dialog: Bartram. They tell me it's good. I
dialog: think he writes about these parts,
dialog: the author, so...
text: Inman takes it.
text: She has something else. Wrapped in paper.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: And this...
dialog: (hands it to him)
dialog: I'm not smiling in it. I don't know
dialog: how to do that, hold a smile, so now
dialog: I'm solemn...
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Ada...
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: What?
text: HE KISSES HER, pressing into her, his arm circling her waist.
text: Below them the sound of a MARCHING BAND. It's the RECRUITMENT
text: PARADE and brings Rourke and Butcher racing down the stairs.
text: Inman pulls away from Ada as the boys hurtle for the front
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: ROURKE
dialog: Let's go!
scene_heading: EXT. COLD MOUNTAIN TOWN. DAY
text: Rourke, Butcher, and then Inman appear in the doorway of the
text: Rooming House, and then fall in with the motley crew of
text: Volunteers AS THEY MARCH BY WITH THE BAND AND THE ENLISTED
text: SOLDIERS. The town is out to wish them well, parents, younger
text: brothers, sweethearts walking alongside their brave men. Ada
text: comes to the door of the Rooming House. Inman looks back and
text: sees her, but almost immediately loses her in the crowd. THE
text: DRUMMERS DRUM, THE CROWD CHEERS, THE RECRUITS MARCH UP THE
speaker_heading: HILL --
scene_heading: EXT. BEHIND CONFEDERATE LINES, VIRGINIA. DAY
text: -- AND THE WOUNDED AND THE WRETCHED STRAGGLE ALONG THE
speaker_heading: RAILROAD.
text: A TRAIN with the seriously injured snakes past the back of
text: the Confederate lines -- its suburbs of supplies, arriving
text: and departing troops -- and into peaceful country. FIDDLE
scene_heading: PLAYS, THEN A BANJO.
scene_heading: INT. BOX CAR. DAY
text: A CROWDED WAGON. It's a cauldron, and those able smash through
text: the wooden walls to make a breathing hole. Some have their
text: heads thrust out like crated poultry. INMAN IS IN THERE,
text: neck bandaged, its ugly seepage making a bloody necklace.
text: The light plays black and white through the boarded sides of
text: the boxcar, flashing on Inman's face as he drifts in and out
text: of consciousness. He focuses and sees the strange head of
text: STOBROD'S FIDDLE. Stobrod is serenading him, accompanied by
text: an angel-faced and extremely heavy child-man, PANGLE, whose
text: grin of delight seems permanent even in this claustrophobic,
text: grim world. Inman is panicked, puts a hand to push the fiddle
text: away. His voice is a croak, spoiled.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I'm not dying.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: (to Pangle)
dialog: What'd he say?
speaker_heading: PANGLE
dialog: Says he ain't about to die.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: (to Inman)
dialog: Truth to tell they say you are,
dialog: Soldier. We'll meet again, in the
dialog: better world.
text: He changes his tune, and the tempo, finding a foot-slapping
text: rhythm, the two musicians grinning at each other. Inman lapses
text: back into unconsciousness. The rhythm becomes a hammering
dialog: sound...
scene_heading: EXT. CHAPEL, COLD MOUNTAIN TOWN. DAY
text: -- AS A MAN HAMMERS A TINTYPE OF HIS SON'S FACE into the
text: wooden porch of the Chapel, where it joins many other
text: portraits of those lost to the war. Monroe presides. One of
text: the slaves from Black Cove holds the ladder for the bereaved
text: father. Other families wait, with their own daguerreotype to
text: mount. It's a memorial service without bodies.
text: Riders approach. Home Guard. Teague brings his horse up
text: alongside Monroe at the Chapel door, tips his hat in
text: condolence to the bereaved families. With him is a young,
text: intensely beautiful and flamboyant rider, BOSIE, his hair
text: long, a single fingernail bizarrely overgrown. Somehow
dialog: sinister.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: My condolences to you all.
dialog: (he considers the
dialog: slave)
dialog: Keep an eye on the negro. They want
dialog: what the white man got -- all of you
dialog: watch out your brave boys give their
dialog: lives to war and meantime your slaves
dialog: carry murder, rape and arson to your
dialog: firesides.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: The only slaves within twenty miles
dialog: labor on my farm. They're good
dialog: Christians and I'll vouchsafe for
dialog: them.
scene_heading: EXT. APPROACH TO BLACK COVE FARM. DAY
text: Cold Mountain at its loveliest. The CABRIOLET with Monroe
text: and his daughter heads towards the farm. At a bend they meet
text: a couple of riders, TWINS, from Teague's Home Guard, riding
text: furiously past them. Monroe reins in the trap and lets them
text: thunder past before continuing on their way home. Monroe is
text: intrigued by Ada, as if he's never looked at her before.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: You're looking -- at this moment, I
dialog: don't know why -- you're looking
dialog: exactly like your mother.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Every time you see the doctor you
dialog: get melancholy.
speaker_heading: MONROE
text: He listens to my heart and I get
dialog: emotional.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: He gives you alcohol and you get
dialog: emotional.
text: She squeezes his arm.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: We commiserate about the folly of
dialog: this terrible war.
dialog: (they ride in silence)
dialog: Do you worry when there's no word
dialog: from him?
dialog: (no response)
dialog: From Mr. Inman?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Yes. But then I've tried counting
dialog: the number of words which passed
dialog: between Mr. Inman and me.
text: (looking ahead, seeing
dialog: smoke)
dialog: Is that a bonfire? So close to the
text: barns.
text: Then they see THE FAMILY OF SLAVES turn off the road as their
text: cabriolet approaches, running away into the fields.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: What's going on?
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: (shouting at the
dialog: disappearing slaves)
dialog: Hey! Stop there! Hey!
text: Monroe gets out of the cabriolet and runs into the fields
text: after the retreating family, who are carrying bundles, chairs,
text: personal items, all loaded up. Ada has already taken the
text: reins and has driven up to the house. THE BARN IN WHICH THE
text: SLAVE FAMILY HAD LIVED IS ON FIRE. Monroe catches one of the
text: women, remonstrates with her. She's upset, distressed, one
text: of her sons comes back, pushes Monroe to the ground. They
text: hurry away. Monroe gets up, hurries to the fire.
text: A FIGURE SWINGS IN THE HEAT OF THE FLAMES, HANGING FROM A
text: BEAM. Monroe spies it as he catches up with Ada.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Dear God.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: No, Daddy, it's not real.
text: The figure swings round. IT'S AN EFFIGY, A GROTESQUE
text: CARICATURE OF A BLACK MAN.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: (appalled)
dialog: What is wrong with us all?
text: Ada turns and runs off.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I'll get help.
dialog: (shouting over her
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: Keep away from the flames.
text: Monroe stands and considers the flames. Ada turns back once
text: more to see him -- a small man silhouetted against the blaze.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL, CHARLESTON. DAY
text: INMAN lies; bandaged, eyes closed, in THE BALLROOM OF A
text: COLONIAL MANSION, co-opted as one ward of a Confederate
text: hospital. Rows of beds, the wounded and the dying, are lodged
text: between some vestiges of the room's former glory.
text: SOME LOCAL WOMEN, conscious of their duty to the cause, are
text: brought through by an exhausted doctor, who's lost all his
text: grace. The windows are open, but it's still insufferably
text: hot, the muslin curtains barely moving.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Most of these men will be dead by
dialog: the morning or, if they're stubborn,
dialog: by nightfall. I have other men outside
text: in the quadrangle waiting for the
dialog: beds.
text: The women try to process this, the attitude.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: So, any kind word will be a blessing.
text: One woman is overpowered by the stench, gags.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: It's the heat. I'm sorry. They rot.
text: The women begin to approach the beds.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Don't pray. If they're not God fearing
dialog: you can stir up a hornet's nest.
text: MRS. MORGAN, nervous, decent, sits next to INMAN. His mouth
text: is moving. She doesn't know what he's saying.
speaker_heading: MRS. MORGAN
dialog: I'm sorry, you want water?
text: She bends to him again. His voice is a faint croak.
speaker_heading: INMAN
text: Pigeon River. Little East Fork.
text: The Doctor is on his exit, stops at the bed.
speaker_heading: MRS. MORGAN
dialog: I'm sorry. I don't know what he's
dialog: saying.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
text: They ramble. Names of loved ones.
speaker_heading: MRS. MORGAN
dialog: (listening to Inman)
dialog: Pigeon River. Is that a place? Cold
dialog: Mountain?
text: The Doctor shrugs, not a detective, moves on, stops at the
text: man in the next bed. Has a brief look, calls to a nurse.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: This man is dead.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK COVE FARM. LATE AFTERNOON
text: Monroe and Ada are outside, a picnic at the summer table,
text: autumn leaves blowing up around them. Nearby the charred
text: skeleton of the barn. Ada gets up, clears away.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Thank you.
dialog: (staying her for grace)
dialog: For your Providence, Oh lord, we
dialog: thank you.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Amen. That was the last of the ham.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: It was delicious.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I have to learn how to cook.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: I was going to say something in
dialog: Chapel. Perhaps some of the womenfolk
dialog: will volunteer.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I can't have people coming here and
dialog: cooking for me!
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: It's my fault. I should have raised
dialog: you less like a companion and more
dialog: like a young woman. I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I'm not sorry, but I don't know how
dialog: we'll get through another winter.
speaker_heading: MONROE
dialog: Will you play me something? Something
text: peaceful while I look over my sermon.
text: Ada takes the dishes away. He gets out his papers, his pen
dialog: and ink.
scene_heading: INT. PARLOUR, BLACK COVE FARM. DUSK
text: ADA PLAYS THE PIANO. Chopin's Prelude in E Minor. Outside in
text: the garden, Monroe has adjourned to his striped campaign
text: chair, and is hunched over his notes. The door of the parlour
text: is open and the music floats over to him as he works.
text: Ada plays. A FEW SPOTS OF RAIN appear at the window. Then
text: the steady drumming of a summer shower.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: (still playing)
dialog: Daddy, bring the tablecloth in with
dialog: you!
text: She plays some more. Monroe hasn't come in. The rain splashes
text: on to the window..
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Daddy, come inside before you drown!
text: After a few more bars, she stops playing and, curious, goes
text: to the door. She stands at the doorway. MONROE'S SERMON IS
text: CAUGHT IN THE WIND AND BLOWS AROUND HIM, THE INK RUN TO
text: ABSTRACTIONS, his hand dropped and visible to Ada as, with
text: dread, she approaches. SHE CATCHES THE SODDEN PAPERS, CHASING
text: AFTER THEM, THEN REACHES HER DEAD FATHER.
text: He's like a fish, his face shining with the rain, and glass
text: eyed. She leans in to him, her head to his heart, then runs,
text: oblivious to the rain, her dress already drenched, runs down
dialog: the lane.
speaker_heading: ADA (V.O.)
dialog: Dear Mr. Inman...
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL, CHARLESTON. NIGHT
text: INMAN'S FACE as he drifts in and out of consciousness. Mrs.
text: Morgan, the hospital volunteer, sits by Inman's bed. She
text: holds ADA'S UNOPENED LETTER, badly weather damaged, the pages
text: stuck together, the writing blurred where the ink has run.
speaker_heading: MRS. MORGAN
dialog: It's come to you by way of Virginia.
text: There are various dates, which she decodes.
speaker_heading: MRS. MORGAN
dialog: It's not too recent -- written this
dialog: past winter. I'm afraid I can't read
dialog: who it's from. Dear Mr. Inman,
scene_heading: INT. BLACK COVE FARM. NIGHT
text: Ada is writing at her father's desk. A lonely room.
speaker_heading: ADA (V.O.)
dialog: -- I'm still waiting, as I promised
dialog: I would, but I find myself alone and
dialog: at the end of my wits --
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL, CHARLESTON. NIGHT
text: Mrs. Morgan reads to Inman, trying to decipher the letter:
speaker_heading: MRS. MORGAN
dialog: -- at the end of my wits, so now I
dialog: say to you, plain as I can, come
dialog: back to me. Come back to me is my
dialog: request.
dialog: (can't read the next
dialog: bit)
dialog: Then something I can't read,
dialog: something, come back to me.
text: Inman is very still. Then, eyes glinting with determination,
text: gives a TINY NOD.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL (O.S.)
dialog: By order of Zebulon Vance, Governor
dialog: of this great state of North Carolina:
dialog: any soldier turned deserter is guilty
dialog: of treason and shall be hunted down
text: like a dog.
scene_heading: EXT. COLD MOUNTAIN TOWN. DAY
text: Ada walks down the hill from the Chapel. There is an absence
text: of young people, but the older folk are gathered round the
text: General Store where a UNIFORMED OFFICIAL is reading from a
dialog: document.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: -- Any man takes in a deserter is
dialog: likewise guilty of treason.
text: The Official is flanked by Teague, Bosey and the twins, puffed
text: up with self-importance. Ada has to walk around him to enter
dialog: the store.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
text: The Home Guard is powered to enter
dialog: any place it sees fit, without notice
dialog: or constraint. Names of all deserters
dialog: will be posted in every town,
dialog: published in every newspaper.
scene_heading: INT. GENERAL STORE, COLD MOUNTAIN TOWN. DAY
text: The Official continues outside as Ada enters. Ada approaches
dialog: Mrs Castlereagh, the owner.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Is there a letter for me?
scene_heading: MRS. CASTLEREAGH
dialog: Nothing -- we're getting no post
dialog: through at all -- although if you
dialog: slip out back the material you ordered
text: has arrived.
text: They go to the back of the store, to a screened-off area.
text: Mrs. Castlereagh hands her over a packet of material. There's
text: another, more furtive, transaction to take place. Mrs
text: Castlereagh hands over a second parcel as if it were
text: narcotics. Ada tears at the wrapping. It's a parcel of books.
scene_heading: MRS. CASTLEREAGH
dialog: If folks knew I was taking deliveries
dialog: from the North.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I know. Thank you so much.
scene_heading: MRS. CASTLEREAGH
dialog: The sooner we lose this war the
text: better. Already one boy gone, another
text: with his leg took off at the knee.
dialog: That's enough.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: What do you hear?
scene_heading: MRS. CASTLEREAGH
dialog: All I know is they say not one boy
dialog: in ten from these mountains is coming
text: home again and most of them are
dialog: deserters.
scene_heading: EXT. GENERAL STORE, COLD MOUNTAIN TOWN. DAY
text: Ada emerges, almost collides with Teague. She wriggles past
text: him, tries to make her package invisible.
scene_heading: EXT. APPROACH TO BLACK COVE FARM - DAY
text: IT'S WINTER. A solitary RIDER jogs his horse through the
text: frost, towards Black Cove farm.
text: Ada is working at a handpump, failing to coax water from the
text: well. She's wrapped in blankets. The farm is somewhat unkempt
text: and so is she. The hem of her skirt is frayed. She rips at
text: it tearing off a strip of material, which she binds around
text: the handle in an attempt to thaw the mechanism. Then she
text: looks up to see the horseman approaching. It's Teague. Ada
text: immediately heads inside the house.
text: Teague arrives at the house, takes a brace of RABBITS from
text: his saddlebag. He heads for the gate. The gate needs oiling,
text: the path is overgrown, he looks at the pump handle, the
text: abandoned pitcher.
text: Ada opens the door, pinning her hair.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: It's taken me too long, but I've
dialog: come to pay my respects.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: (hands over the rabbits)
dialog: I reckoned you might need fattening
dialog: up.
text: Ada takes them. She is very queasy with these dead animals.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: This house must bring bad luck. Killed
dialog: my granddaddy to lose it, then my
dialog: daddy died on account of not having
dialog: it, then your daddy died on account
dialog: of getting it. We should burn it
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Didn't somebody try?
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: Lot to manage without help. Need a
dialog: hand with that pump?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: I'm happy to volunteer.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: But not to volunteer for the war?
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: The war? I wanted to go. But you
dialog: know: too old, too literate. Plus I
dialog: got no spleen. Lost it from a horse's
dialog: kick.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: You've got no spleen.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: That's the thing about an organ. You
dialog: don't know you need it till you lost
dialog: it.
text: (suddenly busy with a
dialog: bayonet)
dialog: I want to clear this path. I can
dialog: just as soon do it and talk as stand
dialog: around and talk. Then you can say
dialog: men beat a path to your door.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I'd really prefer it if you didn't
dialog: do that.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: Would you rather I did my job?
dialog: (scything at the path)
dialog: See if there's any material I should
dialog: confiscate. For the war effort.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I was raised in the good manners of
dialog: the South where a gentleman doesn't
text: enter a house with a woman alone.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: (now he's at the pump)
dialog: Good manners didn't quite make it to
dialog: these mountains. If it don't yield
dialog: meat, or you can't sit on it, or
dialog: suck on it...
dialog: (he gets the pump
text: going, water pours
dialog: out)
dialog: And you're sleeping all right? These
dialog: cold dark nights?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I'm sleeping fine.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: It's going to be a long hard winter.
text: He turns and stops at the gate, runs his hands through his
text: hair and uses the grease to ease the hinge. Then steps up
text: onto his horse, and rides away. Ada watches him. Shudders.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK COVE FARM. NIGHT
text: Ada comes into the kitchen. A weak oil-lamp reveals THE TWO
text: RABBITS, partially covered on a plate, flies buzzing around
text: them, a little liquid leaking from them. Ada takes a knife
text: and contemplates skinning gutting them. Suddenly she gathers
text: them up and runs out.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK COVE FARM. NIGHT
text: ADA BURIES THE TWO RABBITS. The wind howls. She covers the
text: little hole with soil and stones. Pumps out water to wash
text: her hands. Thinks she hears a noise, listens, alert to any
text: unfamiliar sounds, then hurries back to the house.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK COVE FARM. NIGHT
text: Ada comes inside, she closes the door. Locks it. Puts a chair
text: against it. Goes upstairs, to her bedroom.
scene_heading: INT. BLACK COVE FARM. NIGHT
text: Ada enters her bedroom. It's a chaos of books, clothes,
text: dishes. She closes the door, sets another chair against it.
text: Then drags her armchair up against that, books and papers
text: spilling onto the floor. She props up Inman's portrait, on,
text: the chair, as if he were guarding her. Sits on the bed and,
text: desolate, begins to write:
scene_heading: EXT. THE OCEAN BY THE HOSPITAL, CHARLESTON. DAY
speaker_heading: ADA (V.O.)
dialog: Should I imagine you are dead and,
dialog: that it is to your spirit I am
dialog: writing? No word from you in all
dialog: this time. If you receive this please
dialog: know I am here and warring, too,
text: with a faint heart.
text: THERAPY FOR WOUNDED SOLDIERS. Some of those convalescing
dialog: swim or are helped to paddle in the healing sea. There are
text: rudimentary wheelchairs. Inman, a long way from home, is
text: amongst those sitting in one of these, very still, grey and
text: sick -- but alive. He pulls at the dressing on his neck,
text: exposing the still raw and livid wound to the sea air.
text: Inman has his Bartram, his bookmark is the battered and foxed
text: picture of Ada, which he considers, before continuing to
dialog: read.
text: Behind him A HUNDRED SLAVES AT WORK IN THE FIELDS, and behind
text: them the Mansion which has become the hospital. A series of
text: bells, of shouts, and the slaves stop working, prepare for
text: the long walk home, congregating, then forming a line, herded
dialog: by the foremen.
text: Inman eases his position to bend over and dip his bandage in
text: the seawater. He brings the wet bandage to his neck, considers
text: the ocean, his fellow ragtag of wounded, the slaves, the
dialog: great fields, the Mansion. The whole meaning of this war
text: around him. A GRAVEL VOICE STARTS TO SING THE BLUES, CONTINUES
dialog: AS --
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL, CHARLESTON. DUSK
text: The men return to the Hospital. A BLIND MAN IS SELLING PEANUTS
text: which he roasts over a small fire. HE'S SINGING AS --
scene_heading: EXT. CHAPEL, COLD MOUNTAIN TOWN. DAY
text: -- A tintype of OAKLEY is added to the Chapel's votives,
text: hammered in alongside Rourke and Butcher. There are fifty or
text: more images now, the paint flaking around them. The exterior
text: of the Chapel, three years on, has taken on the burden of
dialog: recording history.
text: There is no minister, no services, just the votives,
dialog: daguerreotypes or simply the names of those missing in action,
text: accompanied by tiny vases of wildflowers. The town shrouded
text: in mist, and quiet.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK COVE FARM. SPRING. DAY
text: EVERYWHERE SIGNS OF PROFOUND NEGLECT, like a Grimm's fairy
text: tale of a deserted house. The fields are overgrown with weeds,
text: the gardens abandoned. The chickens have deserted the henhouse
text: and are wandering around the outbuildings, scuffing at the
text: packed dirt.
text: Sally and Esco come up the overgrown path, avoiding the
text: chickens, and knock at the door.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Ada! Ada, It's Sally.
text: They're seen from ground level, through a boxwood, as their
text: feet patrol the ground, turn away from the door, and then
text: retreat, their voices drifting away. Ada is there, crouching
text: in her hidey-hole, a blanket on the ground, her book. She
text: wants to reveal herself, but is too embarrassed.
speaker_heading: ESCO
dialog: Will you look at the state of this
dialog: place!
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Poor soul. She's got nobody and
dialog: nothing and three hundred acres of
dialog: misery.
text: During this a ROOSTER, black and gold, struts into the
text: boxwood. As the rooster approaches, Ada shudders, tries to
text: shoo it away without alerting her presence. Ada peers through
text: the boxwood as Sally and Esco close the gate and recede. The
text: rooster comes at her again. She rises up, kicking out at it,
text: while he flares his wings, spurs flaying at her. Ada runs
text: from the boxwood, tormented by the triumphant rooster, which
text: continues to fly and scratch, driving her into the house.
scene_heading: INT. ADA'S BEDROOM BLACK COVE FARM. DAY
text: Ada dabs at the scratches, her dress rolled down to the waist
text: to reveal her arms and shoulders. Now she shucks off the
text: dress completely and tries to find a clean replacement. There
text: isn't one, so she hunts through the overflowing laundry basket
dialog: for something less dirty.
scene_heading: INT. MONROE'S BEDROOM, BLACK COVE FARM. DAY
text: Ada enters her father's room, wearing undergarments.
text: Everything as he left it and, in contrast to the rest of the
text: house, extremely tidy. She opens a wardrobe, finds one of
text: his coats, puts it on. It's much too big, and she rolls up
text: the sleeves, catches her pinched face and disheveled face in
text: a swivel mirror. She turns the mirror away and the image
dialog: swings into --
scene_heading: EXT. GATES OF HOSPITAL, CHARLESTON. DAY
text: -- the figure of Inman walking, frail, grey. A kind of
text: lurching walk, as if his balance isn't guaranteed. He gets
text: close to the gate and interests a Guard, on the lookout for
text: would-be deserters. A BLIND MAN IS SELLING PEANUTS which he
text: roasts over a small fire. He's always singing. Inman
text: approaches. When Inman speaks, his voice is a croak.
speaker_heading: BLIND MAN
dialog: Getting better all the time.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Seems that way.
speaker_heading: BLIND MAN
dialog: I wouldn't hurry. War's almost done.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Where'd you take your wound?
speaker_heading: BLIND MAN
dialog: Before I was born. Never saw a thing
dialog: in this world, not a tree a gun or a
dialog: woman. Though I put my hand on all
dialog: three. Couple of things I felt back
dialog: there I'd sure liked to have had a
dialog: long look at.
text: He's shoveling some peanuts into a twist of paper.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: What would you give for that? To
dialog: have your eyeballs back for ten
dialog: minutes?
speaker_heading: BLIND MAN
dialog: Ten minutes! Wouldn't give an Indian
dialog: head cent. I fear it might turn me
dialog: hateful.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: That's sure what seeing's done to
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: BLIND MAN
dialog: That ain't the way I meant it. You
dialog: said ten minutes. It's having a thing
dialog: and then the loss I'm talking about.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Then we don't agree. There's not
dialog: much I wouldn't give for ten minutes
dialog: of someplace.
speaker_heading: BLIND MAN
dialog: Someplace or someone.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Same difference.
speaker_heading: BLIND MAN
dialog: You watch yourself. They're shooting
text: men who take themselves a walk.
scene_heading: EXT. TREE PROMENADE, CHARLESTON. DAY
text: Inman and a bunch of other walking wounded make their way,
text: under supervision, towards the town. The grandeur of the
text: approach, the carriages. The sorry state of the soldiers.
scene_heading: INT. COURTHOUSE, CHARLESTON. DAY
text: TWO GREAT TRESTLE TABLES, LOADED WITH CLOTHES. Underneath
text: the tables, boots -- laced together, origins various. The
text: charitable womenfolk are helping match clothes to recovering
text: soldiers, some of whom are still on crutches, or in
text: wheelchairs. Inman finds a black dresscoat, some pants, a
text: pair of boots. He accumulates a little pile. On his way out,
text: AN ELDERLY AND STAUNCH CONFEDERATE GENTLEMAN shakes his hand
text: and gives him an apple from the barrel.
scene_heading: EXT. TEMPORARY BARBERSHOP, CHARLESTON. DAY
text: Inman emerges from the Courthouse and joins the line for a
text: shave at the makeshift barbershop set up outside the
text: Courthouse. Two barbers, two chairs. A VERY ELEGANT SQUARE,
text: SOME STUCCO-FRONTED BUILDINGS, A GLIMPSE OF THE MONEYED SOUTH
text: IN SHARP CONTRAST TO THE MODEST TOWN OF COLD MOUNTAIN. AN
scene_heading: AUCTION HOUSE OPPOSITE ADVERTISES SLAVES, CATTLE, LAND...
speaker_heading: BARBER
dialog: Next.
text: Inman settles in the seat. The Barber contemplates his scraggy
text: beard, the livid, scabbed wound on his neck.
speaker_heading: BARBER
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: I'll cut your hair, but I ain't about
dialog: to shave you. That thing opens up,
dialog: your head's liable to falloff.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL, CHARLESTON. PREDAWN
text: It is almost dawn. The window by Inman's bed is a frame giving
text: onto the still dark world. The Night Guard passes by on its
text: patrol of the perimeter. A CLEAN-SHAVEN INMAN IS FULLY DRESSED
text: UNDER THE COVERS. He gets his hat, pushes his book into his
text: knapsack and, with one step up, WALKS OUT OF THE WINDOW AND
text: INTO THE WORLD.
scene_heading: EXT. THE OCEAN BY THE HOSPITAL, CHARLESTON. DAWN
text: Inman, his footprints in the sand, as he hurries along by
text: the edge of the ocean, away from the hospital...
scene_heading: EXT. SWANGER FARM. DAY
text: -- as Ada walks, the wind kicking up around her, past the
text: Swanger place. She's bent and curiously dressed in her
text: father's coat.
speaker_heading: SALLY (V.O.)
dialog: Ada...
text: Sally Swanger calls out from the field. She's concerned at
text: Ada's gaunt, ragged appearance. Ada waits for her approach.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: You're skinny as a whippet, girl --
dialog: you're coming indoors with me.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I can't. I'm not -- I need to clean
dialog: some clothes.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Great God, you ever looked at my
dialog: husband! I can't get him to wear
dialog: decent Church clothes Christmas
dialog: morning. Hang on to me, the wind'll
dialog: blow you over.
text: And she folds her arm into Ada's. They walk up the lane.
scene_heading: INT. SWANGER FARM. AFTERNOON
text: Ada eats. Esco across from her contemplating her evident
text: appetite, the oversized man's jacket. Sally ladles more food
text: onto Ada's plate.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Don't go back to that dark house.
dialog: There's a bed here, least till our
dialog: boys get home.
speaker_heading: ESCO
dialog: That your daddy's coat?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I was saying to Sally, I wasn't
dialog: expecting to be visiting, so...
speaker_heading: ESCO
dialog: Don't suit you.
text: He starts to chuckle, then Ada, too, then Sally.
speaker_heading: ESCO
dialog: I can't get up to your place this
dialog: week.
dialog: (of Sally)
dialog: She's mad at me --
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I don't expect -
speaker_heading: ESCO
dialog: -- more than I can do to keep this
dialog: place half-managed. I'm ready-to
dialog: stop, I tell you. I just want to sit
dialog: on my porch with Sal, watch my boys
dialog: in the field, holler good job! every
dialog: hour or so.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: What about your people in Charleston?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: There are no people. And no money.
dialog: My father had some bonds and
dialog: investments. They're worthless now,
dialog: of course, the war has... they're
dialog: not worth anything.
dialog: (they look at each
dialog: other)
dialog: I love it here. In spite of
dialog: everything.
speaker_heading: ESCO
text: And waiting on a feller.
text: A look from Sally.
speaker_heading: ESCO
dialog: Look down our well.
dialog: (Sally's disgusted
dialog: with him)
dialog: She should! Look down our well with
dialog: a mirror, you'll see the future.
dialog: S'what they say.
dialog: (to Sally)
dialog: You do it! Don't make that face.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I know it ain't rightly Christian,
dialog: but it's what folks do, like when
text: they dangle a needle over the belly
dialog: to see if you're carrying a boy or a
dialog: girl.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: What kind of mirror?
scene_heading: EXT. YARD, SWANGER FARM. LATE DAY
text: AN IMAGE -- DISTORTED, WATERY. IT'S HARD TO RESOLVE BUT COULD
text: BE A CORRIDOR OF TREES. THE SUN LOW AT ONE END, THE SILHOUETTE
text: OF A FIGURE WALKING SLOWLY FORWARDS, A SUDDEN DISTURBANCE OF
speaker_heading: CROWS.
text: Ada is bent backwards over the well, a hand mirror glinting
text: down into the blackness. The reflection is elusive against
text: the bright evening sky, the sun almost set, and low.
speaker_heading: ESCO
dialog: See anything?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I tried many a time, never saw a
dialog: dickybird.
text: The image is clearer. The trees sharpen, the figure walking,
text: the steep incline of the corridor, all fiercely black and
text: white as if it were a carpet of snow and black hieroglyphs
text: of trees, and crows flying. The trick of the glass and the
text: watery disc of the well surface. A buzzing in Ada's ears,
text: something like a distant music. Then the figure seems to
text: suddenly pitch forwards, but at that moment, Ada -- canted
text: over, getting dizzy has to move and the image flies away,
text: replaced with the sky, the flash of the setting sun.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: You all right?
text: Ada's faint. She sits up, blank, a little shaken.
speaker_heading: ADA (V.O.)
dialog: Yesterday I found myself crouched
text: over a well like a mad woman, which
dialog: I suppose I have become
scene_heading: EXT. PLANTATION. DAY
text: Inman walks along an expanse of marshland. Great cranes fly
text: heavily over him.
speaker_heading: ADA (V.O.)
text: -- and staring down into its secrets,
dialog: I thought I saw you there, walking
dialog: back to me --
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK COVE FARM. LATE AFTERNOON
text: Ada is writing in her father's campaign chair, a blanket
text: wrapped around her, a rake propped next to her.
speaker_heading: ADA (V.O.)
dialog: -- or wished I did.
speaker_heading: RUBY (O.S.)
dialog: That cow wants milking.
text: Ada looks up from her writing with a start. She covers her
text: letter, guiltily, instinctively. In front of her, at the
text: gate, is A YOUNG RAWBONED, FERAL WOMAN, OF INDETERMINATE
text: ORIGINS. She is barefoot, and dressed in a hand-dye_ shift
text: of blue. Her name is RUBY.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: If that letter ain't urgent, the cow
dialog: is -- is what I'm saying.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I don't know you.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Old Lady Swanger says you need some
dialog: help. Here I am.
text: Ada is instantly defensive, intimidated.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I need help, I need, I do need help,
dialog: but I need a laborer -- there's
dialog: plowing and rough work and -- I think
dialog: there's been a misunderstanding.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: What's the rake for?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: The rake?
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Ain't for gardening, that's for sure.
dialog: Number one -- you got a horse I can
dialog: plow all day. I'm a worker. Number
dialog: two there's no man better than me
dialog: cause there's no man around who ain't
dialog: old or full of mischief. I know your
dialog: plight.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: My plight?
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Am I hard to hear cause you keep
dialog: repeating everything. I'm not looking
dialog: for money, never cared for it and
dialog: now it ain't worth nothing. I expect
text: to board and eat at the same table.
dialog: I'm not a servant. Do you get my
dialog: meaning?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: You're not a servant.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: People'll have to empty their own
dialog: night jars, that's my point.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: And I'm not planning to work while
dialog: you watch neither.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Is that a yes or a no?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: (looks at Ruby)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: There's half the day yet. Let's make
dialog: a start. My name's Ruby. I know your
dialog: name.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: The rake: there's a rooster devil,
dialog: I'm sure of it. He's Lucifer himself.
text: I go near him he's at me with his
text: spurs.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: I despise a flogging rooster. Where
dialog: is he?
text: Ada gets up, nods to the corner of the yard. Ruby goes over.
text: The Rooster gathers himself up for a new opponent.
text: IN ONE MOVEMENT SHE PICKS UP THE BIRD AND TWISTS OFF ITS
speaker_heading: HEAD.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Let's put him in a pot.
scene_heading: EXT. CORNFIELDS. DAWN
text: Inman's walking on a track which passes through cornfields,
text: the crop high and thick around him. He stops, hearing
text: something. Riders. He wades into the field, seeking cover in
text: the tall crop, lying in the dirt. Horses appear. HOME GUARD
scene_heading: MEN ON PATROL, A CHAIN GANG OF PRISONERS: SLAVES, DESERTERS
text: IN TOW, A COUPLE OF FEDERAL SOLDIERS. They have dogs, which
text: sniff and growl, intrigued by the fields, called back by the
dialog: Home Guard.
text: Inman waits until they're well out of sight. AS HE GETS TO
text: HIS FEET IN THE GREAT FIELDS, ANOTHER BODY APPEARS, THEN
text: ANOTHER, THEN ANOTHER, THEN ANOTHER, ALL SLAVES ON THE RUN
text: DOTTED AROUND THE FIELD. He walks to the road, paying no
text: heed to them. They assemble, paying no heed to him and move
text: off in the opposite direction. Inman turns, looks at them.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Hey!
dialog: (they stop, turn)
dialog: I'd pay a dollar for an egg. A piece
dialog: of cheese.
text: They look at him, then continue on their way.
scene_heading: INT. ADA'S BEDROOM, BLACK COVE FARM. PREDAWN
text: Ada wakes up to persistent knocking.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Ada? Ada? You up?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (opening her eyes)
text: It's still dark.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Tell the cows that. It's late.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, BLACK COVE FARM. PREDAWN
text: Ada enters blearily, clutching her novel. Ruby already busy.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I have to eat something.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Then you have to get up earlier.
dialog: (at Ada's book)
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: A novel.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: (heading outside)
dialog: You want to carry a book carry one
dialog: you can write in --
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK COVE FARM. DAWN
text: Ruby emerges, followed by Ada, chewing on a tomato.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: -- we got our own story. Called Black
dialog: Cove Farm: a catastrophe.
text: She looks back at Ada for a reaction.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: I can spell it, too. C-a-t-a-s-t-r-o-
dialog: phe. Learned the same place you did,
dialog: in the schoolroom. That's one of the
dialog: first words they taught me. Ruby
dialog: Thewes, you are a ca-t-a-s-t-r-o-p-h-
dialog: e...
text: They're heading for the stable.
scene_heading: INT. STABLE, BLACK COVE FARM. DAY
text: Ruby's already pitching hay. Turns to Ada.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: You mucking out?
text: Ada half-asleep, obedient, stunned by this energy.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Three years I was in school before
dialog: my daddy -- saying God rest his soul
dialog: is like wishing him what he had in
dialog: life, cause he lived to rest, he was
dialog: born tired -- before my daddy decided
dialog: there was better use for my backside
dialog: than have it sat all day in front of
text: a blackboard.
scene_heading: EXT. A FIELD OF WEEDS, BLACK COVE FARM. DAY
text: Ruby dictates a list to Ada as they bustle along.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Number One -- layout a winter garden
dialog: for cool season crops: turnips,
dialog: onions, cabbage, greens.
text: Ada scribbles, walks, scribbles.
scene_heading: EXT. BARN, BLACK COVE FARM
text: Ruby up a ladder, inspecting the roof.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Number Two: patch the shingles on
dialog: the barn roof. Do we have a maul and
dialog: froe?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: (writing, holding the
dialog: ladder)
dialog: Maul?
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: M-a-u-l.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I have no idea.
scene_heading: INT. COLD HOUSE, BLACK COVE FARM. DAY
text: Ruby cleans out leaves and detritus from the stone channel,
text: allowing the stream to flow free and cool.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Number three: clay crocks for
dialog: preserves. Tomatoes. Beans. Jams.
scene_heading: EXT. BOTTOM FIELD, BLACK COVE FARM. DUSK
text: Ruby doing her version of soil analysis, scrunching the earth,
text: tasting it, spitting it out. Ada makes a face.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Clear and turn this field. No harm
dialog: done letting it go fallow, now we'll
dialog: do well.
scene_heading: EXT. OUTBUILDINGS, BLACK COVE FARM. AFTERNOON
text: Ruby looks up. Ada catches up with her.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Number fifteen
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Sixteen.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Number sixteen: let's get a martin
text: colony going in the Gourd House.
dialog: Keep away crows. You got one thing
dialog: in abundance on this farm and that's
text: crows.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: What's a Gourd House?
scene_heading: EXT. APPLE ORCHARD, BLACK COVE FARM. DUSK
text: Ruby, delighted, contemplates the bounty of apples.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: There's survival. On them trees.
text: (turns to an exhausted
dialog: Ada)
dialog: You got a cider press or would that
dialog: be wishing on a blessing?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Actually, yes, I think we do.
text: Ruby whoops, jogs away. Ada, exhausted takes a bite of an
text: apple, watches her.
scene_heading: EXT. A BLUFF. NIGHT
text: INMAN WALKS A ROCKY TRACK, FALLING AWAY TO THE RIVER AT ONE
text: SIDE, A STEEP CLIFF TO THE OTHER, the way itself broken and
text: precarious, bad country to meet an enemy.
text: Inman sees A LIGHT in the distance, a torch flicking in and
text: out of view, like a star to follow. He stops, narrows his
text: eyes to focus on the view, listening hard. He pulls out the
dialog: Lemats.
text: A MAN, ALL IN BLACK, A HORSE IN TOW, IS AT THE EDGE OF THE
speaker_heading: GORGE.
text: The horse has a burden -- a sack or wrapped bundle draped
text: over either side of the saddle. The attempts to heave the
text: bundle onto his shoulders. He can't, and the bundle slips to
text: the ground, cover falling enough to glimpse an arm, a head.
text: IT IS THE BODY OF A BLACK GIRL. The man tries again to lift
text: her. He's clearly upset, despairing, his hat comes off to
text: reveal long, dandy's hair, all extravagant curls. He staggers
text: with the weight of the girl, heading for the lip of the deep
dialog: gorge.
text: He kisses the girl again and again, cheeks, mouth, mumbling
text: to her. He's at the edge now and can just let her go. THEN
text: INMAN'S GUN IS AT HIS TEMPLE.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Don't let go. Just back up, nice and
dialog: steady, do this all in reverse, you're
text: going to end up with her draped back
dialog: over your animal.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: Don't pull that trigger. I am a man
dialog: of God.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I've killed several of them.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: I mean I am God's minister.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: What part of God's business is
text: throwing a woman down a gorge.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: A slave woman, can you see that in
dialog: this light? She's black as a bucket
dialog: of tar.
text: He's retreating, on his way back to the horse.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Is she dead?
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: Drugged her. Like you would a
dialog: butterfly. And I care for her, that's
dialog: the heartbreak of it.
text: He has the girl back on the horse. Inman brings the torch up
text: to his face. It's tear-stained.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: She's got my bastard in her belly.
dialog: What kind of pistol is that I never
dialog: saw the like of it?
scene_heading: EXT. VEASEY TOWN. NIGHT
text: Inman leads the horse, with Veasey ahead of him, hands tied
text: behind his back, desperate for a reprieve.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: I'm begging you. It's better you
dialog: blowout my brains than return me to
dialog: this place.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Where does she live?
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: In our house. She sleeps in our
dialog: kitchen. You don't know me, friend,
dialog: but the good Lord punished me with
dialog: want. I am all appetite. That's all
dialog: I do all day is want: food, the female
dialog: parts...
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Shut your mouth. I don't want a sermon
dialog: every time I ask a question.
text: They're in the town's main drag now. There's a Chapel and
text: next to it, a small house.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: This your place?
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: Dear God of misery.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: You're going to put her back where
text: she sleeps.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: I do that the Members will lynch me.
text: Consorting with a nigger, adultery,
dialog: siring a bastard while serving as
dialog: their preacher. We're a strict
dialog: congregation we've churched men for
text: picking up a fiddle on the sabbath.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: So you reckoned to kill her.
text: Disgusted, Inman approaches the front door of the house.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: There's a back door. Have pity.
text: And he leads Inman down a side path.
scene_heading: INT. VEASEY HOUSE. NIGHT
text: Veasey comes in, now carrying the girl. Inman comes behind,
text: the gun trained on Veasey as he sets her down by the fire.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Thank you. I was going to do a
dialog: grievous wrong.
text: He looks longing at the girl as he puts the blanket around
text: her shoulders. He turns to Inman.
speaker_heading: VESEY
dialog: You tasted dark meat? Sweet as
dialog: liquorice. I think I should go back
dialog: up to my wife. She wakes at the
text: slightest noise.
text: Inman is incredulous that he thinks he can just go to bed...
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: You find me some paper and a pen.
scene_heading: EXT. CHAPEL, VEASEY TOWN. DAWN
text: INMAN HAS TIED A VERY DISTRAUGHT VEASEY TO A TREE IN FRONT
text: OF HIS CHAPEL. Inman is pinning a sheet of paper above
text: Veasey's head. It's covered in handwriting. A dog barks.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: You're not entitled to judge me!
dialog: You're nothing but an outlier, plain
dialog: as daylight!
text: Inman has pulled a handkerchief from Veasey's jacket. He
text: stuffs it into his mouth, cutting this diatribe short. And
text: then he walks away leaving Veasey tied to the tree, cursing
text: through the handkerchief.
scene_heading: INT. ADA'S BEDROOM, BLACK COVE FARM. PREDAWN
text: Ada asleep. Ruby enters, shattering the calm.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Morning. Pigs: you have any loose in
dialog: the woods?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: No. What? No. We bought our hams.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: There's a world more to a hog than
dialog: the two hams! Lard, for example,
dialog: we'll need plenty --
text: She picks up some discarded laundry, contemplates the
text: overflowing laundry basket.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: The catastrophe of Ada Monroe's
dialog: laundry.
dialog: (marching out)
dialog: I can feel you shutting your eyes.
scene_heading: EXT. BOTTOM FIELD. BLACK COVE FARM. DAY
text: Ada and Ruby working with the horse to make the beginnings
text: of A SPLIT RAIL FENCE. As they struggle with a heavy rail,
text: Ruby is testing Ada.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: What's this wood?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I don't know. Locust?
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Where's North?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: North is, North is --
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Name me three herbs growing wild on
dialog: this farm.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: (frustrated with Ruby
dialog: and with herself)
dialog: I can't! I can't! All right? I can
dialog: talk about farming in Latin. Will
dialog: that do? I can read French. I know
dialog: Harmony and Counterpoint. I know my
dialog: Bible. I can name the principal rivers
dialog: of Europe, but don't ask me to name
dialog: one stream in this county. I can
dialog: embroider, but I can't darn, I can
dialog: arrange cut flowers, but I can't
dialog: grow them. If a thing has a function,
dialog: if I might do something with it, it
dialog: wasn't considered suitable.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Ruby, you could ask why? about pretty
dialog: much everything to do with me.
text: They manage to get the first line of rail set down.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: This fence is about the first thing
dialog: I've ever done that'll produce an
dialog: actual result.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: So you never wrapped your legs around
dialog: this Inman?
text: An old-fashioned look from Ada...
scene_heading: EXT. SUNKEN FOREST. DAY
text: Inman finds himself in A SUNKEN FOREST OF PINE. He moves
text: warily, his beard longer, his figure gaunt, his clothes
text: weathering to a uniform smudge of charcoal.
text: He hears DOGS BARKING IN THE DISTANCE, FAINT SHOUTS. He picks
text: up his pace, skirts round the swampy lake.
scene_heading: EXT. CAPE FEAR RIVER. DUSK
text: Inman comes to the bank of a HUGE RIVER. The water, as the
text: light begins to go, is the color of mud, with bubbles,
text: belching to the surface, full of ugly prominent. Inman is
text: almost jogging now, an ear tracking his still distant
text: pursuers. The river is too wide to contemplate swimming and
text: now it begins to curve left, forcing him -- against his
text: judgment, to circle back. He approaches A SMALL JETTY.
text: A sign: Ferry $5. Yell Loud.
text: On the far bank there's A CABIN ON STILTS above the highwater
text: mark. Inman calls out, reluctantly, his voice still a kind
text: of growl. Then again.
text: A TINY FIGURE steps out of the cabin and waves before jumping
text: into a small canoe. The canoe heads against the current, the
text: rower's back bent with the effort. As the canoe approaches,
text: Inman sees that the ferryman is, in fact, A YOUNG GIRL, not
text: eighteen. She doesn't look at him. He produces five dollars.
text: She eyes the bill with contempt.
speaker_heading: FERRYGIRL
dialog: For five dollars I wouldn't give a
dialog: parched man a dipper of this
dialog: riverwater.
speaker_heading: INMAN
text: Sign says ferry, five dollars.
speaker_heading: FERRYGIRL
dialog: This look like a ferry? My Daddy's
dialog: dead, or gone off to the Federals,
dialog: don't matter which. I'm the way across
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: What's the name of this thing?
speaker_heading: FERRYGIRL
dialog: Nothing but the mighty Cape Fear
dialog: River, is all.
text: A dog barks in the distance. Getting closer. Inman turns to
text: the sound. The Ferrygirl is well aware of her leverage.
speaker_heading: FERRYGIRL
dialog: Nobody crosses this water unless
text: they're running from someplace. Some
dialog: cross one way, some the other: makes
dialog: no difference, they're all running.
dialog: You want to wait for your friends?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I can give you thirty dollars script.
speaker_heading: FERRYGIRL
dialog: Let's go.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Hey! Hey! Wait!
text: Inman is astonished to see VEASEY stumble out of the trees.
text: His head is shaved, his face bruised and swollen, his clothes
text: castoffs and ill-fitting, cinched at the waist with rope. He
text: stumbles towards Inman, urging him to get on with the journey.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: Keep going. We're both in trouble.
text: He gets straight into the canoe.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: No. Get out.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: It's Homeguard. Made me tell them
dialog: all about you.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I should have shot you when I had
dialog: the chance.
text: Shouts, more barking. Inman jumps in the canoe, and they're
text: off. The Ferrygirl turns the boat around, rows them away
text: from the jetty with the grace of someone doing something for
dialog: the thousandth time.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: I'm not looking for revenge, by the
dialog: way. For what you did to me. No, I'm
dialog: a Pilgrim now, like you, traveling
dialog: the road, paying our dues, relying
dialog: on the kindness of strangers.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: You're nothing like me and the last
dialog: thing I want right now is a
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: (to Ferrygirl)
dialog: You recall Job in the scriptures? I
dialog: will give free utterance to my
dialog: complaint. I will speak in the
dialog: bitterness of my soul. That's our
dialog: friend here...
dialog: (to Inman)
dialog: They cut off my hair. Which was hard.
dialog: I was vain about my hair.
dialog: (to Ferrygirl)
dialog: I had good curls. But I deserved it.
dialog: I'm the Reverend Veasey. Have I seen
dialog: you in church?
text: Inman sits, scouring the bank for sign of his pursuers. The
text: sun is sinking fast.
speaker_heading: FERRYGIRL
dialog: I'm saving for a cowhide, and when I
dialog: get it I aim to get a saddle made,
dialog: and when I get me a saddle I'll save
dialog: for a horse, and when I got a horse
dialog: I'll throw on the saddle, and then
dialog: you won't see my sorry ass round
dialog: this swamp again.
text: She has no love for the river. Another gurgle of viscous
text: bubbles around the canoe.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: FERRYGIRL
dialog: Catfish. 'gator. Keep your hand in
text: the boat. Already looks like some
text: critter chewed his neck.
dialog: (she looks at Inman)
dialog: Thirty more dollars, we can go to
dialog: the cabin. I'll pull this dress over
dialog: my head.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: (excited)
dialog: Have we got thirty dollars?
text: A sharp sound, a tiny thwack of ball on meat. The Ferrygirl
text: SUDDENLY SLUMPS BACK and falls into the water.
text: Veasey grabs out at the oar, but it goes, too. The girl sinks
text: quickly, A BLOODY GAP to the side of her head. Inman, on his
text: knees and stretching, can't help her. Then a second noise as
text: A HOLE THE SIZE OF A FIST appears in the canoe, just at
text: waterlevel. Water pours into the canoe. Dogs bark, and now
text: FIGURES are visible at the jetty. HOME GUARD. One of them
text: has a sniper's rifle and is loading for a third shot. Inman
text: can see him sighting the rifle. They lie flat in the canoe.
text: ANOTHER GREAT FIST OF WOOD is gouged out. Now the boat is
text: almost full of water. Veasey spits out a foul mouthful. INMAN
text: ROCKS THE CANOE AND LETS IT TURN OVER ONTO THEM, Veasey
text: surfaces from under it, clutching the wood as a raft, but
text: the canoe CATCHES INMAN A BLOW TO HIS HEAD and he sinks.
text: Veasey hauls him to the surface and, surprisingly strong,
text: holds him with one fist, the boat with the other, lets the
text: current take them, pulling them under, then up, under, then
text: up, but clinging on, as the rifle continues to deliver its
text: assault, another shot into the boat, another into the water
text: near to Veasey's arm.
text: THE GIRL'S BODY comes by them, carried by the river, the
text: dress billowing out almost covering her head. The sun has
text: gone, the light fading, the canoe sliding downriver away
dialog: from their aggressors.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER PART OF THE CAPE FEAR. NIGHT
text: In the moonlight, the canoe drifts into the muddy bank and
text: Veasey drags a half-drowned Inman to land, both of them
text: retching with the vile river water. AN ALLIGATOR eases into
text: the river not ten feet from where they lie, lungs heaving.
text: They get up. Veasey to his feet, Inman to his knees.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: You okay?
text: Inman nods, coughs. And Veasey AIMS A KICK at Inman's head,
text: knocking him back into the mud.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Jesus, god!
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: I figure that righteous, given our
dialog: history. Otherwise I'd bear a grudge
dialog: on our journey.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: There's nowhere I'm going with you
dialog: except to Hellfire!
scene_heading: INT. ADA'S BEDROOM. BLACK COVE FARM. NIGHT
text: Ada, her hair plaited in a new and simpler configuration, is
text: working on Ruby's hair, while Ruby experiments with some
text: earrings.
text: A pile of Ada's jewelry on the bed beside them.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Agricola poetis viam non monstrat.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Which means?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: The farmer does not point out the
dialog: road to a poet.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Which means? Should be the other way
dialog: round
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Which means, I suppose, which means
dialog: the poet should know where he's going.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: (of Ada's hairdressing)
dialog: It's no wonder you're helpless and
dialog: hopeless if it takes this long to
dialog: fix your hair.
dialog: (of the Latin)
dialog: Say some more.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Terra mutata non mutat mores.
dialog: (can't believe she
dialog: knows all these
dialog: phrases by heart)
text: It's appalling what's in my head.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: It's appalling what's in my head?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: No, it means: A change of place does
dialog: not change a character.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Well that's surely true even in
dialog: English.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: You can keep those earrings.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: We can't keep anything.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I have to keep the bangles. They
dialog: were my mother's.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Well that's all. The rest is for
dialog: trading. Else they can bury you in
dialog: your finery.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: (of her hair)
dialog: You're done.
text: There's a small mirror on a stand. It has Inman's picture
text: stuck in it. She picks it up, removing the tintype, and
text: holding it up for Ruby to see her hairstyle.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Good God! Okay.
text: She takes the mirror and shows Ada her simple plait.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I like it.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Takes two minutes. That's what I
dialog: like.
text: She puts the earrings back in the pile.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: How much do you love that piano?
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK COVE FARM. DUSK
text: THE PIANO jangles down the rutted lane on the back of Mr.
text: Roy's cart. Ada watches, A SMALL FLOCK of sheep milling around
text: her in the path. Ruby is dragging a big sow towards the yard.
text: Ada picks up one of two sacks and staggers towards the house.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, BLACK COVE FARM. DUSK
text: Ada arrives in the kitchen. They've got it under control
text: now, scrubbed and orderly. She puts the sack down next to
text: another one. Her hands are calloused, the finger nails cracked
text: and ruined, stripes of earth under them. Ruby comes in,
text: struggling with the last sack, pleased.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: We're careful we'll get through the
dialog: winter now. I made old man Roy give
dialog: me ten of those sheep on account of
dialog: I said they were so small put together
dialog: they were no bigger than six proper
dialog: sheep.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: My father always wanted sheep on
dialog: this land.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: I'm sorry you had to lose your piano.
dialog: I cut off my hair once, for money.
dialog: My daddy got two dollars for it.
dialog: Made a wig for a rich feller in
dialog: Raleigh.
text: They're working as they talk, taking the sacks into the
text: larder, putting out stuff for the evening meal.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Stobrod called himself a musician --
dialog: my daddy -- he could play six tune
text: on a fiddle. Got himself shot dead
dialog: at Petersburg. I was like his goat
text: or some creature tethered to a post.
dialog: He left me once, up the mountains. I
dialog: was eight. He was gone over two weeks.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Oh Ruby.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: (defiant)
dialog: I was all right! He'd walk forty
dialog: miles for liquor and not forty inches
dialog: for kindness.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: And your mother?
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Never met her. We're the same in
dialog: that regard. He said she was -- he
dialog: told me a thousand stories -- she
text: was a wolf or an indian or a donkey.
dialog: Don't say much for him, except you
dialog: know he'd be fast to work up a sweat
dialog: on a tree if he thought there was
dialog: pleasure in it.
text: There's a pause. Ruby not easy with her emotions. Abruptly
text: she jumps up.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: There's cows to milk.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER, EN ROUTE TO SALISBURY. DAY
text: Inman stands in the river, hoping to catch a fish, trying to
text: concentrate. Veasey presides, complaining...
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: Used to be as regular as morning
dialog: prayers. Matter of fact I could set
dialog: my watch by my bowels. That beeswax
dialog: you fed me, day before yesterday, it
dialog: stops a man up. Open my gut now they'd
text: find turds stacked up like little
text: black twigs.
text: On a parallel track across the river, RIDERS... impossible
dialog: to say whether Home Guard or a Federal Raiding Party. Inman
text: splashes out of the water, pushes Veasey down, silencing
text: him. The riders pass.
text: Veasey spots something shining in the grass, picks it up.
text: IT'S A LONG TWO-HANDED SAW.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: Hey! Look at this!
dialog: (flexing it)
dialog: This is a good saw.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: It's not yours. You take it, you
dialog: make us another enemy. You're a
dialog: Christian -- don' t you know your
dialog: commandments?
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: You'll find the good Lord very
dialog: flexible on the subject of property.
dialog: We could do a lot with this saw...
text: Inman is vexed, walks away. Veasey follows, experimenting
text: with the saw's music when flexed. Inman stalks on.
scene_heading: EXT. NEAR A FORD. DAY
text: Inman way ahead, full of purpose. Veasey still has the saw,
text: trots to catch up.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: Why you in such a hurry the whole
dialog: time?
dialog: (no answer)
dialog: Hurry or slow the destination is
dialog: always the same. It's only the journey
dialog: that is different. That's either in
dialog: the Good Book or I made it up.
text: Inman suddenly stops, scowling, puts up a hand, listens.
text: Inman carefully scouts the track then, with great caution,
text: edges towards the river bank.
text: A HEAVY SET MAN labours in the water. He's contemplating THE
text: HUGE BLACK CARCASS OF A BULL which has slipped into the ford
text: and died. The man is wet and exasperated.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: Good day to you!
text: The man turns, his spirit evidently lifted by the prospect
text: of help. His name is JUNIOR. He's working on roping the
dialog: animal.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: My old bull, wandered off and died
dialog: in this here creek. Fouled up our
dialog: water is how I found it.
text: Veasey is immediately an authority on bull removal.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: This is a tricky one.
text: The three men contemplate the carcass, swatting away the
text: swarms of flies. Junior offers a swig from a jug of liquor.
text: Inman refuses, Veasey takes a long pull, shudders happily.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: The name for the Bull's member is a
dialog: tassel. I learned that and never
dialog: forgot it.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Reckon I need a train of mules.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: (walking away)
dialog: I'm getting an idea. My saw is the
dialog: remedy. Let's saw up some wood and
dialog: make levers.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Then what?
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: Lever him out. This'll work!
text: He walks into the wood.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Where you two sports heading?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: (inscrutable)
dialog: I don't know where he's heading. I'm
dialog: going down the road. And I got a
dialog: good way to go before nightfall.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (acknowledging his
dialog: attitude)
dialog: Charitable of you to make a stop.
dialog: Ain't for me to be curious.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: (emerges from the
dialog: woods)
dialog: How do you work this damn thing?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: (to Veasey)
dialog: Give me that saw.
dialog: (to Junior)
dialog: Come on.
text: He takes the saw, walks to the bull, gets on one side,
dialog: indicates Junior should go to the other.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Let's do this in chapters.
text: And they begin to SAW OFF THE BULL'S NECK.
text: LATER, and they're in A VILE STEW OF BLOOD AND INNARDS. The
text: stomach opens and its contents gush into the creek. Veasey
text: is disgusted, draws back. The two other men haul up the rest
text: of the animal onto the banks. They're exhausted.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: You might want to leave off that
dialog: water for a day or two.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: There'll be a tang, I'd imagine.
scene_heading: EXT. TRACK APPROACHING JUNIOR'S CABIN. EVENING
text: Junior, Inman and Veasey come around a bend and there's A
text: BIG CABIN LOOMING. It's in such poor repair that one end has
text: slipped from the stones which serve as it's foundation and
text: STANDS BADLY TILTED OVER. Junior roots up another hidden jug
text: of liquor, which he drinks from, then hands to Veasey.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: There's my place. Hope you can stomach
text: a yard chock-full of females. Brought
dialog: my woman home, she showed up with
dialog: her three so-called sisters and their
text: brats. The noise in that place is
dialog: something awful. It's why I go
dialog: hunting.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: (considering the wild
dialog: camber)
text: Looks a bit crooked.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: It is on a bit of a tilt. Them
text: females. They all roll down one end
dialog: each night!
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: -- Roll me over!
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: -- In the clover
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: One good fart -- that'll tip over!
text: They guffaw, delighted in the alcohol haze. Veasey suddenly
text: exclaims, hand in the air, rushes into the bushes.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: Oh God of my God! Hallelujah!
dialog: Hallelujah!
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: What's up?
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: The Israelites! The tribes of Israel
text: are about to flee from the banks of
dialog: Egypt! Hallelujah!
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: (explaining to Junior)
dialog: He's got a shit coming on. It's
text: overdue.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (bewildered)
dialog: And he's a Preacher? Like a Christian?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Like a Christian.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Good God.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNIOR'S CABIN. DUSK
text: The three men arrive at the yard. DOGS AND CHILDREN MILL
text: AROUND THE VISITORS. FOUR WOMEN COME OUT, one after the other
text: each of them in simple shifts which seem to emphasis their
text: voluptuousness, or so it seems to Veasey. They freely stare.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
text: These two boys is stopping for supper.
text: They're on the road to Atonement.
text: The women consider the men, then disappear back inside.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: Atonement is not a place.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: So what is it when it's at home?
speaker_heading: VEASEY
text: Those are fine examples of the female.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Take them all and leave the saw. Be
dialog: a sight more use.
speaker_heading: SHYLA
dialog: (reappearing)
dialog: If they want to get in a tub there's
text: an hour before food.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: They love to scrub a man.
dialog: (to Shyla)
text: Put the water on the boil.
dialog: (back to the men)
dialog: It's my liquor, gets their titties
dialog: swinging.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: (excited)
dialog: God damn!
dialog: (to Inman)
dialog: I was right about sheep droppings
dialog: those stools -- like rock hard. Quite
dialog: astonishing.
scene_heading: INT. SMOKEHOUSE AT JUNIOR'S CABIN. DUSK
text: No real furniture. Veasey is shaving. Inman stows his knapsack
text: behind the woodburning stove, on which a big kettle of boiling
text: water steams away. Then he gets in the tub, his back to the
dialog: door.
text: Shyla comes in, brings the kettle over to the tub, pours in
text: the steaming water. She appraises Inman. It's intensely
dialog: sexual.
speaker_heading: SHYLA
dialog: That's battered flesh.
dialog: (of his neck wound)
dialog: I could work a finger in there.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: He's a hero. Took that wound at
dialog: Petersburg.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: He doesn't know what I am.
dialog: (uncomfortable with
dialog: her stare)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: SHYLA
dialog: (to Veasey)
dialog: He's shy, ain't he?
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: Wait up a few minutes, I'll be in
dialog: that tub, then we'll see who's a shy
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: SHYLA
text: I want to poke my thumb in his holes.
text: A second woman comes to the door. Dolly.
speaker_heading: DOLLY
dialog: Lila says supper's up.
scene_heading: INT. JUNIOR'S CABIN, NIGHT
text: LILA, JUNIOR'S WIFE, spoons out stew from a vast pot. The
text: table crammed with customers -- her three sisters, the three
text: men, the herd of dogs and filthy children. Nobody speaks.
text: Each time Lila bends over to spoon out of the pot, her
text: cleavage strains against the flimsy fabric of her dress.
text: Veasey's mesmerized. Inman is also getting drunk, his eyes
text: increasingly glazed. When Lila makes to sit down next to
text: Junior, he slides a hand up her dress, exposing a naked
text: buttock, which he strokes and pinches as he pulls away.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Hey!
text: Junior grins, looks over at Inman, then nudges Veasey.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
text: He's gone now. Look! His eyes have
dialog: gone.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: (vaguely, drunk)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: Dolly?
speaker_heading: DOLLY
dialog: S'me.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: Dolly, Lila, Shyla and Mae. That's a
dialog: poem. That's a poem.
text: He begins to recite, has a verse in his mind.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: Dolly, Lila, Shyla and Mae
dialog: (but he can' t summon
dialog: it)
dialog: Da-da da-da da-da dae...
dialog: (vague)
dialog: ...there's a poem there.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I'm leaving soon as I'm full.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: Really. Goodbye.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Got a bunch of traps needs visiting.
dialog: I'll be back tomorrow, before dark.
dialog: You'll still be here?
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: That's my fervent prayer.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: My house is your house.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: (suddenly)
dialog: Like to wash their hands and pray.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: Say again?
speaker_heading: INMAN
text: Dolly, Lila, Shyla and Mae.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: That's Job. Don't say much but even
dialog: liquored up there's a preacher in
dialog: him.
text: Inman gets up suddenly, sways.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I'll say my goodbyes, got miles and
dialog: miles to go before sunset.
dialog: (head spinning)
dialog: I'll just quickly lie down.
text: And he stumbles over to the fire where he instantly curls
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: I'm heading for that smokehouse and
dialog: I'm ready to be washed clean of my
dialog: dirt.
text: He gets up, wanders out of the door. Junior's eyes glint. He
text: jerks his head towards the girls then in the direction of
text: the smokehouse.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: You go tend to him.
dialog: (to Lila)
dialog: I'll be seeing you.
text: He picks up his gun and leaves Dolly gathering up the children
text: and herding them out.
speaker_heading: DOLLY
dialog: Come on you -- get!
text: Shyla stays, Mae having gone off after Veasey. Lila waits
text: until the children have gone. They consider Inman supine by
dialog: the fire.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: He's mine. You can go rub yourself
text: off on the Preacher.
dialog: (of Inman)
dialog: Gonna make him hug me till I grunt.
text: Lila shepherds Shyla out, shuts the door, swigs from the
text: jug, walks over to Inman, then turns to the big table and
text: pushes pots and plates way down to one end to make a playing
dialog: field.
text: Then she bends over the prostrate Inman.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: Hey!
text: Inman stirs, glazed.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: (kneeling down to him)
dialog: You want to see what Mamma's got for
dialog: you?
text: SHE SLIPS A SLEEVE OF HER DRESS TO REVEAL A FULL BREAST.
text: Inman is drunk, doesn't think he's awake. She takes her breast
text: to his mouth, and Inman suckles. Then she puts his hands
text: under the dress which rides up as his hands move between her
text: legs. She's naked.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: That's good. Ain't that sweet?
text: SHE PULLS INMAN TO HIS FEET, KISSES HIM, THEN TURNS HER BACK
text: AND LIES FACE DOWN ON THE TABLE, HER BARE ASS UNDULATING IN
speaker_heading: THE AIR.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: You just get on and ride me all the
dialog: way to China.
text: He doesn't move, except to sway, eyes glazed. She turns.
speaker_heading: LILA
dialog: You shy? You need a hand?
dialog: (goes to his buttons)
dialog: Let's have a look see what we can
dialog: muster.
text: She's kneeling now, her dress hunched up around her middle,
text: working the front of Inman's pants. He's in a swoon,
text: surrendering to her, getting aroused, his hand cupping her
text: head. ON CUE, THE DOOR CRASHES OPEN AND HE'S STARING DOWN
text: THE BARREL OF JUNIOR'S SHOTGUN.
text: As Lila turns, Junior KICKS HER violently in the head,
text: knocking her over.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: You little bitch! Look at you! Cover
dialog: yourself up!
text: NEXT HE SWINGS THE SHOTGUN BARREL AGAINST THE SIDE OF INMAN'S
text: HEAD. Inman falls back. Junior goes to the door and whistles.
text: AND WITH THAT THE ROOM FILLS UP WITH A GROUP OF HOME GUARD
scene_heading: BRISTLING WITH WEAPONS AND PURPOSE. THEY SEIZE INMAN, DRAG
text: HIM OUT AS JUNIOR SPITS AND KICKS AT HIM.
scene_heading: INT. SMOKEHOUSE AT JUNIOR'S CABIN. NIGHT
text: Lila enters the smokehouse, hand to her bruised head. VEASEY'S
text: ON THE FLOOR, WITH DOLLY ASTRIDE HIM, HIS ARM CRUSHING A
text: NAKED MAE INTO AN EMBRACE. He considers Lila, beams:
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: I had a special prayer you'd come
dialog: visit.
text: THREE MEN BURST IN BEHIND HER, RIFLES RAISED.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNIOR'S CABIN. NIGHT
text: Veasey led out, a CHAIN GANG waiting -- a bedraggled
text: collection of prisoners, slaves, deserters -- and now INMAN.
text: Veasey is joined to the line. It starts to rain.
scene_heading: EXT. SWANGER FARM. DAY
text: Ruby and Ada at the door of the Swanger house. They both
text: wear Monroe's clothes by now, like two little men. THEY'RE
text: CARRYING A SMALL SACK, A PIE UNDER A CLOTH. Ruby hammers at
text: the door, a little impatient. Sally Swanger opens it, has to
text: decode who it is under the clothes, the hats.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Ada Monroe and Ruby Thewes! Look at
dialog: you both!
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Look at us both what?
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: Like a coupla scarecrows after a
text: thunderstorm.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: We need a scarecrow, birds eating up
dialog: half our winter garden.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Sally's right. We should both stop
dialog: toiling and stand a while with our
dialog: arms stretch out. I'll volunteer.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: We got something for you.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: For all your kindness. Coffee. And a
dialog: pie.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: That's real coffee. It ain't hickory
dialog: and dirt.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (taking the gifts)
dialog: Thank you both.
dialog: (of the pie)
dialog: Ruby, I look forward to this. We all
dialog: do. Esco and me.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: (grinning at Ada)
dialog: She made it.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I made it.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Good God in Heaven.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: (by way of
dialog: recommendation)
dialog: I'm still alive.
text: Sally's strangely awkward, lingering at the door, staring at
dialog: the gifts...
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: We'll be getting along.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: I know Esco's going to be real sorry
dialog: he missed you. You all take care.
text: They all kiss, then the girls walk back down the path. Ruby
text: is vexed.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: That strike you as odd?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Stood at her front door?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Sally?
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Number one -- I know that woman all
dialog: my life. I never stood outside her
dialog: house -- she'd invite a wolf inside
text: if it knocked on the door.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Perhaps, I don't know, perhaps she
dialog: was busy.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Number two -- Old Man Swanger was
dialog: inside that house: I could smell his
dialog: pipe burning. Number three -- look
dialog: at these fields.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: What about them?
text: She contemplated the stubble fields they're passing.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: We came by here a week ago, they
text: were waist high in hay.
scene_heading: EXT. A PATH. DRIVING RAIN. NIGHT
text: The Home Guard ride, bent under their oilskins, as the rain
text: tips down. Between the horses, unprotected and drenched,
text: their prisoners trudge along the muddy path. Inman and Veasey
text: among them. Veasey has grown some beard.
text: AN OLDER MAN COLLAPSES, lies where he falls, not moving.
text: There's a domino effect and so Inman falls on top of him. He
text: picks himself up, then tries to pull up the older man. He
text: doesn't move.
speaker_heading: INMAN
text: He's dead.
text: The horses plough on. Inman shouts to BROWN, the leader.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: This man's dead!
text: Nobody pays any attention. He has to drag the body.
scene_heading: EXT. VEASEY TOWN. DAY
text: THE HOME GUARD ESCORT THE PRISONERS PAST VEASEY'S OLD CHURCH.
text: More days have gone by and taken their toll on the prisoners,
text: Veasey and Inman are haggard and filthy and reduced. The
text: Home Guards stop for food, a wash, a break, chain the
text: prisoners to a horse rail.
text: Citizens go by, Veasey knows them all. Some of them spit
text: contemptuously at the Deserters. None of them recognise
dialog: Veasey.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: Am I so altered that they don't see
dialog: me?
text: Somebody walks by with a young child.
text: Veasey looks at Inman.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: I christened that child.
text: The child stops, looks without recognizing, is tugged away
text: from the chain gang by his mother. One of the other prisoners,
text: SHEFFIELD, leans in to Inman, his voice low.
speaker_heading: SHEFFIELD
dialog: I'm looking to get out of this. They
dialog: drag us back to fight -- we're just
dialog: target practice for the Federal boys.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: You run, we're all running with you,
dialog: the lame and the stupid, of which we
dialog: number both.
speaker_heading: SHEFFIELD
dialog: Either way we're fucked. Run or don't
dialog: run.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Just give me some warning so I can
dialog: tell the guard -- I'm not getting
dialog: shot again for some cause I don't
dialog: believe in.
text: A GROUP OF SLAVES ARE WALKING BY, CARRYING SACKS. One of the
text: women is pregnant. Veasey studies the group, sees the pregnant
text: woman, recognizes her.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: (mesmerized)
dialog: That's Rebecca. That's Rebecca.
dialog: (he hisses)
dialog: Rebecca!
text: In daylight it's apparent that Rebecca is a real beauty. She
text: turns at the sound of her name, stops, is confused. She sees
text: Veasey and approaches, appalled at his condition.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Mas?
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: Is it well with you?
dialog: (Rebecca nods)
dialog: I've been repenting for what I did.
dialog: I've walked the road of atonement.
speaker_heading: REBECCA
dialog: Your curls is all gone.
text: THE GUARD KICKS HIM.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: (holding his head, to
dialog: Rebecca)
dialog: God Bless you.
text: Rebecca, reluctant, rejoins the other slaves, walks away
text: with them, but then turns back to look at Veasey. She clearly
text: cares about him. And seeing her has somehow broken his heart.
text: He turns away from Inman, towards Sheffield.
speaker_heading: VEASEY
dialog: I'm with you. I got a baby coming.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILROAD TRACK. DAY
text: THE CHAIN GANG TRUDGES DOWN THE TRACK, horses on either side
text: of them, steep banks forming a V for the railroad. A TRAIN
text: IS COMING. Brown rides up to the prisoners, herds them off
text: the track. The train approaches quite slowly -- the boxcars
text: full of wounded soldiers. Some of the Home Guard dismount,
text: take out pipes. The prisoners wait, one of them sits down.
text: Sheffield says something to Veasey, who casually yanks up
text: the sitting prisoner. Inman suddenly understands what's going
text: to happen. The train is almost on them.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: No!
text: But it's too late. SHEFFIELD JERKS FORWARD IN FRONT OF THE
text: TRAIN, PULLING ALL THE OTHERS WITH HIM, their reluctance
text: tempered by the possibility of being crushed by the oncoming
dialog: train.
text: SOMEHOW THE CHAIN GANG GETS ACROSS THE TRACK, stumbling and
text: chaotic, the chains yanking tight, then loose, the tight
text: causing a collapse, the loose a recovery.
text: They run alongside the train, blocking themselves from the
text: fire of the Guard, Sheffield screaming tactics -- and then,
text: as the train starts to pull past them, they run up the bank,
text: now all as a unit scrambling to the steep summit.
text: ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE TRAIN THE HOME GUARD HAVE REMOUNTED
text: THEIR HORSES AND ARE RIDING HARD ALONGSIDE IT. Then they
text: have sight of the escaping prisoners silhouetted at the top
text: of the bank like a line of paper dolls stretched out along
text: the ridge. Sheffield's yelling with adrenaline, Veasey joins
text: in, elated. One of the guards raises a rifle, steadies himself
text: on his horse, FIRES. He catches Veasey, who crumples, spinning
text: round and falling down the bank, until Inman uses all his
text: strength and practically lifts him in the air. The chain
text: recovers and works back up the bank.
text: But then A SECOND BULLET catches another prisoner and this
text: time the effect is catastrophic -- THE WHOLE GANG JUST FLIPS
text: OVER AND PLUMMETS DOWN THE BANK. The Home Guard approach,
text: firing randomly at the bodies as they tumble into the ditch
text: by the side of the track. Until all movement ceases. Inman
text: has a wound to his head which bleeds profusely, almost
text: completely covering his face. Brown arrives, considers the
text: carnage.
speaker_heading: BROWN
dialog: Get these sacks of shit under the
dialog: ground.
scene_heading: INT. BARN, BLACK COVE FARM. DAWN
text: Ada's milking. It's barely daylight. She's slowly becoming a
text: country girl. Ruby appears in the doorway.
speaker_heading: RUBY
text: Someone's been in the corncrib.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: RUBY
text: It's a coon or possum. Scratched out
dialog: a fist hole in the side. This place!
dialog: I'm telling you -- we grow, others
dialog: eat. I'll go into town, take the
dialog: last of the cider and trade for a
dialog: trap.
scene_heading: INT. MONROE'S BEDROOM, BLACK COVE FARM. DAY
text: Ada is in Monroe's bedroom, looks out as Ruby goes off to
text: town, jugs of cider swung either side of the horse. Ada goes
text: over to Monroe's closet, pulls out some clothes.
scene_heading: EXT. THE WINTER GARDEN, BLACK COVE FARM. DAY
text: Ada buttons Monroe's dress coat and completes the SCARECROW
text: she's spent the day making, save for the hat, which she now
text: fixes on, pushing in a hat pin to secure it. She's made a
text: stern black thing and steps back to consider it.
text: Horsemen come riding along the lane. It's Teague and his
dialog: men.
text: He doesn't stop but raises his hat to Ada.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, BLACK COVE FARM. DAY
text: Ada looks out at the Winter Garden. From that distance it
text: really does look like her father out in the field, arms
text: outstretched as if waiting for her to run to him. She finds
text: it unbearable, her tears coming, runs out into the fields,
text: attacks the scarecrow, pulling off the hat, the clothes...
scene_heading: EXT. RAILROAD TRACK. MORNING
text: THE SOUND OF TINY BELLS. A misty drizzle. A GOAT snuffles
text: around in the freshly turned dirt: A hand, pale and wet,
text: protrudes from the thin layer of earth covering the bodies
dialog: of the murdered Chain Gang.
text: SOMETHING SHIFTS UNDER THE DIRT, breaking the surface. Inman
text: wedged under three or four corpses -- their limbs and chains
text: wrapped around him, has regained consciousness. He coughs,
text: can't breathe properly, tries to work himself some air,
text: spitting out dirt. He makes a noise to distract the goat,
text: rattling the chains. Inman rears up, the bodies slithering
text: off him, but even then the animal only retreats a yard or
text: two. VEASEY SLIDES FACE UP, A BULLET IN HIS FOREHEAD LIKE A
text: MYSTICAL THIRD EYE. Inman feels a surprising loss and
text: tenderness. He heaves again, groaning with the pain of new
dialog: and old wounds.
scene_heading: EXT. OLD MILL, COLD MOUNTAIN. DAY
text: Ruby rides back from town along the river. An ugly looking
text: trap tied over the horses and three or four bulging sacks.
text: By an abandoned mill she sees the Home Guard under the trees.
text: She slows up.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: What you looking to catch?
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: With that trap.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: We got some critter stealing our
dialog: corn.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: Still but the two of you up there,
dialog: is it?
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: You know it.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: When we get a cold night, camped
dialog: out, trying to keep the rule of law,
dialog: protecting girls like you from
dialog: Federals and deserters, that's a
dialog: thought warms us
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: ain't it? -- the two of you up there
dialog: on my Grand-daddy's farm, dressed in
dialog: men's clothes. Warms us right up.
dialog: What you got in the sacks?
dialog: (to the men)
dialog: Looks like human heads! Eh? Looks
dialog: like a bunch of heads. We got
dialog: competition!
text: Ruby rides on. She rides around the bend -- she's not far
dialog: from the Swanger farm.
scene_heading: EXT. RAILROAD TRACK. DAY
text: Goats, their bells tinkling, munch around the tracks. One of
text: them turns at a noise -- a GROTESQUE VISION -- A MOVING,
text: SEETHING MOUND OF DIRT. It's Inman, inching along the
text: embankment, the chain of dead bodies in tow, a macabre tug
text: of war. He considers the goats, they consider him. He rears
text: up and finds himself STARING DOWN THE BARREL OF A SHOTGUN.
scene_heading: EXT. SWANGER FARM. DAY
text: Sally is pinning out white sheets, they're filling out like
text: sails in the afternoon wind. Ruby rides up. Sally seems a
text: little vexed to see her. She walks down to the gate.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Ruby...
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: I'm not stopping, Sally. I'm not
dialog: snooping neither. Just you should
dialog: know Teague and his boys are lurking
text: down by Pigeon River, the old mill.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: You tell Ada that was a good pie.
text: Ruby rides off. Sally watches, then goes inside the house,
text: her energy changing immediately, as if she might faint.
scene_heading: EXT. MADDY'S CARAVAN. AFTERNOON
text: HARSH WHISTLES. A secret place, in the heart of a forest.
text: There's the answering sound of SMALL BELLS, a chorus of them.
text: Inman is dragged into view on a makeshift litter. Goats
text: appear, they herd around the figure dragging the litter.
text: IT'S AN OLD WOMAN, silver haired, her face a leather map,
text: her clothes leather, everything about her like old leather.
text: HER NAME IS MADDY.
text: She and Inman round a bend and there's Maddy's house -- AN
text: OLD CARAVAN, long grown into the ground and plaited with
text: vines and creepers. Inman tries to sit up. An old whiskered
text: BILLYGOAT butts up against Inman, knocks him down. Maddy
text: pays no attention to the struggle, heads inside her caravan.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: Mind that Billy, he's the jealous
dialog: kind.
text: She emerges, with a bowl of water, rags, washes his face,
text: pushing back his hair to look at his wound, puts a finger to
text: the gash on his neck professional in her appraisal. Inman is
text: barely conscious, he groans, trying to defend himself.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: Pay no attention to me. What happened
dialog: to your head?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Fighting.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: And your neck?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Different fighting.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: You're the color of a cadaver. I'll
dialog: fix you. I can fix you up.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: (speaking of his spirit)
dialog: Mister -- you could fix me I'd be in
dialog: your everlasting debt.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: Debts, fighting -- them words don't
dialog: mean much round here. For the record,
dialog: I'm a female of the species.
scene_heading: EXT. BOTTOM FIELD, BLACK COVE FARM. DAY
text: Ruby rides up to the farm. She rides past the winter garden,
text: admires THE SCARECROW -- WHICH NOW PARODIES ADA, the same
dialog: outfit she once wore to visit Inman, the same dress, same
text: hat. Ruby grins as Ada comes over from the field.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: The hat's a nice touch.
text: Ruby gets off the horse, and they start unloading sacks.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: You're quiet.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I cried for my Daddy. I dressed up
text: the scarecrow in his suit and he
dialog: came back, his arms out, said you
dialog: never cried enough, you never cried
dialog: enough.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Well now you did.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Then I thought, it's not my Daddy,
dialog: it's my sweetheart. I saw him once
dialog: that way, when I looked down Sally's
dialog: well. So I dressed the scarecrow in
dialog: the dress I wore the day he left. In
text: case his spirit flies over looking
dialog: out for me.
dialog: (of the vicious looking
dialog: trap)
dialog: That looks terrible.
text: Ruby opens the sacks.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Cabbages.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: I bargained like Lucifer. We can
dialog: make all kinds of good eating.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Such as?
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Cabbage. Slaw, sauerkraut, cabbage
dialog: soup, fried cabbage, stuffed
dialog: cabbage...
scene_heading: EXT. SWANGER FARM. DAY
text: TEAGUE'S MEN RIDE UP TO THE FARM. Esco's out in the field,
text: labouring away, but with his shotgun by him. Teague stops
text: alongside the field, the rail between him and Esco. Esco
text: stops working, picks up his shotgun and goes over. Teague
text: has four men with him. MO and JO, the twins, huge, and with
text: the appearance of having less than one brain between the two
text: of them, GRAYLING, a reluctant-looking man, funereal in his
text: bearing, and BOSIE.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
text: Afternoon.
text: The riders slowly fan out, almost as if choreographed.
speaker_heading: ESCO
dialog: Don't spread out. Why they spreading
dialog: out?
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
text: I'm not spreading out. I'm sitting
dialog: here.
text: Esco comes over the rail fence, his gun loose in his hands.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: Never knew a man worked in his field
text: with a shotgun.
speaker_heading: ESCO
dialog: There's a war on.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: Got to watch out for the Bogey Man.
text: He starts to fish out a tobacco pouch. Esco's gun swings up.
text: Teague shows him the leather pouch, shrugs, starts to make a
dialog: cigarette.
scene_heading: INT. SWANGER FARM. DAY
text: From inside the house, Sally watches everything. Her view
text: impaired by the sheets.
scene_heading: EXT. SWANGER FARM. DAY
text: Mo dismounts. Ambles past Esco, looks behind the sheets.
text: ESCO KICKS OUT AT HIM, the shotgun rigid and pointing.
speaker_heading: ESCO
dialog: Get off my land.
text: Mo examines his breeches for a dust mark, wipes it off,
text: retreating in a turkey walk of examining and dusting.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: Your boys come back.
speaker_heading: ESCO
dialog: Ain't seen my boys in four years.
dialog: They're fighting other boys, not old
dialog: men and women.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: He means us. He's referring there to
dialog: us.
dialog: (to Esco)
dialog: So you won't care if we take a look
dialog: around?
speaker_heading: ESCO
dialog: What I gotta give you? A chicken? A
dialog: lamb?
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: ESCO
dialog: Right then.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: Thing is -- you got one barrel and
dialog: there's five of us. Not a fair fight.
text: BOSIE SUDDENLY DROPS OFF HIS HORSE, ROLLS ON THE GROUND.
speaker_heading: BOSIE
dialog: Bogey Man! Bogey Man!
text: Esco is momentarily distracted and, in that instant, Mo kicks
text: out at him, knocking the gun from his hands, which fires
text: into the air, a shocking sound.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK COVE FARM. DAY
text: Ruby and Ada digging a trench by the smokehouse, laying in
text: the pale heads of cabbage. They hear the distant shot.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: What's that?
text: They stop. Listen. Look at each other, start running.
scene_heading: EXT. SWANGER FARM. DAY
text: Jo sets on Esco, knocking him-backwards into a sheet, where
text: it gets twisted, while Jo kicks and punches, little spots of
text: blood staining the sheet with each blow. MO PULLS OUT HIS
text: SABRE AND RUNS ESCO THROUGH, LEAVES THE SABRE IN DEEP, PINNING
text: ESCO TO THE SHEET, THEN SPINNING HIM ROUND IN THE SHEET SO
text: THAT IT TIGHTENS. A stain grows out from the blade, huge and
text: spreading. Teague walks to Esco.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: You're harbouring deserters. I can
dialog: confiscate every animal on this farm,
dialog: every plate, every sheet, every little
dialog: pellet of chicken shit -- I can
dialog: confiscate your old lady's asshole,
dialog: so don't offer me a bird.
text: Sally runs out, screaming. She tries to pull out the sabre.
text: MO REVERSES HIS RIFLE AND CLUBS HER TO THE GROUND.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Hey!
text: Mo backs away. Sally is screaming. She watches, helpless, as
text: Esco dies in front of her, the sheet growing a darker red.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: You got your bait. Set it on the
dialog: hook.
text: BOSIE, SMILING, FETCHES A ROPE FROM HIS HORSE, ALREADY NOOSED
text: AT ONE END. HE FLIPS THE LOOP OVER SALLY'S HEAD.
scene_heading: INT. BARN, SWANGER FARM. DAY
text: ELLIS AND ACTON SWANGER emerge from their hiding places,
text: unable to bear the sound of their mother's screams. They're
text: carrying an axe, a pitchfork, mad for revenge.
scene_heading: EXT. SWANGER FARM. DAY
text: BOSIE IS DOING SOME SORT OF DANCE ALONG THE FENCE RAIL. He's
text: very graceful, his hair flying, his hands out, one finger
text: nail extremely long, his boots stamping down on the fence.
text: UNDER HIS STOMPING FEET, THE RAIL POST IS PRESSED ON SALLY
text: SWANGER'S THUMBS. She can't scream any longer, because the
text: noose has practically strangled her. The rope's tied off to
text: Bosie's horse, which yanks on the noose with every slight
text: movement. Sally is prostrate in the dirt.
text: Her two boys come running from the barn. TEAGUE CASUALLY,
text: SHOOTS ELLIS WITH HIS RIFLE. BOSIE LETS ACTON GET ALL THE
text: WAY TOWARDS HIM AND THEN SHOOTS HIM FROM A YARD AWAY, THE
text: GUN SUDDENLY SPRINGING INTO HIS HAND. AS ACTON FALLS, BOSIE
text: DOES A FLIP TO DIVE OFF THE POST AND LAND ON HIS FEET NEXT
text: TO ACTON'S BODY.
scene_heading: EXT. SWANGER FARM. DUSK
text: Ada and Ruby, riding together on the horse, arrive at the
dialog: Swangers.
text: SALLY IS STILL PINNED UNDER THE FENCE POST. The noose around
text: her neck has been tied off to the post so that she can't
text: move. There's a bloody sheet draped over the edge of the
text: well. Blood on the ground. Ruby heaves at the fence.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: I can't get this damn thing off her.
speaker_heading: ADA
text: (at the well, looking
dialog: down)
dialog: Dear Lord in heaven.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Ada, I can't get this off her!
text: Ada runs over. They struggle, can't lift it. Sally's lips
dialog: are moving.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: What darling? What?
text: She bends down, listens to her. Looks up at Ada.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: She's saying don't bother.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Wait!
text: She grabs a thick log off the stack, staggers back and in a
dialog: second they've inserted it into the fence and levered it up
text: and away from Sally's hands. They fall back onto the dirt.
text: Ruby cradles Sally. Ada nods towards the well.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: There's someone down there. I think
dialog: it's Esco.
text: Ruby looks over at the well, then at Ada.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: This world won't stand long. God
dialog: won't let it stand this way long.
scene_heading: INT. MADDY'S CARAVAN. DAY
text: An exotic interior, many crocks and jars, bunches of herbs,
text: wrapped papers of dried things, like a woodland apothecary
text: store. Inman wakes up. He finds himself in a small cot,
text: wrapped in blankets, a poultice at his neck. He doesn't know
text: where he is or how long he's been there.
scene_heading: EXT. MADDY'S CARAVAN. DAY
text: Maddy's sitting on a stool. There's a circle of stones where
text: her fire lives and she sets the tinder to it. Inman emerges
text: from the caravan. He's pale and unsteady.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: How long have I been sleeping?
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: Not long enough.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I can't stop here. I'm a deserter.
dialog: They find me here things could be
dialog: bad for you.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: What they going to do? Cut short my
dialog: young life? Sit down before you fall
dialog: down.
text: She calls over a little goat. It ambles over affectionately
text: and nuzzles into her hand. She strokes it and scratches under
text: the chin. The creature gets increasingly tranquil.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: How long you been up here?
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: What year are we? '63?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Last time I checked it was '64.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: I'd say twenty six years.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Twenty six years!
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: I could move on anytime. I've seen
dialog: most of the world anyway, Richmond
dialog: in the North, south almost to
dialog: Charleston. You're going somewhere
dialog: or you are somewhere, what's the
dialog: difference?
text: She's still stroking the goat. It looks as if it's asleep.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: I've learned a person can survive
dialog: off pretty much of a goat. I can't
dialog: abide a chicken, but a goat gives
dialog: you company and milk and cheese and
dialog: then, when you need it, good meat.
text: In a single motion she has a knife in her hand and has SLIT
text: THE THROAT OF THE GOAT, putting the bowl underneath its neck
text: to catch the blood, still stroking the goat, which blinks as
dialog: if it were only surprised and not dying.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: So you've been fighting?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: (as if he might break)
dialog: I could be at killing for days
dialog: sometimes, in the hand to hand, my
dialog: feet against the feet of my enemy
dialog: and I always killed him and he never
dialog: killed me.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: He gave it a try, to look at you.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I guess he did.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: See I think there's a plan. There's
dialog: a design. For each and every one of
dialog: us.
text: During this she's shucked the skin off the goat with the
dialog: authority of someone who's done this a thousand times.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: You look at nature, a bird flies
dialog: somewhere, picks up a seed, shits
text: the seed out, a plant grows. Bird's
dialog: got a job, seed's got a job.
text: And the goat is now thin and pink, eyes bulging, a piece of
dialog: meat.
scene_heading: INT. MADDY'S CARAVAN. EVENING
text: A woodburning stove with a single cooking plate -- on which
text: pieces of the goat meat, sprinkled with herbs, are sizzling
text: in a pan.
text: INMAN IS EATING LIKE A MAN POSSESSED, WRAPPING THE MEAT IN
text: CORN FRITTERS AND PUSHING THEM INTO HIS MOUTH. Maddy watches
text: him, adds another mound of meat to his plate. Inman nods in
text: thanks, but -- doesn't look up.
text: She opens a jar and takes out a handful of dried poppy heads,
text: puts them near the stove, then dips into another jar and
text: pulls out what look like old cheroot stubs.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: Take one of these now with your food.
text: Inman is circumspect, views the stub lozenge with suspicion.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: Swallow it. If you die I'll give you
dialog: your money back.
text: Inman puts it in his mouth, gags at the taste of it. She
text: hands him a beaker with milk to wash it down.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: Our minds aren't made to hold on to
dialog: the particulars of pain, the way we
dialog: do bliss.
text: She starts steaming the poppies.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: It's true...
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: What is?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: What you remember.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: What's her name?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Ada.
dialog: (At the food)
dialog: -- Sometimes I think I'm crazy when
dialog: I'm just hungry --
dialog: (another mouthful)
dialog: Ada Monroe.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: And is she waiting for you?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: She was. I don't know. Or if she'd
dialog: know me. I'm like the boy who goes
dialog: out in winter for firewood comes
text: back in the spring with a whistle.
text: Maddy pricks open the poppies and collects their opium, then
text: hands Inman the liquid.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: Now drink this. It visits the pain.
dialog: And you'll sleep.
text: He drinks the laudanum she's made.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I've had to put myself in the way of
dialog: people's kindness.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: I hope you found it.
text: She dips a cloth in the steaming water, unbuttons his shirt.
text: She has a crock of what looks like treacle and vaseline. She
text: smears this salve over the neck wound and into his scalp.
text: Inman surrenders to the drug.
speaker_heading: INMAN
text: The passenger pigeons fly south, the
dialog: berries ripen. Whether I see them or
dialog: not, whether a man dies, or a war is
dialog: won.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: That's the laudanum getting to you.
dialog: That's good. Say something more.
text: (she kneels to his
dialog: leg)
dialog: Raise that up for me.
text: He obliges. She grimaces at the state of it, where the chain
text: has chewed into the flesh. Gets to work.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: She gave me a book. Ada Monroe. Man
dialog: by the name of Bartram. Wrote about
dialog: his travels. I carried that book
dialog: through every battle. I left it
dialog: someplace, got to get it back.
dialog: Sometimes just reading the name of a
dialog: place near home -- Sorell Cove, Fire
dialog: Scale Ridge -- was enough to bring
dialog: me to tears. Thing is I've been
dialog: thinking -- those places belonged to
dialog: people before us, to the Indian --
dialog: and he had a different name. What
dialog: did he call Sorell Cove? How can a
dialog: name not even the real name break
dialog: your heart? It's her, she's the place
dialog: I'm heading. And I hardly know her.
dialog: So how can a person who's maybe not
dialog: even a real person -- I don't know
dialog: what I'm talking about -- I have to
dialog: close my eyes...
text: He slides off the stool and lays on the floor. Maddy goes
text: over to her cot and pulls off a blanket which she drapes
text: over him.
scene_heading: EXT. YARD, BLACK COVE FARM. DAY
text: Ada in the henhouse, collecting eggs, is confident now among
text: the birds. She emerges to find Ruby walking out of the
text: backdoor with the shotgun and a determined look.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: It's a man.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: What is?
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Raiding our corn. Got him in the
text: trap. That's him yelping.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: You're not going to shoot him!
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: I don't want him to shoot me.
dialog: (of the gun)
dialog: Can you fire this thing?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: (making it clear she
dialog: can't)
dialog: Yes.
text: They head towards the corn crib, bundled up against the cold.
text: A MAN IS KNEELING AT THE CORN CRIB, perfectly caught in the
text: art of stealing, his head forced away from view. Ruby hands
text: Ada the gun and approaches, warily.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Listen up -- you got a barrel trained
dialog: on your rear-end.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: Get me out of this dang thing. My
text: fist's about to drop off.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: You got a weapon?
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: No ma'am. I'm begging you. I'm already
dialog: on my knees, otherwise I'd get down
text: on them.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: (suddenly recognises
dialog: the voice)
dialog: Unbelievable! Stobrod Thewes.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: Ruby? God damn!
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: (to Ada, disgusted)
dialog: That's my daddy...
text: She walks up to him and KICKS HIM HARD AS SHE CAN ON HIS
text: BACKSIDE.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, BLACK COVE FARM. DAY
text: A strip of fabric, homemade bandage, being wrapped around
text: Stobrod's badly gashed hand. Ada is tending to him. Ruby is
text: cooking at the range, not remotely warm towards her prodigal
text: father, who looks rather comfortable. Stobrod looks at her.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: Just so's you know -- I can eat while
dialog: she's doing this -- in case you're
text: holding off.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Just so's you know -- you're not
dialog: eating inside. Number One -- they
dialog: hang people round here for taking in
dialog: deserters. Number two -- even if
dialog: they gave out prizes -- you'd still
dialog: eat outside.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: You're scarred.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: I'm what?
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: Your heart. Scarred. I did wrong to
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: You'd be scarred. You'd be really
dialog: scarred if I hadn't wrapped them
dialog: trap teeth in sacking. Which was her
dialog: idea.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: I hurt you.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Good God!
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: I wrote fifty tunes with you in mind.
dialog: Ruby this, Ruby that, Ruby with the
text: eyes that sparkle.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Hey! Let's agree: you beat me, you
dialog: abandoned me, you ignored me, you
dialog: beat me some more -- all of that is
dialog: better than Ruby with the eyes that
dialog: sparkle!
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: I'm changed. People change. War
dialog: changes people something terrible.
dialog: (to Ada)
dialog: Ruby's told you -- I've no doubt --
dialog: I wasn't always the best...
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: You were an asshole.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: I can't disagree with that. I was.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Get him out of here!
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: Music's changed me. I'm full of music,
dialog: darling. I wish I'd brung my fiddle
dialog: Hey Ruby! Got a new fiddle -- it's
dialog: got a little snake's rattle in the
text: body -- took it off a dead federal
dialog: in Virginia. That's a beautiful
dialog: fiddle. It's full of tunes, Ruby.
dialog: Don't know if it's from that little
text: rattle locked up in it, or from
text: something untied my heart.
text: Ruby walks over with a crock, wrapped in a cloth.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: You're all set.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: (sincerely)
dialog: Bless you both.
text: He goes to the door.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Ain't you got a proper coat?
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: Darling, I'm fine. And you just say
dialog: the word, I won't come back neither.
dialog: I don't want to put either you or
dialog: your mistress here in any bother.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I'm not Ruby's employer.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: Oh, okay, who is?
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Nobody.
dialog: (Stobrod digests this)
dialog: I'll make up food for you, you come
dialog: Sundays before it's light, I'll leave
text: it behind the Old Frazier Mill.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: Do you know who really needs a coat,
dialog: darling, is my partner, fat boy name
dialog: of Pangle. We're hiding up in the
text: caves and he feels the cold like a
dialog: thin man, but ain't no coat'll fit
dialog: him.
dialog: (leaving)
dialog: I love you, Ruby. In case the sky
dialog: falls on our head. You're a good
dialog: girl.
text: And he's gone. Ruby scowls. FIDDLE MUSIC BEGINS.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: He is so full of manure, that man,
dialog: we could lay him on the dirt and
dialog: grow another one just like him.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: So that's Stobrod Thewes.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: It is and that's the last you'll see
dialog: of him.
scene_heading: EXT. MADDY'S CARAVAN. DUSK
text: THE FIDDLE CONTINUES, A BANJO JOINS IN.
text: Maddy is loading up Inman for his journey. She hands him a
text: bulging goatskin satchel.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: That's medicine and goatmeat. You're
dialog: sick of both.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I have a deal to thank you for.
text: She hands him an ancient flintlock pistol.
speaker_heading: MADDY
dialog: And that's just for show, or -- if
dialog: you can get close enough -- a wild
dialog: turkey.
text: She turns, abruptly, mingles in with her goats. Inman nods,
text: knows that she doesn't want a fuss, although he wants to
text: make one, and turns himself, heads away from the caravan.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS. DAY
text: THE MUSIC CONTINUES. A TURKEY calls. And again.
text: JUNIOR is hunting. He creeps through this clearing, eyes
text: peeled for the turkey, gun at the ready. His dog growls, and
text: he puts a hand over its mouth. He listens. Another call.
text: Junior moves, without sound, in its direction, stops for
text: several seconds under a tree, listening. He looks up. INMAN
text: IS PERCHED IN THE TREE. THE PISTOL FLASHES IN HIS HAND.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNIOR'S CABIN. DAY
text: THE MUSIC CONTINUES. Inman drags Junior's corpse in to the
text: yard. The dogs whine and slobber over the body. Inman goes
text: straight into the Smoke House.
scene_heading: INT. SMOKE HOUSE AT JUNIOR'S CABIN. DAY
text: THE MUSIC CONTINUES. Inman reaches behind the stove and
text: retrieves his bag. He checks for the LeMats, for the Bartram,
text: opens it, locating the tintype of Ada, which he considers,
text: as the dogs howl outside, joined with another wailing.
scene_heading: EXT. JUNIOR'S CABIN. DAY
text: THE MUSIC CONTINUES. Inman emerges with his bag, LeMats at
text: the ready. The women are all keening over the corpse, as it
text: a saint had passed away. Dogs, women all howling. A chicken
text: bobs in, investigates the glob of blood on Junior's skull.
text: Inman walks away, doesn't look at the women, who don't look
text: at him.
scene_heading: INT. RUBY'S ROOM, BLACK COVE FARM. DAWN
text: THE MUSIC CONTINUES. Ruby wakes up. Looks out of the window.
text: Ada, also woken, comes into Ruby's room. STOBROD IS OUTSIDE
text: WITH PANGLE, VIOLIN AND BANJO. Ruby opens the window,
text: scowling. Stobrod beams, stops playing, holds up the food,
text: points at Pangle in his new coat. Pangle waves.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Get on back where you came from!
text: Stobrod and Pangle smile and hurry away.
scene_heading: EXT. PATH IN HILL COUNTRY. DAY
text: WINTER SETTING IN. Inman, increasingly a stick figure in the
text: landscape, wasted and fragile, trudges along through fallen
text: leaves. He still limps from the leg irons. No shelter
text: anywhere. He unwraps a paper containing some scraps of goat
text: meat and corn bread. He walks and eats, fishes out a lozenge,
text: tries to swallow it, washes it down with a drink from his
text: flask. Opens the crock of salve and rubs the treacly grease
text: into his neck and ankle. The path splits. He doesn't know
text: which way to go, A CROW repeatedly caws off to the left and,
text: taking it as a sign, Inman goes in that direction.
speaker_heading: ADA (V.O.)
dialog: My love for Heathcliff resembles the
text: eternal rocks beneath
scene_heading: INT. ADA'S BEDROOM, BLACK COVE FARM. NIGHT
text: Ada in the bed, reading to Ruby from Wuthering Heights.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: -- a source of little visible delight,
dialog: But necessary.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: She ain't gonna marry Linton, is
dialog: she? She said -- whatever our souls
dialog: are made of his and mine are the
dialog: same. You can't say that and then
dialog: marry Linton.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: We'll find out.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Tomorrow.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: I'm not waiting until tomorrow.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Ruby, I'm falling asleep.
text: She lies back in her bed. Ruby takes the book, lies across
text: the bottom of the bed, as Ada goes to sleep.
speaker_heading: RUBY
text: Little visible delight, but necessary.
dialog: I like that...
scene_heading: EXT. SMALL WOOD. NIGHT
text: DRIVING RAIN. Inman shelters under a huge tree, whose split
text: trunk provides a mean shelter. He inserts himself into the
text: cleft of it, a black thing in a black tree, like a troll. He
text: stands, shivers, sodden, desolate.
scene_heading: EXT. SARA'S CABIN. NIGHT
text: A LITTLE CABIN. Its lights coming through square windows
text: like a chinese lantern. Inman considers it, the risk versus
dialog: the shelter.
text: The sleet still pelts down on him and he decides to approach.
text: Closer he can hear a sound coming from the house. IT'S A
text: BABY'S INCESSANT CRY. HE SEES A YOUNG WOMAN WALKING ROUND
text: AND ROUND IN THE ROOM, CLUTCHING THE BABY WRAPPED UP IN A
speaker_heading: QUILT.
text: Inman knocks hard on the door. The light from the lamp goes
text: out, although the fire still gives the room a clear glow.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I'm one man alone. I'm a Confederate
dialog: soldier on furlough. I have no bad
dialog: intention. I need shelter and food.
text: THE TINY SOUND OF THE DOOR BEING BOLTED.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Can I at least sleep in the corn
dialog: crib -- just for some shelter? I'll
dialog: be on my way come morning.
text: No answer. Inman accepts this as a rebuttal, and trudges
text: back towards the road.
speaker_heading: SARA (V.O.)
dialog: I've got a rifle.
text: Inman turns. A gap in the door appears, the figure barely
dialog: seen.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Fair enough.
text: The baby's crying behind her.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: There's some beans and corn pone,
dialog: all I got. You better come in.
scene_heading: INT. SARA'S CABIN. NIGHT
text: Inman enters the cabin. It's a single room. A big fire. The
text: baby on the bed, a rudimentary crib unoccupied next to it.
text: The woman is already at the little stove. She turns to him.
text: She's painfully beautiful. But sad and fragile. Inman, despite
text: himself, is mesmerized.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I'm alone here, as you can see, with
dialog: my baby. I need to believe you mean
dialog: no harm.
text: Inman takes out his gun. She starts, terrified.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: No, I mean to give it to you.
text: He turns it handle forwards and offers it to her.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I don't want it. I had my way they'd
dialog: take metal altogether out of this
dialog: world. Every blade, every gun.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Is your baby sick?
speaker_heading: SARA
text: He cries. I don't know. He cries a
dialog: lot. My man is dead. He took his
dialog: wound at Fredericksburg. Never saw
dialog: his boy.
text: She never once looks at him. Her eyes on the floor or the
dialog: food or the baby.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: It's pretty much what you'll get if
dialog: you knock on any door of this war.
text: Man dead, woman left.
text: She hands him a plate of steaming beans. An onion perched on
dialog: top.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: It's mean food but it's hot.
text: She goes over to the bed and picks up her baby and starts
text: the same business of walking him, singing the while, an odd
text: lament. Inman eats, looks at her, at the child and the fire.
text: He picks up the onion, bites into it. Sara looks across.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: (ashamed of his hunger)
dialog: There's no hunting on the road, just
dialog: cress and --
text: He takes another bite. Sara picks up the baby.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I need to feed this man, if you could
dialog: look away.
text: Inman, embarrassed, turns his back to her. He sits finishing
text: the food while she puts the baby to her breast, slipping the
text: shoulder from her dress. While the baby feeds.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Used to have a cow, few goats. Raiders
dialog: took them. Made me kill our own dog
dialog: on the porch. That poor creature
dialog: watched over me. Nothing left now
dialog: save a hog and couple of chickens to
dialog: live off till spring. I'll have to
dialog: kill that hog and make sense of the
dialog: flesh and divisions which is something
dialog: I never did.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I could do that for you in the
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I'm not asking.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: It's what I'd gladly do for you for
dialog: what you're gladly doing for me. I'm
dialog: Inman by the way. That's my name.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I'm Sara. My baby's Ethan.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Glad to know you both.
scene_heading: EXT. SARA'S CABIN. NIGHT
text: Sara walks ahead of Inman. She carries a pile of clothing, a
text: pair of boots. It's still wretched outside, she hugs the
text: house, the porch barely offering shelter. INMAN FOLLOWS,
text: with a bowl of steaming water and a small towel over his
text: arm. She hands him the clothes.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: You look about his size. He was
text: another man straight up and down.
text: There's a palpable attraction between them, so that every
text: exchange seems to contain a promise, a sexual charge.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I don't even have a blanket.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I got a blanket.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I'll leave you the lamp.
text: By the dim light, Inman peels off his clothes, sets to work
text: with the bar of soap and the cloth to scrub himself clean.
text: He can be seen from the window and finds himself turning
text: away to pull off his pants.
scene_heading: INT. SARA'S CABIN. NIGHT
text: Sara sits at the cot, still singing to the baby, then gets
text: up, goes to the window, sees Inman dressing, walks to the
text: door, lets it open a little, but not so as she can be seen.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: They fit?
speaker_heading: INMAN (O.S.)
dialog: Pretty much. These boots are good
dialog: boots.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I'll say good night.
speaker_heading: INMAN (O.S.)
dialog: Good night.
scene_heading: EXT. SARA'S CABIN. NIGHT
text: Inman settles down into the corncrib. He's cold and everything
text: is damp and lumpy and uncomfortable. He pulls his thin blanket
text: around him. The wind is howling. He levers himself up, looks
text: at the house with its warm invitation, can almost feel Sara
text: in there. He reluctantly settles down again.
text: HE HEARS A NOISE, STEPS APPROACHING. HE REACHES FOR THE LEMATS
text: UNDER THE BLANKETS.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Will you come inside?
text: She stands in a shift, a blanket over her shoulders. Her
text: body under the cotton very clear to him. She turns and goes
text: back inside.
scene_heading: INT. SARA'S CABIN. NIGHT
text: Inman comes in. Sara is sitting on her bed. Long silence.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Could you do something for me? Do
dialog: you think you could lie here, next
dialog: to me, and not need to go further?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I don't know. I'll try.
text: He sits on the bed as she slips under the covers, and then
text: removes the boots, his shirt, gets under the covers. There's
text: an electric space between them. Then Sara begins to cry,
text: pulls his arm to open up so that she can be folded into him.
text: SHE SOBS, SHUDDERING IN THE BED.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I'll go. I'll go, shall I?
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I don't want you to.
text: They lie, staring up at the ceiling, her tears falling. A
text: FIDDLE PLAYS HEAVY WITH YEARNING...
scene_heading: INT. OLD MILL, COLD MOUNTAIN. CHRISTMAS DAY. NIGHT
text: THE MUSIC CONTINUES. Stobrod is playing the fiddle, his bowing
text: hand still lightly taped and a fingerless mitten covering
text: it. They're in the abandoned Mill, a derelict space, which
text: has been cheered up with some rudimentary Christmas
text: decorations. Ada, Ruby and Sally Swanger, her hair now almost
text: completely white. Some token presents. Pangle is picking at
text: a banjo, his grin infectious, and a third player, GEORGIA,
text: with a harmonica. As they play:
speaker_heading: PANGLE
dialog: (of Sally)
text: She don't speak.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: She can't speak. I told you.
speaker_heading: PANGLE
dialog: (smiles at Sally)
dialog: Is she feeble then?
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: No.
dialog: (to Sally)
dialog: Don't mind him.
dialog: (to Ruby)
dialog: Hey Ruby: what about this?
text: He starts the tune of Wayfaring Stranger. Ruby groans.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: Don't make that face -- you listen:
dialog: c'mon Georgia...
text: And he starts up again, but this time GEORGIA BEGINS TO SING.
text: He's like a pale angel and sings with a soft, true voice.
text: Ruby finds herself taken by this boy's voice and by Stobrod's
text: extraordinary invention as he takes the tune off on a wild
text: journey. Ruby sits next to Ada, fiddles with her bracelets,
text: slips one from Ada's wrist and slides it over her own.
scene_heading: EXT. OLD MILL, COLD MOUNTAIN. EVENING
text: They're all outside now, shaking hands.
speaker_heading: GEORGIA
text: There's snow in the air.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Don't sleep here.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: We won't.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: It's bitter, they could stop one
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: They stop one night, they'll want to
dialog: stop two.
speaker_heading: PANGLE
dialog: This coat's warm.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: What about next Sunday? That'll be
dialog: the New Year. It's gonna be a better
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: GEORGIA
dialog: The war's over in a month.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: He said that a month ago.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: (shaking Stobrod's
dialog: hand in goodnight)
dialog: It started off being over in a month.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: Miss Ada. Merry Christmas.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Merry Christmas. Pangle. Georgia.
speaker_heading: GEORGIA
dialog: 'Night.
speaker_heading: PANGLE
dialog: 'Night now.
text: The three women walk down the lane, the three men watch.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: That's my Ruby.
speaker_heading: GEORGIA
dialog: She's an original.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: You think the Good Lord would forgive
dialog: an old cold fool if he changed his
dialog: mind? Ada said it herself it was
dialog: bitter...
scene_heading: EXT. SWANGER FARM. NIGHT
text: The three women head towards Sally's house.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: What kind of name's Georgia?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: It's where he comes from, it's not
dialog: his name.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: I know that's meant to be the ugliest
dialog: state under the heavens.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Why do you care what his name is?
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: (a funny look, then)
dialog: What's that cluster of Stars?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Orion.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: What about them shaped like a
dialog: wishbone?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: That's Taurus the bull, and that's
dialog: Gemini and that's Orion's big dog,
dialog: Canis Major.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Listen to her, Sal. She's turned
text: into a highland girl.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I could always name the stars, Ruby,
dialog: that was never my problem.
text: They all three have linked arms. Ada imitates Stobrod.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I love you darling. In case that big
dialog: old sky falls on our heads. And I
dialog: love you, too. Sal.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: It's sad, Sal. It's a c-a-t-a-s-t-r-
dialog: o-p-h-e.
scene_heading: INT. ADA'S BEDROOM, BLACK COVE FARM. MORNING
text: Ada at the window as, outside, SNOW FLAKES BEGIN TO FALL.
scene_heading: EXT. OLD MILL, COLD MOUNTAIN. MORNING
text: Stobrod opens the door of the Mill. The SNOW FLAKES dissuade
text: him from venturing further. He goes back inside.
speaker_heading: STOBROD (O.S.)
dialog: No sense setting off in snow.
text: THE DOOR SHUTS, FIDDLE MUSIC LEAKS THROUGH THE DOOR, FOLLOWED
text: BY BANJO AND HARMONICA.
scene_heading: INT. SARA'S CABIN. EARLY
text: Sara, dressed, agitated -- the baby already complaining --
text: is urgently shaking Inman. Hissing at him:
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Get out of here, quick!
text: Inman surfaces from deep sleep.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Federals are coming. They find you
dialog: here it'll go bad on all of us.
text: Inman is up, grabbing clothes, boots, his gun.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I can try and fight them.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: No, my baby. Please no! Just get.
text: She pulls up the window in back of the cabin. Inman throws
text: things out into the freezing morning. He has his pants on,
text: but is otherwise naked. He swings over the window and down
text: onto the frosty ground.
scene_heading: EXT. SARA'S CABIN. EARLY
text: Inman picks up his stuff and, at a crouch, runs for cover to
text: the wood which borders the property. He can hear horses and
text: a commotion at the front of Sara's cabin, but doesn't look
text: round until he's sheltered by the trees.
text: FEDERAL SOLDIERS, a raiding party, have dismounted and are
text: already wrangling with Sara. Inman watches, pulling on his
text: shirt, shivering, then his boots.
text: Sara is standing in front of the hogpen, as if to protect
text: the animal, but one of the soldiers, PISTOL, barges her to
text: one side, toppling her, and opens the gate, starts herding
text: the hog out into the yard. A second soldier, NYM, emerges
text: from the cabin, carrying Ethan. Sara starts up, struggles
text: with him, is again knocked down.
text: INMAN HAS TO WATCH AS THEY DRAG HER OVER TO A FENCE POST AND
text: ROPE HER TO IT THEN SLIP THE BLANKET OFF THE BABY AND LAY IT
text: ON THE GROUND IN THE MIDDLE OF THE YARD.
text: Then Sara starts to scream.
text: Inman is dressed. Boots on. He looks back at the yard. The
text: men sitting, smoking, prepared to wait, their breath coming
text: out in gusts in the freezing air. Flakes of snow fall.
speaker_heading: PISTOL
dialog: We got all day.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: My baby's sick! Cover him up! He's
dialog: shaking! Have some pity.
text: A third Federal, BARDOLPH, chases after the chickens, gathers
dialog: them up.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: I got nothing. I swear.
text: Nym gets close to her, putting his rifle to her chest.
speaker_heading: NYM
dialog: That ain't necessarily so.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Yes! Take me inside! Let's all go
dialog: inside! Take my baby inside and then
dialog: we'll do whatever you want.
text: Nym unties her. Pistol has a rope around the hog and now
text: leads it towards the horses.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: There's nothing! You take that hog
dialog: I'm as good as dead. Cover up my
dialog: boy!
text: She's wailing, an unbearable ululation. NYM SLAPS HER, TWICE,
speaker_heading: HARD.
scene_heading: INT. SARA'S CABIN. DAY
text: The door is kicked open. Nym pushes Sara inside, kicks the
text: door shut, REVEALING INMAN STANDING BEHIND IT.
scene_heading: EXT. SARA'S CABIN. DAY
text: Bardolph, a chicken in his arms, goes over to the baby.
speaker_heading: BARDOLPH
text: This is ready to get a fit going.
text: It's shuddering. It's gone blue.
speaker_heading: PISTOL
dialog: (to Nym)
dialog: How long does he want? Hey! Leave
dialog: some for the rest of us.
text: Pistol heads towards the cabin. As he approaches the door,
text: Bardolph rearranges the blankets to, cover the baby. Pistol
text: opens the door. Nym is on top of Sara. Pistol laughs, enters,
text: and is clubbed down by Inman, who steps out onto the porch,
text: while SARA SHRUGS OFF THE BODY OF NYM, HIS THROAT CUT.
text: Bardolph looks up to see Inman walking towards him. Bardolph
text: has left his weapon by the fence.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Move away from the baby.
text: Bardolph obeys, terrified. Sara runs out, collects Ethan,
text: gives a little moan of anguish, runs back inside the cabin.
speaker_heading: BARDOLPH
dialog: Don't shoot.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Take off your boots.
dialog: (Bardolph does so)
dialog: Take off your pants, and your shirt.
speaker_heading: BARDOLPH
dialog: Don't shoot me, please. We're
dialog: starving. We haven't eaten.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: You'd better get running before you
dialog: catch your death of cold.
speaker_heading: BARDOLPH
dialog: (nods, terrified)
dialog: Thanks, thank you. I will.
text: AND THEN A SHOT RINGS OUT AND HE CRASHES TO THE GROUND, DEAD.
text: Behind Inman, Sara stands with a rifle.
scene_heading: EXT. SARA'S CABIN. LATE DAY
text: THERE'S A HUGE FIRE GOING, WITH A CAULDRON HUNG OVER IT. THE
text: HOG HANGS UPSIDE DOWN FROM A TREE, BLOOD DRIPPING INTO A
speaker_heading: BOWL.
text: There's a sense of ritual and order: the chapters of
text: transforming the hog into food.
text: Sara is inside the cabin, the door open onto the yard. She
text: holds the baby by the fireplace, swaddled up tight.
text: She tries to put him to her breast, but he won't feed. She
text: puts Ethan back in his crib, comes outside.
text: Now Inman is butchering the hog, chopping down either side
text: of the spine to make two sides of meat. Now Sara is holding
text: up a sheet of hog fat, as if it were a lace shawl. Now she's
text: rendering the fat into lard. Now Inman's salting the two
text: hams. Now Sara's washing the intestine. She sings all the
dialog: while -- I dreamed that my bower was full of red swine and
text: my bride bed full of blood -- they don't really converse.
text: Inman continues to work.
text: Sara goes back inside to Ethan's crib. Inman glances back,
text: but can hardly bear to, her anxiety so palpable. THE BABY IS
text: DEAD. She looks at it. She takes it up in her arms. Kisses
text: its forehead.
text: Makes a strange stifling noise. Inman doesn't look at her.
text: She comes out again, shovels some of the food into a plate,
text: serves it up to Inman, gently touching him as she does so.
text: Then serves out food for herself. Inman starts to eat.
speaker_heading: SARA
dialog: Good?
text: Inman nods. She collects up the knapsacks, including Inman's,
text: and goes back inside the house with them. Inman squats,
text: eating, glancing back towards the cabin. There's the sudden
text: shocking report of a revolver.
text: Inman, knowing what it is, goes slowly towards the house and
text: its two dead bodies. His own face is a rictus, the eyes thin
text: slits. If he gave into his grief it would never cease.
scene_heading: INT. SARA'S CABIN. DUSK
text: From the house, the silhouette of Inman working outside in
text: the day's dying light, snow falling around him. He's digging
text: a grave.
text: Inside the house, TWO BUNDLES, the small body wrapped in a
text: blanket, the other wrapped in the bed's patchwork quilt.
scene_heading: EXT. CABBAGE PATCH, BLACK COVE FARM. DUSK
text: Still snowing. Ruby trudges past Ada who is digging out a
text: couple of heads of the buried cabbages.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Do you think he's dead?
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: This snow. Isn't it supposed to fall
dialog: with bad news?
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Bad news is girls get working. I'm
text: going to round up the animals.
text: (squints up at the
dialog: snow)
dialog: This'll settle.
text: She walks past. Ada stares into the distance where
scene_heading: EXT. WILD COUNTRY. LAST LIGHT
text: -- the snow falls down on Inman. He's hardly visible in its
text: gusting waves. Just a thin black question mark, hunched over
text: the elements, moving slowly forwards...
scene_heading: EXT. OLD MILL, COLD MOUNTAIN. DAY
text: THE SNOW HAS STOPPED. It's left a carpet on the ground.
text: Stobrod, Pangle and Georgia emerge from the Old Mill. THEY
text: MAKE HEAVY FOOTPRINTS as they set off up the hill towards
dialog: the mountain.
scene_heading: EXT. PATH IN THE MOUNTAINS. DAY
text: Inman comes sliding down a crumbling slate hill and onto the
text: path. He cornea to a place where the path suddenly drops
text: away to reveal a view of the geography. And there, finally,
text: in the distance, Inman can see the blue ridge. Somewhere in
text: there is home, is Ada. He goes on.
scene_heading: EXT. SLOPES OF COLD MOUNTAIN. DAY
text: Pangle walks too close to Stobrod and steps on the back of
text: his boot which promptly detaches itself from Stobrod's foot.
text: Stobrod turns -- and with a raised finger -- pushes Pangle.
text: PANGLE FALLS IN THE SNOW, ARMS SPREADEAGLED, AND SMILES.
scene_heading: EXT. PIGEON RIVER BEHIND THE OLD MILL. DAY
text: SOME HORSES CLUSTER around the Stobrod party's footprints.
text: Bosie swings acrobatically over his horse, to hang over the
text: tracks, then up again into his saddle, looks at Teague. The
text: Home Guard plod slowly forward in the direction of the tracks.
scene_heading: EXT. THE KILLING GROUND, COLD MOUNTAIN. EVENING
text: A CLEARING, fringed by poplars. Stobrod is making a fire.
text: Pangle appears with an armful of firewood, his big grin a
text: fixture. Then Georgia appears. He's carrying A SMALL BUCK,
text: frozen and covered with snow.
speaker_heading: GEORGIA
dialog: What d'you reckon? Think we could
dialog: eat this?
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: You cook something long enough you
dialog: can eat anything.
speaker_heading: PANGLE
dialog: (prodding it)
dialog: It's frozen. How long it been there
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: You hungry?
speaker_heading: PANGLE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
text: Not very long.
scene_heading: EXT. SLOPES OF COLD MOUNTAIN. EVENING
text: Teague examines the snow's imprinted silhouette of Pangle.
scene_heading: EXT. THE KILLING GROUND, COLD MOUNTAIN. NIGHT
text: STOBROD SINGS AND COOKS. PANGLE ACCOMPANIES HIM ON BANJO,
text: Georgia joins in the chorus. Stobrod pulls one of the hickory
text: stick skewers out of the fire, blows on the, meat, smells,
text: smells again, looks at Georgia, takes a bite. Chews.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: Edible.
text: Pangle takes another stick, burns his fingers.
speaker_heading: PANGLE
dialog: Ow!
speaker_heading: GEORGIA
text: (takes a bite from
dialog: his skewer)
dialog: Don't taste much like venison.
speaker_heading: PANGLE
dialog: It's good. I think it's good.
scene_heading: EXT. THE KILLING GROUND. COLD MOUNTAIN. NIGHT
text: The three men are asleep. The fire still burning. They're
text: lying like petals of a flower around it. Suddenly Georgia
text: sits bolt upright, grimaces, gets up stumbles away from the
text: fire, toward a stand of trees, from which come the vivid
text: sounds of violent nausea.
scene_heading: EXT. TREES NEAR THE KILLING GROUND, COLD MOUNTAIN. NIGHT
text: GEORGIA IS KNEELING IN THE SNOW, his head in the snow, when
text: he A HALF DOZEN RIDERS TROT PAST approaching the sleeping
text: Stobrod and Pangle. Georgia has to vomit again.
scene_heading: EXT. THE KILLING GROUND, COLD MOUNTAIN. NIGHT
text: Teague rides up to the fire, the other riders with him --
text: Mo, Jo, Bosie, Grayling. Stobrod wakes, sits up, Pangle
dialog: sleeps.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: Evening. Hope we didn't disturb you.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: You're all right.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: Name's Teague. Do I know you?
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: Thewes.
text: Teague slides off his horse, approaches the fire.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: You a deserter? -- don't mind if I
dialog: just warm up at your fire.
dialog: (of the sleeping Pangle)
dialog: That your wife?
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: Who? That's a he!
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: He your wife?
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: We're musicians. He picks the banjo,
dialog: I got a fiddle.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: Look pretty romantic by the fire.
dialog: Don't they?
dialog: (to Stobrod)
dialog: Your boyfriend's got a nice bit of
dialog: flesh on him. Close your eyes slip
dialog: inside that shirt get two good
dialog: handfuls -- dark enough I'd be
dialog: willing. I'm just kidding.
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: Tell him, I'm just kidding.
speaker_heading: BOSIE
dialog: He's just kidding.
scene_heading: EXT. TREES NEAR KILLING GROUND, COLD MOUNTAIN. NIGHT
text: Georgia squints through the trees. Doesn't know what to do.
scene_heading: EXT. THE KILLING GROUND, COLD MOUNTAIN. NIGHT
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: Did you answer my question -- about
dialog: your military status?
speaker_heading: STOBROD
text: Discharged. Took a wound at
dialog: Petersburg.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: Oh, so like a hero's discharge.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: I guess.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: And your boyfriend?
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: The military wouldn't take him. He
dialog: can't fight. He's simple. He's got a
dialog: mind no bigger'n a pickled walnut.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: I'm sorry -- he's fat, he's simple
dialog: and got titties -- but you're
dialog: insisting he ain't a woman. God damn!
dialog: Don't that sausage smell outstanding.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: (he's very nervous)
dialog: Miqhty outstanding.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: Mighty outstanding! There's a new
dialog: phrase. Mighty outstanding. Listen,
dialog: don't tell me -- you left your papers
dialog: somewhere.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: Which papers?
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: Your hero's discharge. For mighty
dialog: outstanding valour.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: They're, they're, they're at my house.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: (enjoying himself)
dialog: And where, where, where is your house?
speaker_heading: STOBROD
text: Down the mountain.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: But you're up the mountain.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
text: Hunting. Drinking.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: On honeymoon.
dialog: (to his men)
dialog: I'm pretty fucking funny tonight.
speaker_heading: BOSIE
dialog: Is he going to play?
dialog: (to Stobrod)
dialog: You gonna play that fiddle?
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: Sure. Sure.
dialog: (kicks Pangle)
dialog: Hey, wake up!
text: Pangle surfaces, blinks, grins at everybody.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: Evening, Mrs.
speaker_heading: PANGLE
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: Where's Georgia?
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: (interested)
dialog: Where's Georgia?
text: In the trees, Georgia ducks, retches.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: He don't know what he's saying. We
dialog: were talking about Georgia early on --
text: maybe heading down there.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: Georgia's like my armpit. Worse,
dialog: it's like yours.
dialog: (to Pangle)
dialog: Want some sausage?
speaker_heading: PANGLE
dialog: Thanks. You is Home Guard?
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: Yes, ma'am.
speaker_heading: PANGLE
dialog: You is Teague?
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: (to the others)
dialog: I'm known!
speaker_heading: STOBROD
text: He don't know what he's saying.
speaker_heading: PANGLE
dialog: (quoting)
dialog: That bastard Teague.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: Really.
speaker_heading: PANGLE
dialog: Bad words. Folk always put the curse
dialog: words in front of your name.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: Mr. Teague wants us to play.
speaker_heading: PANGLE
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: We heard there were deserters in
text: these parts. Hiding out in a big
dialog: cave.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: Not come to my ears.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: You don't know where this cave is?
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: PANGLE
dialog: You do, Stobes! He means --
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: Right, right! he means, there is a
dialog: cave, right, it's up over the other
dialog: side, big cave, we played some music
dialog: up there, never occurred to me they
text: were deserters. Near Bearpen Branch.
speaker_heading: PANGLE
dialog: Ain't nowhere near Bearpen Branch!
dialog: It's this side! He's always getting
dialog: lost. That cave -- we live there! --
dialog: it's over on Big Stomp. Tell you how
dialog: I always find it. There's a big old
text: locust tree fell down across the
text: path, that points straight at it,
dialog: like a finger, always a dozen
dialog: squirrels round that tree. You gets
dialog: to the tree, sit on it, and there's
dialog: your entrance, straight in front of
dialog: you, tree points at it. Come right
dialog: to your hand, them squirrels --
text: (makes a chirping
dialog: sound)
dialog: -- Chrrrpppp! Chrrrrppp!
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: Sounds good. Okay, let's eat, let's
dialog: hear some music.
scene_heading: EXT. TREES NEAR KILLING GROUND, COLD MOUNTAIN. NIGHT
text: Georgia watches as the music starts, Stobrod playing and
text: singing, Pangle joining in at the chorus. Their improvising
text: is wild, profound, Stobrod chording the fiddle, Pangle
text: following him, then, finishing with another verse and ending
text: with the title declaimed by Stobrod.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: I call this tune: Ruby's Lament.
scene_heading: EXT. THE KILLING GROUND, COLD MOUNTAIN. NIGHT
text: Something like compassion has flickered over Teague's face.
text: Mo and Jo nod to the music's secret rhythms. Only Bosie seems
text: detached, contemplating his long fingernail. The music
text: finishes. The Home Guard applaud.
speaker_heading: PANGLE
dialog: What'd you make of that?
speaker_heading: BOSIE
text: Heartbreaking.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
text: Stand over by that tree.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: Me?
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: Over by that tree. Over there. Take
dialog: your boyfriend.
text: Stobrod gets up, carrying his fiddle, heads over to a big
text: old poplar. Nods at Pangle.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: Come on.
text: Pangle gets up, banjo in his hand. Puts his arm around Stobrod
text: as if they were about to be photographed. The Home Guard
text: gather around them. From the trees Georgia watches, helpless.
text: Pangle grins at Teague.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: Don't smile.
speaker_heading: PANGLE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: Quit smiling.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: He always smiles. He don't mean
dialog: nothing by it. I told him this world's
dialog: got nothing worth a smile.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: Put your hat over your face.
speaker_heading: PANGLE
dialog: What do you mean?
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: Cover your face with your hat.
text: PANGLE TALES OFF HIS HAT, HOLDS IT OVER HIS FACE. THE MOMENT
text: HE OBLIGIES, TEAGUE'S CARBINE SPRINGS UP IN HIS HAND AND
text: BLOWS THE HAT AWAY SEVERAL OTHER SHOTS FOLLOW. STOBROD FALLS
text: UNDER PANGLE, THE BULLETS FLYING.
scene_heading: EXT. TREES NEAR THE KILLING GROUND, COLD MOUNTAIN. NIGHT
text: Georgia lies prostrate in the snow, shuddering under the
dialog: report of each bullet.
scene_heading: EXT. BOTTOM FIELD, BLACK COVE FARM. DAY
text: Ruby working in the snow, in the field, clipping a sheep's
text: feet, the animal on its back between Ruby's knees. She looks
text: up to see GEORGIA RUNNING ACROSS THE FIELD TOWARDS HER,
text: calling out her name. From the kitchen window, Ada looks on
text: as he reaches Ruby, the story pouring from him. Ada emerges
text: from the house, walks towards the bad news.
scene_heading: INT. STOREROOM, BLACK COVE FARM. DAY
text: Ruby sorting out a kit of shovels, blankets. Ada comes in
text: doesn't know how to help her friend, who shows no emotion.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I told Georgia he can stop here,
dialog: sleep in the barn. He's got nothing
dialog: inside him. He'd walk out of here
dialog: and die in the snow.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: He can milk the cows. I was worrying
dialog: about that. It'll be dark in a couple
dialog: of hours. I's ten hours climb from
text: here. He's drawn a map.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: (boiling)
dialog: You know these fools stayed the night
dialog: in the Mill? That's Stobrod -- he
dialog: can't do one good thing without adding
text: the bad. Left tracks in the snow all
dialog: the way up for them Home Guards to
dialog: follow. That's a sign says shoot me!
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Ruby, I'm so sorry.
text: Ada moves towards her, puts her arms around her. Ruby is
text: rigid. Ada stops embracing her.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: We should get going.
text: She's tying up the kit. She doesn't know how to grieve.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Every piece of this is a man's
dialog: bullshit. They call this a war a
dialog: cloud over the land, but they made
text: the weather. Then they stand in the
dialog: rain and say: shit! It's raining!
dialog: (tears welling)
dialog: If I cry one tear for my Daddy I
text: stole it off a crocodile.
scene_heading: EXT. COLD MOUNTAIN. EVENING
text: THE SNOW IS FALLING HEAVILY. RUBY AND ADA TRUDGE UP THE
text: MOUNTAIN, dressed in Monroe's clothes, hats pulled down,
text: leading the horse, which is loaded up with tools and supplies.
text: A choice of paths. They start up one, then Ruby decides
text: against it, consults the map, and they reverse, pulling the
text: horse back and then yanking it up the other path.
scene_heading: EXT. PI STRUCTURE, COLD MOUNTAIN. NIGHT
text: Ruby and Ada have made a fire. They sleep under a stone
text: structure, which forms a natural pi shape, the fire in the
text: entrance, the snow caught in its light.
scene_heading: EXT. THE KILLING GROUND, COLD MOUNTAIN. MORNING
text: Ada and Ruby arrive at the scene of murder.
text: Pangle is keeled over at the old Poplar, snow covering him.
text: Only his girth and a glimpse of coat identify him.
text: Ada brushes some of the snow from his face, revealing the
text: death wound, then lays a hand in blessing on his head.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I don't understand.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Maybe Teague's took him. They did
dialog: that with the Swanger boys -- didn't,
dialog: they? -- dragged them into town,
dialog: then strung them up as warning...
dialog: it's snowed since, so I can't read
text: the story on the ground.
text: Ada fishes out Pangle's banjo from the snow. It's broken and
text: the strings hang slack.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Let's dig.
text: LATER -- and RUBY FINISHES OFF THE GRAVE, hammering in a
text: stone to mark the place. Ada walks away towards the creek,
text: to wash her hands. She bends and rinses her face.
text: As she looks up SHE SEES STOBROD ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE
text: CREEK; half-in, half out of the water, slumped against a
text: tree, blood everywhere, staining the crust of snow which
text: covers him.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Ruby! Ruby!
text: Ruby arrives at Ada, looks to where she's looking, walks
text: straight into the creek, all her love contained in the urgency
text: with which she hurtles to her father, oblivious to the
text: freezing water. She puts a head to his chest, seeks out a
text: pulse at his wrist. Calls back to Ada.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: He's still breathing!
dialog: (to Stobrod)
dialog: God damn! Daddy; Daddy -- it's Ruby.
dialog: Don't you die on me again.
dialog: (to Ada)
dialog: He's still breathing!
scene_heading: EXT. THE KILLING GROUND, COLD MOUNTAIN. AFTERNOON
text: A mean fire burns by the creek. RUBY TURNS A KNIFE IN THE
text: FLAMES. Stobrod's back is exposed. Just by the shoulder blade
text: is an ugly grey and purple bulge the size of a crabapple.
text: Ruby turns to Ada, who is helping.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Pack a pan full of snow. I need good
text: clean water, boiled up.
text: She cuts the skin and prises out a slug which she drops in
text: the snow and rolls around to clean. Stobrod doesn't move. He
text: could be dead. Ada loads the pan with snow.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Let's get him home. We have herbs
text: there and it's warm.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: He'll die first. He's got hardly no
text: blood left in him.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: He'll die lying here.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: There's a place further on up. Used
dialog: to be. Old Cherokee place. There's
dialog: good water right by it.
text: Ada puts the snow-packed pan on the fire.
scene_heading: EXT. BY THE OUTLIER'S CAVE, COLD MOUNTAIN. AFTERNOON
text: Squirrels frolic. Teague sits on the trunk of a fallen tree.
text: He feeds the squirrels, looking straight ahead where the
text: mouth of a cave winks back at him.
scene_heading: EXT. TREE TUNNEL NEAR CHEROKEE VILLAGE. AFTERNOON
text: THE TWO WOMEN EMERGE FROM A STEEP TUNNEL OF TREES IN A
text: CHESTNUT GROVE. There's a stream and, up on the bank, A
text: CLUSTER OF BLACK CONICAL HUTS, made up of chestnut logs,
text: abandoned and slightly sinister looking. They approach one
text: of the huts, its door long lost. The snow has drifted in. A
text: second hut has a door which they pry open. It's dark and
text: cold, but apparently still weatherproof. They get Stobrod
text: off the horse and carry him inside, then come out again to
text: unload the horse of its remaining load.
speaker_heading: ADA
text: This horse is weary. He's ready to
dialog: give up the ghost.
text: Ruby picks up the blankets and provisions and goes back inside
text: to her father. Ada takes the horse to another hut and, despite
text: his great reluctance, pushes him inside.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Good boy.
text: (she blows into his
dialog: nostrils, calming
dialog: him)
dialog: That's warmer, isn't it.
dialog: Ada wouldn't even recognize this practical, hardy woman she's
text: become. Stringy and of few words. She sets off towards the
text: tree tunnel, passing Stobrod's hut.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I'm getting firewood.
scene_heading: EXT. THE KILLING GROUND, COLD MOUNTAIN. DUSK
text: Inman approaches the Killing Ground. He studies the ground,
text: finds Pangle's grave. Blood has left its black writing in
text: the snow and he finds first where Stobrod has been, where
text: the bullet had been removed, then the journey away, still
text: tiny, telltale spatters of blood, and the hoof prints and
text: boot prints of two walkers and one loaded horse. He puts his
text: hand into the ashes of Ruby's fire, can't feel any warmth.
text: It's getting dark. He takes a drink from the stream, shudders
text: at the cold.
scene_heading: INT. STOBROD'S HUT, CHEROKEE VILLAGE. NIGHT
text: The fire burns, a pall of smoke. Stobrod lies on the ground,
text: swathed in blankets. Coughs. Ruby sits next to him, wipes
text: the hair from his forehead. Ada opens her eyes, looks, closes
text: them, listens to the fire, a strange squeaking as it burns.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: That wood -- that sound when it burns
dialog: that mean more snow?
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Yes, it do, country girl.
scene_heading: EXT. TRACK, COLD MOUNTAIN. DAWN
text: First light. The sun creeps up, a red streak of dawn. Inman
text: walking, his head bent to the tracks. He walks quickly, even
text: as the terrain gets more steep. As he bends to the snow --
text: where a spot of blood has fallen into a hoof print -- A FLAKE
text: OF SNOW LANDS ON HIS HAND. Then a second. He looks up. The
text: snow falls.
text: He starts to move more quickly, racing the snow as it seeks
text: to erase the tracks. The snow thickens.
scene_heading: EXT. TREE TUNNEL NEAR CHEROKEE VILLAGE. MORNING
text: In the Chestnut Grovel A DOZEN WILD TURKEYS pick their way
text: across the snow. A shotgun lines up its sight at one of them.
text: The trigger is squeezed. An explosion of feathers.
scene_heading: EXT. THREE WAY CROSSING, COLD MOUNTAIN. MORNING
text: Inman hears the shot. Then a second, the sound ricocheting
text: around him. He can't quite identify its source but he runs
text: again, heading for the Chestnut trees he can see above him.
scene_heading: EXT. TREE TUNNEL NEAR CHEROKEE VILLAGE. MORNING
text: Ada collects the two turkeys, the first creatures she's ever
text: shot. Doesn't quite know how to hold them. She straightens
text: up and sees, at the other end of the tree tunnel, backlit by
text: the morning sun, THE SILHOUETTE OF A MAN. She drops the
text: turkeys tires to reload the shotgun.
text: Inman comes down the tunnel, approaching the hunter he sees
text: through the snow at the other end of it.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Turn round and go back where you
dialog: came from.
text: Inman is bewildered by this woman's voice in a man's outfit,
text: keeps walking, peering through the snow. Ada fires a warning
text: shot. Inman, still some distance, suddenly understands.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Ada? Ada Monroe?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I do not know you.
dialog: After all this time, all this way, Inman could give up the
dialog: ghost.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Then I believe I made a mistake.
text: He turns, walks heavily away from her. Then he turns again,
text: completely lost, without compass.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: If I knew where to go I'd go there.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: (finally recognising
dialog: him)
dialog: Inman?
text: He nods. They don't know how to speak to each other, just
text: stand awkwardly, some distance apart, the emotion stones in
dialog: their throats. Eventually --
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: You'd better come with me.
text: And with that, she starts to sob, and sob.
text: VERY HIGH ANGLE: Inman walks towards Ada. They embrace.
scene_heading: INT. STOBROD'S HUT, CHEROKEE VILLAGE. MORNING
text: Ada enters, Inman behind her. Ruby looks up from Stobrod.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Ruby, this is Inman.
text: Ruby digests this. Considers this ghost of a man.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Congratulations, I should send you
text: out with a shotgun more often. He
text: looks as he needs sleep.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I may need to.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Be my guest. You shot or something?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Not lately.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Hungry?
dialog: (Inman nods, Ruby to
dialog: Ada)
dialog: He woke up.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Stobrod?
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Said -- your mommy's name was Grace
text: then closed his eyes again.
scene_heading: EXT. CHEROKEE VILLAGE. DAY
text: Ada comes out of Stobrod's hut, a glimpse of Inman sleeping
text: on the floor, heads for another hut which Ruby is sweeping
text: out. The snow has stopped. Ada stands in the door, watches
text: Ruby. Ruby's resistance to Inman is palpable.
speaker_heading: ADA
text: He's asleep. They both are.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: I'm not surprised. Your man looks
dialog: played out.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I saw him. I realize now.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Saw him when?
speaker_heading: ADA
text: In Sally Swanger's well. A tunnel of
text: trees. The man like a black smudge
text: in the snow, the sun behind him.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Well there you are.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Funny thing is it wasn't the same.
text: The image. It wasn't snowing. And in
dialog: the well, he was, as if he were
dialog: falling.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: You probably don't remember it right.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I remember it exactly. There were
text: crows, these black crows flying
dialog: towards me. I thought I was seeing
dialog: him fall. Instead I was seeing him
dialog: come back to me. All this while I've
dialog: been packing ice around my heart.
dialog: How will I make it melt?
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Better get a fire going.
dialog: (goes to the fireplace)
dialog: I've got big plans for that farm.
dialog: Got a vision in my mind of how that
dialog: Cove needs to be.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I know you have.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: There's not a thing we can't do
dialog: ourselves.
scene_heading: INT. ADA AND RUBY HUT, CHEROKEE VILLAGE. NIGHT
text: THE FIRE BURNS. Ada lies awake. Ruby sleeping. Ada gets up,
text: steps out into the snow, her blanket around her.
scene_heading: EXT. ADA AND RUBY HUT, CHEROKEE VILLAGE. NIGHT
text: Inman is outside his cabin. Only the light escaping from the
text: cabin, fire lights them, almost silhouettes.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I'm sorry. I was trying to be quiet.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I couldn't sleep.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: -- I got no appetite left to be in a
text: room with wounded men.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I can't see your face.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: It's not a face you recognised.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Did you get my letters?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I got three letters. Carried them in
dialog: that book you gave me. The Bertram.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I must have sent 100. Did you write
dialog: to me?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Whenever I could. If you never got
dialog: them I can summarize.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: No, it's --
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I pray you're well. I pray I'm in
dialog: your thoughts. You are all that keeps
text: me from sliding into some dark place.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: But how did I keep you? We barely
dialog: knew each other. A few moments.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: A thousand moments. They're like a
text: bag of tiny diamonds glittering in a
dialog: black heart. Don't matter if they're
dialog: real or things I made up. The shape
dialog: of your neck. The way you felt under
dialog: my hands when I pulled you to me.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Your boots, one polished, one not
dialog: yet polished.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: You're playing a piano and I'm
text: standing outside.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I'm playing a piano and you're
text: standing outside.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: That kiss -- which I've kissed again
dialog: every day of my walking.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Every day of my waiting.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Maybe you can't see my face, but if
dialog: you could see my inside, my whatever
dialog: you want to name it, my spirit, that's
dialog: the fear I have deeper than any gash
dialog: on my neck. I think I'm ruined. They
dialog: kept trying to put me in the ground,
dialog: but I wasn't ready, no ma'am, no
dialog: more ready than that scoundrel in
dialog: there's not ready to die on us. But
dialog: if I had goodness, I lost it. If I
dialog: had anything tender in me I shot it
dialog: dead.
text: Ruby stomps out of the hut.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Number one -- shut this door, it's
dialog: freezing.
dialog: (goes over to Stobrod's
dialog: hut)
dialog: Number two -- shut that door, it's
dialog: freezing.
dialog: (turns to them)
text: I'm laying on my back, with my fingers
text: poked in my ears trying to shut out
dialog: who's got a bag of diamonds and who's
dialog: got boots needs polishing, If you
dialog: want to get three feet up a bull's
dialog: ass listen to what sweethearts whisper
dialog: to each other.
text: She's at the door to Stobrod's hut. She contemplates them.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: In fact, if you're going to wimble
dialog: all night I'm going to sleep in with
dialog: him.
text: And with that she enters Stobrod's hut, slamming the door.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Now I can't see anything.
text: A long pause.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I'll say goodnight.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I don't think Ruby's vacating my hut
dialog: so that you can sleep in a different
dialog: one.
scene_heading: INT. ADA AND RUBY HUT, CHEROKEE VILLAGE. NIGHT
text: Ada puts logs onto the fire. After a few moments a knock.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Come in.
text: Inman enters. They don't know the rules for this.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Whatever comes to pass between you
dialog: and me, I want Ruby to stay in Black
dialog: Cove.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: As long as she wants. And if she
dialog: never leaves I'll be glad.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: More a question could she put up
dialog: with me.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: And you understand she's my friend,
dialog: she's not a hired hand and she doesn't
dialog: empty a night jar unless it's her
dialog: own.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Sure.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: This war's made some things pointless.
dialog: It's hard to imagine a wedding. I
dialog: think even my father would recognize
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Ada, I want to marry you. If you'll
dialog: have me.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Isn't there's some religion where
dialog: you just have to say I marry you,
dialog: three times, and then you're man and
dialog: wife.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I marry you. I marry you. I marry
dialog: you.
text: Ada laughs, unsettling Inman.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Why's that funny?
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: No, I think it's I divorce you three
dialog: times and then you're not married
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I can wait for you.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: You waited enough. I certainly did.
dialog: I marry you. I marry you. I marry
dialog: you.
text: And they kiss, tentative, then more urgent.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I'm sorry about the way I look. In
dialog: these clothes.
dialog: (Inman shakes his
dialog: head)
dialog: And there are so many buttons.
dialog: (starts to undress)
dialog: Will you turn your back?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Not for all the gold dollars in the
dialog: Federal Bank.
text: She stands holding her clothes in front of her to cover
text: herself. He takes them from her, drops them to the floor.
scene_heading: EXT. CHEROKEE VILLAGE. MORNING
text: A crisp, cold beautiful morning. They're packing up, all
text: their clothes in layers. Inman prepares the horse. Ruby and
text: Ada carrying bundles out of the huts. Inman approaches Ruby.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: You go ahead. I'll follow with the
dialog: horse at a pace your daddy can
dialog: tolerate.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: We can all go together.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: It's safer this way. No one has
dialog: quarrel with you.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: He's right.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: (to Ruby)
dialog: I gather I need permission if I reckon
text: on living at Black Cove.
text: Ruby gives a curt nod, goes over to Stobrod's hut. Inman
text: gets close to Ada.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: We'll get to you by nightfall.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: You be safe.
text: She puts her hand to his mouth which creases into a smile.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Your Mr. Bartram speaks about some
dialog: category of fly born on the hide of
text: a cow. It flies up into a tree and
text: waits and waits until it smells cow.
dialog: It can wait a year, two years, I
dialog: don't know, maybe longer. Then a cow
text: comes along and it wakes up, flies
text: down, lays its eggs on the cow.
dialog: There's purpose for you.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: And am I the fly in this story, or
dialog: the cow?
scene_heading: INT. STOBROD'S HUT, CHEROKEE VILLAGE. DAY
text: Ruby is wrapping a fragile Stobrod for the journey.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: You come up the mountain for me,
dialog: darling, I'd be dead otherwise, dead
dialog: and gone.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: You'd have found some other fool to
dialog: rescue you.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: He's sweet on you, that Georgia boy.
text: He coughs for a long time.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: If you say a thing and then cough
dialog: it's a lie. Daddy, stay on that horse,
dialog: and don't lose him or sell him. We'll
dialog: need him on the farm.
scene_heading: EXT. CHEROKEE VILLAGE. MORNING
text: And then the two women are off, little men in their outfits,
text: tramping off in the snow. Inman watches.
scene_heading: EXT. TRACK NEAR THREE WAY CROSSING, COLD MOUNTAIN. DAY
text: Ruby and Ada walk.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: I hope that Georgia boy's been seeing
dialog: to the animals.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I thought you were thinking on him!
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: I was not. I was thinking on swollen
dialog: udders -- and before you say same
dialog: difference...
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I'm saying nothing.
text: Ruby elbows her.
speaker_heading: RUBY
dialog: Miss lovey-dovey!
text: Ada elbows her back.
scene_heading: EXT. THREE WAY CROSSING, COLD MOUNTAIN. DAY
text: Inman has roped Stobrod to the horse which he pulls down a
text: steep slope. Behind him, their hooves muffled by the snow, A
text: GROUP OF RIDERS JOIN THE TRAIL, IN SLOW BUT STEADY PURSUIT.
text: Inman walks on, apparently oblivious to who's behind him. He
text: and Stobrod are some distance from broken ground, a fringe
dialog: of trees.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: (quietly to Stobrod)
dialog: Don't look round.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: Got it.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: How many men does he have?
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: There were five. You can't reason
dialog: with that man.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: (takes off his gloves)
dialog: I got a conversation stopper.
dialog: (they're getting closer)
dialog: Closer we get to that broken ground
dialog: the better.
text: Inman opens his coat. Stobrod looks at the Lemats. They're
text: at the edge of the trees.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: You hold on tight, do you hear? When
dialog: I say three, look round, nice and
dialog: slow.
speaker_heading: STOBROD
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: One, two, three.
text: Stobrod looks round. Inman doesn't. Teague has some new bodies
text: in his entourage but they're all dead. A SPARE HORSE HAS
text: THREE CORPSES HUNG OVER IT, ANOTHER HORSE DRAGS A MAKESHIFT
text: LITTER WITH A COUPLE MORE, SOUVENIRS OF THEIR CAVE VISIT.
text: Teague waves.
speaker_heading: TEAGUE
dialog: God damn! You're a hard fucker to
dialog: put down.
dialog: (they approach)
dialog: Good directions to that cave from
dialog: the fat boy -- saw the squirrels,
dialog: sat on the tree made some friends,
dialog: brought some back with me.
text: His riders begin, quite casually, to fan out.
text: IN ONE MOVEMENT, INMAN SLAPS THE FLANK OF THE HORSE. WHICH
text: CAREERS DOWN THE TRACK, THEN TURNS AND FIRES, TWICE, BEFORE
text: PITCHING HIMSELF INTO A ROLL TOWARDS THE TREES. HIS FIRST
text: SHOT KNOCKS JO FROM HIS HORSE, THE SECOND MO, WHO FALLS INTO
text: THE SNOW, BLEEDING FROM THE GROIN AND SCREAMING. The riderless
text: horse gets tangled up with the others.
text: Inman is in the trees, shots around him. He doesn't move
text: away from, but towards the riders inside the line of trees.
text: Grayling charges him, riding into the trees. INMAN SHOOTS
text: HIM, THEN RUSHES FROM THE TREES, FIRING, MISSING BOSIE, WHO
text: RIDES AWAY, EVIDENTLY NOT RELISHING THE FIGHT, AND THROWS
text: HIMSELF AT TEAGUE, WHOSE HORSE IS BUCKING WILDLY. Teague's
text: carbine fires an involuntary shot into the air. Inman yanks
text: the gun from his hand with his own left hand and lets go the
text: shotgun barrel of the Lemats with the other, the big pistol
text: almost leaping from his hand with the recoil. TEAGUE'S CHEST
text: OPENS OUT AS HE'S THROWN OFF THE HORSE. Mo is still screaming.
text: Inman walks over and shoots him in the head, then walks to
text: Teague, who is saying something, the blood blotting the snow
text: under him.
text: Inman studies him, picks up the Spencer carbine, turns to
text: look where Bosie has gone, steps up onto Teague's horse,
text: reins the horse in, and trots it over to the prostrate Teague,
text: LEANS OVER AND SHOOTS HIM DEAD. He turns the horse in the
text: direction Bosie had headed. He can't see horse or rider, but
text: in the stand of Hickory Trees ahead, THE GUSTS OF STEAMING
text: BREATH betray them both. He rides slowly towards the stand
dialog: of trees.
scene_heading: EXT. COLD MOUNTAIN. DAY
text: Ada and Ruby walking. They hear the shots. Ada turns and
text: starts to run through the snow, her hat flying from her head.
scene_heading: EXT. STAND OF HICKORY TREES, COLD MOUNTAIN. DAY
text: Inman's horse is parallel to Bosie, who is deep inside the
text: trees but also riding, slowly. It's like a dance.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: Come out of there.
speaker_heading: BOSIE
dialog: No, sir. Here's fine.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I just have to shoot the horse from
dialog: under you.
speaker_heading: BOSIE
dialog: Shoot her. She's not mine. You riding
dialog: Mr Teague's mare?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I am.
speaker_heading: BOSIE
dialog: He dead?
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I hope so.
text: (wearily, as he brings
dialog: his horse inside the
dialog: trees)
dialog: Look, how old are you? Give me your
dialog: gun and ride home, I'm done fighting.
dialog: I'm sick of it.
speaker_heading: BOSIE
dialog: I give you my gun you'll shoot me
dialog: dead.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: I will not shoot you, but nor am I
dialog: walking down that mountain looking
dialog: over my shoulder for you.
speaker_heading: BOSIE
dialog: That's what they call a conundrum. I
dialog: tell you what I've got on my side.
speaker_heading: INMAN
dialog: What have you got on your side?
speaker_heading: BOSIE
dialog: The confidence of youth.
text: And in that second HE PRODUCES HIS GUN AND FIRES. INMAN HAS
text: ALREADY FIRED THE LEMATS AND THE BOY, SHOT IN THE HEAD, FALLS.
text: CAUGHT BY ONE STIRRUP THE HORSE BOLTING. INMAN WATCHES, STOCK
text: STILL, THEN MAKES A COUGH, AS IF CLEARING HIS THROAT, AND A
text: THIN MIST OF BLOOD SPRAYS FROM HIS MOUTH.
scene_heading: EXT. RIDGE, COLD MOUNTAIN. DAY
text: Ada and Ruby running. THEY REACH STOBROD, HIS HORSE STOPPED,
text: DRINKING FROM THE CREEK. Stobrod, barely conscious, hanging
text: halfway down its flank, held on by the ropes.
text: Ada hurries on, taking the shotgun from Ruby, who tends to
dialog: her father.
scene_heading: EXT. A GROVE OF TREES, COLD MOUNTAIN. DAY
text: Ada runs past the horse dragging the cave corpses. She hardly
text: stops to look at the bodies, just rushes on.
text: THE GROUND SIMPLIFIES AND SHE'S AT THE BOTTOM OF A GROVE. A
text: STEEP INCLINE, THE SUN LOW AND IN FRONT OF HER. SHE SEES A
text: BRILLIANT FRAME OF BLACK TREES, AND THEN A SUDDEN FLURRY OF
text: ANGRY CROWS FLYING TOWARDS HER. AT THE TOP OF THE HILL IS A
text: SMALL HIEROGLYPH OF A MAN.
text: FINALLY, THE IMAGE FROM THE SWANGER WELL EXACTLY AS SHE FIRST
dialog: SAW IT.
text: THE FIGURE RAISES A HAND, BRIEFLY, THEN PITCHES FORWARD INTO
speaker_heading: THE SNOW.
text: She runs, her heart broken, towards the body of Inman. He's
text: dead, the red flag of his life ebbed, away in the snow. Ada
text: falls to her knees and pulls him over, the snow crusted on
text: his face, which she wipes away with great tenderness, then
text: sits, his head in her lap, as Ruby slowly comes up the hill
text: towards them.
text: A VIOLIN PLAYS, quite raucous.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN, BLACK COVE FARM, EASTER. DAY
text: A GIRL, about five or six, with Ada's curls, sits at the
text: table cradling a tiny lamb, which won't feed from the nippled
text: bottle she offers it. She tries again. Ada comes in suddenly,
text: takes a knife from the kitchen, and hurries out.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: You bring that lamb outside.
text: The girl gets up, carries the lamb out into the field.
scene_heading: EXT. FIELD, BLACK COVE FARM. DAY
text: THE SOUND OF THE FIDDLE CONTINUING, JOINED BY A BANJO, It's
text: a glorious spring morning, Black Cove Farm at its most
text: luxuriant, the path edged with brilliant flowers. There are
text: more animals in evidence. The girl emerges from the house
text: and sees Ada in the field, surrounded by sheep. She hurries
dialog: over.
text: ADA IS EXPERTLY SKINNING A STILLBORN LAMB. The little girl
text: is horrified.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: What are you doing!
speaker_heading: ADA
text: He came out dead, love.
text: She has the skin off the lamb, which lies like a little pink
text: cat on the ground. She approaches Grace, takes the live lamb
text: from her arms, the girl resistant, frightened.
speaker_heading: GRACE
dialog: Don't kill him!
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: I'm not going to kill him. But we
dialog: have to try something or else he's
dialog: going to die.
text: She takes the skin and wraps it round Grace's lamb. Then
text: puts the covered lamb into the pen with the dead lamb's
dialog: mother.
text: It goes to the sheep and, after a few false starts, starts
dialog: to feed, accepted as a surrogate.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Isn't that a small mercy.
text: And A VOICE joins in with the fiddle and banjo.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACK COVE FARM. DAY
text: STOBROD is playing, on his repaired fiddle. His hair is now
text: completely grey. GEORGIA is playing the banjo and singing,
text: although. A SMALL CHILD with Georgia's reddish coloring keeps
text: invading his picking hand trying to join in. RUBY HAS ANOTHER
text: GEORGIA CHILD IN HER ARMS, but is also trying to serve food.
text: She passes Georgia and touches the top of his head. SALLY
text: SWANGER is pouring water from a jug, Ada emerges from the
text: kitchen, with a big pie, racing to the table.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Hot hot hot hot hot!!!
text: From behind her, Grace appears, carrying a jug of milk, puts
text: it on the groaning board of the table. Grace has a full plate
text: in front of her, picks up a fork to spear some meat.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: Grace Inman, nobody said eat.
dialog: (then to Stobrod)
dialog: Mr. Thewes...
text: The music stops. And there's quiet except for the sound of
text: animals: lowing, barking, braying, bleating.
speaker_heading: ADA
dialog: For good friends, good food, good
dialog: family: for all our blessings -- Oh
dialog: Lord we thank thee. Amen.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Amen !
dialog: And they eat.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
