speaker_heading: COLLATERAL DAMAGE
dialog: by
dialog: Ronald Roose
dialog: Revisions by
dialog: Nicholas Meyer
dialog: David Griffiths and Peter Griffiths
dialog: Terry George
dialog: Current revisions by
dialog: Channing Gibson
dialog: No portion of this script may be performed, reproduced,
dialog: or used by any means, or quoted or published in any
dialog: medium without the prior written consent of Warner Bros.
speaker_heading: PRODUCTION DRAFT
dialog: April 14, 2000
scene_heading: WARNER BROS. © 2000
text: 4000 Warner Boulevard WARNER BROS.
dialog: Burbank, California 91522 All Rights Reserved
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: 1A INT./EXT. NYFD FIREHOUSE - VARIOUS SHOTS - NIGHT 1A
text: One A.M. on a hellish summer night in Spanish Harlem.
speaker_heading: 1B FIREFIGHTER 1B
text: snores like a chainsaw in the upstairs sleeping quarters.
scene_heading: 1C INT. LIVING AREA 1C
text: A FAN WHINES as a firefighter channel surfs.
scene_heading: 1D TRUCK BAY 1D
text: A rookie firefighter shines chrome on the pumper.
scene_heading: 1E BAY'S OPEN DOORWAY 1E
text: A firefighter plays chess with a neighborhood kid. SALSA
text: BLASTS from somewhere.
speaker_heading: 1F OLD FIREHOUSE 1F
text: spills light onto a street of aging, neglected buildings
text: as people beat the heat in open windows, on stoops and
dialog: street corners.
scene_heading: 1G FIREHOUSE DALMATION 1G
text: laps water from a dripping hydrant.
scene_heading: 2 INT. FIREHOUSE - KITCHEN - NIGHT 2
text: NYFD Lt. GORDY PITT strains as he works the handle of an
dialog: old-time, hand-cranked ice cream maker. It's a tough job
dialog: requiring strength, patience and determination. In a
dialog: nutshell, that's Gordy.
text: Firefighter JUNIOR MONTINE, black Panamanian descent,
text: watches Gordy crank away.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Hear the big news, Lieutenant?
dialog: It's the twenty-first century. We
dialog: got electricity now.
text: Gordy keeps cranking.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: 2 CONTINUED: 2
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Got these supermarkets, too. Big
dialog: places, freezers full o' ice
dialog: cream.
text: Gordy stops. Pops the lid. Spoons out a dollop.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Open up.
text: He sticks the spoon in Junior's mouth. Junior eats.
text: Junior loves it. Gordy smiles.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Screw the twenty-first century.
text: The FIRE BELL SOUNDS.
scene_heading: 3 INT. FIREHOUSE - VARIOUS SHOTS 3
text: Everyone scrambles. The choreography's practiced,
dialog: automatic. It's achieved without conversation.
text: The channel surfer slides down the fire pole. He's
text: followed by the man who was upstairs snoring.
text: Junior rips a sheet from the teleprinter. He hands the
text: printout to the snorer, the company's "chauffeur."
text: Feet jam into boots. Yellow trousers are hauled up and
text: hitched with suspenders.
text: Yellow jackets are whipped on.
text: The chauffeur TURNS OVER the PUMPER'S huge MOTOR.
text: Firefighters take their stations on the truck. Headsets
text: go on. As the fire company's lieutenant, Gordy rides
text: shotgun. The chauffeur hands him the printout. As the
text: engine moves out under lights and SIREN, Gordy speaks to
dialog: the men over the headsets --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Second alarm. Multiple dwelling
dialog: between Third and Lex.
scene_heading: 4 EXT. SPANISH HARLEM - STREETS - NIGHT 4
text: The ENGINE SCREAMS and HONKS through the city.
dialog: 3.
scene_heading: 5 EXT. SPANISH HARLEM - TENEMENT - NIGHT 5
text: FLAMES ROAR from the upper stories of this slumlord's
text: shitbox. An engine and ladder company are on-scene
text: attacking the fire with hoses. Neighbors gawk. Gordy's
text: engine company arrives. Gordy hits the ground, moves to
text: a battalion chief. The chief's terse orders are drowned
text: out by the NOISE of the EQUIPMENT, fire and men. Gordy
text: moves back to his company, who have already hooked the
dialog: engine up to water.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Top story's fully involved. We're
text: supporting inside. Two lines up
dialog: the stairs.
text: He points to Junior and then to the channel surfer, MIKE
text: SHEA, a veteran firefighter of Irish descent.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Junior and Mike --
text: He points to the chess player, SAL DIBIASE, another FD
text: veteran, Mediterranean descent, and then to the rookie,
text: RONNIE BOOK, a New York melting pot mutt.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: -- Sal and Ronnie.
text: The chauffeur, ART WESTPHAL, German-Irish, stays with the
text: engine as Gordy grabs a fire axe and leads his two two-
dialog: man hose teams into...
scene_heading: 6 INT. TENEMENT 6
text: Gordy and his men charge the stairs dragging the heavy
text: hoses. Rats head past in the opposite direction,
text: deserting the burning building.
speaker_heading: 7 THIRD FLOOR 7
text: They meet fire on the third floor. On goes the water.
text: Gordy quickly checks rooms on the floor for occupants,
text: using the axe to open locked doors, then taps Junior and
text: Mike, indicates "up." Begins leading the hose team up
text: the stairwell. Sees something and yells a warning --
speaker_heading: GORDY
text: Stairs're screwed. Hug the wall.
scene_heading: 8 FOURTH FLOOR 8
text: They reach the fourth floor. There's fire everywhere.
dialog: And then...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 4.
speaker_heading: 8 CONTINUED: 8
text: They see a FIREFIGHTER from the other company. He has
text: fallen through a gaping hole in the floor of the hallway
text: above. He's pinned under a large section of heavy
text: debris, coughing and screaming for help as fire rages
dialog: around him. To Junior and Mike --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Knock it back!
text: They turn the hose on the flames as Gordy moves to the
text: trapped firefighter. Gordy tries lifting the debris,
text: can't budge it. He starts chopping at it with the axe.
text: Chunks of plaster fly as the axe bites again and again.
text: Gordy hacks off a large piece of debris. He levers his
text: axe under the portion still trapping the firefighter.
text: Mike moves to help. Gordy heaves up on the axe. The
text: debris lifts. He heaves harder. It lifts more,
dialog: until...
text: Mike slides the firefighter out. Gordy yanks his axe
text: free. The debris collapses. Gordy moves to the
dialog: firefighter.
speaker_heading: FIREFIGHTER #1
dialog: Two floors up. I heard
dialog: screaming... Couldn't get there.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: FIREFIGHTER #1
text: End of the hall.
speaker_heading: 9 GORDY 9
text: takes off. Charges the next flight of stairs. Reaches
text: the fifth floor. Tries to reach six, but there's too
text: much fire. He's beaten back... but not before he hears
text: the FAINT sound of SCREAMING.
speaker_heading: 10 NEW ANGLE 10
text: Gordy looks down the fifth floor hallway to an apartment
text: door at the end. Between him and the door is the gaping
text: hole in the floor. It's too big to jump. He starts
dialog: running. He's gonna jump it.
text: Gordy reaches the edge of the hole. Leaps with all he's
text: got. At the same time, he swings the axe, point-first.
text: Slams it into a spot high on the wall, and...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 5.
speaker_heading: 10 CONTINUED: 10
text: Gordy swings over the hole on the axe handle.
text: He hits the other side running. Drives a shoulder into
text: the door at the end of the hall.
scene_heading: 11 INT. TENEMENT APARTMENT 11
text: Gordy bursts in. It's an inferno. He looks up. Knocks
text: his axe on the ceiling. Hears desperate POUNDING back.
text: Gordy climbs a table. Starts whacking upward with the
text: axe, attacking the peeling, crumbled plaster overhead.
text: Gordy is trying to hack a hole into the room above, but
text: he's not doing it fast enough. He won't beat the fire.
scene_heading: 12 INT. TENEMENT - HALLWAY 12
text: Gordy calls down to his men.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Give me the hose!
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: This place is gone! It could
dialog: flashover any second!
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Give me the goddamn hose!
text: Beat. Mike and Junior pass the hose up.
scene_heading: 13 INT. TENEMENT APARTMENT 13
text: Gordy aims the nozzle at the hole he started in the
text: ceiling. Turns it on full jet.
text: Gordy's barely able to hold the hose as the high-pressure
text: stream bites into old, decayed plaster.
text: Bit by bit the ceiling falls away. Gordy's almost
dialog: through to the room above, when...
text: Falling debris severs the hose. Gordy's lost pressure.
text: He hasn't broken through. The building's coming down.
dialog: He's gotta get outta there.
text: Gordy's not going anywhere. Picks up the axe. Attacks
text: the hole again furiously, until finally...
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: 14 GORDY 14
text: breaks through! A small hole, which he quickly widens,
text: to reveal... a terrified Latino family gaping down at
text: him, their room ablaze around them. Gordy reaches up.
dialog: Speaks to them in Spanglish --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: It's okay... Esta bien, esta
dialog: bien... Come with me... Con mio...
scene_heading: 15 INT. TENEMENT HALLWAY 15
text: Gordy lowers the family through the floor hole.
scene_heading: 16 EXT. TENEMENT 16
text: Gordy carries the family's small child outside. He
text: passes the child to its grateful parents, while...
text: The rescued Firefighter sits on a curb looking at a hero
text: and shaking his head in disbelief and admiration.
scene_heading: 17 INT. UPPER WEST SIDE APARTMENT - BEDROOM - MORNING 17
text: ANNE PITT, thirties, reaches out and KILLS the ALARM.
text: She rolls over. The other half of the bed's empty. We
text: hear a CHILD'S VOICE from another room.
scene_heading: 18 INT. MATT'S BEDROOM 18
text: Anne opens the door to find an exhausted Gordy sitting on
text: the floor with their four-year-old son, MATT. They're
text: building a K'nex spaceship.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: Look what we made!
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Nice rocket... That took a while.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: He was awake when I got home. His
text: throat still hurts.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Shit.
speaker_heading: MATT
dialog: That's a bad word.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: You're right.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 7.
speaker_heading: 18 CONTINUED: 18
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Sorry.
text: She feels Matt's forehead. Gordy's done it already.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: No fever.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (to Matt)
dialog: You better see Dr. Bob.
dialog: (to Gordy)
dialog: And this time, no opening fire
dialog: hydrants to play in till he's
dialog: completely well.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Yes, ma'am.
text: She leans down and kisses him. There's passion in it.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: How was your shift?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: The usual.
text: She yawns. Starts heading out.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Dreamed I did a triple axel in an
dialog: ice skating championship.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: (beat; calls after
dialog: her)
dialog: Come back and let me see those
text: legs again.
scene_heading: 19 INT. BATHROOM - DAY 19
text: Gordy holds Matt in his arms as water pours over them.
text: It's the second child he's held in the last few hours.
text: This one is his, this one is safe at home and unafraid:
dialog: what a father wants for his child. We see the deep
text: affection Gordy has for his son. He holds Matt tightly,
text: skin to skin, and kisses the boy's wet head...
text: Anne opens the shower door. She's on the phone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: 19 CONTINUED: 19
speaker_heading: ANNE
text: Dr. Bob can squeeze him in at
dialog: twelve. I have a patient
dialog: relations meeting at twelve-
dialog: fifteen. Can you take him?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: I have a game. But yeah, if we do
text: the handoff at the doctor's.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yes, he'll be there... Thanks.
dialog: (hangs up; to Gordy)
text: Five-of in front of Dr. Bob's.
dialog: Don't be late.
dialog: (to Matt)
dialog: Let's get you out, sweetie. Your
dialog: father just can't keep you dry.
text: She leads Matt out. Closes the shower door. Gordy
text: sticks his face into the water. Looks back, finds...
text: Two bare butts, Anne's and Matt's, are pressed against
text: the shower door's foggy glass. OFF Gordy, laughing --
scene_heading: 20 EXT. SPANISH HARLEM - BASKETBALL COURT - DAY 20
text: It appears the entire neighborhood's crammed against the
text: chain-link fence around the court, yelling and cheering
text: as a team of local kids from the NYFD Athletic League
text: plays a team of local kids from the NYPD Athletic League.
text: Gordy's an NYFD coach, exhorts his team at the top of his
dialog: lungs.
text: The rivalry's intense. The game close. The noise
text: deafening. Bets are going down.
text: NYFD goes up by one in the final minute.
text: Gordy disses a cop coaching the opposing team.
text: LUIS is one of Gordy's kids. A small but talented
text: fifteen-year-old. Luis steals the ball. Drives for an
text: unguarded lay-up to put the team up by three... And
text: misses. An opponent recovers the ball. The flow shifts
text: toward the other end, but Luis is slow adjusting,
text: devastated at missing the easy "two." Gordy yells at him
dialog: to defend.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Luis, get back! Pick up your man!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 9.
speaker_heading: 20 CONTINUED: 20
text: Luis shakes it off. Hustles back on "D" as his man gets
text: the ball. The opponent's a step ahead. Goes up... And
text: Luis gets there to reject him. The crowd loves it. The
text: BUZZER SOUNDS. NYFD wins.
scene_heading: 21 SAME SCENE - GORDY AND LUIS - MOMENTS LATER 21
text: In the game's immediate aftermath. NYFD celebrating
text: around them. Gordy's proud of Luis.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: We lose, win, whatever. But one
dialog: thing we never do. We never, ever
dialog: give up. Right?
text: OFF Gordy, smiling at Luis...
scene_heading: 22 SAME SCENE - LATER 22
text: The crowds are gone. Gordy checks his watch and starts
text: off, when a SOUND draws his attention.
speaker_heading: 23 GORDY'S POV 23
text: Luis walks along the inside of the chain-link fence
text: around the court. A neighborhood gangbanger and his crew
text: match Luis step for step outside the fence, rattling the
text: fence, clearly trying to intimidate him.
dialog: 24 BACK TO SCENE 24
text: Gordy stalks walking toward them. Calls --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Luis...
text: Seeing Gordy approach, the gangbanger and crew drift off.
dialog: Reaching Luis --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: What was that about?
speaker_heading: LUIS
dialog: Told 'em I wouldn't play with 'em
dialog: anymore.
text: But Gordy sees Luis is scared. And he sees the
text: gangbanger and crew hovering nearby waiting for Gordy to
dialog: go.
dialog: 10.
scene_heading: 25 EXT. SPANISH HARLEM - BODEGA - DAY 25
text: THROUGH the window, we see Gordy delivering Luis to a
text: Latin man, clearly Luis's father and the bodega's owner.
text: We don't hear the words, but we can tell Gordy's
text: complimenting the boy to his dad.
text: Gordy emerges. Checks his watch. Whistles up a taxi.
scene_heading: 26 INT. TAXI - DAY 26
text: Traffic jam on Park Avenue South. Gordy's anxious.
text: Checks his watch. He's late. To the cabbie --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Try Fifth.
scene_heading: 27 EXT. 68TH AND MADISON - DAY 27
text: Anne waits on the corner with Matt, playing with his
text: spaceship. She checks her watch. It's five of twelve.
scene_heading: 28 INT. TAXI - DAY 28
text: Fifth Avenue's also a parking lot.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Shit.
text: He jams money in the pay dish.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: I'm getting outta here.
scene_heading: 29 EXT. FIFTH AVENUE 29
text: Gordy exits the cab and takes off running.
speaker_heading: 30 ANNE 30
text: checks her watch again. She's pissed now.
text: In b.g., a cop leaves his police cart to write a ticket.
text: A caravan of Lincoln Navigators passes Anne and turns
dialog: east on 68th.
speaker_heading: 31 GORDY 31
text: turns onto 68th. As he runs, he jumps, trying to see
text: Anne and Matt over other pedestrians.
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: 32 ANNE 32
text: In b.g., the Navigators pull up at a building flying the
text: Colombian flag. Latin and American men in suits get out
dialog: of the Navigators.
scene_heading: 33 EXT. 68TH - BETWEEN FIFTH AND MADISON 33
text: Gordy dodges pedestrians. Still trying to get a glimpse
dialog: of Anne and Matt.
dialog: The cop we saw writing tickets earlier is walking the
text: other way. Gordy nearly collides with him. At the last
text: moment, the traffic cop shuffles Gordy aside.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Sorry.
text: Gordy reaches the corner. Sees Anne and Matt. Whistles.
text: In b.g., behind Gordy, we see the cop get into a brown
dialog: Ford.
scene_heading: 34 ANNE AND MATT 34
text: hear the WHISTLE. Matt sees Gordy.
speaker_heading: MATT
text: There he is.
text: Matt waves.
speaker_heading: 35 GORDY 35
text: waves back, shrugs an apology to Anne as he starts across
dialog: the street, when...
scene_heading: 36 INTENSE FLASH 36
text: suddenly lights up the intersection.
scene_heading: In SLOW MOTION:
speaker_heading: 37 SHOCK WAVE 37
text: wave rolls up 68th past Madison...
scene_heading: 38 HUGE BALL OF FLAME 38
text: erupts behind Anne and Matt...
text: We hear the ENORMOUS BANG of the explosion...
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: 39 WINDOWS 39
text: are sucked into millions of fragments, a hailstorm of
dialog: glass...
scene_heading: 40 GREAT CHUNK OF METAL 40
text: -- an engine block -- flies from the ball of flame...
speaker_heading: 41 ANNE 41
text: instinctively pulls her child to her...
speaker_heading: 42 GORDY 42
text: sees the engine block tumbling through the air toward his
dialog: wife and son.
text: His scream is lost in the thunderous ROAR all around.
scene_heading: 43 GORDY'S POV - IN SLOW MOTION 43
text: The engine block is about to hit Anne and Matt, when...
text: A FedEx TRUCK, WINDOWS SHATTERED, SKIDS past, wiping out
text: Gordy's line of sight. When the truck clears...
text: Anne and Matt are gone. The corner's empty. Just Matt's
text: spaceship, slowly falling to the ground...
scene_heading: 44 BACK TO SCENE 44
text: There's a horrible SCREECH. A TAXI SKIDS sideways to
text: avoid the FedEx truck and hits Gordy. He's in the air,
text: tumbling, then smacks to the ground.
text: Gordy looks up, through the smoke and falling debris.
text: Then struggles to his hands and knees.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Anne!
text: He tries to stand, then falls down, screaming in pain, a
text: large shard of glass embedded in his leg.
text: People come to help him, but Gordy only cares about
text: finding Anne and Matt. He looks around desperately but
dialog: can't see them, when...
text: His eyes go to the spaceship, in pieces on the pavement.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: 44 CONTINUED: 44
text: Gordy screams out his agony --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Noooooo!!!
scene_heading: 45 EXT. COLOMBIAN CONSULATE 45
text: The blast detonated here. Some men from the Navigators
text: are dead. MIKE BRANDT is not. Rises from the
text: devastation, gun in hand, as SIRENS wail in the distance.
scene_heading: 46 EXT. 68TH AND MADISON - LATER 46
text: Emergency personnel - EMS, NYPD, NYFD -- swarm the area.
text: Two white plastic sheets cover two bodies.
text: Across the street, PARAMEDICS work on Gordy's leg.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC #1
dialog: We're gonna give you a shot.
text: Gordy's oblivious to the pain. Shoves him away.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: I need to see them!
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC #1
dialog: We gotta help you right now.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC #2
dialog: We've done all we can for 'em,
dialog: Gordy.
scene_heading: 47 ANOTHER ANGLE 47
text: FBI agent JOE PHIPPS ducks under the police tape. REGGIE
text: DRAY, a young agent, meets him. As they walk --
speaker_heading: DRAY
text: Device functioned in front of the
dialog: Colombian Consulate just as a
text: motorcade full of brass arrived.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: Who were the brass, and why were
dialog: they here?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: 47 CONTINUED: 47
speaker_heading: DRAY
dialog: No one's talking yet, but it
dialog: smells high-level. There were
dialog: Colombians and Americans in the
dialog: cars. Three of 'em ate it. Guy
dialog: on the phone --
text: He indicates Brandt, talking on a cell phone.
speaker_heading: DRAY
dialog: -- is one of the survivors.
dialog: Name's Brandt. C.I.A.
text: That gets Phipps' interest momentarily. Then, as they
text: continue toward the consulate, he notices security
text: cameras on the building.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: Check the surveillance cameras?
speaker_heading: DRAY
dialog: We're pulling up the video now.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: (stops; looks around)
dialog: Where's N.Y.P.D. on this?
speaker_heading: DRAY
dialog: They know it's ours. They're
dialog: helping with shoe-leather.
text: Phipps' eyes go to the white sheets up the street.
speaker_heading: DRAY
dialog: We got two dead bystanders, a
text: mother and four-year-old son. The
dialog: father's over there with a leg
dialog: wound.
dialog: (indicates Gordy)
dialog: Guy's a lieutenant with the New
dialog: York F.D.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: Anybody talk to him yet?
speaker_heading: DRAY
dialog: We've been giving him room.
scene_heading: 48 BACK TO GORDY 48
text: In b.g., Mike, the veteran firefighter in Gordy's engine
text: company, looks under the sheets with a cop.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: 48 CONTINUED: 48
text: Junior puts a gentle hand on Gordy's shoulder.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Gordy.
text: Gordy looks up him, meets his eyes.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Me and Mike are here.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: ... I was late... They shouldn't
dialog: have been there...
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: It's not your fault.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: I need to see them.
text: Mike has walked up, lays a comforting hand on Gordy.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: No. You don't need to see 'em
dialog: that way, Gordo.
text: Junior spots a news camera crew focusing on Gordy's
text: grief, calls at a cop.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Get those goddamn people outta
dialog: here!
text: Phipps, approaching with Dray, addresses the same cop.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: Put that tape out fifty more
dialog: feet.
text: The cop begins moving the camera crew back. Phipps
text: continues to Gordy.
text: A Paramedic looks up at Mike.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC #1
dialog: He needs to go to the hospital.
dialog: We can't take that glass out.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: If he's not bleeding to death,
text: leave him. He's not moving till
dialog: they do.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: 48 CONTINUED: (2) 48
dialog: Phipps has heard and understands. To Dray, re:
dialog: bodies --
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: Chalk 'em and move 'em.
text: Dray goes. Phipps turns to Gordy and the two
text: firefighters standing with him. Addresses Mike --
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: We gotta get on this quick. I
dialog: need to talk to him.
text: Beat. Mike nods. To Gordy --
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: Mr. Pitt, if you can you tell
dialog: me... What'd you see?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: (looks up; beat)
dialog: What'd I see? I saw my family
dialog: die.
text: Mike puts a restraining hand on Gordy.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: This guy didn't do the bombing,
dialog: Gordo. He's just trying to get
dialog: the people who did.
text: Beat. Gordy eases up. Then, after a moment, defeated --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: I didn't see anything except the
dialog: explosion.
dialog: Beat. Phipps sees that's all he's gonna get.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: I know this is hard. I'm sorry I
dialog: had to bother you.
text: Phipps goes. Gordy looks over as the bodies of Anne and
text: Matt are placed on gurneys and rolled away. Chalk
text: outlines are all that remain of his family. Beat.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: We're gonna roll you to the
dialog: hospital now and get that glass
dialog: out.
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: 49 ANGLE - PHIPPS 49
text: Walking back to the consulate. He approaches Brandt.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: Joe Phipps. F.B.I. Counter-
dialog: terrorism task force.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Mike Brandt.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: What got this place blown up?
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: We'll have this discussion
dialog: somewhere else more secure, after
dialog: I get your clearance.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: Whatever it takes. But I got a
dialog: bomber in the wind. I need
dialog: everything you can give me, and I
dialog: need it now.
scene_heading: 50 INT. HOSPITAL EMERGENCY ROOM - NIGHT 50
text: Gordy's on a gurney on an I.V., his thigh heavily
text: bandaged. Junior and the rookie, Ronnie, are with him,
text: but there's no chatter -- Gordy's shut down, oblivious to
text: everyone around him.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Mike is on a cell phone nearby as Sal, the other veteran
text: from the engine company, enters and approaches him. Into
dialog: the phone --
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Hang on.
text: Mike turns his attention to Sal, who's clearly blown away
dialog: by the bad news that brought him here --
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Dammit...
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Tell me about it.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: How's he holding up?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: 50 CONTINUED: 50
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: He's shut down... We were hoping
dialog: they'd keep him here, and he
dialog: wouldn't have to go home right
dialog: away, but they're cutting him
dialog: loose.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Want me to stay at home with him?
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: Rookie's taking the first shift.
dialog: I'm just getting the schedule at
text: the firehouse rearranged now.
text: Mike goes back to the phone, and Sal crosses to Gordy.
text: He puts a hand on Gordy's shoulder, grips it firmly.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Hey. Got here as fast as I could.
text: Gordy sees him, but says nothing.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: I know it sucks... It really
dialog: sucks...
text: Gordy can't go there. Beat. Sal releases his grip.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: How's the leg?
speaker_heading: RONNIE
text: Cut's deep, but no major vessels
dialog: were severed. He's got a load 'o
text: silk holding it all together.
text: Junior, who stepped off to talk to a cop, now comes back.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
text: Just came over the police radio...
dialog: Consulate surveillance cameras
text: caught the bomber in the act. He
text: was disguised as a cop.
text: Gordy looks over. What Junior just said has triggered
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: ... I saw him... I saw a cop.
text: Gordy yanks out his I.V., and starts to get up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: 50 CONTINUED: (2) 50
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Christ. Gordy...
text: But Gordy's already on his feet, already moving.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: I gotta help 'em get the bastard.
scene_heading: 51 INT. UNDERGROUND GARAGE - FBI INCIDENT CENTER - NIGHT 51
text: A well-lit, sectioned-off area of the garage secured by a
text: chain-link fence.
text: Phipps enters. As he passes Dray, already there --
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: How long before we have a secure
dialog: computer network?
speaker_heading: DRAY
text: An hour. They're building it now.
text: Phipps moves to a FORENSIC EXPERT hovering over a table
text: of small fragments.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: What do you got?
speaker_heading: FORENSIC EXPERT #1
text: Pieces of a pager oxidized with
text: trace elements of Semtex.
text: Probably the triggering device.
text: They dial it up, probably from a
dialog: cell phone, and boom...
text: He picks up a microchip.
speaker_heading: FORENSIC EXPERT #1
dialog: ... This is the memory chip. I
dialog: can build it into a working pager
dialog: and maybe get a number readout.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: Do it.
text: Phipps moves to the next work area, where another
text: FORENSIC EXPERT studies video from a consulate
text: surveillance camera.
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: 52 ON SCREEN 52
text: in super slow-mo, we see a cop -- the one who later
text: bumped into Gordy -- in front of the consulate. His hat
text: is pulled down over his eyes, almost concealing his
text: tinted glasses. As the cop faces more toward the camera,
dialog: the expert freeze-frames. To Phipps --
scene_heading: 53 FORENSIC EXPERT #2 53
speaker_heading: FORENSIC EXPERT #2
dialog: That's as much face as we get. He
text: was careful to duck the camera.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: Run a total analysis. I want to
dialog: know if this asshole's right or
dialog: left-handed. I want everything
dialog: you can get outta this film.
text: Phipps keeps moving, enters an eerie recreation of the
text: blast site. Streets, buildings, etc. are marked out on
text: the garage floor. Pieces of the Navigators rest in front
text: of the area marked "consulate;" parts of an NYPD traffic
text: scooter rest in front of the Navigators; "X's" mark where
text: Anne and Matt were standing.
text: Phipps crosses to another AGENT.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: Any helpful information coming
dialog: outta Colombia?
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Not yet. Sat-Intel hasn't picked
dialog: up any related data-traffic,
dialog: either.
text: Dray walks up.
speaker_heading: DRAY
dialog: Gordon Pitt's here. He says he
text: saw a cop at the scene.
scene_heading: 54 SAME SCENE - LATER 54
text: Gordy, accompanied by Mike and Ronnie, sits in front of a
text: video monitor. Phipps and Dray look on.
scene_heading: 55 ON SCREEN 55
text: a police cart pulls up outside the consulate.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: 55 CONTINUED: 55
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: The cart was stolen from the
dialog: Central Park Precinct yesterday.
text: The cop gets out of the scooter.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: That's him. That's the son of a
dialog: bitch I bumped into.
text: The cop tickets a vehicle, then walks west out of frame.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
text: The bomb's in the cart.
speaker_heading: 56 PHIPPS 56
text: reverses the video, freeze-frames on the cop.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: We think the bomb was triggered by
text: a cell phone. The guy doesn't
dialog: have one in his hands here. Did
dialog: you see a cell phone when you ran
dialog: into him?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: ... No.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: How much time passed between then
dialog: and the explosion?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: ... Seconds... Five, ten...
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: We think maybe he got into the
dialog: brown Ford. You see him then?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: All I cared about was getting to
dialog: my wife and boy.
speaker_heading: DRAY
dialog: (to Phipps)
dialog: Guy still had enough time to get
text: out a phone and dial it in.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: 56 CONTINUED: 56
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: (beat, then, by way
dialog: of ending it)
dialog: We might need to call you in again
dialog: to look at some photos.
text: Beat. Gordy looks back at the grainy image of the cop.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: ... I touched him...
scene_heading: 57 EXT. CEMETERY - DAY 57
text: A bagpiper plays "Amazing Grace."
text: REVEAL Gordy holding Matt's small coffin as Anne's is
text: lowered into the ground. Gordy's men are around him,
text: along with many other NYFD personnel, family and friends.
text: A second bagpiper farther away in the cemetery, picks up
text: the song, begins playing it in a round with the first.
text: Matt's coffin is taken from Gordy. As it is lowered...
text: A third bagpiper, farther away still, begins playing the
dialog: song with the other two. One by one the first and second
text: bagpipers finish their rounds, until there is just the
text: third -- a haunting, mournful wail off into the distance.
dialog: And then...
text: There's only silence.
scene_heading: 58 INT. GORDY'S APARTMENT - MATT'S BEDROOM - NIGHT 58
text: Gordy stands at an open closet door. He leans in, buries
text: his face in Matt's clothes and smells them. Smells his
dialog: son.
scene_heading: 59 INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 59
text: The TV is ON LOW, tuned to the NEWS. Gordy is alone,
text: slumped in a chair.
speaker_heading: 60 NEWS ANCHOR 60
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR (V.O.)
dialog: ... The bombing that left a mother
dialog: and son dead and New York City
dialog: numb took on a new dimension today
dialog: when a notorious Latin American
dialog: terrorist took credit for the
dialog: attack.
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: 61 GORDY 61
text: has roused from his despondency, TURNS UP the VOLUME as
dialog: the report (containing visuals) continues --
speaker_heading: 62 NEWS ANCHOR 62
speaker_heading: NEWS ANCHOR (V.O.)
dialog: In an e-mail to the New York
dialog: Times, a Marxist extremist known
dialog: only as 'The Wolf,' states that
dialog: the bombing was, quote, 'not an
dialog: act of terror but an act of war,
dialog: aimed at stopping your C.I.A.
dialog: murderers and their fascist puppets
dialog: from committing further acts of
dialog: repression against the people of
dialog: Colombia,' unquote... Two
dialog: Colombian officials and an
dialog: American military officer died
dialog: in last Thursday's blast. Also
dialog: killed were Anne Pitt, wife of a
dialog: New York City firefighter, and
dialog: their only child, four-year-old
dialog: Matt... The President has vowed
dialog: that the United States will avenge
dialog: what he called 'this monstrous act
dialog: of barbarism and cowardice'...
dialog: Intelligence sources say the
dialog: identity and whereabouts of The
text: Wolf remain a mystery. They
dialog: believe he has worked closely with
dialog: radical elements in Latin America
dialog: for more than twenty years and
dialog: have linked him to numerous
dialog: terrorist bombings, including the
dialog: 1983 downing of a Peruvian
dialog: airliner, which killed forty-two
dialog: people, eleven of them
dialog: Americans... The head of the Latin
dialog: America Indigenous People's
dialog: Committee, a group known to be
dialog: sympathetic to the radicals in
dialog: Colombia, talked to News Six in
dialog: Queens.
speaker_heading: 63 GORDY 63
text: watches as Ephraim Ortiz-Dominguez a Latin man in his
text: forties, comes on the screen.
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: 64 ORTIZ-DOMINGUEZ 64
speaker_heading: ORTIZ-DOMINGUEZ (V.O.)
dialog: I cannot speak for The Wolf or his
dialog: actions. I would only repeat that
dialog: the leftist guerrillas in Colombia
dialog: are not terrorists but freedom
text: fighters in a war being waged
dialog: against them by the U.S. and
dialog: Colombian governments.
dialog: Governments who wish only to
dialog: protect a system that lines the
dialog: pockets of corrupt politicians and
dialog: multi-national profiteers.
dialog: (jump cut)
dialog: The deaths of the woman and little
dialog: boy are regrettable, but your
dialog: government inflicts them all the
dialog: time. Yugoslavia, Iraq... You
dialog: call it 'collateral damage'...
scene_heading: 65 INT. VACANT SECOND-FLOOR OFFICE (QUEENS) - NIGHT 65
text: An FBI SURVEILLANCE TEAM has taken over the office.
text: Three agents work video and audio recording devices.
text: A camera points out the window to a line of storefronts
text: across the street. The lights are on in one building
text: with a sign reading "IPC" (Indigenous People's Committee).
text: The FBI agents listen to live audio from the IPC office.
speaker_heading: ORTIZ-DOMINGUEZ (V.O.)
dialog: Rosetta, I said mustard on the
dialog: side. You'll have to go back.
scene_heading: FBI SURVEILLANCE AGENT
dialog: Know what cracks me up about
dialog: commies? They're all 'equality
dialog: this, equality that,' and they're
dialog: all chauvinists. Listen to that
dialog: fucking guy.
text: What they hear, however, is ROSETTA SCREAM as a DOOR
text: CRASHES open.
speaker_heading: ORTIZ-DOMINGUEZ (V.O.)
dialog: What do you want?
text: GLASS SHATTERS. THINGS are BROKEN.
scene_heading: 66 VIDEO MONITORS 66
text: The video monitors show Gordy wrecking the IPC office
text: with a baseball bat.
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: 67 INT. IPC OFFICE - NIGHT 67
text: Gordy smashes office equipment left and right. ORTIZ-
text: DOMINGUEZ and ROSETTA cower as Gordy vents his pent-up,
dialog: end-of-the-world rage using the bat the way we saw him
text: use a fire axe.
text: Gordy approaches Ortiz-Dominguez with the bat. Backs him
text: up against a desk.
scene_heading: ORTIZ-DOMINGUEZ
dialog: Please...
text: The FBI agents crash in.
scene_heading: FBI SURVEILLANCE AGENT
dialog: Mr. Pitt!
text: Gordy just stares down at Ortiz-Dominguez.
scene_heading: FBI SURVEILLANCE AGENT
dialog: This isn't the way to do things.
text: Gordy still doesn't move.
scene_heading: FBI SURVEILLANCE AGENT
dialog: These guys're only mouthpieces.
text: Beat. Then Gordy swings the bat. Hard. And...
text: Destroys the computer monitor next to Ortiz-Dominguez.
text: Gordy tosses the bat aside. To the shaking Latin --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: How's that for collateral damage?
scene_heading: 68 INT. FBI (NEW YORK) - PHIPPS' OFFICE - NIGHT 68
text: Gordy sits across from Phipps. Dray is present.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: Mr. Ortiz-Dominguez has agreed not
dialog: to press charges if you make full
dialog: restitution.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: I've already paid. With my
dialog: family.
dialog: Beat. Phipps sees it's pointless to insist. To Dray --
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: Take care of it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: 68 CONTINUED: 68
text: Dray heads out, passing Mike Brandt, who enters.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: Gordy, this is Mike Brandt.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Mr. Pitt.
text: Gordy just looks at him.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: I'm very sorry for your loss... I
dialog: lost people, too.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: ... Mike was in the motorcade that
dialog: day... He's the chief U.S.
dialog: intelligence officer overseeing
dialog: Colombia.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Don't worry, Mr. Pitt, we're gonna
dialog: get the son-of-a-bitch.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: You know where he is?
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: We believe The Wolf's in hiding
dialog: in an area of Colombia controlled
dialog: by the E.L.C., extreme Marxist
dialog: guerrillas... He thinks he's in
dialog: a safe haven.
text: Brandt lets "thinks" sink in.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: I know it's hard for you right
dialog: now, Mr. Pitt. We're all sorry.
dialog: But why don't you go home.
dialog: We're taking care of things.
text: Beat. Brandt proffers a business card.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Here's my card. Call me any time.
text: Gordy takes it. Just sits there a long moment, then --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: What kind of twisted people do
dialog: things like this?
text: Beat. Brandt and Phipps don't have an answer.
dialog: 27.
scene_heading: 69 INT. NEW YORK TIMES - BULLPEN - DAY 69
text: Gordy talks to a Latin reporter, ERNIE OROSCO.
speaker_heading: OROSCO
dialog: You interested in the big picture
dialog: or all the unpleasant details?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: My family died because of what's
dialog: going on down there. I want to
dialog: know all I can.
text: Orosco searches for a starting point. Then --
speaker_heading: OROSCO
dialog: Well, basically, the situation in
dialog: Colombia sucks...
text: As Orosco continues...
scene_heading: 70 MONTAGE - DAY/NIGHT 70
dialog: Over the course of a week:
text: 1. Gordy takes pictures, etc., off a wall in his home.
text: He pins up photos of Anne and Matt at the top of the
text: wall. Beneath them he pins up a large map of Colombia.
speaker_heading: OROSCO (V.O.)
dialog: ... The government's been fighting
dialog: different Marxists factions for
dialog: over thirty-five years. For most
dialog: of that time, it was winning...
scene_heading: 71 NEW YORK PUBLIC LIBRARY 71
text: 2. At the New York Public Library, Gordy uses microfilm
dialog: files and computer access to the web to search out
dialog: information on Colombia and The Wolf.
speaker_heading: OROSCO (V.O.)
dialog: ... Suddenly the guerrillas began
dialog: chopping 'em up. High-tech
dialog: weapons and equipment, well-
dialog: trained troops, aggressive hit-
dialog: and-run tactics, all financed by
dialog: extortion, kidnapping and
dialog: collecting taxes from dope
dialog: growers. It's big money, and they
dialog: put it to use...
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: 72 GORDY 72
text: 3. Gordy pins up various Colombia-related articles and
text: pictures on the wall, including the surveillance camera still of
text: The Wolf from the front page of The New York Post.
speaker_heading: OROSCO (V.O.)
dialog: ... The government got scared. In
dialog: 1998, to jump start peace talks,
dialog: it gave a coalition of guerrilla
dialog: groups temporary control over much
dialog: of southern Colombia... The first
dialog: communist stronghold on an
dialog: American continent...
speaker_heading: 73 GORDY 73
text: 4. Gordy draws a line around the guerrilla zone.
speaker_heading: OROSCO (V.O.)
dialog: ... But there've been few talks
dialog: and no peace. And the Colombian
dialog: military can't get near the
dialog: guerrilla zone, especially around
dialog: the town of Caguan, where the
text: E.L.C. kicks ass and takes no
dialog: prisoners...
speaker_heading: 74 GORDY 74
text: 5. Gordy circles and labels the ELC-controlled area.
speaker_heading: OROSCO (V.O.)
dialog: ... And that's where we come in.
dialog: Supposedly, to help eliminate
dialog: narcos operating in the guerrilla
dialog: zone. But some well-informed
dialog: people think that's just an excuse
dialog: to hit the guerrillas themselves,
dialog: since they're wrapped around the
dialog: drug trade... We're there, we're
dialog: involved... If we stay, the only
dialog: real question is which Vietnam War
dialog: we're gonna have. The one some
dialog: feel we could've won or the one we
dialog: lost...
speaker_heading: 75 GORDY 75
text: 6. Gordy watches a documentary about Colombia which
text: shows rebels, army troops, death squads, firefights, and with
text: atrocities and bodies on both sides.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: 75 CONTINUED: 75
speaker_heading: OROSCO (V.O.)
dialog: ... Bottom line? The place is as
dialog: dangerous as a snakepit. You've
dialog: got the different guerrilla groups,
speaker_heading: C.I.A., F.B.I., D.E.A., Colombian
dialog: military, U.S. military, right-
dialog: wing death squads -- and the only
dialog: thing they've all managed to do is
dialog: destroy a beautiful country and
dialog: inflict suffering on the real
dialog: people... Hey, I'm Colombian, and
dialog: I'll never go back...
text: OFF Gordy's packed wall...
scene_heading: 76 SAME SCENE - ANOTHER DAY 76
text: As Gordy closes the front door, REVEAL Mike, the
text: firefighter, who's just come in and now stands staring at
text: the wall, clearly whelmed by the level of compulsion this
dialog: must have required.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Haven't heard from you in a couple
dialog: days.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Been busy.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Yeah. I can see that.
text: Gordy's obsessed, totally consumed by his project. He
text: points at a picture of heavily-armed guerrillas.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: E.L.C. attack platoon... These
dialog: assholes kill innocent people all
dialog: the time in Colombia.
text: Gordy indicates a newspaper article.
speaker_heading: GORDY
text: Thirteen dead in a bus.
dialog: (indicates another)
text: A market. Twenty-seven dead.
dialog: (another)
dialog: A whole family... Anne and Matt
dialog: didn't mean shit to them.
dialog: (indicates The Wolf)
dialog: Or him.
text: Mike interrupts, trying to divert him to something else.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: 76 CONTINUED: 76
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Hey, we never turned down free
dialog: beer, and rookie's buying, you
dialog: believe that? He certified today,
dialog: he's off probation.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: (still looking at
dialog: wall)
dialog: Ronnie couldn't find a fire with
dialog: both hands.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Yeah. Let's go tell him that.
text: Gordy doesn't react. Beat. More serious now --
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: C'mon, Gordo.
text: Gordy hears the tone. Looks over and meets Mike's eyes,
text: seeing the genuine concern there.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: We aren't gonna let 'em drink all
dialog: the beer, are we?
dialog: OFF Gordy...
scene_heading: 77 INT. BAR - DAY 77
text: TV ON in b.g. Gordy's with Mike, Sal, Junior and Ronnie.
text: They've emptied a few pitchers.
speaker_heading: MIKE
text: Low on beer, Ronnie.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Yeah. I'll get more.
text: He gets up and heads for the bar. To Gordy --
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: I'll tell you what'll be great:
dialog: when you get back to work with us.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Yeah, how long is it?
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Week, two weeks?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: 77 CONTINUED: 77
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Shrinks say ten more days.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Like I said.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: Fucking doorknob they put in
dialog: temporary command...
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Morgan, the guy from 23, right?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: What a jerkoff.
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Even makes you look good, Gordo.
text: Ronnie yells over from the bar --
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: Hey, Gordy --
text: The guys look over as the bartender TURNS UP the VOLUME
text: on the TV.
scene_heading: 78 ON SCREEN 78
dialog: we see the President's National Security Advisor step up
text: to a podium to give a statement.
speaker_heading: NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR (V.O.)
dialog: Today, at 0700 hours Eastern
dialog: Daylight Time, a joint United
dialog: States/Colombian strike force
text: launched a full-scale assault at a
dialog: base camp of the Army of Colombian
dialog: Liberation, or E.L.C., in Southern
dialog: Colombia. The purpose of the
dialog: mission was to punish the people
dialog: behind the brutal bombing in New
dialog: York City ten days ago... We are
dialog: presently evaluating after-action
dialog: reports from Special Operations
dialog: Group, but feel confident that we
dialog: have accomplished our mission...
text: Cheers throughout the bar. Mike quiets them.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: 78 CONTINUED: 78
speaker_heading: NATIONAL SECURITY ADVISOR (V.O.)
dialog: ... At this time, we believe the
dialog: man responsible for carrying out
dialog: the New York bombing, the
dialog: terrorist known as The Wolf, is
text: among the enemy dead.
speaker_heading: 79 NEW ANGLE 79
text: Big cheers now. Toasts all around. Everyone in the
text: place is happy for Gordy, who sits there a moment trying
text: to absorb the news, then buries his face in his hands.
scene_heading: 80 INT. FIREHOUSE - TRUCK BAY - NIGHT 80
text: The Dalmatian whizzes on the hydrant outside.
text: Sal plays chess in the open door with the neighbor kid.
text: Ronnie polishes chrome on the truck.
text: Gordy holds up the broken remains of his ice cream maker
text: as Junior looks on.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: I'm gone three weeks and this
text: place falls apart.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: The temp lieutenant put it out
text: back, and Art hit it with his
dialog: truck.
speaker_heading: RONNIE
dialog: (calls to Gordy)
dialog: We're having problems with the
text: portable pump again, too.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Who backed over that?... My tools
dialog: still here?
speaker_heading: SAL
dialog: Upstairs in your locker.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Figured you guys would've sold my
text: stuff at a yard sale by now.
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: 81 INT. SLEEPING QUARTERS - NIGHT 81
text: Art's sleeping. Gordy opens his locker. There are old
text: pictures of Anne and Matt still taped inside. He glances
text: at them quickly, then pulls out his tools.
scene_heading: 82 INT. LIVING AREA - NIGHT 82
text: Mike's channel-surfing again. Gordy goes by the door,
text: carrying his tools and looks in.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: You ever stay on one channel long
dialog: enough to hear what they're
dialog: saying?
text: Whereupon Mike lands on CNN.
speaker_heading: CNN ANCHOR (V.O.)
dialog: -- a surprise today --
dialog: And then we're on another channel.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Go back! Go back!
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: What?
text: But Gordy has charged in and grabs the remote from Mike,
text: switches channels back to CNN.
scene_heading: 83 ON SCREEN 83
text: we see a CNN anchor with an over-the-shoulder graphic
text: showing the still of the cop from the consulate
text: surveillance camera with "The Wolf" superimposed.
speaker_heading: CNN ANCHOR (V.O.)
dialog: ... videotape from the terrorist
dialog: who calls himself The Wolf...
text: On screen, we now see a homemade video of a masked figure
text: wearing a camo floppy hat and a hunter's mesh face mask
text: with a strange-smiling face painted on it in camo earth
text: tones. The Wolf's body is hidden shadow, the voice
text: digitally altered to a deep bass growl.
speaker_heading: THE WOLF (V.O.)
dialog: You thought you killed me. You
dialog: didn't. I'm still here...
text: We see Gordy's demeanor shift, retreating to the
text: obsessive, seething hatred he showed before.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: 83 CONTINUED: 83
speaker_heading: THE WOLF (V.O.)
dialog: ... I swear that for every freedom
dialog: fighter you killed, ten Americans
dialog: will die. And I will pick the
dialog: time and the place. And I will
dialog: enjoy it...
text: The Wolf slaps his palm for emphasis.
speaker_heading: THE WOLF (V.O.)
dialog: ... Venceremos.
text: The tape ends. Mike shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: This guy, Quaddafi, that Bin
dialog: Laden... We never get these
dialog: assholes.
text: OFF Gordy, his spark of life suddenly extinguished...
scene_heading: 83A EXT. ROW OF TOWNHOUSES (WASHINGTON, D.C.) - DAY 83A
text: The four connected townhouses sit behind gates on a tree-
text: lined street in Georgetown. A sign reads: Latin
dialog: American Institute.
scene_heading: 83B INT. LATIN AMERICAN INSTITUTE - BRANDT'S OFFICE - DAY 83B
text: Brandt's on the phone. He's pissed.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: ... Senator, the failure of one
dialog: operation shouldn't cause your
dialog: committee to question financing
dialog: everything else we're doing down
dialog: there...
text: DONALD UPDEGRAF, Brandt's number two, enters.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: ... I know it looks bad, and I
dialog: appreciate your support.
dialog: Together we'll get it done...
dialog: Yeah. 'bye.
dialog: (hangs up; to
dialog: Updegraf)
dialog: Without his father's money, that
dialog: asshole'd be keeping bees for a
dialog: living... What?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: 83B CONTINUED: 83B
speaker_heading: UPDEGRAF
text: Gordy Pitt's on the phone.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: UPDEGRAF
dialog: He's called every day.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: I don't need it.
text: Beat. Updegraf picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: UPDEGRAF
dialog: Mr. Pitt, Mr. Brandt'll have to
dialog: get back to you.
scene_heading: 84 INT. GORDY'S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - DAY 84
text: Gordy's mood is dark. It's not improved by hearing the
text: bullshit in Updegraf's reply.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Tell him not to bother.
text: He slams down the phone. Rips up Brandt's business card.
text: He's alone with his frustration, with his rekindled
text: hatred and rage. OFF Gordy, glaring at the photo of The
text: Wolf on his wall...
scene_heading: 85 INT. AEROPUERTO EL DORADO (BOGOTA) - IMMIGRATION AND 85
scene_heading: CUSTOMS AREA - DAY
text: Armed police lead Rottweilers through the newly-arrived
text: passengers. FIND Gordy in line. He wears jeans, polo
text: shirt, Timberlands, carries a backpack.
text: Gordy advances to an IMMIGRATION OFFICER, hands over his
text: documents. The agent studies Gordy's passport.
speaker_heading: IMMIGRATION OFFICER
dialog: Business or pleasure, senor?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: ... Pleasure.
text: The agent looks up at Gordy. Looks back at the passport.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: 85 CONTINUED: 85
speaker_heading: IMMIGRATION OFFICER
text: One moment, senor.
text: The agent gets the attention of an IMMIGRATION SUPERIOR,
text: and the two of them confer out of earshot a moment. The
text: Superior looks over at Gordy. Then approaches.
speaker_heading: IMMIGRATION SUPERIOR
dialog: If you would come with me,
dialog: please.
scene_heading: 86 INT. IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS - OFFICE - DAY 86
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Is there a problem?
text: The customs Superior closes the door. Beat.
speaker_heading: IMMIGRATION SUPERIOR
dialog: We know who you are, Mr. Pitt.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Says so right there in my
dialog: passport.
speaker_heading: IMMIGRATION SUPERIOR
dialog: We're aware your wife and child
dialog: were killed in the bombing in New
dialog: York.
dialog: (off Gordy's look)
dialog: We have C.N.N. here, too.
dialog: (then)
dialog: It's better for you to visit
dialog: another country. For your own
dialog: sake.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: ... You giving me a choice?
speaker_heading: IMMIGRATION SUPERIOR
dialog: Yes. But not about staying in
dialog: Colombia.
text: He opens the door, addresses two armed policemen in
text: Spanish. Turning back to Gordy --
speaker_heading: IMMIGRATION SUPERIOR
dialog: These men will escort you onto
dialog: whatever flight you wish.
text: He holds out Gordy's passport. Beat. Gordy takes it,
text: starts out. As he goes --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: 86 CONTINUED: 86
speaker_heading: IMMIGRATION SUPERIOR
dialog: It's The Wolf you're after, yes?
text: Gordy stops, turns back. He says nothing, but the look
text: on his face speaks volumes.
speaker_heading: IMMIGRATION SUPERIOR
dialog: ... Then I've just done you a
dialog: bigger favor than you know.
text: Gordy doesn't respond. Just turns and goes.
scene_heading: 87 INT. IMMIGRATION AND CUSTOMS AREA - OUTSIDE OFFICE - 87
speaker_heading: DAY
text: Gordy's flanked by the armed policemen, one with a
text: Rottweiler. As they walk, a PA announcement in Spanish
dialog: is repeated in English...
speaker_heading: PA ANNOUNCEMENT (V.O.)
dialog: ... Avianco flight 42 to Panama
dialog: City is now open for boarding...
dialog: Avianca flight 42 to Panama City
dialog: is now open for boarding.
dialog: OFF Gordy, having heard the announcement --
scene_heading: 88 EXT. PAN AMERICAN HIGHWAY (PANAMA) - DAY 88
text: The highway terminates here, far short of Colombia. The
dialog: idea is to inhibit the northbound migration of people and
text: drugs. From this point south lies the Darien Gap, a
text: thick rain forest traversed only by rough trail.
text: A cab with a Panama City logo pulls up at road's end.
text: Gordy gets out with the Panamanian CAB DRIVER. The Cab
text: Driver indicates a Panamanian man waiting there with a
text: .9mm on his hip.
speaker_heading: CAB DRIVER
dialog: My cousin, Ever.
text: Ever and Gordy exchange nods.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: How far's Colombia?
text: The Cab Driver indicates distant mountains.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: 88 CONTINUED: 88
speaker_heading: CAB DRIVER
dialog: Beyond those mountains... The
dialog: trail is very dangerous, but do
dialog: not worry, Ever will get you
dialog: there... You can pay him then...
dialog: You can pay me now.
text: Gordy pulls out his wallet, pays the Cabbie.
speaker_heading: CAB DRIVER
dialog: Gracias, senor.
text: The Driver gets back inside the cab. Out the window --
speaker_heading: CAB DRIVER
dialog: Que la vaya bien.
text: He drives off. Gordy looks to Ever. Ever smiles,
text: motions him to follow, then turns south and starts
text: walking. As Gordy falls in behind...
scene_heading: 89 EXT. DARIEN GAP - VARIOUS SHOTS - DAY 89
text: Gordy and Ever pass through pristine tropical rain
dialog: forest.
speaker_heading: 90 NEAR STREAM 90
text: rushing fiercely through the jungle, Ever uses his
text: machete to cut two lengths of bamboo. He hands one to
text: Gordy and indicates how they'll ford the stream. Gordy
text: nods, then follows Ever's lead into the perilous, belly-
text: deep water. They struggle to maintain their balance,
text: even with the sticks. When they reach the opposite bank,
text: Ever signs okay to Gordy and smiles.
scene_heading: 91 HELICOPTER CARCASS 91
text: They pass the carcass of a crashed and burned-out
dialog: helicopter, when...
text: Two dangerous-looking men armed with assault rifles step
text: out of nowhere onto the path ahead of Gordy and Ever.
text: Gordy and Ever stop. Gordy glances at Ever. Ever's
text: focused on the men and clearly doesn't like what he sees.
text: Gordy looks back. The armed men advance toward them
text: carefully, rifles in the ready position. Gordy watches
text: them approach, wondering who they are and what they're
text: going to do. Ever, frightened, takes a half-step back,
text: then swings the length of bamboo fast and hard, and...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: 91 CONTINUED: 91
text: He smashes it into the base of Gordy's head, knocking
dialog: Gordy out.
text: The men run up. One man covers Gordy, while Ever and the
text: other man rifle his pack and toss his pockets. They take
text: his passport, wallet, and an NYFD T-shirt. And then
dialog: they're gone.
scene_heading: 92 CLOSE ON HUMMINGBIRD 92
text: Hovering over Gordy as he comes to. As it flies off...
speaker_heading: 92A GORDY 92A
text: sits up. Feels the bloody lump on his head. It hurts,
text: but it's not serious. He searches his pockets and
text: backpack, realizes the passport and wallet are missing.
text: Gordy stands. Looks around. He's alone. He's in the
text: jungle... He keeps heading south.
scene_heading: 93 EXT. DARIEN GAP - VARIOUS SHOTS - DAY 93
text: Gordy trudges on. The thick jungle's hot and humid,
text: full of STRANGE SOUNDS and shadowy animal movements.
text: Gordy's going uphill, when he rounds a bend in the trail,
dialog: and...
text: He meets a man coming the other way. Alarm gives way to
text: the realization that the man is followed by a number of
text: people, including women and children. As they pass
dialog: Gordy, it's apparent they're refugees from their haunted
text: expressions and crude backpacks heavy with possessions...
text: Gordy addresses the passing people. Indicates where he's
dialog: standing.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Aqui? Colombia?...
text: No one replies. Then a small COLOMBIAN GIRL comes up and
text: gets his attention. She runs back up the trail a short
text: distance and stops. She draws a line in the dirt.
speaker_heading: COLOMBIAN GIRL
dialog: Panama.
text: She jumps backward over the line.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: 93 CONTINUED: 93
speaker_heading: COLOMBIAN GIRL
dialog: Colombia.
text: She does it again.
speaker_heading: COLOMBIAN GIRL
dialog: Panama... Colombia.
text: She smiles. At the sound of a sharp WHISTLE, however,
text: she runs back quickly, passing Gordy and rejoining her
text: family. Her father hands her a machete and a Zippo
text: lighter, says something to her. Whereupon the little
text: girl returns to Gordy and holds the items out to him.
text: Beat. Gordy takes them.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Gracias.
text: The little girl runs back again, and Gordy watches the
text: refugees disappear around the bend. Then turns back
text: uphill and approaches the line the little girl drew in
text: the dirt. Looks down at it. Crossing over means he
dialog: walks into a world dangerous enough to cause these people
dialog: to flee for their lives, and...
text: Just as Gordy charged into the fire-engulfed tenement
text: past a tide of more sensible rats going the other way, he
text: now steps over the line and advances into Colombia.
scene_heading: 94 EXT. PARQUE NACIONAL LOS KATIOS (COLOMBIA) - DAY/NIGHT 94
text: Where the rain forest of Darien continues in Colombia.
text: Darkness sets in as Gordy follows the trail downhill. At
text: night, the JUNGLE'S EVEN NOISIER. When...
text: EVERYTHING GOES QUIET. Gordy slows. And suddenly,
text: AUTOMATIC WEAPONS begin to POP somewhere. Not close, but
text: not far, either. A FEW BURSTS, some SINGLE SHOTS -- the
text: call and response of an ambush -- and then SILENCE. And
text: then the nighttime JUNGLE NOISES return.
text: As Gordy walks on...
scene_heading: 95 EXT. PARQUE NACIONAL LOS KATIOS - MORNING 95
text: The sun is already cooking the jungle as Gordy reaches a
text: break in the trees, sees a small town ahead.
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: 96 NEARBY - MOMENTS LATER 96
text: Gordy has left the trail. He lowers his pants just
text: enough to expose his injured thigh. A bandage covers the
text: wound made by the glass shard. Gordy unwraps the
text: bandage, revealing...
text: A wad of cash is hidden inside, along with a photo of
text: Anne and Matt. A long, livid scar marks the wound.
text: Gordy studies the photo of Anne and Matt a moment, then
text: removes some cash from the wad and re-wraps the money and
text: photo inside the bandage.
scene_heading: 97 BACK ON TRAIL 97
text: Gordy heads into the town.
scene_heading: 98 EXT./INT. CHIVA - NIGHT 98
text: One of the colorful, wretchedly overcrowded buses that
dialog: ply Colombia's back-country roads.
text: As the chiva jolts and shudders over the dirt road, Gordy
text: sleeps. He's an object of some curiosity -- not only a
text: gringo, but a virtual Gulliver in comparison to the
text: small-statured Colombians pressed in around him.
scene_heading: 99 EXT. FINCA (COLOMBIA) - DAY 99
text: A sprawling farm/estate deep in the countryside. Beyond
text: the hacienda, we see a military compound containing tents
text: and three heavily camouflaged helicopter shelters. A
text: recently arrived Light Observation Helicopter (LOH) sits
text: on a chopper pad with its rotors still turning.
scene_heading: 100 INT. HACIENDA - DAY 100
text: Full of manned hi-tech command-and-control and
text: surveillance equipment. A Colombian military operations
text: officer, ROCHA, waits with an aide.
text: Brandt arrives with Updegraf.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Find your fucking leak?
speaker_heading: ROCHA
dialog: Not yet. And it could be your
dialog: fucking leak.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: 100 CONTINUED: 100
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: All due respect, Noel, it's not
dialog: likely... And we don't need the
dialog: whole world looking into what
dialog: we're doing down here... We find
dialog: the son-of-a-bitch again, we're
dialog: bypassing protocols...
text: Updegraf has had papers handed to him and interrupts --
speaker_heading: UPDEGRAF
dialog: Check this out.
text: He hands a paper to Brandt. Brandt reads it.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Jesus Christ...
speaker_heading: UPDEGRAF
dialog: (to Rocha)
dialog: The man whose wife and son died in
dialog: New York. One of your units found
dialog: his passport and credit cards on
text: some gunrunners near Panama.
dialog: Gunrunners say they left him
dialog: alive.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: What, he thinks he can get The
dialog: Wolf himself?
speaker_heading: ROCHA
dialog: We have too much time and too many
dialog: people invested to have a loose
text: cannon walking around.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (beat; hands papers
dialog: to Rocha)
dialog: Throw out the net. Have him
dialog: picked up... Just make sure no one
text: kills him.
scene_heading: FLASH-CUT TO:
speaker_heading: 101 EXPLOSION 101
dialog: Boom! An ENORMOUS EXPLOSION. And...
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: 102 EXT./INT. CHIVA - NIGHT 102
text: Gordy bolts awake from the nightmare with a scream. He
text: looks around at the startled faces in the crowded bus,
text: unsure where he is for a moment before he gets his
text: bearings. The dream lingers, depressing him.
scene_heading: 103 ANGLE - AHEAD OF CHIVA 103
text: An oncoming bus flashes its headlights. As the buses
text: pass, the ONCOMING DRIVER yells to Gordy's chiva driver.
speaker_heading: ONCOMING DRIVER
dialog: Inspecion militar. Chequeo de
dialog: papeles.
speaker_heading: 104 SECOND CHIVA 104
text: keeps going. Gordy's chiva slows to a crawl, and the
text: Driver calls back.
scene_heading: GORDY'S CHIVA DRIVER
dialog: Inspecion militar. Chequeo de
dialog: papeles.
text: Various passengers gather their things and begin to
dialog: disembark in a hurry. To anyone who'll answer --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Habla Ingles?... Que pasa?
text: A MAN IN A YANKEES CAP is among the people getting off.
text: He answers in accented English.
scene_heading: MAN IN YANKEES CAP
text: There is a military checkpoint up
text: the road. They inspect everyone's
dialog: papers.
speaker_heading: 105 BUS 105
text: starts to pick up speed again. Gordy gets off just in
dialog: time. To the Man in the Yankees Cap --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Where are all of you going?
scene_heading: MAN IN YANKEES CAP
text: We walk around.
text: The man heads into the forest. Beat. Gordy follows.
dialog: 44.
scene_heading: 106 EXT. FOREST - NIGHT 106
text: To the Man in the Yankees Cap as they walk --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: None of these people have papers?
scene_heading: MAN IN YANKEES CAP
dialog: Some have the wrong papers. Some
dialog: have none...
text: The man puts a finger to his lips, hushing Gordy.
text: They've come abreast of the checkpoint, which can be seen
text: in the distance through the trees. Colombian soldiers
text: have the chiva blocked as they perform their inspection.
text: The chiva's DIESEL GROWLS loudly. When suddenly...
speaker_heading: 107 FIGURES 107
text: We see figures moving in the forest between the group and
dialog: the checkpoint. And then...
text: The forest erupts in a deafening fusillade of AUTOMATIC
text: WEAPONS FIRE being directed at the soldiers at the
text: checkpoint. In the same instant, an RPG takes out a
text: Colombian Army humvee in a bright, fiery EXPLOSION.
scene_heading: MAN IN YANKEES CAP
dialog: Alsuelo!
speaker_heading: 108 MAN 108
text: The man pulls Gordy down as the group hits the dirt. The
text: GUNFIRE continues. On the ground, to Gordy --
scene_heading: MAN IN YANKEES CAP
dialog: Guerrilleros.
text: The attack rages furiously for twenty seconds, then wanes
text: to sporadic GUNFIRE. Other WEAPONS are FIRING now,
text: too -- clearly the Army is finally mounting a defense.
dialog: And then...
speaker_heading: 109 FOREST 109
text: We hear the sound of PEOPLE CRASHING through the forest.
text: They're running toward Gordy and the group. The CRASHING
text: GETS CLOSER. And now Gordy begins to hear the BREATHLESS
text: PANTING of the guerrillas in retreat. BOOTS THUD past
text: Gordy's head. When suddenly...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: 109 CONTINUED: 109
text: One of the running guerrillas trips over Gordy and goes
text: sprawling. The guerrilla, wearing the motley uniform of
text: an irregular soldier, whips a look back, and...
text: Gordy finds himself staring into the battle-hardened eyes
text: of a fierce young woman. In a heartbeat...
text: The woman jumps back to her feet, and joins her comrades
text: laying down a suppressing FIRE at the soldiers. Spent
text: cartridges rain down around Gordy, as the AK-47 ON FULL
text: AUTO chops loudly over his head. And then...
speaker_heading: 110 NEW ANGLE 110
text: The guerrillas are gone.
text: The Man in the Yankees hat hauls Gordy up, yells --
scene_heading: MAN IN YANKEES CAP
dialog: Vaya!
text: The group is in the greatest danger now -- caught between
text: the fleeing guerrillas and the soldiers, who are giving
text: chase and will shoot anyone or thing in front of them.
text: Everyone in the group scrambles to his or her feet and
text: begins to run. And...
text: Soldiers do notice them and begin to FIRE.
speaker_heading: 111 FOLIAGE 111
text: BULLETS SHRED the foliage around Gordy, whipping past his
text: head... He and others keep running. A man goes down when
text: a BULLET BITES into his leg. Gordy slows, but the Man in
text: Yankees Cap won't let him stop to help. Slams him hard
text: on his back. Keeps pushing Gordy forward. A few moments
text: later, we hear M-16's on FULL AUTO back where they left
dialog: the man.
scene_heading: MAN IN YANKEES CAP
text: His trouble is over.
scene_heading: 112 EXT. SMALL RIVER 112
text: The powerful TORRENT ROARS through the forest.
text: Gordy and the others reach the near bank, where the path
text: drops into the water to reappear on the opposite bank.
text: The Man in the Yankees Cap is in the lead. He plunges
text: into the fast water up to his waist. Gordy and the rest
text: splash in behind, struggling to cross against the swift
text: current. The Man in the Yankees Cap reaches the far
dialog: bank. Takes two steps, and...
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: 113 EXPLOSION 113
text: BOOM! An EXPLOSION rips into him.
scene_heading: 114 GORDY AND OTHERS 114
text: stop mid-stream, but one of the group, a young woman,
text: believing the blast was caused by the pursuing military,
text: continues struggling to cross. An OLDER MAN looks, sees
dialog: the blast-hole.
speaker_heading: OLDER MAN
dialog: Mina.
text: Gordy realizes the old man's saying "land mine." To the
dialog: young woman --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: No!
text: Gordy moves to catch her. Just manages to stop her as
text: she reaches the far bank. Gordy points to where the land
dialog: mine detonated.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Mina... Mina...
text: Beat. Slowly, the terrified young woman responds to the
text: strong, calm tone of command in Gordy's voice and the
text: unpanicked, reassuring look on his face.
text: Gordy brings her back to the group, which fights to stand
text: in the rushing river. He indicates for them to hold
text: hands for stability. Motions for them to stay.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Alto.
speaker_heading: 115 GORDY 115
text: leaves the group in the middle of the river. The GUNFIRE
text: is now FAR-OFF AND SPORADIC. He crosses to the water's
text: edge on the far bank. Pulls the Zippo from his pack and
text: leans over. Uses the flame to illuminate the mud and
text: rock immediately in front of him. Scratches lightly at
text: the ground with the machete, searching for mines. Finds nothing
text: in that spot. And steps onto it.
text: Searching the ground and scratching at it with the
text: machete before each step, Gordy inches toward the Man in
text: the Yankees Cap. Three steps from the river...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: 115 CONTINUED: 115
text: He finds a small, round anti-personnel mine the size of a
text: hockey puck. He inches past it. Moves past another.
text: And another. To the writhing Man in the Yankees Cap --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Don't move... Don't move...
speaker_heading: 116 NEW ANGLE 116
text: Finally, Gordy reaches him. One of the man's legs is
text: missing below the knee. He's bleeding from various other
text: wounds as well. Gordy uses the Zippo to inspect the area
text: for more mines. Then kneels in a footprint.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: You'll be okay... You'll be okay.
text: He takes a bandanna from the man and ties a tourniquet
text: around his thigh. By way of distracting him --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Guerrilla bastards.
scene_heading: MAN IN YANKEES CAP
dialog: No... Military... To stop
dialog: guerrillas.
text: Beat. Gordy finishes the tourniquet, when he sees...
speaker_heading: 117 YOUNG MAN 117
text: has left the group and emerged from the river in a
dialog: different place to avoid the mines.
text: Gordy's eyes go to something glistening in front of the
text: young man -- a taut nylon line ten inches off the ground.
text: The kid's about to hit it. Gordy shouts --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: No! Alto!
text: The young man hears the alarm in Gordy's voice and
text: stops... But not before he plants his next step, and...
text: The trip wire bows against his shin, and...
text: Gordy ducks, covers the Man in the Yankees Cap, and...
text: Nothing happens. The young man just stands there, frozen
text: in position, his leg still bowing the line.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: 117 CONTINUED: 117
text: Using the Zippo again to light his way, Gordy advances to
text: the young man. He follows the trip wire to where a Coca-
text: Cola can hangs from a nearby tree. On closer inspection,
text: Gordy can see the can is sleeved around a grenade.
text: There's no pin in the grenade. The can keeps the
text: grenade's arming spoon in place. The trip wire's
text: designed to yank the can off, allowing the grenade to
text: explode at chest level... And the can's almost off.
text: Gordy burns through the monofilament trip wire. Then
text: carefully slides the Coke can back over the grenade.
scene_heading: 118 MAN IN YANKEES CAP - MOMENTS LATER 118
text: When Gordy returns, the man's dead. OFF Gordy, looking
text: down at the NY logo on the cap...
scene_heading: 119 EXT./INT. ANOTHER CHIVA - DAY 119
text: Gordy sees a sign for a town as the chiva rumbles along.
text: He pulls out his map.
scene_heading: 120 INSERT - MAP 120
text: Gordy finds the town, which lies along a river. He
text: traces a road from the town. The road runs south through
text: the town of Mompos, and eventually reaches Caguan, the
dialog: ELC capital.
scene_heading: 121 BACK TO SCENE 121
text: A COLOMBIAN WOMAN is looking over Gordy's shoulder.
speaker_heading: COLOMBIAN WOMAN
dialog: No autobusses para este lugar.
dialog: Solamente el barco en el rio.
text: She leans over, traces the river, which also runs to
dialog: Caguan.
speaker_heading: COLOMBIAN WOMAN
dialog: El rio.
scene_heading: 122 EXT. FERRY DOCK - DAY 122
text: The FERRY'S WHISTLE TOOTS. Lines are cast off.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: 122 CONTINUED: 122
text: Two plainclothes federales have been watching the ferry
text: load and now relax their vigil. One man holds a Xerox of
text: Gordy's passport photo. The other bites into an
text: empanada, which breaks open and spills its contents down
text: the front of his shirt. His partner finds it funny. He
text: doesn't. And while their attention's occupied...
text: Gordy hurries by, oblivious to the federales' presence,
text: and just manages to hop onto the ferry as it pulls away.
scene_heading: 123 EXT. FERRY - DAY 123
dialog: The ferry's the only means of travel south, and it's
text: packed. Gordy picks his way through. The only other
text: gringo on the boat is a geek in a plaid shirt and gimme
text: hat that says "Deerborn." The geek, PHILIP ARMSTRONG,
text: looks like a talker, and Gordy tries to avoid eye
text: contact. He's too late.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: Hey, yo, dude, here's a seat, man!
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: No, that's okay --
text: But Armstrong's already throwing a bag off the bench.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: I was hoping for someone I could
dialog: communicate with.
text: He sees Gordy hasn't moved.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
text: Only room's at the back near the
dialog: bano, and I'd advise against it,
dialog: unless you like poop.
text: Beat. Gordy sits. Immediately --
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: Philip Armstrong. Assiniboia,
dialog: Sasketchewan, Canada.
dialog: (indicates his hat)
dialog: Deerborn Heavy Equipment.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: ... Gordy Pitt.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: Hey, howya doing? I love Germany.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: 123 CONTINUED: 123
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Austria. American now.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: I love America. Never been to
dialog: Austria. Where from in America
dialog: would that be?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: New York City.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: I don't like New York City.
dialog: Buildings're too big. What kinda
dialog: work you in?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: (hesitates, then)
dialog: Coffee. I buy beans.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: Can't drink caffeine. Makes my
dialog: stomach do the rumba. I like that
dialog: commercial guy with the sombrero
text: and the mule, though. Headed
dialog: upstream, eh? Where to?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Caguan.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: ... You've never been to Caguan,
dialog: eh?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: How do you know?
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: 'Cause no one in their right mind
dialog: would ever go back. Caguan's in
dialog: the guerrilla zone run by the
dialog: E.L.C. E.L.C. as in 'Extra
dialog: Loathsome Communists.' They don't
dialog: care, and they kill. I'm going
dialog: there myself. But I have a 'get
dialog: outta jail free' card.
text: Armstrong doffs his cap, undoes a safety pin securing a
dialog: card inside the crown. Shows it to Gordy. Sotto --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: 123 CONTINUED: (2) 123
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: E.L.C. travel pass. I can go
dialog: anywhere I want.
dialog: (by way of
dialog: explanation)
dialog: Everyone needs equipment fixed.
text: Armstrong carefully returns the card to the hat. And now
text: his voice takes on a noticeably more measured tone --
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: If you don't have one of these,
dialog: you don't want to be up there,
dialog: Gordy.
text: Beat. Gordy's contemplating the warning, when his eyes
text: go to a small, sleepy boy standing nearby on the cramped
text: deck, leaning against his father. Gordy reaches over and
text: taps the boy. The boy looks over. Shrinks away at the
text: sight of the large gringo. The father notices and looks
text: at Gordy, who stands, indicates his seat.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Por favor.
text: The father's also apprehensive, doesn't move.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Con mucho gusto.
text: Finally, the father accepts, sits down with the sleepy
text: boy on his lap. Nods his thanks at Gordy, who then gazes
text: down at the son. A kid about Matt's age. Armstrong
text: recognizes the look of a caring dad.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: Got kids, eh?
text: OFF Armstrong, as Gordy walks away...
scene_heading: 124 EXT. JUNGLE - DAY 124
text: Two Colombian armed man wearing guerrilla uniforms
text: bearing a distinctive ELC patch are walking a trail, when
text: the man in front notices something odd. He stops. Leads
text: the other man back a few steps. Looks into the foliage
text: along the trail. Something doesn't seem right. He
text: extends his AK-47. Prods a hump of greenery with the
text: rifle butt, and in a flash...
text: The greenery suddenly transforms into two men wearing
text: face-paint and full-body military camouflage gear and
text: pointing twin cocked-and-locked CAR-15 assault rifles at
text: the heads of the startled guerrillas.
dialog: 52.
scene_heading: 125 EXT. CIA HACIENDA - DAY 125
text: Brandt stubs a butt as a Colombian SOG group does killer
text: training nearby. Updegraf opens the door. To Brandt --
speaker_heading: UPDEGRAF
text: One of Rocha's infiltration teams
dialog: just radioed in... We got our big
dialog: break...
scene_heading: 126 EXT. FERRY - DAY 126
text: Gordy stands along the rail looking out at the lush,
text: beautiful countryside sliding past.
text: Armstrong joins him.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: That little kid and I had a nice,
dialog: long snooze... We're almost to
dialog: Mompos.
dialog: (gazing out)
dialog: Beautiful country.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: It better be. A lotta people're
dialog: dying for it.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: (looks overboard)
dialog: Y'know, I haven't noticed one
dialog: darn body floating downstream
dialog: this whole trip, have you?
text: Gordy doesn't respond. Beat.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: I was thinking... Maybe we could
dialog: travel together into Caguan. You
dialog: could show me around.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: Pass is only good for one person,
dialog: if that's your idea, which I think
dialog: it is... Besides, I can't risk
dialog: traveling around up there in the
text: company of a big gringo with a
dialog: dumb-ass cover story about coffee
dialog: beans.
text: Gordy looks over. Armstrong smiles back. Beat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: 126 CONTINUED: 126
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: I've got money. I'll buy the pass
dialog: from you.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: I've worked too hard for it. And
dialog: you don't have that kind of money
dialog: on you.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: I'll be getting some life
dialog: insurance money --
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: It's all cash and carry down here,
dialog: Gordy.
text: The FERRY WHISTLE TOOTS.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: Mompos... You want to have some
dialog: fun, we'll hook up later. I
dialog: always schedule a stopover. To
dialog: sample the local wares and such.
dialog: (winks)
dialog: Life can be what you make it here
text: on the frontier.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: No, thanks.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: Gotta get off the boat anyway.
dialog: Mompos is the last stop. From
dialog: here into the guerrilla zone you
dialog: can only travel by panga... If you
dialog: change your mind, I'll be at the
dialog: Tropicale later. It's a gringo
dialog: bar. Just follow the cockroaches.
speaker_heading: 127 NEW ANGLE 127
text: They see the beginnings of Mompos. Two 4x4 trucks are
text: parked on the riverbank. Lean, clean-cut men in jeans,
text: tight shirts, cowboy boots and sunglasses lean on the
text: truck and watch the ferry pass.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: Sicarios. Death squads. Avoid
dialog: those dudes at all costs.
dialog: 54.
scene_heading: 128 SAME SCENE - FEW MOMENTS LATER 128
text: The ferry pulls up to the dock. The dock street is a
text: culture clash of shanty bars and Amazon Indian traders,
text: of big-wheel SUVs and mule carts. There's a definite air
text: of menace.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: Federales are looking for someone.
text: Gordy follows Armstrong's look to two plain-clothes
text: federales, one fat and one thin, standing near the dock
text: watching the boat pull up.
text: When Gordy glances back, Armstrong is gone.
scene_heading: 129 EXT. MOMPOS FERRY DOCK - DAY 129
text: Gordy disembarks amid the throng of passengers, when the
text: FAT FEDERALE confronts him.
speaker_heading: FAT FEDERALE
dialog: Senor Pitt?
text: Gordy looks up in surprise at him and the thin federale
text: backing him up.
speaker_heading: FAT FEDERALE
dialog: You'll have to come with us.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: FAT FEDERALE
dialog: Come with us, please.
text: He clamps a hand on Gordy's arm. Gordy shakes it off and
text: starts running. Almost immediately, he's tackled to the
text: ground by the thin federale. Two more federales join in.
dialog: Gordy's not gonna go down easy, though.
dialog: Even as only one against four, Gordy's a formidable
text: challenge. He's strong, and he's committed all the way.
dialog: He's not getting kicked out of this country again. It's
dialog: not a clean or artful fight. There's no karate. It's
text: four men trying to tackle a bull, and...
text: The bull gets away.
scene_heading: 130 EXT./INT. MOMPOS - VARIOUS SHOTS - DAY 130
text: Gordy sprints down streets with the federales in pursuit.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: 131 GORDY 131
text: jukes into a local bar.
scene_heading: 132 ANOTHER ANGLE 132
text: Gordy pounds out the back of the bar into a littered
text: courtyard, where he's surrounded by ten-foot walls.
speaker_heading: 133 FEDERALES 133
text: blast through the bar.
speaker_heading: 134 GORDY 134
text: runs, jumps, launches off a beer keg, and...
speaker_heading: 135 TOP OF WALL 135
text: He reaches the top of the wall and pulls himself up.
text: He's looking out across a block-long run of corrugated
text: tin roofs. Takes off across the roofs, each step
text: thundering, as...
speaker_heading: 136 FEDERALES 136
text: burst into the courtyard. Two men hastily build a stack
text: of boxes, etc., against the wall.
speaker_heading: 137 GORDY 137
text: runs as fast as he can across the rooftops, when...
text: A section of roof gives way beneath his feet, just as...
speaker_heading: 138 NEW ANGLE 138
text: One of the federales finally mounts the wall, looks
text: across the rooftops... and Gordy's gone.
speaker_heading: 139 GORDY 139
text: lands inside a warehouse room amid sacks of rice, beans
text: and coffee. The building is dark and dusty. He lies
text: still and listens. FOOTSTEPS approach across the tin
text: roof overhead. Gordy burrows into the bags of rice,
text: pulls them over him.
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: 140 FEDERALE 140
text: on the roof peers down through the hole. Scans the
text: warehouse room below with a mini-Mag-Lite.
speaker_heading: 141 GORDY 141
text: sees the flashlight beam move past. He holds his breath.
text: Beat. Then the FOOTSTEPS pass on, RECEDE down the roof.
dialog: And Gordy can breathe again.
scene_heading: 142 EXT. MOMPOS STREET - NIGHT 142
text: Gordy makes his way along the main drag of the frontier
text: town. A noisy, neon-lit strip of bars and brothels.
text: Everyone's packing a gun. A new Dodge City, where death
text: squad sicarios cruise past in 4x4's BLARING SALSA.
scene_heading: 143 INT. TROPICALE - NIGHT 143
text: In here, the MUSIC'S LOUD ROCK 'N' ROLL. Gringo music
text: for a gringo bar. The place is busy, with plenty of
text: local "hostesses" for the men. Even Armstrong, standing
text: half-crocked at the bar, is flanked by two scantily-clad
text: women. He's got a spoon hanging off his nose. So does one
text: of the girls. Armstrong's trying to hang a spoon on the
dialog: other.
text: Gordy slips into the bar. Spots Armstrong through the
text: crowd. Sees Armstrong's not wearing his cap, when...
text: The girl with the spoon on her nose turns slightly,
text: revealing she's wearing the cap. It's on backwards, but
text: now Gordy can see the "Deerborn" logo clearly.
text: Gordy wants the guerrilla travel pass inside the cap.
text: It's a desperate move, but he's got no choice. Starts
dialog: toward the girl, when...
text: Gordy sees the thin federale enter the front door. The
text: thin federale sees him at the same time. Begins moving
text: in on him.
text: Gordy moves faster toward the girl. And...
text: The girl unwittingly does him a favor by taking off the
text: cap and setting it on the bar, where it's easier to grab,
text: and then turns her attention to Armstrong's antics.
text: The thin detective fights through the crowd after Gordy.
text: Gordy's almost to the hat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: 143 CONTINUED: 143
text: Armstrong's still having trouble with the second girl's
dialog: spoon.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: I never met a nose I couldn't hang
text: a spoon on.
text: Gordy reaches the bar, snags the cap. Glances back, sees
text: the thin federale closing in, turns to run out the back,
dialog: when...
text: A strong hand stops him. The hand belongs to the Fat
dialog: Federale. And now the thin federale's there, too,
text: wielding a stun gun where Gordy can see it. People in
text: the bar fall silent. Everyone but Armstrong, who's
text: finally hung the spoon on the second girl's nose.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: Yahtzee!
text: And now Armstong also realizes something's up. Turns and
text: sees Gordy. Sees the cap in Gordy's hand as the Fat
dialog: Federale addresses Gordy --
speaker_heading: FAT FEDERALE
dialog: Come along, Mr. Pitt.
text: Whereupon Armstrong shouts drunkenly at Gordy --
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: Police catch you trying to steal
dialog: my hat, you asshole?!
text: He staggers toward Gordy. Grabs the hat.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: Fucking hat thief!
text: Armstrong takes a drunken swing at Gordy, but...
text: Instead of hitting Gordy, Armstrong accidentally-on-
text: purpose clocks the fat detective. Then hisses into
dialog: Gordy's ear, clearly not that drunk --
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: Get outta here --
dialog: But then Armstrong's legs won't work as the thin federale
text: jams the stun gun against his neck, and 10,000 volts
dialog: surprise the Armstrong neural network.
text: Gordy moves against the thin federale in anger, when...
text: The Fat Federale ZAPS him with another STUN GUN, just
text: behind the ear... And Gordy gets to know the floor, too.
dialog: 58.
scene_heading: 144 EXT. MOMPOS JAIL - NIGHT 144
text: The building's ancient, constructed of wood and adobe.
scene_heading: 145 INT. MOMPOS JAIL - CELL - NIGHT 145
text: The jail might be old, but the cells are secure enough.
dialog: They're also unsanitary and thoroughly unpleasant.
text: Gordy and Armstrong are led in by the federales. The Fat
text: Federale has Armstrong's hat. He looks it over,
text: wondering why Gordy wanted it. Then decides he could
text: give a fuck and tosses it to Armstrong. Clangs the cell
text: door shut and locks it. Leaves shaking his head.
speaker_heading: FAT FEDERALE
dialog: Gringos...
text: Armstrong's still unsteady on his feet and sits down on
text: the metal bunk.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: That stun gun wasn't cool.
text: Armstrong looks down at himself.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: Haven't peed my pants in a real
dialog: long time.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You shouldn't have helped me.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: Yeah, well, I guess all these
dialog: assholes down here are just
dialog: starting on my nerves.
text: Gordy's silent. It's over. He's come up short. He's
dialog: going home.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: So what the hell did you do to
dialog: land us in here? And don't jerk
dialog: me around, eh?
text: Beat. Gordy sits.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: The Wolf killed my wife and son
dialog: in New York.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 59.
speaker_heading: 145 CONTINUED: 145
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: ... Oh, you're that guy, eh? I'm
dialog: sorry, man... And what, you came
dialog: down here to even things out?
text: Gordy just looks at him.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: Did you even have a plan?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Yeah. Go to Caguan, find The Wolf
dialog: and kill him.
text: Armstrong just shakes his head. Beat.
scene_heading: 146 DOOR TO CELL AREA 146
text: BANGS open. Federales lead in two men -- the two
text: guerrillas surprised earlier by the heavy-camouflaged
text: infiltrators. The federales are armed with batons and
text: stun guns, taking no chances. It's clear the rebels
dialog: weren't brought here without a struggle, either -- both
text: are cut and bruised. The tougher-looking of the two has
text: taken a real beating. This beaten man is jammed face-
text: first against the bars of Gordy's cell. He makes eye
text: contact with Gordy while the other rebel is unbound and
text: put into a cell. Then the beaten man is shoved into the
text: cell. A solid, brick wall separates them from Gordy and
dialog: Armstrong. Armstrong's seen the patches on their
dialog: uniforms. To Gordy, sotto --
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: E.L.C.
text: Beat. Armstrong sees the look on Gordy's face. By way
dialog: of a warning --
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: If you can't kill them, don't even
dialog: talk to them.
text: The GUERRILLAS are MURMURING in the other cell. One of
text: them LAUGHS. OFF Gordy, listening to the LAUGHING...
scene_heading: 147 INT. GORDY AND ARMSTRONG'S CELL - NIGHT 147
text: Two or three A.M. Armstrong's dozing. Gordy's still
text: listening to the MURMURING of the REBELS on the other
dialog: side of the wall, when...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: 147 CONTINUED: 147
text: There's a flurry of activity outside the cell area. The
text: door opens. Soldiers enter with some federales.
text: Gordy watches the soldiers move past his cell. Rocha is
dialog: with them. And then...
text: Brandt appears at the bars, looks in at Gordy.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Enjoy your trip?
text: Gordy stands, approaches.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: We asked you to leave it to us.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: And you guys still haven't got
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
text: It's not over yet... The guys next
dialog: door are in The Wolf's elite
dialog: bodyguard unit. Where he goes,
dialog: they go. We're gonna ask
dialog: questions. And we're gonna get
dialog: answers... And you're staying
dialog: right here till our bomber's dead.
text: Brandt goes. Moments later, a TORTURED SCREAM is heard
text: on the other side of the brick wall, waking Armstrong
text: with a start.
scene_heading: 148 EXT. MOMPOS - VARIOUS SHOTS - NIGHT 148
text: In a field near Mompos, a canopied truck backs into
text: position. Men in guerrilla uniforms with ELC patches get
text: out and pull back the canopy, revealing mortar tubes
text: pointing skyward on a bed of sand.
speaker_heading: 149 ELC GUERRILLA 149
text: unit armed with AK-47s and Light Anti-Tank Weapons
text: (LAWs) infiltrates the town.
scene_heading: 150 ANOTHER TWO-MAN ELC GUERRILLA TEAM 150
text: sets up a single mortar position overlooking the town.
text: One of the men checks his watch. Beat. He signals. The
text: other man drops a MORTAR down the tube. WHUMP.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: 151 TWO MORTARS 151
text: go in the tubes on the truck. WHUMP, WHUMP.
speaker_heading: 152 ANOTHER ANGLE 152
text: BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! A water tower, the Mompos fire
text: station and the town's power supply are direct hits.
scene_heading: WHUMP, WHUMP, WHUMP...
scene_heading: 153 INT. JAIL - CELLS 153
text: People react to the sounds of the MORTAR ATTACK on the
text: town. The lights go out. Brandt, Rocha and their men
text: quickly lock the guerrillas in their cell and head out.
scene_heading: 154 EXT. JAIL 154
text: As MORTARS CONTINUE to fall on the rest of the town, the
text: unit of guerrilla infiltrators open up on the front of
text: the jail with LAW ROCKETS.
scene_heading: 155 EXT./INT. JAIL 155
text: KA-BOOM! The front door and wall of the jail
text: disintegrate under the multiple LAW attack.
speaker_heading: 156 NEW ANGLE 156
text: Brandt, Rocha and the soldiers, approaching the front
text: door inside, are hammered by the massive concussion of
text: the BLAST and flung across the room, apparently dead.
scene_heading: 157 ANOTHER ANGLE 157
text: The powerful, concussive shock-wave channels into the
text: cell area. Gordy's slightly protected by a wall.
text: Armstrong, standing at the bars, is thrown into the
text: opposite wall and knocked unconscious.
speaker_heading: 158 GUERRILLAS 158
text: charge inside with AKs BLAZING. Surviving soldiers and
text: federales SHOOT back.
text: The blasts have caused fires in the building. Severed
text: wires spark, creating more fire. Flames begin to spread
text: through the tinder-dry structure.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: 158 CONTINUED: 158
text: The guerrillas take out the soldiers and federales, with
text: few casualties to themselves. They make their way toward
dialog: the cell area.
text: EXPLODING AMMO and stored FUEL CANS accelerate the fire.
speaker_heading: 159 NEW ANGLE 159
text: The guerrillas reach the cells. Two men see Gordy and
text: draw down on him. The others move to the next cell.
text: Guerrillas plant small explosive charges on the hinges of
text: the cell containing their two captured comrades. Beat.
text: The HINGES BLOW. The beaten man and the rebel with him
text: are freed, and the guerrillas quickly retreat the way
dialog: they came.
text: Gordy sees flames spreading into the cell area.
speaker_heading: 160 GUERRILLAS 160
text: exit the fiery jail past Brandt. We see Brandt's not
dialog: dead.
scene_heading: 161 EXT. MOMPOS STREET - OUTSIDE JAIL 161
text: A truck pulls up. The guerrillas get in. The TRUCK
text: SCREECHES OUT as...
speaker_heading: 162 4X4 162
text: full of sicarios SKIDS onto the street, far ahead of the
text: truck. The sicario driving punches it, and...
speaker_heading: 163 TWO TRUCKS 163
text: ROAR toward each other. A game of chicken. With GUNS.
text: Men in both vehicles OPEN UP -- the sicarios with magnums
text: and Uzis, the guerrillas with AKs. SLUGS RIP through
dialog: automotive steel. Casualties are taken. When...
speaker_heading: 164 SICARIO 164
text: driving the 4x4 receives a round in the forehead, cranks
text: over the steering wheel, and...
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: 165 SPEEDING 4X4 165
text: does a Paris-to-Dakar road rally flip, twisting and
dialog: somersaulting, and...
speaker_heading: 166 NEW ANGLE 166
text: The 4x4 catapults completely over the guerrillas' truck,
text: disintegrating into spare parts and dead occupants, as...
speaker_heading: 167 GUERRILLAS 167
speaker_heading: ROAR off.
scene_heading: 168 EXT./INT. JAIL 168
text: A severely-dazed Brandt, bleeding from the nose and ears,
text: slowly gets to his knees, crawls out of the burning
text: building and collapses outside.
scene_heading: 169 INT. GORDY AND ARMSTRONG'S CELL 169
text: There's fire and smoke everywhere. Gordy picks up the
text: metal bunk and slams it against a wall. Slams it again.
text: Breaks the metal apart. Then levers a long side rail in
text: the cell door. He heaves. Heaves again. The fire's
text: licking at him, but Gordy's undeterred. He heaves again,
dialog: and...
text: This time, the door gives. Gordy picks up Armstrong's
text: cap, then picks up Armstrong, who's starting to come
text: around. Puts Armstrong over his shoulders in a fireman's
dialog: carry.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Don't breathe.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: You're not running through the
dialog: fire, eh?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Close your mouth.
dialog: Because running through the fire is just what Gordy's
text: gonna do. As he disappears into the flames...
scene_heading: 170 EXT. JAIL - NIGHT 170
text: The town's in complete chaos. There are fires
dialog: everywhere.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: 170 CONTINUED: 170
text: Still stunned and bleeding, Brandt looks from where he
text: lies on the ground as...
text: Gordy bursts out of the inferno carrying Armstrong.
text: They're singed and smoking, but they're alive. Gordy
text: drops Armstrong, pats himself and Armstrong down,
text: knocking out the burning embers on their clothes and
dialog: hair, when...
text: Gordy's eyes meet Brandt's. The two men hold the look
text: for a moment. If Brandt could speak, he'd be yelling at
text: Gordy to stop, not to go on. And Gordy knows it. But
text: Gordy's not stopping. Picks up Armstrong again and moves
text: off toward the waterfront.
scene_heading: 171 EXT. MOMPOS WATERFRONT - NIGHT 171
text: There's less chaos here. The fires are in the distance.
text: Gordy arrives carrying Armstrong. Sets him down.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: I'll find a boat to take us
text: upriver.
text: He starts to go. Armstrong stops him.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: No. I told you. The pass is only
dialog: good for one person. And you're
dialog: too dangerous to travel with.
text: Beat. Gordy reaches over and takes Armstrong's cap. He
text: looks inside. There's no pass.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: It hasn't been there since we
dialog: landed.
text: Gordy's at a loss. He tosses the cap back. Just looks
text: at Armstrong. Beat. Armstrong sighs.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: Aw, hell... I was through with
dialog: this place anyway...
text: He takes off a boot. Shakes out some money and the pass.
text: He hands the pass to Gordy.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: 171 CONTINUED: 171
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: I'll call ahead and tell Felix I'm
dialog: not coming, and you're my
dialog: replacement. He'll meet you in
dialog: Caguan and take you to the
dialog: plantation... What do you know
dialog: about diesel engines?
speaker_heading: GORDY
text: All the fire trucks are diesels.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: You'll have to be Austrian, eh?
dialog: They hate Americans. Name's gotta
dialog: change, too, in case they're
text: watching the news.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It'll buy you a little time to
dialog: look around Caguan. But you'll
dialog: never find The Wolf.
text: Beat. Gordy sticks out his hand.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Heinrich Beckmann.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: Huh?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: My Austrian name.
text: Armstrong shakes hands with Gordy. Armstrong doesn't
text: let loose right away. Beat.
speaker_heading: ARMSTRONG
dialog: Luck got you this far. But up
dialog: there, luck doesn't make it.
dialog: I hope you know you're gonna die.
text: OFF Gordy, about to step over another line...
scene_heading: 172 EXT. RIVER - VARIOUS SHOTS - DAY 172
text: As dawn breaks over the river, FIND Gordy sitting in a
text: motored panga being steered by a local BOATMAN. Gordy
text: reaches into a pocket and pulls out the photo of Anne and
text: Matt. He looks at it for a few moments. Then pockets it
dialog: again.
scene_heading: 173 SAME SCENE - LATER 173
text: The panga passes a dead body floating downstream.
dialog: 66.
scene_heading: 174 SAME SCENE - LATER 174
text: The panga passes revolutionary banners and signs lining
text: the riverbank.
speaker_heading: BOATMAN
dialog: La zona guerrillera.
scene_heading: 175 SAME SCENE - MOMENTS LATER 175
text: The panga rounds a bend, and...
text: Two souped-up bass boats filled with heavily-armed ELC
text: guerrillas move to intercept it.
text: The Boatman slows, puts the panga in neutral and keeps
text: his hands in sight.
text: One boat of guerrillas pulls alongside. The other sheers
text: off and stops a short distance away, ready to open fire.
text: Gordy shows the guerrillas his travel pass. One of them
text: takes it. Reads. Looks Gordy over. Then starts to rip
dialog: the pass in half, when...
text: He stops. Grins. It's a big joke. He hands back the
text: pass, searches the boat quickly and waves the panga on.
text: OFF Gordy's relief as the panga heads on...
scene_heading: 176 EXT. CAGUAN TOWN DOCK - DAY 176
text: The panga arrives, and Gordy gets out. He's met by
text: FELIX. Felix has a 9mm in a shoulder holster. Felix
text: doesn't look the least bit happy.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Beckmann.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Come with me.
text: Felix leads him towards a Land Cruiser.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Armstrong should have called
dialog: sooner. We don't like changes
dialog: here... If I didn't need the
dialog: equipment fixed, I'd send you
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: 176 CONTINUED: 176
text: They reach the Land Cruiser.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: But now we have to see the E.L.C.
dialog: Supervisor for Caguan.
text: It's a prospect that seems to concern Felix almost as
text: much as Gordy. Off which, as they get into the Toyota...
scene_heading: 177 INT. ELC SUPERVISOR'S OFFICE - DAY 177
text: The ELC SUPERVISOR for Caguan may be a Marxist, but the
text: clean, well-ordered office is nicely appointed, with a
text: big-screen Sony and leather furniture. The TV's TUNED TO
text: CNN. A photo on the wall depicts him as a younger man
text: wearing guerrilla cammies bearing with an ELC patch and
text: holding an AK-47. A brass nameplate reading "Supervisor"
text: rests on a neat desk, behind which stands the man himself
text: -- a hardened, former guerrilla fighter proud of his
text: position. He's not in cammies now -- his uniform now
text: consists of casual but nice tropical clothing and a fat
dialog: Rolex.
text: Felix is a subordinate here. He and Gordy stand across
text: the desk as the Supervisor examines Gordy's travel pass.
text: Gordy's nervous about what could appear on the TV in the
text: b.g., but tries not to show it.
speaker_heading: ELC SUPERVISOR
dialog: Your passport was stolen.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: In Mompos.
speaker_heading: ELC SUPERVISOR
dialog: ... Mompos is a shithole. Not
dialog: like Caguan... Why didn't
dialog: Armstrong come?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: He was arrested in Ecuador. He
dialog: got drunk and fooled around with a
text: police officer's wife.
text: The Supervisor just looks at him, assessing Gordy's face
text: for signs he's lying. Gordy's expression stays the same.
text: Felix respectfully interjects. It's almost a plea.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: We need to fix the equipment. We
dialog: have delivery deadlines to meet.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: 177 CONTINUED: 177
text: A long beat. The ELC Supervisor hands the travel pass
text: back to Gordy. In a hard tone to Felix --
speaker_heading: ELC SUPERVISOR
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: He's your responsibility. Don't
dialog: let him out of your sight.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Si. Gracias.
text: As Felix leads Gordy away...
scene_heading: 178 INT./EXT. LAND CRUISER (CAGUAN) - DAY 178
text: Gordy and Felix pull away from the Supervisor's H.Q.
text: Felix resumes his former tone of command.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: The Supervisor made you my
dialog: responsibility... You don't go
dialog: anywhere without me, you
dialog: understand?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: No problemo.
text: Gordy peers out the window intently as they drive,
text: looking for a lucky break, looking for The Wolf,
text: searching the face of every man. He doesn't see The
text: Wolf, but what he does see surprises him. The ELC
dialog: Supervisor was right: Caguan's no Mompos. It's a third-
text: world town, armed troops are visible, and there's a lot
dialog: of bad shit behind Colombia's revolutionaries, but here
text: the streets are calm and orderly. It's quiet, almost
text: eerie, as people go about their business. OFF Gordy,
dialog: seeing another side of the guerrillas...
scene_heading: 179 INT./EXT. LAND CRUISER/COUNTRY ROAD - DAY 179
text: Felix turns off at the entrance to a lane leading to the
text: plantation. The entrance is guarded by a 4X4 "Rat
text: Patrol" assault truck and four heavily armed ELC
dialog: guerrillas.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: The E.L.C. guards your coffee
dialog: beans?
text: Felix thinks he's joking. Until he looks over and sees
text: Gordy's actually being sincere.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: 179 CONTINUED: 179
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: ... Coffee beans? Shit.
dialog: Armstrong didn't tell you much...
scene_heading: 180 INT./EXT. LAND CRUISER - PLANTATION - DAY 180
text: They approach a hacienda and outbuildings. The
text: accoutrements of agriculture are present -- tractors,
text: sheds, cats, etc. -- but clearly, this is no family farm.
text: There are lots of serious-looking men around. More ELC
text: guerrillas stand guard.
speaker_heading: 181 FELIX 181
text: stops the car. He and Gordy get out. Felix begins
text: leading Gordy toward two rows of long, open-walled sheds.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: The problem's with the diesel
dialog: generators. The sons-of-bitches
dialog: keep breaking down.
speaker_heading: 182 NEW ANGLE 182
text: They pass four very large pits, where green leaves steep
text: in a thick, foul-smelling liquid.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: We're using portables to keep
dialog: production going, but they don't
dialog: supply enough power to the heat
dialog: lamps, and we have to dry a lot
dialog: of... 'coffee beans.'
scene_heading: 183 ANOTHER ANGLE 183
text: They're now walking between the two rows of sheds, where
text: portable gas GENERATORS THRUM, and...
text: Gordy can see long, wide platforms inside. Above the
text: platforms are multiple arrays of powerful heat lamps.
text: Spread out and drying beneath them is a half-acre or two
dialog: of converted cocaine.
scene_heading: 184 IN ANOTHER SHED 184
text: workers pack and wrap one-kilo bricks of coke for
dialog: shipment.
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: 185 GORDY AND FELIX 185
text: approach the two giant diesel generators.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: We can fix anything, but these
dialog: keep dying on us... You'll start
dialog: now. I'll have tools brought to
dialog: you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Armstrong's a magician with them.
dialog: Let's hope you have his skill.
text: Felix walks over to a guerrilla with an AK-47 and speaks
text: to him. Then goes. Whereupon the guerrilla crosses to
text: Gordy and takes up a sentry position over him.
scene_heading: 186 SAME SCENE - LATER 186
text: Gordy has the diesels partially dismantled. The
text: guerrilla sentry is still right there. Felix returns.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Well?
text: Gordy has to think of something fast. Beat. He throws a
text: machine part against a wall angrily.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: I can't work with these pieces of
dialog: junk.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Junk? These generators cost a
dialog: fortune.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Then treat them that way.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: (beat, then)
dialog: Armstrong always fixes them.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Armstrong wants your money. He
dialog: makes them work, but he doesn't
dialog: fix them... To do this right, we
dialog: gotta order parts from Europe.
dialog: In the meantime, I can make
dialog: something temporary. There must
dialog: be a machine shop in town.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: ... Yes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: 186 CONTINUED: 186
text: Gordy stands.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Let's go.
text: OFF Felix, forced to acquiesce...
scene_heading: 187 INT./EXT. LAND CRUISER (CAGUAN) - VARIOUS SHOTS - DAY 187
text: Felix is driving. Again, Gordy uses the opportunity to
text: look for The Wolf. It's a long-shot, and he knows it.
dialog: But it's all he can do.
scene_heading: 188 EMPTY STOREFRONT 188
text: They pass an empty storefront. A sign on the large,
text: front plate glass window says "Cine" and "Sabado."
speaker_heading: 189 BAR 189
text: They pass a bar. Felix watches it go by with something
text: like a look of desire. Gordy registers the look and the
text: connection to the bar.
scene_heading: 190 INT. MACHINE SHOP - VARIOUS SHOTS - DAY 190
text: Gordy selects spare parts.
text: A clerk wraps the parts in an old newspaper, and...
text: Gordy realizes his picture is on the paper. He smears
text: grease from his hands over it.
scene_heading: 191 EXT. MACHINE SHOP - DAY 191
text: Gordy finishes loading the parts into the Land Cruiser.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Let's get moving.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: I'm thirsty. How about you? Want
dialog: to get something to drink?
text: Felix pauses. We see the look of desire again. Gordy's
text: definitely struck a chord. But Felix quickly stifles it.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: We have to get back.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: 191 CONTINUED: 191
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: I've been working all day out in
dialog: the sun. I need a drink... nice
dialog: cold beer? How about it? I saw a
dialog: bar in town.
text: Felix really wants to, but still hesitates.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: With the spare parts, I'll have
dialog: the generators running in two
dialog: hours... We have time for a
dialog: couple beers.
dialog: Beat. Finally --
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Okay. Just a beer. Maybe two.
scene_heading: 192 INT. BAR - NIGHT 192
dialog: They've had a lot more than two beers. Felix has,
text: anyway. He's drunk. He's also in love with a waitress
text: on his lap, a cute gordita named BERTA. He pats her.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: This is mine. This is the reason
dialog: I come here... right, Berta? Me
dialog: amas?
speaker_heading: BERTA
dialog: (playing along)
dialog: Si, amor.
text: Somebody whistles for a drink, and Berta goes.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: ... She's hot, isn't she?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Yeah.
text: Long beat. Gordy makes the play he's been contemplating.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Armstrong said to watch my butt
dialog: around here. I guess the fucking
text: Americans come down and shoot
dialog: everyone all the time.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Especially now, since the bomb in
dialog: New York.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: 192 CONTINUED: 192
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Yeah, I heard about it. Who did
dialog: it?
dialog: Felix is just loose enough.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: The Wolf, and they'll never catch
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Ever see him?
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Once.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: (beat; eyes Gordy)
dialog: If you know too much around here,
dialog: it can get you killed.
text: Gordy's gotten all he'll get from Felix. He feigns
text: nonchalance, smiles.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Tell me what doesn't get you
dialog: killed around here.
text: Gordy takes a swig of beer. When...
text: Gordy sees the Beaten Man from the jail in Mompos. The
text: man has just walked in with another guerrilla.
text: Gordy barely avoids being seen as the guerrillas cross
text: the room. At the bar, the bartender puts out two crates
text: of beer. The guerrillas take the beer and head out. No
dialog: money's changed hands. When they're gone, to Felix --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: We'd better get back, huh?
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: (checks his watch)
dialog: ... Shit. It's late.
scene_heading: 193 EXT. BAR - NIGHT 193
text: The two guerrillas are just driving away in a big-
text: wheeled, high ground-clearance Suburban as Gordy and
text: Felix emerge. Felix is weaving.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: 193 CONTINUED: 193
text: Gordy keeps his eyes on the Suburban's tail lights and
text: opens the Land Cruiser's passenger door for Felix.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: You're too drunk. I'll drive.
scene_heading: 194 EXT./INT. LAND CRUISER 194
text: Gordy gets in. Felix hands Gordy the keys. Then slumps
text: against his door and closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: One day, I'm going to screw Berta.
text: Gordy STARTS the CAR and drives after the Suburban.
scene_heading: 195 EXT./INT. LAND CRUISER (CAGUAN) - NIGHT 195
text: Gordy follows the Suburban as Felix rambles --
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: ... I'll take her to a small
dialog: restaurant... We'll have lobster
dialog: and drink lots of wine... I'll get
dialog: her drunk... We'll drive home...
dialog: I'll carry her inside... I'll kiss
dialog: her... And then, I'll screw her in
dialog: my bed...
text: The Suburban pulls up next to a house. There are armed
text: guerrilla guards outside.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: ... And when I am done screwing
dialog: her, she'll never want to look at
dialog: another man again...
text: Gordy drives past the house as the Beaten Man and the
text: guerrilla with him get out of the Suburban and start
text: carrying the beer inside. And a moment later...
text: Felix comes around with a start.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: What the fuck are you doing?!
text: He unholsters the 9mm and points it at Gordy.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Hey, easy... What's the problem?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: 195 CONTINUED: 195
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: You're going the wrong goddamn
dialog: way!
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: I am?... Looks different in the
dialog: dark...
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Turn around!
text: Gordy turns the car around. Felix keeps the gun on him.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: You drive where I say... Or the
dialog: Supervisor will have us both shot.
text: Gordy drives back. They approach the Suburban and the
text: house once more. This time it's on Felix' side. Felix
text: gives the guerrilla guards a wave as they go by, and...
text: Gordy's eyes go to something he couldn't see coming the
text: other way: a large propane tank next to the house.
scene_heading: 196 EXT. PLANTATION - VARIOUS SHOTS - NIGHT 196
text: The work in the sheds continues. Heat lamps dry down the
text: long tables of coke.
scene_heading: 197 GUERRILLA GUARDS 197
text: are more vigilant at night, patrolling the grounds with
dialog: posted teams.
scene_heading: 198 WORK LIGHTS 198
text: illuminate the two big diesel generators as Gordy
text: continues his overhaul. He has two sentries now. One
text: wears a combat vest, and as Gordy works, his eyes go to
text: the grenades hanging on the vest's front.
scene_heading: 199 EXT. PLANTATION - DIESEL GENERATORS - DAY 199
text: The sun's over the yardarm now, blazing hot, and Gordy's
text: still working under the watchful eyes of the guards.
text: Nearby, a group of guerrillas is playing soccer, when...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: 199 CONTINUED: 199
text: A man is injured, and his teammates call for one of
text: Gordy's guards to substitute. The man in the combat vest
text: responds. The game is shirts and skins, and he's joining
text: the skins. Puts down his AK, strips off his combat vest
text: and shirt, and runs in.
text: Gordy's eyes go to the vest and the attached grenades.
text: With the other guard still watching him closely, however,
dialog: there's nothing Gordy can do.
scene_heading: 200 SAME SCENE - LATER 200
text: The soccer game rages back and forth. Suddenly, an open
text: man gets the ball. Breaks toward the goal.
text: Gordy sees the player about to go one-on-one with the
text: goalie. He cheers the action loudly, whereupon...
text: Gordy's guard turns to see what's happening, and...
text: Gordy grabs a grenade. Almost gets it into a tool box,
dialog: when...
text: The player kicks wide, the guard looks back, and...
text: Gordy covers the clattering of the grenade's dropping
text: into the tool box by picking up a large wrench... But the
text: grenade's still visible as now...
text: Felix comes around the corner. He's sleepy and hungover.
text: And pissed by Gordy's lack of progress.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: It's afternoon. Yesterday, you
dialog: said it would only take two more
dialog: hours.
text: Gordy wipes his hands on a rag, throws it on the grenade.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: I have this one ready to go.
text: Gordy reaches up and hits the start button on the
text: GENERATOR. It SPUTTERS, but won't catch. Felix just
text: looks at him. Gordy makes an adjustment, and...
text: This time, the ENGINE TURNS OVER. PURRS like new. The
text: heat lamps brighten in a row of sheds. Felix winces as
text: the DIESEL ROAR makes the hangover hammers in his head
dialog: pound even harder.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: What about the other one?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: 200 CONTINUED: 200
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: I just need another part from
text: town, and it's five more minutes.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: ... Shit. Fine. Let's go.
text: Gordy grabs the tool box.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Why're you bringing the tool box?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: The old part's in there. I need
text: to match it, and it's all greasy.
text: Felix buys it and heads off. As Gordy follows him...
scene_heading: 201 EXT./INT. LAND CRUISER (CAGUAN) - VARIOUS SHOTS - DAY 201
text: They pass the "Cine" in the storefront. The ELC
text: Supervisor's big-screen TV is being wheeled in.
speaker_heading: 202 GORDY 202
text: sees an attractive woman playing with some children.
scene_heading: 203 GORDY AND FELIX 203
text: drive past the bar. Gordy notices Felix doesn't even
text: glance at it.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Berta working today?
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Ha! Puta!
dialog: We see that, whatever this means, it's an unexpected
dialog: complication for Gordy.
scene_heading: 204 INT. MACHINE SHOP - VARIOUS SHOTS - DAY 204
text: Gordy chooses the spare part.
text: The clerk wraps the part in newspaper.
dialog: 78.
scene_heading: 205 EXT. MACHINE SHOP - DAY 205
text: Gordy loads the part into the Land Cruiser. To Felix --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: You as thirsty as I am?
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: No.
text: Felix gets into the Land Cruiser.
scene_heading: 206 EXT./INT. LAND CRUISER (CAGUAN) - DAY 206
text: Gordy climbs in. Felix starts driving. Gordy's down to
dialog: final straws.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: We can't stop for one beer?
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: There's beer at the plantation.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: (thinking fast)
dialog: There's no Berta at the
dialog: plantation. I like drinking beer
dialog: around pretty girls, not a bunch
text: of guys with automatic rifles.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: To hell with Berta.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: What happened? Last night you
dialog: were in love with her.
text: There's a beat. Felix glances at Gordy. Decides it's
dialog: safe to confide.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: ... I had a dream... I fed her
dialog: lobster, got her drunk, and she
dialog: rejected me for another man.
dialog: (off Gordy's look)
dialog: Dreams tell the future.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: ... That wasn't a dream, that was
dialog: the alcohol talking... You saying
dialog: two men can't go have a beer and
dialog: look at women's breasts because
dialog: of pink elephants?... Nothing
dialog: makes any sense down here.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: 206 CONTINUED: 206
text: Felix pulls out his .9mm. Gordy doesn't blink an eye.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Go ahead and shoot me, and you
dialog: fix the goddamn generator. Part's
text: in the back.
dialog: Beat. OFF Felix, thinking it all over...
scene_heading: 207 INT. BAR - NIGHT 207
text: A replay of last night. Felix is pretty wasted. Berta's
text: in his lap again. In Spanish --
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: You know I'm your man, baby.
text: Someone whistles for a drink. Berta starts to stand.
text: Gordy slips her twenty US dollars to stay. She does.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: I have to piss.
text: Gordy crosses, exits into the bano.
scene_heading: 208 EXT. BAR - BACK - MOMENTS LATER 208
text: Gordy drops out the bathroom window.
scene_heading: 209 EXT./INT. LAND CRUISER - MOMENTS LATER 209
text: Gordy gets the grenade from the tool box. He slides it
text: just inside the top of his pants, with the spoon hooked
text: over the waistband. He finds some wire. Then searches
text: for something else. Finds a piece of string and checks
dialog: its length. From Gordy's reaction, we understand it's
dialog: too short.
text: Gordy opens doors and checks seat pockets. Nothing. He
text: checks the glove box. No long string there, either. But
text: he does find two rubber bands. Gordy studies them a
text: moment, thinking. Tests their elasticity. Then pulls
text: out the Zippo and thumbs it. The lighter still works.
text: As Gordy pockets everything and walks off...
scene_heading: 210 EXT. CAGUAN - VARIOUS SHOTS - NIGHT 210
text: Gordy steals through town, hiding when he sees someone
text: coming. He's re-tracing the route he took the night
text: before, when he followed the Beaten Man's Suburban.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: 211 "CINE" 211
text: He passes the "Cine" in the storefront. A movie's
text: beginning to play on the supervisor's big-screen TV. The
text: place is packed. No one sees Gordy, who moves on.
speaker_heading: 212 GORDY 212
text: continues to make his way through Caguan, when...
text: He rounds a corner, and there's a four-man ELC patrol,
text: two in a truck and two out. Gordy turns, starts heading
dialog: back, when...
text: One of the GUERRILLAS calls to him.
speaker_heading: GUERRILLA
dialog: Alto!
text: Gordy stops. The two standing men walk toward him. The
text: other two men get out of the truck to provide backup.
text: One guerrilla approaching Gordy stops short and stands
text: off, cocked-and-locked, as the other comes up. Gordy
text: carefully produces the travel pass. The guerrilla looks
dialog: it over. In butchered Spanish --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Yo trabajo con Felix. Felix --
dialog: (indicates)
dialog: -- la cantina. Con Berta.
dialog: The attractive woman we saw earlier playing with the
text: children now walks up holding the hand of a small boy. A
text: guerrilla waves them on. The woman and boy hustle by,
text: glancing at the face of this big gringo in trouble as
text: they pass. They hurry on toward the nearby "Cine."
text: OFF Gordy, as the guerrilla indicates for him to start
text: walking to the truck...
scene_heading: 213 INT. BAR - NIGHT 213
text: The guerrilla patrol has taken Gordy to Felix, still
text: sitting with Berta in his lap.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Are you trying to get us both
dialog: killed?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: I went for a walk. I figured you
dialog: wanted to be alone with Berta.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: 213 CONTINUED: 213
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: (to the guerrillas;
dialog: in Spanish)
dialog: I'll make sure he's on a shorter
dialog: leash.
text: The patrol leader looks at Felix hard. Then nods. The
text: guerrillas go. Felix dumps Berta onto her feet, stands.
text: Felix looks at Gordy, shakes his head.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: Shit...
scene_heading: 214 INT. LAND CRUISER - NIGHT 214
text: Gordy and Felix get in.
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: You're working all night,
dialog: Beckmann. That generator gets
dialog: fixed, and you're out of my hair
text: in the morning.
text: Felix jams the car in drive.
text: Gordy looks down, sees the spoon of the grenade exposed.
text: As he readjusts his shirt to cover the spoon...
scene_heading: 215 EXT. PLANTATION - DIESEL GENERATORS - NIGHT 215
text: Felix is right there supervising for himself as Gordy
text: finishes working. Gordy stands. He stares hopefully at
text: the MACHINE. Then pushes the starter, and... VRROOM!
text: The heat lights in the second row of sheds brighten.
text: Gordy turns to Felix.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: That make you happy?
dialog: No response.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Where's my money?
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: You'll get it in the morning.
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: 216 INT. HACIENDA - STOREROOM - NIGHT 216
text: Felix yanks the dangling cord and turns on the lights.
text: The room's a mess. All kinds of rubbish. There's a
text: washtub sink. There's a cot.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: This where Armstrong stays?
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: This is where you stay... A boat
dialog: will take you down river at seven.
text: Felix closes the door. We hear a LOCK TURNING. Gordy
text: moves to the door and tries it. It's definitely locked.
text: Through a small window, he can see the lights in the
text: sheds and the ever-vigilant nighttime ELC sentries
text: patrolling the grounds. The DIESELS ROAR in the b.g.
text: Gordy turns back. Readjusts the grenade digging into his
text: belly, then hooks it back inside his pants. He turns off
text: the light. Moves to the adobe wall opposite the door.
text: THROUGH another small window, he can see it's dark in
dialog: this direction.
text: Gordy rummages through the refuse lying around the room.
text: We see some rubber tubing. We see some rope. Gordy
text: finally finds a piece of sharp metal. He moves to the
text: wall with the window. With the DIESELS covering the
text: noise, Gordy starts chiseling away at the adobe.
scene_heading: 217 EXT. PLANTATION - NIGHT 217
text: The big-wheeled guerrilla Suburban drives in.
scene_heading: 218 INT. STOREROOM 218
text: Gordy is making slow progress through the wall, when he
text: hears the VEHICLE arrive. He moves to the window by the
text: door and looks out. Sees the Suburban. Four guerrillas
text: are getting out, including the Beaten Man. Felix meets
text: them. The Beaten Man exchanges words with Felix. Felix
text: indicates Gordy's room. As the Beaten Man continues to
dialog: question Felix...
text: Gordy realizes he's fucked. He can't get through the
text: wall fast enough. His eyes go to water dripping from a
text: pipe leading to the washtub sink. He moves to it. Finds
text: the water pipe underneath that feeds the tap. Cranks
text: shut the master valve on the pipe. Wraps his hands
text: around the pipe and pulls. Nothing. Jams his feet
text: against the wall for leverage and pulls harder... And
text: this time, he yanks the pipe free from the sink. He
text: finds the rubber hose. Fits an end over the pipe.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: 218 CONTINUED: 218
text: Quickly lashes it on with some wire. Then cranks on the
text: master valve. High-pressure water streams from the hose.
text: Gordy sneaks a peek out the window. The Beaten Man's
text: still questioning Felix. The sound of the hose water is
text: being covered by the DIESELS.
text: Gordy crosses the room, extending the hose to the hole
text: he's made in the wall. He aims the stream at the hole.
text: Thumbs the end of the hose to make the water jet even
text: harder... And watches the jet begin eating away at the
text: old adobe and brick, just as it ate through the crumbling
text: plaster in the Spanish Harlem tenement.
scene_heading: 219 EXT. PLANTATION 219
text: The Beaten Man finishes with Felix. Felix begins leading
text: the guerrillas toward the storeroom.
scene_heading: 220 INT. STOREROOM 220
text: Gordy's made progress, but hasn't broken through yet.
dialog: And he won't, not in enough time. Under his breath --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Come on, baby... come on, baby...
dialog: And just then...
scene_heading: 221 EXT. PLANTATION 221
text: WHAM-WHAM-WHAM, one of the DIESELS Gordy repaired suffers
text: a spectacularly loud internal breakdown. The heat lights
text: dim in a row of sheds. Felix and the guerrillas stop to
text: see what's happening. At which point, the generator now
text: BURSTS into FLAMES.
dialog: 222 BACK TO GORDY 222
text: He smiles.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Just in time...
dialog: And we realize that he'd planned on the diversion, as...
text: The water jet breaks through. The hole's still small.
text: Gordy begins to widen it.
dialog: 84.
scene_heading: 223 EXT. PLANTATION 223
text: Felix, the Beaten Man and the other guerrillas resume
text: their march toward the storeroom.
text: They reach the storeroom. Water's pouring out under the
text: door. Felix unlocks the door and opens it to find...
scene_heading: 224 INT. STOREROOM 224
text: Gordy's gone. The Beaten Man signals two men to go out
dialog: the hole. To the other man --
speaker_heading: BEATEN MAN
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Organize the others. Find him.
text: The man goes. Outside, we hear him SHOUT orders to the
text: guerrillas guarding the plantation. The Beaten Man turns
text: to Felix. Felix is terrified. In a pleading tone --
speaker_heading: FELIX
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: He can't be far. You'll catch --
text: BANG! The Beaten Man SHOOTS Felix in the head. Then
text: exits. OFF Felix, dead, his blood mixing with the water
text: still streaming across the floor...
scene_heading: 225 EXT. PLANTATION - MOMENTS LATER 225
text: The guerrillas report to the Beaten Man. They can't find
dialog: Gordy. To the men guarding the plantation --
speaker_heading: BEATEN MAN
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Keep looking.
text: He signals his men to come with him. They get into the
dialog: Suburban. Whereupon we FIND...
speaker_heading: 226 UNDER SUBURBAN 226
text: Gordy's hanging onto the chassis. With the large tires
text: and high ground-clearance, there's just enough room to
text: get his legs over the rear axle. He's just finishing
text: rigging up a rope he took from the store room -- the
text: rope's slung from one side of the chassis to the other,
text: to support Gordy's back. He hears the ENGINE START,
text: grabs the transfer case, and...
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: 227 SUBURBAN 227
text: ROARS off with Gordy suspended below.
text: The rear DRIVE SHAFT WHIRS madly, inches from Gordy's
text: face. And, with each bump in the road, even with heavy-
text: duty off-road shocks and springs, the undercarriage of
text: the Suburban comes within inches of crushing Gordy's
text: legs. ROCKS are PINGING everywhere. The dirt and the
text: dust are choking. Even for a short distance, it's going
dialog: to be a long, dangerous ride.
scene_heading: 228 EXT. SUBURBAN (CAGUAN) - NIGHT 228
text: As the TRUCK BLASTS down back roads and through the
dialog: darkened town...
speaker_heading: 229 GORDY 229
text: continues to suffer underneath. Even with the rope
text: supporting him, he has to hold on with two hands.
text: A vicious jolt suddenly loosens a grenade. It starts to
text: slip free. Gordy can't stop it without letting go. The
dialog: grenade falls, and...
text: Gordy shoots out a hand and grabs it. Barely. The spoon
text: just hanging on the end of his fingertips. Gordy can't
text: use his other hand to get it. He needs the hand to hold
text: onto the car. The grenade begins to slip. He's going to
dialog: lose it. And just as it falls...
text: Gordy does the only thing left. He slips a finger
text: through the loops of the grenade pin. Just barely snags
text: the grenade before it drops to the road. And then...
text: Carefully, slowly -- praying that each bump doesn't jar
text: the grenade off the pin -- with his other arm shaking and
text: screaming in pain as he maintains a grip on the transfer
text: case -- Gordy eases the grenade back onto his stomach,
text: where he gets a better grip. Jams the grenade back.
text: Then grabs onto the undercarriage once more, in time to
text: relieve the muscle-tearing strain on his arm.
scene_heading: 230 ABOVE GORDY'S WORLD 230
text: the Suburban passes the "Cine." The movie's over, just
text: letting out.
scene_heading: 231 EXT. GUERRILLA HOUSE - NIGHT 231
text: The Suburban pulls up to the well-guarded house Gordy saw
text: the night before. The men get out and go inside, leaving
text: the SUBURBAN RUNNING, clearly planning to leave again
dialog: right away.
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: 232 GORDY 232
text: carefully lowers himself to the ground. Slides out on
text: the side away from the house. Hides behind a large
text: wheel. The brightly-lit house is surrounded by coconut
text: trees. Gordy watches the guards. When the guards aren't
text: looking, he runs to the nearest tree. The sounds of the
text: SUBURBAN'S ENGINE covers his footsteps.
speaker_heading: 233 TREES 233
text: Gordy moves from tree to tree when the guards aren't
text: looking, when he reaches one tree, and...
speaker_heading: 234 NEW ANGLE 234
text: THUNK! A coconut hits the ground next to him, and...
text: One of the guards comes to investigate.
text: The guard gets closer. Gordy inches around the tree. He
text: can't get away without being seen. He nudges the coconut
text: with his toe. Nudges it harder, causing it slowly to
dialog: roll away, and...
text: The guard picks it up. Never sees Gordy in the shadow of
text: the tree, pressed against the trunk. The guard shows the
text: coconut to a guard near the house, then walks back.
speaker_heading: 235 GORDY 235
text: sneaks to another tree. Then reaches the house. He
text: moves to a window. Peers into a room. No one's there.
text: But we hear the sound of VOICES. Gordy creeps along the
text: wall. Looks into another room, and...
speaker_heading: 236 INSIDE 236
text: is a group of ELC guerrillas, including the Beaten Man,
text: packing suitcases, etc. Leaving in a hurry.
speaker_heading: 237 GORDY 237
text: scans the faces. Except for the Beaten Man, no face is
text: familiar. A man with his BACK TO us stands, and there's
dialog: nothing familiar about him, either. When...
speaker_heading: 238 ANOTHER ANGLE 238
text: Directly in front of us, another man emerges from a room.
text: He's also in ELC guerrilla camo.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: 238 CONTINUED: 238
text: OFF Gordy, looking intently at the man.
scene_heading: 239 FLASHBACK - SURVEILLANCE TAPE 239
text: The face of the cop outside the consulate.
speaker_heading: 240 MAN (PRESENT) 240
text: in the room. His face looms larger as he ADVANCES
dialog: TOWARDS us.
scene_heading: 241 FLASHBACK - COP'S FACE 241
text: when he bumped into Gordy on E. 64th Street.
speaker_heading: 242 CLOSE ON MAN (PRESENT) 242
text: in the room. It's the same face.
dialog: 243 BACK TO GORDY 243
dialog: He's found The Wolf, when...
text: Suddenly, a guard appears, and...
text: Gordy freezes. Eases into the shadows. His dirty face
text: and clothes blend in just enough. The guard moves past.
scene_heading: 244 ANOTHER ANGLE 244
text: When the coast is clear, Gordy moves to the large propane
text: tank. He takes out the grenade. Puts the rubber bands
text: around it, spoon and all. Grips the grenade in his hand,
text: holding the spoon down, and yanks the pin. And then...
text: Slowly, slowly, Gordy begins releasing his grip, allowing
text: the rubber bands to take on the pressure of the spring-
dialog: loaded spoon. If they'll do it... if the spoon goes now,
text: Gordy's going up in the blast.
text: Gordy continues to relax his grip. The rubber bands
dialog: stretch. Stretch more. Keep stretching until they're
text: barely holding the spoon... but they're holding it.
text: Gordy quickly, carefully wires the grenade to the propane
text: tank. Then takes out the Zippo, pulls it apart and
text: removes the lighter fluid-soaked cotton. Holds the
text: cotton just above the grenade and squeezes with his
dialog: fingers. And...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: 244 CONTINUED: 244
text: Lighter fluid drops onto the rubber bands. Gordy
text: squeezes out as much as he can onto them.
text: Then Gordy gets the hell out of there. He finds cover.
text: Ducks down. And waits.
scene_heading: 245 CLOSEUP - GRENADE 245
text: The lighter fluid is dissolving the rubber bands.
dialog: 246 BACK TO SCENE 246
text: Gordy suddenly hears a woman's gentle SINGING. He looks
text: in the direction of the sound, and...
text: Gordy sees the attractive Woman and the boy approaching
text: on the road. She's singing a gentle song in Spanish.
text: Gordy's eyes flash with alarm. He glances at the house.
scene_heading: 247 CLOSEUP - GRENADE 247
text: The lighter fluid continues dissolving the rubber bands,
text: which are now beginning to lose their elasticity and
text: stretch from the pressure of the spoon.
text: 248 BACK TO SCENE 248
text: Gordy looks back at the Woman and boy, closer now,
text: walking toward the house.
scene_heading: 249 FLASHBACK - NEW YORK 249
text: Anne and Matt wave to him across Madison Avenue.
scene_heading: 250 BACK TO SCENE (PRESENT) 250
text: Gordy sees the Woman pull the boy close to her, lovingly.
scene_heading: 251 FLASHBACK - NEW YORK 251
text: The BOMB EXPLODES, and Anne moves to protect Matt.
scene_heading: 252 CLOSE ON GORDY (PRESENT) 252
text: He realizes the horror of what will happen. And...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: 252 CONTINUED: 252
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Gordy bursts from his hiding place.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: No! Stop! Alto!
text: The Woman and Boy look over in alarm, see Gordy running
text: toward them and yelling.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Get back!
scene_heading: 253 INSERT - GRENADE 253
text: The rubber bands are about to break.
scene_heading: 254 BACK TO SCENE 254
text: The Woman sees Gordy. Screams toward the house --
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Claudio!!
speaker_heading: 255 GUARDS 255
text: see Gordy running. They OPEN FIRE.
speaker_heading: 256 MEN 256
text: pile out of the house.
speaker_heading: 257 GUARDS 257
text: STOP FIRING. Gordy's too close to the Woman and Boy now.
speaker_heading: 258 GORDY 258
text: reaches the Woman and Boy now. Pulls them down. Covers
text: them protectively with his body, when...
speaker_heading: 259 NEW ANGLE 259
text: KA-BOOM! A gigantic EXPLOSION lights up the night and
text: utterly destroys the house.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: 260 DEBRIS 260
text: rains down for what seems like forever. Dust fills the
dialog: air.
speaker_heading: 261 GORDY 261
text: opens his eyes. Gets to his hands and knees. Sees the
dialog: Woman and Boy are safe, when...
text: A vicious kick in the ribs lifts Gordy off the ground,
text: rolling him away from the Woman and child.
speaker_heading: THE WOLF
dialog: You bastard!
text: The Wolf's alive and unhurt. Angrily punts Gordy again.
speaker_heading: THE WOLF
dialog: You think you can kill The Wolf?!
text: A boot in the face this time.
speaker_heading: THE WOLF
dialog: You think you can kill The Wolf?!
text: A piece of paper has fallen from one of Gordy's pockets
text: and fluttered to the ground nearby. The woman picks it
dialog: up, and we see...
text: It's the photo of Anne and Matt.
text: The woman stares at the photo a moment, as...
text: Gordy absorbs another blow. He tries to stand.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: You killed my wife and son --
text: Whack! The Wolf slams the butt of an AK-47 against
text: Gordy's skull. Gordy drops hard. The Wolf reverses the
text: AK. Points it at Gordy's head, about to pull the
dialog: trigger, when...
text: The Woman lays a hand on The Wolf's arm.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Claudio.
text: The Wolf doesn't take his eyes off Gordy. The Woman
text: squeezes his arm. Implores him --
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Claudio.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: 261 CONTINUED: 261
text: The Wolf glances over. Meets her eyes a moment. Sees
text: the photo in her hand. Glances up into her eyes again.
text: They hold the look. A whole conversation exchanged
text: without words. Then The Wolf turns back to Gordy, lying
text: in a pile on the ground. Beat. To Gordy --
speaker_heading: THE WOLF
dialog: You were just saved by your
dialog: guardian angel.
scene_heading: 262 INT. UNDERGROUND BUNKER - DAY 262
text: Dark and dank. Excavated clay walls and floor. Heavy
text: door. A bare overhead bulb provides some light.
text: Gordy lies on a metal bed frame. One of his legs is
text: chained to the bed. He's in pain from being kicked --
dialog: but the physical aches are nothing compared to the
text: anguish he feels for having failed.
text: The door's unlocked and opens. Daylight streams in from
text: above as The Wolf enters with two guerrilla bodyguards.
text: He moves to the middle of the room. Looks at Gordy.
speaker_heading: THE WOLF
text: One of the men in the jail with
dialog: you in Mompos is dying. He was
dialog: burned in your explosion.
text: Gordy just looks at him.
text: The Wolf signals a bodyguard, who crosses to Gordy and
text: frees his leg from the chain.
speaker_heading: THE WOLF
dialog: You want to kill me? Come and
dialog: kill me.
text: The bodyguards are smiling. Gordy hesitates, then
dialog: springs for The Wolf, and...
text: The Wolf immediately fells him with a choppy-looking
dialog: karate combination. The Wolf's no Jet Li -- his style's
text: a throwback, even ugly, but it's well-practiced and
text: brutally effective. Even still, Gordy springs back right
text: away... and The Wolf drops him again.
speaker_heading: THE WOLF
dialog: You Americans think you have all
dialog: the answers. And really, you're
dialog: so naive...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: 262 CONTINUED: 262
text: Gordy comes up swinging. Gordy's a barroom fighter. If
dialog: he can touch you, you're in trouble. He never gets
text: close. A vicious front kick folds him, and a fist drives
text: him to the floor. The Wolf stands over him.
speaker_heading: THE WOLF
dialog: ... You see one peasant with a
dialog: gun, and you never ask why he has
dialog: to have it. You just run to give
dialog: your billions to the nearest
dialog: soldiers, no matter how merciless
dialog: or corrupt they are.
text: The last kick really hurt Gordy. He's slow rising.
speaker_heading: THE WOLF
dialog: That's why I'm teaching America a
dialog: lesson... that's why there'll be
dialog: more bombs... and more families
dialog: like yours will pay the price.
text: The Wolf wants to pique him, but this is pouring gasoline
text: onto fire. Gordy explodes off the ground. The
text: suddenness and fury of the rush catch The Wolf off guard.
text: Gordy drives him backward. Slams him against a wall.
text: Then hooks an arm around the back of The Wolf's neck and
text: drives the other fist like a piston into his abdomen.
text: All his weight behind the punches. Trying to break ribs
text: and crush them into The Wolf's heart, when...
text: A bodyguard slams the butt of an AK into Gordy's kidneys.
text: Gordy takes the blow standing. The guard delivers a
text: second, much harder shot, and Gordy drops to his knees in
text: agony. Beat. The Wolf recovers from the hammer-blows to
text: his midsection. And then...
text: He makes Gordy pay for the punches. Lands blow after
text: blow on Gordy's face. Beats the living shit out of
text: him... and leaves him unconscious on the dirt floor.
speaker_heading: 263 BLACK 263
text: we hear a gentle CLACKING sound. It's unidentifiable.
speaker_heading: 264 GORDY'S POV 264
text: The black becomes a BLUR. The BLUR becomes a hazy
text: glimpse of Selena. She's sitting on the metal bed frame
text: nursing Gordy's wounds. The CLACKING sound CONTINUES --
text: it's made by SEA SHELLS that dangle from a bracelet on
text: Selena's wrist. The shells knock together as she washes
text: Gordy's wounds.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: 264 CONTINUED: 264
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: Are you alright?
scene_heading: 265 INT. UNDERGROUND BUNKER - NIGHT 265
text: Gordy's still in a deep fog from the beating, barely
dialog: there at all.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: ... Who are you?
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: My name is Selena.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: ... His wife?
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: Yes.
text: Beat. The sea shells clack. Gordy loses consciousness
dialog: again, and everything goes...
speaker_heading: 266 BLACK 266
text: The CLACKING sound CONTINUES. And...
speaker_heading: 267 GORDY'S POV 267
text: This time, when Gordy opens his eyes, there's no
dialog: blurriness. It's a new day. He's better. Selena's
text: walking to him with a tray. The SHELL BRACELET CLACKS as
text: she approaches.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: I brought you food.
scene_heading: 268 INT. UNDERGROUND BUNKER - DAY 268
text: Gordy slowly sits up. Beat.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Why feed me? Why not just kill
dialog: me?
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: Are you so anxious to die?
text: Gordy doesn't have an answer. Beat. He tastes the meal.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: 268 CONTINUED: 268
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: ... Thanks.
text: Selena watches him a moment, troubled by something.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: The men in jail with you in
dialog: Mompos... They say you talked to a
dialog: man from the C.I.A.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: I'm not one of them. I'm here for
dialog: my own reasons.
text: Selena watches him another moment. Decides he's telling
text: the truth. She reaches into a skirt pocket, then extends
text: her hand toward Gordy. He looks up. She's holding the
text: photo of Anne and Matt. Beat. Gordy takes the photo.
text: Looks at his wife and son. Selena sits next to him.
text: Another beat. Then, off the photo...
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: Claudio used to be a teacher. I
dialog: was a medical aid worker. We met
dialog: in Guatemala, in an Indian village
dialog: called Guamaunco. We were married
dialog: there. Sophia, our daughter was
dialog: born there. Claudio was kind and
dialog: loving, and we were happy... We
dialog: were there four years when the
dialog: civil war broke out... The
dialog: guerrillas were all around us, but
dialog: left us alone... Then they made an
text: attack on the army nearby. The
dialog: next night, soldiers came to our
dialog: village. They were led by
dialog: American 'advisors'... They
dialog: accused us of helping the rebels.
dialog: Our women were raped. Our men
dialog: were tortured. Our homes were
dialog: burned... We crawled out into the
dialog: fields, but they threw grenades,
dialog: and Sophia...
text: Selena hesitates, choking back her emotions.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: ... my baby girl was hit by
text: shrapnel... she bled to death in
text: Claudio's arms.
text: She looks into Gordy's eyes. The look says she
text: understands and shares Gordy's pain because she's
text: suffered her own painful loss. She looks away again.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: 268 CONTINUED: (2) 268
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: Claudio joined the guerrillas.
dialog: When that war ended, we moved to
dialog: the next war, and the next... Each
dialog: fight has only deepened his
dialog: hatred. And poisoned his soul.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: He's unable to love anything
dialog: anymore...
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Why are you still here?
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: Because I know he was a good man,
dialog: who's been consumed by rage
dialog: because of what he lost... Just
dialog: like you.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: I'm not like him.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: He kills innocent people.
dialog: (then)
dialog: He's planning to kill more.
text: Beat. Selena suddenly stands, uncomfortable, not wanting
text: to discuss it. She goes to the door and knocks. OFF
text: Gordy, as the door opens, and Selena exits...
scene_heading: 269 CLOSEUP - SATELLITE IMAGE 269
text: A laser pointer indicates the photo.
speaker_heading: UPDEGRAF (O.S.)
text: This is a satellite shot of the
dialog: Caguan region last night.
text: The laser indicates an area of the photo.
speaker_heading: UPDEGRAF (O.S.)
dialog: Here's Caguan town.
dialog: FOLLOW the laser TO:
scene_heading: 269A SECOND IMAGE 269A
text: the same night shot with a bright spot in the town area.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: 269A CONTINUED: 269A
speaker_heading: UPDEGRAF (O.S.)
dialog: At 2250, we get a large heat-and-
text: light anomaly consistent with an
dialog: explosion.
dialog: FOLLOW the laser TO:
scene_heading: 269B THIRD SATELLITE IMAGE 269B
text: a high-resolution, infrared enlargement.
speaker_heading: UPDEGRAF (O.S.)
dialog: This is the explosive area two
dialog: minutes later. We got a house
dialog: blown to shit and burning. We got
dialog: Colombians in cammies, a gringo
text: down, a woman and kid, and some
dialog: bodies. This guy --
text: The laser indicates The Wolf.
speaker_heading: UPDEGRAF (O.S.)
dialog: -- is giving all the orders.
speaker_heading: BRANDT (O.S.)
dialog: ... I don't fucking believe it.
dialog: That lucky son-of-a-bitch found
dialog: The Wolf.
speaker_heading: UPDEGRAF (O.S.)
dialog: ... He's paying for it now.
dialog: FOLLOW the laser TO:
scene_heading: 269C FOURTH SATELLITE IMAGE 269C
text: an infrared shot of people and vehicles near the burning
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: UPDEGRAF (O.S.)
text: A little later, an E.L.C. convoy
text: arrives, and everyone loads up...
dialog: The convoy travels thirty-two
dialog: minutes upriver and stops here...
dialog: FOLLOW the laser TO:
scene_heading: 269D FIFTH SATELLITE IMAGE 269D
text: an infrared night shot of parked vehicles, buildings,
dialog: people, etc.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97.
scene_heading: 269D CONTINUED: 269D
speaker_heading: BRANDT (O.S.)
dialog: An E.L.C. compound...
speaker_heading: UPDEGRAF (O.S.)
dialog: More like a small village. It's
dialog: mobile, and it's not just
dialog: guerrillas -- it's women and kids,
dialog: too. Here it is by day...
dialog: FOLLOW the laser TO:
scene_heading: 269E SEVENTH SATELLITE IMAGE 269E
text: a day shot of the jungle village. The laser indicates:
speaker_heading: UPDEGRAF (O.S.)
dialog: Houses, barracks, school for the
dialog: kids, cooking sheds, H.Q.,
dialog: latrines, gun pits...
speaker_heading: BRANDT (O.S.)
dialog: They're not just hiding The Wolf.
speaker_heading: UPDEGRAF (O.S.)
dialog: Here it is on the map...
dialog: PULL BACK to reveal:
scene_heading: 270 INT. CIA HACIENDA - DAY 270
text: Updegraf highlights a map for Brandt, who thinks aloud --
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: It's well-sited... can't surprise
dialog: 'em, so you gotta outgun 'em...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So that's what we're gonna do.
speaker_heading: UPDEGRAF
dialog: We're gonna hit it?
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: We're not just gonna hit it, we're
dialog: gonna wipe if off the globe.
dialog: Cats, rats, dogs and mice. If
text: it's moving, it's dead.
speaker_heading: UPDEGRAF
dialog: Hitting the whole village could
dialog: make for a P.R. problem.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: 270 CONTINUED: 270
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: I don't care what the Puerto
dialog: Ricans say.
dialog: (then, off Updegraf's
dialog: look)
dialog: Which part of the word 'war' don't
dialog: you understand? Our mission down
dialog: here isn't just about catching The
dialog: Wolf.
speaker_heading: UPDEGRAF
dialog: ... What about Gordy Pitt?
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: He was told not to be here... The
text: first choppers'll hit it at 2200.
scene_heading: 271 EXT. ELC JUNGLE VILLAGE - NIGHT 271
text: It's RAINING buckets. Most of the people inhabiting the
text: village have been driven under roofs or indoors.
text: Guerrillas drag Gordy roughly up out of the bunker into
text: the tropical DOWNPOUR. They march him out into the open.
text: Throw him to the ground. A man draws his pistol as Gordy
text: gets to his hands and knees. The GUERRILLA puts the
text: pistol to Gordy's forehead.
speaker_heading: GUERRILLA
dialog: It's time, gringo.
text: Beat. He extends a bar of soap with his other hand.
speaker_heading: GUERRILLA
dialog: Bath time... You stink, gringo.
text: The guerrillas laugh. Gordy throws the soap in the mud.
text: Gets to his feet. Points his face up into the soothing
text: rain... When he hears ARGUING and looks over to see...
scene_heading: 272 WOLF AND SELENA 272
text: are inside a small house nearby, obviously fighting about
text: something. Selena emphasizes her argument by slapping
text: her hand. The Wolf storms off, and we hear a DOOR SLAM.
text: Selena is left alone, disconsolate, framed in the window.
text: She looks up and sees Gordy outside. Her eyes meet his.
dialog: OFF their look...
dialog: 99.
scene_heading: 273 EXT. CIA HACIENDA - FRONT PORCH - NIGHT 273
text: It's POURING here, too. In b.g., assault preparations
text: are underway in spite of the rain. Brandt checks his
text: watch. Then lights another butt from the one he just
text: smoked. Stares off into the distance, his thoughts
text: intense and far away. Updegraf emerges, crosses.
speaker_heading: UPDEGRAF
text: The weather system's intensifying.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (distracted; beat)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: UPDEGRAF
dialog: The storm's gonna be real bad for
dialog: at least twelve hours. Here's the
dialog: data.
text: He hands a paper to Brandt. Cops a puff off Brandt's
text: cigarette while Brandt reads.
speaker_heading: UPDEGRAF
dialog: Air ops says it's too heavy for
dialog: the Blackhawks. Also, Sat-Intel
dialog: is saying the clouds're too thick,
dialog: and we're blind.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (beat; pissed)
dialog: Got any good news?
speaker_heading: UPDEGRAF
dialog: Yeah. The creeks are rivers
dialog: around Caguan. Unless The Wolf's
dialog: a fish, he's not moving... And
dialog: there's fresh coffee.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Only good thing down here... Put
dialog: everyone on red till tomorrow
dialog: night. And then, I don't care if
dialog: there's a typhoon, I want those
text: fucking rotors turning.
text: Beat. Updegraf goes. Brandt crumples the fax and
text: pitches it. Then sees he got fax ink on his hands. OFF
text: Brandt, holding his mitts out in the rain, trying to wash
dialog: off the stains...
scene_heading: 274 INT. UNDERGROUND BUNKER - DAY 274
text: Selena brings Gordy food. She's extremely subdued.
text: Leaves the tray and starts back to the door.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: 274 CONTINUED: 274
text: Then stops. Turns back to Gordy.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: I tried to stop him.
text: She holds Gordy's eyes a moment. Her look is grim,
dialog: haunted.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: He's gone back.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: (beat; realizes)
dialog: The United States? Another bomb?
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Where?
text: She doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: ... Washington D.C.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Where in Washington?
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: ... He had pictures of a
dialog: building...
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Which building?
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: We can't let it happen.
speaker_heading: SELENA
text: It's too late. No one can stop
dialog: him now.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: We'd never make it.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: I got down here from New York...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: 274 CONTINUED: (2) 274
text: Beat. She just looks at him, weighing her chances.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: How many more kids have to die?
dialog: And for what?
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: ... I'm his wife...
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: If you don't stop it, you're as
text: much to blame as he is.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: I can't.
text: She moves to the door and knocks. The door opens.
text: Selena's gone. OFF Gordy, sagging...
scene_heading: 275 INT. AIRPORT (QUITO, ECUADOR) - DAY 275
text: Passengers are lined up to board a flight to Mexico City.
text: FIND a man in line wearing a crisp business suit and tie.
text: The clothes, a haircut and horn-rims have made The Wolf
text: nearly unrecognizable.
scene_heading: 276 EXT. SKY - NIGHT 276
text: The front's moved through. The night is clear.
scene_heading: 277 EXT. ELC JUNGLE VILLAGE - NIGHT 277
text: Water drips from jungle leaves and the eaves of
text: buildings. We see the bustling life of the place, the
dialog: families, the women and children who live with and
dialog: support the well-organized and high-tech guerrilla
text: military. The village is simple but decidedly not
dialog: primitive. These people have generators, a satellite
text: dish and a school with a computer. At night, the school
text: is a TV room. Right now on the tube Daffy's getting his
text: beak blown off.
speaker_heading: 278 SOLDIER 278
text: pets his child and kisses his wife as he goes off to
dialog: guard duty.
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: 279 ELC OFFICER 279
text: talks on satellite phone inside camp headquarters.
speaker_heading: 280 MAURO 280
text: sits next to Selena on the porch of a house. He plays
text: with the shells of her bracelet as she stares off into
dialog: the night.
scene_heading: 281 EXT. CIA FINCA - NIGHT 281
text: The Blackhawks, black and menacing, sit on an illuminated
dialog: tarmac as:
text: Heavily armed troops in black uniforms and assault vests
dialog: load up.
text: Door gunners check mini-guns.
text: Ground crews yank arming ribbons on rocket pods.
text: A co-pilot in a specially rigged helmet tests his forward
text: mini-gun: wherever he looks, the gun points.
text: Pilots finish checklists, and...
text: Chopper ENGINES start WHINING. ROTORS begin to TURN.
text: The noise mounts to an incredible ROAR.
scene_heading: 282 ANGLE - L.O.H. 282
text: The small helicopter's rotors are also turning. Brandt
text: stands at the chopper door with Updegraf. Slams the
text: magazine on a Glock .45, making sure it's in solid, then
text: slides the pistol into his shoulder holster. He checks
dialog: his watch. Loud, to Updegraf --
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: It's time to make The Wolf howl.
text: He takes a last drag on his cigarette, passes the butt to
text: Updegraf to finish and gets in the rear of the L.O.H. as
text: Updegraf scoots clear.
speaker_heading: 283 L.O.H. 283
text: THROTTLES UP and SCREAMS away.
scene_heading: 284 BLACKHAWKS 284
text: one by one in quick succession, lift off the deck and
text: follow the L.O.H. into the night sky.
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: 285 INT. UNDERGROUND BUNKER - NIGHT 285
text: Gordy's on the bed. The guard lets Selena in. She
text: crosses toward the food tray near Gordy... but she's not
text: there for the tray. Moves past it to Gordy's leg and, to
text: Gordy's surprise, begins unlocking the shackle.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: We're going with you.
dialog: When Gordy's free --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: How do we get out?
text: She hands Gordy a length of pipe secreted in her dress.
speaker_heading: SELENA
text: The guard is the only one close.
dialog: When we're past him, we can slip
text: into the jungle. Mauro's waiting
dialog: for us there.
scene_heading: 286 EXT. SKY - HELICOPTERS - NIGHT 286
text: The Blackhawks and L.O.H. fly map-of-the-earth, a few
text: feet over triple-canopy rain forest.
scene_heading: 287 INT. L.O.H. - NIGHT 287
text: Brandt's in the rear seat wearing a headset. The L.O.H.
text: PILOT, wearing night-vision goggles, checks his GPS,
dialog: speaks to Brandt via headset --
speaker_heading: L.O.H. PILOT
text: Lead chops are twenty seconds out.
scene_heading: 288 INT. UNDERGROUND BUNKER - NIGHT 288
text: Selena whispers to Gordy at the door.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: He's on the right... No needless
dialog: killing.
text: Gordy moves to the right side of the door. Selena
text: knocks. The door swings inward to the left. Selena
text: exits with the tray. The guard reaches to close the
text: door, and Gordy brings the pipe down hard on his head,
text: knocking him out. Gordy retrieves the guard's AK-47.
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: 289 EXT. ELC JUNGLE VILLAGE - NIGHT 289
text: Gordy and Selena ascend the bunker steps. They stop at
text: the top and peer into the village. An armed guerrilla
text: approaches, unaware of their presence. Gordy fumbles
text: with the AK-47, looking for the safety switch on the
text: strange weapon. Selena reaches over and expertly flicks
dialog: it off. When...
text: They hear the sound of the CHOPPERS.
text: The guerrilla approaching them stops and looks up.
dialog: And...
scene_heading: 290 ANOTHER ANGLE 290
text: WHOOM! The first wave of BLACKHAWKS FLASHES OVER the
text: village. Selena and Gordy barely have time to duck as
text: ROCKETS EXPLODE into ground targets, and front and door
text: MINI-GUNS SPIT BULLET-STREAMS that RIP THROUGH people and
text: STRUCTURES. And then the first wave's past.
speaker_heading: 291 GUERRILLAS 291
text: In the momentary lull after the first wave, guerrillas
text: run to pre-arranged fighting positions. Women and
text: children are screaming.
speaker_heading: 292 SELENA 292
text: pulls Gordy from the steps. They start to run. But not
text: far. Just seconds after the first wave of Blackhawks has
text: left, the second wave hits.
scene_heading: 293 BLACKHAWK CO-PILOT'S POV (NIGHT-VISION) 293
text: The village and all its details are visible as different
text: shades of green.
text: We see rockets streak toward parked guerrilla vehicles.
text: We see rockets trail fire toward the TV in the school,
text: which is then obliterated in a FIERY EXPLOSION.
text: Wherever the co-pilot looks, the forward MINI-GUN aims
text: its hellish RAIN OF BULLETS. We TRACK WITH a running
text: guerrilla and see him chopped down, then SWIVEL TO a gun
text: pit and watch the men there eat lead.
speaker_heading: 294 GORDY 294
text: He sees the burning school. Watches the continuing
text: slaughter caused by the ROCKETS and MINI-GUNS.
dialog: 105.
scene_heading: 295 INT. L.O.H. 295
text: Circling over the action. Brandt listens to RADIO
text: CHATTER from the Blackhawks. The village is being
text: decimated. Brandt's dream come true.
speaker_heading: 296 GUERRILLA 296
scene_heading: He LAUNCHES a shoulder-fired SURFACE-TO-AIR-MISSILE (SAM)
text: at the L.O.H., just before a MINI-GUN GETS him.
scene_heading: 297 INT. L.O.H. 297
text: The Pilot sees the SAM launch.
speaker_heading: L.O.H. PILOT
text: SAM coming.
text: He hits a button, and...
scene_heading: 298 EXT. L.O.H. 298
text: Two thermite parachute FLARES SHOOT from rocket tubes and
text: IGNITE. Immediately after, the L.O.H. banks. And...
text: The SAM ZIPS past the hot, bright flares.
scene_heading: 299 EXT. ELC JUNGLE VILLAGE 299
text: The second wave's gone. Gordy and Selena start to run
text: again. Buildings burn. The SCREAMING's endless. Gordy
text: almost trips over the burned body of a child. And now...
speaker_heading: 300 THIRD WAVE 300
text: BLASTS in over the treetops. These are the Blackhawks
text: carrying the assault troops. They use a "skid 'n' git"
text: maneuver to insert the men, coming in hot, MINI-GUNS
text: BLAZING, barely touching down as the soldiers spill out,
text: then tipping forward to gain speed and quick peeling out
text: in a hard right turn.
text: Gordy and Selena hit the dirt again as the choppers come
text: in and land the troops, and the ground BATTLE ERUPTS.
text: The assault team's GROUND COMMANDER, an American Army
text: Captain, radios his men via comm-link --
speaker_heading: GROUND COMMANDER
dialog: We're going for body count.
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: 301 GORDY AND SELENA 301
text: There's a break in the fighting nearest them. They jump
text: up and start running for the trees edging the compound.
scene_heading: 302 SOLDIER ON GROUND'S POV (NIGHT-VISION) 302
text: Gordy and Selena sprout from the ground and run. The
scene_heading: SOLDIER OPENS FIRE.
scene_heading: 303 BACK TO GORDY AND SELENA 303
text: BULLETS TWITCH the smoke around them. A SLUG PLUCKS the
text: AK from Gordy's hand. They're almost to the trees.
scene_heading: 304 SOLDIER ON GROUND'S POV (NIGHT-VISION) 304
text: Gordy and Selena are in his sights. They'll never make
dialog: the trees. When...
text: The Soldier's head WHIPS AROUND TO FACE a guerrilla
text: FIRING at him. He KILLS the guerrilla. Then looks back
dialog: at Gordy and Selena, and...
text: They're gone. Into his comm-link --
speaker_heading: SOLDIER (O.S.)
text: Two in the jungle.
speaker_heading: GROUND COMMANDER (V.O.)
dialog: Hunt 'em.
scene_heading: 305 EXT. JUNGLE 305
text: Sounds of GUNFIRE. EXPLOSIONS in the compound flicker
text: light through the dense foliage. Selena leads Gordy to
text: a bush and pulls back leaves, revealing Mauro, cowering
text: fearfully, clutching an old leather doll to his chest.
text: Selena takes Mauro's hand, grabs a small pack lying next
text: to him, then leads Gordy off through the jungle.
scene_heading: 306 SOLDIER'S POV (NIGHT-VISION) 306
text: He SEARCHES the jungle. Up ahead, Selena, Mauro and
text: Gordy are visible for a split second when they run
text: through a gap between in the foliage. The Soldier moves
dialog: after them.
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: 307 EXT. RIVER 307
text: Selena, Mauro and Gordy reach the fast-flowing water.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: We have to swim.
text: Gordy spies two empty fuel cans nearby. He gets the
text: cans, throws them in. Then picks up Mauro.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Go!
text: Selena jumps in. Gordy and Mauro follow. They swim for
text: the fuel cans. Gordy, with Mauro clinging to his neck
text: and still clutching the doll, gets an arm over one can.
text: Selena just manages to grab the other.
scene_heading: 308 SOLDIER'S POV (NIGHT-VISION) 308
text: He REACHES the river. Sees Gordy, Mauro and Selena
text: bobbing downstream hanging onto the cans. OPENS FIRE.
scene_heading: 309 EXT. RIVER 309
text: BULLETS WHIP the water around Gordy, Mauro and Selena.
text: They hide behind the cans. BULLETS PING OFF the METAL.
text: They're swept through some rocks, blocking them from the
text: Soldier, who FIRES anyway. BULLETS CHIP the STONE.
text: There's one more clear shot after the rocks. They're
text: almost around a bend. The Soldier aims. BANGS! And...
text: Selena's hit. Gasps. Gordy looks over, calls.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: You okay?
text: Selena endures the pain. Hides it behind iron eyes.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: Your hired soldiers can't shoot.
scene_heading: 310 EXT. ELC JUNGLE VILLAGE 310
text: The village is a silent, smoking ruin. Everyone who
text: lived there is dead. Troops check the faces of the
text: bodies of the men against the freeze-frame of The Wolf
text: outside the Colombian consulate in New York.
text: The L.O.H. lands. Brandt's met by the Ground Commander.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: 310 CONTINUED: 310
speaker_heading: GROUND COMMANDER
text: No sign of The Wolf. Two people,
text: possibly a third, got away.
dialog: They're in the river.
text: Brandt moves back to the L.O.H., gets in. A moment
text: later, the chopper's up and away.
scene_heading: 311 EXT. RIVER 311
text: Gordy, Mauro and Selena are still floating, hanging onto
text: the cans, when they hear the sound of a HELICOPTER.
text: Gordy looks, sees the L.O.H. flying downstream ten feet
text: off the river.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Under the water!
dialog: (to Mauro)
dialog: Uno, dos, tres...
text: He takes a big breath and holds it. Mauro understands
text: and does the same. They go under. So does Selena.
scene_heading: 312 INT. L.O.H. 312
text: The Pilot scans the river with his night-vision goggles.
text: Brandt studies the night-vision monitor in front of him.
text: There's nothing but river.
text: They zoom by the two fuel cans, but see nothing.
scene_heading: 313 EXT. RIVER 313
text: Gordy, Mauro and Selena surface, gasping for air.
scene_heading: 314 INT. L.O.H. 314
text: The chopper rounds a bend in the river... And there are
text: the two armed guerrilla "customs" boats. The boats open
text: up, and the L.O.H. Pilot banks away.
scene_heading: 315 EXT. RIVER 315
text: The L.O.H. sweeps back in on the customs boats. ROCKETS
text: LAUNCH from the pods. One customs BOAT goes up in a
text: massive EXPLOSION. The other boat scoots.
dialog: 109.
scene_heading: 316 INT. L.O.H. 316
text: The Pilot sees the second boat go.
speaker_heading: L.O.H. PILOT
dialog: Not tonight.
text: He sweeps in again. Triggers more missiles. We watch
text: the second customs boat go the way of the first.
dialog: Brandt only cares about the primary target.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: They couldn't have made it this
dialog: far. Go back upstream.
text: As the chopper banks...
scene_heading: 317 EXT. RIVER 317
text: Gordy hears the L.O.H. again. The three of them duck
dialog: again, and...
text: WHOOM! The CHOPPER ZIPS by just overhead. And continues
text: on. A moment later, Gordy, Mauro and Selena re-surface.
text: OFF them, as the copper recedes upriver...
scene_heading: 318 EXT. RIVER - DAWN 318
text: Gordy and Selena float side-by-side, still holding onto
text: the cans. Mauro's asleep on Gordy's back, his arms
text: around Gordy's neck. Weakened by her wound, Selena keeps
text: bobbing below the surface. Gordy pulls her up.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Hang on. We just have to keep
dialog: floating a little bit more...
text: Suddenly, in the growing light, Gordy sees Selena's blood
text: in the water and realizes she's wounded.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: You were shot.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: ... I'm okay.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: We gotta get you outta the river.
speaker_heading: 319 GORDY 319
text: kicks them all to shore.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: 319 CONTINUED: 319
text: He climbs out of the river carrying Mauro. As Gordy
text: ascends the bank, Mauro wakes up, terrified. Gordy
text: tries to soothe him.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Esta bien. Esta bien.
text: But Mauro squirms free, and immediately, Mauro runs back
text: to his mother. Selena uses sign language to tell him
text: everything's okay. OFF Gordy's surprised look --
speaker_heading: SELENA
text: He can't hear or speak.
text: Gordy just looks at them a moment. Then moves to Selena.
text: Re: Mauro, as Gordy examines her arm --
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: He's a war orphan. I adopted him.
text: Beat. Gordy finishes checking the bullet wound.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: You're lucky.
text: He uses part of his shirt to make a pressure bandage. As
text: he ties it around Selena's arm, she looks around.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: I know where we are. There's a
dialog: secret trail nearby that leads
text: toward Mompos.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Can you walk?
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: It's just my arm.
text: Gordy admires this woman's bravery. Selena stands.
text: Mauro's clutching her skirt. Gordy looks at him.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: How do you say 'hello'?
text: Selena looks at Gordy a moment. She signs "hello" for
text: him, her seashells clacking as she does it.
text: Gordy taps Mauro to get his attention. Tries out the sign
text: for "hello." The boy just looks at him... then reaches
text: out and takes Gordy's hand, shows him the correct way to
text: do it. Gordy tries again. Mauro nods "yes" and smiles.
text: Gordy smiles back.
dialog: 111.
scene_heading: 320 EXT. JUNGLE - DAY 320
text: Selena, Mauro and Gordy follow the secret trail, which
text: ends below a large waterfall. Gordy wonders what they do
text: now, when Selena keeps walking, suddenly disappears behind
text: the ROARING CASCADE. Beat. Gordy follows.
scene_heading: 321 BEHIND WATERFALL 321
text: The trail continues, curtained by the falls. Gordy joins
text: Selena and Mauro. Mauro's excited by the experience of
text: being inside the waterfall. Gordy holds him, lets him
text: touch the sheet of water flowing past.
text: They walk to the other side of the waterfall. Gordy
text: follows Selena and Mauro through.
scene_heading: 322 EXT. JUNGLE 322
text: Gordy emerges from the waterfall, and...
text: He's surrounded by Colombian soldiers with guns. More
text: soldiers point guns at Selena and Mauro. Gordy raises
text: his arms.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Yo soy Americano... Gordy Pitt...
dialog: Gordy Pitt...
scene_heading: 323 INT./EXT. TAXI (WASHINGTON D.C.) - DAY 323
text: Claudio, The Wolf, rides into the capital from Dulles.
scene_heading: 324 EXT. JUNGLE CLEARING - DAY 324
text: A Blackhawk lands in the clearing. The Colombian
text: soldiers escort Gordy, Selena and Mauro to the chopper.
text: The chopper door opens. Brandt's inside.
scene_heading: 325 INT. BLACKHAWK - MOMENTS LATER 325
text: Everyone's aboard and buckled in. Everyone's tired. The
text: chopper lifts off. Selena's glaring at Brandt, who
text: pushes a headset at her, shouts over the ENGINE WHINE --
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: F.B.I.'s on the radio. Tell 'em
dialog: everything you know.
text: Gordy's her protector, intervenes. Grabs Brandt's arm.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: 325 CONTINUED: 325
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: They both get asylum. And she
dialog: needs a medic.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
text: On the plane.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: What about the asylum?
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (beat)
dialog: They'll get it. But she's in my
dialog: custody till we're done with her.
text: Beat. Gordy hates going along with Brandt, but has no
text: choice, nods to Selena. She takes the headset. As she
text: puts it on, Brandt sees her pack. Takes it and opens it.
text: He inspects it, then hands it back. Gordy glares at him.
text: Brandt meets his eyes. A long beat. Then --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: He wasn't even there.
text: Brandt doesn't reply. Just holds the look a moment
text: longer. Then looks out the window and ignores Gordy.
scene_heading: 326 INT. UNION STATION (WASHINGTON, D.C.) - DAY (AFTERNOON) 326
text: The daily tide of humanity flows through the railway
text: terminal. We see people in business suits, tourists,
text: families, a group of kids on a field trip. And standing
dialog: in the middle of it all, we FIND...
speaker_heading: CLAUDIO
text: Now in casual clothes. He's looking over the beautiful
text: and busy station. Contemplating the devastation and
dialog: death that a bomb planted here would wreak.
scene_heading: 327 EXT. ANDREWS AIR FORCE BASE (MARYLAND) - DAWN 327
text: A Lear stops by a convoy of black government Suburbans
text: parked on the tarmac. FBI agents Joe Phipps and Reggie
text: Dray are among those waiting by the cars. The Lear's
text: door pops, and Gordy, carrying a sleeping Mauro, emerges
text: with Selena. Brandt and a medic follow.
scene_heading: 328 INT. GOVERNMENT SUBURBAN - MOMENTS LATER 328
dialog: Driving.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: 328 CONTINUED: 328
text: Mauro, still sleeping, is buckled up in the far back
text: seat between Gordy and Selena. Phipps, Dray and Brandt
text: crowd the second row. Phipps extends photos to Selena.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: These buildings best match what
dialog: you described to us.
text: Selena leafs through the photos of various Washington
text: monuments, government buildings, etc. She reaches the
dialog: last photo.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: I don't recognize anything... I
dialog: saw only parts of the building...
dialog: I'm sorry.
dialog: Phipps wants to keep her positive and willing.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: That's okay. We'll keep trying.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: I think it's a public place. He
dialog: said he wanted the people of
dialog: America to feel the terror.
dialog: 'Terror is all they understand.'
dialog: He said it over and over...
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: (to Dray)
dialog: Double up on public venues:
dialog: museums, theaters, transport...
dialog: Put in all the extra undercover we
dialog: can.
text: Selena looks over at her son sleeping in Gordy's arms.
text: She lovingly brushes the hair off his forehead, rattling
text: her seashells. The leather doll is about to fall from
text: Mauro's fingers. Selena takes the doll and puts it into
text: her bag. Then looks out at the passing scenery. OFF
dialog: Selena, in the land of her husband's enemy --
scene_heading: 329 EXT. GEORGETOWN STREET - DAY 329
text: The convoy slows outside the Latin American Institute.
text: An attached garage opens.
scene_heading: 330 INT. GOVERNMENT SUBURBAN 330
text: As the Suburban turns into the garage --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: 330 CONTINUED: 330
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Where're we going?
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Inter-agency headquarters for our
dialog: efforts in Latin America.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: It's secure, and we can coordinate
dialog: all departments here.
text: OFF which, as they're swallowed up by the dark garage --
scene_heading: 331 INT. LATIN AMERICAN INSTITUTE - VARIOUS SHOTS - DAY 331
text: Brandt, Phipps, Dray, Selena and Gordy -- along with the
text: rest of the entourage -- walk through the interagency
text: nerve center. Gordy carries Mauro, still asleep.
text: They stop at the door to a large conference room.
text: Selena's ushered in. Gordy starts to follow. Phipps
text: stops him.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: My people will debrief you in
dialog: another room... We'll take the boy
dialog: to a safe house across the
dialog: street... He'll be well cared for.
text: Gordy exchanges a look with Selena. Beat. She nods her
text: reluctant approval. Gordy hands the boy to an agent.
scene_heading: 332 INT./EXT. LOCKUP GARAGE - DAY 332
text: Claudio opens the door of a cheap rental garage in an old
text: commercial strip. He steps inside. There's a rental van
text: and a big Ducati motorbike against a wall. Claudio
text: straps a black bag onto the bike, then rolls it out and
text: shuts the garage. Pulls on helmet and STARTS the BIKE.
text: As Claudio speeds into traffic --
scene_heading: 333 INT. LATIN AMERICAN INSTITUTE - LARGE CONFERENCE ROOM - 333
speaker_heading: DAY
text: Selena is seated at a table covered with photographs,
dialog: Washington, D.C. coffee table books, guide books, etc.
text: Brandt, Phipps, et al stand around her. Phipps flips
text: through the pages of a large coffee table book for Selena
dialog: to see.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: 333 CONTINUED: 333
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: No... No... No...
dialog: That book's done.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: That's okay.
text: He grabs another. Opens it to the first photo.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: No...
scene_heading: 334 INT. LATIN AMERICAN INSTITUTE - "THE WOLF" ROOM - DAY 334
text: A small conference room devoted to everything having to
text: do with the interagency interest in The Wolf. Photos of
text: evidence, time lines, charts, etc. cover the walls.
text: Gordy's tired, being debriefed by two FBI AGENTS.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #1
dialog: ... Did Claudio leave with anyone
dialog: else?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: I was underground. I couldn't see
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #1
dialog: Did you hear anything about his
dialog: contacts in the United States?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: No.
scene_heading: 335 INT./EXT. WASHINGTON LOCATIONS - MONTAGE - DAY 335
text: Security tightens all over the city. Among the images we
dialog: see:
text: A forklift places huge planters -- really decorative
text: barricades -- to re-route traffic near vital buildings.
scene_heading: 336 UNDERCOVER PEOPLE 336
text: with earpieces patrol public structures. Some lead dogs
dialog: that sniff for explosives.
dialog: 116.
scene_heading: 336A EXT. WASHINGTON, D.C. - STREETS - DAY 336A
text: Claudio weaves the Ducati through heavy traffic.
scene_heading: 337 INT. LATIN AMERICAN INSTITUTE - LARGE CONFERENCE ROOM 337
speaker_heading: - DAY
text: Phipps flips to the last photo in the book.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: ... No...
text: He reaches for another book. As he does, he topples a
text: stack. Selena's eyes fix on one book cover.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: He had that book! Let me see it!
text: Phipps hands it to her. It's a guidebook to Washington.
text: Selena flips through it. Stops at a photo.
scene_heading: 338 CLOSE ON PHOTO 338
text: It's of the redesigned lobby of Union Station.
scene_heading: 339 BACK TO SCENE 339
text: Selena glances up.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: That's it!
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Union Station.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: (to Dray)
dialog: Put it under total surveillance.
dialog: Get a bomb team in there with
dialog: dogs. Make 'em seeing-eye dogs if
dialog: you have to. And pull whatever
dialog: security video they have for the
dialog: last two days.
speaker_heading: DRAY
dialog: Why not just shut it down?
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: If we spook him, we don't know
dialog: what his secondary target'll be.
text: Dray gets on the horn. Beat. To Brandt and Phipps --
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: Please don't kill him.
dialog: 117.
scene_heading: 340 EXT. UNION STATION - DAY 340
text: A man sits on a bench. He's wearing sunglasses and a
text: baseball cap. He puts a shoulder bag on the bench, takes
text: something out, then gets up and walks away, when...
text: Suddenly, two tourists and a hot dog vendor are right on
text: him. One of 'em jams a concealed gun jammed into his
text: ribs, while the other two hustle him forcefully to a van.
text: He's shoved inside. His bag's tossed in. The van drives
dialog: away.
scene_heading: 341 INT. VAN 341
text: Agents press the man hard to the floorboards. His bag's
text: tossed. It's empty. The guy's clean. It's not Claudio.
text: OFF the agents, holding an innocent man...
speaker_heading: 342 OMITTED 342
scene_heading: 343 INT. LATIN AMERICAN INSTITUTE - LARGE CONFERENCE ROOM 343
speaker_heading: - DAY
text: Selena watches as Phipps plays a surveillance video of
text: Union Station. Phipps suddenly freezes the image. Zooms
text: in on a man in the middle of the crowd. Claudio.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: That's him, isn't it?
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: (hesitates, then)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: He was there yesterday. Just
dialog: stood there and left... So far,
dialog: the dogs haven't found anything,
dialog: so maybe we're ahead of him.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: What's he waiting for?
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: He takes his time. Like he told
dialog: you, he enjoys it.
text: Beat. Selena's overwhelmed by the experience of seeing
text: her husband on the tape, by her betrayal of him. She
text: grows queasy. Leans on the table for support.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: Are you okay?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: 343 CONTINUED: 343
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: I'm sorry... I think I'm going to
dialog: be sick.
text: Brandt opens a door to a bathroom.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: In here.
text: Selena grabs her pack and rushes in. When the door's
text: closed, Phipps turns to Dray, indicates monitor.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: Get copies of this freeze frame to
dialog: all the undercover people and the
dialog: sniper teams.
speaker_heading: DRAY
dialog: You got it.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: And nobody caps him until we get
dialog: that bomb tagged. After that, I
dialog: don't give a shit what happens to
dialog: him.
text: Dray goes. There's a long beat. Brandt looks at the
dialog: freeze frame.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: He always hid his face. Why's he
dialog: giving us a clear picture now?
text: Beat. The bathroom TOILET FLUSHES. Selena emerges.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: Feeling better?
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: I think I'd feel better if I could
dialog: rest a little and see my son.
text: Phipps nods to Brandt, who turns to two of his agents,
dialog: one a female.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Escort her.
scene_heading: 344 INT. LATIN AMERICAN INSTITUTE - "THE WOLF" ROOM - DAY 344
text: Gordy's on his feet, looking at The Wolf evidence, etc.,
text: on the walls. He can't keep his eyes off it. It's
text: reminiscent of what he constructed on his wall at home.
text: The second Agent's not in the room.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 119.
speaker_heading: 344 CONTINUED: 344
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #1
dialog: ... Let's go through it again, Mr.
dialog: Pitt.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: I've told you all I know.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #1
dialog: We gotta be sure.
text: Gordy's eyes go to numbered evidence photo. It's a
text: picture of a seashell. He points to it.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #1
dialog: What's the number on it?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Eleven.
text: The Agent refers to an index sheet as the Second Agent
text: returns. He's holding a document. To Gordy --
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #2
dialog: Mr. Pitt, you said Selena told you
dialog: she had a daughter.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: She was killed in Guatemala.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #2
dialog: According to tests on the blood
dialog: we drew on the plane, Selena's
dialog: Rhesus F-six. She's genetically
dialog: barren. She couldn't possibly
dialog: have had kids.
dialog: Gordy doesn't understand. Why would she have lied?
text: The first Agent finds what he's looking for in the index.
speaker_heading: FBI AGENT #1
text: Number eleven, small seashell with
dialog: a hole in it... That was found in
dialog: the getaway car used in the
dialog: bombing in New York.
text: OFF Gordy's face...
scene_heading: 345 FLASHBACK - SELENA'S SEASHELL BRACELET 345
text: There's a gap where one of the shells is missing.
dialog: 120.
scene_heading: 346 BACK TO SCENE (PRESENT) 346
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Shit...
scene_heading: 347 INT. LATIN AMERICAN INSTITUTE - VARIOUS SHOTS 347
text: Gordy blasts through the building. As he runs...
scene_heading: 348 FLASHBACK - ELC JUNGLE VILLAGE 348
text: Selena expertly flicks the safety off on the AK-47.
scene_heading: 349 FLASHBACK - FBI INCIDENT CENTER 349
text: Phipps addresses Gordy.
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: We think the bomb was triggered by
text: a cell phone.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT:
scene_heading: 350 CONTINUE FLASHBACK 350
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: Did you see a cell phone when you
dialog: ran into him?
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: No.
scene_heading: 351 FLASHBACK - ELC JUNGLE VILLAGE 351
text: Selena and Claudio argue inside the house. Selena slaps
text: the back of one hand into the palm of the other.
scene_heading: 352 FLASHBACK - THE WOLF'S VIDEO TAPE 352
text: The Wolf does the same hand slap.
scene_heading: 353 EXT. LATIN AMERICAN INSTITUTE - DAY 353
text: Selena emerges with the two CIA agents.
scene_heading: 354 ANGLE - DOWN BLOCK 354
text: Claudio sits on his parked motorcycle. He sees Selena
text: emerge. Drops his helmet visor and STARTS the BIKE.
dialog: 121.
scene_heading: 355 INT. LATIN AMERICAN INSTITUTE - LARGE CONFERENCE ROOM 355
speaker_heading: - DAY
text: Gordy bursts in, sees Selena's not there.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Where's Selena?!
speaker_heading: PHIPPS
dialog: She went to see her son.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: She's lying! She's The Wolf!
text: Gordy runs out. Phipps and others follow. OFF Brandt...
scene_heading: 356 INT. BATHROOM 356
text: Brandt bursts in. He searches. Finds Mauro's leather
text: doll behind the toilet. The head's detached. Brandt
text: looks inside, and...
text: We see a block of reddish Semtex plastic explosive and a
text: chemical fuse.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Everybody out! Clear this floor!
dialog: Now!
scene_heading: 357 INT. STAIRWELL 357
text: Gordy jumps downstairs, four steps at a time.
scene_heading: 358 INT. CORRIDORS 358
text: Institute personnel evacuate offices.
scene_heading: 359 EXT. LATIN AMERICAN INSTITUTE - STREET - VARIOUS ANGLES 359
text: Selena and the agents cross the street toward the safe
dialog: house.
text: Claudio GUNS the BIKE toward them.
text: Selena hears the BIKE. Sees Claudio coming. Uses the
text: front edge of her hand to strike the female agent hard in
text: the throat. The agent falls to her knees trying to suck
text: air through a crushed windpipe. Selena whip-kicks the
text: other agent to the ground.
text: Claudio brakes hard next to Selena, who takes the female
text: agent's pistol and spare magazines as...
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: 360 GORDY 360
text: bursts outside, followed by Phipps et al.
text: Claudio OPENS FIRE with a MACHINE PISTOL, hitting two
text: agents and scattering Gordy, Phipps and the rest. Selena
text: SHOOTS the two escort people dead, then BLASTS away at
text: the other people pouring out of the institute as she
text: straddles the Ducati behind Claudio, and the powerful
text: BIKE SCREAMS off down the street.
text: Gordy jumps to his feet and runs after them.
scene_heading: 361 EXT. BUILDING'S TOP FLOOR 361
text: BOOM! A MASSIVE EXPLOSION spits flame out of the windows
text: of the building's top floor.
speaker_heading: 362 PEOPLE 362
text: dive for cover. Debris showers the street.
speaker_heading: 363 GORDY 363
text: keeps moving.
scene_heading: 364 STREET IN FRONT OF INSTITUTE 364
text: runs one way in the direction the Ducati's headed. Far
text: down the block, the bike turns right onto another one-way
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: 365 GORDY 365
text: spots an alley on his right and turns into it.
scene_heading: 366 EXT. ALLEY 366
text: Gordy's now moving parallel to Claudio and Selena,
text: sprinting hard toward another one-way street, which
text: crosses the alley ahead. He doesn't know if he'll
text: intercept the bike, but it's his only shot.
scene_heading: 367 EXT. STREET 367
text: Claudio GUNS the BIKE down the second street, parallel to
text: Gordy's alley. He and Selena reach an intersection with
text: the one-way street. A right turn will complete the "U"
text: and take them back toward Gordy. Straight ahead, the
text: street they're on is one-way in the opposite direction.
text: Claudio hangs right and cranks on the speed.
dialog: 123.
scene_heading: 368 EXT. ALLEY 368
text: Gordy's almost to the next street. He can hear the WHINE
dialog: of the DUCATI growing closer. When...
text: A truck stops ahead of him and blocks the alley.
text: Gordy veers into a walkway between buildings.
scene_heading: 369 EXT. STREET 369
text: A parked car suddenly pulls out in front of the speeding
text: Ducati. Claudio can't swerve around it. SLAMS ON the
text: BRAKES. The car's driver, frightened and flustered by
text: the near collision, is slow moving out of the way.
scene_heading: 370 EXT. TOWN HOUSE - BACK YARD 370
text: Gordy bursts through a gate. Sees back steps leading to
text: the open door of a second-story over a garage and charges
dialog: the steps.
scene_heading: 371 EXT. STREET 371
text: The driver of the car finally backs up. Claudio aims the
text: DUCATI through a narrow gap and ZOOMS on.
scene_heading: 372 INT. TOWN HOUSE GARAGE 372
text: Gordy blows into the second story of the garage, a
text: converted old-time carriage barn. He's in the old
text: hayloft. On the opposite side of the loft, a double
text: door built for loading in hay is open above the street.
text: Gordy sprints for the opening, and...
scene_heading: 373 EXT. STREET 373
text: The Ducati tears around traffic, when...
text: Gordy leaps out of the hayloft, launches himself off a
text: parked car as the DUCATI SCREAMS past, and...
text: He just manages to grab Selena and yank her off the bike.
text: Selena's arms are wrapped around Claudio -- when Gordy
text: rips her out of the saddle, Claudio goes, too. The three
text: of them tumble to the ground as the speeding Ducati
text: spins, flips and disintegrates.
dialog: 124.
speaker_heading: 374 CLAUDIO 374
text: in leathers and a helmet. He takes the fall better than
text: Selena. Gets to his feet. Looks for the guns they
text: dropped. Before Claudio can get to a gun, Gordy's on
text: him. They grapple. Gordy pounds Claudio hard. Once.
dialog: Twice. When...
speaker_heading: 375 SELENA 375
text: side-kicks Gordy. He sags. She front-kicks a heel into
text: his spine and between his shoulder blades. Gordy lets go
text: of Claudio and drops. Selena's relentless, kicks Gordy
dialog: repeatedly as...
speaker_heading: 376 CLAUDIO 376
text: gets the pistol. Turns. Aims the gun two-handed at
dialog: Gordy's head, and BANG!
speaker_heading: 377 DRAY 377
text: SHOOTS Claudio dead from the mouth of the alleyway down
text: the block. The first SHOT CRACKS the back of Claudio's
text: helmet. The second SHOT punches through and exits his
text: visor in a bright red mist of blood.
speaker_heading: 378 SELENA 378
dialog: bolts.
speaker_heading: 379 GORDY 379
text: goes after her.
speaker_heading: 380 DRAY 380
text: EMPTIES a CLIP at Selena, but he doesn't have a clear
text: shot and misses.
speaker_heading: 381 SELENA 381
text: sees a walkway between houses and turns in.
scene_heading: 382 SAME SCENE - BEAT LATER 382
text: Gordy turns in behind her.
dialog: 125.
scene_heading: 383 EXT. WALKWAY 383
text: Selena has ten yards on Gordy, but he's closing. She
text: knows she can't outrun him in a straight line. Jukes
text: through a gate into...
scene_heading: 384 EXT. ANOTHER TOWN HOUSE - BACK YARD 384
text: A shovel lies in the grass. Selena scoops it up and in
text: one motion, spins back toward the gate, launches it
text: blade-first with all her strength, timing it perfectly,
text: as Gordy runs through the gate, and...
speaker_heading: 385 GORDY 385
text: just barely evades the sharp shovel edge headed for his
text: face. It doesn't hurt him, but it stops him, and Selena
text: breaks toward an open door of the house.
scene_heading: 386 INT. TOWN HOUSE - VARIOUS SHOTS 386
text: Selena blasts into the bottom floor, runs through a
text: playroom. Gordy's right behind her.
speaker_heading: 387 SELENA 387
text: mounts a stairwell. A girl's descending. Selena grabs a
text: pigtail and flings her down the stairs, and...
speaker_heading: 388 GORDY 388
text: gets there just in time to keep the screaming girl from
text: falling all the way to the bottom. He sits the uninjured
text: girl down and continues on.
speaker_heading: 389 SELENA 389
text: runs toward the living room, which is undergoing a
text: renovation. Without stopping, she tears through the
text: plastic covering the doorway to seal in dust from the
text: rest of the house. She topples what she can into
text: Gordy's way. Throws nails down behind her. Grabs a
text: circular saw and hurls it back at Gordy, just missing him
text: and shattering a large wall mirror.
dialog: Selena's a soldier, taught to pick up and use whatever
text: weapons she finds as she moves through a battlefield --
text: this battlefield gives her a crowbar, which she keeps as
text: she runs out through plastic covering the other doorway.
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: 390 ARCHWAY 390
text: leads into the dining room. Selena runs in. Gordy's
text: right on her heels. Selena pulls down dining room chairs
text: in front of Gordy. He vaults one but trips over the
dialog: second and falls.
speaker_heading: 391 SELENA 391
text: blows through a swinging door into the kitchen, slamming
text: into a Hispanic maid, who's coming to investigate all
text: the noise. Both women tumble. Selena gets right back
text: on her feet. She breaks out a window with the crowbar
text: and exits onto a fire escape as Gordy blasts in from the
dialog: dining room.
speaker_heading: 392 OMITTED 392
dialog: thru thru
speaker_heading: 394 394
scene_heading: 395 EXT. TOWN HOUSE - FIRE ESCAPE 395
text: The window Selena slipped through easily is small for
text: Gordy. He gets hung up on the glass, losing precious
text: seconds. Selena's already halfway up when Gordy hits the
text: fire escape steps.
text: The fire escape ends at a top floor window. Selena
text: BREAKS out the GLASS with the crowbar and goes in.
scene_heading: 396 INT. TOWN HOUSE - VARIOUS SHOTS 396
text: Selena's in a teenager's bedroom. The teenager's got
text: headphones on, oblivious to everything. Selena darts
text: through a bathroom into a second bedroom.
speaker_heading: 396A GORDY 396A
text: enters the first bedroom behind her.
speaker_heading: 397 WOMAN 397
text: IN GARDENING CLOTHES and holding a digging tool stands on
text: a stairwell landing, alarmed and confused by the chaos
text: she hears in her house. She had started down the stairs
text: but now has turned back at the sound of the WINDOW
text: BREAKING on the top floor. Calls.
scene_heading: WOMAN IN GARDENING CLOTHES
dialog: What's going on?
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: 398 SELENA 398
text: runs into the hallway at the top of the stairs, above the
dialog: woman.
scene_heading: WOMAN IN GARDENING CLOTHES
dialog: Who are you? What are you doing
dialog: in here?
speaker_heading: 399 SELENA 399
text: sees an open rooftop door at the top of a flight of
text: stairs and charges upward without answering.
speaker_heading: 400 GORDY'S 400
text: in the hallway a second later. Meets the Woman In
text: Gardening Clothes, who's now come up the stairs. She
text: screams. Swipes at him with the digging tool, making
text: three deep scratches in his face. Gordy doesn't stop.
speaker_heading: 401 OMITTED 401
scene_heading: 402 EXT. TOWN HOUSE - ROOF/ADJOINING ROOFTOPS 402
text: This is where the woman was gardening, tending a rooftop
text: flower bed. Selena emerges, crushes plants as she runs
text: to the next town house roof.
text: Gordy hits the roof behind her.
speaker_heading: 403 SELENA 403
text: As Selena runs from rooftop to rooftop along the row of
text: town houses, we see her warrior determination and
dialog: discipline. She's thinking ahead and she never
text: hesitates. Her big problem is she's being pursued by an equally
text: well-trained and determined firefighter. And
text: he's not far back. One tumble, and he'll catch her.
text: Selena strains harder.
speaker_heading: 404 SELENA 404
text: vaults a gap. Moments later, Gordy vaults it.
speaker_heading: 405 SELENA 405
text: finally runs out of roof. She looks down. A fire escape
text: ladder leads down to an interior, ground-level courtyard
text: of a small foreign embassy. Still holding the crowbar,
text: Selena takes the ladder down.
dialog: 128.
scene_heading: 405A MOMENTS LATER 405A
text: Gordy reaches the ladder. Selena's ahead of him by a
text: floor, hurrying down two rungs at a time. Gordy doesn't
text: fuck with the rungs. Just swings over the edge of the
text: roof, grabs the side-rails lightly with his hands,
text: squeezes the rails with the insides of his boots and lets
text: gravity take over.
scene_heading: 406 EXT. EMBASSY - COURTYARD 406
text: The fire escape leads down to a second-story balcony
text: running around the inside wall of the courtyard. Twin
text: staircases lead from the balcony to ground level, where,
text: across the slate-paved car court, a wrought-iron gate
text: opens onto the street.
text: Gordy hits the balcony a half-second after Selena. He
text: grabs her. Selena swings the crowbar to break his arm.
text: Gordy has to let go. Selena heads for the stairs leading
text: to the ground.
speaker_heading: 407 GORDY'S 407
dialog: got one chance to intercept Selena. The balcony's too
text: high for him to jump, but the courtyard's ringed with
text: trees -- they're not close, but they're not far, either.
text: Not for a man craving revenge for the deaths of his wife
text: and son, a man who also slides down fire poles for a
dialog: living.
text: Gordy runs down the balcony. Gains speed. Jumps.
text: Launches off the balcony railing. And hurtles himself at
text: the trunk of a medium-sized tree. He hits the trunk.
text: Hangs on. And slides to the ground. And now...
scene_heading: 408 ANOTHER ANGLE 408
text: He's between Selena and the only way out. And there's no
text: way she's getting past him.
text: But that's not what Selena's thinking. She attacks with
text: the crowbar, and Gordy can only retreat in the face of
text: the vicious onslaught. He finds a nearby garbage can.
text: It's full, heavy, but he manages to lift it, spilling
text: garbage as he uses the can to block the blows from the
text: crowbar. The CROWBAR THWOCKS into the can over and over,
text: the sound ECHOING LOUDLY in the small courtyard.
text: Selena swings again, and Gordy moves to block the hit.
text: It's a feint. She swings under the can and hits a leg.
text: It hurts like hell, he stumbles, but he stays on his
text: feet, still holding the can. Selena goes for his head.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 129.
speaker_heading: 408 CONTINUED: 408
dialog: Gordy raises the can. Thwock! Thwock! The can's all
text: dents. There's garbage everywhere. She feints high and
text: then swings low again, a wicked blow to the knee. Gordy
text: stumbles badly this time. Selena breaks for the gate.
text: Gordy sees her and, with all his might slings the can
text: across the slate pavers, and...
text: The can takes Selena's legs out from under her. She
text: falls hard. Gets back to her feet quickly and starts to
dialog: run, when...
text: Gordy hits her like a linebacker. Slams Selena against a
text: brick wall. Gets behind her and slips a mighty arm
text: around her thin neck. Selena squirms hard, kicks
text: backward, going for the balls, kneecaps, insteps, doing
dialog: whatever she can to hurt Gordy and get free. But she's
dialog: not in a position to do a lot of damage -- and she'd have
dialog: to kill him before he'd let go.
text: Gordy's got his arm locked in a police chokehold around
text: Selena's neck. Uses his weight to force the smaller
text: woman down onto her knees. Presses her harder, till
text: she's sitting back on her legs. Selena can't drop out of
text: the hold, and her legs are immobilized. All she can do
text: is scratch. But Gordy's oblivious. They're alone in the
text: courtyard. Body to body. Head to head. He's pumped
text: with fury and hatred. He tightens the chokehold. Hisses
dialog: in her ear --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: You killed them.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: (beat; with
dialog: contempt)
dialog: One woman, one boy -- they mean
dialog: nothing next to the thousands
dialog: who've been slain.
text: Gordy hears it. It only drives him to a deeper fury.
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: They were my family.
text: Gordy's blind with rage. Chokes her neck hard.
text: Summoning all the power in him, first to shut off her air
text: and blood, and then to continue squeezing, relishing her
text: every dying moment, until he's snuffed out the life of
dialog: the person who took Anne and Matt from him. And...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 130.
speaker_heading: 408 CONTINUED: (2) 408
dialog: He can't... it's all he's wanted since he saw Anne and
text: Matt die, but now he can't do it. He's a firefighter.
text: He saves lives. If he kills Selena, Gordy crosses into
text: her world, into Brandt's world, into the brutal nightmare
dialog: destroying Colombia and all the places like it, and becomes
dialog: part of that sadness and death... And...
text: Gordy relaxes the chokehold enough so she can breathe.
text: Selena gasps for air. The impulse to murder has left
dialog: Gordy. There's a new resolve...
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: The killing ends here.
dialog: Beat. Selena pants.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: It will never end.
speaker_heading: 409 NEW ANGLE 409
text: Under which an EMBASSY SECURITY GUARD emerges from the
text: building. He sees Gordy and Selena -- a large man
text: holding a smaller woman in a chokehold. Draws his gun.
scene_heading: EMBASSY SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Let her go!
text: Gordy looks up at the nervous guard pointing his gun.
text: Selena screams.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: Please help me!
scene_heading: EMBASSY SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Let her go!
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: No. You don't understand.
speaker_heading: SELENA
dialog: He's trying to kill me!
scene_heading: EMBASSY SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Let her go, or you're dead!
text: He's going to shoot. Gordy has no choice. As he lets
dialog: Selena go and stands --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: Hold us both till the police get
dialog: here.
dialog: 131.
scene_heading: 410 ANOTHER ANGLE 410
text: It's too late. Selena stomps a heel into the Guard's
text: knee, crushing it, then twists the gun from his hands.
text: She points it at him and pulls the trigger, and...
text: In his agitation, the guard never took the safety off.
text: Selena glances quickly at the gun to find the safety.
scene_heading: 411 ANOTHER ANGLE 41
text: In the same moment, Gordy grabs the crowbar from the
dialog: ground.
speaker_heading: 412 SELENA 412
text: flicks off the safety and points the gun again.
speaker_heading: 413 GORDY 413
text: hurls the crowbar with all his might, and...
speaker_heading: 414 NEW ANGLE 414
text: The GUN FIRES, just as the crowbar hits Selena, spoiling
text: her aim. The bullet creases the guard's arm. Selena
text: recovers. And the next BULLET...
scene_heading: 415 ANOTHER ANGLE 415
dialog: Isn't hers. It's from Phipps' GUN. It takes Selena in
text: the middle of the back and explodes her heart on its way
text: through her body. She's dead on her feet. Her body
text: crumples to the ground and empties its blood in a large
text: pool that quickly spreads over the slate.
scene_heading: 416 OTHER AGENTS 416
text: move in to help the guard as Phipps holsters his pistol.
text: He walks to Gordy. The two men share a long, silent
text: look. It's over. Gordy looks again at Selena's body in
text: its pool of blood. Then turns and goes.
speaker_heading: 417 BRANDT'S 417
text: entering the courtyard as Gordy walks out. Brandt's seen
text: Selena. He's smiling.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 132.
speaker_heading: 417 CONTINUED: 417
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: We got the bitch.
text: Gordy hits him. One of the jackhammer blows he slammed
text: into Claudio in the bunker. A hard fist deep in the gut
text: that drives all the wind from Brandt and drops him to his
text: knees. Beat. Gordy's voice is cold and hard --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: You're no better than she is.
dialog: And Gordy goes.
scene_heading: 418 INT. FIREHOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY 418
text: Gordy cranks away on the repaired ice cream maker. He's
text: wearing civvies. He stops cranking, spoons out a huge
text: dollop into a bowl.
scene_heading: 419 INT. FIREHOUSE - TRUCK BAY 419
text: Gordy hands the bowl to Mauro, who's playing in the front
text: seat of the pumper. Mauro tastes it. Thumbs up. Gordy
dialog: smiles.
text: Mike and the other men on Gordy's old shift are watching.
dialog: To Gordy --
speaker_heading: MIKE
dialog: It'll be good to get you back.
text: Gordy turns to them. Looks into the faces of these men,
dialog: the people closest to him in the world. Beat. Then --
speaker_heading: GORDY
dialog: It's good to be home.
text: Gordy's still in pain, still missing the wife and son
dialog: he'll never see again. But Gordy's gonna be alright.
dialog: Mauro's gonna be with him. There'll be fires to put out
dialog: and lives to save and basketball games and the multitude
dialog: of miseries and joys the firefighters in Spanish Harlem
dialog: see each and every day.
text: As we PULL BACK, OUT and AWAY from the old brick edifice
text: from which the big red truck will come, bringing help...
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
