text: "COMING HOME"
dialog: Draft Screenplay
dialog: by
dialog: Waldo Salt and Bob Jones
dialog: 
speaker_heading: J
dialog: "COMING HOME”
scene_heading: EXT. CALIFORNIA FREEWAY - DAY
text: An El Camino races parallel to the ocean, JANIS JOPLIN
text: MUSIC BLASTING from the RADIO.
scene_heading: INT. EL CAMINO - DAY”
text: Marine Captain BOB HAYNE leans on his horn as he cuts in
text: and out of traffic. Bob wears a dress uniform with a
text: black armband, his wife, SALLY, is in black with a veil.
text: Both are slightly tight. In their early thirties, they
dialog: are known as 2 fun couple, the Sonny and Cher of the
text: Officers’ Club. Sally sniffs, points to a red light on
text: the dashboard.
speaker_heading: : BOB
dialog: Goddamn fanbelt...
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY OFFRAMP - DAY
text: The El Camino slices through traffic toward an exit.
scene_heading: EXT. SERVICE STATION/SMALL GROCERY - DAY
text: Sally comes out of the grocery store with a sixpack of
text: beer and a wad of paper towels, crosses to the El Camino,
text: where Bob is finishing up with the fanbelt. She gives
text: him the towels, opens them both a can of beer. Bob's
text: face and uniform are smeared with grease.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (glances at watch) -
dialog: Shit. But shit...
speaker_heading: : SALLY
dialog: We've got time...
speaker_heading: . BOB
dialog: Fucking funeral...
text: From another sound perspective, a VOLLEY of RIFLE SHOTS
dialog: is HEARD.
scene_heading: EXT. NAVAL CEMETERY ~ DAY
text: A military funeral is ending.
speaker_heading: PETTY OFFICER
text: Aim, fire. Aim, fire. Present,
dialog: Arms!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: As the bugler sounds tape, we SEE: Bob, still smudged
text: with grease, seated next to his mother, AMANDA HAYNE.
text: Beside his mother is GRANDMOTHER HAYNE, senile and obli-
text: vious to the goings on. Sally stands behind Bob, and sur-
text: rounding her are aging Naval.Officers, all in dress
text: uniforms. A few civilians ere among the mourners. The
text: empty sleeve of a one-armed captain is flipped from his
text: pocket by the wind and waves in the face of Grandmother
text: Hayne, she doesn't react, continues to stare into space.
text: A grizzled CHIEF ‘PETTY OFFICER retired, with blue
text: weathered skin, cries unashamedly. Limousine drivers.
text: are gathered around one of the cars, listening to the
text: news of the Tet Offensive on the RADIO.
speaker_heading: ESCORT COMMANDER
dialog: Order, Arms.
text: The band pleys "America The Beautiful" while the body
text: bearers fold the flag into a cocked-hat shape, then the
text: chaplain presents the folded flag to Amanda.
speaker_heading: ESCORT COMMANDER
dialog: Platoon Leaders, take charge.
text: The bellow of the ESCORT COMMANDER trips off a noisy
text: series of shouted orders as the platoon leaders manerv~.
text: phetr men. As she rises from her chair, Amanda tu:~s to
dialog: Ob:..
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Why were you so late?
text: Before Bob can answer, the grizzled C.P.O. throws an arm
text: around his shoulder...
dialog: C.P.0.
dialog: (jabbing at Bob's
dialog: greasy uniform)
dialog: Look at yourself, goddamit, you
dialog: know what your old man would have
dialog: _ Said? You're out of uniform, sailor.
dialog: Yessir, his own son or not, he'd of
dialog: had your ass, kid, he'd of run you
text: up a flagpole and shoved it in. I
dialog: love that old son-of-a-seacock. .
dialog: Make him proud of you, Robbie, you
dialog: hear? .
text: Sally has been watching Bob carefully for signs of danger.
text: She takes his arm.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Why don't you ride to the airport
dialog: with your mother, I'll bring the
dialog: car...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 5
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: You're such a dear child. How did
dialog: you ever get mixed up with that
dialog: roughneck?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Leatherneck. -
speaker_heading: : AMANDA”
dialog: Leatherneck, roughneck. Jack was
dialog: such a gentleman...
dialog: (a glance to Bob)
dialog: e+. and he always made it a point
dialog: to be prompt. .
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Oh, shit.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: He never spoke 2 coarse word or
dialog: smoked 2 cigar in my presence. An
dialog: Annapolis gentleman.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Not today...
text: As they approach a waiting limousine, the news program is
dialog: turned off.
text: Amanda squeezes Sally's hand.
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: Don't let him do anything dumb,
dialog: honey. You know how they are. He
dialog: doesn't have to go, you know, the
dialog: only son of a Navy widow. And I
dialog: still have a few connections, if
dialog: it comes to that. It's up to you,
dialog: now. Take good care of him, he's
dialog: all I've got left...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (kisses Amanda's
dialog: cheek)
dialog: I will, Amanda... Have a good
dialog: flight... .
text: Bob follows Amanda into the limousine. A Navy usher
dialog: drives up
dialog: in.
text: in the El Camino. Sally nods to him and gets
scene_heading: EXT, FREEWAY BY AIRPORT - DUSK
text: The El Camino leaves the airport, pulls onto the freeway.
dialog: 4,
scene_heading: 7 INT. EL CAMINO - DUSK
text: Bob shows the effects of spending time with his mother.
text: Sally sits close to him.
speaker_heading: BOB :
dialog: I'll tell you what she does, she
dialog: drives me crazy! I can't take
dialog: being around her...
speaker_heading: . SALLY
dialog: ».» Oh, I think Amanda's just old
dialog: and lonely... And she's worried,
dialog: she's afraid you'll go to Nam...
dialog: She really cares about you.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Bullshit, she cares about herself.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (moving closer)
dialog: Well, I'care about you.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: How much?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (rubs his leg)
dialog: A lot...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Are you worried?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: No... You'll do whatever's best.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: i am a goddam good Marine, aren't
dialog: ? : .
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Numero Uno.
text: He turns and kisses her. She puts a hand on the steering
text: wheel, keeping the El Camino on course. .
scene_heading: 8 INT. BAR - NIGHT
text: A JUKEBOX competes with the TV war news at one end of the
text: bar. Bob and Sally are the only ones dancing -- with
text: drunken abandon, late fifties style -- with more anger
text: than joy. The music ends and Sally guides Bob to their
text: pooth. They sit, Bob looks at their empty pitcher of
text: beer, then rises...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 10
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I'll get us a refill, don't go
dialog: away...
text: Sally, out of breath, smiles as Bob takes the pitcher to
text: the bar. She turns, looks up at a YOUNG SERVICEMAN in
text: ecivies, leaning on the booth, drinking beer from a bottle,
dialog: watching TV.
speaker_heading: : SALLY
dialog: What's the news?
scene_heading: YOUNG SERVICEMAN
dialog: Still fighting, I guess...
text: Bob turns from the bar to see him talking to Sally. Bob
text: explodes across the room, swings the man away from the
text: booth and knocks him across the dance floor. The man
text: comes up swinging the beer bottle. His companions ere in
text: front of him immediately. Sally is.on her feet, clutching
dialog: Bob's arn.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Hey, if you want to rassle, big
dialog: boy... .
text: (nuzzles his ear) -
dialog: Let's get out of here.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (drunk and pissed off)
dialog: That little punk...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: C'mon, gimme the keys. I'll drive...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Forget it...
text: She pulls Bob out of the tavern.
scene_heading: EXT. MARINE BASE ENTRANCE - NIGHT
text: A Marine M.P. sergeant snaps to attention and salutes as
text: Bob drives through the gate.
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICERS' HOUSING - NIGHT
text: The El Camino passes row upon row of identical houses,
text: small and well-kept. Bob parks, he and Sally get out.
dialog: ll
dialog: 12
dialog: 13
scene_heading: INT. BASE HOUSE ~ NIGHT
text: The interior of the house is little more than a motel,
text: despite Sally's efforts at individuality. Sally enters
text: first, followed by Bob. As soon as he closes the door,
text: Sally leaps on him, grabbing Bob around the neck, tries
text: to wrestle him to the floor. He easily lifts her off her
text: feet, stumbles across the room and falls with her onto
dialog: the couch...
scene_heading: . SALLY :
dialog: Bastardt . .
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Bitch!
text: They roll off to the floor. The grappling begins in half-
text: earnest. Sally resists furiously, enjoys it but is on
text: the verge of real pain and outrage. Bob, finding a release
text: for his anger, struggles to contain Sally, stopping short
text: of actually hurting her. The sexuality increases as the
text: violence continues until Sally, exhausted and outmatched,
text: Surrenders to Bob. The mock rape is over, they begin to
dialog: make love. : .
scene_heading: INT. BASE HOUSE BEDROOM - NIGHT . .
text: Sally sleeping, wakes up as she hears a CRASH from th-
text: other room. She looks around, sees Bob is not *: bed,
text: gets up, Slips on a robe and leaves the bedroom.
scene_heading: “INT. KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: Bob has the toaster apart on the bar. He looks up as -
text: Sally appears.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: mo BOB
dialog: Sorry, I woke you up, the insides
dialog: fell out... , mo.
text: . (looks down at the
dialog: toaster)
dialog: Damn thing, wouldn't pop up, thought
dialog: I'd clean it out...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: «++ Now?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (empties crumbs out
dialog: of toaster)
dialog: I should be there... I'm a Marine
dialog: and that's where I should be..-
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (sits on bar stool)
dialog: You don't have to, you know...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I know that -- but I can't do shit
dialog: in California... I should be in
dialog: Nam.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (pause)
dialog: ‘,.. I love you.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (leans forward, puts
dialog: arm around him)
dialog: ir you want to go, go.
speaker_heading: BOB Ll
dialog: I know.
text: Sally rubs Bob's neck as he starts to reassemble toaster.
scene_heading: EXT. MARINE BASE - DAY
text: Bob, wearing olive green USMC skivvies, runs past rows
dialog: of military equipment; tanks, trucks, etc.
scene_heading: INT. BASE HOUSE ~ NIGHT
text: Sally sits in the living room blankly gazing at the TV.
text: Bob does pushups in a corner of the room. Sally turns
text: away from the television, silently watches Bob as he. .
dialog: exercises,
scene_heading: EXT. RIFLE RANGE - DAY
text: Bob FIRES an AUTOMATIC RIFLE alongside SERGEANT DINK
text: MOBLEY. Bob's weapon jams.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (tries to pull back
dialog: bolt) .
dialog: ~»» Aw, fuck...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16
dialog: 17
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Dink stops firing, helps Bob out...
speaker_heading: . DINK
text: It's turning into a heavy-duty war
dialog: over there...
dialog: BOB Lo. .
dialog: (clears rifle)
dialog: Hallelujah!
speaker_heading: DINK
dialog: I'll drink to that...
text: They both resume FIRING.
scene_heading: INT. BEAUTY PARLOR - DAY
text: ~ Sally sits getting her hair done. She tries to read a
dialog: magazine, can't, puts it down.
scene_heading: INT, BASE HOUSE - DUSK
text: Sally stands watching as Bob packs with compulsive pre~
text: eision, leaving discarded wrappings and personal oddments
text: strewn around the room.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You'll pay the bar bill?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Natch...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Better make a note.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Already have.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Oh, another thing -- get that
dialog: generator checked, right away.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Okay... It was hysterical in the Px
dialog: today. I started to order stationery
dialog: with our addresses printed on and
dialog: then it dawned on me you don't have
dialog: an address. I don't even have a
text: return address. I almost bawled.
text: Like a kid, in front of everybody.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: They can't kick you out of here
dialog: until the end of the month. Rent's
dialog: paid. And the first thing you do
dialog: tonight, you call my mother. :
scene_heading: SALLY . “
dialog: Sure. :
speaker_heading: . BOB
dialog: You know she thinks you're the only
dialog: good thing about me... And there’s
text: trotting horses and three cousins
dialog: and two teenage nephews who'll tar
dialog: and feather any stud that comes
dialog: around annoying you...
scene_heading: * “SALLY .
dialog: You're sweet. You think every mal
dialog: wants to seduce me.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: It only takes one. Better go...
text: He shoulders nis duffel bag and they leave the room.
scene_heading: EXT, MARINE BASE BUS STATION - DUSK
text: Bob drives directly to the door of a small building which
text: serves as a terminal. A USMC bus idles noistly outside.
text: Bob and Sally get out of their car, he unloads his things.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (hands him small
dialog: wrapped package)
dialog: Here... Good luck.
text: Bob smiles, takes the package, starts to take the ribbon
dialog: ofr.
speaker_heading: BoB
dialog: Hey, thanks.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: No, open it later...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Okay... well... Be sure and call
dialog: Amanda.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Iwill...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19
dialog: 20
dialog: el
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A quick kiss, then Bob turns and heads for the building.
text: He stops by a couple in an embrace, taps Dink on the ©
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: C’mon, Dink... .
text: Dink breaks from the clinch with his girl, VI, follows Bob
text: onto the bus. Sally looks after Bob for a beat, then
text: turns away quickly and gets into the car. She makes an
text: awkward start, a U-turn and drives away.
scene_heading: INT. BASE EOUSE KITCHEN ~ NIGHT
text: Sally dials telephone. Moves to the refrigerator, makes
text: vodka over ice es she talks.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Hello, “pmanda, it's Sally. Well,
dialog: turn it off, I have something to
dialog: tell you... It's about Bob, we
dialog: couldn't let you know because of
dialog: security, but... that's right, he's
dialog: gone...,No, he couldn't have called
dialog: you -= no way. Amanda, you're
dialog: acting like a child... I won't -
dialog: listen to that, you listen... you’re
dialog: @runk... I'll talk to you when
dialog: you're sober.
text: Sally hangs up, drains her drink and pours another. The
text: rae RINGS, Sally grabs 1t angrily and speaks without
dialog: Wi ing.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I don’t want to talk to you now,
dialog: Amanda.
dialog: (cuts off, then dials)
dialog: HL, Earl, can I talk to Cathy.
scene_heading: INT. EARL AND CATHY DELISE'S HOUSE - EVENING
text: EARL; a slightly overweight Marine Captain, watches TV with
text: his two sons as he talks.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: I'm more fun, but what can I tell
dialog: you? If you dig my wife...
dialog: (covers mouthpiece)
dialog: It's Sally. Call her back. I'm
dialog: hungry.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: al
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: CATHY, preparing dinner in the kitchen, (identical to
text: Sally's) comes to the phone.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Hello, Sally-o.
scene_heading: INT. BASE HOUSE - EVENING
text: Sally at the refrigerator, adding ice to her drink.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Hi, Cathy, look, I have a sensational
dialog: idea for the magazine. A Combat
dialog: Correspondence page ~- letters from
dialog: guys in Nam to their wives.
scene_heading: INT. EARL AND CATEY'’S ~ EVENING
text: Earl gives Cathy a look.
speaker_heading: , CATHY
dialog: Sounds great. But I'm really into
dialog: dinner now, the kids and all...
scene_heading: INT. BASE HOUSE - EVENING
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (hiding disappointment)
dialog: Oh, I'm sorry, sure, maybe I could
dialog: drop in later after you get them
dialog: to bed. We could have a drink and
dialog: talk about it... Hey, Cathy, no
dialog: sweat. Make it tomorrow.
text: Sally breaks the connection, dials again. The first call
text: is busy. The second doesn’t answer. She dials again, the
text: first number 1s still busy. She hangs up and sits staring
text: at the television hypnotically. The PHONE starts to RING.
text: Startled, she refuses to answer. She tries to escape into
dialog: the bedroom: .
scene_heading: INT. BASE HOUSE BEDROOM - EVENING
text: The SOUND of the PHONE follows Sally. She stands in the
text: middie of the room, for the moment totally engulfed by the
text: evidence of Bob's absence... discarded clothing ~~ empty
text: drawers open -- a damp towel over the tub -- an open tube
text: of toothpaste -- naked hangers in a dark closet -- twisted
text: Sheets and pillows still marked by the imprint of sleep...
text: then the phone stops ringing and Sally returns to the
dialog: living room.
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: INT. BASE HOUSE LIVING ROOM - EVENING
text: Sally closes the bedroom door and takes the phone off the
text: hook. She finds her drink, sits in front of the TV, try-~
text: ing to follow the soundless image. She takes a sip, sud-
text: @enly aware of the burning of the alcohol. She sets the
text: drink on a table, covers her face with her hands, and
text: begins to cry. The sobbing bulids as Sally yields to her
dialog: sadness. :
scene_heading: INT. BASE HOUSE LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Sally in the chair asleep. She wakens, startled by the
text: SOUND of the DOORBELL. She looks at herself in the mirror,
text: straishtens her heir with her fingers, hides the drink
text: behind the picture of Bob, then.turns...
speaker_heading: . SALLY
dialog: Who's there?
speaker_heading: VI (0.S8.)
dialog: I got a message from Bob!
text: Sally opens the door to Viola Munson, a pretty, tough,
text: brassy kid from New Jersey. While she speaks, Vi sizes up
text: Sally and the house.
speaker_heading: VE
dialog: I'm Vi... I was at the bus with
dialog: Dink.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oh. Right. Sure. Want a drink?
dialog: A beer?
speaker_heading: vI
text: No, they're waiting. The take-off's
dialog: been delayed and the boys want
dialog: company. .Dink asked me to tell
dialog: you. I guess your phone’s been
dialog: busy.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I'took it off the hook.
dialog: vr
dialog: Got a sixpack? They want a sixpack
text: and a pizza.
text: Sally hurries to the kitchen for the beer. Vi peeks into
text: the bedroom, raps on the wall, notices Sally’s hidden
text: Qrink. She turns as Sally returns with the beer.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: You a lush?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: )
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: No, I'm not...
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: I could be, I go through phases...
dialog: I didn't know officers had to live
dialog: in these kinda places...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: They're not bad, and it's more
dialog: convenient than town... Let's GO.-.
text: Vi takes a last look around the house as they leave.
scene_heading: EXT. AIR TERMINAL - NIGHT
text: The El Camino is parked behind Vi's VW van. Bob, his head
text: on Saliy's shoulder, admires his gift from her, a wedding
dialog: band.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (holds up hand)
dialog: Looks pretty damn fancy.
speaker_heading: . SALLY
dialog: I love it... But you'il probably
dialog: take it off when you go on liberty.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Bullshit. I won't take it off...
dialog: Look, I'll be able to send you
dialog: whatever you need. I've got good
dialog: feelings about this. I think those
dialog: gooks shot their wad with this TET
dialog: -Offensive. It's a mopping-up
dialog: operation from here on out. I aim
dialog: to come back a Major, maybe a
dialog: Lieutenant Colonel and buy us a
dialog: little old place on the beach with
dialog: “a Porsche in the garage, y'’hear?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Wow! Colonel and Mrs. Robert
dialog: Hayne... I'll have to lengthen all
dialog: my dresses...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: +s. and get a girdle.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: +. and change my hair, wear it in
text: a bun.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 28
dialog: 29
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: And definitely watch your language.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: For sure... become very reserved.
text: They both look up as the rear door of Vi's van opens: un-
text: expectedly. Vi and Dink, disheveled, crawl out, cross
text: toward the terminal building...
text: . BOB .
dialog: (watching them)
dialog: Of course, if I came back as a
dialog: Sergeant, we could do whatever we
dialog: felt. like...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (holds him close)
dialog: Just come back... okay?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (smiles at Sally,
dialog: opens door)
dialog: Goddam right...
dialog: (pauses )
dialog: Are you going to call Amanda?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Already did.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I couldn't reach her... I’ll try
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Okey... See you,
text: Sally reaches for Bob, hugs him tightly.
scene_heading: EXT. AIR TERMINAL - NIGHT
text: The last of the Marines are loaded aboard the transport.
text: Vi stands with several other wives or girlfriends of en-
text: listed men, mostly black or Chicano. Sally stands
text: slightly apart at the fence, less because of snobbery
text: than shyness. As the plane takes off, the group stands
text: watching the lights disappear, then breaks up and starts
text: toward the parked cars. Vi nods. to Sally in passing.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: See you around, babe.
text: Sally smiles, watching Vi pass, then suddenly takes the
text: Plunge, half-running after Vi.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: 29 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Vi -- is that Violet?
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Would you believe Viola?
speaker_heading: SALLY -
dialog: I wanted to say thanks for coming
dialog: to get me, Viola.
dialog: . VI
dialog: Sure, okay...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Coulda I buy you a drink?
dialog: vi
dialog: (gets into van)
dialog: You don't have to. It’s okay.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I wish you'd let me, I. really don't
dialog: want to be alone.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Where's open? No place is open.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: The Officers' Club...
dialog: vi
dialog: (starts van, turns
speaker_heading: on RADIO)
dialog: Doesn't interest me.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I don't care where. I just don't
dialog: want to go back to that house for
dialog: a while.
dialog: . VI
dialog: The Shanty might be open, but it's
dialog: a little raunchy this time of night...
text: Sally, on the verge of tears, tries to make a funny face
text: up at Vi but her voice doesn’t carry over the sound of
text: loud ROCK from the’ RADIO.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I guess that's that.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: \ (turns down radio)
dialog: I live a couple of miles down. Wanna
dialog: come over?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: We've never been separated before,
dialog: not really...
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Stay close. :
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH ALLEY - NIGHT
text: A crowded one-way street, a block or so from the sand.
text: The van pulls into the garage of a modest shingled house .
text: circa 1929. Vi turns down the RADIO and yells:
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: ‘ (pointing) .
dialog: Park in that garage. ‘The © place in
text: front's empty.
text: Sally parks as Vi flips a porch light on and goes into
dialog: her apartment.
scene_heading: INT. VI'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Vi turns on the overhead light as she enters. She crosses,
text: turns on TV, tries to smooth over the unmade bed, gives up
text: as she notices how messy the rest of tne apartment is. A
text: framed picture of Dink sits on an end table, and tacked
text: te one wall are snapshots of a slim, sensitive young man
text: with long blonde hair and a wisp of a beard, the opposite
text: of Dink. Sally enters es the TV suddenly BLARES; the end
text: of 2 prayer leading into the Star Spangled Banner over
text: patriotic images as the station signs off the air. Vi
text: turns: sharply to switch channels.
dialog: vi
dialog: Shit...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Don't!
text: Vi waits, watching Sally curiously as she stands silent,
text: her eyes tearing as she listens to the end of the anthem.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Okay?
speaker_heading: SALLY :
dialog: I'm sorry, I just ~- tonight
dialog: especially -- I felt almost
dialog: superstitious about it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: *
dialog: y
dialog: 31
dialog: 17.
scene_heading: CONTINUED: .
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: (turns off TV)
dialog: Whatever gets you through the
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: It's the way I was raised, I guess.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Me, too... Is a beer okay? That's
dialog: all I got.
text: Sally nods, Vi opens fridge.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Do you have to stay in that place?
dialog: If he's in Nam?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: God, no! I can't, even if I wanted
dialog: to. That's officers' quarters.
dialog: When Bob goes, I have to move
dialog: off base.
speaker_heading: “VI
dialog: No shit -=- that's spooky -- you're
text: the hole in the doughnut. When
text: the doughnut goes, there's no hole.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I think if the Marine Corps meant
dialog: you to have a wife, they'd issue
dialog: you one.
speaker_heading: ws vI “
dialog: Yeah, sprayed olive green... Hey,
dialog: you wanna sleep over? Take a swim
dialog: in the morning? <
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Well...
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: If you can stand the mess.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I should get home...
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Good question. Okay.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: . 18.
speaker_heading: 31 CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Thanks.
text: Sally kicks off her shoes and sits on the bed, noticing
text: the pictures on the wall.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: That's my kid brother.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Nice face.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Yeeh, he got it all. He inherited
dialog: the brains, the beauty, the
dialog: personality, the talent. Then he.
dialog: got drafted. He's the only reason
dialog: IT hang out here. Really.
speaker_heading: - SALLY
dialog: Not Dink?
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Dink the kink? Well, he's part of
dialog: it. But the kid's in the V.A.
dialog: hospital. Psycho ward. They sent
text: him back without an ignition. So
dialog: I'm stuck with him, .
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I'm sorry... that must be hard on
dialog: you...
dialog: VI .
dialog: Well, I see him every day. I work
text: in the kitchen at the hospital.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Is he getting better? I mean...
dialog: . VI
dialog: Who knows? They don't... I don't
dialog: ».. Listen, you can hear the ocean.
text: The SOUND of the SURF 1s SOFT. Over it, a PHANTOM JET
text: TAKES OFF and FADES AWAY.
scene_heading: 32 EXT. BEACH - MORNING
text: A foggy California morning.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Vi and Sally are in the surf up to their knees, both
text: freezing, neither wanting to venture out any farther.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Do you do this every morning?
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: I've lived here six months. Dink
dialog: pushed me.in once, this is the
dialog: second time...
scene_heading: . . SALLY
dialog: It's cold.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: _ ‘Thate it.
speaker_heading: - SALLY
dialog: So do I... I'd better get going
dialog: soon...
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Why? Where to?
speaker_heading: " SALLY
dialog: Home, I guess....
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: What're you going to do there?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I don't know. I've got to get it
dialog: over with... And I should try to
dialog: figure out something to do -- to
dialog: keep me busy...
speaker_heading: vI
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: ++. Those assholes...
text: They remain in the surf, ‘motionless as the water swirls
text: around their legs.
scene_heading: INT. SPINAL CORD WARD, VA HOSPITAL — DAY
text: The ward is divided by screens and curtains into a series
text: of four bed cubicles, facing each other across the aisle.
text: A central PA SYSTEM PLAYS MUZAK to the captive audience,
text: interrupted occasionally for hospital announcements. A
text: barrel-chested orderly, known as PEE WEE, is in the pro-
text: eess of turning over a quadriplegic in his bed.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 33
scene_heading: "COMING HOME” - Rev. 1/3/77 20.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LUKE (0.8.)
dialog: Corrine?... Corrine?... Pee Wee!
text: Pee Wee is a bit irked at the interruption, turns to see
text: LUKE MARTIN, lying on his stomach on a gurney. Luke is
text: 2 red-eyed, hairy-faced Viet Nem veteran, paralyzed from
text: the waist down.
speaker_heading: PEE WEE
dialog: - “(continues to work
dialog: with quad)
dialog: How are you today, Mr. Martin? .
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I stink.
speaker_heading: . PEE WEE
dialog: I smell booze.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I need a bath.
speaker_heading: PEE WEE
dialog: -Expecting visitors?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: ‘Jesus, man, give me a break...
speaker_heading: PEE WEE
dialog: I just have two hands and too many
dialog: assholes to clean.
speaker_heading: LUXE
dialog: That's what you're paid for!
speaker_heading: PEE WEE
dialog: You know, Mr, Martin, you get more
dialog: money from Uncle for your disability
dialog: than me and my old lady make put
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: LUKE.
dialog: Don't give me that bullshit...
dialog: Where's Corrine? I'm filled up.
speaker_heading: PEE WEE
dialog: How the hell would I know?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You don't know shit...
text: Luke moves away, propels gurney with canes,
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: ~
dialog: 33
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Corrine!
speaker_heading: PEE WEE
dialog: (calls after Luke)
dialog: You better watch that booze, It'll
dialog: mess up your kidneys...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: - (not looking back)
dialog: Up yours!
text: Luke stops at the doorway, reaches down, fumbles as he tries
text: to remove urine bag hanging from the gurney.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (muttering)
dialog: e+» Goddamn stupid civil service
dialog: bastards -- let you drown in your
dialog: own piss... Corrine, where the hell
dialog: are you...?
text: He awkwardly removes the bag from the catheter tube, holds
text: one of the canes and the bag in the same hand, and exits
dialog: the ward.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - SPINAL CORD WARD - DAY
text: Luke comes into the hallway on the gurney, almost hitting
text: Sally as she walks by. She stumbles to avoid him, knock-~
text: ing the cane and the bag from his hand, urine splattering
text: on the floor.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't see you...
text: Sally instinctively bends down to pick up the cane; she
text: hesitates when she sees the bag. Sally rises, looks at
text: Luke. Their eyes meet for en instant, sharing the em-
dialog: barrassment.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (begins to sob)
dialog: Oh, shit...
text: He cries in his own rage as he swings his remaining cane,
text: smashing a cart of medications, a tray of juice. Sally,
text: still holding the other cane, backs away.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I've had it! i ORE) fucking had it!
speaker_heading: MORE
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
scene_heading: 2s Meowne HOME" - Rev. “1/3/TT
scene_heading: “34. ° CONTINUED: oo
dialog: 
speaker_heading: - LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: er Hear this, all you medics and
dialog: orderlies and interns and aides
dialog: and doctors and nurses! Where the -
dialog: hell are you? Where the hell is :
dialog: ‘anybody? You treat us like nobodies -
dialog: _ in this goddamn hospital and I'm
dialog: not nobody, I am fucking somebody!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: _ Sally stares at Luke from a safe distance with a flash of
dialog: - recognition, although we do not yet understand .1t. The ..
text: MUZAK is interrupted to summon Dr. Lincoln to Spinal Cord.
text: -=.. HEAD NURSE DEGROOT steamrollers from one end of the cor-
text: ‘, rider. CORRINE, the black aide, bears down on Luke from .
text: :the.other end. Luke spots DeGroot and Corrine, raises” his
text: cane threateningly... :
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Poko, LUKE | ,
dialog: Now: ‘you’ re coming, now you're here!
dialog: ‘Corrine, there's something on the | O
dialog: .: floor for you. a
dialog: : _ (to DeGroot) sf
dialog: You come near me and ra break your.
dialog: - head}
speaker_heading: Pe -CORRINE — :
dialog: ey 7. soe (to DeGroot)
dialog: I've ‘bout had it with this dude.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (waving cane)
dialog: - You're all so goddamn slow! “Can't
dialog: :. you broads move? Come on near me,
dialog: -. Iwanta hit your ass! I wanta see- ‘
dialog: you move! I wanta hit somebody that ©
dialog: 1,can't even move!
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Selly,’ ‘std17 hol aing Luke's ° cane, stops near’ the doorway
text: ‘trying to remein unnoticed, near two paras in wheelchairs.
text: DOC DUNBARTON (W.W. IZ vet) is still a handsome man with
text: a silver mane end a pencil moustache. BOZO FIORETTI is
text: from ‘Nan, with long hair, beard and an earring.
dialog: poc
dialog: * Damn dope fiend... °
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOZO *"
dialog: ‘ Shut. up, you old fart.
dialog: 
text: oe : Luke’ tries to push. gurney with one cane ‘toward DeGroot and *
dialog: Oo. Corrine. | + .
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ars LUKE Me
dialog: I want out! Can you hear me? us o
dialog: ‘I want out of all this shit! aS
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 
dialog: 34
scene_heading: “COMING HOME” - Rev. 1/3/77 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: The gurney spins around, Jams against the wall. DR.
text: LINCOLN enters the corridor, joined by Pee Wee, who
text: comes out of the ward. Luke looks up to the doctor.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Doctor, for Christ sakes! I
dialog: couldn't even get my piss bag
dialog: changed! I want back in a
dialog: chair! Please, get me back
dialog: in a chair!
text: Pee Wee moves toward him. Luke swings out with the cane, -
text: put Pee Wee easily sidesteps it and pins Luke's arms to
text: the gurney.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: .Oh shit, Pee Wee -- C'mon...
text: DeGroot takes a nearly-empty bottle of wine from under
text: Luke's sheet, hands it to Dr. Lincoln.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Goddamit, DeGroot, that's my
dialog: personal property!
speaker_heading: DR. LINCOLN
dialog: (surveys damage)
dialog: He do all this?
speaker_heading: DeGROOT
dialog: Yes, sir. He's been pretty wild,
dialog: threatening us egain.
speaker_heading: DR. LINCOLN
dialog: Give him one CC of Thorazine.
dialog: Put him in a private room, let
text: him cool off.
speaker_heading: DeGROOT
dialog: Yes, Doctor.
text: Lincoln leaves. Pee Wee and DeGroot wheel Luke away.
text: Sally leans to Bozo.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (holding out cane)
dialog: What should I do with this?
text: Bozo looks up at her, grins, doesn't say what he would
dialog: like to say...
speaker_heading: BOZO
dialog: - I'll take it...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 34
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
scene_heading: ““COMING HOME" - Rev. 1/3/77
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Who is that man?
speaker_heading: BOZO
dialog: Luke... Luke Martin.
speaker_heading: SALLY -
dialog: That's right... Luke... : .
text: Corrine approaches Sally.
speaker_heading: CORRINE
dialog: You looking for somebody, honey?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I came to see Fleta Wilson --
dialog: -about volunteer work.
speaker_heading: CORRINE
dialog: {points off)
text: End of the hall, next building.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (starts away)
dialog: Thanks .
speaker_heading: BOZO
dialog: (calls after her)
dialog: Don't let them put you into one of
dialog: those smocks. Wear. something
dialog: really tight. You've got a great
dialog: body...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (flattered)
dialog: . Thanks... I'll see you...
speaker_heading: BOZO
dialog: I hope so.
text: Bozo turns to watch her leave.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Sally stops in front of a door marked "Volunteers - Fleta
text: Wilson - Supervisor." She looks at the door for a beat,
text: then down to the damp spot on her stocking, hesitates,
text: makes a decision and knocks.
speaker_heading: FLETA (0.S.)
dialog: Come in.
text: Sally enters the office.
dialog: 37
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: INT. VOLUNTEERS! OFFICE - DAY
text: FLETA WILSON, tough, dedicated, wearing a gold star, sits
text: behind a desk, working on paperwork. Sally shuts the door.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Mrs. Wilson?
speaker_heading: ae FLETA :
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I think I want to be a volunteer.
dialog: I don’t think, I know I want to work
dialog: as a volunteer in the Spinal Cord
dialog: Ward.
speaker_heading: . FLETA
dialog: Sit down, please. I'1l be with you
text: in a moment. .
text: Selly sits. Fleta continues to shuffle through paperwork.
scene_heading: INT. SPINAL CORD PRIVATE ROOM — DAY
text: Pea Wee transfers a sedated Luke from the gurney to the
text: bed. Luke's lips attempt to snarl e protest but his eyes
dialog: do not open.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON —
text: Vits van is parked behind the El Camino. She and Sally
text: load the sewing machine into the van. The back of the El
text: Camino 18 piled with odds and ends from the base house.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (as they load van)
dialog: God, I had such a weird morning. I
dialog: ran into this guy I went to high
dialog: school with, I mean, I rammed him.
dialog: .He's paralyzed. His... you know...
text: his bag spilled all over me.
dialog: . VI
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: That's hysterical -- ‘Johny, how
dialog: nice to see you again! -- pow!
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: He was drunk, I could hardly
dialog: recognize him, he was such a mess...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Poor bastard. Did he know you?
dialog: What'd he say?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I don't think he knew who I was...
dialog: I couldn't remember his name, I hed -
dialog: to ask.
dialog: vI.
dialog: (looks over to her)
dialog: You Know, you picked a very tough
dialog: Place to start out, babe. Those
dialog: wards are pretty weird.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: ... Even the way they look —- for
dialog: -the first time in my life I talked
text: to a man who was wearing an earring...
speaker_heading: vI
dialog: Not used to those types?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Bob would shit, he's so all-American.
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Hey, sweetheart! !
text: They turn to see a convoy of young Marines rolling past the
text: house on trucks, whistling and shouting at Vi and Sally.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Ignore them.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: .If we ignore 'en, they'll stop
dialog: looking...
dialog: (shouts )
dialog: Which one of you mothers has balls
dialog: enough to come and get it?
text: Sally laughs as Vi does an obscene bump and grind. . At: the
text: same time, the convoy moves past and Sally sees the oppo-
text: site side of the street, where neighborhood wives are
text: gathered with their children, butch-cut, wearing USMC T-
text: Vi reaches into the van, takes two beers from a
text: six-pack and hands one to Sally.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Is that it?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: That's it.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39
dialog: ko
speaker_heading: AL
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: SALLY (CONT'D)
dialog: You know, I've lived in’ base houses
dialog: like this, facing faces like that,-
dialog: for -~- since I left Lincoln High
dialog: practically... yeah, that's it.
text: Vi gets into the van. Sally waves to the wives across the
text: street as she crosses to the El Camino.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH HOUSE ALLEY ~ DUSK
text: Sally and Vi carry the last load from the van into a small
text: house around the corner from Vi's.
scene_heading: INT, BEACH HOUSE - EVENING
text: The room is piled with Sally's belongings. The furniture
text: is old and comfortable, arranged around a large rustic
text: fireplace. Other renters have added an over-sized bean-
text: bas, psychedelic lights and other trendy touches. Sally
text: is unpacking files and books, sipping on a beer. Vi is
text: curled up near the hearth, rolling a joint. . The war news
text: lays on TV,-silent images against a record of the Stones
text: on STEREO.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: “I went back home once when my old
dialog: lady died. There was nothing left
dialog: of me. They tore down my past to
dialog: build a shopping center.
dialog: * (offers Sally a joint)
dialog: “Do you smoke?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Bob's a boozer...
dialog: (then takes it)
dialog: What the hell -- why not? -- yeah.
text: Sally takes a toke, not expertly, but aware of the tech-
text: nique.. She hands it back to Vi, carries a large high
text: school yearbook to the hearth.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Want to see what I used to look like?
dialog: (shows Vi pictures)
dialog: There's a better one of me as
dialog: cheerleader -- look at that hair.
dialog: - VI
dialog: (reading)
dialog: ‘Sally Bender. Nickname Sal.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: nw
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VI (CONT'D)
dialog: What one thing would she want on a
dialog: desert island? A husband.’
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (leafs through the
dialog: pages)
dialog: God, it's embarrassing... Let's see
dialog: — here he is -- 'Luke Martin.
dialog: Nickname, The Duke. What one thing
dialog: would he want on a desert island?
dialog: A mirror.'
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE ROOM = NIGHT
text: Luke is partially conscious, twisted awkwardly into the
text: bedcovers, haif on his side. He frees one arm with dif-
text: ficulty, raises his head and looks around, disoriented.
text: The room is dark. He whispers toward the right.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Bozo?
text: There is no response,. Luke finds a button and rings for
text: the nurse, struggling to turn to his left.
speaker_heading: . LUKE -
dialog: Virgil?
text: Again no answer. Luke lies still for a moment, then jerks
text: the covers from his body. He falds the bottom sheet over
text: himself lengthwise, tugging carefully in an attempt to
text: lift the dead weight of his legs and roll them over. He's
text: sweating with the exertion, panting, fighting an over-
text: whelming desire to sleep. Suddenly, his body goes off the
text: edge of the bed. He grabs onta the sheet, trying to slow
text: his fall. His head strikes a bedside stand, spilling the
text: water jug, paper cups, a note pad and a ballpoint pen.
text: “His legs stay on the bed, caught in the sheets, as his
text: torso hangs to the floor. The lights come on. An aide,
text: JASON, enters. Luke looks up, wild-eyed.
speaker_heading: LUKE.
dialog: Don't you touch me!
text: He takes the ballpoint pen suddenly and places it point up
text: between his ribs, directly under his heart, supporting
text: himself in a push-up position, holding the pen upright
text: between his chest and the floor.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: ~ All I have to do is let go. I don't
dialog: really give a shit. You're already
dialog: killing me.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 4
dialog: 45
dialog: . 29.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Jason quickly reaches for Luke, holds his shoulders and
text: lifts him back onto the bed. He takes the pen away and
text: straightens out the bedding.
speaker_heading: JASON
dialog: They never should have freed your
dialog: arms, man.
text: Luke lies spent, exhausted, as Jason tucks his arms tightly
text: under the sheets and ralses the sides of the bed.
scene_heading: INP. VA HOSPITAL CORRIDOR - MORNING
text: Doe Dunbarton sits in his wheelchair, watching the doorway
dialog: like he used to watch trains as a kid, He and Sally ex-
text: chenge a smile es she enters, starts down the hallway.
scene_heading: INT. VA LOCKER ROOM - MORNING
text: Sally finishes changing into a smock. She checks herself
text: in a wirror, blushes es Fleta enters.
speaker_heading: FLETA
dialog: You look very pretty.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Iwas just... I look okay?
speaker_heading: PLETA
dialog: Quite acceptable. Whenever you're
dialog: ready, you can report to Head Nurse
dialog: DeGroot.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (a parting glance in
dialog: : mirror)
dialog: I guess I'm all set...
text: As Sally starts to go:
speaker_heading: FLETA
dialog: One bit of advice, Mrs. Hayne. I
dialog: know it's going to be hard for you,
dialog: but just remember, don't put up with
dialog: any of their bullshit.
text: Sally looks at Fleta for a beat, then leaves the locker
dialog: roon.
scene_heading: INT. SPINAL CORD WARD - MORNING
text: An early-morning poker game is in progress at one end of
dialog: the ward.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 
dialog: 45
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: BARNEY VAIL was a stick man in Vegas before Korea. LCEWEL
text: JOHNSON, a black para, has some mysterious importance in
text: the "real world" outside. HIRAM BEAM wears his W.W. II-
text: medals on an American Legion cap. VIRGIL HUNT, a black
text: para and a ventriloquist, sits with his dummy, Superslope
text: a grinning caricature of a Saigon street Arab. PEPE FIER(
text: a quad from Nam, deals with the aid of prosthetics.
speaker_heading: SUPERSLOPE
dialog: (looks at Virgil's
dialog: cards )
dialog: Heah! You're killing me!
dialog: (looks off)
dialog: Wow! Dig that round-eyed chick,
dialog: yank! Come on, baby, light my fire!
text: Sally smiles as she pushes a cart of juice into the ward.
text: The game is interrupted as the men react to Sally.
speaker_heading: SUPERSLOPE
dialog: Wanna fuck, round eyes?
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Superslope!
speaker_heading: SUPERSLOPE
dialog: (louder)
dialog: Can I kiss you? Can TI sniff?
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Shame on you!
dialog: on
text: Sally serves juice to the men in bed, tries to politely ig-
dialog: nore Superslope.
speaker_heading: SUPERSLOPE
dialog: I'm hard all over, sweet ass, I'ma
dialog: bargain in this ward!
speaker_heading: HIRAM
dialog: (ready to play cards)
dialog: For God's sake, Virgil, shut up!
speaker_heading: SUPERSLOPE
dialog: Yessir, Mr. Beam. Right away, sir!
dialog: (to Virgil)
dialog: Hear that dummy? You're disturbing
dialog: the gentlemens...
text: Corrine enters, wheeling cart of food. Sally crosses tc
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (quietly motions to
dialog: poker game)
dialog: Should I serve them juice?
speaker_heading: CORRINE
dialog: Ask the Lord, honey, I just work
dialog: here. When youtre through, help
dialog: me feed the quads, okay?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (wheels toward poker
dialog: game )
dialog: .-. Sure.
text: As Sally nears the table, Superslope starts up again.
speaker_heading: SUPERSLOPE
dialog: You got it all, mama-san! Tits,
dialog: ass -- you got it all!
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Quiet, Superslope!
dialog: (to Sally)
dialog: Matam, I apologize for my friend...
text: Sally weakly nods, starts giving players juice.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: (to Superslope)
dialog: Stop that gook stuff, man. Round-
dialog: eyed ladies are civilized, dig?
text: wo SUPERSLOPE .
dialog: Yeah, man, they don't dig like
dialog: fucking or loud-mouthing or loud
text: music, or bad smells like sweat or
dialog: shit or garlic. And they hate ugly,
dialog: man. So you'd better look out, boy,
dialog: ‘cause you are the ugliest mother
dialog: I ever did see...
text: Superslope's head turns 180 degrees to watch Sally walk
text: away, then turns back to look at Hiram's cards.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE ROOM - MORNING
text: Luke lies on his back, his arms immobilized by a white
text: hospital restraining jacket. Pee Wee is trying to feed
text: him but Luke spits the food out of his mouth, knocks the
text: spoon out of Pee Wee's hand with his head. Pee Wee starts
text: again patiently. The game obviously has been going on for
text: some time. Luke's chest is a mess.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: My arms. Let me have my arms —- I
dialog: ean feed myself.
speaker_heading: PEE WEE
dialog: You better take what you can get,
dialog: Mr. Martin. ,
text: Luke spits out another mouthful. Pee Wee gets up and
dialog: leaves, .
scene_heading: INT. SPINAL WARD - MORNING
text: Sally carries a tray to RORY MAYHEW, a strikingly handsome
text: young quad with a wispy beard which partially conceals the
text: tracheotomy opening in his neck. Sally hesitates, startled
text: ‘and unsure. Rory's eyes are closed but his lips are moving
dialog: silentiy. .
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Chow...
text: Rory's eyes open and he smiles a glowing welcome to Sally.
text: His eyes roll, trying to indicate the rubber cork on his
text: beside stand. Corrine comes to the bed.
speaker_heading: CORRINE
dialog: He ain't transistorized. He’s
dialog: gotta be plugged in for sound.
text: “Corrine laughs. Rory grins. Sally takes the rubber cork
text: ana pushes it into place. Rory's voice has an oddly hol-
text: low rasp.
speaker_heading: : RORY
dialog: Just saying a prayer to Jesus...
dialog: Have you ever thought of giving
dialog: your life to Jesus?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: .Not really...
text: She is so tense by now that she spills half a spoonful of
text: Oatmeal on Rory's beard. She daubs at it quickly with a
dialog: Kleenex.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Don’t say a word. You're lucky I
dialog: hit your mouth.
dialog: uw
dialog: 33.
scene_heading: 4s INT. SPINAL WARD CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Sally wheels food cart past ward to row of private rooms.
text: She stops at one, knocks lightly. There is no answer. She’
text: opens the door and looks in; she sees Luke, a mess,
text: covered with food, eyes closed.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Luke?... -
speaker_heading: ; LUKE
dialog: (opens eyes slowly)
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: SALLY ;
dialog: Can I come in?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I don't give a shit.
text: She goes into the room.
scene_heading: 49 INT, PRIVATE ROOM — DAY
text: Sally starts to close door, changes her mind, leaves it
dialog: open,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Do you know who I am?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Nope.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Sally Hayne... I mean, Bender,
dialog: remember? Lincoln High?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh, yeah... How're you doing?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Okay...
dialog: A moment...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: vee SO?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I'm a volunteer.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Terrific...
text: Sally stands; a beat of silence, then goes to sink, moistens
dialog: towel.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: 4g CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (moves to bed)
dialog: Wow -- this is really a mess.
text: Sally starts to wipe him off.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: Sally Bender -- Lincoln High...
dialog: Yeah....Weren't you a cheerleader?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Sure -- for three years.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (looks her over)
dialog: Seems like you're still in shape...
speaker_heading: . SALLY
dialog: (pause)
dialog: -»-. When were you... wounded?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: A long time ago...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: In Nem?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Where else?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: My husband just went there...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Poor bastard. Didn't we used to
dialog: call you 'Bender-over!?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: * (shocked)
dialog: What? Who said that?
speaker_heading: . LUKE
dialog: Everybody.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: They did not.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Sure, they did.
speaker_heading: . SALLY
dialog: They didn't. What are you talking
dialog: about?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: he
dialog: 50
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Oh ~- I'm just kidding -- Listen,
dialog: Sally, can I talk you into doing me
dialog: a@ big favor?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Well, sure... I guess so.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: -How about undoing this thing?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Luke, you know I can't do that.
speaker_heading: LUKE ,
dialog: Sure, you can -- it's easy, just a
text: couple of snaps.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: C'mon, Sally ~~ please.
text: There is a moment of indecision on Sally's part, then De-
text: Groot and Pee Wee, wheeling a gurney, enter.
speaker_heading: DeGROOT
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Well, I just thought that Luke was...
speaker_heading: DeGROOT
text: (moves past her,
dialog: interrupts)
dialog: -We'll tend to Mr. Martin, Sally,
dialog: you're needed on the ward,
text: Sally stendas in the doorway for a beat, watches DeGroot be-
text: gin to take the restraints off Luke. He looks to Sally.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You almost got yourself a gold star,
dialog: Bender. ,
text: Sally exits. Luke smiles.
scene_heading: INT. SPINAL CORD WARD - DAY
text: Selly stacks empty food trays onto a cart. A cheer goes
text: up. Sally turns, sees Luke being wheeled back into the
dialog: ward by Pee Wee.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: The voices call, "Get your bath, Luke?" "Lotte improvements
dialog: since you left!" "Things are really changing, baby!" etc.
text: As Sally watches, Luke responds in kind. He is among
dialog: brothers,
scene_heading: EXT. VA HOSPITAL PARKING LOT - DAY
text: Vi is walking her brother, BILL, across the parking lot.
text: He wears the regulation outfit issued to psychiatric
text: patients. He is young, tall and slender, with long blond
text: hair and pale blue eyes.. He is rapping excitedly.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Like, Sis, listen, I flashed this
dialog: morning, maybe I'm depressed because
dialog: E'm getting back bad karma, So I
dialog: decided I was going to try for one
dialog: whole day, I was gonna smile at
dialog: everyone I met. At first, most
dialog: people were suspicious, like about
text: sixty-forty negative feedback. But
text: then it started to change. The sun
dialog: got higher. I got higher because
text: people were smiling beck...
text: They pass Sally, standing by the EL Camino, hood up. Billi
text: flashes a smile which Sally returns spontaneously before
dialog: she seas V1. .
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Hey, Sally. My brother, Bill.
speaker_heading: : SALLY
dialog: Hi, Bill. Hey, Vi, do you have a
dialog: jumper cable ~- my battery is dead
dialog: again.
dialog: vi
dialog: Sure. Soon as I turn this nut case”
dialog: in. Doctor Ring!
text: Vi yells across to DOCTOR RING, Korean Chief of Psychiatry.
text: He leaves a group of zombie-like veterans, starts toward .
dialog: Bill and Vi.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: {at Ring)
dialog: I can smile hate for that incompetent
dialog: asshole and say twice as much as if I
dialog: was talking.
text: Sally laughs, exchanges a tolerant grin with Vi.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: i
dialog: 52
dialog: 37-
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: You two just did it. You smiled at
dialog: Sally, 'See what I have to put up
dialog: with?’ and she smiled back at you,
dialog: ‘He's harmless.’ Sis, did you see
dialog: what happened? Sally and I just had
text: a whole conversation in smile contact.
dialog: . VI
dialog: Are you on uppers?
text: Bill smiles at Dr. Ring, then leans his hands against the
text: wall and spreads his legs like a street arrest.
speaker_heading: DR. RING
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: ‘How about a game of chess, Bill?
text: Bill follows Dr. Ring toward the group without looking back.
text: Selly and Vi exchange a smile which says more than words
text: coulé, cross back to Sally’s car.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: So you just met my brother...
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: He seems happy enough — in a good
dialog: mood.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Sure -~ he's a miracle of modern
dialog: medicine... What's with your hot
dialog: roa? .
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Same old shit.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Ain't that the truth...
scene_heading: EXT, PATIO ~ BEACH HOUSE ~ LATE AFTERNOON
text: Vi sips on a beer as Sally reads aloud a letter she has
dialog: written to Bob.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: '... And as much as I care for your
dialog: mother I really felt I would be
dialog: happier staying in California. The
dialog: place I found is small, yet it’s just
dialog: perfect for me.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52
dialog: ~~
dialog: 53
dialog: leg.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: INT. PHYSICAL THERAPY ROOM - DAY
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: SALLY (CONT'D)
dialog: I miss you terribly, but I have
dialog: been spending a lot of time with
dialog: Vi, we're getting along great, so
dialog: you don't have to be concerned about
dialog: me being alone. Also the work at
dialog: the hospital keeps me busy and I ve
dialog: love it, it feels like I'm doing . -
dialog: something worthwhile with my time.’
dialog: ‘(she turns to Vi)
dialog: And then there's a real sexy ‘goodbye!
dialog: and then ‘Love, Sally.’
dialog: VI : .
dialog: Nice letter. : .
speaker_heading: : SALLY
dialog: Thanks.
dialog: vI .
dialog: But you didn’t tell him the house
dialog: you rented was at the beach.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: And you didn't tell him you baught
text: a new car.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oh, my God, are you kidding? Bob
dialog: has never let me make 2a decision
dialog: like that, He'd come unglued. He's
dialog: got enough problems where he is, I
dialog: don't want to add to them... At
dialog: least he'll be happy it's a Porsche,
dialog: I hope...
dialog: . VI
dialog: I see... It's still a nice letter.
dialog: (lights a joint)
dialog: I got one from Dink this morning.
dialog: All he said was 'Got you another ear
dialog: today.' Poetic, huh?
text: CLOSE SHOT-of physical therapist PAT, stretching Luke's
text: Luke lies on his stomach on a therapy bench. Pat
text: is intense, involved in his work, as he exercises muscles
text: Luke cannot use on his own.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: SA aet
speaker_heading: AP LOPT SE
scene_heading: INT. SPINAL CORD WARD - DAY
text: Luke is on his gurney talking to Sally as she makes room
text: for an addicional two ads atong one wall. _She moves trash
dialog: seeele
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: A Captain? You’re married to
dialog: a Captain? .
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (smiles at reaction)
dialog: That's right.... What were you?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Sergeant... -
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Well, @ sergeant has a lot of
dialog: responsibility.
speaker_heading: LUKE 7
dialog: (sarcastic) . ‘
dialog: Sure... They sent me the stripes
dialog: when I was on the hospital ship....
dialog: My reward...
dialog: SALLY |. .
dialog: I don't think that's anything to be
text: so cynical about.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Why. aren't you out on the golf course,
dialog: Bender? What the hell are you doing
dialog: here?
speaker_heading: : SALLY
dialog: (pushes bed)
dialog: I guess I wanted to keep busy --
dialog: 7 help out if I could. I didn't want
dialog: to just sit around and...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: Yeah, maybe it gives you something
dialog: to talk about with the ladies each
dialog: evening -- down a couple of cognacs
text: and belch out horseshit about the
dialog: good deeds you did for the poor gimps...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Nav beatae
speaker_heading: 524
speaker_heading: CEM EE
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Sally, taken aback by Luke's derision, stands for a
text: . moment looking at him, glances around at the others
speaker_heading: 523
dialog: alin oes -. . se of a be
text: in the ward, ibe sits un ite elge of a bed.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I didn't deserve that, Tuke -- .
dialog: at all.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: -..Or’maybe you're just getting ready
dialog: for your husband to get shipped
text: back in a bag...
text: Luke turns away, pushes the gurney out the door. Sally
text: stays on the bed for a beat, then rises, goes after him.
scene_heading: INT. SPINAL CORD CORRIDOR - DAY
text: Sally catches up with Luke as he moves through “the
dialog: hallway.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I want you to stop and listen
dialog: to me, Luke. .
text: He keeps going. Sally reaches out, holds the rear of the
text: gurney, holds him back. Ile stvuggles with the canes,
dialog: can't get anywhere, gives up.
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: 1 (stands behind him,
text: : holds gurney) .
dialog: I don't know what your problem
dialog: is, I wouldn't even pretend to
dialog: know... But from what L've seen
dialog: of you, Luke, your head is screwed
dialog: Up more than your body. I guess
dialog: you "ve got your reasons, and maybe
dialog: they' re “valida -- I don't know --
dialog: (she pushes gurney
dialog: away
dialog: I just think you're a bastard
dialog: for what you said..
text: Sally turns, starts back. Tule
text: on a gurney, a sheet over hin.
text: the sheet over the quad's head,
dialog: 
speaker_heading: (CONTLNGED)
scene_heading: REVISED 1/18/77 38¢.
speaker_heading: 52B
dialog: 52¢
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Ney, Bender!
dialog: (she stops, turns)
dialog: Run this cat down to the morgue,
dialog: huh?
text: Sally stares at him, then disappears around a corner.
text: Luke watches her go, while the quad tries desperately
text: to blow the sheet off his head. Luke turns, flips the
text: sheet back, moves down the corridor. _
scene_heading: INT. BOWEL AND BATH CARE - DAY
text: Sally wheels a PARA on a GURNEY into a large room filled
text: with other. gurmeys. All the men are on their backs. She
text: takes a NUMBER from a hook as they énter and hands it to
dialog: the para.
text: She goes to the other side of the room where men have
text: been brought out of the bath section and are waiting to
text: be dried. As she starts to ary the first man, we can
dialog: see that it is hard for her, that the total impact of
text: the men's helplessness, the scarcity of trained
dialog: personnel, the endless lines and indignities the patien?~
dialog: must suffer is devastating.
dialog: wf
dialog: 53
dialog: 55
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: You know Mills, the new kid in
dialog: your ward?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I've seen him...
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: Those doctors ‘put the poor guy in
dialog: such a‘fucking downer -~ told him
dialog: to forget about wearing clothes
dialog: any more -- Said he'd spend the
dialog: rest of his life in bed. Christ,
dialog: I could've had him in a chair in
dialog: a month, now it'll take six --
dialog: fucking doctors...
text: We now REVEAL, in the b.g., lines of men waiting for turns
text: on the sparse equipment the hospital provides. The pa-
text: tients in line for Pat shout at Luke, half angrily, half
dialog: in jest: "Jesus Christ, you ain't the only one here,
dialog: Martin!" "You guys getting married?" "Kiss him on the
dialog: lips, Martini", etc.
scene_heading: EXT. V.A. HOSPITAL GROUNDS - DAY
text: The grounds ere quiet. A tractor pulling a trailer de-
text: signed to transport gurneys and wheelchairs stops in front
text: of the Hydro-Therapy building. Sally hops off the trail-
text: er, the driver lowers a ramp and helps Sally roll DENNY,
text: an elghteen-year-old quad, down to the ground. The driver
text: waits in the tractor as Sally pushes the gurney into the
dialog: building.
scene_heading: INT. HYDRO-THERAPY ROOM - DAY
text: We FOLLOW Sally into the room and REVEAL paras, quads and
text: amputees jammed against the wall, waiting for treatments
text: in the therapy pool. The pool is also crowded. ‘Two
text: therapists are in cherge, one operating the hoist which
text: raises and lowers quads, the other in trunks, working in
text: the knee-deep water. Sally wheels Denny to the end of
text: one line, circles the pool to head for an aging man on
text: a@ gurney who waits to be returned to the ward. She slows
text: as she nears Luke, in the pool with Virgil. At the side
text: in line, are Bozo, Dewey, Hiram and Pepe. Bozo is talking
text: with an amputee from Nam, GORDON. .
speaker_heading: BOZO
dialog: It shows they don't respect me,
dialog: sticking me in lines -- they just
dialog: don't give a damn...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 4a.
speaker_heading: 55 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Don't give me that shit, you waited
dialog: in line in the fucking Army!
speaker_heading: BOZO
dialog: Why don't they put in another pool?
text: Sally stops to listen, standing in front of Superslope,
text: slouched alone and silent against the tile wall.
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Christ, they don't have that kind
dialog: of money.
speaker_heading: DEWEY
dialog: They had it for air strikes I
dialog: called in!
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: That's the military, not the VA,
dialog: Jesus!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Some fucking budget. It's a matter
dialog: of priorities...
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: Are you sure?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hell yes -~ the military lays
dialog: pressure down for anything they -
dialog: want, but we're about as much use
text: to them as a burned-out tank...
speaker_heading: HIRAM
dialog: (angered)
dialog: That's bullshit, Martin, you goddam
dialog: whiner! You meke me sick.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Meybe so, Pop, but you're from a
dialog: different war. You know, I haven't
dialog: been contacted once by the Marines
dialog: since I've been on my ass... Always
dialog: faithful, horseshit!
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: I was a draftee ~-- we were never
dialog: faithfal...
speaker_heading: GORDON
dialog: : I think you guys would biteh about
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: {(2)
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Shit! Bozo said it, 'we aren't
dialog: respected', and that hurts, man.
dialog: It hurts and it pisses me off.
dialog: Fuck 'Semper Fidelis’!
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: {moving closer)
dialog: Christ, Luke! My God, I've had
dialog: ‘enlough contact with the Corps to
dialog: know that's not true.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: yl.
dialog: 55
dialog: Then why do they turn their backs
dialog: on what's going down in places like
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I don't think they know!
speaker_heading: DEWEY
dialog: They know what they want to know.
speaker_heading: BOZO
dialog: They could sure ask if they could
dialog: help, or if there's anything we
dialog: wanted.,. That would meke a difference.
speaker_heading: LUKE,
dialog: Right on, brother, anybody put
dialog: a Chaplain!
speaker_heading: PEPE
dialog: (withdrawn from
dialog: conversation;
dialog: locking into
dialog: therapy pool)
dialog: You know, every time I go into ©
dialog: that pool I get a hard on...
text: Sally turns and heads for the old man’s gurney, wheels
text: him out. The men start to rib Fepe.
scene_heading: INT. SPINAL CORD WARD ~ DAY
text: CLOSEUP on Luke. He is moving as he speaks. CAMERA PULLS
text: BACK SLOWLY.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: -» Sports model... She's beautiful
dialog: wwe+ Isn't too old either... Young
dialog: and tender, man, just what I like
dialog: Lot of speed,.. Back in the saddle
dialog: .-. Hot stuff...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: he.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: We SEE that he is transferring from his bed to a wheelchair.
text: Pat stands nearby.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (settles in, excited)
dialog: Son of a bitch!
text: Luke does a wheelie, the chair tips, Pat catches it. -
speaker_heading: : PAT
dialog: Hey, man, wait a few minutes before
dialog: you get into that kinda shit, huh?
text: Luke grins at him and tears off through the ward.
scene_heading: INT. SALLY'S BEACH HOUSE ~ LIVING ROOM ~ NIGHT.
text: Selly and Vi, stoned, smoking grass, Sally sits on a
text: chair, Vi stands behind her, blow-drying Sally's freshly
text: washed hair into a frizzy style.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: -+» And I never know what he's
dialog: gonna do next, y'know? One day
dialog: he won't stop jabbering and the
dialog: next he acts like he spent the
text: night with his head in the toilet
dialog: -+. I don't know, babe... Sometimes
dialog: I have dreams about him, like it's
dialog: old times, We're laughing and
dialog: having a hell of a time -~ and
dialog: then I wake up.
dialog: (steps back, checks
dialog: Sally's hair)
text: ~-. IT got an old, beat-up shirt
dialog: that'd look great on you...
dialog: (resumes drying)
dialog: That's when I miss Dink ~- I never
dialog: even realized it... He's a lot
dialog: more to me than a roll in the
dialog: sack, y'know? I really feel lonely
dialog: now -- scared 2 lot too. I just
dialog: don't want him to get totaled,
dialog: that'd probably finish me.
dialog: (steps back)
dialog: Well, what do you think?
text: Sally takes a toke as she heads for the bathroom mirror.
dialog: wn
dialog: wo
dialog: 43.
scene_heading: EXT. VA HOSPITAL GROUNDS ~ DAY
text: A hand-painted sign is stretched above the entrance to the
scene_heading: Veteran's Administration reading JULY FOURTH HANDICAPPED
text: OLYMPICS = PUBLIC WELCOME. The CAMERA FOLLOWS a car as it
text: drives through the entrance, REVEALING as we go; picnic
text: benches lined up next to a "Jack-In-The-Box" hamburger
text: catering set-up, a patriotically decorated speaker's
text: stand, empty except for a microphone, a "Good Humor" ice
text: cream truck, and a wheelchair football game that is in
text: progress. As the car makes a U-turn, we SEE that most all
text: of the spectators strung along the sidelines of the field
text: are patients, many of whom watch from gurneys and wheel-
text: chairs. A few of the patient's families are present, even
text: fewer of the hospitel staff. The car makes its way back
text: to the speaker's stand. A couple in their sixties get out,
text: the mean wearing en American Legion hat and jacket. They
text: g0 to the trunk of the car, take out two cardboard boxes
text: filled with gold plastic trophies and set them on the
text: cand, The man checks his watch, then he and his wife
text: stroll back to watch the football game.
scene_heading: EXD. FOOTBALL GAME ~ DAY
text: Virgil and Superslope play announcer and color man over a
text: loudspeaker set-up, The teams ere an assortment of paras,
text: eld and young, long-haired and short-haired, agile and
text: clumsy. Some are bedecked in outlandish counter-culture
text: garb, others in football jerseys, others in tee shirts.
text: Luke 4s playing halfback on the FREEWHEELERS, a team that
dialog: includes Bozo, Pepe, Dewey and others we can recognize
text: from their ward. They are distinguished by green crepe
text: paper wrapped eround their wheelchairs. Superslope is
text: hollering into the microphone...
scene_heading: SUPERSLOPE .
dialog: I want a field goal! Can't you
dialog: morons kick a field goal?
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: (jabbing him)
dialog: Cool it! You are one insensitive
dialog: dude, manl
speaker_heading: . SUPERSLOPE
dialog: Field goal! Field goall
text: Sally, her hair natural and frizzy, 1s on the sidelines
text: leading cheers for Luke's team. Vi is there with Billi,
text: who holds a guitar at his side and appears withdrawn.
text: The geme is raugh, each team eager to win. Pat, the
dialog: physical therapist, acts as referee. He 1s kept busy
text: breaking up squabbles, righting wheelchairs and trying
text: toa keep the game from becoming a paraplegic gang fight.
text: The game will be dramatized in MONTAGE fashion,’ such as:
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: DIALOGUE FOR VIRGIL/SUPERSLOPE
scene_heading: SCENE 59 ; by alia FOOTBALL COMMENTARY
dialog: 1/20/77
speaker_heading: SUPERSLOPE
dialog: I want a field goal! Can't you morons
dialog: kick a field goal?
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: (jabbing him)
dialog: Cool it! -You are one insensitive
dialog: dude, man!
scene_heading: : . SUPERSLOPE
dialog: Field goal! Field goal!
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: We're still working on a scoreless
dialog: tie here, folks -- Freewheelers 0,
dialog: Chairchargers 0.
scene_heading: SUPERSLOPE .
dialog: Ain't no runnin', man! Can't have
dialog: scorin' without runnin’ You need
dialog: footwork, keep those Enees high an’
dialog: we'll see, some jukin an' jivin' an'
dialog: fakin' an' heavy endzone action!
dialog: Cleers at women)
dialog: ...-An' speakin' of scorin' ~- I'd
dialog: like to lob 2 pass at any of you
dialog: ladies who dig timber...
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Superslope: We're on the air, man...
speaker_heading: SUPERSLOPE
dialog: Yeah....
dialog: (sees Bill run across field)
dialog: Aiyeee! Crazy loony loose on the gridiron:
dialog: Escaped from his cage! Tackle that man!
dialog: * Shoot him: Back to the madhouse, you
dialog: maniac:
dialog: . (sees Bill with Sally)
dialog: She's mine! Stay away from her with
dialog: your depraved mind! He's rabid, Sally --
dialog: a rabid lunatic!
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: How about just sticking to the game,
dialog: huh?
speaker_heading: SUPERSLOPE
dialog: Game? You call this a game, dummy?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: VEIRG Lif SULTON OMYE Verb aieuee
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: I certainly do -- it's more than a
dialog: game to those men that are playing...
speaker_heading: SUPERSLOPE
dialog: Just rollin’ around bumpin’ each other, man...
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: It has an , importance to them... Hey!
dialog: Nice pass: That's a gain of twelve yards...°
speaker_heading: SUPERSLOPE
dialog: Who cares?
dialog: (sees Luke onto field)
dialog: Oh, look at this: A big, mean white man's
dialog: decided to play -- gonna be trouble
text: in the turf, guts on the grass -- that
dialog: man is a grumpy mothah, man...
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Luke Martin replaces Alex Dowdell
dialog: for the Freewheelers.
speaker_heading: SUBERSLOPE
dialog: Martin hes been plagued with a bad
dialog: knee, but the trainer's have...
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: (cuts him off)
dialog: Superslope! Ease off, huh man?
speaker_heading: SUPERSLOPE
dialog: --.And he is also hampered by a pulle?
dialog: .groin muscle.... Can‘ t be too bir cs
dialog: an injury, knowin' Martin...
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: C'mon, can't you give the fellows
dialog: a little encouragement, man?
speaker_heading: SUPERSLOPE
dialog: Sure, baby -- sure!
dialog: (sings)
dialog: Fight on, you men in chairs,
dialog: Playin’ football, can't climb stairs.
text: Throwin' passes, goal line stand,
dialog: . Never gonna make it in a marchin' band.
dialog: Ban heads, crashin' like shit,
dialog: You a go, to heaven, but your chairs won't fit.
dialog: Ole, man:
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: You're a sentimental little gook, man..
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: “yu
scene_heading: VRBO OU OU UT LUG 3.
speaker_heading: SUPERSLOPE
dialog: (sees Sally leading cheer)
dialog: Yi! That mama can check me for termites
dialog: any time, man...
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Watch the game!
speaker_heading: SUPERSLOPE
dialog: I'm watchin’ my game, man -- papa's
dialog: watchin' mama workin’ out!
speaker_heading: cos VIRGIL
text: Martin takes’ the pass -- he's in the
dialog: clear! There he goes!
speaker_heading: SUPERSLOPE
dialog: Let. him go man...
speaker_heading: WIRGL 2 no £9
dialog: He's at theG0, 45, 40.7 hat 6
speaker_heading: "SUPERSLOPE ’
dialog: Get: off your ass, Martin:
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: 30, 25, 20...
text: SUPERSLOPE (looks at Sally)
dialog: Would she marry a Buddhist, man?
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: “10, 5, TOUCHDOWN!!
speaker_heading: SUPERSLOPE
dialog: If t could get her in my hootch,
dialog: she'd convert, man.
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Freewheelers 6, Chairchargers 0!
speaker_heading: _ SUPERSLOPE
dialog: That tomato hes legs like a redwood,
text: man -- legs like a redwood...
dialog: i
speaker_heading: REVISED 1/21/77
scene_heading: P.A, ANNCUNCER'S DIALOGUE (HARRIS)
scene_heading: SCENES 60-62 JULY FOURTH PICNIC
dialog: 1/21/77
text: Harris is on the speaker's stand, a table lined with
text: trophies beside him. His wife, MARGE, sits to the rear.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: Before I announce any of our upcoming
dialog: events, I just want to express my thanks
dialog: to those hoys that played football --
dialog: that was a heckuva game! You talk about
dialog: your American spirit, a show of grit and
dialog: determination, I saw it all out there on
dialog: that field this afternoon. To me, there
dialog: is no better way to celebrate our Nation's
dialog: independence than through the courage of
dialog: you young men. Also, I'd like to thank
dialog: the Veteran's Administration for giving
dialog: us this day, and for providing us with
dialog: 2 schedule of non-stop competition. We'll
dialog: be starting off with the track and field
dialog: events, and any of you boys that are
dialog: interested in competing, you just run’ down
dialog: Pat Miller, he'll sign you up. I do want to
dialog: caution you all to steer clear of the
dialog: javelin, discus and shot put areas, keep
dialog: your eyes open and practice ‘safety first.'
dialog: (he turns) .
dialog: Marge, do you have the program? .
text: (she rises, hands it to him)
dialog: Thank you. Later in the day, Marge will
dialog: be conducting the old Bingo game, you *on't
dialog: want to miss that:
dialog: (reads program, Marge leaves stand)
dialog: After the.field events, we'll have the
text: wheelchair slalom, six volts. Directly
dialog: following thet, we'll have the grand
dialog: slalom, and that, friends, will be the
dialog: big one, twelve volts?
dialog: reads)
dialog: I want you all to be sure and drop by
dialog: the weight lifting competition, I think
dialog: you'll be astounded at what some of these
dialog: youngsters can do.
dialog: We'll have the finals coming up very soon
dialog: in the archery tournement, and, from what
dialog: I've seen, we've got a flock of Robin Hoods
dialog: on hand today, believe me.
text: (Marge comes up, hands him note)
dialog: Aha! Gordon Dickson is challenging all
dialog: comers at the ping pong table -- he'll
dialog: take anybody on -- one at a time --.two
dialog: : at a time, it doesn't matter to hin,
text: ’ old Gordy is a whiz with that paddle.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
scene_heading: iARRIS DIALOG - CONTINUED: . 2.
dialog: 1/21/77
dialog: ~
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: (looks off)
dialog: It looks to me like Larry Schneider is
dialog: whomping everybody's butt over there in
dialog: horseshoes. He took all the honors last
dialog: year. Darn it, I want somebody to get
dialog: on over and give that fella some competition!
dialog: C'mon, you soldiers, fall in around the horseshoes,
dialog: give that man a run for his money:
dialog: : (reads program)
dialog: We've got 4 couple of favorites in
text: the wheelchair sprints, Jimny Marble
dialog: and Rod McClennan. They're the speedsters
dialog: all right, go like greased lightening
dialog: in those chairs.
text: (Marge hands him another note)
dialog: Oh, Listen to this! Jeffrey Fields took
dialog: two out of three games from Gordy at
dialog: ping pong: What an upset, folks, Gordy —
dialog: must be slowin’ down.
dialog: (reads)
dialog: oe ;in the half-mile, I just gotta think
dialog: it's a wide open field, and any of you
dialog: lads that have strong arms and faith in
dialog: ‘your wind, why don't you go ahead and
dialog: enter, you may-just come away a winner.
dialog: I do have some bad news, friends -~ in spite
dialog: of last minute attempts by the Veteran's ~
dialog: Administration and myself, the Fire Department
dialog: has said absolutely no Fireworks. t know
dialog: we had them on the schedule, and I'm sorry
dialog: to disappoint you, but the boys in blue
dialog: know best.
text: Before we hand out the trophies for the
dialog: athletic’ contests, I want to announce the
text: winner in the V.A. Hospital's Essay Contest.
dialog: The men were given the subject, ‘What July .
dialog: Fourth Means To Me’, and asked to express
dialog: theiz thoughts in essay form. Well, let me
dialog: tell you, I spent a few sleepless nights
dialog: before I could come up with a winner, they
dialog: were all just first-rate, but, I finally
dialog: had to settle on a doozie, by none other than
dialog: Willie Mason!
dialog: Come on up here, Willie: Darn it,
dialog: you're the winner!
dialog: Get on up here! I'm not going to read it!
dialog: Yes sir: Willie Malone's essay on ‘What
text: July Fourth Means To Me‘ takes first place
dialog: and you're going to hear it straight from Willie!
scene_heading: WILLIE MALONE'S SPEECH
scene_heading: SCENE 62 - 1/20/77
speaker_heading: WILLIE ’
dialog: "What July Fourth means to me.'
dialog: I guess the first thing I remember
dialog: was when I was a kid -- my folks would
dialog: take us all down to the park. The whole
dialog: town would turn out. That was a little
dialog: place in Eastern Oregon called Baker.
dialog: It used to be a pretty busy town back
dialog: then., did a lot of gold mining and
dialog: jumbering. My father was a rancher. It
dialog: isn't much now, the mines have closed
dialog: and the trees ain't what they used to
dialog: be, but I remember it like it was.
dialog: Seems like my mother spent days cooking
dialog: for the picnic, and around about July -
dialog: first,-my’pa's mind would start wanderin'
dialog: and he wouldn't give a damn about the
dialog: cattle, That got us kids pretty excited,
dialog: lookin' forward to all that food and
text: the skyrockets and all. At the park, they'd
dialog: have flags flyin' and games of chance,
text: kissing booths and wrestling matches.
dialog: But let me tell you, no matter what they
dialog: had there to keep me busy, that day was
dialog: always too long for me. I wanted the sun
dialog: to go down, ‘cause when it got dark, th.
dialog: band would pley the Stars Spangled Bes ner
dialog: and the fireworks would start up. 1‘d
text: just lie back on the grass and watch them things
dialog: explode, and I'd start thinkin' about
dialog: how brave those men were that fought in
dialog: the Revolution. I'd dream about those men,
dialog: how they went to war for our freedom. I guess
dialog: that's when I decided to be a soldier, lying
text: in the grass seeing the sky lit up with
dialog: those rockets, hearing that music. I enlisted
dialog: when I became of age, I served in Europe
dialog: in World War 11 and was involved in the
dialog: . liberation of dozens of towns. As I passed
text: through them, as I saw the faces of the people,
dialog: I realized I had fulfilled my dream, I had
dialog: become one of those men who had gone to war
dialog: for freedom. Anyway, I sure wound up doing
dialog: what I wanted to, and that's what freedom means,
dialog: and that's what July Fourth means to me.
dialog: 60
dialog: yy
speaker_heading: CONTINUED;
text: Players scrambling for fumbled ball.
text: A completed pass.
text: Crunching blocking between the linemen.
text: Sally cheering.
text: Quarterback being throw for loss.
text: Superslope and Virgil, commentary.
text: Luke makes a five yard gain.
text: Pat checking a fallen para’s leg.
text: Bill and Vii watching.
text: Luke taking a short pass and breaking loose for a long run
text: and a touchdown.
text: Game finishes, Freewheelers win, fans come onto field,
dialog: congratulate players.
scene_heading: EX?. FOOT: BALL FIELD - DAY
text: Vi runs to hug breathless Sally.
speaker_heading: vI
dialog: You were terrific!
speaker_heading: ALLY
dialog: Was I? I was scared to death —
dialog: I thought I was making a fool out
dialog: of myself...
speaker_heading: LUKE (0.S.)
dialog: Hey, Benderl
text: Sally turns. Luke approaches, banged up and sweating.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I saw you out of the corner of my
dialog: eye a few times, reminded me of
dialog: the old days.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I used to be better.
speaker_heading: "LUKE
dialog: So did I.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I'm sorry. That was dumb.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It's true. Time takes its toll.
dialog: Can I buy you ladies a hamburger?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Sure... Luke, this is Vi...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: 60 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: . (shakes hands)
dialog: Luke, the Duke, right?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Right. Nice to meet you, Vi.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: (turns, pulls Bill
dialog: * ever)
dialog: Luke, this is my brother Bill,
text: he's an inmate in L-1.
text: Bill and Luke exchange a soul-brother handshake.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: ‘How're you doing, Bill?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Pretty good... A little tired...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Then let's eat, that'll help.
text: As they move toward the Jack-In-The-Box stand, we HEAR
text: over a LOUDSPEAKER...
speaker_heading: PA ANNOUNCER
dialog: Coming up, we have the wheelchair
text: slalom, six volt. Directly following
dialog: that event, we will have the grand
dialog: slalom, and that, friends, will be
dialog: the big one, twelve volts.
scene_heading: 61 PICNIC TABLE - AFTERNOON
text: Sally, Vi and Luke have finished eating. Bill has only had.
text: a few french fries. The LOUDSPEAKER CONTINUES to announce
dialog: various events, some can be SEEN in the b.g., such as
dialog: archery, javelin, shot put, discus.
speaker_heading: . LUKE
dialog: Not too hungry, huh?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: They hit you pretty heavy with meds
dialog: in L-1, don't they?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Le
dialog: 61
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: os. Oh, just selzine, melereau,
dialog: sperine, quaalude... chloralhydrate
dialog: too... Sometimes a little thorazine's
dialog: what you need...
text: Luke turns, gives Sally a long look... :
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Happy Fourth of July...
scene_heading: EXT. SPEAKER'S STAND - DUSK
text: The man in the American Leglon outfit, HARRIS, 1s on the
text: stand. He is addressing a gathering of paras and quads.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: ».. and I'm sure I speak for my
dialog: colleagues when I said this has
dialog: been an eye-cpener and a real boost
dialog: to my spirits. On the land, on
text: the sea or in the air, in the end
dialog: it's going to be technological
dialog: superiority that's going to prevail.
scene_heading: EXT. VA GROUNDS — DUSK
text: A corner of the grounds. Selly, Vi, Bill are sitting on
text: the grass. Luke is in his cheir, holding a sparkler and
text: a joint. Harris can be HEARD in the distance.
speaker_heading: HARRIS
dialog: (over loudspeaker)
dialog: «-- and when 41t comes to technology,
dialog: America simply can't be beat... .
text: The speech continues. Luke passes the joint to Vi and
text: Sally, lights another sparkler. Bill is awkwardly
text: strumming on his guitar. Vi puts her hand on his
dialog: shoulder...
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Feel like playing your song for
dialog: us?
speaker_heading: J
speaker_heading: . BILL
dialog: I can't... my fingers...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: “ot My ass. Play your song.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Bdll looks up at Luke, then. back to the guitar.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I'll try...
text: Bill picks at the guitar, Sally hands the joint back to
text: Luke as he lights another sparkler.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: ‘(sings, has trouble,
dialog: plays badly)
dialog: What 1s tomorrow, what is it we .
dialog: need?
dialog: “What will it give us, a new life
dialog: we can lead?
dialog: Will the wind crack the limbs,
dialog: of a few dying trees?
dialog: Or will the branches unite,
dialog: and bend in the breeze?
dialog: Tomorrow is hope, for it is something
dialog: I have not seen,
text: Tomorrow is unknown, a day to live
dialog: in a sunny dream...
dialog: ee. Shit!
text: He crops his guitar to the ground and begins to.sob. Vi
text: moves to him, holds her brother...
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Hey, c'mon, babe... It was pretty
dialog: good... Hell, it was very good..,
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: I can't play -- my fucking guitar...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (moves to Bill)
dialog: Help me out of this thing...
text: . Luke raises up with his arms and Sally and Vi ease him
text: to the ground. Luke grabs Bill's shoulder, hangs on...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (to Sally)
dialog: Get behind me, would you? I need
dialog: some support...
text: Sally sits behind Luke, her back to his. Luke puts an
text: arm around Bill.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Okay, man... I know it feels like
dialog: Shit... You lose something you had,
dialog: man... It feels like shit...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
text: Bill. continues to sob as Luke silently holds and rocks him.
text: American Legion speech continues in background. Sally
text: turns, looks at Bill and Luke, then glances to Vi.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICERS’ WIVES CLUB - DAY
text: The editorial staff of the OWC HOSTESS is considering two
text: photo layouts pinned to a large bulletin board. One
text: featuring Officer-son Little League activity, the other
text: posing conditions at the VA. The overcrowding, men lined
text: up outside the carwash, waiting to be dried, walls, water-
text: marked from broken windows, etc. Bozo, Luke, Virgil and
text: Superslope, and Dewey sit near the photos on display.
text: Sally is talking.
text: o SALLY .
dialog: I thought we'd use quotes from the
dialog: men themselves for captions and
dialog: really.do something interesting
dialog: for a change. Maybe it would do
dialog: some good. Get a few volunteers.
text: Cathy chairs the meeting. MARTHA VICKERY, sixtyish, blue-
text: dyed hair, 2a Colonel's wife, studies the pictures, speaking
text: with her back to the others.
speaker_heading: MARTHA :
dialog: Is that our function?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: If anyone should be concerned with
dialog: veterans.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: Of course we're concerned but there
dialog: are established veterans' channels...
dialog: (turns now, smiling)
dialog: I just want to say I respect these
dialog: young men for coming but -- well,
dialog: » in my experience -- most cripples
dialog: don’t have their courage and might
dialog: even resent being held up as objects
dialog: of pity... .
dialog: (avoids their eyes)
dialog: Isn't that so?
speaker_heading: BOZO
dialog: In my experience most cripples —-
dialog: especially Viet Nam vets -- resent
text: being hidden like skeletons in the
dialog: closet and...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: May I interrupt?
speaker_heading: BOZO
dialog: You already have.
speaker_heading: MARTHA
dialog: There's a certain self-pity about .
dialog: some of the boys from Viet Nam
dialog: that gets my dender up. I must
dialog: say.” Especially when they. start
dialog: blaming their own country instead
dialog: of the enemy...
speaker_heading: SUPERSLOPE
dialog: You make it easy, blue-head.
dialog: Dialogue ts overlapped during reactions to Martha...
speaker_heading: DEWEY
dialog: Oh Jesus...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I don't think that's fair at all,
dialog: Mrs. Vickery...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (points to the
dialog: pictures)
dialog: Is that why we're ignored? Tell
dialog: me, Is that why you turn your
dialog: backs on the pain to write about
dialog: a Little League?
text: Martha turns to leave.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Can you tell me wny you would
dialog: rather write about a fucking
dialog: home run than a home where men
dialog: live in their own shit? Forgotten
dialog: by the assholes that put then
dialog: there!
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICERS' CLUB PARKING LOT - AFTERNOON
text: The day is dark and cloudy. A VA car pulls away, returning
text: Bozo, Dewey, Virgil and Superslope to the hospital. They
text: wave as they pass Luke and Sally, arguing as they struggle
text: to fit Luke's wheelchair into the Porsche speedster. : The
text: top is down, Luke is in the front seat, reaching back...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
dialog: Du..
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: My God. My God. My God.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That fat cunt deserved every bit
dialog: of it -- they all did!
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: What did you expect? Going in there -
text: dressed like a bunch of pirates...
dialog: Wheelchair won't fit.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Move your seat up.
speaker_heading: . LUKE
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: It starts
dialog: (pushes on chair)
dialog: Sometimes a little diplomacy is
dialog: helpful, I thought we...
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: (pulls on chair,
dialog: overlaps her)
dialog: Diplomacy! You avoided the whole
dialog: issue! :
dialog: {looks back)
dialog: Is that thing going to fit?
text: to rain. Sally gives up, hurries around to
dialog: get in Porsche.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: It's good enough.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It won't stay!
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (starts car)
dialog: Then hold onto the goddamn thing!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (grasps wheelchair
dialog: with one hand)
dialog: I knew all along this would be a
dialog: waste of time -- but fuck 'em, it
dialog: did me good!!!
text: We continue to HEAR them as Sally drives off in the rain...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 51.
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I don't know how I can face Martha
dialog: again... My God!
speaker_heading: : LUKE :
dialog: Hard to believe you were a °
dialog: cheerleader...
speaker_heading: . SALLY
dialog: One thing for sure, they’1l never
dialog: mention it -- like the whole thing
dialog: never happened.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Why'd I ever listen to a captain's
dialog: wife -- Jesus!!
text: The Porsche disappears around a corner.
speaker_heading: The PEONE
scene_heading: - INT. BEACH HOUSE - DUSK
text: is RINGING. Luke, soaked, sits in his wheelchair
text: by the fire. Sally tosses him a towel as she moves to the
dialog: telephone.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (into phone) ~
dialog: Hello... Cathy, I can't talk..
dialog: No, I don't have a man here... Yes,
dialog: he's a very interesting man... No —
dialog: one's here. I'mon the tollet...!
dialog: You're grotesque...
dialog: Changs up)
dialog: She's outrageous.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: ‘I'm flattered...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: She thinks you're sexy.
speaker_heading: : . LUKE
dialog: You denied I was here.
speaker_heading: . SALLY
dialog: You are.
text: Sally crosses into the kitchen.
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: (a moment, calls .
dialog: to her) ‘
dialog: You miss a man? °
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: 66 CONTINUED:
text: Sally returns, carrying a tray with two chilled margueritas,
dialog: guacamole and. chips.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Sure. That's my thing. That's
dialog: what I do. I make a good wife.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (takes marguerita) .
dialog: I meant the bady.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: There's. more to it than a slam-
dialog: bam-thank-you-ma'am...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: There's more to sex.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I know...
speaker_heading: LUKE : .
dialog: I miss lying next to a woman's -
text: body. Looking at it. Feeling.
dialog: Touching. Getting to know, you
dialog: know, it's important, what works
dialog: for you. Intimacy. That's it.
dialog: Sharing intimacy. Intimacies.
dialog: (pause) : -
dialog: Do you always wear a brassiere?
text: Sally is acutely aware of Luke staring at her. Her shirt
text: hengs outside her slacks, half-open to her navel, reveal-~
text: ing her bra. Their eyes hold until it becomes embarrass-
text: ing. Then Sally reaches up, a reflex, fastens one button
text: on her shirt.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Even when you're alane, don't you
dialog: ever take it off? Just to feel
dialog: free? Look at yourself?
text: Sally rises, her back to Luke, staring out to the sea as
text: if looking for a breath of fresh air.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: On a night like this, I think it's
dialog: barbarous. Ritual, like women
dialog: binding their feet or wearing veils
dialog: or shaving their heads, Or corsets.
dialog: Or bustles...
text: Sally reaches an important decision. She suddenly unhooks
text: the brassiere and knots her shirttails across her ribs,
text: sharply outlining her breasts, then turns and drops the
text: brassiere on Luke's lap.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: 66 CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I was going to do a flash turn and
dialog: { say 'ta-da!' but I'm just not --
dialog: oh, shit, I wear falsies -- so
dialog: now you know. Luckily Bob's a
dialog: leg man not a tit man.
speaker_heading: LUKE .
dialog: That's a crime against nature...
text: There is a long moment of silence as they look at each
dialog: other,
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (lowers eyes)
dialog: «-- I've never been unfaithful to
dialog: Bob.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Would you believe I have principles
dialog: about other men's wives...?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (nods) .
dialog: This is all very confusing...
scene_heading: m™ 67 INT. VA SPINAL CORD CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Doc Dunbarton has fallen esleep with his finger -onm the
text: driver controls, so he travels in a tight little circle.
text: A hand comes INTO FRAME, lifts Doc's finger and the wheel-
text: chair stops. PULL BACK TO REVEAL Luke and Sally moving
text: quietly past hin.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: + Ever ridden in one of these?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Naver,
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hop on.
text: Sally smiles, climbs onto Luke's lap but holds herself
text: up, does not rest her weight on him.
speaker_heading: . LUKE
dialog: . C'mon, sit down.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: . Is it okay?
speaker_heading: r LUKE
dialog: -Yeah, it's great!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67
dialog: ~~
dialog: 68
dialog: -~
dialog: 69
dialog: -
dialog: 54,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She relaxes and sits on his lap. He pushes the wheels
text: and they take off down the corridor, skidding to a stop
text: in front of the ward doors. Quietly, Luke pushes them
dialog: open. .
scene_heading: INT. SPINAL CORD —- NIGHT
text: Only the night lights are on, the SOUNDS of sleep are
text: HEARD as Luke and Sally silently roll through the ward.
text: Sally gets off as Luke pulls into his cubicle.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Thanks for the ride.
speaker_heading: : LUKE
dialog: Thanks for the dinner.
text: She kisses him. The kiss lasts a second longer than it
text: should and she straightens up.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Good night. I'll see you tomorrow...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Good night...
text: She waves es she leaves the ward.
scene_heading: EXT. VA HOSPITAL - SECOND-FLOOR PATIO - DAY
text: Sally is on 2a break, having coffee under an aluminum
text: umbrella. Fleta Wilson comes up the steps, crosses to
dialog: Sally. :
speaker_heading: PLETA
dialog: (hands her telegram)
dialog: This Just came...
text: Sally tightens, tentatively takes the telegram.
speaker_heading: : FLETA
dialog: Do you want me to stay?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (slowly) .
dialog: ».. I don't think so... Do you
dialog: mind?
speaker_heading: FLETA
dialog: (leaving)
dialog: “I'll pe in my office.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 55-
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Sally watches her go, takes a sip of coffee, delays
text: opening it.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL KITCHEN - VI'S OFFICE - DAY
text: The office is a cage squeezed between the kitchen and the
text: storeroom. Vi is engulfed in paperwork as Sally rushes in.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: Would you believe we ate a thousand
dialog: eans of chicken noodle soup in June?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (excited)
dialog: ‘Orders from the front! Bob and
dialog: Dink want us to grab the first
dialog: plane we can for a week's R&R
dialog: in Hong Kong!
dialog: . VI
dialog: Oh my God, Hong Kong?
speaker_heading: . SALLY
dialog: (shows her telegram)
dialog: Look, i've got to go to the bank,
dialog: and get my hair done.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: wee A week?
speaker_heading: : SALLY
dialog: Five days! Maybe you could check
dialog: the airlines. I think it's already
dialog: tomorrow there...
speaker_heading: vI
dialog: Who does he think he is, anyhow?
dialog: Giving me orders. Drop your life,
dialog: come at once. Yeach... Dinky
dialog: Dickie wants a quickie... Fuck
dialog: him, I can't go...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Oh c'mon, Vi.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: C'mon, Vi, my ass. What am I
dialog: supposed to do? Walk out on my”
dialog: job? Walk out on my brother? I
dialog: just can't do that...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 70
dialog: 7
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Well, okay. I'm going to miss
dialog: you, y'know. So's Dink.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: (she softens;
dialog: looks up)
dialog: Yeah. Give him a kiss for me --
text: on the cheek.
text: Sally smiles, hugs Vi.
scene_heading: EXT. VA BASKETBALL COURT - DAY
text: Luke is teaching two men, RIVAS and MONTGOMERY, how to
text: shoot baskets from a wheelchair.
speaker_heading: . LUKE
dialog: You’ve got to use your forearms.
dialog: Arch the ball, up high. That's
dialog: it. You've got it. That was 2
dialog: helluva shot.
text: Luke grabs the rebound and sees Sally standing at the
dialog: fence.
speaker_heading: LUXE -
dialog: Hey, Bender, keep your eye on the
dialog: ball}
text: Luke wheels around, attempts a hook shot, misses.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (moving to fence)
dialog: Damn -- I just made five in a row!
speaker_heading: - SALLY
dialog: (with difficulty)
dialog: Luke... Bob's on R&R...
speaker_heading: . LUKE
dialog: (hesitates,
dialog: withdraws )
dialog: Well... Have a nice trip.
speaker_heading: - SALLY
dialog: We're going to meet in...
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: (interrupts as he
dialog: . turns)
dialog: - Like I said, have a nice trip.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
speaker_heading: Th
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Luke starts back to Rivas and Montgomery.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (to Rivas, as he
text: wheels away) .
dialog: Good one, Rivas. That's the way
dialog: to hustle. .
text: Sally stands at the fence for a beat, then leaves.
scene_heading: ExT. HONG KONG ~ DUSK
text: Victoria Peak overlooking the city of Hong Kong. A taxi
text: winds its way up the road, stops at a vantage point. Bob,
text: wearing a Fu Manchu moustache, gets out, followed by Dink.
text: They are both in uniform, put their civvies on the fender
text: of the cab and start to undress.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (looking at vista)
dialog: Look at that son of a bitch!
speaker_heading: DINK
dialog: Not a fuckin' rice paddy in sight!
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (pulls off pants,
dialog: Teaches for slacks)
dialog: Where do we start?
speaker_heading: DINK
dialog: (putting on flowered
dialog: short-sleeved shirt)
dialog: Anywhere!
speaker_heading: 503
dialog: Just give me ten seconds...
text: They both hurry to change into the civvies.
scene_heading: INT. HONG KONG AIRPORT - CUSTOMS - DAY
text: Sally in line at customs. Dink stands on other side of
text: glass waving, pantomiming, "Where's Vi?" Sally pantomimes
text: "Where's Bob?" Both indicate they'll meet inside the
dialog: terminal.
scene_heading: INT. HONG KONG TERMINAL ~ DAY
text: Dink carries Sally's suitcase as they walk through
dialog: terminal. :
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: &
speaker_heading: Th
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: You're sure there isn't anything
dialog: wrong...?
speaker_heading: DINK
dialog: He's getting the rooms... Jesus,
dialog: five days, is that too much to
dialog: ask from a broad you've invested
dialog: two years in?
speaker_heading: " SALLY
dialog: I think she wants a commitment
dialog: from you, Dink, she needs a little
dialog: security.
speaker_heading: DINK
dialog: Did she say that?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I said that.
speaker_heading: DINK
dialog: Who asked you? She needs security?
dialog: When I'm up to my ass in stinking
dialog: jungles, she needs security?
text: They exit the terminal.
scene_heading: ExT. KONG KONG HOTEL - DAY
text: Dink drops Sally off in front of hotel. She heads toward
dialog: the entrance.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM ~ DAY
text: Sally enters, the room is empty, Bob's clothing scattered
text: around. She hears the shower running, looks around the
text: room. A gin bottle, along with some Schwepps, is on the
text: dresser. Sally pours two drinks.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL BATHROOM ~ DAY
text: Sally enters, pauses in front of the shower, then hands
text: Bob a Grink through the shower curtain... He takes the
text: drink and there is a beat of silence...
speaker_heading: BOB'S VOICE
dialog: ~.- Are you Sally?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: : Are you Bob?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: AD
dialog: ys?
dialog: 17
dialog: 78
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He flings the curtain open.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: A moustache!
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: My God, a lady!!
text: They embrace.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Jesus, it's good to see you...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I know, I know... Are you okay?
dialog: I've missed you -- God, I've missed
dialog: you so much...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Me too, baby, me too...
dialog: (he looks. at her)
dialog: Christ, you look great! Hang on,
dialog: I'll be right out...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (unbuttons dress)
dialog: You hang on, I'll be right in!
text: Bob grins as Sally gets undressed.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Bob and Sally in bed. Bob rolls over, reaches into his
text: bag and pulls out carton of "Park Lane..”
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Don't get uptight,.it'’s grass,
dialog: you can buy it on the street in
dialog: Nam. I thought we might try it.
dialog: I'ma bit into weed.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I love it! I'm practically a head!
dialog: Vi turned me on. Who turned you on?
dialog: I was afraid to tell you.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (lights Park Lane)
dialog: The war turned me on. I wish Vi
dialog: would've come -- leaves Dink to
dialog: jerk himself off...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78
dialog: 79
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I wouldn't worry about Dink...
dialog: Tell me about you -~ what's it
dialog: like? I want to know. God,
dialog: there's so much to talk about...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I don't know what it's like. TI.
dialog: only know what it is. TV shows
dialog: what it's like. They don't know
dialog: what it is... .
dialog: (reaches for drink)
dialog: Why'd you go to work in that hospital?
speaker_heading: SALLY’
dialog: I wanted to. It keeps me busy and
dialog: I feel like I'm really helping...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: That's the goddamn dregs, you
dialog: didn't have to do that...
text: Sally turns to Bob, strokes his body, tries to warm him
dialog: UD...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: C'mon, how "bout a little R&R?
speaker_heading: BoB
dialog: +++ That's pretty good...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Ummm...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Is that how you sponge off the
dialog: basket cases?
speaker_heading: . SALLY
dialog: (pulls back, hurt)
dialog: Bob, Jesus...!
text: Bob says nothing, takes another toke of the Park Lane.
text: Sally looks at him for a moment, then turns over, her
text: back to him.
scene_heading: INT. VA PSYCHIATRIC - DAY ROOM - DAY
text: Bill and Vi sit on the edge of a ping pong table with no
dialog: net.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79
dialog: 80
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Do you remember wrestling around
dialog: with Dad on that old rug in the
dialog: living room?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: --. I don't think so.
dialog: VI.
dialog: You loved 1t... used to go into a
dialog: tantrum when he'd stop...
speaker_heading: > BILL
dialog: Yeah...
dialog: VI .
dialog: -He was really a good guy.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: Yeah... Did you wrestle too?
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Sure —- Il was a tiger... How about
dialog: when he first got you that bike?
dialog: You kept falling on your ass, he
dialog: spent days running along behind
dialog: you until you finally stayed up...
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (vises)
dialog: I think I'll just watch some TV...
text: Vi watches as Bill sits with other patients. on a rattan
text: couch in front of the TV.
scene_heading: INT. SPINAL CORD WARD - NIGHT
text: At a side of the ward, Pat and JOHNSON, a black therapist,
text: are explaining the use of forearm crutches to a group of
text: paras in wheelchairs. Luke, Bozo, Dewey, Virgil/Super-—
dialog: slope are among those listening. Johnson is demonstrating
dialog: standard crutches. :
speaker_heading: PAT .
dialog: (demonstrates forearm
dialog: crutches)
dialog: They've been around for a while...
dialog: Johnson and I want to give them a
dialog: try...
dialog: (motions to
dialog: Johnson)
dialog: You see how those crutches don't
dialog: allow any movement of the arms?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: 80 CONTINUED :
speaker_heading: . PAT (CONT'D)
dialog: These...
dialog: (motions to his
dialog: own)
dialog: --» let you use your arms, are
dialog: lighter, give you a hell of a
dialog: lot more mobility.
speaker_heading: BOZO
dialog: Shit, man, how many of us are
dialog: ever going to get on our feet?
dialog: Par
dialog: I don’t know, Bozo. These crutches
dialog: might just give some of you a better
dialog: shot at it. Check the way I can
dialog: move...
text: During Pat's speech, an intern, DOCTOR WOODWARD enters.
text: Speaks to the men.
scene_heading: DR. WOODWARD
dialog: (to the group)
dialog: How are you this evening? Did the
dialog: new arrival come in yet?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: «+. Fourteen. .
text: Woodward heads toward Bey Fourteen.
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: (tightens as he
dialog: sees Doctor)
dialog: +. What do you guys think? Are
dialog: you interested?
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: These dudes are trained not to
dialog: volunteer, Pat... .
dialog: . (points to Dewey)
dialog: Okey, Dewey, we're going to try
dialog: and get you off your ass...
text: As Johnson straps leg braces on Dewey’s legs, Pat attaches
text: forearm crutches to Dewey. Woodward goes to the bed of
text: the new patient, RUDY, a quad.
scene_heading: DR. WOODWARD
dialog: (checks chart)
dialog: How are you feeling?
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: ~-. Fine...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
scene_heading: DR. WOODWARD
dialog: Have you been informed of the
dialog: extent of your injury?
speaker_heading: RUDY ,
dialog: Yes, sir -- on the hospital ship.
dialog: When I first woke up. They said
dialog: I was a quad. I'd never walk
dialog: again... .
scene_heading: DR. WOODWARD
dialog: (sits on corner
dialog: of bed) :
dialog: ‘s good... Let's Just see haw
dialog: re doing, okay?
dialog: ~
text: As the Doctor probes around Rudy's body, Johnson works
text: with Dewey. Pat helps out.
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: Okay, brother, now what I want you
dialog: to do is get your hips forward,
dialog: get your arms out to the side —
dialog: now push yourself out of that
dialog: chair as high as you can -- get
dialog: the feel of the mothers...
text: Dewey strains to lift his body, gets a distance above the
text: ‘chair, holds himself, then slowly lowers. He repeats the
text: exercise as Rudy speaks to Dr. Woodward...
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: ~.. I think I've been getting some
dialog: feeling in my left arm, Doctor —~-
dialog: every now ane then...
scene_heading: DR. WOODWARD
dialog: (stops examining,
dialog: looks up) :
dialog: It’s not your arm that has feeling,
text: it's irritated nerve endings at the
dialog: point of your lesion that are
dialog: sending phantom signals to your
dialog: brain. Your arms have no feeling
dialog: -~- they never will...
text: Pat is beginning to get angry, he nudges Johnson...
dialog: Pat
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: .-. Are you listening to that son
dialog: of a bitch?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: yy
dialog: 80
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (3)
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: (to Dewey)
dialog: Hey, baby, that's great! Keep
dialog: working...
dialog: (to Pat)
dialog: I'm trying not to...
scene_heading: DR. WOODWARD
dialog: ++. You are going to have to know,
dialog: and accept the truth, Rudy, the
dialog: damage you sustained was so severe...
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: (stands, interrupts)
dialog: What's that, Doctor?
scene_heading: DR. WOODWARD
dialog: (surns)
dialog: Pardon?
speaker_heading: . PAT
dialog: You tell me what the truth is.
dialog: T haven't found it out yet...
scene_heading: DR. WOODWARD
dialog: The truth is that this men has
dialog: lost the use of his limos and he
text: hes to ‘adjust.
speaker_heading: PaT
dialog: You act like he'll never get out
dialog: of bed.
scene_heading: DR. WOODWARD
dialog: (checks chart)
dialog: This man has a high level injury,
dialog: and most probably won't.
dialog: Pat
dialog: So you're saying don't even try.
scene_heading: . DR. WOODWARD
dialog: Not if it's going to be futile.
dialog: Pat
dialog: Now that's just the kind of shit
dialog: I can't stand!
scene_heading: DR. WOODWARD
dialog: Now hold on...
speaker_heading: PAT
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: You hold on!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: vy ;
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 82
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (4)
speaker_heading: PAT (CONT'D)
dialog: That man's been in the ward less
dialog: than two hours. You take a look
dialog: at his chart and tell him he'll
dialog: never move. I say that's horseshit!
scene_heading: DR. WOODWARD
dialog: Who do you think you're talking to?
speaker_heading: PAT
dialog: I am fed up to here with people
dialog: 12ke you, Doctor, and I am tired
dialog: of dealing with fucking assholes!
text: (he spins around,
dialog: addresses patients)
dialog: You guys keep the faith -~ don't
dialog: -let these bastards keep you down...
text: Pat hurries out of the ward. Johnson looks to Dewey,
dialog: others...
speaker_heading: JOHNSON
dialog: Keep working with those things,
dialog: all of you -- take care...
text: Johnson leaves. The patients, Luke included, are silent
text: as they watch their therapists go. ~
scene_heading: POV THROUGH COIN-OPERATED TELESCOPE - DAY
text: PAN SHOT REVEALS small bunkers, peasants in field, Army
text: barracks, sampans in river, mountains in distance.
speaker_heading: BOB (0.S.)
dialog: You wanted it, you got it. Eight
dialog: hundred million people beyond that
dialog: river.
speaker_heading: . DINK (0.S.) ,
dialog: I don't like being so fuckin’ close...
speaker_heading: SALLY (0.S.)
dialog: It's kind of weird -- gives me
text: goosebumps.
scene_heading: EXT. HONG KONG MAINLAND ~ CHINA BORDER ~ DAY
text: Sally, Bob and Dink look through telescope at the
text: porder beyond the river.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 82
dialog: 83
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (pulling back from
dialog: telescope)
dialog: You know, we should of gone in
dialog: there during Korea ~-- hit the big
dialog: cities -- the country would have
dialog: been in chaos... Now it's too late,
dialog: the bastards always hold us back...
speaker_heading: . DINK
dialog: Like right now.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Hell yes! If they'd let us go on
dialog: the offensive... Shit, with what
dialog: we've got we'd be in Hanoi in a
dialog: ‘month...
dialog: Saliy, fee
speaker_heading: DINK
dialog: I don’t know if we've got the
dialog: troops for that kinda shit, man,
dialog: half of 'em got fucking flowers
text: in their helmets...
text: ling lef out, tries to change the subject...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: to Bob)
dialog: Let's have one of your cigarettes...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Good idea...
dialog: (takes out Park
dialog: Lane; looks to
dialog: border)
dialog: +.» Those Chinese are smart little
dialog: bastards, though, they invented
dialog: gunpowder.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (watching Bob
dialog: light joint)
dialog: »s. And didn't they invent paper,
dialog: too...?
speaker_heading: DINK .
dialog: They were forced to, had so many
dialog: assholes to wipe...
text: Bob breaks up es he inhales the smoke.
scene_heading: EXT. KOWLOON STREET ~- NiGHT
text: Dink drives Bob and Sally through a downtown area, teem-—
text: ing with pedestrians. Jammed with traffic, stores and
dialog: nightclubs. a
dialog: 67.
scene_heading: 84 INT. KOWLOON NIGHTCLUB - NIGHT
text: ws A crowded bar. A Chinese rock band plays, Chinese
text: hostesses dance and sit at tables with various customers.
text: rr Dink and Sally are dancing, Bob sits alone at a table.
speaker_heading: DINK
dialog: {as he dances)
dialog: Listen, you can tell the kid I'll
dialog: marry her if you want to. . .
speaker_heading: - SALLY
dialog: Tell her yourself.
speaker_heading: DINK
dialog: You'd say it better.
speaker_heading: SALLY >
dialog: ‘Put it in writing.
speaker_heading: DINK
dialog: C’mon, Sally, give me a break,
dialog: huh?
text: The music ends, they start for the table.
speaker_heading: “SALLY -
dialog: : I'm not going to do it, Dink.
text: ~ Sally sits with Bob, Dink remains standing...
speaker_heading: DINK
dialog: Let's try thet place across the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: Yeah, okay...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Bob... I'd really like some time
dialog: along, just you and I...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: We can't leave Dink.
speaker_heading: DINK
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: The hell you can't -—- I'll catch
dialog: up with you later...
text: Dink leaves, eager to be on his own. Bob and Sally sit
text: in silence for a moment. Sally takes a drink, then looks
dialog: ~ at Bob.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: We need to be together, you know...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: We are right now...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I don't mean an hour in some dive
dialog: -~- and I don't mean in bed.
dialog: There's something between us
dialog: that I don't like, Bob... I don't
dialog: know if ‘it's you, or if it's me...
speaker_heading: BoB
dialog: (drinks, a long
dialog: time to answer)
dialog: It's not you... God, it's not
dialog: you at all... It's just all that
dialog: bullshit in Nam ~- I can't get
dialog: it out of my head...
dialog: (looks up to her)
dialog: Maybe I'm pissed at you for sitting
dialog: back home playing nurse while I'm
dialog: out in the boonies getting the shit
dialog: scared out of me -- I don't know...
dialog: That sounds pretty stupid...
speaker_heading: SALLY :
dialog: It doesn't sound stupid at all --
dialog: I think I'd feel the same way...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: What you can see is bad enough --
dialog: what you don't see... shit, you
dialog: can't even take a step... They've
dialog: got these homemade booby traps
dialog: that shred your ankles... It takes
dialog: two men to carry you back, more men
text: and fuel for the Medevac chopper to
dialog: lift you out... They want you ina
dialog: godéamn basket, but alive... Then
dialog: you're living proof of what happens
dialog: when you're caught fucking around
dialog: where you don't belong...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: ; (reaches for his
dialog: hend)
dialog: Oh, Bob... God...
text: Bob abruptly pulls his hand away, looks around at the
dialog: * crowded bar...
dialog: a
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 86
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: BOB :
dialog: Let's go find Dink, huh?
text: Sally, startled at the sudden change in mood, rises to
dialog: follow him out.
scene_heading: INT. SPINAL CORD WARD - DAY
text: The ward is quiet. Luke, Bozo, Dewey, Virgil/Superslope,
text: Pepe and a few paras are gone. Bill enters, circles the
text: ward, going from bed to bed looking for Luke. As he is
text: about to leave, DeGroot enters.
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: (startled, defensive)
dialog: -I was leaving...
speaker_heading: DeGROOT
dialog: (notes psychiatric
dialog: garb)
dialog: Can I help you?
speaker_heading: BILL
dialog: No, no. I came to visit Luke
dialog: Martin, but I've. got to leave.
text: Bill hurries cut of the ward.
scene_heading: INT, ADMINISTRATIVE OFFICES - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Six or seven wheelchair patients are in the hallway. An
text: administrative officer, MacDONALD, is confronted by the
dialog: men... :
speaker_heading: MacDONALD
dialog: I am aware of your problems, and
dialog: let me tell you, men, we have
dialog: Plenty of our own.
text: The men react to this, shout at MacDonald. Luke holds up
text: his hands to quiet them.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Goddammit, let's try and be .
dialog: reasonable. We spend hours in
dialog: those wards, bitching with each
dialog: other, getting nowhere. All we
dialog: want is to be heard.
speaker_heading: DEWEY + .
dialog: The few good people you have working
dialog: here are splitting, man, they can't
dialog: handle it either!
speaker_heading: - (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 88
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MacDONALD
dialog: If you want to present a list of
dialog: specific grievances, fine. Submit
text: it through the proper channels.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Why in the hell can’t we. just sit
dialog: down and talk to the administrators,
dialog: the doctors, the whole fucking
dialog: staff? We could let you know
dialog: where we're at, how we feel...
speaker_heading: MacDONALD
dialog: I'm afraid town meetings are not
dialog: a part of VA policy, it's out of
dialog: the question. You men get it
dialog: . down on paper, you cen turn it
dialog: an to my office.
text: MacDonald goes into his office. The men sit quietly for
text: @ beet, then react angrily as they leave.
scene_heading: EX®, ABERDEEN WATERFRONT - HONG KONG ’- DAWN
text: Bob and Sally run along a sidewalk past small huts,
text: Chinese shops, and moored junks. Sally is breathing
text: hard, pushing herself to keep up with Bob.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Bob -- I can't -- I'm through...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Keep going.
speaker_heading: . SALLY
dialog: (slowing)
dialog: I can't...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (slows, looks back)
dialog: You can] Keep it up! Come on!
dialog: Run -- Run -— Run!
text: Sally, gasping for air, doesn't give up, continues to run.
text: She finally breaks through the pain and begins to pull
dialog: even with Bob.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - DAY
text: Sally and Bob lie on the bed. The remains of a room
text: service meal are on a cart in the middle of the room.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 88
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: How come a nice girl like you
dialog: married a slob like me?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: You're my kind of slob.
speaker_heading: . BoB
dialog: Straight now -- would you of
dialog: married me if I wasn't a Marine?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: The Marine Corps. I don't know
dialog: -aif I can sweat it anymore...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: God, that's you, Bob. It's your
dialog: whole life...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Maybe --.who knows? The whole
dialog: fucking Corps structure is changing.
dialog: Two-thirds of my outfit is black or
dialog: Mexicans. Some Filipinos. /Fuck
dialog: it, I respect them more than the
text: white college kids tnet are beating
dialog: the draft. We're not the elite,
dialog: we're not even equals anymore...
text: All of our gear are hand-me-downs.
dialog: The slope Marines get the new
dialog: weapons. What they don’t abandon
text: when they run, they sell on the
dialog: black market or to the VC...
speaker_heading: . SALLY
dialog: I wish you didn't have to go back.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Well, what I've been thinking
dialog: about, I want it to be different
dialog: for us after this. I want a
dialog: better kind of life. With kids...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Me too.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: --. And a real home. I'd like to
dialog: go back to school. I had a fairly
dialog: good mind once. TI wouldn't want
dialog: to fuck that up for us...
speaker_heading: ( CONTINUED)
dialog: 71.
dialog: 88
dialog: 89
dialog: 90
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I’m scared to lose you now...
text: Bob gets off the bed, sits in a chair by the window.
scene_heading: INT. SPINAL CORD WARD - MORNING -
text: The wheelchair patients of the ward are busily preparing
text: to leave. Stashing whatever they can in their chairs:
text: jackets, sweaters, radios, Virgil puts the set of forearm
text: erutches and leg braces in his chair along with Superslope.
text: There 1s a feeling of euphoria as they ready themselves.
speaker_heading: DEWEY
dialog: (to Luke)
dialog: +e-. Just like going out on patrol...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Don't remind me...
dialog: (turns to men)
dialog: All set?
text: The men nod. As they group near the doorway, they get
dialog: a send-off from men who remain that support them: "Give
text: ‘em hell!", "Don't give ini", Rory's electronic voice is
dialog: BEARD, "I'll be praying for you, Luke", “Kick their asses
dialog: for me!" etc., etc. The antis, Hiram, older vets, some
text: young cones, elso yell: "You Goddamn crybabies!" "You'll
dialog: wind up in the brigi" "Don't come back!I", etc.
scene_heading: INT. SPINAL CORD HALLWAY - MORNING
text: As Luke leads the way into the corridor, we SEE Nurse
text: DeGroot running to a utility closet. Peewee, Doc
text: Dunbarton, and Corrine are by the open door.
speaker_heading: DeGROOT
dialog: (arrives at closet)
dialog: Who is it?
speaker_heading: CORRINE
dialog: A looney from L-l...
text: As DeGroot looks in, the parade of pares approaches...
text: Luke stops, looks inside, sees Bill curled in a corner
text: of the closet, dead.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (recognizes Bill)
dialog: Jesus...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DeGROOT
dialog: (cheeks body)
text: He's gone -~ looks like an O.D....
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (backs away)
dialog: Fuck...! This fucking...
dialog: (to paras)
dialog: Let's go goddamit! Let's fucking
dialog: go
text: Luke pushes himself violently down the corridor, followed
text: by the rest of the men. Other groups of demonstrators
text: join them from other wards.
scene_heading: EXT. HONG KONG AIRPORT - KOWLOON —- DAY
text: Sally stanes outside the terminal with Dink and Bob.
text: _ Bob prods Dink with an elbow.
speaker_heading: BOB .
dialog: Hey, Sarge, would you momentarily
dialog: «-. ahh, fuck off.
text: Bink’ hesitates, then reaches in his pocket for an
text: ‘envelope, hands it to Sally...
speaker_heading: DINK
dialog: Uh, Look... I tried calling the
dialog: kid, she wasn't home -- so I put
dialog: it in writing. Give it to her
dialog: for me, huh?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (takes letter)
dialog: Be glad to, Dink...
text: Dink smiles, leaves. Bob holds Sally...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: We've said 1t 211, I guess...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I guess.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Take good care, will you?
speaker_heading: BOB
text: (he pulls back,
dialog: looks at her)
dialog: soe I'll try...
text: He turns, runs after Dink and disappears into the airport
text: crowd as Sally looks after him.
dialog: 93
dialog: 74.
scene_heading: EXT. VA HOSPITAL ADMINISTRATION BUILDING - NIGHT
text: The lights are on in the windows of the ground floor. Out~
text: side, a small crowd is beginning to gather along with two
text: VA security patrol cars. A sheriff's car pulls up, a DEPUTY
text: gets out.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY
dialog: (to VA security man) :
dialog: What the hell's going on?
speaker_heading: SECURITY MAN
dialog: The goddamn paraplegics... They're
text: holding Jeffries and MacDonald inside.
dialog: We'll just wait 'em out, they can't
dialog: last long...
scene_heading: IND, ADMINISTRATION BUILDING - NIGHT
text: The doors at either end of the hallway are barricaded with
text: desks, MacDonald and JEFFRIES, an assistant @irector,
text: Stand in the hall, talking to Luke and some other paras.
speaker_heading: MacDONALD
dialog: I just can't see what you hope to gain
dialog: by this -- it's lunacy, pure lunacy...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Maybe to you, not to us...
text: Dewey wheels up with a lap piled high with telephones.
speaker_heading: DEWEY
dialog: (handing one to
dialog: MacDonald)
dialog: Wanta call Mama, man? Tell her
dialog: you'll be a little late to dinner?
dialog: (turns to Jeffries)
dialog: You -- you look like a rich dude,
dialog: maybe call the Red Cross for some
dialog: coffee and doughnuts?
dialog: (drops the phone, pushes
text: the rest off his lap to
dialog: the floor)
dialog: Fuck it -- no personal calis tonight...
text: Virgil and Superslope roll up to the two administrators.
speaker_heading: SUPERSLOPE
dialog: Cut off their heads! Cut off their
dialog: heads! .
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: Hey, man, this 1s a peaceful demonstration!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 95
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: “™ CONTINUED:
text: deffries and MacDonald avoid Superslope's piercing eyes.
speaker_heading: SUPERSLOPE
dialog: (to Virgil)
dialog: I know that, dummy...
dialog: (back to Jeffries and
dialog: MacDonald}
dialog: Cut off their heads! Cut off their
dialog: heads!
dialog: Gy
text: effries and MacDonald begin to get a little nervous. —
scene_heading: XP, ALLEY ~ SALLY'S BEACH HOUSE - DAY
dialog: ei
text: A taxi drops off Sally. She starts into her house. Notices
text: Vi's van, leaves her suitcase on the steps and pulls the .
text: letter from her pockst as she hurries to Vits. She knocks;
text: no answer, Sally tries the door; it 1s open; she goes on in.
scene_heading: INT. VI'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: The apartment is 2 mess. Bill's photographs are torn from
text: the wall and strewn all over the floor. Sally enters,
text: erosses to Vi who lies sprawled on the bed with her clothes
text: on, asleep. Sally smooths Vi's matted hair. Vi ewakens...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Vi, it’s me -- what happened?
dialog: vi
dialog: (grogey, drunk)
dialog: Gotta pee...
text: Vi stumbles into the bathroom. Sally looks eround the room,
text: straightens the bed. Vi yells 0.S.:
speaker_heading: VI (0.S.)
dialog: Stupid little motherfucker wasted
dialog: himself, d'you hear?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (stands)
dialog: --- BAll?...
text: Vi reappears.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Big fucking relief if you want to
dialog: know...
text: Sally crosses to Vi, holds her.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: _ CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ~ SALLY
dialog: Oh, God, Vi... I'm sorry...
speaker_heading: vI
dialog: Stay with me, okay? Please...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Sure... sure...
dialog: VI :
dialog: I want to get aut of here, babe —~
dialog: just get out of here...
dialog: (she looks at Sally)
dialog: Will you wait for me? I want to take
dialog: a shower -- please wait?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I'll be right here, Vi... Go ahead,
dialog: “I'll be here...
dialog: vr
dialog: (starts for bathroom)
dialog: Thanks, babe...
text: ym™ As Vi leaves, Sally begins to pick up the pieces of the
dialog: photos...
scene_heading: 36 EXT. VA HOSPITAL ADMINISTRATION BUILDING - DAY
text: PAN with Corrine as she hurries down the street, carrying
text: bags of supplies toward the administration building. We SEE
dialog: that more pelice have errived, along with a television mo~
text: bile unit. A microphone is shoved in front of Corrine as
text: she nears the building.
speaker_heading: TV REPORTER
dialog: Are you a part of this demonstration?
speaker_heading: CORRINE
dialog: Guess I am now...
text: She walks past the Reporter and is stopped by a SECURITY MAN.
speaker_heading: SECURITY MAN
dialog: Sorry, ma'am...
speaker_heading: CORRINE
dialog: ~ Don't give me that shit...
text: Corrine walks right past him and bangs on the front door of
dialog: the building.
speaker_heading: CORRINE
dialog: Open up! I got a sackful of enema bags!
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 99
text: TT.
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION BUILDING ~ DAY
dialog: The high spirits that were present in the initial takeover
text: have faded. The paras are subdued, some sleeping in their
text: chairs, others just sitting, waiting. Superslope is alone
text: in his chair as Virgil works, leaning against the wall, with
text: the forearm crutches and leg braces. Jeffries and MacDonald
text: sit on the floor. A gin game is broken up near the front
text: door es they react to Corrine's voice. Bozo and 2 couple of
text: other men move the desk back.
speaker_heading: BOZO . ,
text: (calls to her) .
dialog: Be right with you, love, just a
dialog: second!
text: Luke wheels to the door, helps with the desk. The door opens
text: and the men cheer as Corrine enters. Luke goes to the open
text: door as Corrine empties the bags on a desk.
scene_heading: EXT. VA HOSPITAL ADMINISTRATION BUILDING - DAY
text: Luke appears in the doorway...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Send in the television crew!
text: The Reporter and the cameramen start toward the building,
text: are stopped by security guards. :
speaker_heading: ' LUKE
dialog: (backs into hallwey)
dialog: We'll wait!...
text: The door once again closes.
scene_heading: INT. ADMINISTRATION BUILDING - DAY
text: Medical supplies, bread, fruit and cartons of milk ere passed
text: ground as Corrine goes from man to man, checking on their
text: needs. Luke talks to Bozo as they push the desk back against
text: the door.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (looks around hallway)
dialog: I hope they can all hang on...
speaker_heading: BOZO
dialog: We've got more endurance than they
dialog: figure us for -- we'll make it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah -~ that TV's the key -~ the more
dialog: coverage, the more people know...
speaker_heading: BOZO
dialog: if they don't switch channels...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You mean maybe they'd rather watch
dialog: Lucy...
speaker_heading: BO20
dialog: Maybe... assholes...
scene_heading: EXT. SAN DIEGO OUTSKIRTS - DUSK
text: Sally's Persche turns off the freeway at the Mission Bay off-
dialog: ramp.
scene_heading: INT. PORSCHE -— DUSK
text: Sally driving, Vi holding Dink's letter.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: (sheking head)
dialog: .-- Jesus... I just don't know how
dialog: to handle a day like this... What do
dialog: I do? Cry? Laugh? Drink? Pray?
dialog: I don't know where to start...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (points off)
dialog: There's some hotels up here -—— how
dialog: about a nice quiet dinner?
dialog: : vi
dialog: Yeah... Okay, sounds eas good as
dialog: anything else...
scene_heading: INT. VA ADMINISTRATION BUILDING HALLWAY ~ NIGHT:
text: Corrine plays cards with Luke, Bozo and Dewey. Most of the
text: paras are asleep. The silence is broken by Virgil's shout-
dialog: ing:
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: (with forearm crutches,
text: leg brace on, takes a
dialog: step)
dialog: Hey! Hey!! Lookit! Hey!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Superslope gazes up from the chair; other men wake and ap-
text: plaud as Virgil moves a bit more, then teeters, loses his
text: balance and falls. Corrine hurries to him...
speaker_heading: VIRGIL
dialog: (on the floor)
dialog: I did it! Goddammit, I did it! :
speaker_heading: . CORRINE
text: (bending to him) .
dialog: You keep at it, boy. I'm goin' to
dialog: need some help tending to these
text: eripples after a week or two...
text: Virgil is beaming as Corrine helps him back into his chair.
scene_heading: INT, SAN DIEGO HOTEL RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Sally and Vi finished with dinner. Vi still holds Dink's
dialog: letter,
speaker_heading: vI
dialog: I think I'm going to say yes...
speaker_heading: - SALLY
dialog: (lifts weter glass
text: toasts) .
dialog: Congratulations! Mrs. Mobley... how
dialog: about that]
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Gimme a short ceremony, babe, I want
dialog: to get it over with...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: C'mon, you're the preacher...
dialog: (turns)
dialog: Waiter!
text: The WAITER comes to the table.
speaker_heading: WALTER
dialog: Yes, ma'am?
dialog: vi
dialog: Stand here for a sec, okay?
dialog: (to Sally)
dialog: This man's standing in for Dink, go
dialog: ahead, marry us, Your Holiness...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 103
dialog: 104
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Uh... Vi, do you take this man to be
dialog: your husband? .
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Sure thing...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (to Waiter) '
dialog: And do you, Dink, take this woman to
dialog: be your wife?
speaker_heading: WAITER
dialog: Yes, ma'am...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I pronounce you man and wife...
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: (looks at Waiter)
dialog: That's all. Thanks a2 lot...
text: The Waiter nods, leaves.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: (back to Sally)
dialog: Hell, that was painless --
dialog: . (rises)
dialog: -.. Now we celebrate, let's go...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (takes her purse, gets
dialog: up
dialog: I don't believe this is really heppening
dialog: -- we must be drunk...
text: Vi and Sally exit the restaurant.
scene_heading: EXT. VA HOSPITAL ADMINISTRATION BUILDING — NIGHT |
text: A larger crowd has congregated outside the building. © Ad-
dialog: ditional VA patients have gatherec, not privy to the goings~-
text: on inside but shouting their support from the street..
text: Another TV station has sent a news team. A group of anti-
text: war demonstrators hold signs and repeat a chant: "Hey,
dialog: hey, LBJ, how many kids did you maim today?" Additional
text: units of police can be SEEN surrounding the building.
scene_heading: 105 INT. COCKTAIL LOUNGE - SAN DIEGO HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Sally and Vi sit drinking in the lounge. A waiter brings
text: a bottle of champagne in an ice bucket and starts to open
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (to waiter) .
dialog: I'm afraid there's been some mistake...
text: The waiter gestures toward another table, where two well-
text: dressed men are sitting, acknowledging that they sent. the
dialog: champagne. .
speaker_heading: “VI
dialog: (looking at men)
dialog: This is the moment of truth...
dialog: (back to Sally)
dialog: Listen, let me tell you something
dialog: straight -- I never got married before
dialog: and I'm sentimental. No one, not even
dialog: Dink, is going to keep me from having
dialog: @ proper wedding night.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: - You're just an old-fashioned girl.
dialog: vi
dialog: Very sentimental...
dialog: (looks back to men)
dialog: --- Not bad.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Presentable...
text: Vi and Sally touch their glasses, turn and toast the two
text: men. They are already rising to join the ladies.
scene_heading: 106 INT. ADMINISTRATION. BUILDING HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: The men are wide awake in the hallway, aroused by the sup-
text: port from outside. Luke and others are looking out a win-
text: dow near the front door.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (turns to others)
dialog: Now's the time -- I'm going out...
speaker_heading: DEWEY
dialog: How do you know it's time?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: am .06
dialog: 107
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (takes paper trom
dialog: shirt)
dialog: Because in an hour all those people
dialog: might just go home and go to bed...
dialog: I'm going out...
text: Luke tries to push back the desk, is helped by other paras
text: ana Corrine. He ‘goes outside.
scene_heading: EXT. VA HOSPITAL ADMINISTRATION BUILDING - NIGHT
text: The crowds begin to quiet as the door opens and Luke ap-
text: pears. TV newsmen and their cameramen fight their way to
text: the doorway. Luke looks the situation over for a beat,
text: then starts to read from the sheet of paper.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: This letter is addressed to...
dialog: (he looks up)
dialog: It's addressed to the Veterans
dialog: Administration in Washington, but
dialog: we really meant it for all of you
dialog: ~~ we want you to know...
dialog: {looks back to letter)
dialog: ‘Dear Sirs: Conéitions in this
dialog: hospital, as weil as many others
dialog: across the country, have become
text: intolerable.’
text: The TV cameras press closer.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: 'Lack of adequate training for the
dialog: doctors, the nurses and the
dialog: administrators has had a profound
dialog: negative effect on the rehabilitation
dialog: process. Patient morale is at an all-
dialog: time low, as is...
text: Suddenly, two SECURITY MEN jump up from the crowd and grab
text: Luke. Others stream through the open door into the hall-
dialog: way. .
speaker_heading: * LUKE
text: (reacting as they pull
dialog: him back)
dialog: Goddamn you!
speaker_heading: ‘ SECURITY MAN
dialog: It's all over. Cool it!
speaker_heading: : (CONTINUED)
dialog: y
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Luke grabs for one of the Security Men, loses his balance
text: and falls from the chair, pulling the Man down with him.
text: Luke, from an impotent position on the ground, still at—
text: tempts to lash out with his fists as the men restrain him.
dialog: In the b.g. we can SEE other paras, unable to resist, being
text: wheeled out of the building by VA security guards. The.
text: police quickly put up a ring around the crowd to prevent
text: violence on the outside.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL SUITE ~ SAN DIEGO (MISSION BAY) - NIGHT |
text: Business charts and graphs, as well as sales paraphernalia,
text: are distributed in the suite. The door opens. BRUCE
text: FRAZIER, older, aggressive, carries Vi exaggeratedly across
dialog: the threshold.
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: Your honeymoon cottage, love.
text: Sally and TIM SPENCE, teller, younger and more reserved,
text: laugh as they follow Vi and Bruce into the sulte. The four
text: are a bit tipsy from alcohol. Bruce puts Vi onto the
text: couch, sits next to her. Tim opens a bottle of champagne.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (looks around the
dialog: a” suite)
dialog: This is bigger than ny house...
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: First class, Sally, we always go
dialog: first class.
dialog: Vi
dialog: (in awe of suite)
dialog: What do you guys do, anyway?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: We're with Dow Chemical...
dialog: . VI
dialog: Oh, great, Dow Chemical --
dialog: (to Tim)
dialog: I'll have a little napalm on the rocks.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: (passes out champagne)
dialog: .We're into plastics, insecticides,
dialog: pesticides, mainly...
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Bug killers...
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108
dialog: Bay
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VI (CONT'D)
text: (she stands, toasts)
dialog: Here's to the bug killers! May you
dialog: have a long and rewarding life!
text: They all raise their glasses.
scene_heading: SALLY, TIM, BRUCE, VI
dialog: To the bug killers!
text: Vi downs the champagne. Bruce riees, gives her a refill as
text: Tim and Sally sit. Bruce nuzzles Vi's ear as he pours; she
text: smiles at him and begins to snap her fingers, move her
dialog: body...
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: (pushes Bruce away)
dialog: Have a seat for now...
text: Bruce sits, Vi sways seductively and turns on RADIO.
dialog: VI.
dialog: (dialing, finds
dialog: rock music)
dialog: You guys ever been to a go-go club?
speaker_heading: BRUCE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: We visit a lot of cities...
text: Vi turns her back as she slips off her dress, leaving only
text: her bikini briefs ana white boots. Sally is a bit uneasy
text: as she sips on her champagne. Bruce and Tim keep time to
text: the tempo on various glasses, bottles and tabletops. Vi
text: steps onto a coffee table and goes into a bored go-go num~
text: ber. Tim tentatively nuzzles Sally's ear; she moves away
text: on the couch. Vi turns stripper, pleying directly to
text: Bruce. She slides her hand down one leg and unzips a boot,
text: does a bump and grind, turns and takes off the other. As
text: she dances, we begin to SEE real pain in Vi's face. Sally
text: senses it, cannot bring herself to interrupt the dance.
text: Bruce claps his hands and whistles as Vi does a final bump,
text: then jumps from the table and disappears behind a drape as
text: the MUSIC CONTINUES. Sally goes to her...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: (the tears starting)
dialog: He had so much, Sally. Goddammit,
dialog: he had so much...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108
dialog: 109.
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (reaching for her)
dialog: Oh, Vi...
text: Vi moves away, goes to the center of the room, looks at
dialog: Bruce. ,
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: ‘(half-erying)
dialog: Enough of this small talk. This is
dialog: my wedding night, for Christsakes...
text: She picks up a glass of champagne, moves to the bedroom
dialog: door. :
dialog: (to Bruce)
dialog: Okay, bug killer, it's time.
text: Bruce eagerly gets to his feet, follows. Vi into the bed-
text: room, closes the door. There is silence between Sally and
text: Tim. She still stands by the drapes, deeply effected by
text: Vi's pain. Tim is also aware of it, sits on the couch.
scene_heading: INT. COCKTAIL LOUNGE - SAN DIEGO HOTEL - NIGHT
text: Sally and Tim sit at the bar, drinking liqueurs.
speaker_heading: TIM -
dialog: You're very attractive, Sally...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: ».- Thank you... So are you, Tim...
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: I would like to spend the night with
dialog: you, very much.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (a beat; hard for her,
dialog: takes drink)
dialog: No, I can't, Tim. It's nothing
dialog: against you, I think yeu're really
dialog: nice, but I want to go home alone.
dialog: I'm sorry, I really am.
speaker_heading: TIM
dialog: Oh, please, don’t apologize.
speaker_heading: - SALLY
dialog: I'm not apologizing. I'm just sorry...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 109
speaker_heading: 1210
speaker_heading: 1121
dialog: 112
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Sally's attention 1s diverted by the SOUND of a TV set.
speaker_heading: LUKE (V.0.)
dialog: (over TV)
dialog: «.. on the rehabilitation. process.
text: Patient morale is at an all-time
dialog: low, as is...
text: She looks around’ the bar, spots the TV in time to see Luke
text: falling out of his chair and fighting with the security men.
text: An ANNOUNCER'S VOICE is HEARD.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (V.0.)
dialog: Some ‘fifty veterans were involved in
dialog: the take-over, others...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (eyes glued to the TV)
dialog: My God... —
scene_heading: INT. SPINAL CORD CORRIDOR - NIGHT
text: Sally hurries into the corridor, heads towerd the ward
text: where she is stopped by e security guard, MASON.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: I'm sorry, Miss, The ward is closed.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I work here, Sally Hayne.
speaker_heading: MASON
dialog: It's three in the morning, Miss Hayne.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (going past him)
dialog: Cf course it is. And, by the way,
dialog: it's Mrs. Hayne.
text: Mason shrugs as Sally enters the ward.
scene_heading: INT. SPINAL CORD WARD - NIGHT
text: The men are asleep. Sally heads for Luke's bed; it is
text: empty. She stands there for a beat, gets a thought ana
text: goes off toward the private rooms. Nearing the one he
text: was confined to earlier, she slowly opens the door.
scene_heading: INT. PRIVATE ROOM - NIGHT .
text: Sally sticks her head into the room.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: 112 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Luke?
speaker_heading: VOICE
dialog: Sally? -
speaker_heading: SALLY v
dialog: ‘(starts to enter)
dialog: Oh; Luke, what...
speaker_heading: VOICE
text: This 1s Bozo, Luke's next door.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: . (stops, backs out)
dialog: I'm sorry, Bozo...
speaker_heading: BOZO
dialog: That's okay, eny time.
text: She closes the door.
scene_heading: 213 INT. HALLWAY ~ NIGHT
text: Sally crosses to the next private room. A sign reading
text: "No Visitors" is tacked to the door. She again opens the
text: . door slowly.
scene_heading: 114 INT. PRIVATE ROOM - NIGHT
text: The room is dark; light leaks in from the hallway.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Luke?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (exeited, on a high)
dialog: Hey, Sally, you missed it! It was
dialog: fantastic! The best goddamn day of
dialog: my life}! Christ, there were
text: reporters, TV.
text: Sally enters, closes the door, turns the light on.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: - +». Are you hurt? I saw on *.
dialog: television... »
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: er
dialog: 114
dialog: 115
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'm feeling great! Those stupid
dialog: bastards didn't even have enough
dialog: guts to arrest me! You should of
dialog: been there!
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (looking around room)
dialog: Where's your chair?
speaker_heading: LUKE .
dialog: They took it away. They're trying
dialog: to lsolate me. Fuck 'em! Jesus,
dialog: I never thought it would come off
dialog: so good, Even people came in from
dialog: the outside. We made such a
dialog: fucking stink about this place,
dialog: the VA is having fits!
text: Sally takes his clothes from the closet and tosses them to
dialog: hin.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Shut up end put your pants on.
dialog: I'm going to liberate some wheels.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (removing gown)
dialog: Bender, you get 2 gold star! - King
dialog: sizel
text: She starts to leave the room.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hey!
text: Sally stops in the doorway.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (motions to her bra)
dialog: What are you doin’ wearing those
dialog: things again?
text: She smiles at him, exits.
scene_heading: EXT. REAR ENTRANCE - SPINAL CORD BUILDING - NIGHT
text: The door knab on the rear door jiggles; the door does not
text: budge. We HEAR a SLIDE BOLT BEING UNLATCHED, then the door
text: is flung open as Sally and Luke make their escape. Luke
text: does a wheelie down the ramp.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: u
dialog: ye
dialog: 115
dialog: 116
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'm free}!
text: Sally runs to keép up with hin as they both hurry toward
dialog: the Porsche.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM - SALLY'S BEACH HOUSE — DAWN
text: Water runs in the tub, foaming with bubble bath. Sally
text: ‘struggles with the bathroom door, reaches up, trying to
text: remove the pin from the upper hinge.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Anyway, it seemed to get better, I
dialog: mean, at least we were able to talk
dialog: some...
dialog: (removes door, sets
dialog: it aside)
dialog: There, you can make it now.
speaker_heading: LUKE .
dialog: (moves into bathroom,
dialog: takes off shoes)
dialog: Did you like Hong Kong?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (back into bathroom)
dialog: Hong Kong was unbelievable -- I've.
dialog: never seen anything like it. But
dialog: our relationship was a bit
dialog: strained...
speaker_heading: _ LUKE
dialog: (takes off shirt)
dialog: I believe it -- I'd believe anything
dialog: that comes out of Nam,
dialog: {unbuckles belt)
dialog: We have bigger guns, but they have
text: whole families sitting araund at
text: night rigging booby traps. They
dialog: dgon't want us there. I think
dialog: they'll get us out...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (leans toward him)
dialog: Do you want some help with your pants?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'm okay. Why don't you just face
dialog: the other way for a minute, okay?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 116
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: “Oh, c'mon, Luke. I'm practically a
dialog: She turns
dialog: He starts
dialog: nurse. I know all about...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (interrupts )
dialog: It's .not so much your problem as it
dialog: is mine, please...
text: away as Luke pulls off his pants.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It's a dumb fucking wer. We're
dialog: foreigners there, Sally,. we're
dialog: destroying their culture,
dialog: splitting up their families,
dialog: killing their people -- for what?
text: into tub.
speaker_heading: SALLY ,
dialog: You'd just let the Communists take
dialog: over, right? Do we just lie down
dialog: and give up? Jesus, Luke.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: it should never come to that...
dialog: Oops, slippery.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: ‘(starts to help)
dialog: Do you want...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: No! I'11 tell you when...
speaker_heading: * SALLY
dialog: (she turns. eway).-
dialog: You sound like an idealistic
text: seventeen-year-old.
speaker_heading: : LUKE
dialog: You can turn around now...
dialog: (grabbing edge of tub)
dialog: No balance -- I need a backrest,
text: Roll up a towel.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (comes to tub)
dialog: I'll do it.
text: She reaches behind him, supports his back.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 116
dialog: 117
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: 91.
dialog: (2)
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I don’t know. At first I tried to
dialog: waste every VC in sight; I wound up
dialog: offering the ones we captured
dialog: cigarettes and food... I don't know
dialog: — I thought I was doing the right
dialog: thing, but I felt I wasn't... Some
dialog: guys never do get straightened around...
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: (soaps his back with
dialog: a free hand)
dialog: Well... I think a person could get
dialog: "straightened around' and still
dialog: believe in what his country is doing.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I guess so, some do. Not me. Not
dialog: now. /
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: What you did at the VA, the protest,
dialog: weren't you fighting for what you
dialog: believed? Wasn't that a war? In
dialog: & way?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (e long beat)
dialog: --. It's that streak of John Wayne
dialog: in me, sometimes I can't control it.
scene_heading: INT. BEACH HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - EARLY MORNING
text: Luke sits on the beanbag chair in front of the fire. Sally
text: sits on the floor beside him. They share a joint.
text: . LUKE.
dialog: «». It got so I couldn't take her
dialog: pity — I had to ask her not to come
dialog: around. Once she said, 'Luke, if I
dialog: could only give you my legs...'
dialog: Jesus! I told her, 'Mom, I don't
dialog: want your goddamn legs...'
speaker_heading: SALLY | :
dialog: Hmmm... my mother always wanted my
dialog: legs...
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: (looks at her,
dialog: smiles)
dialog: I'd say she had damn good taste...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: 117 CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Sure, she had good taste, she was a
dialog: lady. She did all the right things,
text: joined the P.T.A., chaperoned the
dialog: dances, cried at my wedding, she had
dialog: life down to a science...
speaker_heading: . LUKE
dialog: That's ‘a hard way to live...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: By the book -- I guess I followed
dialog: in her footsteps... accept everything
dialog: that comes along with a number four
text: smile -- there's a different smile
dialog: for every emotion, number four is
dialog: the best: all-around. You use it when
dialog: . your body is being wrenched apart .
dialog: inside. It's great...
speaker_heading: LUKE -
dialog: Let's see it.
text: Sally turns to him slowly, smiles blankly at him.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (winces)
dialog: That's horrible.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (relaxes)
dialog: I know -—- I'm throwing it out --
dialog: I'm throwing out the whole
dialog: repertoire...
text: She moves closer to him, leans against the beanbag.
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: (looks out at the
dialog: daybreak)
dialog: «+. God, I couldn't tell you if it
dialog: was sunrise or sunset...
speaker_heading: LUKE :
dialog: Tired?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Wiped out...
text: He reaches down, touches her, softly massages her shoul-
text: ders,.. She moves closer to him, puts her arm around his
text: legs and holds them tightly...
dialog: 118
dialog: 119
dialog: 220
dialog: 93.
scene_heading: INT. BEACH HOUSE - BACK BEDROOM ~— EARLY MORNING
text: The SURF is HEARD in the distance. Sally and Luke are
text: in bed, making love. There 1s a warmth and tenderness
text: in Sally's love-making with Luke, unlike her rough
text: and tumble sex play with Bob. Luke is intimate, caring,
dialog: yet a but uncertain...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: -.- I'm not sure...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: «+. Don't worry...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: --. I never know...
speaker_heading: . SALLY
dialog: -.. You're beautiful, Luke...
dialog: beautiful...
text: They continue to explore, caress each other...
scene_heading: EXT. SPECIALIZED AUTO GARAGE - DAY
text: Luke is picking up a Ford Shelby fitted with hand
text: controls. .Sélly, her hair frizzy and dressed more
text: casual then we heve seen her, watches as Luke transfers
text: into the driver's seat.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You asked me what three things
dialog: shaped the American character,
dialog: I'd say slavery, the six-shooter
dialog: and the automobile...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Where does sex come in?
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: In the back seat.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S SHELBY ~- DAY
text: Luke drives, Sally looks out at the ocean.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: This is great! Damn, it's
dialog: just great!
speaker_heading: - SALLY
dialog: (smiles, turns
dialog: to him)
dialog: Welcome to rush hours and
text: traffic jams.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 120
dialog: 121
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 94,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (leans head out
dialog: window, shouts)
dialog: Hellooc, America!
dialog: (pulls head in,
dialog: turns to Sally)
dialog: They'd better prepare themselves,
dialog: ‘cause here comes Luke!
scene_heading: INT. BEACH HOUSE - BACK BEDROOM - DAY
text: Vi helps Sally hang a mirror behind Luke's bed.
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: He has to examine himself for
text: bedsores, he can't feel them.
text: They all have mirrors beside
dialog: their beds.
dialog: vi
dialog: I didn’t ask.
scene_heading: INT. HIGH SCHOOL AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: There is scattered appleuse as a Marine Corps Recruiter,
text: in dress uniform, walks back to a seat on the stage. A
text: gangling youth, BENNY, steps to the microphone.
speaker_heading: BENNY
dialog: And now, to present a different
dialog: perspective, 1s Luke Martin, a
dialog: combat veteran of the Marine
dialog: Corps.
text: There is polite applause as Luke, a peace symbol on
text: his T-shirt, wheels to the mike. Benny lowers it for
text: him. Luke smiles at the audience, looks back to the
dialog: Marine recruiter.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (turns to audience)
dialog: Would you believe I used to look
dialog: ‘like that?
text: There is laughter from the kids.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH SCHOOL AUDITORIUM - DAY
text: Luke is outside the entrance, rapping to a group of
dialog: students.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 125
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Sally stands in the b.g., watching.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I wasn't trying to tell you .
dialog: what to do. I was just relating
dialog: my feelings. And I want you to
dialog: know that you do have a choice!
text: A student, RONNIE, disagrees with Luke.
speaker_heading: . RONNIE
dialog: Oh, yeah, leave the country
dialog: or go to jail!
speaker_heading: - LUKE _
dialog: That's the last resort -- but
dialog: I tell you, I would give it
dialog: very serious consideration —-
dialog: It's your life, man...
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH HOUSE ~ DAY
text: Two men, out of place in the area, stroll down the @liley
text: and glance at Sally. She is reading the mail as Luke
text: rolls down a ramp that has been fitted over the front
text: steps. He stops as he sees her with the letter. She
text: looks over to him...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: It's from Cathy. She wants
dialog: me to start a gossip column for
dialog: the paper.
dialog: (tears letter
dialog: in half)
dialog: Who needs that?
dialog: (crosses to Luke)
dialog: How about a walk?.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: . (smiles)
dialog: Sure...
text: They head off down the alley.
scene_heading: INT. VI'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: The apartment has been fixed up -- curtains, freshly
text: painted, etc. Vi, Sally and Luke sit around, half-
text: stoned and giggly, eating tacos and drinking Carta
dialog: Blanca.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: +
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: : VI
dialog: (to Luke)
dialog: -+- He'd call you a hippie
dialog: faggot. He'd hate you...
speaker_heading: : SALLY
dialog: Dink’s definitely not your
dialog: run-of-the-mill flower child,
dialog: kind of rough around the edges...
dialog: VI. .
dialog: Yeah... Y'know, I really miss
dialog: the little grunt...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (raises beer)
dialog: Let's drink to Dink.
speaker_heading: ~ SALLY
dialog: (also lifts beer)
dialog: -A guy for Vi.
text: The three clink their beer cans.
dialog: . VI
text: A toast to the host,
dialog: not here for a beer,
dialog: aefending America's lest frontier...
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: ... If that fucker sends me an ear...
text: Sally and Luke break up as they drink thelr Carta Blanca.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S SHELBY - PARKED - DAY
text: Sally is alone in the Shelby, reading. She checks her
text: watch, takes a deep breath, puts on a floppy hat and
text: sunglasses, takes a bag from the floor end gets out of
dialog: the car.
scene_heading: EXT. MARINE BASE - DAY
text: Sally hurries from the car to a gathering of anti-war
text: demonstrators marching back and forth in front of the
text: entrance. Luke is among them, holding a sign reading,
text: “VIETNAM VETERANS AGAINST THE WAR." She comes to
text: him, hands him the bag.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Here's your lunch.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: . 127
dialog: -
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Good ~~ hold the sign while
dialog: I eat, okay?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (backing away)
dialog: Oh, shit, no.
speaker_heading: "LUKE
dialog: C'mon, Bender, for Christ sakes
dialog: -- I can't do both...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: . (looking around)
dialog: I've got to get back to the
dialog: car...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: On, Jesus, your mother wouldn't
dialog: even recognize you...
dialog: (hands her the
dialog: - Sign)
dialog: ++ It'll just be a minute...
text: Sally glares at Luke, then pulls her hat down further,
text: takes the sign, stands frozen.
speaker_heading: LUKE .
dialog: Walk around with them, you'll
dialog: blend in with the crowd. :
text: Sally hesitates, then joins the protestors as Luke
text: eats a sandwich.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH HOUSE ALLEY - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Luke's Shelby 1s parked in the alley. Sally pulis
text: her Porsche into the garage, gets out with a load
text: of groceries, checks the mailbox.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH HOUSE PORCH ~ LATE A®TERNOON
text: Luke is watching two men in business: suits walk by the
dialog: house. :
speaker_heading: SALLY (0.S.)
dialog: Luke! Open the door!
text: He wheels around, goes inside.
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 98.
scene_heading: INT. BEACH HOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Luke crosses to the door, opens it for Sally.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (enters with
dialog: groceries)
dialog: Thanks... |
dialog: (heads toward
dialog: *kitchen) . -
dialog: I got a couple of papayas, they
dialog: look great...
text: Luke follows her into the kitehen, hands her an open
dialog: envelope.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: -.. A letter from Bob...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (taking letter)
dialog: He's okay! Thank God...
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: I opened it. He's coming home.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Is something...?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Nothing heavy. He got shot in
dialog: the foot. Read it.
text: Luke looks away as Sally reads the letter. It is obviously
dialog: terse, no more than Luke had said. Sally folds it,
text: looks at Luke.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (shudders)
dialog: I’m cold. Let's build a fire.
scene_heading: INT. BACK BEDROOM ~ NIGHT
text: Sally comes into the room carrying a blanket. Luke
text: is in bed.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: ‘Do you mind an extra blanket
dialog: tonight?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No, it's okay...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 1321
dialog: 433
dialog: 134
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: »e- Are you sure?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'm sure.
text: Sally spreads out the blanket, adjusts the bottom edge
text: while Luke straightens out the top. She gets into bed, .
text: next to Luke but not touching him. They lie with their
text: eyes open, neither speaking. .
scene_heading: INT. BACK BEDROOM - LATER ~ NIGHT
text: Luke and Sally are back to back. The blanket is mussed
text: from sleeplessness. They are both awake, unable to sleep,
text: unable to share what they are feeling.
scene_heading: INT. BACK BEDROOM - DAWN
text: Early morning srey is SEEN through the window. Luke
text: and Sally are still awake, the blanket wrinkled and half
text: off the bed. They are motionless, Luke iying on his back
text: and Sally on her side, facing away from him. After some
text: time, Luke slowly turns his head, looks at her fora
text: moment, then reaches out and touches her. He moves his
text: hand along the contours of her back, her shoulder, her
text: arm. Sally responds, turns to him. They are apart
text: for a few moments, lightly stroking each other's bodies.
text: Then Luke pulls her close to him, and, with a feeling
text: of urgency, they begin to make love.
scene_heading: INT. BACK BEDROOM - MORNING
text: Sally awakens with the sun in her eyes, disoriented from
text: lack of sleep. She turns over and sits up. Luke has
text: gone. The room has been cleared of all evidence of his
text: presence except for the mirror.
scene_heading: EXT. .BEACH HOUSE ALLEY ~ MORNING
text: Sally, in robe, comes out of the house and down the
text: ramp. Luke's car is gone. Vi passes, coming from the
text: mailbox, an open letter in her hand.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: He left early...
dialog: (motions to
dialog: letter)
text: Dink says Bob's coming home.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: uu.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: vI
dialog: Want a cup of coffee?
text: Sally nods, she and Vi go off toward Vi's apartment.
scene_heading: EXT. AIR TERMINAL, - DAY .
text: Coffins are being unloaded from one section of a plane,
text: injure@ Marines come out of a forward exit. Sally stands
text: waiting for Bob. She spots him, waves, yells and runs
text: to meet him. Bob has a cane, is limping only slightly as
text: he gets off the plane. Sally grabs him with a big open
dialog: smile...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Bob!it
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (pulls back,
dialog: looks at her)
dialog: What the hell did you do to
dialog: your hair?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Itts a natural! How do you like
dialog: 1?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (glances around,
dialog: distracted)
dialog: “Where's the demonstration? The
dialog: asshole that briefed us...
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: They’re out at the gate, they can't
dialog: get on Base. .
dialog: , {leads him to the
dialog: Porsche }
dialog: What.do you think?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: About what?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (motions to car)
dialog: The Speedster -~ it's ours.
text: Sally hands Bob the keys and he grins, for a moment shaking
text: pit the vague sense of depression which seems to preoccupy
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: “BOB
dialog: (as he checks it out)
dialog: Outstanding! Absolutely outstanding!
dialog: «.- What do we have in the bank?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: You know me and bank statements...
text: They get into the car.
scene_heading: EXT. AIR TERMINAL GATE ~ DAY
text: The Porsche passes a small group of anti-war demonstrators.
scene_heading: INT. PORSCHE - DAY
text: Sally raises two fingers in the peace sign as they pass.
text: Bob laughs.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Would you believe I'm carrying
dialog: a@ revolver? Some cats have
dialog: grenades...
dialog: (gives peace sign)
dialog: Peace on you, too, brother.
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY - DAY
text: Bob pushes the Speedster to its limit as he takes a
text: cloverleaf curve up onto the freeway.
scene_heading: INT. PORSCHE — DAY
text: Sally laughs with Bob as they level out on the freeway.
speaker_heading: BOB
text: A little tail drift.
text: SALLY .
dialog: Is driving okay for your foot?
speaker_heading: BOB.
dialog: Itil tell you about my foot
dialog: later. I'm cars now!
speaker_heading: ’
text: He cuts through traffic into the fast lane and opens the
text: gar up. Saily watches curiously.
dialog: ‘
dialog: s
dialog: 102.
scene_heading: 141 EXT. BEACH HOUSE ALLEY - DAY
text: Bob pulls the Porsche carefully into the garage. As he
text: gets out, he looks around, turns to Sally.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Is this a joke?
speaker_heading: SALLY -
dialog: No joke...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You.never told me you were
text: this close to the beach.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I wanted it to be a surprise. -
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (looks her over,
dialog: her hair, her
dialog: clothes)
dialog: You're full of surprises.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (heads for front
dialog: door)
dialog: It's the new style now -- more
dialog: comfortable, too...
text: She leads him to the door, a bit unsure of herself and of
dialog: Bob.
scene_heading: 142 INT. BEACH HOUSE - DAY
text: The house 1s decorated with streamers and a "WELCOME
text: HOME, BOB" sign, taped to the sliding glass doors.
text: Vi stands waiting with a tray of chilled martinis.
text: Sally opens the door, stands back for Bob to see the
dialog: house.-
dialog: : vI
dialog: Welcome back, hero!
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (enters)
dialog: Hey, Vi. How you doing?
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Great. How's my husband?
text: She hands him a martini, kisses him. Sally enters,
text: takes a martini.
speaker_heading: BOB
text: Old Dink's doing okay. Whipping
dialog: everybody's ass. ,
speaker_heading: . cs (CONTINUED)
dialog: 142.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED :
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (puts arms around
dialog: Bob)
dialog: Are you hungry?
speaker_heading: BOB :
text: Thirsty. Powerful thirst.
dialog: : VI :
dialog: I made Swedish meatballs to ~
dialog: nibble on. They go good with
dialog: drinking.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Do you like the place?
speaker_heading: . BOB
dialog: How's the surf?
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: Super down by the pier.
dialog: vi .
dialog: Tell us about your foot.
speaker_heading: : BOB
dialog: (finishes martini)
dialog: I'm a fucking hero. I'm going
dialog: to get a medal -- that's what
dialog: happened to my goddem foot...
dialog: turns to Vi)
dialog: How about a refill...
dialog: vi
dialog: * (heads for the
dialog: pitcher)
dialog: Sure, I made gallons. But we
dialog: still want to hear about your
dialog: foot.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Well, I was running down the road
text: on the way to the showers, nothing
text: but a towel around my waist, with
dialog: my M16 and this bandolier... .
speaker_heading: vI
dialog: (pouring him drink)
dialog: To go to the shower?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Baby, we carried our Ml6's even
dialog: when we went to pee....
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 1k2
dialog: 143
dialog: . 104,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: BOB (CONT'D)
dialog: There I was, trucking on down to
text: the showers, plentifully fucked
text: up on Thai weed and local brew
dialog: when by the grace of God I tripped
dialog: and fucking near shot my foot off...
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Dink coulda thought of that.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: How ‘does the medal fit in?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I'm going to get decorated because
dialog: the Colonel doesn't want the
dialog: truth about fragging to come out...
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Fragging?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Yeah, that's killing your own
dialog: officers, baby, how about that?
dialog: Fuck it, where's the head?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (motions)
text: Through the bedroom.
text: As Bob exits, Sally and Vi exchange bewildered looks.
text: Bob comes back immediately.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (as he returns)
dialog: Listen, I promised to have a
text: drink with a guy from Nam at
dialog: the. Officers’ Ciub. I'll be
dialog: back for dinner, okay?
text: Bob goes out of the house, closing the door on Vi and Sally.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH HOUSE - PORCH - NIGHT
text: Sally and Vi share a joint in the darkness. The TV flickers
text: inside the house. The STONES PLAY on the STEREO. They
text: both turn as they hear hot TIRES and a CRUNCH of METAL.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I think he's home...
dialog: 144
dialog: 105.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH HOUSE ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Bob is examining the front fender of the Speedster, caved
text: in where he hit the side of the garage. The two
text: uniformed Marines with him are laughing at his attempts
text: to pull it straight. BRICK, a Sergeant, is a baby-—faced
text: man with a skimpy blond moustache. DICKIE, a Corporal,
text: seems permanently quizzical, as though trying to remember
text: something. All three are drunk. Bob looks up to see
text: Sally and Vi in the lights of the car.
speaker_heading: . BOB
dialog: Fucked up the fender...
speaker_heading: BRICK
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: He said, 'It's a fucking ambush! '
speaker_heading: DICKIE
dialog: (laughing with him)
dialog: “Booby trapped the fucking garage!'
text: Sally leans down to look at the fender...
speaker_heading: - BOB
dialog: Rey, kid, these guys are Brick
dialog: and Dickie, we met on the plane.
dialog: This is Sally... and Vi.
text: Sally looks up, nods...
speaker_heading: BOS
dialog: You got enough? I had to invite
dialog: them -~ they're orphans...
dialog: They all think thet this is very funny. Sally rises,
text: angry, but holding it in. :
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: There's plenty. Sally and I
dialog: won't eat, that's all.
speaker_heading: . BoB
dialog: She's Mobley's girl. You know?
speaker_heading: : BRICK
dialog: Oh, yeah?
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: You'd better believe it, old buddy.
speaker_heading: BRICK
dialog: Who's Mobley?
text: A second car roars past the garage, The three yell and
text: run into the alley. The car backs up and parks. Three
text: more drunken Marines, 411 NCO's, climb out.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: +
dialog: rr
dialog: =
dialog: wm
dialog: y
dialog: 146
dialog: a7
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I didn't invite them. I don't
dialog: even know who they are. Who are
dialog: you, Larkin?
text: This is the topper, Brick repeats it. They all are
text: laughing. Bob puts his arms around Sally.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: God's truth, I didn't invite them.
dialog: You don't mind, though, they
dialog: brought booze.
dialog: (turns)
dialog: Didn't you bring booze?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (resigned, turns to
dialog: vi)
dialog: Well, I guess we're having a
dialog: party. If you get a pizza, I'll
dialog: make a salad.
scene_heading: INT. BEACH HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Sally is making 2 salad. Bob, Dickie and two others are
text: on the perch drinking and laughing. Brick has passed
text: out in front of the fire. BUDDY, a very young Marine,
text: stands watching Sally.
speaker_heading: BUDDY
dialog: I appreciate this, ma'am. I wish
dialog: you'd let me do something...
speaker_heading: : SALLY
dialog: Start washing glasses, We're
text: running out.
text: Buddy starts washing. Vi arrives with the pizza.
scene_heading: INT. BEACH HOUSE ~ LIVING ROOM - LATER - NIGHT
text: The music’ has stopped, the dishes are stacked in the
text: kitchen and the Marines have gone. Sally is alone in
text: the living room, angrily tearing down the streamers
text: from the ceiling. She throws them away, end her anger
text: turns to deep hurt as she slowly takes dow the "Welcome
text: Home" Sign. Nearing tears, she folds it up and puts it
text: into the trash.
scene_heading: INT. BEACH HOUSE ~ FRONT BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Bob is in bed, his clothes scattered across the floor.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47
dialog: ~
dialog: 148
dialog: 150
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Sally enters.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (wanting to talk)
dialog: Are you asleep?
text: Bob grunts, turns over. Sally dumps his clothes in
text: the hamper, sits on the side of the bed, looks at Bob.
text: She leans over to straighten the covers, stops abruptly
text: when she sees a pistol under his pillow. She draws
text: back, feeling frightened and alone. Sally rises, starts
text: to undress, unable to take her eyes off of Bob.
scene_heading: EXT. BAYVIEW APARTMENTS ~ DAY
text: A modest apartment building. Sally drives up, parks in.
text: front. She gets out of the Porsche carrying Luke's
text: mirror, enters building.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT POOL AREA ~- DAY
text: Sally walks through, khocks on the door of a ground
text: floor anertment. Luke opens the door.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (surprised) :
dialog: Hey, how're you doing?
dialog: (rolls beck)
dialog: C'mon in. ~
speaker_heading: ° SALLY
dialog: You forgot your mirror...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah...
text: Sally, feeling awkward, enters the epartment.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S APARTMENT ~ DAY
text: The apartment is outfitted for a para. Books and notepads
text: are piled on a desk. Activist posters are on the walls.
text: Sally sets the mirror down, looks around the room.
speaker_heading: - (CONTINUED)
dialog: ~~
dialog: 108,
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: : SALLY
dialog: Looks like you've been keeping
dialog: busy...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Ihave. There's a lot going
dialog: on... How'd you find me?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Bozo... How've you been?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Pretty good... Very good, actually
dialog: -.. I've given a couple of talks,
dialog: done a fair amount of reading. We're
dialog: planning a big demonstration
dialog: Saturday... How about you? How's
dialog: Bob?
dialog: . | SALLY
dialog: Okay. Y'know, there's adjustments
dialog: and all...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah, I'm going through the seme
dialog: thing. I haven't lived alone in
dialog: 2 long time -- but I like it,
dialog: it's a good feeling...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Yeah...
dialog: Would you like some coffee or
dialog: anything?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (Looks at watch,
dialog: smiles)
dialog: “ You know’ how it is with schedules...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Maybe some other time?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (starts for door)
dialog: Sure -- I'll give you a call...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 150
dialog: ~~
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'll be around...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (as she leaves)
dialog: Okay... See you.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: ‘(wheels to door)
dialog: Right...
text: He watches Sally as she walks away.
scene_heading: INT. MARINE BASE COMMANDANT’S OFFICE - AFTERNOON
text: An informal ceremony is in progress. A Marine COLONEL
text: is presenting medals to Bob and two other Marine OFFICERS.
text: Sally stands to one side of the office alongside families
text: of the other Marines. Bob's face is tight as the Colonel i
dialog: presents the medal. .
speaker_heading: COLONEL
dialog: Captain Robert Harrel Hayne, on
dialog: orders of the Commander In Chief
dialog: of the Armed Forces, it is my honor
dialog: and privilege to present you...
scene_heading: INT. OFFICERS' CLUB - EVENING
text: An evening at the Officers’ Ciub. In a room in the b.g.
text: officers' wives sit around ea table playing cards. Bob
text: is at the bar with Cathy. Earl has Sally cornered at
text: a side of the room,
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Christ, a decoration's like money
dialog: in the bank =~ like a high Nielson
dialog: rating or making All~American.
dialog: It's money in the bank. It's a
dialog: chance...
text: Sally is not listening, watching Bob.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (interrupts)
dialog: “Excuse me, Earl.
speaker_heading: . EARL
dialog: Sure...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 1190.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Sally goes through the crowd to Bob at the bar. He is
text: drinking a double martini as he talks to Cathy.
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: (puts a hand on
dialog: his shoulder)
dialog: I'm ready whenever you are...
text: He turns, seems genuinely pleased to see her.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Yeah, good idea...
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (looks Sally over)
dialog: Going back to the commune?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Anywhere... I'd just like to
dialog: be with Bob...
text: The bartender arrives with two more martinis, looks
text: at Bod auestioningly. Bob takes both glasses and hands
text: one to Sally, turns to the bartender.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Bring Mrs. Delise another, okay?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (nudges Sally)
dialog: You'd better drive...
text: Sally nods as they Leave the club.
scene_heading: INT. PORSCHE - NIGHT
text: Bob driving, Satay letting the wind blow through her
dialog: hair.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You want to go to the Raft?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: No -- no more drinking -- let's
dialog: just drive -- 4t's a beautiful
dialog: night...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (looks at her)
dialog: You're a beautiful woman...
dialog: 111.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH PARKING LOT - NIGHT
text: > The Porsche 1s parked. Bob and Sally climb down a
text: bluff to the sand. Barefoot, they walk for a while,
text: then Sally turns to hin.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Have you thought any more about
dialog: the Corps?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: All the time...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Did you make up your mind? Are
dialog: you going to stay, or leave, or
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: . BOB
dialog: I don't want to talk about
dialog: ‘that...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: " (piquea)
dialog: Well, what do you want to talk
dialog: about?
text: Bob wheels and grebs her. ‘They fall to the sand, en-
text: tangled -- the boozy rough and tumble sex play they
text: have enjoyed in the past. Sally goes along with him
dialog: to 2 certain point ~- but now, instead of accepting
text: the pain, she expresses her feelings.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Stop, Bob! Goddammit, that hurts!
text: On impulse, Bob yanks her up end slaps her herd across the
text: mouth. Sally spins backward into the sand. Bob is about
text: to continue when he stops short, realizes what he has done...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (bending down)
dialog: Hey... God, I didn't mean... I'm
dialog: sorry... Jesus...
text: Sally turns away, gets up Slowly, holding her mouth and
text: brushing away the sand.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I’m going home...
text: She heads back toward the car. Sob slowly follows.
dialog: 155,
dialog: 156
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: INT. BEACH HOUSE - NIGHT
text: ROCK MUSIC BLARES inside the house. Brick is opening beers
text: while Dickle fries eggs. They are now wearing civvies.
text: SHAD, a newcomer, is a First Lieutenant in uniform. He is
text: heavy-eyed and bald, smokes grass from an ornate pipe. The
text: door opens, Sally enters, followed by Bob. Shad jumps to
text: his feet, grins widely, revealing several missing teeth.
speaker_heading: SHAD
dialog: Hey, you ever-loving-mother-
dialog: fucking. fucker!
text: Bob embraces him.- They kiss, pound each other, then Bob
text: turns to Sally.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You see this miserable turd? I
dialog: love this man better than a
dialog: fucking mother!
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I'm going to bed, Bob.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Sure...
text: Bob hugs Shed again. ‘The CAMERA FOLLOWS Sally as she goes
text: to the front bedroon.
speaker_heading: : BOB (0.S.)
dialog: When'd you split?
speaker_heading: SHAD
dialog: Take a hit of this Thai soaked in
dialog: opium. I brought two kilos back...
text: Sally disappears as she slams the bedroom door.
scene_heading: INT. BEACH HOUSE -— MORNING
text: Brick has passed out on a sheg rug, his head in his own
text: dried vomit. Sally rolls him over with her foot.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Get up and get out. You'll be |
dialog: late to school...
text: Brick pulls himself together, grunts what might be an apo-
text: logy, decides against trying to placate Sally and stumbles
text: toward the door. Sally makes a face and starts to roll
text: up the rug.
dialog: 157
dialog: 158 -
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH HOUSE ALLEY - DAY
text: The rug is draped over a clothesline. Sally is angrily
text: hosing down the beanbag, trying to wash away the ugly mess
text: of spilled food and wine. Vi comes down the alley.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Who barfed? Brick? Brick's a
dialog: barfer. I can spot ‘em...
dialog: (starts for garage)
dialog: Lemme borrow your hammer, huh?
speaker_heading: SALLY
text: Brick's a bore. An over-aged high
dialog: school clown. TI am so fucking sick
text: of waking up in the morning to find
text: that baby face snoring up at me
text: from under tables and chairs...
text: Vi continues on into the gerage to search for the hammer.
text: Sally turns off the hose, goes into the garage. Vi is
text: looking into 2 large metal locker.
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: Do you know what your husband is
dialog: planning to do with this little
dialog: arsenal here?
text: For the first time, obviously, Saily looks into the locker.
text: She is stunned by the cache of weapons and ammo.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Jesus! Don't you think that's a
dialog: little weird?
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: They're all on tilt, haven't you
dialog: figured that out?
text: Vi exits the garage. Sally stands looking tnto the locker.
scene_heading: INT. VA MAXIMUM SECURITY WARD CORRIDOR — DAY
text: Sally follows Dr. Ring past the tinted windows of the
dialog: maximum security ward.
speaker_heading: DR. RING
dialog: ‘Frankly, I don't know whether you
dialog: should be alarmed for your husband
dialog: or not, Mrs. Hayne. The secret cache
dialog: of weapons is disturbing, I suppose,
dialog: put not that uncommon, believe me.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED )
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 160
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DR. RING (CONT'D)
dialog: Some of my colleagues feel there is
dialog: a specific Past-Vietnam Syndrome.
dialog: I don't reject the possibility. I
dialog: don't know what to suggest positively.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Whatever it 4s, it's getting ta be
dialog: too much for me. Can anything be
dialog: done to ‘help?
speaker_heading: DR. RING -
dialog: I believe there are group therapy
dialog: sessions being organized for
dialog: Vietnam veterans, I'm not sure.
dialog: Or if your husband would call me,
dialog: Iwill try to find time for a
dialog: consultation. Beyond that, I
dialog: don't know.
text: Dr. Ring enters maximum security ward. Sally starts back
text: toward the elevetor.
scene_heading: EXT. MARINE BASE ADMINISTRATION BUILDING - DAY
text: The Porsche, too up, 1s parked in front of the building.
text: Cathy comes to the car, reaches in window.
scene_heading: INT. PORSCHE ~ DAY
text: Sally is in passenger seat, deep in thought, looks up as
text: Cathy appears.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: (startled to see
dialog: Sally)
dialog: Ohl... Hi... .
dialog: (she reaches into
dialog: glove compartment)
dialog: r left my cigarette case in here
dialog: last night...
text: Sally is silent as Cathy looks through the compartment,
text: finds the case.
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: You know, you're entitled to a roll
dialog: in the hay with Earl if you're
dialog: interested...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: Vy’
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 162
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Did I win a lottery?
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: I made it with Bob last night.
dialog: Turnabout's fair play.
text: Sally says nothing, stares at Cathy.
speaker_heading: . CATHY
dialog: I thought he might of mentioned
dialog: it...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: we. No...
speaker_heading: CATHY
dialog: Well... He's pretty fucked up,
dialog: isn't he?
dialog: (starts to leave)
dialog: See you Thursday...
text: Cathy waves as she goes off. Sally turns away, puts her
text: hands in the coat pockets, scoots down in the seat, wishes
dialog: she were invisible.
scene_heading: EXT. MARINE BASE ADMINISTRATION BUILDING - FRONT DOOR - DAY
text: Bob comes out of the doorway, a manila envelope under his
text: arm. He stops, looks off, starts away, heads for the
dialog: Porsche.
scene_heading: INT. PORSCHE -.DAY
text: Bob climbs in, his mind elsewhere, hardly aware of Sally.
text: She looks at him, starts to speak, realizes she is about to
text: ery, decides to wait. Bob starts the car, turns the RADIO
text: too loud, flips the top down and pulls away, driving too
text: fast. Sally wipes her eyes, blows her nose, glances at Bob
text: sharply. Bob stops abruptly for a light.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Who's Luke Martin?
text: Sally turns down the radio to give herself time to breathe.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: The paraplegic I wrote you about.
dialog: He rented the back room.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ~~ BOB
dialog: Yeah, well, a friend of mine from
dialog: intelligence gave me this file...
dialog: seems they've had your friend
dialog: under surveillance...
text: The light changes and Bob takes off again. Sally looks at
text: the envelope without opening 1t, then looks back.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: They had our place bugged. He gave
dialog: me some tapes, pictures and all that
dialog: snait. It's all in there. I don't
dialog: . know if — you want it? TI haven't
dialog: got any fucking use for it...
speaker_heading: : SALLY
dialog: The bastards... Those lousy
dialog: “bastards... I suppose they played
dialog: them for you?
text: Bob nods. His knuckles are tight on the wheel aS he races
text: to pass a trio of bearded bikers. Sally waits till the ROAR
text: of the MOTORCYCLES FADES. She folds the envelope, tries to
text: ~ force it into.the glove compartment but cannot.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: This is kind of tronic. Sut that
dialog: only confuses things now. Bob,
dialog: I'd like to say this, though. I'n
dialog: not ashamed. Of anything that
dialog: happened...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Oh, Christ -- let's not -- let's
dialog: skip the bullshit.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I just want you to know. I'm not
dialog: making excuses.
speaker_heading: : BOB .
dialog: Look, we're both grown up. At
dialog: least we know the score. I feel
dialog: pretty fucking shitty.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Well, sure.
speaker_heading: ~~ BOB
dialog: Sure I do. Those maggots, what kind
dialog: of degenerate turds?... But, what
dialog: the fuck, I'm no saint.
speaker_heading: * (CONTINUED)
dialog: wr
dialog: 162
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED: (2)
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Cathy told me.
text: A HORN BLASTS them and a Corvette starts to pass. ° Bob
text: Slances over his shoulder...
speaker_heading: BOB :
dialog: Fuck you!
text: «+. Pacing the Corvette to prevent it from passing. Sally
text: tenses uneasily. The Corvette drops behind. Bob laughs.
speaker_heading: . BOB
dialog: “I love this car...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Are you finished? I mean, end of
dialog: conversation? If you want to drop
dialog: the subject for a while -- or
dialog: forever -- that's okay...
dialog: (waits, then)
dialog: If you hate me, never want to see
dialog: me again -- well, I guess that's
dialog: cool, too -- but what? You know?
dialog: Where does it stand? What's wrong?
dialog: &re we ever going to be able to
dialog: ~ talk to each other?
text: Bob turns off the freeway, slowing as they turn toward the
text: beach. He shifts down, driving almost too slow for safety,
text: trying to examine his own detached reaction.
speaker_heading: . BOB
dialog: Shit, I don't know. I don't know
dialog: what's wrong. I just haven't been
dialog: able to make 1% with you. It
dialog: doesn't work, that's all.
text: One wheel drifts off'onto the shoulder. Sally reaches for
text: the steering wheel but Bob has already straightened the
text: car, continuing as though nothing had happened. .
speaker_heading: : BOB
dialog: It's not me. What I mean is I'm
dialog: not impotent, I know that much.
dialog: Well, you know that...
dialog: (laughs, embarrassed)
dialog: it's something else...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Yeah, I know...
dialog: (regrets instantly)
dialog: Sorry. I didn't mean that. I just
dialog: feel lousy. About everything.
dialog: 163
dialog: 118.
scene_heading: EXT, BEACH HOUSE ALLEY ~- DAY
text: Bob pulls up without turning into the garage.
speaker_heading: . BOB
dialog: I think he has a right to know
dialog: about the fucking surveillance...
dialog: I should probably give him this
dialog: shit. I'd rather talk to him
dialog: alone unless you object...
speaker_heading: - SALLY
dialog: I don't object...
dialog: (gets out of car)
dialog: +.» Do you know where he lives?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (motions to envelope)
dialog: ee. They do...
text: Sally watches es Bob drives off.
scene_heading: EXT. LUKE'S APARTMENT ~ SWIMMING POOL - AFTERNOON 16%
text: Luke is in his wheelchair, reading by the pool. © Bob
text: comes from the front, cresses and stands facing Luke.
dialog: Bos
dialog: You Luke Martin?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That depends.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: .t'm Bob Hayne.
speaker_heading: . LUKE
dialog: Pull up a chaiz. I prefer ny
text: dialogue face to face.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (still standing)
dialog: So do I.
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: My neck gets tired looking up like
dialog: this,
text: Bob laughs, pulls up a canves chair and sits facing the pool
text: beside Luke. They both watch two girls in bikinis dive into
text: the pool. Bob hands Luke the manila envelope.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: I talked to Sally about this.
speaker_heading: (HORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 164
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: 118.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BOB (CONT'D) :
dialog: I thought you had a right to know
dialog: about it. They were watching the
dialog: house. Those are the tapes and all
dialog: that. I got it from Intelligence.
dialog: I don’t know who all was involved.
dialog: I don't particularly care. I'm
dialog: not political much. One way or
dialog: the other. But I hate the fuckers
dialog: for, this.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That's political. }
speaker_heading: BOB:
dialog: Maybe. I don't know.
speaker_heading: LUKE |
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: What the hell.
text: Tney watch the two girls climb out of the pool and dry
text: themselves. Bob rises.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Well, that's what I came to say.
dialog: The rest's up to Sally, I guess...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Peace, brother.
speaker_heading: . BOB
dialog: I'm for that.
text: He walks out past the two girls.
scene_heading: EXT. BAYVIEW APARTMENT ENTRANCE - AFTERNOON
text: Bob stops at a telephone booth and dials.
speaker_heading: , ‘ BOB
dialog: Sally? Hi... How're you doin'? I
dialog: gave Luke the stuff. Anything you
dialog: need before I come home? ,
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF BAYVIEW APARTMENTS - AFTERNOON
text: Bob starts the Porsche and drives away. .
dialog: oe
dialog: 168
dialog: 169
dialog: 169
dialog: 170
speaker_heading: i71
dialog: 120.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE LIQUOR STORE - AFTERNOON
text: Bob comes from the store, carrying beer, starts away.
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY - AFTERNOON
text: Bod overtakes a pretty girl in a sports car, turns the
text: RADIO up ‘and passes.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE VEGETABLE STAND - LATE AFTERNOON
text: A thatched roofed; "Fresh Picked" type stand. Bob pays for
text: salad greens, returns to the car.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH HOUSE - GARAGE - APTERNOON
text: Bob pulls the Porsche into the garage, stops on a dime, gets
text: out with the groceries. .
scene_heading: INT. BEACH HOUSE - AFTERNOON
text: The party has already started. TV and STEREO GOING STRONG..
text: Bob's buddies play poker. Sally and Vi in ‘the kitchen,
text: making spaghetti. Bob enters, goes directly to the counter,
text: sets the bags down. Sally, seeing a stiffness in Bob, is
dialog: concerned.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Are you all right?
speaker_heading: BOS
dialog: I'm fine.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I want to know what happened with
dialog: Luke,
speaker_heading: : BOB
dialog: nt (takes six-pack out
dialog: of bag)
dialog: “It went well.
text: He goes off to the poker game with the beer.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: It went well?
dialog: . : (turns to Vi)
dialog: That's great -- 1t went well...
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: He ‘hes a way with words...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: Lal.
scene_heading: 2-71 CONTINUED:
dialog: ~
text: : Bob stands almost at attention, opening each can with exact-
text: ness and setting it down with a formality in front of each
text: player. When finished, he stands at the window, locking out.
text: in the kitchen, Sally and Vi go back to cooking the
dialog: spaghetti. .
speaker_heading: , SALLY
dialog: (to Vi quietly)
dialog: Itm getting so fucking sick of
dialog: this... ~
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: You wanna stay with me for a while,
dialog: babe?
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: I don't know, Vi... I don't know...
dialog: (she turns)
dialog: Bob, would you get this trash...?
text: Sally looks around, doesn't see Bob...
speaker_heading: . SALLY
dialog: - Where'd he go?
dialog: vr
dialog: Maybe the john...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (calls to card
dialog: players)
dialog: Did you guys see where Bob went?
text: Nobody answers.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Fuck him. I'll do it myself...
dialog: (gives Vi spoon)
dialog: Keep stirring, huh?
text: Sally picks up trash, goes out.
scene_heading: 172. EXT. BEACH HOUSE ~ AFTERNOON
text: Sally takes trash into garage, notices the Porsche is gone.
text: She empties the garbage into a can, stands alone for a
text: moment, wrapping her arms around herself to keep warm. She
text: looks over to the locker where she saw the cache, slowly
text: opens it. The cache is depleted. Weapons and ammunition
text: are missing. Only a rifle and pistol remain. Saily stands
text: looking in for a beat, suddenly is very frightened.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 172
dialog: rot
dialog: a
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
dialog: 175
dialog: 122.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She runs out of the garage, calling as she runs toward the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: . SALLY
dialog: Vil Val...
scene_heading: EXT. SECLUDED AREA OFF HIGHWAY -— AFTERNOON
text: The Porsche, top up, is parked. An M16, a .45 automatic
text: pistol and bandoliers of ammunition are laid out on the
text: hood of the car. Bob is putting on camouflaged combat
text: fatigues, a "Tiger Suit." His civilian clothing is folded
text: neatly, put in a small bundle next to the weapons.
scene_heading: INT. BEACH HOUSE -- AFTERNOON
text: Sally is on the phone. Vi stands in the kitchen, anxious ,
text: her eyes on Sally. The poker game goes on in the b.g. as
text: Sally speaks...
text: SALLY .
dialog: (1nto the phone)
dialog: It's like a nigntmare -- I just
dialog: don't know what he’s going to do...
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S APARTMENT - AFTERNOON
text: Luke wheels to the door as he talks to Sally.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (locking door)
dialog: Call the police, that's all you
dialog: cen do....
scene_heading: INTERCUT.
speaker_heading: SALLY : :
dialog: Oh shit, Luke! TI can't call them!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Then I'll do it -- you sit tight,
dialog: they'll send somebody over...
text: Luke hangs up, starts to redial...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hang up, goddammit!
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (still on phone)
dialog: Let me know...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: 177
dialog: 179
dialog: 123.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (interrupts )
dialog: I will -- now hang up...
text: Luke hangs up, listens for dial tone, calls police.
scene_heading: INT. BEACH HOUSE - AFTERNOON
text: Sally grips the telephone receiver tightly on its cradle.
text: Vi comes to her, puts an arm on her shoulder. The poker
text: Players explode in laughter as a beer is spilled. Sally
text: whips around, furious...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Get out of my house! All of you!
text: They look around at her, smiling.
speaker_heading: SHAD .
dialog: Aw shit, Sally, it's only a beer...
text: SALLY .
dialog: Gut! You assholes! You stupid
dialog: motherfuckers, get out of my house!
dialog: Now!!1 .
text: The smiles fade and the men get up to leave.
scene_heading: EXT. BRUSH-COVERED HILLSIDE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Bob, carrying the M16, the .45 in its holster and the ban-
text: doliers over his shoulders, runs TOWARD CAMERA. He finds
text: cover, crouches, looks off.
speaker_heading: Bo5'S Pov
text: The vegetable stand Bob stopped at earlier is across the
text: road. A county Fire Department pickup truck pulls up and
text: parks. Two firemen, dressed in work clothes, get out and
text: enter the stand.
scene_heading: EXT. BRUSH-COVERED HILLSIDE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Bob checks his rifle, then rises and runs, zigzag style
text: down the hill, across the street and flattens himself
text: agéinst the side of the fire truck.
speaker_heading: “180
dialog: a
dialog: -
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: ~
dialog: ~
dialog: ~
dialog: -
dialog: 124.
scene_heading: INT. PICKUP TRUCK - LATE AFTERNOON
text: A third fireman, MITCHELL, who has been slouched in the
text: seat, reacts to the movement and looks out the window, sees
text: Bob sprint from behind the truck and into the vegetable
dialog: stand.
scene_heading: INT. VEGETABLE STAND - LATE AFTERNOON
text: A BEARDED MAN and a WOMAN are the owners. The two firemen
text: are looking through the boxes of produce when Bob appears,
text: waving the M16, and shouting orders in Vietnamese, the four
dialog: turn to Bob, don't move.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (in English)
dialog: In the dirt!
speaker_heading: FIREMAN
dialog: Hey, c'mon...
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: In the dirt! Drop!!
speaker_heading: nm
text: The firemen raise their hands, fall to the ground. Bob
text: points the rifle at the Man and woman.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: You toct On your stomachs!
speaker_heading: BEARDED MAN
dialog: (terrified)
dialog: Take the money, man... take the
dialog: money...
text: Bob steps forwand, cracks the Man across the side of the heac
text: with the butt of the rifle. He falls, the woman quickly
text: drops to her stomach.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: Don't fucking move!
text: Bob suddenly freezes as a VOICE is HEARD over a RADIO...
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE
dialog: ... This is Unit Nineteen... We're
dialog: on State Eleven a half mile south
dialog: of the freeway...
text: As the VOICE CONTINUES, Bob realizes it is coming frem 2
text: walkie-talkie one of the firemen has clipped to his waist.
text: Bob spins around, looks out to the truck...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 182
dialog: 183
dialog: 184
dialog: 185
dialog: 125.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: RADIO VOICE
dialog: There might be a holdup out here...
text: The man looks like a soldier, has
dialog: a rifle, he's got two of our men
dialog: inside...
text: Bob sees Mitchell in the truck, speaking into microphone.
text: He FIRES a BURST from the M16. The RADIO GOES SILENT.
scene_heading: INT. LUKE'S APARTMENT - LATE AFTERNOON .
text: A policeman, HUSTEDT, hangs up the phone.
speaker_heading: HUSTEDT
dialog: (to Luke)
dialog: They've found him...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Has his wife been notified?
speaker_heading: HUSTEDT -
text: She's on her way.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY ADJACENT TO STAND - DUSK
text: Some police cars are there, others are arriving. All are
text: positioned a distance from the stand.
scene_heading: INT. VEGETABLE STAND - DUSK
text: The woman end three men ere stripped to their underwear,
text: hands tied behind, with one length of twine looped around
text: each of their necks, linking the four together. They stand
text: near the rear doorway as Bob lights his Zippo, puts it to the
text: thatched wall. Bob, his rifle in one hand and the fireman's
text: walkie-talkie in the other, pushes his prisoners out the
text: rear door as the stand begins to burn.
scene_heading: EXT., HIGHWAY ADJACENT TO STAND - EVENING
text: Two more police cars arrive as the stand burns in the b.g-
text: Sally gets out of one of the squad cars and a police lieu-
text: tenant, JOHNS, apvroaches her.
speaker_heading: LT. JOHNS
dialog: (holding walkie-talkie)
dialog: Mrs. Hayne? I'm Lieutenant Johns.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: Are you sure it's my husband?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED }
dialog: 185
dialog: 186
dialog: 187
dialog: 126.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LT. JOHNS
dialog: It's him...
speaker_heading: BOB'S VOICE
dialog: (over walkie-talkie)
dialog: Mobley?... Jennings?... Williems?...
scene_heading: EXT. GULLY - EVENING
text: Bob has his rifle trained on his four prisoners as he
text: speaks into the walkie-talkie.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Where are you, goddamit? Make
dialog: contact!
dialog: (puts radio down)
dialog: Those chickenshit assholes!
dialog: (to prisoners )
dialog: Squat! Squat down!
text: The four squat as Sally's VOICE comes over the WALKIE-TALKIE.
speaker_heading: SALLY'S VOICE
dialog: (over radio) .
dialog: Bob? Bod, this is Sally...
text: There is no sign of recognition as Bob listens to Sally's
dialog: voice.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY ADJACENT TO STAND - EVENING
text: As Sally talks on the radio, Luke is getting out of
text: Hustedt's patrol car in the b-g.
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Please, Bob... please... come on
dialog: back... please...
speaker_heading: BOB'S . VOICE
dialog: (over radio) ,
dialog: Fuck you, baby, I'm on to you! I'm
dialog: on to your tricks, you Slope-eyed
dialog: cunt!
text: Lt. Johns takes radio from Sally, as Luke wheels up.
speaker_heading: LT. JOHNS
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Captain Hayne? Captain Hayne? This
dialog: is Lieutenant Johns.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 187
dialog: )
dialog: -
dialog: 188
dialog: 189
dialog: \
dialog: >
dialog: 190
dialog: >
dialog: 127.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (turning, sees Luke)
dialog: Oh, Luke, Jesus... he thinks he's
dialog: in combat...
scene_heading: EXT. GULLY ~ EVENING
text: Bob listens to Johns' voice:
speaker_heading: JOHNS' VOICE
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: We have you surrounded -- Do
dialog: you understand me?
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Delta Two Actual -- Delta Two
dialog: Actual -- this is North Tide --
dialog: This is North Tide. I need
text: artillery support. There is
dialog: heavy infiltration in my sector.
scene_heading: EXT. AREA ADJACENT TO STAND - EVENING
text: Lt. Johns turns to another officer as Bob's VOICE
scene_heading: CONTINUES.
speaker_heading: LT. JOHNS
dialog: He won't communicate...«
speaker_heading: BOB'S VOICE
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Give.me support -- I need cover.
dialog: Send it in... There is heavy
dialog: infiltration... I want artillery...
text: As Bob's VOICE CONTINUES, Lt. Johns reaches for another
dialog: radio.
speaker_heading: LT. JOHNS
dialog: (into second radio)
dialog: Walker, do you have a sightline?
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF GULLY - EVENING
text: WALKER, a police marksman, aims a rifle with a starlight
text: scope down the gully.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Negative -- subject is blocked by
dialog: hostages.
dialog: 191
dialog: 192
dialog: 193
dialog: 128.
scene_heading: EXT. AREA ADJACENT TO STAND - EVENING
text: Luke and Sally react to Walker's voice.
speaker_heading: LT. JOHNS
dialog: (into radio #2)
dialog: Maintain contact...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Let me try. Let me talk to him.
text: Johns looks dt Luke.
speaker_heading: LT. JOHNS
dialog: (a pause)
dialog: He's got four hostages, he's
dialog: heavily armed -- I don't want
dialog: this to get screwed up.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Neither do Tf. :
text: Johns hands the radio to Luke.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: North Tide -- North Tide -- This
dialog: is Delta Two Actual.
scene_heading: EXT. GULLY - EVENING
text: Bob listens to Luke's voice.
speaker_heading: LUKE'S VOICE
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: North Tide -- North Tide -- I've
dialog: sent a patrol to locate you.
text: Bob keeps his rifle on the prisoners, speaks into radio.
speaker_heading: : BOB
dialog: They've all fucking deserted me...
dialog: I'm out here alone, my men are gone.
dialog: Where the fuck's Mobley?
scene_heading: EXT. AREA ADJACENT TO STAND - EVENING
text: Johns, a few policemen and Sally watch as Luke talks...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: He's okay -~ took one in the arm ——
dialog: Went out on Medivac --
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 193
dialog: 194
dialog: 195
dialog: 196
dialog: 129.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: LUKE (CONT'D)
dialog: -~ the rest of your men are safe
dialog: -- we want to get you out of there...
speaker_heading: BOB'S VOICE
dialog: (over radio) .
dialog: But I got prisoners...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Bring them in -- HQ needs them for
dialog: interrogation -- don't harm them —
dialog: I need your coordinates. What's
dialog: your position?
scene_heading: EXT. GULLY :~- EVENING
text: Bob speaks into walkie-talkie...
speaker_heading: : BOB
dialog: Two, this is North Tide from Ford,
dialog: up two point three. Right, one
dialog: point six.
speaker_heading: LUKE'S VOICE
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: I make us out three-quarters of a
dialog: elick, up Blue Line from your stated
dialog: pos.
speaker_heading: ” BOB
dialog: Fuck you, Charlie!!! I've got no
dialog: map -- that was bullshit, you
dialog: slope fuck!!!
scene_heading: EXT. AREA ADJACENT TO STAND - NIGHT
text: Sally looks to Luke, reacts to Bob's voice.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (into radio)
dialog: Okey, man, you're right, no more --
dialog: C'mon, brother -- I know where
dialog: you're at --
scene_heading: EXT. GULLY - NIGHT
text: Bob prods the prisoners through the gully on their hands
text: and knees.
speaker_heading: LUKE'S VOICE
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: You're flashing back -- we want
dialog: to help, man...
dialog: 197
dialog: 198
dialog: 199
dialog: 200
dialog: 201
dialog: 202
dialog: 130.
scene_heading: EXT. EDGE OF GULLY - EVENING
text: Walker speaks into his radio.
speaker_heading: WALKER
dialog: Subject is under way. I have a
text: clear sightline.
scene_heading: EXT. GULLY - EVENING
text: Luke continues to plead with Bob over the walkie-talkie as
text: Bob pushes one of the prisoners.
speaker_heading: BOB
dialog: (to fireman)
dialog: Goddamit, movel!!
speaker_heading: : . FIREMAN
dialog: C'mon, man, we're not going to...
text: Bob puts the rifle barrel to the man's head.
speaker_heading: BOB :
dialog: One more word, motherfucker! One
dialog: more word and I'll teke your fucking
dialog: head off!! :
text: A SHOT is FIRED, one of the hostages is slemmed to the
text: ground, the others pulled down with him. Bob whirls, FIRES
text: @ BURST in the direction of the marksman, then takes off
text: down the gully.
dialog: We then see...
scene_heading: SALLY AND ‘LUKE
text: react -- Luke continues to talk into radio.
speaker_heading: LT. JOHNS
text: gives orders to men.
speaker_heading: BOB
text: running through brush.
speaker_heading: VARIOUS POLICE
dialog: move into position.
dialog: )
dialog: 203
dialog: 204
dialog: 205
dialog: . 131.
speaker_heading: MARKSMEN
text: FIRE at Bob.
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY ~ EVENING
text: Beyond the freeway, heavy with the evening rush hour. Bob
text: breaks through the underbrush, looks down at the traffic...
text: (Continue to HEAR Luke's pleading over RADIO).
speaker_heading: “ BOB
dialog: (into radio)
text: Giant enemy convoy headed south
dialog: on main supply route -- it's up
dialog: to me to stop ‘tem. Am alone --
dialog: repeat, am alone —- giant enemy
dialog: convoy headed south...
text: Then he jumps, rolling down the ivy-covered slope above the
text: freeway, to land on the pavement, crouching, turning his M16
text: on the blinding headlights of approaching traffic.
scene_heading: EXT. NAVAL CEMETERY - DAY
text: Bob is buried without pomp. Vi stends with Sally and
text: Amand2. Earl, Cathy, Brick and Dickle and several others
text: from Bob’s outfit stand together. Luke remains below on the
text: pavement. Father Corey delivers a simple prayer. No one
text: lingers after the burial. At a limousine, Amanda turns,
dialog: addressing no one in particular...
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I didn't plen anything formal. But
dialog: you're all more than welcome to
dialog: stop by the hotel for a drink, if
dialog: you like... Sally...
speaker_heading: SALLY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: I don't think so...
speaker_heading: AMANDA
dialog: I know...
text: Father Corey holds the door for Amanda, climbs into the
text: limousine after her. Dickie, Brick and the other Marines
text: face Sally and Vi with awkward self-consciousness.
speaker_heading: DICKIE
dialog: ~-» It was nice knowing you...
text: Tne others can't think of anything to say. They stand look-
text: ing at Bob's grave. Luke transfers into his Shelby. Selly
text: and Vi walk to her van.
dialog: 206
dialog: 132.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH HOUSE ALLEY ~ DAY
text: The van perks. Sally and Vi climb out, start toward the
text: stairs, then stop as they see Luke's ¢ar pull up outside.
text: Vi looks at Sally...
speaker_heading: VI
dialog: See you.
text: Vi discreetly disappears down the alley as Luke gets out of
dialog: his car.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Fuck this want to be alone shit...
text: Sally realizes that she is standing stiffly, almost defen-
text: sively, between Luke and the stairway into the house. She
text: smiles and steps aside. Luke meves to the steps, lowers
text: himself and starts to climb them on nis ass. Sally folds
text: the chetr and follows him as the CAMERA PULLS SLOWLY BACK
text: TO INCLUDES the beach, the surf, and the ocean.
scene_heading: - FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
