speaker_heading: CONCUSSION
dialog: by
dialog: Peter Landesman
text: BASED ON A TRUE STORY
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
dialog: 12
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 1.
text: OPEN ON EXTENDED TITLES, A CUT ASSEMBLY OF HOME MOVIE AND TV
speaker_heading: FOOTAGE:
dialog: 
dialog: 1) Rhinelander High, Wisconsin. 1970. Rockwellian Americana:
text: football cheerleaders, full stands in tribal green & white,
text: convoys of yellow buses. Then--
text: 2) A teenage MIKE WEBSTER playing for the Hodags. Biggest
text: thing on the field, an unstoppable machine. Now--
text: 3) Mike has broken his arm, holds up his cast, big smile,
dialog: proud warrior. Then--
text: 4) Mike is 22, wearing Pittsburgh Steelers practice uni,
text: first day in camp. Alone against the mountainous men, a
text: hazing. Infamous “nutcracker” drill - percussive hits like
text: car head-ons, gun-shots. Coaches screaming: “Who’s a man?!
dialog: Who’s tough?! Who’s gonna hit somebody! ?”
text: 5) Webster - now 27, thicker, less joyful - wins ABC Wide
dialog: World of Sports’ “Strongest Man in Football” contest. Then--
text: 6) Footage of the interior game. Steelers vs. Somebody.
dialog: Webster vs. The World. Men as big as walls, and when Webster
text: hits his, shovel-sized hands clap his ear-holes. Lightning
text: bolts through his body, face in paralytic shock, and now--
text: 7) Webster showers in post-game confetti winning his fourth
text: Super Bowl ring. Shoulder-presses the Vince Lombardi
text: championship trophy. His countenance primal. Now--
text: 8) Back to that hit: Webster’s helmet knocked off, left arm
text: briefly hangs numb. Somebody’s screaming, “That’s it! Now
dialog: that’s how you gotta hit him!” And now--
text: 9) A suddenly old-looking Webster roughing it through the
text: “nutcracker”. This time steamrolled by a new young Steelers’
text: bad-ass, bearded, mountain-sized. Then--
text: 10) The hit again. Webster getting up slow. Through his haze,
text: hears: “That’s it! Kill the head the body will die! KILL THE
text: HEAD THE BODY WILL DIE! Now run it again!” Now we find--
text: 11) Webster after a game, older, wandering off the field. Now-
speaker_heading: WEBSTER (OVER)
dialog: (intoning)
dialog: This Hall of Fame class of players
dialog: is a tremendous group. Tremendous
dialog: people. Not perfect people--
text: 12) Webster is 45 but looks 60. Delivering his Hall of Fame
dialog: speech in Canton, OH--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 13
dialog: 14
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 2.
speaker_heading: WEBSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Not people who are pretentious or
dialog: whatever. Real people. And that’s
dialog: what the game of football is about.
text: And more manic, rambling scree. The game he loved. The owners
dialog: and coaches. CUTS to crowd - family, players - embarrassed,
dialog: wanting this to end.
text: Then it does. Titles end. Music ends. We cut to black, and--
speaker_heading: MAN SINGING (PRE-LAP)
dialog: (Debarge’s ‘I like it’)
dialog: I've been thinkin'/'bout you for
dialog: quite a while/You're on my mind
dialog: everyday and every night/My every
dialog: thought is you, the things you
dialog: do/Seems so satisfying to me/I must
dialog: confess it, girl--
dialog: (voice big, melodic if not
dialog: great, continuing as we
dialog: come up to--)
scene_heading: EXT. PITTSBURGH - ESTABLISHING - DAYBREAK
dialog: 
text: The rust-belt wakes. Iron bridges like spokes of a wheel.
text: Wrecked fallow mills, reclaimed by nature. The massive brand-
text: new grounded UFO that is Heinz Field, where the Steelers
text: play. The converging three rivers aflame all the way to the
text: picket fence of Allegheny Mountains beyond.
scene_heading: TITLE: SEPTEMBER, 2002
speaker_heading: MAN SINGING (OVER)
dialog: Ooh...and I like it/You send chills
dialog: up my spine every time/I take a
dialog: look at you/Ooh...and I like it--
dialog: (now we go into--)
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BENNET’S CAR (MOVING) /PITTSBURGH
dialog: 
text: A blue Mercedes E320 sedan and find BENNET OMALU, 35,
text: shamelessly and sweetly singing.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I like the way you comb your
dialog: hair/And I like those stylish
dialog: clothes you wear/It's just the
dialog: little things you do/That show how
dialog: much you really care--
dialog: (singing his way through-)
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 3.
text: The Hill (ramshackle ghetto). Then Shadyside (leafy wealth).
dialog: Then the Strip (industrial hipsterville)--
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT’D)
dialog: Like when I'm all alone with you
dialog: You know exactly what to do--
text: Over a span of iron into a downtown of metal and glass--
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: Ooh... and I like it/You send
dialog: chills up my spine every time/I
dialog: take a look at you/Ooh... and I
dialog: like it/Ooh... and I like it--
dialog: (and--)
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEGHENY COUNTY CORONER - PITTSBURGH
dialog: 
text: Bennet pulls up beside his car’s silver twin. Same make and
text: model. In the shadow of a Victorian stone monolith chalked by
text: steel-mill soot. Itself in the shadow of a cloverleaf of
text: humming freeway. And Bennet gets out. And we see--
text: He’s incongruously - exquisitely - dressed. Tailored suit.
text: Crisp shirt. Expensive tie (Presidential knot). Down a ramp
text: into a gaping basement, receding down a dark tunnel, we--
scene_heading: HEAR - IN PRE-LAP - PEOPLE SINGING (badly) “HAPPY BIRTHDAY,
dialog: Happy birthday to you--"
scene_heading: INT. ALLEGHENY COUNTY CORONER - PITTSBURGH - MORNING
dialog: 
text: Four TECHNICIANS celebrating a heavyset man's 50th. Cupcake
text: scrawled, “Happy Birthday Joe!" Balloon bouquet, a candle.
text: The break room. With a window letting out on the slabs. Where
text: a shitbox TV plays Wheel of Fortune.
text: We’re in the POV of someone watching. The figure coming into
dialog: focus in f.g., quarantined, isolated--
text: It’s Bennet. Standing - in scrubs now. Watching the others’
text: lips moving, laughing. Now grabbing portable CD player, and
dialog: back to--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (pausing at the party)
dialog: Gracie, may we begin, please?
dialog: (and turns into--)
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 17
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 4.
scene_heading: INT. AUTOPSY CHAMBER - MORNING
text: Soaring tiled chapel-like chamber, floors sloped toward
text: drains. Three steel slabs with fresh corpses in various
text: states of disrepair, four more in bags against the walls.
text: While in the b.g., DR. CYRIL WECHT, 60’s, in scrubs, steps
text: back from a slab to let a TECH finish up. Bennet and Wecht
text: meet in the middle of the room--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Good morning, Cyril--
text: As Wecht pats Bennet on the shoulder, moves to table to fill
text: out forms. Bennet checks the clipboard--
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: (checking the clipboard)
dialog: Rachel Green first, please.
dialog: GRACIE - early 20's, blue ribbon (matching her uniform)
text: twisted through her hair - goes to what was a pretty WOMAN,
text: like her, early 20’s. Still dressed for last night’s party.
speaker_heading: GRACIE
dialog: Full or partial, Dr. Omalu?
text: Bennet reviewing the girl’s file. Police report. Holding up
text: her driver's license. Roots around in her purse.
text: In b.g., prepping his own table, is DANIEL SULLIVAN, 50.
text: Chief Pathology Supervisor. Bald, dark pouches under his
text: eyes. Steelers stuff under lab gear. Countenance of an ill-
dialog: humored butcher.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: Open-shut O.D.-suicide. Full room
dialog: today. We need to cycle them
dialog: through.
text: Bennet, moving slow, ignoring him, over the girl’s face, as
dialog: if listening.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I need your help, Rachel. We’re in
dialog: this together. Tell me what
dialog: happened to you.
text: And a hand on the body’s forehead, another over the heart. He
text: opens her eyes. Stares into them. Connection.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: Oh here we go.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 4a.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: Danny, c’mon. Let him do this
dialog: thing. I hired him for a reason.
dialog: (to Bennet)
dialog: I need to talk to you. Come see me
dialog: in my office when you’re done--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Full autopsy. We’ll need the tissue
text: dissection station.
text: Sullivan stops. Glares from his table. As a TRAINEE TECH, 25,
text: rolls a trolley over.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 5.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s not mine--
text: Gracie fetches a different trolley. Brand new knives still in
text: plastic. Scalpels. The instruments longer, more delicate.
speaker_heading: GRACIE
dialog: (sidebars the trainee)
dialog: Dr. Omalu uses different stuff. He
dialog: makes less of a mess--
text: As Bennet sets the volume on his CD player--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Let’s undress her, please.
text: And feels the fabric of her shirt. The quality. The pattern.
speaker_heading: TECH #1
dialog: (measuring head to heel)
dialog: Sixty-six-and-a-three-eighths.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Let’s please wash the body.
text: And as the Trainee reaches for a Brillo pad, Gracie hands
text: Bennet a sponge. And he starts carefully swabbing the body
text: himself. Pats it dry. Lovingly. As if dabbing a baby.
speaker_heading: GRACIE
dialog: (to the trainee)
dialog: He likes to do it himself.
dialog: (as--)
text: Bennet puts on head phones. Through his ears, and ours, come
text: the opening strains to Teddy Pendergrass’ “Love TKO”.
scene_heading: TEDDY PENDERGRASS (OVER) BENNET
dialog: Lookin' back over my years/I Bone saw, please--
dialog: guessed, I've shedded some
dialog: tears/ Told myself time and
dialog: time again/ This time I'm
dialog: gonna win--
text: JUMP TO: Bennet hands Gracie an organ. We’re FRAMING high on
dialog: him, shoulders, elbows. We know but don’t need to see--
speaker_heading: TEDDY PENDERGRASS (OVER) GRACIE
dialog: Think I'd better let it Liver nine-hundred fifty-two
dialog: go/Looks like another love grams.
dialog: T.K.0.--
text: JUMP TO: he hands her another.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 6.
scene_heading: TEDDY PENDERGRASS (OVER) BENNET
text: Takin' the bumps and the Small tissue container.
dialog: bruises/Of all the things of Freeze me a liver sample,
dialog: a two-time loser-- please, Gracie.
text: And lifts for the bone saw.
text: JUMP TO: Bennet reaches toward the head. Cradles an orb off
text: to Gracie as if a fresh loaf of bread.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: (Gracie takes dictation--)
dialog: Possible causal relationship
dialog: between early head trauma and self-
dialog: medication leading to narcotics
dialog: abuse and overdose--
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: (from across room)
dialog: You're not her shrink, Bennet--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: If I know how she lived, I’11 know
dialog: why she died.
text: ANGLE on a window letting out on the chamber. Wecht standing
text: there watching, shirt and tie, cinching the knot, turning for
dialog: the stairs, as--
speaker_heading: TEDDY PENDERGRASS (OVER)
dialog: Just tryin' to hold on, faith is
dialog: gone/It's just another sad song--
text: JUMP TO: Gracie’s smock splashed with fluids and blood. (So
text: is everyone else’s). Bennet’s pristine. Until some small
dialog: fleck spray lands, and--
text: He immediately slips off his plastic smock. Gracie - knows
text: him - slips a fresh one on.
speaker_heading: TEDDY PENDERGRASS (OVER) (CONT'D)
dialog: Takin' the bumps and the bruises/Of
dialog: all the things of a two-time
dialog: loser/See I try to hold on, my
dialog: faith--
text: Now silence. Body reassembled. Bennet’s fingers resting on
text: the girl’s hand. Feeling for spiritual pulse. On Bennet’s
text: face, peace. As Gracie zips up the body bag. And Sullivan
dialog: glares--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Careful, Daniel. One day I might be
dialog: rushing through your autopsy.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 18
dialog: 19
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 7.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: (and throwing the used
dialog: knife into ‘hazardous
dialog: waste’--)
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: INT. WECHT’S OFFICE - ALLEGHENY COUNTY CORONER - DAY
text: Sits across from CYRIL WECHT, Chief Medical Examiner. 60's,
dialog: celebrity pathologist: array of pictures with Elvis’ body;
text: JonBenet Ramsey's files; at the JFK assassination hearings.
text: Both in suit and tie. Wecht’s eating a bagel. Pulls a bottle
text: of Johnny Walker from his drawer and pours a couple.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: You know the reason you’re not back
dialog: in Nigeria?
speaker_heading: BENNET WECHT (CONT'D)
dialog: I remind you of you. Only less handsome.
text: Wecht motions to Bennet’s collar. Something there. Bennet
text: brushes it off. And we realize: they are in identical suits.
text: Except - Wecht points - to Bennet’s chest pocket--
speaker_heading: WECHT (CONT’D)
dialog: I don’t have any. What the hell are
dialog: they for, anyway? Just fill up with
dialog: schmutz-—
dialog: (nods at autopsy chamber)
dialog: What the hell’s going on in there?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I’m doing my work. I’m fine.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: You're not fine. Danny hates your
dialog: guts. I’ve never seen anything like
dialog: it.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You take too much time, Bennet.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: The dead are my patients. I treat
dialog: them with respect.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: Treat them however you want, but do
dialog: you have to talk to them? Maybe
dialog: just talk to them in your head
dialog: while you’re - you know - working--
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 8.
speaker_heading: WECHT (CONT'D)
dialog: (Bennet’s giving nothing)
dialog: And we talked about the knives.
dialog: You're still throwing them away.
dialog: They're expensive. This is
dialog: Pittsburgh. We’re a public agency.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Would you want me to cut open your
dialog: mother with the knife I used on a
dialog: serial killer?
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: Don’t tempt me. I’d probably
dialog: request it.
text: Wecht sighs. Bennet’s not wrong. But still--
speaker_heading: WECHT (CONT’D)
dialog: Danny may look like a butcher,
dialog: smokes three packs a day, but he’s
dialog: one of life’s unpleasant
dialog: necessities. You’ll probably do his
dialog: goddamn autopsy soon--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: That’s what I told him.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: I know you did. He told me. Why are
dialog: you antagonizing him?
dialog: (and looks at him)
dialog: You need a girlfriend. You have to
dialog: touch someone alive once in a
dialog: while. Living women are a pain in
dialog: the ass. But occasionally they’re
dialog: amazing.
dialog: (--)
dialog: So maybe just a little less of an
dialog: artist? Be yourself, just play the
dialog: game a little, okay?
text: (as he slides across a
dialog: thick file--)
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (can’t do it--)
dialog: I have exams next week.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: Death row case. The guy’s being
dialog: railroaded. A thousand dollars for
dialog: you.
text: Bennet looks at him.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 9.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: How do you become a professional
dialog: expert witness?
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: It’s not a profession, it’s a
dialog: hobby. You and I have jobs, right?
dialog: So instead of watching baseball -
dialog: or playing bridge with my wife - I
dialog: do this. Besides, by the time your
dialog: balls are hanging as low as mine,
dialog: you better be expert in something.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: You're the best, Cyril.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: Well, if you don’t piss everyone
dialog: off, you’re going to be better.
text: And Bennet leans into crime scene photos, police and
text: forensics reports. Young woman ripped and bloodied.
scene_heading: INT. BENNET’S OFFICE - COUNTY CORONER - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Bennet in his shitbox storage closet re-fitted as an office.
dialog: (We clock the high-school quality microscope he’s been given.
text: The crappy ancient computer. All his framed degrees stacked
dialog: on the floor; no room to hang even one)
text: He roots in his pocket for a small rusty crucifix, sets it on
text: his desk, and settles in amidst boxes of files. Crime scene
text: photos. Bearing down into the paper with his machine-like
dialog: focus.
text: Then stops. Closes the file. Gets up, reaching for his coat--
dialog: Now, OVER this, in PRE-LAP, we start to HEAR the infinity
dialog: thud of contempo-dance, and we cut to--
scene_heading: INT. STATIC (DANCE CLUB) - PITTSBURGH, PA - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: 8,000 sq. ft. of throbbing university jocks, yuppies, model
text: wannabes. Celo lights strobing to Kylie Minogue.
text: CAMERA FINDS BENNET flush to a speaker, gripping a Heineken.
text: Fastidiously dressed even here, pressed jeans, buttoned polo.
text: Good with rhythm, willing the bass and music to wash through.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 22
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 10.
text: But a man apart in every way: he’s black, but no one else
text: here is. Doesn’t notice, doesn’t care. Just grooves solo to
text: the mathematics of the music. His eyes close, and--
text: We MUTE and go in there. His head. Where there’s nothing but
text: limbic throb. And disconnect. And so peace. His face placid.
text: Happy. HOLD a long beat, then--
speaker_heading: IT’S 3AM
text: And we've gone ravey electronica. Bennet’s moves liquid. More
text: of that peace. HOLD on him in his solo bliss, then cut to--
scene_heading: INT. BENNET’S CONDO - NIGHT/PRE-DAWN
dialog: 
text: EYES FOCUSED like cameras on the crime scene photos from the
text: death row case. Spread across a kitchen table.
text: BACK TO REVEAL Bennet, there, still in club clothes. The
text: notes he takes calligraphy-neat.
text: Bachelor pad sparse. Microscope on the table. Forest of text
text: books. Squared and aligned, like his--
text: Closet. Shirts and suits precision-hangered by color. A row
text: of ties pre-knotted. Shoes lined up like soldiers. Now--
text: Back to Bennet. At his computer. Which we see has a Pope John
text: Paul II screen-saver. Pope’s watching him. Watching over--
text: Bennet’s searing focus. And then--
text: And Bennet is finally asleep atop his bed. Then--
scene_heading: INT. RECEPTION - LAW FIRM - DAY
text: Pale marble. White leather appointments. A sprawling view of
dialog: Pittsburgh. The antisepsis of influence and success.
text: WE FIND BENNET alone amidst the furniture. Briefcase on his
dialog: lap.
text: JUMP TO SAME AN HOUR LATER. Bennet hasn’t moved. One of the
text: PARTNERS - MR. CROCKETT - sticks his head in.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 11.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (ignores Bennet)
dialog: You sure Dr. Bennet hasn’t come
dialog: through? He was supposed to be here
dialog: an hour ago.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I am Dr. Bennet Omalu.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Doctor Bennet? Omalu?
dialog: (Bennet stands, and--)
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: I’m so sorry, Mr. Crockett. I
dialog: thought he was here for the clerk
dialog: job.
scene_heading: 25 INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - LAW FIRM - DAY
dialog: 
text: Partner leads Bennet to a conference room. Huge table covered
text: in files and laptops. A half-dozen ATTORNEYS huddle waiting.
speaker_heading: SCARBOROUGH
dialog: (looking up, confused)
dialog: Where’s Cyril?
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: This is Dr. Bennet Omalu.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I work for Dr. Wecht.
dialog: (after a pause, you gotta
dialog: be kidding me--)
speaker_heading: SCARBOROUGH
dialog: Our guy’s gonna be put to death in
dialog: thirty days, and we were supposed
dialog: to get the Hail Mary expert
dialog: witness, and Cyril sends us this?
dialog: No offense.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (a smile, none taken)
dialog: Your client didn’t do it.
speaker_heading: SCARBOROUGH
dialog: We know that.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: You may know. But I can prove it.
dialog: (and we cut, and--)
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 26
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 12.
scene_heading: EXT. INDUSTRIAL RIVER BANK - DAY
text: WIDE of a weed-strewn empty lot. A king-cab Chevy pick-up in
text: the lee of abandoned construction. Side windows blown,
text: replaced with garbage bags.
text: As a Harley bike ENTERS FRAME crossing to the pick-up, cut to-
scene_heading: A_REAR-VIEW MIRROR.
text: In them, eyes, slightly mad, trying to recognize their own
text: reflection. They fill the screen, then we WIDEN TO--
scene_heading: INT. CHEVY PICK-UP TRUCK - DAY
text: MIKE WEBSTER, 50 but looks 70. Unwashed. Hair stringy.
text: Granular thickness everywhere, forehead barnacled with scars.
text: Fingers mangled in a permanent curl, as if gripping a ball.
text: Surrounded by soiled clothes and Ding-Dong wrappers. Crucifix
text: dangles from the mirror.
text: Piles of lined yellow paper. Covered edge to edge in scrawl.
text: An equally massive MAN dismounts the bike: 6'8”, 320 lbs:
scene_heading: JUSTIN STRZELCZYK (Strel-zik), 36. Heavy-bearded, plaid
text: shirt, overalls. A giant hippie.
speaker_heading: STRZELCZYK
dialog: Webby, hey man, love your digs!
dialog: (no response)
dialog: Webby, it’s Jugger!
dialog: (then)
dialog: Mike. It’s Justin.
dialog: (Webster turning his big
dialog: head, no recognition)
dialog: I'll just sit with you a minute?
text: And slips behind the wheel. Smells like ass. On the passenger
text: seat: container of ammonia; super-glue.
speaker_heading: WEBSTER
dialog: (awakening to where he is)
dialog: Where is this?
speaker_heading: STRZELCZYK
text: This is Ohio. Off some freeway.
speaker_heading: WEBSTER
dialog: Ohio’s got the best truck stops.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 13.
speaker_heading: STRZELCZYK
dialog: But this ain’t even that. This is --
dialog: I don’t know what this is.
text: Strzelczyk picks at the yellow paper. Starts to read. Then.
text: Reaches for Webster’s knee.
speaker_heading: STRZELCZYK (CONT’D)
dialog: My brother. Been looking for you.
dialog: Pam said I might find you here.
dialog: (which taps Webster into
dialog: momentary focus)
speaker_heading: WEBSTER
dialog: Juggers.
speaker_heading: STRZELCZYK
dialog: We’re all worried about you.
text: And takes a wad of toilet tissue dipped in ammonia, puts it
text: to his face. Eyes flare -- “Don’t do that” -- “Keeps me
dialog: awake! Don’t want to fall asleep!” -- Strzelczyk grabs for
text: the wad -- “What the -- Mike!” -- two tree-trunk arms shovel-
text: hands slap at it--
speaker_heading: WEBSTER
dialog: Don’t wanna fall asleep don’t wanna
dialog: fall asleep can’t fall asleep--
text: A glimpse of the mess of Webster’s mouth: teeth glued back
text: in, gums bloody.
speaker_heading: STRZELCZYK
dialog: You gotta let me take you back.
dialog: (Webster can’t remember)
dialog: You called an audible, Mike. You
dialog: took off.
dialog: (pause; then)
dialog: I heard you sold your Super Bowl
dialog: rings. Your rings, man.
text: Webster non-responsive. Then gets out of the truck. Agitated.
text: Can’t get the words out. Strzelczyk gets out his side, comes
dialog: around. Right up into Webster--
speaker_heading: STRZELCZYK (CONT’D)
dialog: Pam is your wife. Garrett, your boy-
speaker_heading: WEBSTER
dialog: (announcer voice)
dialog: --was so ugly when he was born his
dialog: momma carried him around upside
dialog: down for a week, thought he only
dialog: had one eye!
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 14.
text: Laugh line. But no one laughs.
speaker_heading: STRZELCZYK
dialog: (squeezes Webster’s hands)
dialog: Mike. My knees are shot. I retired.
dialog: I’m done. I just wanted you to
dialog: know.
dialog: (then; afraid)
dialog: What happens when Mike Webster
dialog: falls asleep?
speaker_heading: WEBSTER
dialog: He remembers.
speaker_heading: STRZELCZYK
dialog: I’m starting to forget things,
dialog: Webby. I’m hearing myself say this
dialog: stupid crap to my kids. I almost
dialog: pushed Keana into a wall, man. I
dialog: never touched a girl like that.
text: Webster looks at him. Then getting back into the truck--
speaker_heading: WEBSTER
dialog: Don’t give up, son!
dialog: (Strzelczyk leaves a roll
dialog: of hundreds, walks)
dialog: Finish the game and we'll all be
dialog: winners!
dialog: (Strzelczyk gets on his
dialog: bike and--)
scene_heading: A28 EXT. STRZELCZYK HOME - PITTSBURGH SUBURBS - DUSK
dialog: 
text: Big rangy house of a pro athlete. Strzelczyk playing guitar
text: on his porch, some mournful melody. Soft voice incongruous
text: with his giantness. Flanked by his SON, 9, DAUGHTER, 6.
text: Car pulls up. Wife, KEANA -- 30, thin, angular face, the
text: opposite of Strzelczyk -- crosses to him with groceries.
scene_heading: KEANA STRZELCZYK
dialog: He really sell his rings?
dialog: (he stops playing--)
speaker_heading: STRZELCZYK
dialog: That wasn’t Webby. Webby’s gone. I
dialog: don’t know who that was.
dialog: (and back to--)
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 29
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 15.
scene_heading: INT. CHEVY PICK-UP TRUCK - DAY
text: The plastic bags taped to the windows breathing in and out
text: like a bellows.
text: Webster failing at sleep. Stretches across the trash. Then
text: fetal. Now sits up. Everything hurts. The mosquitoes rage.
text: Can't find stillness. He grips his head. Searing hot pain.
text: He reaches for a Taser. Charges it. The prongs jack up. A
text: loud crack, like a gunshot. Primed and ready.
text: He’s sweaty. Desperate for sleep now. Pushes down his pants.
text: Thigh flesh already burnt. Charred in places.
text: Brings the Taser to his own meat -- doesn’t even flinch --
text: triggers -- CRACK! -- blue flash. And Webster's bulk is rag-
text: dolled onto the floor of the truck, and we cut to black--
scene_heading: OVER BLACK, in PRE-LAP -- RAP RAP RAP -- the crack of metal
dialog: on window glass, then--
scene_heading: INT./EXT. CHEVY PICK-UP/PARKING LOT - HOSPITAL - MORNING
dialog: 
text: Webster - hideously unclean, mouth a cesspool - wakes in an
text: entirely different location. Forehead-down into the steering
text: wheel. Security Guard, 60, knocking at his window. He opens--
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Mike Webster, right? Iron Mike?
text: Webster isn’t entirely sure. Of that, or how he got here.
text: Looks up to see he’s parked in front of medical offices.
text: The guard thrusts his electric bill at him.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD (CONT’D)
dialog: Can you sign this? My wife’s gonna.
dialog: Freak. Out.
text: Some part of Webster remembers what to do. He scribbles
dialog: something. Then--
scene_heading: INT. OPERATING ROOM - DAY
text: TIGHT ON A SURGEON peering through magnifiers into the
text: sheeted window into an open skull. Fingers probe, snip,
text: suture with the precision of a watch repair. The brain a
text: living breathing seeping organism. Now surgeon’s done. And
text: slips down his mask, and we've met DR. JULIAN BAILES, 46.
text: A NURSE - “Dr. Bailes” - whispers in his ear, and--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 32
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 16.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE OF CHAIRMAN, DEPT OF NEUROSURGERY - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 
text: Bailes - still in scrubs - following his ASSISTANT to his
text: door. Louisiana Methodist. Wrapped tight. Big gold watch.
text: Steelers Superbowl ring on his hand.
text: Office draped in family, God and football: bible; framed
text: photos of southern-belle WIFE, five KIDS; Bailes as college
text: linebacker; shelf full of helmets: Steelers, Cardinals.
text: Everything else is Steelers: framed photo of LYNN SWANN mid-
text: air. Others of Bailes on game-time sidelines. With the
text: Lombardi Trophy. Under the same post-game confetti as
dialog: Webster.
text: To find Webster pacing in his manic shambles--
speaker_heading: WEBSTER
dialog: What do I do I am freakin
dialog: overwhelmed--
speaker_heading: BAILES WEBSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: We're going to get you some Ritalin.
dialog: help. What are you taking?
speaker_heading: BAILES WEBSTER (CONT'D)
dialog: What about Dexedrine? The Superglue.
dialog: Prozac? Klonopin? Still
dialog: taking all that?
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: Call Pam. Tell her we found him.
dialog: Tell her he’s worse.
speaker_heading: WEBSTER BAILES (CONT'D)
dialog: You -- you were my doctor-- Team doctor, Mike. I was
dialog: everybody’s doctor.
text: Webster punching the side of his head. Bangs his fists
text: against his prodigious chest.
speaker_heading: WEBSTER
dialog: Fix it! In here! In here! I’m dying
dialog: in here!
text: Bailes’ Assistant is in with a loaded syringe -- “Haldol 50
text: cc’s” -- Webster sweaty -- waving his arms. Bailes injects.
text: As the giant body pours into a chair--
speaker_heading: BAILES ASSISTANT
dialog: What am I missing? Tumor?
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 33
speaker_heading: CHERRY
speaker_heading: INT
scene_heading: PAGES 1.21.15 17.
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: His scans are normal--
text: (and as he stares at
dialog: Webster, stumped--)
scene_heading: - COURT ROOM - PITTSBURGH - DAY
dialog: The
text: gallery standing room only. The accused, THOMAS KIMBLE
text: 40, hulkish in his orange jumpsuit.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: (to the court)
dialog: The state has asked, after a
dialog: lengthy trial, a death sentence,
dialog: and two appeals, why would we learn
dialog: something new about this case from
dialog: you?
dialog: (then)
dialog: Dr. Omalu. Do you have a medical
dialog: degree?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Yes. From the University of
dialog: Nigeria, in Enugu, Nigeria.
dialog: (and then)
dialog: I did my residency at the Columbia
dialog: University Medical School in New
dialog: York. I have masters degrees in
dialog: Public Health and Epidemiology. In
dialog: addition, I am a certified
dialog: physician executive, and a
dialog: specialist in Emergency medicine.
dialog: And I am of course board certified
dialog: in Forensic Pathology, Clinical
dialog: Pathology and Anatomic Pathology.
dialog: My specialty is Neuro-pathology,
dialog: the examination of the brain--
text: Crockett about to move in--
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT’D)
dialog: So sorry--
dialog: (not done)
dialog: And I am completing my MBA at
dialog: Carnegie Mellon University.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: While working as a Medical Examiner
dialog: at the Allegheny County Coroner?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (and)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 18.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: And, oh yes, before I arrived in
dialog: America, a masters in Theory of
dialog: Music from the Royal School of
dialog: Music in London.
dialog: (big easy smile incongruous
dialog: to where he sits, then)
dialog: To answer your question, my
dialog: specialty is the science of death.
dialog: I think more about why people die
dialog: than I do about the way people
dialog: live.
dialog: (room quiet, awestruck)
dialog: I very carefully re-studied the
dialog: interviews with the defendant, Mr.
dialog: Kimble. And of course the autopsy
dialog: reports on the victim, who was
dialog: killed quite brutally with bare
dialog: hands.
text: Reaches for a stack of blown-up photos. Top photo: hands
text: shredded, bone-crushed. Grey with death.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT’D)
text: Hands of the deceased. Broken
text: nails. Blood under the nails. Bite
text: marks. Contusions. The hands of a
dialog: woman who fought wildly for her
dialog: life - and lost.
text: Now a set of male hands. Splashed in blood.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Are these hands not Mr. Kimble’s?
speaker_heading: BENNET
text: They are indeed Mr. Kimble’s.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: Doesn't that suggest that the state
dialog: has the right man?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I thought so. Until I heard hour
dialog: two-hundred seventeen of Mr.
dialog: Kimble’s police interview. He was
text: speaking quietly, and off-mic, but
dialog: I clearly heard him say-
dialog: (reads from notes)
dialog: “I don’t like blood. When I was a
dialog: kid I had a tooth pulled and I
dialog: wouldn't stop bleeding. My parents
dialog: wouldn’t let me play outside
dialog: somtimes--"
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 19.
text: And we REVERSE on the Prosecutor. On the cusp of realization--
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: I saw no reference to this in any
dialog: trial transcript. I got curious.
speaker_heading: CROCKETT
dialog: What about?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Hands.
text: Bennet holds up the victim’s hands alongside Kimble’s hands.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT’D)
text: Mr. Kimble’s hands had the victim’s
text: blood on them. But no bruising, or
text: bites, or scratches.
dialog: I started to wonder if these two
dialog: pairs of hands could have been in
dialog: the same fight.
dialog: (--)
dialog: So my mind went somewhere new.
dialog: If Mr. Kimble’s family had a
dialog: history of hemophilia. His father
dialog: said no, and medical records
dialog: support that. But there is a strain
dialog: of hemophilia -- hemophilia A --
dialog: that is not hereditary, and almost
dialog: unheard of, so never tested for. I
dialog: couldn’t think of any other
dialog: explanation. I ordered the test.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Mr. Kimble tested positive for
dialog: hemophilia A.
text: Prosecutor again. The humiliation upon him.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT’D)
dialog: If his hands were the murder
dialog: weapon, he would have bled
text: profusely for a long period of
dialog: time. He might have even bled to
dialog: death.
dialog: (and now)
text: Mr. Kimble’s hands may have touched
text: the victim, to aid her, as he
dialog: claims, but there is no scenario in
dialog: which they killed her.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 20.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: There is no question in my mind
dialog: that if the state of Pennsylvania
dialog: executes Thomas Kimble, it will
dialog: kill an innocent man.
scene_heading: 34 INT. BENNET’S CONDO - NIGHT
text: Bennet on the phone. After a long pause--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Did you hear what I told you?
dialog: (a silence, then-)
speaker_heading: BENNET’S FATHER/PHONE (OVER)
dialog: (simply)
dialog: Have you finished your schooling?
text: Heavy Nigerian. Weary, perhaps with the time difference.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I will have the MBA completed soon.
speaker_heading: BENNET’S FATHER/PHONE (OVER)
dialog: And what are you going to do with
dialog: all your degrees?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Collect knowledge. I need
dialog: knowledge. To run my clinic.
speaker_heading: BENNET’S FATHER/PHONE (OVER)
dialog: Your clinic again (?)
dialog: (tired of this already)
dialog: A clinic requires a physician.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I am a physician, papa.
scene_heading: BENNET’S FATHER/PHONE
dialog: You bury the dead.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I help families understand why
dialog: people die. I help the living and
dialog: the dead.
dialog: (a long silence)
dialog: I am very good at what I do, Papa.
dialog: There is an art to what I do.
dialog: (even to himself he sounds
dialog: plaintive, and hates it)
text: And now a long pause. Bennet can hear his father’s breathing.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 35
dialog: 36
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 21.
speaker_heading: BENNET’S FATHER/PHONE (OVER)
dialog: It is time to leave the classroom,
dialog: leave the books. Join the world of
text: the living. With a wife, children.
dialog: Bennet Onyemalukwube Omalu: it is
dialog: time to grow up and do something--
dialog: (and the SOUND of a phone
dialog: being banged down--)
text: And our eyes follow Bennet’s to the wall. Where portraits of
text: his parents hang. His father imposing; a chieftain’s kaftan.
text: His mother wrapped in loud blazing colors.
text: Bennet carefully folds a clipping from the Pittsburgh Post-
text: Gazette: “Saved From Execution”, and a photo of himself.
text: Slips it into an envelope: “Chief John Donatus Omalu, 90
text: Secondary School Road, Enugwu-Ukwu, Nigeria”. Seals it.
speaker_heading: MR. SCOTT (PRE-LAP)
dialog: --and you have dominion over all.
dialog: In your hand are power and might--
scene_heading: EXT. ST. BENEDICT’S - PITTSBURGH - DAY - ESTABLISHING
dialog: 
text: Sturdy brick cathedral. Massive crucified black saint
text: broadcasting from the belltower.
speaker_heading: MR. SCOTT (PRE-LAP)
dialog: --it is yours to give greatness and
dialog: strength to all--
scene_heading: INT. ST. BENEDICT’S - PITTSBURGH - DAY
dialog: 
text: Saturday Mass. Black and immigrant congregation of 200. One
text: by one standing in pews, offering prayers of gratitude.
speaker_heading: MR. SCOTT
dialog: --Our God, we give you thanks and
dialog: we praise the majesty of your name.
speaker_heading: FEMALE CONGREGANT
dialog: I thank you, Lord, with all my
dialog: heart; in the presence of the
dialog: angels to you I sing. I praise your
dialog: name for your mercy and
dialog: faithfulness--
text: Bennet STOPS. Turns toward that clarion female voice. African
text: lilt. Beautiful girl. Delicate profile. Bennet stares, then--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 37
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 22.
text: His turn. He doesn’t speak his prayer, he sings it in that
text: big melodic heartbreaking voice--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: On the day I cried out, you
dialog: answered; you strengthened my
dialog: spirit. All the kings of earth will
dialog: praise you, Lord, when they hear
dialog: the words of your mouth. Though I
dialog: walk in the midst of dangers, you
dialog: guard my life when my enemies rage.
text: (as the congregation claps,
dialog: feeding off his energy--)
scene_heading: EXT. ST. BENEDICT’S - PITTSBURGH - DAY
dialog: 
text: Services letting out. CONGREGANTS approach Bennet, shake his
text: hand, want to be near. PASTOR and CHURCH SECRETARY hunting
dialog: for--
speaker_heading: FATHER D’AMICO
dialog: Bennet! A moment?
text: We notice - but Bennet wouldn’t - two Steelers lapel pins on
dialog: his frock: “10 - Stewart” & “92 - Harrison”.
speaker_heading: MRS. SCOTT
dialog: We have a new member, a young lady
dialog: from Kenya. She came to us a few
dialog: weeks ago. She needs our help.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Of course. How much do you need?
speaker_heading: FATHER D’AMICO
dialog: She needs shelter, Bennet, until we
dialog: find her something permanent.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Father. I’m studying, I work long
dialog: hours. My books are everywhere--
speaker_heading: MRS. SCOTT
dialog: What about that studio you sub-let?
dialog: Isn’t that open now--?
text: Points out the girl with the clarion voice. PREMA MUTISO, 24.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Who is she?
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
speaker_heading: A37
dialog: 38
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 23.
speaker_heading: FATHER D’AMICO
dialog: She's a nice girl, from Nairobi,
dialog: went to a British school. And she
dialog: wants to work. We’re letting her
text: tidy up around the church.
dialog: (Bennet silent, so--)
dialog: We're asking you, because we know
dialog: she'll be safe and cared for. I
dialog: feel God in you, Bennet--
speaker_heading: MRS. SCOTT
dialog: You know how this congregation
dialog: looks up to you.
dialog: (as Bennet takes her in--)
dialog: Lovely, isn’t she?
dialog: (yes she is, and we find
dialog: them--)
scene_heading: EXT. ST. BENEDICT’S/EXT. BENNET’S CONDO
dialog: 
text: Walking from the church to Bennet’s - separated by a parking
text: lot. A strip of generic faux-Americana row-houses. Bennet,
text: striding fast, slightly in front--
scene_heading: INT. BENNET’S CONDO - DAY
text: Bennet shows Prema in. All she has in that small bag. They
text: stand together in his little kitchen.
text: Her nearness like an electrical pulse. He is awkward. She is
text: less so. Her first act is to unpack her bible. We take her
text: in: no makeup, she is simple, clear, gorgeous.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: What kind of music do you like?
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: How are you for money?
dialog: (no reply)
dialog: Need is not weak. Need is need. I
dialog: know where you are--
dialog: (and hands her some money -
dialog: which she at first
dialog: refuses)
dialog: For anything you might need.
dialog: Clothes.
text: (she gives him a look)
dialog: You are here now. You have to be a
dialog: better version of yourself.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 23A.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: If you don’t know what that is,
dialog: pick something and fake it.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 39
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 24.
text: She takes the money. He shows her to an autonomous efficiency
text: within, “Usually sublet this out--”. shows her a door. Hands
dialog: her a key--
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: There’s a lock on your door. No one
dialog: can get in. You have your own
dialog: bathroom--
dialog: (and hands her a key)
text: She’s not moving. She’s looking at his crisp suit, shoes.
text: With a look of bemusement.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: What did you pick - to fake?
speaker_heading: BENNET
text: An older bald white man.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: (bemused--)
dialog: Why an older bald white man?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (and gets the joke. But
dialog: still-)
dialog: He is the best at what he does. He
dialog: is brilliant at what he does. That
dialog: is why.
text: (she’s turns, starts to go,
dialog: stops, then--)
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: I was a registered nurse. At the
dialog: Aga Khan Hospital, in Nairobi.
dialog: (now Prema takes the keys
dialog: and leaves, and--)
scene_heading: INT. FURNACE/INDUSTRIAL RUINS - DAY
dialog: 
text: Webster barefoot, shirtless, awash in sweat.
text: Manic pull-ups off the piping of a fallowed iron blaster.
text: Aircraft-carrier size mountain of steel. His biceps and
text: shoulders jacked.
text: Now cradling a cracked pipe. Lifting and snatching it
text: overhead, ropy muscles taught, palms it chest level. Clean-
dialog: and-jerk.
text: Then crashes the log down. And stares. Paralytic. And now--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
dialog: 42
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 25.
scene_heading: INT. CHEVY PICK-UP TRUCK - LATER
text: Webster sweating in a haze of pain. Piles of notes to self
dialog: have grown. Enough of whatever this is and reaches for the
text: Taser. Pants already off. Eyeing the crucifix dangling--
text: The heads charge -- CRACK! -- he cooks his thigh. Blasted
text: against the window. Rag-dolls to the floor. Spasming.
text: Then all slows. All of him. Every molecule of him exhales.
text: And we cut to black. And hear a light switch click on, and
dialog: we’re-
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: INT. BENNET’S CONDO - SAME
text: Bennet finds Prema in his kitchen, “Oh, you’re in here”, and
text: a decluttered home. Chaos of books systemized by subject.
text: He moves around her awkwardly. She more comfortable than he.
text: Breakfast awaits. Local fare from “back there”. Chapati.
dialog: Ugali. He stops. Because--
text: The microscope has been moved. From table to counter.
text: And the TV on.
dialog: Unclear to him how much he likes any of this.
text: He eats reading a business school text. Stealing glances at
text: Prema as she moves around the table, tidying. He is about to
dialog: stop her, or suggest, stops himself, as--
text: We PUSH PAST him to TV NEWS FOOTAGE: Webster's truck.
speaker_heading: TV BROADCAST (OVER)
dialog: In recent years the dauntless
dialog: Webster had abandoned his family,
dialog: slipped into financial chaos and
dialog: homelessness, --
text: Then the TV cuts to a HIGHLIGHT REEL of Webster in his
text: football prime, guarding the quarterback like a Secret
text: Service agent. And Bennet grabs the remote, shuts it off--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Look, I don’t really watch TV.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 43
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 26.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: Then why do you have one?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: One has a TV in this country.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I don’t usually eat breakfast.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: One eats breakfast in this country.
text: (and clasps her hands in
dialog: prayer)
dialog: Dear God thank you for the gifts
dialog: you have so graciously bestowed
dialog: upon me--
text: Bennet, stunned, watching this, then closes his hands in
dialog: prayer, as--—
speaker_heading: PREMA (CONT'D)
dialog: Please help us to continue to be
dialog: deservant of our blessings.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEGHENY COUNTY CORONER - PITTSBURGH - MORNING
text: The lot jammed with trucks and vans, satellite dishes. Dozen
scene_heading: REPORTERS and CAMERAMEN.
text: Bennet’s Mercedes finds a spot on the edges of the media
text: circus. Clueless, he heads down the ramp to the basement off-
dialog: loading area.
text: Where he finds Sullivan and Annie arriving. Sullivan wearing
text: his “Webster/52” Steelers jersey. Gracie’s wearing Steelers
text: gold&black strung ribbon through her hair today. In Webster’s
text: honor. As they converge--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Who's Mike Webster?
dialog: (Sullivan pauses,
dialog: disbelief, then--)
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: Greatest center to ever play the
text: game. A true warrior.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: What’s a center?
speaker_heading: GRACIE
text: The big guy in the middle.
dialog: They tumble inside--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 27.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: My kid plays because of that guy.
text: He wears Webster’s number.
text: Bennet’s eyes go to Sullivan’s jersey. To the red-white-blue-
text: stars-stripes logo of the NFL. Sullivan follows his gaze.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I’m very sorry. I just don’t know
dialog: who he was.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: (realizing)
dialog: You don’t know football. At all.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I don’t need to know football.
text: Now clocks Gracie’s ribbons.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: I freakin can’t believe it’s you.
text: Now Wecht arrives, joins them.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I was put on the schedule for
dialog: today. I’m on the schedule every
dialog: weekend.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: (dad breaking up the kids)
dialog: C'mon, c’mon--
dialog: (and then they’ re--)
scene_heading: 44 INT. ALLEGHENY COUNTY CORONER
text: Bennet, Wecht, Sullivan, Gracie and the others huddled, grim,
text: around the slab.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: I’m going to have to give a
dialog: statement.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: Let’s just do the external.
text: We're TIGHT ON BENNET. He’s in his bubble, reading through
dialog: the EMT report, medical records. Quick probe. General
text: appearance. Fingernails. Scorched thighs-
speaker_heading: BENNET
text: He was Tasering himself.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 28.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: The whole town was out of work. He
dialog: gave us hope when there was no
dialog: hope, ya know?
text: Bennet can see inside the mess of his mouth from here.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Full autopsy, please.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: Hey c’mon there’s no need. To cut
dialog: this man’s body.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I can’t figure out what went wrong.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: He died. Is what went wrong.
speaker_heading: BENNET
text: Look at his teeth. He was pulling
text: them out AND SUPERGLUING THEM BACK
dialog: IN. Why does an apparently wealthy
dialog: favorite son of this city become
dialog: self-mutilating and homeless at 50?
dialog: Cardiac arrest may be how he died,
dialog: but not why.
text: A beat. They're all thinking. Wecht pulls Bennet aside.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: What he’s saying is there are times
dialog: when life asks you to leave things
dialog: alone, and times when you can’t.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Do you think he’d want me to leave
dialog: things alone?
dialog: (meaning Webster)
text: For a moment maybe even Wecht isn’t sure.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: No, I don’t. I never leave anything
dialog: alone. That’s why people hate me.
dialog: Just don’t screw it up.
dialog: (and leaves, and as Bennet
dialog: turns to the room--)
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Let’s prepare the body, please.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 28A.
scene_heading: 45 INT. AUTOPSY CHAMBER - DAY
text: Bennet - Teddy in his/our ears - at the dissection table.
text: JUMP CUTS - the unpeeling. The washing. The crevasses, the
text: face. Ritual beyond respectful. Almost tender. Then--
speaker_heading: TEDDY PENDERGRASS (OVER)
dialog: ("If You Don’t Know Me By
dialog: Now”)
dialog: All the things that we’ve been
dialog: through/You should understand me
dialog: like I understand you--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 29.
text: Now STOP. Music stops. Bennet staring down at Webster.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (quiet, intimate)
dialog: Mike, you need to help me. I know
dialog: there’s something wrong. Help me
dialog: tell the world what happened to
dialog: you. I can’t do it alone.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
text: (from his desk, over
dialog: paperwork)
dialog: Heart. Attack.
text: Bennet performs the Y-incision.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Bone saw please.
scene_heading: BENNET (CONT'D) TEDDY PENDERGRASS (OVER)
dialog: Heart weight 327g. Mitral I ain’t gonna do nothing to
dialog: valve 10.4 cm; Aortic Valve break up our happy home/Don’t
dialog: 7.1 cm; Pulmonary- get so excited--
dialog: Handing organs to Gracie one by one--
scene_heading: TECH #1 TEDDY PENDERGRASS (CONT'D)
dialog: Right kidney 143g ... left If you don’t know me by
dialog: kidney 158g-- now/You will never never
dialog: never know me--
text: JUMP TO: Bennet at the dissection table. Peering down,
text: confused. Turning what he’s holding upside down and on its
text: side then over again. Holds it to the light. Dictating--
speaker_heading: BENNET
text: Regular folds of gray matter. No
dialog: mush. No obvious contusions. No
dialog: shrinkage or erosion from
dialog: Alzheimer’ s--
speaker_heading: GRACIE
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Hold up the CT again for me,
dialog: please.
text: He’s comparing what’s in his hands with the pictures. Gracie
text: holds up the MRI beside the CT.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: How old are these?
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 29A.
speaker_heading: GRACIE
dialog: Six months.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 30.
text: Bennet sets the brain down. Stares at it.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: This should be a mess. It looks
text: completely normal.
speaker_heading: GRACIE
dialog: (paging into the records)
dialog: Records say severe head aches,
text: double vision. Voices.
dialog: (Bennet looks at her)
text: In his head.
dialog: (--)
dialog: Not seeing any documented
dialog: concussions.
dialog: He did complain of dizziness.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: How often?
speaker_heading: GRACIE
dialog: Once.
dialog: (--)
dialog: In eighteen years of professional
dialog: football.
text: Bennet takes the file himself. Scans to the signature, team
dialog: doctor: “Dr. Joseph P. Maroon.”
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: Sign the certificate. Sew him up.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Let’s fix the brain.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: You know we don’t have the budget
dialog: for that.
text: Gracie glances at Sullivan. He’s standing up. 10 staff have
text: accumulated. Wecht reappears, but stays in b.g..
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: People do not go mad for no reason.
dialog: I’m going to keep looking.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: NO!
text: (and Bennet looks at hima
dialog: moment, and--)
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 30A.
speaker_heading: BENNET SULLIVAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Danny, you are out of line-- You don’t speak to me like
dialog: that.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 31.
speaker_heading: BENNET SULLIVAN (CONT'D)
dialog: And I am the pathologist on This is not your laboratory!
dialog: duty! The pathologist of
dialog: record!
speaker_heading: BENNET SULLIVAN (CONT'D)
dialog: My hands on this body. If I And you're wrong.
dialog: am wrong JI am wrong.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Not you. Me--
dialog: (loud; big; no one’s heard
dialog: his voice raised before)
dialog: Fix! that! brain!
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: I‘1l make sure they’re not going to
dialog: pay for it.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I will write my orders for the
dialog: tests I want.
text: A long tense beat. Bennet looks for Wecht. Wecht is gone.
text: He’s alone with Sullivan. Then--
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: You're going to pay for them
dialog: yourself.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Please proceed, Gracie, thank you.
text: (and as he exits, slipping
dialog: off his smock)
text: And proceeds up the stairs--—
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: (to himself; prayerful; he
dialog: does that)
dialog: He is a child of God, like you. You
dialog: are here because other people
dialog: fought your battles for you. And
dialog: you are still here.
dialog: (and enters--)
scene_heading: INT. WECHT’S OFFICE - ALLEGHENY COUNTY CORONER
text: Bennet stands in front of Wecht’s desk. Wecht, in a suit now,
text: doing up a tie, reading Bennet’s test orders. (We get a
dialog: glimpse at the list: Tau -- Beta-Amyloid -- TDP-43 protein --
dialog: Ubiquitin -- Alpha-synuclein -- silver staining -)
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
speaker_heading: + eH
dialog: + %
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 31a.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: In forty years, I’ve never
dialog: requested a panel of tests like
dialog: this. What are you looking for?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: There isn’t a case, in a book or in
dialog: life, where a man that healthy,
dialog: went that crazy that young, with no
text: visible abnormalities of the brain.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 32.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: (then)
dialog: I don’t know. What I’m looking for.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: I can tell. It’s going to cost you
dialog: a fortune.
dialog: (then, relenting)
dialog: If you have to play hero, just make
dialog: sure we both come out okay.
text: And there it is. Bennet’s on his own. And--
scene_heading: INT. BENNET’S CONDO - DAY
text: Prema at the TV. She has new clothes. Jeans, t-shirt.
text: American. She's watching a special on Webster’s career.
text: Narration of hand-to-hand combats UNDER an elegiac score.
dialog: Studying all this. Webster. Football. America.
text: (Domestic touches have appeared. Pillows on the couch.
dialog: Flowers for the table.)
text: Prema crosses to the refrigerator. Actual food in there now.
text: Reaches for a Tupperware. Peels the lid, and--
text: Inside, a bisected half brain. Gray, sinewy. Floating in a
dialog: pool of formalin. Label says “Michael Lewis Webster”.
text: She glances to the TV, to A TIGHT of Webster’s face. Black
text: helmet. “52”. Fierce eyes behind the cage.
speaker_heading: DAUGHTER (PRE-LAP)
text: Mom, dad's sitting outside again.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. STRZELCZYK HOME - PITTSBURGH SUBURBS - DAY
dialog: 
text: Keana tidying her daughter’s bathroom. Pauses by a window.
text: Sees Strzelczyk sitting in the rain, in the yard.
scene_heading: KEANA STRZELCZYK
dialog: Justin you weirdo. You keep doing
dialog: that--
text: She heads down. Stops by the front door. Post-its on the
dialog: wall: “The people are Evil. God speaks to me. He says we have
dialog: to get to higher ground--”
speaker_heading: SON
dialog: (coming up behind her)
dialog: Daddy made these pictures for me--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 49
dialog: 50
speaker_heading: A51
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 33.
text: And hands Keana a stack of crayon drawings. Dark forest.
text: Chaotic sky. Inspired, but apocalyptic. What the fuck? And--
text: She heads out there. We STAY LONG, from the doorway, as Keana
text: heads toward her husband. RECEDING IN FRAME until she gets to
text: him. Their daughter steps into view, watching, as-—-
text: She reaches him, and we don’t hear what she says, it can’t
text: have been much. Then his massive arm lifts toward her. Stops.
text: He turns his head toward her. The look on his face. What he
dialog: screams.
dialog: 
text: She stumbles back, what she’s seen, slipping drops like she’s
text: been shot, and as she scrambles away from him, we cut to--
scene_heading: INT. AUTOPSY CHAMBER - ALLEGHENY COUNTY CORONER - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Bennet at a dissection table, meticulous, measuring. Alone
text: with a half dozen bodies waiting to be dissembled and solved.
text: Clock says 1 AM. In his ear phones--
speaker_heading: DONNIE MCCLURKIN/CD (OVER)
dialog: (“We Fall Down”)
dialog: For a saint is just a sinner who
dialog: fell down/But we couldn’t stay
dialog: there/And got up--
text: Suddenly, Bennet shuts off the music. Turns to listen, as if
dialog: to someone speaking--
text: The bodies are dermal shells. Open eyes vacant.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I apologize.
text: And slips the cover over the microscope. Graveyard shift Tech
text: waves him down.
speaker_heading: GRAVEYARD TECH
dialog: You got something today. Left it on
dialog: your desk.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: INT. CITY BUS (MOVING) - NIGHT
text: Prema sits bundled in hat and scarf. One of three passengers
text: left (one of them asleep). Near the end of the line.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 51
dialog: 52
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15
scene_heading: EXT. STREETS AROUND BENNET’S CONDO - NIGHT
dialog: 
dialog: 34.
text: Bennet’s car turns a corner as his POV sees Prema step off
text: the bus across the street.
text: He pulls over, opens the passenger side door. (A lab/slide
text: tray in the seat; he picks it up, makes room.)
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (calls out to her)
dialog: Hi. It’s very late--
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: I have a shift now. At a home.
dialog: Changing old people. Feeding them.
text: (and as she shrugs, it’s
dialog: her work-)
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Let me take you home.
text: (and she spots the tray of
dialog: slides on his lap--)
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: What’s that?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Mike Webster.
dialog: (and now we find--)
scene_heading: INT. BENNET’S CONDO - 30 MIN LATER
text: Bennet standing over the kitchen table. Over the microscope.
text: The Webster tray before him. Amidst his medical journals and
text: books. He’s still in his coat. Tapping the books back into
dialog: place. Looks back to--
text: Prema. Sitting on the floor, who has turned on the TV and is
text: watching football clips on ESPN. Bennet, moderately annoyed,
text: still not used to another live body in his space.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Do you need me to get you a TV for
dialog: your room?
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: No, this one will be fine.
dialog: The books and journals--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: You were reading these?
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
speaker_heading: + eH
dialog: %
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 34A.
text: She nods, Uh huh. Nonplussed. She has one of them on her lap.
text: Occasionally glancing at football. This confuses him.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: Prema. What are you doing?
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: I am studying.
text: But what she’s really doing is waiting. And giving him space.
text: She feels his anxiety. (She feels everything about him.) His
text: anxiety is her anxiety.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 35.
text: Now Bennet opens the sleeve o slides. Stares at the them.
dialog: Focused.
speaker_heading: PREMA (CONT'D)
dialog: (nervous herself)
dialog: What does Iron Mike say?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I don’t know.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: I can’t tell what you are more
dialog: afraid of. What you will find, or
dialog: what you won’t.
text: Bennet looks at her. Understands.
text: He turns to the microscope. Wipes a slide on his sleeve.
dialog: Loads it. Peers. Goes still--
text: His fingers calibrating the foci like pianist’s fingers, like
text: delicate multi-jointed spider legs.
text: But he’s not seeing much. Wipes another. Loads it. Not
text: getting anything he gets up. Stands, thinking. Sits, wipes,
dialog: loads another. This one particular slide.
text: We find Prema studying Bennet now. She’s turned off the TV.
dialog: She's waiting, as--
text: We're TIGHT ON BENNET’S HANDS. They are now gripping the
text: dissection table. He has seen something.
text: Another slide. Another. Back to the first. He stands. Sits.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Oh my god.
dialog: (half standing now)
dialog: Oh my god what is this? What the
dialog: hell is this?
dialog: (then)
dialog: This is the brain of an 85-year
dialog: old.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: Iron Mike was 50. Please, can I
dialog: see?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (loads a different slide
dialog: and steps aside--)
dialog: This is what your brain looks like--
text: (she puts her face to the
dialog: microscope and sees--)
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 35A.
text: A white snowy field. PUSH IN CLOSER: shapes appear. Cells,
text: neurons. Faint, clean, pristine. Like snowflakes.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 53
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 36.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT’D)
dialog: This is Mike Webster.
dialog: (loads the other, and--)
text: We see ugly reddish-brown splotches bleeding across the
text: pristine snow-field, drowning the snowflakes alive.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: That brown stuff is tau. It’s a
text: protein that moves in clumps called
text: neurofibrillary tangles. The
text: tangles strangle the neurons from
dialog: inside out.
dialog: (how to explain)
dialog: Think of it like pouring wet
dialog: concrete down kitchen pipes. That's
dialog: what it does in the brain. Chokes
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: What does that do?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: It turns you into someone else.
dialog: Someone you don’t know.
dialog: (--)
dialog: I’ve never seen a brain like this
dialog: in a man this young. I’ve never
dialog: heard of a brain this damaged in
dialog: any man.
text: Bennet goes to the fridge. Pulls the container of brain. A
text: half loaf left. As he cuts a thin slice--
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Testing it again. I have to be
dialog: sure. I have to be completely sure--
text: AND NOW START AN EXTENDED FAST-MOVING SEQUENCE OF CUTS AND
scene_heading: DISSOLVES, starting in--
scene_heading: BENNET’S CONDO - ACCELERATED TIME
text: With Bennet bent over books and journals which grow and
text: change. Bennet doesn’t move, as “Bennet” returns with another
text: box. Then two more. Books and journals multiplying.
dialog: “Multiple traumatic cerebral hemorrhages, 1924” --
dialog: “Observations on the pathology of insidious dementia
dialog: following head injury, 1959”--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 36A.
text: The sun sinks. The moon moves across the sky. The sun rises.
text: Bennet still doesn’t move, staring at pages.
dialog: Now looks up to--
speaker_heading: CHRIS BERMAN’S VOICE (OVER)
dialog: (play-by-play growl)
dialog: Okay, your turn, Tom Jackson!
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 54
dialog: 55
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 37.
speaker_heading: CHRIS BERMAN'S VOICE (OVER) (CONT'D)
dialog: Who’s gonna get JACKED UP tonight?!
dialog: (and now WE’RE WATCHING--)
scene_heading: ESPN MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL PRE-GAME
dialog: 
text: Bennet before his TV: HOST CHRIS BERMAN and his chorus of
text: three retired PLAYERS. Berman points to former Bronco
text: linebacker TOM JACKSON.
speaker_heading: TOM JACKSON
dialog: Well, somebody’s going to get
dialog: jacked up tonight!
dialog: (and now we PUSH THROUGH TV
dialog: and we're 4-walling--)
text: The animated intro to the segment: “ESPN’S JACKED UP! ...
dialog: brought to you by Texas Instruments”. Now we’re--
scene_heading: INSIDE QUALCOMM STADIUM, SAN DIEGO
speaker_heading: TOM JACKSON (OVER)
dialog: Rams - Chargers. Quarterback Mark
dialog: Bulger is going to deliver the ball
dialog: to Tony Fisher--
text: Rams’ RECEIVER looks back for the ball, is totally decimated
text: by a forearm shiver to the head. The crowd goes nuts--
speaker_heading: TOM JACKSON (OVER) (CONT'D)
dialog: Donnie Edwards just LEVELS him--!
text: And the head in SLO-MO seems to break off at the neck.
scene_heading: TOM JACKSON (OVER) (CONT'D) ALL THE ANNOUNCERS (OVER)
dialog: (call--) (--response)
dialog: Tony Fisher got-- JACKED! UP!
dialog: (and--) (now BACK TO--)
scene_heading: BENNET’S CONDO. PREMA’S POV OF BENNET AT THE MICROSCOPE
text: Slides stacked in groupings: Beta-A4 amyloid peptide; CD-68;
text: GFAP; Luxol-Fast Blue; Tau. Bennet loads slide after slide--
speaker_heading: COACH’S VOICE (PRE-LAP)
dialog: (screaming! )
dialog: Only way to get that player's hands
dialog: off you is grab him by the throat
dialog: and squeeze - choke him til shit
dialog: runs down his leg!
dialog: (and now cut to a--)
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 58
dialog: 59
dialog: 60
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 38.
scene_heading: COLLEGE-LEVEL PRACTICE FOOTBALL FIELD
dialog: 
text: TIGHT on a pair of players. The bigger of the two stabbing
text: jabbing RAMMING his palm into the throat of the other,
dialog: gripping, release, grip, release, over and over until the
dialog: other goes down and lies broken. Now we--
text: Bennet slips into our extreme f.g., taking this in, then
dialog: turning, and the field morphs and we--
text: FIND BENNET ON THE PERIPHERY OF A LOCAL HIGH SCHOOL FIELD
dialog: 
text: Watching fifty 14-year olds doing wind-sprints. Joyful.
text: They're ribbing each other. Boys. Then. Whistle blows. And
dialog: every player unleashes on someone anyone to hit/spear with
text: the crowns of their helmets. CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! Like
text: gunshots echoing from all corners. Now--
scene_heading: BACK IN BENNET’S LIVING ROOM - TIGHTER ON THE TV
dialog: 
text: Bennet watching tape of a pro training camp. Lumbering
text: lineman running laterally to stretch a play. Linebacker
text: spears helmet into face, to crack jaw and neck. And back to--
text: BENNET AT THE LOCAL HIGH SCHOOL FIELD
dialog: 
text: It’s been 60 seconds. The kids still randomly head-ramming. A
text: few of them here and there staggering off. Now back to--
text: THE LIBRARY THAT IS NOW BENNET’S CONDO
dialog: 
text: Every surface stacked with books, journals. “Traumatic
dialog: cerebral hemorrhage. Neurology and Psychiatry, 1929.”
text: Bennet’s midnight-to-dawn sessions INTERCUT with Prema
text: watching NFL games. Steelers, Raiders, Dolphins. CRACK!
text: Bennet glancing only at the SOUND of helmets crashing.
text: Prema studying the game, the strategy. The quarterbacks
text: scrambling for their lives, slipping from the clutches of
text: pursuers, launching passes that float impossibly into the
text: hands of full-sprint receivers 50 yards away.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: (to Bennet somewhere else
dialog: in the condo)
dialog: Oh wow--
dialog: (new fan; as she’s clearing
dialog: the table)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 61
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 39.
speaker_heading: PREMA (CONT'D)
dialog: You should watch this, Bennet.
text: (as he lifts his head to-)
text: BIG POWER RUNNING BACK (ND college) spins sliding to daylight
text: outrunning an entire defense as if they are standing still.
speaker_heading: PREMA (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s actually really beautiful!
dialog: Bennet!
text: Of crisp sunny days and long shadows and end-zone glory.
text: Victory dances. Cheerleaders. Spectacle.
text: Of big men wrestling in the mud, reaching down to pull up
text: comrades. Of stands boiling with ecstasy.
dialog: There’s all that too. And we’re back in love with the game--
speaker_heading: PREMA (CONT'D)
dialog: Tommy Maddox is the most underrated
dialog: quarterback in the League!
dialog: (because she’s watching)
text: The TV, where the Steelers are winning a Wild Card Playoff
dialog: game against the Browns 36 - 33. “No time outs, they have no
text: time outs left!” And Prema is hooked. While Bennet, inside
dialog: his head, goes--
scene_heading: BENNET’S POV/WHAT HE'S SEEING
text: An ANIMATION OF the deceleration of a football head. Helmet
text: colliding with a knee. Head halted abruptly. But the brain,
text: floating in fluid, keeps going, smashing into the inner
text: skull, as a rubber ball might when smashed by a racquet.
text: And our animated head - 4-walled - morphs in Bennet’s POV
text: into the armored and caged head of Mike Webster. He's bent
text: over. The other 20 players vanish, and it’s just him and
text: Bradshaw. Endless repetitions. Hut-snap. Hut-snap. It’s a
dialog: kind of clinic. This is how it’s done. The two of them a
dialog: single organism, and BAM! And now--
dialog: 
text: It’s game time, and the field is full, the stands are full,
text: and Webster is nut-cracked between two defensive linemen. And
text: there’s Webster’s rubber-ball brain boing-boinging off the
dialog: skull, skull off helmet, helmet off other helmet. And we
dialog: REVERSE and we’re looking at--
text: Bennet. Studying the TV. Where there’s now--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 62
dialog: 63
dialog: 64
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 40.
scene_heading: TV FOOTAGE OF VETERANS STADIUM, PHILADELPHIA
dialog: 
text: Eagles punter alone in backfield, about to kick. Two Jaguars
dialog: special team backs full-sprint from pincher angles--
speaker_heading: TOM JACKSON (OVER)
dialog: Now I really love this one. Jorge
dialog: Cordova and Brian--
text: The backs arrive same time. Helmets into chest and throat.
text: Punter, crushed, stiffens, as if Tasered, drops-—
scene_heading: TOM JACKSON (OVER) (CONT'D) ALL THE ANNOUNCERS (OVER)
dialog: And Dirk Johnson-- GOT! JACKED! UP!
dialog: (then back to--)
text: BENNET AT THE HIGH SCHOOL FOOTBALL FIELD
dialog: 
text: It’s been 90 seconds. Bennet is simply walking away as the
text: turf is like a battlefield of the exhausted.
text: THIS WHOLE SEQUENCE STOPS NOW. We slow. We’re--
scene_heading: INT. AUTOPSY CHAMBER - NIGHT
text: Clock says 4AM. We’re DOLLYING SLOW THROUGH the autopsy
text: chamber. Silhouettes of fresh bodies on the slabs.
text: Light spills out of the lab. We follow it to Bennet at a
text: significantly bigger microscope than he has. Rubbing the back
text: of his neck.
text: Prema has put a couple chairs together and is asleep under a
text: blanket, between Bennet and the corpses. Keeping guard.
text: Against everything. Her really astounding beauty.
text: Now TILT UP to Bennet standing over her. Really seeing her
text: for the first time. Prema stirs. Eyes open huge dark almonds
text: right up into Bennet’s face. He is clear-headed, suddenly.
text: As if she’s heard something. Her eyes shift to a cadaver. Its
text: perfect stillness.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: That is not who they are.
dialog: (then; his expression)
dialog: I think I found a disease no one
dialog: has ever seen. Not once. Not ever.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: Isn’t that good?
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 65
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 41.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: It’s a terrible disease.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: So what do you do? (So what does
dialog: one do in this country when one
dialog: discovers a terrible disease.)
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I have to be sure.
dialog: (but then--)
text: O.S., the SOUND of a door opening. Footsteps approach. The
text: fluorescent lights bounce on in the autopsy chamber.
text: REVEALING the row of dead faces, and--
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: Who's back there?
dialog: (Bennet comes out)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Working.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: You’re not on the schedule.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I’m using personal time. I needed
dialog: the microscope.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: In here is county time.
text: Prema appears. Sullivan leers. Her clothes. Her unkempt hair.
text: He spots the blanket on the chair.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN (CONT’D)
dialog: You banging prostitutes in here,
dialog: Omalu?
text: Bennet takes three big steps toward Sullivan. Fists clenched.
text: Prema - “Don’t” - slides between them, shoves Bennet back. As
dialog: Sullivan walks away--
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN (CONT’D)
dialog: They deport you weirdos for sick
dialog: shit like that.
dialog: And now we rise up to--
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 70
dialog: 71
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 42.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: SOARING GIANT BLACK ST. BENEDICT
text: Atop St. Benedict’s. Arms spread out over Pittsburgh. Now
dialog: across the river to--
scene_heading: EXT. PRESBYTERIAN UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL - UNIV OF PITTSBURGH -
scene_heading: DAY - ESTABLISHING - AERIAL
text: BIRD’S-EYE POV of the sprawling 10-story complex. Abutting
text: Pitt’s Coliseum-like football stadium. The dual-chambered
text: heart of the sprawling city of higher learning.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - PRESBYTERIAN UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Bennet cradles the box.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - PRESBYTERIAN UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL
dialog: 
text: Bennet walks an endless hallway with a hundred doors, where--
text: DR. RON HAMILTON - 49, academic, cropped beard - is watching
text: him approach from his office doorway - “Chairman,
dialog: Neuropathology Program, Univ. of Pittsburgh Medical School” -
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: What did you bring me?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I need you to look at this cold.
dialog: (as they go into--)
scene_heading: INT. NEUROPATHOLOGY LAB - PRESBYTERIAN UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL
text: And leads Bennet into his office, digging out the slides.
text: Bennet steps to the window, looks down on massive Heinz
dialog: Field.
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: Bennet. Relax. I can hear you
dialog: breathing.
dialog: (another look, then--)
text: Hamilton slowly lifts his head. Pause.
speaker_heading: HAMILTON (CONT'D)
dialog: This is a really really terrible
dialog: brain.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 72
dialog: 73
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 43.
dialog: And we SLAM to--
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - PRESBYTERIAN UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL
text: Office of “Dr. Steven DeKosky, Chairman, Dept of Neurology”.
text: Out strides DEKOSKY, a fit 55. Pissed-off to be interrupted.
dialog: And back to--
scene_heading: INT. HAMILTON'S OFFICE - PRESBYTERIAN UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL -
scene_heading: PITTSBURGH - DAY
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: Ever met the great man before?
dialog: (Bennet shakes, No)
dialog: Tough. One of the top brain guys in
dialog: the world. Expect two minutes tops.
text: DeKosky blows in. Gives Hamilton a “this better be good”
dialog: look.
speaker_heading: DEKOSKY
dialog: That him?
dialog: (Hamilton nods)
dialog: So you’re our prize graduate.
text: And crosses straight to the microscope. Great focus, long
dialog: moment of this. Then--
text: It’s very obvious. And he faces them. In the presence of
dialog: something monumental and knows it.
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: Tell him.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: That is Mike Webster. The
dialog: Pittsburgh Steeler--
speaker_heading: DEKOSKY
dialog: (get to the point)
dialog: I know who Mike Webster is.
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: Steve. He was fifty.
dialog: (and that’s the point and-)
text: DeKosky looks to the window, mentally shuffling through his
dialog: decades of study, toil, research. The tens of thousands of
text: hours. Then reaches for the phone--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 44,
speaker_heading: DEKOSKY
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Cancel the rest of my morning--
dialog: (hangs up; then)
dialog: You have my attention.
dialog: Hamilton nods, Go.
speaker_heading: BENNET
text: Diving birds hit the sea at 200
text: MPH, generating 1,000 g-force at
text: impact. Each peck of a woodpeckers
dialog: produces a g-force of a thousand.
dialog: 12,000 pecks a day, 85-million
dialog: times over their lifetimes. Big-
dialog: horned sheep--
dialog: (DeKosky gives Hamilton an
dialog: impatient look)
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: Bennet-—
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: All these animals have shock
text: absorbers built into their bodies.
text: The woodpecker’s tongue comes out
text: the back of the mouth through the
text: nostril and goes around the top of
text: its head. Basically, it’s one big
dialog: safety belt for the brain.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Humans? Not one piece of our
dialog: anatomy protects us from those
dialog: kinds of collisions. A human being
dialog: will get concussed at 80 g’s. The
dialog: average head-to-head contact on a
dialog: football field? 120 g's. God did
dialog: not intend for us to play football.
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: Let’s keep God out of this.
text: And Bennet goes to a white board and draws the S’s/O’s
dialog: coach's diagram of football squads. Offense. Defense. The
text: backs. The quarterback. And circles the center--
speaker_heading: HAMILTON (CONT’D) BENNET
dialog: What’s the ‘S’? The Steelers.
speaker_heading: HAMILTON DEKOSKY
text: The ‘O’s--? The ‘others’. Obviously.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: The others, yes.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 45.
speaker_heading: DEKOSKY
dialog: Do you even watch football?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Not at all--
dialog: (back to the board)
dialog: But I studied Mike Webster’s
dialog: position. The one int he middle.
dialog: The most violent on the field. The
text: slaps and the choking, the head as
dialog: a weapon on every play of every
dialog: game, of every practice. From the
dialog: time he was a boy, then a college
dialog: man, through a professional career.
dialog: The thousands and thousands of hits
dialog: that weren’t concussions.
text: Now circles the wide-outs, running backs and safeties--
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT’D)
dialog: But these? They are the fastest.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: Their speed multiplied by the speed
dialog: of the men who hit them, and the
dialog: trajectories at which they hit
dialog: them, the g-force created - the
dialog: same as getting hit on the head
dialog: with a sledgehammer --
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: Slow down. The brain. Get to the
dialog: brain part--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (distinctly not slowing)
dialog: Mike Webster played eighteen years
dialog: of professional football. 90-
dialog: thousand blows to the head during
dialog: just his professional career, by my
dialog: calculation.
dialog: (and now--)
dialog: All this triggered a cascading
dialog: series of neurological events that
dialog: unleashed killer protein upon Mike
text: Webster’s brain. The tangles
text: invading and then strangling his
text: mind from the inside out. Leaving
text: him unrecognizable, even to
dialog: himself.
dialog: And before you ask me why it’s not
dialog: the same as boxers--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 46.
speaker_heading: DEKOSKY BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: Dementia pugilistica-- Why it is not the same is
dialog: that when a boxer receives
dialog: this kind of blow, it is once
dialog: in a very long while. Because
dialog: he goes down and he often
dialog: does not get up, and the
text: fight is over. It is not over
dialog: and over and over every day
dialog: of every week, week in week
dialog: out, practice or game.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t know the game. I have never
dialog: played the game. But I am convinced
dialog: playing football killed him.
dialog: (and)
dialog: And there have to be others.
speaker_heading: DEKOSKY
dialog: How can you know that?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Common sense. But they’re dead. Or
dialog: lost. Like Mike Webster was lost.
speaker_heading: DEKOSKY
dialog: I’m not interested in common sense.
dialog: The only thing that interests me is
dialog: science, and science is knowing.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I know from these men’s records
dialog: their doctors think they have early
dialog: Alzheimer’s. Which is statistically
dialog: impossible. Because it isn’t
dialog: Alzheimer’s. It's this.
text: Dekosky sits.
speaker_heading: DEKOSKY
dialog: Holy Christ.
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: Steve. It’s a billion-dollar
dialog: finding.
speaker_heading: DEKOSKY
dialog: I don’t like it. Actually, I hate
dialog: it. But as a scientist I can’t deny
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: We need to tell them. Now.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
speaker_heading: + HH HHH HH
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 47.
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: The NFL? What, like call them?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: DEKOSKY
dialog: This is one case.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Men are dying. Right now. Someone
dialog: is getting divorced. Right now.
text: Someone is arguing. Right now.
speaker_heading: DEKOSKY
dialog: Bennet. The only way people are
dialog: taking you seriously is if you
dialog: publish. Peer review. Respected
dialog: medical journal.
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: We'll coauthor, our names with
dialog: yours.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: With all due respect, under normal
dialog: circumstances, I understand there
dialog: is a correct way, but--
speaker_heading: DEKOSKY
text: Slow. Down. Bennet.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I will back you up, but we do this
dialog: the right way.
dialog: Okay, a breath, gets it--
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: And name this. You’re going to have
dialog: to give this a name.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: INT. BENNET’S CONDO - THAT NIGHT
text: As Bennet slips past Prema’s little efficiency, the door
text: opens. Prema steps out. New dress. Flower in her hair.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (awkward)
dialog: I thought you were asleep.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 76
dialog: 77
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 48.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: How could I sleep? Did they agree?
dialog: What it is?
text: He’s overwhelmed. Can only nod, Yes, they understood.
speaker_heading: BENNET PREMA (CONT'D)
dialog: They are going to publish They? With you?
dialog: with me.
speaker_heading: BENNET PREMA (CONT'D)
dialog: A medical journal-- With you?
text: And touches his arm. So happy for him she can cry. (And maybe
dialog: she does, a little.)
speaker_heading: PREMA (CONT'D)
dialog: That's so great. Congratulations--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: You are going somewhere?
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: Yes, with you. To celebrate.
text: And under a PRE-LAP throb of dance music, taking in the full
dialog: breadth of this woman, perhaps for the first time, then--
scene_heading: INT. STATIC (DANCE CLUB) - NIGHT
text: Crowded, loud, sexy. Bennet and Prema awkward by the speaker
text: in the strobing light. Bennet can’t connect to the music.
dialog: Doesn't really know what to do with her there.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: You don’t dance, do you?
dialog: (he shakes, No, then--)
text: She's dragging him onto the floor. Circles him, gorgeous
text: fluid dancer and is all about bringing him to life. She is so
text: contagious Bennet slowly forgets all the things that keep him
dialog: from doing more than listen. Until it’s the other way around,
text: and he’s putting it out, and moving. Then they’re back in-
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - BENNET’S CONDO - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: They're passing her door on the way to his. They stop. He’s
text: unsure. She’s not. He says, “Goodnight”. She reaches, gets
text: his hand, pulls him in. And on her toes, kisses his cheek.
text: And that lingers. And then he’s taking her face in his hands
text: and bringing it to his. And she’s pushing him into his room.
dialog: Then it’s--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
speaker_heading: A77
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEGHENY COUNTY CORONER - MORNING
dialog: 
dialog: 49,
text: Bennet parks his Mercedes. A second one slides next to his.
text: Identical except in color. This one silver. Wecht gets out.
text: Like the suits, the cars are the same.
text: Wecht carrying two coffees, two brown bags.
dialog: Then--
speaker_heading: WECHT
text: (hands Bennet a coffee, a
dialog: bag, and as they walk
dialog: around to the front--)
dialog: It’s weird to bring women into a
text: morgue at night.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: She’s a friend.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: You don’t have friends.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I have a friend now.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: Sullivan made a formal complaint
dialog: against you with the county.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I was working on Webster.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: I know. I took care of it.
dialog: What’s Webster cost you, anyway?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Twenty-thousand dollars.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I save. Everything.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: How unAmerican.
dialog: (then, after a beat) Apparently
dialog: it’s been worth it. Ron Hamilton
dialog: called. Chronic Traumatic
dialog: Encephalopathy. Has a nice ring to
dialog: it. Why didn’t you tell me?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I wasn’t going around you. I need
text: someone with fresh eyes.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 49a,
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D) Someone
dialog: who didn’t want it to be true or
dialog: not true.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 50.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: I don’t like it. But it was the
dialog: right thing to do.
dialog: This may come as a surprise, but
dialog: I’ll never be the one you have to
dialog: worry about.
dialog: So what’s next?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Publish. DeKosky wants to coauthor.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: DeKosky, and--?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Cyril Wecht.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: I’m proud of you, kid.
dialog: (compares the two cars)
dialog: Should've gotten the silver. Blue
text: shows the dirt.
dialog: (and heads in)
scene_heading: INT. SPORTS BAR - PITTSBURGH - DAY
text: The faces are looking AT CAMERA. Watching the TV behind us.
text: Nowhere to move. Nothing else to see or hear.
text: WE FIND BENNET & PREMA in that crowd. Hot wings and nachos.
dialog: (Prema has brought along two or three FRIENDS from church.)
text: And we're watching them watching, and boarding the ride. And
dialog: it’s loud and really fucking joyful. The game is a drug, a
dialog: good healthy one, and we’re rollercoasting triumph and defeat
dialog: and individual acts of heroism. What is absolutely and
dialog: undeniably GREAT about this game. And--
text: Bennet - this moment - is just one of them. Riding the ride.
text: But ONE OF THEM. An AMERICAN. He’s touching and being
text: touched. High-fiving and being high-fived.
text: And then CAMERA TWEAKS past them--
text: To a face deep in the crowd: Mike Webster, leaning against
text: the bar, watching his old team. And Bennet is reminded. Of
text: everything. Now cut to another screen showing the Steelers
dialog: game--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 79
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 50A.
scene_heading: INT. STRZELCZYK HOME - PITTSBURGH SUBURBS - DAY
text: Where, in a SINGLE TRACKING SHOT, we pass Keana and the kids
text: watching in Their Man’s “#73” Steelers jersey. CAMERA PULLING
text: out of the living room, game and kids receding, as we PUSH--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 51.
text: Into the bedroom. Where we FIND Strzelczyk. Heavier,
text: disheveled. Lips moving in mute dialog. Eyes clock his
text: guitar. Grabs it, wields it like a baseball bat. CAMERA
text: FOLLOWS BEHIND him downstairs, back into the living room--
scene_heading: KEANA STRZELCZYK
dialog: Justin, what the hell are you
dialog: doing? Are you serious? Justin
dialog: STOP! what is wrong with you WHAT
text: THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU! -- DO --
scene_heading: NOT -- TOUCH -- THEM!
speaker_heading: STRZELCZYK
dialog: I’m getting messages. Evil Ones.
dialog: Talking talking talking!
scene_heading: KEANA STRZELCZYK
dialog: Are you FREAKIN SERIOUS RIGHT NOW?!
text: Now explosion of wood and glass as he smashes the guitar into
dialog: the wall.
speaker_heading: KEANA STRZELCZYK (CONT’D)
dialog: (weeping now; terrified)
dialog: Oh my god baby what are they
dialog: saying, baby, please tell me what
dialog: the voices are saying--
speaker_heading: STRZELCZYK
dialog: Kill you!
dialog: (and now--)
scene_heading: KEANA STRZELCZYK
dialog: GET OUT GET OUT GET THE HELL OUT!!!
speaker_heading: STRZELCZYK
dialog: I don’t know what I’m doing! I
dialog: don’t know what’s happening to me!?
text: Strzelczyk’s looking straight into his little boy’s stricken
text: face. Terrified by the terror in his kid. The part of him
text: that knows drags the other part of him out.
scene_heading: KEANA STRZELCZYK
dialog: (cuddling the kids)
dialog: Baby shh I need you to call 911
dialog: right now for me baby and tell them
dialog: that daddy is in pain and to come
dialog: here right away baby, shh, it’s
dialog: going to be okay--
text: And bolting out the door after Strzelczyk--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
speaker_heading: A81
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 52.
speaker_heading: SON (0.S.)
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: My daddy’s Justin Strzelczyk the
dialog: football player, WHAT IS HAPPENING
dialog: PLEASE HURRY UP!
text: And now PRE-LAPPING sirens -- engines gunning -- police
dialog: scanners toning, urgent ... now we’re--
scene_heading: INT. STRZELCZYK’S TRUCK
text: Eyes in the rear-view. In conversation with someone inside
dialog: his face. “Webby, what did we do?”
text: Hanging from the mirror: two pairs of baby shoes. His eyes
text: see those, calm. Now. A moment of repose. Searches the
dialog: mirror. There you are. He’s crying. He knows what he needs to
text: do. Hands gripping the wheel sure as ever. CUT TO BLACK.
text: Horns wailing--
speaker_heading: BROADCAST/TV (PRE-LAP)
dialog: - this is live footage of the
text: aftermath of a horrific head-on
dialog: collision on the New York Thruway -
dialog: (and up to--)
text: PIXILATED TV FOOTAGE OF THE NY STATE THRUWAY SPRAYED WITH A
scene_heading: VAST SMOLDERING DEBRIS FIELD
text: The two trucks mere piles of powder. Body bag in the grass.
speaker_heading: BROADCAST/TV (OVER)
dialog: - KDKA has learned that one of the
dialog: drivers was retired Pittsburgh
dialog: Steeler offensive star Justin
dialog: Strzelczyk, who led police on a
dialog: forty-mile high-speed pursuit -
dialog: (fades out as--)
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL Julian Bailes watching this on his
dialog: kitchen TV, and we cut to and find--
scene_heading: EXT. FOOTBALL FIELD (UNIV OF LOUISVILLE) - DAY
text: Bennet standing in the rain/snow, watching the university
text: team finish up practice. A mud bowl. Burpies. Windsprints.
text: Everyone's filthy. Pigs in shit. Looks fun. End whistle, one
text: player breaks away. Stampeding at us. Bennet starts to laugh.
text: This is AMOBI OKOYE, 19 and enormous: 6'2”/300.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 53.
speaker_heading: OKOYE
dialog: Bennet!? Nwokem kedu?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (big laughter)
dialog: You giant American baby! You look
dialog: like a giant American dirty baby!
dialog: Kedu ka mma-mma gi meah?
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT’D) OKOYE
dialog: O noh na nke Ifeoma? Eeah. Maalu na oge obuna icho
dialog: ibia, anom mia, oge obuna.
text: And big laughter. In his native tongue, and with his cousin,
text: he is more the man of where he comes from. Bigger.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (me and the giant--)
dialog: They sent us both to America. To
dialog: see which one survives. The David
dialog: and the Goliath!
dialog: (and his hands say who is
dialog: who, and then--)
speaker_heading: OKOYE
dialog: You are just a professional
dialog: student! Do you have time for any
dialog: other thing?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Superman!
text: Now Amobi realizes how far Bennet’s come. Confused.
speaker_heading: OKOYE
dialog: What are you doing here, my cousin?
dialog: Did somebody die?
scene_heading: B81 INT. DINER - LOUISVILLE - NIGHT
text: Bennet and Amobi. Coffee. Untouched. The glee has gone.
dialog: Bennet has told him.
speaker_heading: OKOYE
dialog: What are the chances?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: For your position? They’re good.
speaker_heading: OKOYE
dialog: You're not even sure of this thing.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 54.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: You'll forget your own name. Amobi
dialog: Okoye. Can you imagine not knowing
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: OKOYE
dialog: Who imagines that?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: You are part of me. I watched you
dialog: be born. I am asking you. Stop.
speaker_heading: OKOYE
dialog: I step on the field I always know I
dialog: can be hurt. More than hurt--
text: (and snaps his fingers.
dialog: Like that.)
dialog: Maybe I play two years then I’m
dialog: out. You know what’s next? Most of
dialog: them get fat, bankrupt. They sell
dialog: cars, insurance (sneakers), I don’t
dialog: know what they do.
dialog: This is my time before that time.
dialog: (then the crux of it, the
dialog: arrogance returns)
dialog: They are saying I will be drafted
dialog: first. The youngest player ever
dialog: drafted into the NFL. I will cash a
dialog: check for millions of dollars.
dialog: Millions just for saying yes.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: God didn’t put anyone on earth to
dialog: cash a check.
speaker_heading: OKOYE
dialog: Look where I am, Cousin. Look what
dialog: I am. I’m not going to let anyone
dialog: take this from me now. Daalu
dialog: nwanem, agam akpo gi mgbe nmaah
dialog: abia.
dialog: And as we HOLD on Bennet, we cut to--
scene_heading: INT. ALLEGHENY COUNTY CORONER - PITTSBURGH - MORNING
text: Bennet WALKING STRAIGHT INTO CAMERA, up the hallway. Peeling
text: gloves, lab coat. (In b.g., the slabs, a pair of upturned
dialog: feet.)
dialog: The Techs - Sullivan - no one’s saying a thing. And into--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 83
dialog: 85
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 55.
text: His shitbox office. Where a warm bottle of cheap champagne
text: sits on his desk, with a copy of Neurosurgery Journal. A post-
dialog: it stuck to the neck says: “Enjoy with your new friend. Best,
dialog: Cyril.”
scene_heading: INT. BENNET’S CONDO - AFTERNOON
text: Bennet enters with the bottle, to find Prema studying
text: Bennet’s article. With a dictionary. He watches her until she
text: feels him and looks up. Tears in his eyes.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: This is very amazing. Now what
dialog: happens?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (nervous to say it)
dialog: I called them.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: Who did you call?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: The National Football League.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I said I'd be happy to come in and
dialog: discuss it.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: (on alert)
dialog: What did they say?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: They said they’d get back to me.
dialog: (and a hard cut to--)
scene_heading: (SC.84 MOVED TO AFTER SC.87
scene_heading: EXT. 280 PARK AVE - MANHATTAN - MORNING
dialog: 
text: A MAN carrying a stack of magazines enters a 60-story glass
text: office tower, in the heart of midtown, between two logos:
dialog: Credit Suisse, and the NFL’s shield. And into--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 86
dialog: 87
dialog: 84
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 56.
scene_heading: INT. NATIONAL FOOTBALL LEAGUE MAIN OFFICE - MANHATTAN
dialog: 
text: Tracking the man - CHRISTOPHER JONES, 43, African American -
text: through a massive office, through the quiet confidence of a
text: major multinational corporation. To his executive suite.
dialog: (There are Harvard undergraduate and law diplomas.)
text: Jones picks Neurosurgery off the top, opens it to the CTE
dialog: article, and, into the intercom--
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Get me Elliot Pellman.
scene_heading: INT. DOCTOR’S PRIVATE OFFICE - LONG ISLAND - DAY
dialog: 
text: DR. ELLIOT PELLMAN is absorbed in Neurosurgery. He's 48,
text: shlubby, a bad comb-over. Surrounded by memorabilia for the
text: NFL’s New York Jets and the NY Islanders hockey team.
speaker_heading: PELLMAN
dialog: (picks up the phone)
dialog: I’m just looking at it.
speaker_heading: JONES/PHONE (OVER)
dialog: Anything to be concerned about?
speaker_heading: PELLMAN
dialog: This Omalu looks like a nobody. But
dialog: let me get into it.
dialog: (and a hard cut to--)
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - BAILES’ HOME - MORNING/SIMULTANEOUS
dialog: 
text: Bailes at the kitchen table in sweatpants. Breakfast.
text: Bailes’s wife, COLLEEN, 40, slips her arms around him.
text: Bailes reading a copy of Neurosurgery Journal (open to
text: “Chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) in a National
dialog: Football League player” ... Omalu, DeKosky, Hamilton, Wecht.)
speaker_heading: COLLEEN BAILES
dialog: What are you reading?
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: It’s about Mike.
speaker_heading: COLLEEN BAILES
dialog: I miss Mike.
dialog: (brain scans)
dialog: Oh god I can’t look at that.
dialog: (Bailes rubbing his face;
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 57.
speaker_heading: COLLEEN BAILES (CONT'D)
text: looking into the middle
dialog: distance, doing the math)
dialog: Julian, what is it?
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: How could I have missed this?
speaker_heading: COLLEEN BAILES
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: If this is really true, it’s the
dialog: end of football.
dialog: (and cut to--)
scene_heading: 88 INT. AUTOPSY CHAMBER - ALLEGHENY COUNTY CORONER - DAY
dialog: 
dialog: Bennet, Sullivan, Gracie stand over 300-lbs. of heavily
text: muscled death. Black. No wounds, no blood.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: (looking at the face; grief-
dialog: stricken)
dialog: Well now, Terry. Ya wonder where
dialog: are they now. Now we know.
dialog: (for Bennet)
dialog: Terry Long. Pittsburgh Steelers.
speaker_heading: GRACIE
dialog: (reading hospital report)
dialog: Who drank a gallon of antifreeze.
dialog: That’s not how I’d do it.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: I guess these guys only die when
dialog: you're working--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: What other problems did he have?
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: Who cares?
speaker_heading: GRACIE
text: Arrested a few times.
dialog: (looking at the report)
dialog: Fraud. Federal theft. And wow.
text: Arrested a lot.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: I know what you're doing.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 89
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 58.
speaker_heading: BENNET
text: Drinking antifreeze is the work of
text: a lunatic mind.
dialog: (then)
dialog: What position? What position did he
dialog: play?
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: Offensive line.
speaker_heading: BENNET SULLIVAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Same as Mike Webster. Webby was a center. Terry
dialog: played right guard.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (the records)
dialog: No recorded concussions. Nine years
dialog: of professional football. As an
dialog: offensive guard.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I need a full autopsy. Same tests
dialog: as Webster.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: You're paying for that, too.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Yes, Daniel. I’m paying for that,
dialog: too.
dialog: (Bennet doesn’t even hear
dialog: it, his eyes already
dialog: focused on--)
dialog: Joseph Maroon--
dialog: The signature on Long’s records: Joseph Maroon. And now cut
dialog: to--
scene_heading: JOE MAROON’S COMPUTER IMAGE SMILING AT US, TRIM, TAN,
text: MUSCULAR, HIS TOOTHY GRIN FILLING OUR SCREEN
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Pull back to REVEAL we’re in Bennet’s little shitbox office
text: at the Coroner’s. He’s at his computer. Before him, the
dialog: website www. josephmaroon.com, the personal site for the
dialog: Steelers’ team doctor. Chief neuro-surgeon of the NFL. The
dialog: country’s premiere specialist in neurosurgery and sports
dialog: medicine.” Bright pastel design, mentorships on longevity and
dialog: healthy living. The whole thing like an ad for toothpaste &
dialog: Viagra. All white, now--
text: PULL BACK again. And our view has become a cottony field. The
text: faint outline of snowflake-like brain cells. Then, from the
text: corner, the seepage of angry rust-brown blood.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 90
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 59.
text: Tau protein tangles. Seeping and strangling everything in
scene_heading: their path. PULL BACK FULL TO REVEAL--—
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT LAB - ALLEGHENY COUNTY CORONER - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Bennet. It’s late. The only other living thing in the
text: building is Prema. In a chair now, by the door, reading with
text: a flashlight.
text: Bennet’s seen enough. Clicks off the table lamp. Just sits
text: slumped in the glow of the instruments and exit signs.
text: Then, in PRE-LAP, a phone rings, and we cut to--
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: INT. BENNET’S CONDO - MORNING
text: Prema picks up the phone, “Hello?”. Hands to Bennet. And we--
speaker_heading: MAN/PHONE (OVER)
dialog: Bennet Omalu?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: This is Dr. Bennet Omalu.
speaker_heading: MAN/PHONE (OVER)
dialog: Listen to me. Football has the best
dialog: doctors money can buy, and they’re
dialog: saying pro football players do not
dialog: get brain damage. At all. And
dialog: people who care about this stuff
dialog: are supposed to take your word for
dialog: it? Mike Webster was a pill-popping
dialog: drunk. And you’re an under-educated
dialog: hack. And you’re done, game over.
text: And looks up at Prema. The line is already dead. He hangs up.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: I think they called back.
speaker_heading: WECHT (PRE-LAP)
dialog: Did he really say you're under-
dialog: educated? Have they seen your
dialog: resume?
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 60.
scene_heading: 93 INT. WECHT’S OFFICE - ALLEGHENY COUNTY CORONER - DAY
dialog: 
dialog: Bennet, Wecht, Hamilton.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: Well, I got calls, too. The
dialog: National Football League owns
dialog: neuroscience. Who knew?
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: (reading from a letter)
dialog: “Serious misinterpretation”.
dialog: “Failure to find”. “Absence of
dialog: clinical information”.
dialog: (looks to Wecht, ‘help?’)
text: Bennet’s at the window. In his hand, an envelope. Wecht and
dialog: Hamilton have one too.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: What do they want?
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: Your head on a spike.
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: They want you to retract your
dialog: findings.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I don’t know what that means.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: It means saying you made it all up.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (confused)
dialog: Made it up??
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: They're accusing you of fraud--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (and now totally fucking
dialog: confused)
dialog: Fraud?? What are they talking
dialog: about?? I’m so careful. I slaved
dialog: over this--
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: Your reputation will be destroyed.
dialog: You won’t be able to work.
dialog: Anywhere.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 61.
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: WECHT BENNET
dialog: Good! ?
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: They're terrified of you.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I have to work! My visa depends on
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: Well, what the hell did you think
dialog: they were going to say, ‘Thank
dialog: you'?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Yes! I thought they’d be grateful!
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: What the hell for?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: For being told. For knowing.
text: Bennet paces to the window, confused.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: I get it. You think you’re being a
dialog: good American.
dialog: (and looks at him; pride
dialog: and sadness)
dialog: Listen to me. The city of
dialog: Pittsburgh shelled out 233-million
dialog: dollars to help build its beloved
dialog: Steelers a glorious new stadium
dialog: while it was closing schools and
dialog: raising taxes.
text: (and snatches the envelope
text: out of Bennet’s hand and
dialog: waves it in his face)
dialog: These are not people who want to
dialog: change the world.
dialog: (now waves Bennet’s
dialog: article)
dialog: And this isn’t some quaint academic
text: discovery stuck in the back of an
dialog: obscure medical journal. Bennet
dialog: Omalu is going to war with the
dialog: manufacturer of a product that
dialog: twenty-million Americans crave
dialog: every Sunday the way they crave
dialog: water! The NFL owns a day of the
dialog: week! They’re very big!
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 94
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15
text: Pause. A long pause.
dialog: 62.
text: Bennet turns back to the window, staring out over the carpet
text: of lights. And the bridges. And the river.
dialog: And Heinz Field.
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: A pathologist determines cause of
dialog: death, not discover disease.
dialog: They'll say Bennet’s in over his
dialog: head, and they’1ll be right.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: Yeah well the world only gets
dialog: changed by people who are over
dialog: their heads ignoring people who say
text: they’re in over their heads.
dialog: (but then--)
text: Bennet turns back from the window. Face set.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Terry Long.
dialog: (beat; what?)
dialog: The tests came back today. Terry
dialog: Long is positive. Football gave him
dialog: CTE. CTE told his brain to drink a
text: gallon of antifreeze. And then he
dialog: died.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I told you. There were going to be
dialog: more.
dialog: (after a pause--)
speaker_heading: HAMILTON
dialog: You've done great work. No one’s
dialog: going to blame you if you stopped
dialog: here. But I’d be lying to you if I
dialog: didn’t tell you how important your
dialog: next move is.
text: Pause. Wecht is taking in Bennet, waiting. Bennet and Wecht
text: HOLD a look, then Wecht sees it in Bennet’s face--
speaker_heading: WECHT
text: No one’s stopping anything.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BENNET’S CONDO - DAY
text: Prema grabs her coat and purse to go out. Pauses by the
text: window. Where she sees Bennet sitting in his car in the
text: parking lot, deep in thought. And we cut to--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
speaker_heading: Ag94
dialog: 95
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 63.
text: Her outside, bundling up, crossing to him. She gets in--
scene_heading: INT. BENNET’S CAR - DAY
text: Prema waits for Bennet to say something. He doesn’t. She lays
text: a hand on his arm, Do you want to talk. He doesn’t move. She
dialog: pulls away--
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: Then do you mind just taking me to
dialog: Western Union? I need to wire money
dialog: to my mother.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (still in his reverie)
dialog: Do you send her everything?
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: Not everything.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: What you make is also for you.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: So is this.
text: And that gets his attention. He turns to look at her. Takes
dialog: her in, this selfless woman. And now they’re--
scene_heading: EXT. PITTSBURGH/MONONGAHELA RIVER BANK - DAY
text: Bennet and Prema stand by the river, looking north and south
text: past the bridge.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: When I was a boy, in Nigeria,
dialog: heaven was here.
text: (and holds his hand over
dialog: his head)
dialog: And America was here--
dialog: (just below)
dialog: It was the place where God sent all
dialog: his favorite people.
dialog: (--)
dialog: I came to America because I thought
dialog: here you could do anything, be
dialog: anything. Americans were the
dialog: manifestation of what God wanted
dialog: all of us to be.
dialog: (then)
dialog: But Mike Webster goes mad and
dialog: nobody asks why.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 64.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: They make fun of him. And now they
dialog: want to pretend this disease
dialog: doesn’t exist? They want to bury
dialog: me? It’s offensive. I’m offended.
dialog: I’m the wrong person to have
dialog: discovered this.
text: A quiet. Then. A clarity and confidence bigger than she is--
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: There is no coincidence in this
dialog: world. Tell me. What is the
dialog: statistical probability that you,
dialog: not just a doctor, but Bennet
dialog: Omalu, came to America, end up
dialog: here, this rusty place, for you
dialog: alone to be the one to see this?
dialog: (long pause)
dialog: When I arrived, in New York, I was
dialog: attacked--
dialog: (and stops)
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: Something that is better left
text: unsaid. But that man almost broke
dialog: me. I wanted to give up, and go
dialog: back. But I knew God, I decided to
dialog: trust his wisdom.
dialog: (and--)
dialog: And now I am looking at this man,
dialog: an Omalu Onyemalukube. Your name.
dialog: It means, If you know, you must
dialog: come forth and speak.
dialog: 
text: Pause. Bennet metabolizing what she’d just told him. Then--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: How did you know that?
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: I called your father.
dialog: (Bennet surprised)
dialog: He was pleased to hear from me.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Cyril said if I speak it could be
dialog: dangerous.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: If you don’t speak for the dead,
dialog: who will?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 96
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 65.
speaker_heading: PREMA (CONT'D)
dialog: You are of the Igbo tribe, Bennet.
dialog: Igbo man is bold and cannot be
dialog: silenced. When you have the truth,
dialog: the thing you are told you cannot
dialog: do is the thing you must do.
dialog: Embrace that, and nothing created
dialog: by God can bring you down.
dialog: (long beat; then)
dialog: I would do anything to support that
dialog: kind of man.
text: On Bennet’s face now: not love but conviction. And he
text: surprises himself, by spontaneously embracing her. Holds onto
text: her. As if to keep her from floating away from him now. (And
dialog: maybe clinging to keep himself from sinking.)
dialog: And now off his face, we cut to--
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: ENTRY SIGN “WELCOME TO MOON TOWNSHIP”
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL a Rockwellian Americana. Partially-
text: birthed spread of faux McMansions. Foundations waiting for
dialog: homes.
text: Light mottled through the trees reflects off the windows of
text: Bennet’s car. As his Mercedes pulls past the sign. Their
text: faces in and out of light and shadow. Winding to--
scene_heading: EXT. EMPTY LOT - MOON TOWNSHIP - CONTINUOUS
text: Bennet pulls over at a virgin half-acre. Houses around it up
text: to the studs. Some are done. A handful occupied. 0O.S. WHINE
text: of aircraft - jet-wash - floating in. Slow parade of planes.
text: We're near the airport, under the flight path.
text: Bennet walks Prema onto the ground. She spins, wondering
dialog: where she’s supposed to look.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: What is this?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: This is my dream. The schools are
dialog: good.
dialog: (then)
dialog: And you are good, Prema. You are
dialog: the only thing in my life that is
dialog: not my work that I can understand.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 99
dialog: 100
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 66.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: (then)
dialog: I am sure you see good in me.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: I see good in you, Bennet. I see
dialog: all that you are.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I want to marry you.
dialog: (then)
dialog: We can fall in love.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: If you want to marry me, I will
dialog: marry you.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: That’s good. Because I already put
dialog: down the payment. I’ve saved all my
dialog: money. And now bought this for you.
text: What happens next is not quite a hug. And not quite a hand-
text: shake. An awkward transactional embrace. Now cut to--
scene_heading: NEWS CAMERA MONITOR: BENNET AT A LECTERN, SPEAKING INTO MICS
scene_heading: BENNET/CAMERA MONITOR
dialog: By the time he committed suicide,
text: Terry Long's brain was ruined.
dialog: People with CTE suffer from
dialog: depression, which can lead to
dialog: suicide attempts. Terry Long
dialog: committed suicide due to CTE, which
dialog: was a result of his long-term play.
dialog: The NFL is in denial--
dialog: (now we go to the live
dialog: version--)
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEGHENY COUNTY CORONER - PITTSBURGH - DAY
text: Bennet giving a news conference. Wecht and Hamilton flank
text: him. The cameras are mostly local news. We see Prema in the
dialog: b.g. under an awning, because--
text: It’s raining. But the crowd is still healthy.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: It is probable that a big
dialog: percentage of professional football
dialog: players have or will develop CTE,
dialog: and will die of it. Maybe even most
dialog: of them.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15
text: And on these words, we're FINDING faces in the crowd. Most
text: are distracted by the rain to take it all in. But one - a
text: YOUNG REPORTER in his 30's, leaning practically falling
dialog: forward to hear everything--
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: I suspect we will also start
text: finding it in and out of sports, in
dialog: all activities where head impact
dialog: happens--
speaker_heading: YOUNG REPORTER
dialog: (stunned)
dialog: Holy shit.
text: Rain picking up. Cameramen are packing.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: This might explain all kinds of
dialog: dysfunctional behavior. Why good
dialog: people go bad--
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: Any questions?
dialog: (not one, because--)
text: The news guys can’t get back to their trucks fast enough. All
text: kind of anti-climactic, as Bennet & Wecht make their way back
dialog: to Prema--
speaker_heading: WECHT (CONT’D)
dialog: No ignoring that. You’re going to
dialog: be an American hero.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: But I am not an American.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: Even better. That’s so fucking
dialog: American.
text: As Wecht keeps moving Bennet stops before Prema. On his face
text: a light, a look of mission.
dialog: And now, in PRE-LAP, we HEAR--
speaker_heading: PREMA (PRE-LAP)
dialog: (above the others)
dialog: My soul proclaims the greatness of
dialog: the Lord; my spirit rejoices in God
dialog: my savior. For he has looked upon
dialog: his handmaid's lowliness; behold,
dialog: from now on will all ages call me
dialog: blessed--!
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 103
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 68.
speaker_heading: OMIT
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: INT. ST. BENEDICT’S - PITTSBURGH - DAY
dialog: 
text: The Congregation flooding the aisles. Heading out. Prema
text: holds Bennet’s hand as they exit. Prema brings Bennet’s hand
text: to her forehead, like a sacrament. We clock an engagement
dialog: ring.
text: Bennet’s big easy smile around them. But he can’t get
text: traction - no one suddenly seems to be acknowledging them.
text: As the congregation pours out, Father D’Amico with a word for
dialog: everyone. Different Steelers lapel pins: “36-Bettis” & “51-
text: Farrior”. As Bennet and Prema head past--
speaker_heading: FATHER D’AMICO
dialog: Football and Dr. Bennet Omalu. Who
dialog: knew?
dialog: (his smile - what is its
dialog: quality?)
dialog: We saw you on the news. Quite a
dialog: splash.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: It isn’t about football, Father.
text: Mrs. Scott has discreetly come up alongside, with her
speaker_heading: HUSBAND, 50.)
speaker_heading: MR. SCOTT
dialog: Well, then it’s a question, on the
dialog: one hand, of the reputation of
dialog: certain men, and something that
dialog: brings our community - your
dialog: community - together. That gives
dialog: this city, and other cities, a
dialog: thing to face us all in the same
dialog: direction. And, on the other hand,
dialog: I suppose, if it’s really true,
dialog: this so-called disease.
dialog: (a quiet falls, then--)
speaker_heading: FATHER D’AMICO
dialog: Well, bless you both.
text: And they stand there alone and untouched. And as they turn to
dialog: leave--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 104
speaker_heading: A104
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 69.
speaker_heading: AUTHORITATIVE VOICE/TV (PRE-LAP)
dialog: There is no so-called concussion
dialog: “problem” in the NFL--
dialog: (and cut to)
scene_heading: INT. BREAK ROOM - ALLEGHENY COUNTY MEDICAL EXAMINER - DAY
dialog: 
text: Third-hand furniture. Three Techs lounging around the TV.
dialog: Chyron says: “NFL Commissioner Paul Tagliabue and Dr. Elliot
text: Pellman, Director of the NFL Medical Committee”. On his face,
text: mild amusement. Across from them, SPORTS WRITER/PERSONALITY.
speaker_heading: PELLMAN/TV
dialog: NFL football players are less
dialog: vulnerable to concussions and post-
dialog: concussion syndrome any more than
dialog: the general population.
dialog: In fact, professional football
dialog: players knocked unconscious can be
dialog: returned to play on the same day of
dialog: their injury without significant
dialog: risk.
dialog: Look, there’s no magic number for
dialog: how many concussions is too many
dialog: concussions. Concussions are just
dialog: an occupational risk.
speaker_heading: TAGLIABUE/TV
dialog: Concussions, I think, is one of
dialog: these pack journalism issues,
dialog: frankly. The problem is it’s a
dialog: journalist issue.
scene_heading: INT. CHINATOWN INN - DAY
text: And we find Bennet eating alone in a crappy little Chinese
text: joint. Next to under-oxygenated fish drifting in a foggy
text: tank. The TV behind the bar is on, sounds low, midday news.
text: As Bennet looks up and sees a clip of a 60-Minutes-style
dialog: interview on TV--
scene_heading: SPORTS PERSONALITY/TV
dialog: So where's the science coming from?
text: (and now INTERCUTTING from
dialog: yet another interview-)
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 105
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 70.
speaker_heading: PELLMAN/TV
dialog: From nowhere. Let’s be honest.
dialog: Whatever this Omalu wants his
dialog: science to say, NFL players are the
dialog: biggest, strongest, toughest men in
dialog: the world. They have evolved to a
dialog: state where their brains are
dialog: actually less susceptible to
dialog: injury. I actually send veterans
text: back in more quickly than rookies.
dialog: They know how to unscramble their
text: brains a little faster. A rookie
dialog: won't know what's happened to him
dialog: and will be a little panicky. The
dialog: veterans expect the hits. They want
dialog: the hits.
dialog: 
text: Bennet can’t believe what he just heard, maybe smiles a
text: little, notes LUNCHERS paying attention to all that. On their
text: faces: pensive appreciation, agreement. Bennet sobers. Pushes
text: away his untouched meal. Then--
text: As we start to HEAR a phone RINGING in PRE-LAP, we’re--
scene_heading: INT. BENNET’S CONDO - THAT DAY
text: And Bennet - just home - coat still on, leaning against the
text: kitchen table. The home phone ringing as--
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: (reading from the
dialog: Pittsburgh Post-Gazette)
dialog: “--Dr. Maroon, who is also vice
dialog: chairman of the neurosurgery
dialog: department at the University of
dialog: Pittsburgh Medical Center, said, of
dialog: Omalu’s CTE diagnoses, that it was
dialog: “fallacious reasoning.”
text: (and looks to the phone,
dialog: keeps going)
dialog: “To go back and say Long was
dialog: depressed from playing in the NFL
dialog: and that led to his death 14 years
dialog: later I think is purely
dialog: speculative.”
dialog: (and looks up from the
dialog: paper, at her man--)
dialog: It’s not easy to get what you want.
text: Bennet finally picks up the phone--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 70A.
speaker_heading: VOICE/PHONE (OVER)
dialog: (local, messy, possibly
dialog: drunk)
dialog: This Omalu?
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 71.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: This is Dr. Bennet Omalu--
speaker_heading: VOICE/PHONE (OVER)
dialog: I just want to tell you that this
dialog: is none of your goddamn business.
dialog: You want to pussify this country?
dialog: You want to vaginize football? Get
dialog: the hell out, or they’1ll be doing
dialog: your autopsy.
text: And Bennet, shaken, holding now a silent phone, and we cut to-
speaker_heading: BLACK SCREEN
text: Two rings, three. SNAP. Light comes on. We’re--
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - BENNET’S CONDO - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Bennet’s alone. Alarm clock reads 4AM.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (picks up)
dialog: Hello? Hello?
text: Now a pattern of clicks and hisses. Then silence. Now--
text: Tap Tap. Bennet whirls, jumpy. Branch scraping the window.
text: Bennet stops. Feels - what? Who? Goes to the window to look
text: outside. Car parked where cars park. One street lamp is out.
text: One car starts up, lights come on. And as it simply drives
dialog: away--
text: Something makes him turn. Fast. Prema. She’s right there.
dialog: She's always been right there.
text: She holds the blanket open for him. REVEALING her full self.
dialog: Let me protect you.
text: He slips in beside her. She wraps him in her arms.
scene_heading: INT. BENNET’S CONDO - 7AM
text: New rhythm to their morning. They’re shaken. She fixes
text: breakfast. He dresses. A humming fear. He’s tight.
text: Prema keeps the shade drawn. A bunker in here.
text: Bennet on his way out. She hands him his lunch. Then--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 72.
text: Phone rings. Again. They both look at it as at a ticking
text: bomb. Bennet picks up but says nothing. A voice we know--
speaker_heading: BAILES/PHONE (OVER)
dialog: Dr. Omalu?
dialog: (yes--)
dialog: I took you to be an early riser. I
dialog: didn’t want to call you at work.
dialog: (and we INTERCUT--)
scene_heading: 108 INT. KITCHEN - BAILES’ HOME - SIMULTANEOUS
dialog: 
text: Bailes in running shorts, shoes. Run-sweat. Pittsburgh and
text: New York papers on the table in front of him.
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: My name is Julian Bailes. Do you
dialog: know who I am? I was team doctor
dialog: for the Pittsburgh Steelers.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I know who you are.
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: Mike Webster was a personal friend.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Was he.
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: You're in trouble, Dr. Omalu. But
dialog: you're not wrong.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I'd like to talk to you.
speaker_heading: 109 OMIT
speaker_heading: 110 OMIT
scene_heading: 111 EXT. BAILES’ HOME - DAY
text: Traditional plantation home. Veranda and gables. Oak-lined
text: drive bisects a fairway-sized lawn. Yukon SUV and Porsche at
text: the end of it.
text: As Bennet comes up the long drive toward the massive home, he
dialog: takes it all in. So this is how they live.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 73.
text: Bailes comes out on the porch, waiting for him. Coming from a
text: distance, we sense in him a hostility held in reserve.
text: As Bennet stops, reaches for the sleeve of medical slides--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Is this a good idea?
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: You tell me.
scene_heading: INT. HOME OFFICE - BAILES’ HOME - DAY
dialog: 
text: Bennet with Bailes sitting around a work table. Coffee and
text: sandwiches. Bailes at his microscope. The sleeve of slides
text: open. Then backs away.
text: Then goes to his desk. Pulls out a folder of lab reports.
dialog: Photos. Illustrations. Graphs.
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: The NFL has known about the
dialog: concussion issue for years--
text: CLOSE ON THE REPORTS.
speaker_heading: BAILES (CONT'D)
dialog: What you’re looking at is the
dialog: research that formed the basis for
dialog: the League’s concussion guidelines.
dialog: In this study, some academics put
text: helmets on monkeys and shook them
dialog: real hard. Threw dogs and pigs and
text: human cadavers down elevator
dialog: shafts.
dialog: (picks up another one)
text: Helmets on crash test dummies and
dialog: bashed them together. Conclusion?
dialog: (reading--)
dialog: “No striking player experienced
dialog: neck injury or concussion.”
dialog: Concussions are as dangerous as a
dialog: hang-nail.
text: Bennet waits for more, then, disbelief--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: And that was it?
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: No. Then the NFL did what every big
dialog: organization does.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 74.
speaker_heading: BAILES (CONT'D)
dialog: They put together a commission to
dialog: study the studies. Dr. Elliot
dialog: Pellman’s Mild Traumatic Brain
dialog: Injury committee.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Mild - before they knew. Conclusion
dialog: first.
dialog: (then)
dialog: It’s the opposite of science.
text: (and Bailes looks at him,
dialog: Exactly)
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: Know who else is on that committee?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Dr. Maroon?
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: Joe, yeah, he’s on there. Plus
dialog: other team doctors. An equipment
dialog: manager.
dialog: (and)
dialog: And two trainers - guys who tape
dialog: knees for a living.
dialog: (then)
dialog: I was more interested in studying
dialog: actual human football players, who
dialog: could talk about their pain.
text: After a moment.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Why did you really want to see me,
dialog: Dr. Bailes?
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: Do you have any idea how many
dialog: Pittsburgh Steelers - just Steelers
dialog: - died in the last few years? I’m
dialog: not talking about older guys. I’m
dialog: talking about players I knew. And
dialog: just the ones I know about.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Twelve.
dialog: (--)
dialog: I don’t want to see any more of
text: these guys vanishing in the backs
text: of pick-up trucks.
dialog: (and we JUMP TO--)
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
speaker_heading: A112
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 75.
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD - BAILES’ HOME - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 
text: Overlooking a wide expanse of yard, lawn, pool, designer
text: garden. Bailes taking it all in.
text: Bennet studies Bailes. This is a man in pain. Bennet relaxes--—
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: I know them. I was them. You’re
dialog: doing this wrong.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: As long as the NFL denies the
dialog: truth, nothing changes.
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: (that’s right--)
dialog: If they say it’s not true, it’s not
dialog: true. They have to say it out loud.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I need to look the Commissioner in
dialog: the eyes. Get me a meeting. Face-to-
dialog: face, man-to-man. I cannot lose.
text: Pause. Bailes looks to Bennet. At his innocence. Then--
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: He doesn’t want to talk to you.
dialog: Football doesn’t want to talk to
dialog: you.
dialog: (because--)
dialog: Like my daddy - a Louisiana judge -
dialog: always said--
dialog: (holds up two fingers; and,
dialog: in an exaggerated
dialog: aristocratic southern
dialog: drawl)
dialog: ‘Son, God is number one’-
dialog: (now just one finger)
dialog: ‘And football is number two’.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You’re not even American. You're
dialog: not even African-American. You’re--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: A doctor.
text: Bailes smiles, a little embarrassed at himself. Then--
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: The NFL has kept everyone in the
dialog: dark.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 76.
speaker_heading: BAILES (CONT'D)
dialog: You have turned on the lights and
dialog: given its biggest bogeyman a name.
dialog: (leaning in)
dialog: And if they don’t get this reined-
dialog: in, everything they have,
dialog: everything they are, is vulnerable.
dialog: (then)
dialog: What’s happening now, what you
dialog: think they’re doing to you? Is
dialog: hothing. You have no idea how bad
dialog: this could get for you.
text: A long pause.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I did my own research on the NFL's
dialog: brain injury committee. You know
dialog: what Dr. Elliot Pellman is? He’s a
dialog: rheumatologist. He’s a specialist
dialog: in arthritis and joint pain. Can
dialog: you tell me what a rheumatologist
dialog: knows about the brain and brain
dialog: disease?
dialog: (and)
dialog: Corporate men like this, in this
dialog: country, come from Harvard and
dialog: Yale. But Pellman went to medical
dialog: school in Guadalajara.
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: Mexico? I didn’t know that. That’s
dialog: beautiful.
dialog: And looks at him - “I like you” -
speaker_heading: BAILES (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s unlikely I could get you in
dialog: front of them. But two cases aren’t
dialog: going to be enough. You have to
dialog: keep going.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Just so you understand. This
text: doesn’t show up on a CT scan. There
dialog: is no diagnosis before death. For
dialog: me to keep going more have to die.
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: Unfortunately, I no longer see a
dialog: scenario in which that isn’t
text: already happening.
dialog: (and we cut to--)
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 114
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 77.
scene_heading: EXT. GATED COMMUNITY - MOON TOWNSHIP - LATER THAT DAY
text: A plane lands behind Bennet and Prema stand before the Dream
text: House. Framing begun. Basement poured, waiting like an empty
dialog: pool.
text: Bennet checks the fence. Good strong fence. Good fences make
dialog: good neighbors.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: He’s one of them.
speaker_heading: BENNET
text: He’s in pain.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: Can we trust him?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I don’t think we have a choice.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: INT. CONFERENCE ROOM - NATIONAL FOOTBALL LEAGUE - MANHATTAN
text: Big bright glass room. Working committee of five bunkered
text: around a table covered in paperwork. Gathering up--
text: One breaks away: DAVE DUERSON. Handsome, muscular 48-year old
dialog: ex-defensive back, all-star warrior.
text: Hurries past us in the hall. Jones coming the other way--
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: (on the run)
dialog: Did I hear right? We’re losing you?
dialog: Tapping you for Mayor of Chicago?!
speaker_heading: DUERSON
dialog: Still a long long road, my friend-
dialog: (as Jones turns a corner-)
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: All-World killer athlete to
dialog: civilian to King, all in one
dialog: lifetime! Ladies and gentlemen, I
dialog: give you Mayor Dave Duerson! Who
dialog: has. Figured. It. Out!
text: And as Jones disappears we follow Duerson into the elevator-
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 78.
scene_heading: EXT. 280 PARK AVE - MANHATTAN - AFTERNOON RUSH
dialog: 
text: Duerson spins out of the NFL building.
speaker_heading: A VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Dave! It’s me, man. Andre Waters.
dialog: (jaw tightening, because-)
text: His way blocked by former d-back (like him), ANDRE WATERS. 44
text: but looks 60. Rough road. Bloated. Sweaty.
speaker_heading: DUERSON
dialog: How you doin man?
dialog: (knows all too well)
speaker_heading: WATERS
dialog: Let me walk with you.
dialog: (Duerson grits this out)
dialog: I’m not good. It was all in the
dialog: paperwork.
dialog: (so desperate can’t do the
dialog: small talk)
dialog: But why’s the committee doing this?
speaker_heading: DUERSON
dialog: There are five other trustees. You
dialog: talk to them?
speaker_heading: WATERS
dialog: You’re the only one who played. Who
dialog: knows. What it is to be us--
dialog: (can’t deny that either;
dialog: tries to keep going)
dialog: You and me were the same. Bangers.
dialog: Hitmen.
speaker_heading: DUERSON
dialog: File the appeal.
speaker_heading: WATERS DUERSON (CONT'D)
dialog: You denied the appeal. You look alright--
text: (manic, sweaty, hands
dialog: can’t stop moving)
dialog: Something’s wrong with me,
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: WATERS
dialog: Can't sleep. Eyes get crossed, it’s
dialog: freaky, my right eye’s pinned left
dialog: and my left’s pinned right. Weirds
dialog: me out sometimes.
dialog: (Duerson’s aching for
dialog: daylight)
dialog: Dave, look at me, man.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
speaker_heading: + eH
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 79.
speaker_heading: WATERS (CONT'D)
text: (and gets in front of
dialog: Duerson)
speaker_heading: DUERSON
dialog: Jesus.
speaker_heading: WATERS
dialog: I paid dues twelve years! Made
dialog: millions for those assholes. It’s
dialog: not even your money. I’m just
dialog: asking back what I gave--
speaker_heading: DUERSON
dialog: (exploding now right there
dialog: on Park Ave)
dialog: Fat? Stop eating like a pig. Gotta
dialog: headache? See a doctor--
speaker_heading: WATERS
dialog: Been to twenty doctors! Just need
dialog: rent money--
speaker_heading: DUERSON
dialog: Get your shit together! You were a
dialog: warrior! Get your hands off me!
dialog: (Waters is palming him)
speaker_heading: WATERS
dialog: ‘Deny, deny, hope they die.’ That’s
dialog: what we say about you. Your goddamn
dialog: motto.
dialog: (--)
dialog: Dave, I’m sorry. Remember? When we
dialog: were kids, playin is what we lived,
dialog: for, man!
dialog: (talking to Duerson’s back
dialog: because--)
dialog: Duerson performing that move they teach d-backs Day 1 in
text: camp, swim past the block at line of scrimmage to destroy the
text: QB. And Duerson swims past Waters down Park--
speaker_heading: WATERS (CONT'D)
dialog: I don’t got another play left!
dialog: Dave!
dialog: (then)
dialog: Somebody help me!
text: --now leaving Waters to watch Duerson vanish until he’s
text: alone, holding his head because the migraine has come, in a
dialog: sea of strangers who have no fucking clue who he ever was,
dialog: nor will they ever care. And we cut to--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 80.
scene_heading: PIXILATED NEWSPAPER PORTRAIT OF ANDRE WATERS
dialog: 
dialog: --in Philadelphia Eagles jersey. Playing days: chiseled;
text: direct gaze of a carnivore. PULL BACK TO REVEAL--
text: “Eagles Defensive Back Andre Waters, 44, commits suicide”--
text: The paper in Wecht’s hands. Wecht standing outside Bennet’s
text: little office, as Bennet walks up in his scrubs--
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: (reading to Bennet)
dialog: “--known as ‘Dirty Waters’,
dialog: notorious for his aggressive style
dialog: of play--
dialog: (and FLASH TO--)
text: FOOTAGE OF A HORIZONTAL WATERS LIKE A FLYING SPEAR IMPALING A
text: RECEIVER WITH THE CROWN OF HIS HELMET
dialog: 
dialog: Otherwise MUTE, under--
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: Devastating hits that filled
dialog: highlight reels ... died of a self-
dialog: inflicted gunshot wound to the
dialog: head.”
text: Wecht looks up at Bennet. And as he hands him the paper and
dialog: leaves him standing there--
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - RURAL FLORIDA - DAY
dialog: 
text: The poor Cracker South. Crabgrass pushing through sandy
text: scrub. Eagles balloons rise from the coffin. A propped photo
dialog: of Waters from playing days.
text: CAMERA FINDS BENNET at the edge of the crowd. He's clocked by
text: a league REPRESENTATIVE in a suit. Now an ex-PLAYER or three.
text: First time Bennet’s been face-to-face with the live humans
text: involved. And it feels like a mistake. Flop-sweaty, he turns
dialog: to go. While--
text: O.S. someone starts coming at him through the tombstones. Big
text: MAN, AFRICAN-AMERICAN. Big strides. Extreme emotion on his
text: face. Fury? Fear? Bennet spots him, spots that, picks up his
text: pace. Big guy closing in. Running for the car now--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 120
dialog: 119*
dialog: Al21
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 81.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Hey! Get over here--!
dialog: (on top of Bennet now,
dialog: breathing labored)
dialog: Why’d you do that, man?
text: Bennet terrified, braces to be hit. Or something. But the man
text: doubles over, trying to catch breath.
speaker_heading: MAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Christ--
dialog: (out of breath)
dialog: You were leaving. But Andre's
dialog: mother. You wanted to talk to
dialog: Andre's mother, right?
dialog: (INTERCUTTING with--)
scene_heading: INT. BAILES’ HOME - EVENING
text: Bailes at his desk, bathed in computer light, solitary
text: contemplation. Mindlessly stirring his drink with his finger.
text: And we PULL AROUND Bailes’ head and over his shoulder on WHAT
text: HE'S SEEING: a picture of Strzelczyk. Now--
scene_heading: INT. WATERS FAMILY HOME - SUNNY ISLE, FL - DAY
text: Neat. Devout. Family pictures. Legions of grandchildren.
text: Bennet sitting adjacent to WATERS’ MOTHER, 70.
text: They're watching a DVD of an Eagles game ON THE TV:
text: Waters getting hit so hard he lays on the ground,
text: unconscious. Then is helped up. Then wanders toward the
text: opposing sideline. Then is led back straight to the huddle,
text: staggering through the next play.
text: Waters’ mother watches Bennet watch. She’s seen it a hundred
text: times. She wants to watch Bennet’s reaction. Alternatively
text: volcanic with grief, and letting rays of light burn through--
speaker_heading: WATERS’ MOTHER
dialog: He said he was alright. He said he
text: was dazed for a minute then he was
dialog: alright--
dialog: (--)
scene_heading: EXT. COFFEE SHOP - PITTSBURGH - DAY
dialog: 
text: Bailes pulls up in his Porsche, parks. Crosses the street.
text: Gritty industrial Pittsburgh.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 121
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 82.
text: A woman in the window feels him, turns: a changed Keana
text: Strzelczyk. Thinner. Tired. As Bailes hesitates, then goes
dialog: in, we go back to--
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. WATERS FAMILY HOME - SUNNY ISLE, FL
dialog: 
dialog: Bennet and Mrs. Waters.
speaker_heading: WATERS’ MOTHER
dialog: Let me tell you about my son. We
dialog: used to call him Spanky. His daddy
dialog: gave him that name--
text: And reaches in her bag
speaker_heading: WATERS’ MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m going to read you something.
dialog: The last thing he wrote me.
dialog: (reading from a letter)
dialog: “,..There isn’t a day that goes by
dialog: that I don’t thank God for blessing
dialog: me with you as my mom. Happy
dialog: Mother’s Day. Your son, Andre M.
dialog: Waters.”
dialog: (then)
dialog: His signing bonus, he bought me
dialog: this house. He bought all his
dialog: brothers cars. He was the sun and
dialog: we were planets.
text: Bennet’s eyes closed, nodding, feeling Andre’s presence.
speaker_heading: WATERS’ MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: After he gave me this card, he
dialog: said, “Ma, I’m ready to go.” He
dialog: knew people started thinking he was
dialog: crazy.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Not crazy. He’d already become
dialog: someone else--
text: And she looks at him. Her eyes welling up. Anger.
speaker_heading: WATERS’ MOTHER BENNET (CONT'D)
text: Suicide. He took it out of He was sick.
dialog: God’s hands.
speaker_heading: WATERS’ MOTHER
dialog: He definitely had this disease?
dialog: Because I want to believe that.
dialog: Because you’re not supposed to put
dialog: your own child in the ground.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 122
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 83.
speaker_heading: WATERS’ MOTHER (CONT'D)
dialog: Nature’s not supposed to work that
dialog: way.
dialog: (--)
dialog: Now. You want what’s left of my
dialog: son? Because Dr. Omalu, I don't
dialog: want to feel another thing I have
dialog: to survive. Don’t let me feel hope,
dialog: then not have this come out right.
dialog: (and takes his hand)
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I understand, yes--
text: And Bennet slides next to her. Takes a knee. Bows, prays. She
text: prays. She’s crying. Now he’s crying. Then--
speaker_heading: WATERS’ MOTHER BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: Heavenly Father, you know And please lead us to the
dialog: every heart. Please mend our truth. Soothe this family
dialog: souls. with your grace.
speaker_heading: WATERS’ MOTHER
dialog: In Jesus’ name, Amen.
text: Then she abruptly stands. Drying her eyes.
speaker_heading: WATERS’ MOTHER (CONT’D)
dialog: I’m going to get us some coffee.
dialog: (and exits, and back to--)
scene_heading: EXT. COFFEE SHOP - PITTSBURGH
text: We find Bailes & Keana at a table outside, under the awning.
text: It’s cool. Neither feel it. Their breath ballooning in front
dialog: of their faces--
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: You look good. How are the kids?
scene_heading: KEANA STRZELCZYK
dialog: The kids are fine. I am fine. What
dialog: do you want?
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: I’m sorry I couldn’t make the
dialog: funeral.
scene_heading: KEANA STRZELCZYK
dialog: No one made it to the funeral.
dialog: Then.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
speaker_heading: A122
dialog: 125
dialog: 126
dialog: 127
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 84.
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: You heard about Mike Webster.
text: And she just looks at him. She heard.
scene_heading: KEANA STRZELCZYK
dialog: And Terry Long. And and and. And
dialog: who else?
dialog: What do you really want to ask me,
dialog: Julian?
dialog: (and now a hard cut to--)
speaker_heading: OMIT
speaker_heading: (123 & 124 ARE NOW A81 & B81)
text: BENNET WALKING IN DARKNESS
text: Following him through a lightless basement passage. All we
text: HEAR, his footsteps, the thrum of a boiler, hum of fans.
text: Then - BANG! - he shoves at a door. Bailes is standing out
text: there in the night in the rain. Bennet lets Bailes enter, and-
scene_heading: INT. ALLEGHENY COUNTY CORONER - NIGHT
text: Bennet leads Bailes through the underground tunnel, through a
dialog: warren of basement labs, to--
scene_heading: INT. BASEMENT LAB - ALLEGHENY COUNTY CORONER
text: --where Wecht is waiting in the half-dark. Around them, the
text: silhouettes of fresh bodies for tomorrow.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (introducing)
dialog: This is Dr. Wecht.
text: Bailes shakes his hand. We’re TIGHT ON WECHT. He’s not so
dialog: sure about Bailes - friend of enemy, fish or fowl?
text: Bennet hands Bailes a short stack of slides.
text: Hands Bailes a short stack of slides.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT’D)
dialog: Andre Waters.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 85.
text: Bailes goes to the microscope. Bows, peers in.
dialog: Now Bennet hands him--
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT’D)
dialog: Justin Strzelczyk.
text: Long pause as Bailes looks and looks at the one slide.
text: Bennet stirs. Glances worriedly into the dark. Where the
text: bodies are waiting. As if he’s heard something. He mumbles,
text: “I’m sorry,” moves closer to the others, gives the angry
dialog: corpses room. (We see all this. And Wecht does. Bailes
dialog: doesn’t. Because he doesn’t know to.)
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: (in his own world)
dialog: I just kept sending him back out
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: What were you thinking?
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: You have to be part of all that.
text: Down there on the sidelines with
dialog: them. Whatever it takes to keep
dialog: them in the game. To keep it all
dialog: going. Tape, needles, Vicodin,
dialog: Torodol, Lidocaine, Percocet.
dialog: (and)
dialog: Lexapro. Zoloft.
text: (they’re looking at him,
dialog: then--)
dialog: Tires. Oil. You’re a mechanic
text: keeping the race cars on the track.
text: Pause there. Then, hearing himself, how that sounded. Bailes
text: looks at Bennet. But--
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: That’s not medicine. I don’t know
dialog: what that is.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: It’s business.
dialog: (they look at him)
dialog: It’s just business.
text: And there it is. And then what he’s been waiting for:
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: Three cases is the scientific
dialog: burden of evidence. We have four.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 128
dialog: 130*
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 86.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT’D)
dialog: (and now)
dialog: We are past what the NFL can and
dialog: cannot deny. It’s bigger than they
dialog: are. Now they have to listen to us.
text: Bailes. Conflicted. Resigned. Defeated.
scene_heading: OMIT (129 MOVED TO AFTER 130)
scene_heading: INT. ALTIUS RESTAURANT - PITTSBURGH - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Atop Mt. Washington, perched high over the wishbone
dialog: confluence of the Ohio, Allegheny and Monongahela Rivers. The
text: massive stadium where the Steelers play. And the Pittsburgh
text: skyline.
text: We find Bennet and Bailes at a four-top by the picture
text: window. Each has a drink. It’s llpm. Bennet looking through
text: the reflections of staff cleaning up. Bailes off into space.
text: They've been sitting for a couple hours. Bailes looks to his
dialog: watch, Goddammit--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: He wanted to do this two hours ago.
text: And now a reflection in the window turns Bennet. Joe Maroon
text: is crossing toward them. Hesitates at the table, takes a
text: chair on Bailes’ side.
text: A beat of them all together, silent. Maroon doesn’t
dialog: apologize.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: Would you like a drink?
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: I said five minutes.
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: He doesn’t want a drink.
dialog: (and Maroon goes right into
dialog: it--)
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: Your conclusions are a total
dialog: misinterpretation of facts. To say
dialog: Webster and Long and Waters were
dialog: killed by football is--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 87.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Fallacious reasoning. Yes, I know.
dialog: And maybe you haven’t heard, Dr.
text: Maroon. But the world is not flat.
text: Maroon vibrates with rage.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: (to Bailes)
dialog: Where’s he going with this?
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: Just hear him out--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I want to propose a formal
dialog: controlled study. Bring together
dialog: the best minds in America. We
dialog: should be working together.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: Who do you think you're talking to?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: I was President of the Congress of
dialog: Neurological Surgeons.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Yes. And I was the doctor who
dialog: performed the autopsies of Mike
dialog: Webster and Terry Long. Your men.
dialog: Your men under your care.
dialog: (he has Maroon’s attention)
dialog: Do you know what Mike Webster's
dialog: wife said? If she knew he was sick,
dialog: if she knew what he’d become was
dialog: this disease, she would have been
dialog: nicer to him.
text: But he died. Everything broken.
dialog: Their lives ruined.
dialog: (then)
dialog: You took an oath. Tell the truth!
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: The truth? The truth is the
dialog: National Football League is a
dialog: salvation! It employs hundreds of
dialog: thousands of people. We’ve sent
text: thousands of kids to school.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 88.
speaker_heading: MAROON (CONT'D)
dialog: We ship players to war zones to
dialog: entertain the troops--
text: (nods down at Heinz Field,
dialog: and crescendoing--)
dialog: The ownership of this football club
dialog: has given millions to charity. The
dialog: NFL runs clinics on child obesity.
dialog: You want me to go on?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: It’s not necessary--
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: It is necessary. Some of our
dialog: players would be what without the
dialog: NFL? Where would their kids be? Do
dialog: you know where most of these guys
dialog: would be?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Alive.
text: Maroon looks at him, exasperated.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: The NFL is the most popular sport
dialog: in America because it is goddamn
dialog: fantastic. You think they make
dialog: people play? People want to play.
dialog: (point outside, down there,
dialog: at Heinz Field, glowing)
text: Right there is the beating heart of
dialog: this city. Not the symphony. Not
dialog: the ballet. Every city the Steelers
dialog: play in, it’s the same.
dialog: What do you want us to do, end it?
dialog: Fold the National Football League?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (he’s not even answering
dialog: that question--)
dialog: Solve the problem. Solve. The
dialog: Problem.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: Who are you?
dialog: (to Bailes)
text: He performs autopsies. He's a
dialog: pathologist--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Yes, a mere pathologist. That is
dialog: so.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 89.
text: Long heavy silence. Then--
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: And what if he’s right? What if
dialog: it’s true?
text: Maroon HOLDS Bailes in place with a glare. Then, back to
dialog: Bennet-—
dialog: Yes--
dialog: Pause,
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: Do you understand the impact of
dialog: what you're doing?
speaker_heading: BENNET MAROON (CONT'D)
dialog: (forceful; angry again)
dialog: Do you understand the impact.
dialog: Of what you are doing?
dialog: (because obviously
dialog: Bennet could not
dialog: possibly)
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I said I did--
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: Let me tell you. Because you
dialog: clearly do not.
dialog: (now)
dialog: If just 10-percent of mothers in
dialog: America--
dialog: (and stops, gathers
dialog: himself)
dialog: Did you ever play football?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: It taught me everything I know
dialog: about loyalty, teamwork, endurance,
dialog: sacrifice.
dialog: (then, leaning in)
dialog: If 10-percent of mothers in America
dialog: decide football is too dangerous
dialog: for their sons to play, that’s it.
text: It is the end of football. Kids.
dialog: Colleges. Eventually, it’s just a
dialog: matter of time, the professional
dialog: game.
dialog: then--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 90.
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: Joe. He’s not in the outcome
dialog: business.
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: He has no business--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: And do you know what history does
dialog: to people - trained physicians -
dialog: who ignore science-- ?
text: Maroon tries to interject.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: SIR, I AM NOT DONE--!
text: Maroon shocked to silence.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT’D)
dialog: History laughs!
dialog: (then)
dialog: Deny my work, the world will deny
dialog: it. But men will continue to die.
dialog: And families will go on being
dialog: destroyed.
text: Maroon looks hard to Bailes, then Bennet. And his proposal--
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: Are you sure you want to do this?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I could ask you the same question.
dialog: (a pause, then--)
speaker_heading: MAROON
dialog: I’1ll get back to you.
dialog: (and fast he’s out of his
dialog: seat and heading out--)
text: Leaving Bennet and Bailes alone. A long moment of silence.
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: Well, that went well.
text: And the two of them are left staring down at Heinz Field
text: rising massive like the Roman Coliseum out of the city’s
text: beating heart. Now we START TO HEAR IN PRE-LAP--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 129
dialog: 131
dialog: 132
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 91.
speaker_heading: JONES (PRE-LAP)
dialog: (reading)
dialog: --After examining the remains of
dialog: former National Football League
dialog: player Andre Waters, a
dialog: neuropathologist in Pittsburgh, Dr.
dialog: Bennet Omalu, is claiming that Mr.
dialog: Waters had sustained brain damage
dialog: from playing football and he says
dialog: that led to his depression and
dialog: ultimate death--
dialog: (continuing over--)
scene_heading: INT. COMMISSIONER'S SUITE - NFL OFFICES - DAY
dialog: 
text: Jones stands before Tagliabue, reading the paper aloud.
speaker_heading: OMIT
speaker_heading: OMIT
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: It gets worse.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Dr. Julian Bailes, medical director
dialog: for the Center for the Study of
dialog: Retired Athletes and the chairman
dialog: of the department of neurosurgery
dialog: at West Virginia University, said,
dialog: “Unfortunately, I’m not shocked.”
dialog: (looks up--)
dialog: There’s more Omalu. More Bailes.
speaker_heading: TAGLIABUE
dialog: Bailes. Why do I know that name?
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Steelers team doctor. Neurologist
dialog: for the Players Association.
speaker_heading: TAGLIABUE
dialog: Oh wow.
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: Yeah. Wow.
dialog: (then)
dialog: The Times is calling it a potential
dialog: epidemic. Paul. It’s not the Sports
dialog: section. Not Science. A-l. Front
dialog: page. New York Times. Above the
dialog: fold.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 133
dialog: 134
dialog: 135
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 92.
scene_heading: INT. BOARD ROOM - NFL HEADQUARTERS - DAY
text: TRACK Tagliabue and Jones crossing from their suite to a set
text: of heavy oak doors. The doors open, and as they enter, we
text: GLIMPSE over their shoulder a long luxurious table encircled
text: by a dozen WHITE MEN waiting in grim silence. You can smell
dialog: the privilege, the power. Ownership. And as the doors close
dialog: us out--
scene_heading: JONES AT A LECTERN
speaker_heading: JONES
dialog: --his 17 years as Commissioner of
dialog: the National Football League
dialog: comprised the most lucrative and
dialog: stabilizing reign perhaps in the
dialog: history of pro sports--
dialog: (and we PULL BACK to reveal
dialog: we’re--)
scene_heading: INT. BREAK ROOM - ALLEGHENY COUNTY MEDICAL EXAMINER - DAY
text: Wecht, Sullivan and the Techs, all watching the TV, and a
text: hastily arranged “press conference”.
text: Bennet enters.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: Nice going, Bennet. You killed off
dialog: the commish.
text: Bennet confused, elated. As, to Jones’ left we now see
text: Tagliabue. To his right is incoming Commissioner ROGER
text: GOODELL, 47 and sandy-haired.
speaker_heading: TAGLIABUE/TV
dialog: Roger has worked for the NFL since
dialog: he was 21.
dialog: He lives football, breathes
dialog: football, but he’s younger, more
dialog: handsome--
dialog: (laughter, then, serious--)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 93.
speaker_heading: TAGLIABUE/TV (CONT'D)
dialog: And understands how to take
text: ‘America’s Game’ into the future.
dialog: There is a new sheriff in town--
text: Upon which Wecht walks in.
text: As Goodell takes the lectern. Folksy, telegenic in that
dialog: Clintonesque way.
text: Sullivan & Wecht exchange a look.
speaker_heading: GOODELL/TV
dialog: The NFL isn’t just a sports league.
dialog: It’s an entertainment product. What
dialog: I’m here to do now, my main
dialog: responsibility, is to protect the
dialog: shield, America’s Game.
dialog: (the NFL logo)
dialog: --I want us to go on enjoying our
dialog: great game knowing our kids love
dialog: it, respect it, never stop having
dialog: fun--
speaker_heading: BENNET
text: They heard. They’re listening.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: Sure. Morning in America. A new day
dialog: in the NFL.
dialog: (TIGHT on Goodell;
dialog: sarcastic)
dialog: He looks like your drinking buddy.
text: While, on TV, Pellman appears, glum, beside Goodell.
speaker_heading: WECHT (CONT’D)
dialog: And there’s your buddy, Pellman,
text: again. The knee man from
dialog: Guadalajara.
dialog: (and leaves, as)
speaker_heading: BROADCAST/TV (OVER)
dialog: Roger Goodell’s been at the
dialog: forefront of every major decision
dialog: the NFL has made over the past
dialog: dozen years. His biggest challenge
dialog: now? Keeping the good times rolling
dialog: for a $6-billion a year business.
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: You're screwed now.
dialog: (and walks out)
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 94,
speaker_heading: GRACIE
text: Julian Bailes is on the phone--
text: And Bennet crosses to the phone, picks up--
speaker_heading: BAILES/PHONE (OVER)
dialog: Turn on the TV.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: I'm watching it right now.
speaker_heading: BAILES/PHONE (OVER)
text: He’s shaking up Pellman’s brain
dialog: injury committee. They’re asking
dialog: for a concussion summit, a full
dialog: presentation. In Chicago. Next
dialog: week.
text: On Bennet’s face--
speaker_heading: BAILES/PHONE (OVER) (CONT'D)
dialog: We have our chance, Bennet.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: EXT. WESTIN HOTEL - O’HARE AIRPORT - CHICAGO -
scene_heading: NIGHT/ESTABLISHING
text: One of the big ones out by the airport. Constant whine of jet-—
text: wash. It’s snowing. Really starting to come down.
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY/BAR - WESTIN HOTEL - O'HARE AIRPORT - LATE NIGHT
text: Generic franchise room. Muzak, formica tabletops and mid-
text: layover SALESMEN.
text: We find Bennet and Bailes in a corner booth doing a
text: presentation run-through. Laptop open on Power Point. Bennet
text: on his second drink. Bailes into maybe his third. Looking at
text: it all as if at blueprints for D-Day. Bennet jacked. Bailes
text: knows half his men are going to perish.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (reciting)
dialog: “The facts speak for themselves.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 95.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: These brains, strangled by protein
text: unleashed by repetitive head trauma
dialog: related to football, tell an
dialog: irrefutable story--”
dialog: (and looks up, Good?)
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: Maybe throw in some football stuff.
dialog: Not medical terms. Things we say--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Why do I need to say what they say?
dialog: I thought that’s why we’re here.
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: You have, what, seven degrees?
dialog: Eight? You're one of the smartest
dialog: people they’1l ever meet.
dialog: You know what? You’ll be fine.
text: Bennet takes Bailes in.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: How about you? What will you be?
text: Bailes fumbling with an INSERT picture of MIKE WEBSTER, bent,
text: half-squatting, eyes tethered to the eyes of the nose-guard
text: in his face, furiously focused. And now a TIGHT on Bailes. As
text: we PUSH IN, his face growing in frame--
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: It can be a boring, violent, stupid
dialog: game. And it can be Shakespeare.
dialog: The game looks like life. I know
dialog: you can’t see how beautiful that
dialog: all is - I don’t blame you.
dialog: (then, reverie done)
dialog: But this isn’t fun for me. Everyone
dialog: we're going to see tomorrow I know
dialog: personally. That feeling you get
dialog: when someone you love and respect
dialog: screws you over? They will have it.
dialog: And there’s not a damn thing I can
dialog: do about it.
text: We’re in on his eyes now. Maybe what he’s seeing. And out of
dialog: his reverie--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: You already did that yourself.
dialog: (Bailes looks up, What?)
dialog: When you picked up the phone.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 95a.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: And you called me.
dialog: (now-- )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 96.
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: Christ. They’re here.
text: Bennet confused, follows Bailes’ gaze to the bar. Where a
text: cluster of NFL officials have arrived. Pellman, Maroon,
dialog: Jones, couple others. Pellman the schlubby one.
text: Goodell crosses and joins them for a word with Jones. Jones
text: whispers in Goodell’s ear. Maroon pivots, turns his back,
text: waving for the bartender. Says something to Pellman. Pellman
dialog: laughs.
speaker_heading: BAILES (CONT'D)
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: He’s such an ass.
text: But opaque, tight, Bailes shuts the laptop. On his face, the
dialog: violent collision of choice and consequences.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: We better get some sleep.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - WESTIN O’HARE - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Bennet’s sitting on the bed against the wall in his clothes.
text: We're TIGHT on his face. A kind of nervous excitement and
dialog: dread. He will not sleep tonight.
text: And we HEAR a firm RAP on the door, and Bennet’s head turns,
dialog: and we cut to--
scene_heading: HIS HOTEL ROOM DOOR - MORNING
text: It opens. Bailes is standing in the hall in a suit. And we
text: SWING AROUND and find Bennet in the same. Cinching his tie.
text: It’s the next morning. Bennet’s suit is immaculate. Pocket
text: square. There’s an ironing board out. He’s freshly ironed
text: everything. He’s nervous as shit.
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: We need to talk.
text: Bailes steps in. His expression like he just bit down on
text: something rancid.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: What’s wrong?
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: There’s no easy way to say this so
dialog: I’m just going to say it.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 97.
speaker_heading: BAILES (CONT'D)
dialog: They aren’t going to let you speak.
dialog: They don’t even want you in the
dialog: room.
dialog: I told you. They will not accept
dialog: you as the face of this issue.
dialog: (--)
dialog: They want me to do it.
text: Pause. Bennet shocked. Rocked.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: One of their own.
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: BENNET BAILES (CONT'D)
dialog: They want to pretend-- You don’t exist.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: You said Goodell is good--
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: They still have to sit there and
dialog: listen.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: To you.
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: Yes, me. You blew up their world.
speaker_heading: BENNET BAILES (CONT'D)
dialog: And yours. Yes. Mine.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: And how can an African know this
dialog: subject better than them?
text: Bennet looks at him a long moment. Fish or fowl? Us/them?
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: Or better than you?
text: Bailes stunned. Confused. Now livid, explodes--
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: (that power/hostility held
dialog: in reserve surfacing--)
dialog: Wait a second ... You think this is
dialog: about Bennet Omalu? I’m not here
dialog: for you. I’m here because people
dialog: are dying--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 141
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: You're here for redemption! You're
dialog: here to use me to cleanse your
dialog: sins!
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: You self-righteous bastard! Do you
dialog: have any idea what I could have,
dialog: how much I could have, if I went
dialog: back to my side of the ball? Just
dialog: kept quiet? Everything in my world
dialog: is telling me not to agree with
dialog: you. Except one thing - science. So
dialog: I’m here. Not down there in that
dialog: audience. Up here, beside you. What
dialog: do_you want from me? How much more
dialog: can I do?
dialog: 
text: And HOLD on them a long beat. And Bailes is right. And Bennet
dialog: knows it, is ashamed. And is going to take it in the ass
dialog: because it’s the only thing to do--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: You're right, I’m sorry. Go. Take
dialog: it. All of it. And you convince
dialog: them, Julian--
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: I'm sorry-
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Convince them, Julian--
text: (and as Bailes turns and
dialog: marches down the hall)
dialog: Convince them!
dialog: (now cut to--)
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL FOYER - DAY
text: The huge, weird hub of three different enormous conference
text: rooms. Empty. A MAINTENANCE PERSON is pushing a vacuum.
text: Bennet stands against one of those removable accordion walls.
text: Trying not to look at his reflection in the wall of mirrors.
text: Trying not to stare at the double doors to the conference
dialog: room. Where it’s all happening.
text: Pacing now.
text: As a BEEFY PLAINCLOTHES SECURITY GUARD (NFL? Hotel?) crosses
text: the expanse, approaching--—
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 99.
speaker_heading: SECURITY
dialog: Sir, this is a private function.
dialog: You're not supposed to be in this
dialog: area.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: You're right, I’m supposed to be in
dialog: there--
dialog: (in THERE, past the big
dialog: dude )
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SECURITY
dialog: I’m going to have to ask you step
text: away and return to the lobby with
text: the other guests.
text: (and he’s in Bennet’s face
dialog: now)
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Don’t put your hands on me! Get
dialog: your hands off me!
text: Now the double doors push open at us. Football officialdom is
text: on its feet in there and starts to pours out. Bennet’s POV
text: locks on the one black man.
text: Duerson, vibrating with rage. Right up in Bennet’s face--
speaker_heading: DUERSON
dialog: My father can’t remember a goddamn
dialog: thing. And he never played a day of
text: football. He was too busy working.
dialog: In a factory. You quack. You think
dialog: I’m some boy you can control? Take
dialog: your bullshit science, go back to
dialog: Africa, and get away from our game--
dialog: (and moves on, and--)
text: Bennet, stunned, can see Pellman back in the conference room
dialog: with Goodell and Jones--
text: And Jones looks up, and they HOLD a look. And we're in SLO-
text: MO, and Jones slowly blinks, turns away, and--
text: The doors swing close, leaving Bennet looking at Bailes.
text: Bailes is sweaty. Stunned. Like he’d been punched in the
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: Roger Goodell just said Justin
dialog: Strzelczyk may have gotten his
dialog: concussions swimming. In a swimming
dialog: pool.
dialog: (then)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 144
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 100.
speaker_heading: BAILES (CONT'D)
dialog: It was a set-up. They needed to say
dialog: they heard us. So they can goddamn
dialog: bury us.
text: Bennet HEARS nothing but a low-grade hum. Bailes slips out of
text: frame as Bennet floats past Bailes into--
speaker_heading: OMIT
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CONFERENCE ROOM
text: And stops. Because Goodell, Pellman, Maroon and Jones are
text: setting up for a summing-up. News conference. National
text: cameras. Background with NFL logo hung dropped behind the
text: lectern. As Goodell takes his place, adjusts his mic--
speaker_heading: GOODELL
dialog: This is an important day in the
dialog: National Football League. We’ve had
dialog: some very good dialogue, which will
dialog: help us improve the care for our
dialog: players.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 1
dialog: What do you think when you hear
dialog: about former NFL players who are
dialog: suffering from symptoms that have
dialog: only been seen in boxers or people
dialog: over 80-years old? What does that
dialog: say about the effect of concussions
dialog: on players?
speaker_heading: GOODELL
dialog: I’m not a doctor here. But you have
dialog: to look at their entire medical
dialog: history. From my standpoint, not
dialog: being a doctor, that just makes
dialog: logical sense. You’re seeing some
dialog: great scientists and doctors, who
dialog: have done terrific work in this
dialog: area, sharing information. They
dialog: don’t all agree. The NFL has had a
dialog: committee of expert doctors and
dialog: scientists going on this for 14
dialog: years. This is an evolving science
dialog: and that’s okay.
text: We're pushing in on Bennet, listening to all this, watching
text: it all evaporate. Pellman jumping in--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 145
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 101.
speaker_heading: PELLMAN
dialog: While I agree with the
dialog: Commissioner, as I was discussing
dialog: with other NFL medical personal, no
dialog: empirically determined proof was
dialog: presented today. Because there
dialog: simply isn’t any. The truth is -
dialog: and we will be delivering this
dialog: directive to our players - that
dialog: current research with professional
dialog: athletes has not shown that having
dialog: More than one or two concussions
dialog: leads to permanent problems, if
dialog: each injury is managed properly.
dialog: 
text: Bennet starts to back away, as--
scene_heading: REPORTER 2 GOODELL
dialog: Are you comfortable with the I don’t know about
dialog: level of care for former comfortable. I’m not sure I
dialog: players? understand what you mean.
text: Bennet turning now, exiting as the news conference drones on--
speaker_heading: REPORTER 1 (0.S.)
dialog: Do you think the league is
dialog: currently doing enough for players,
dialog: or do you think you can do more--?
text: And as the pile-on grows and crescendoes, and now FADES,
scene_heading: FADING IN, in PRE-LAP--
speaker_heading: NFL FILMS NARRATOR (PRE-LAP)
dialog: (operatic baritone)
dialog: From whistle to gun, there are
dialog: enough major collisions in pro
dialog: football to stock a junkyard for a
dialog: century--
text: Bennet has left the room, gone, the doors flapping behind him-
speaker_heading: NFL FILMS PROMO REEL (4-WALLED)
text: Two BALTIMORE RAVENS ready for a play by BUTTING HELMETS
text: repeatedly. This SLO-MO, under a swelling elegaic score, as
dialog: if two mythic rams. Now--
speaker_heading: NFL FILMS NARRATOR (OVER)
dialog: Hitting is what separates player
text: from player. One team from another.
text: Pretender from contender.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
speaker_heading: eK
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 102.
speaker_heading: NFL FILMS NARRATOR (OVER) (CONT'D)
dialog: And chumps from champions--
dialog: (cuts to--)
text: A montage, MUTE - cuts of BIG HITS. Only the sound of
text: helmets/pads crashing, men grunting, gnashing--
speaker_heading: NFL FILMS NARRATOR (OVER) (CONT'D)
dialog: And it is this, of course, that has
dialog: always been part of football’s
dialog: appeal. Cinematic, like a war movie-
text: Now churning arms and legs. Punctuated by frames of receivers
text: and others taking devastating hits. The hit frames synched to
text: the rhythm of the music.
speaker_heading: NFL FILMS NARRATOR (OVER) (CONT'D)
dialog: A league where the meek do NOT
text: inherit the turf. A game of
dialog: thunder! and destruction!
dialog: (now cut to--)
speaker_heading: BERNIE GOLDBERG/NARRATING (PRELAP)
dialog: According to the NFL’s own numbers,
dialog: half of all players with
dialog: concussions, were being sent back
dialog: into the same game. Including some
text: who were actually knocked out cold.
dialog: We asked the head of the NFL's
dialog: committee on concussions at the
dialog: time, if that was a good idea.
dialog: (now to--)
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: TV _4-WALLED - HBO’S ‘REAL SPORTS’ WITH BRYANT GUMBEL (ACTUAL
speaker_heading: FOOTAGE )
scene_heading: And CORRESPONDENT BERNIE GOLDBERG.
speaker_heading: BERNIE GOLDBERG
dialog: That could lead to medical
dialog: problems, no?
speaker_heading: IRA CASSON
dialog: Returning to play when you
dialog: shouldn’t return to play? There’s
dialog: no clear evidence that has led to
dialog: medical problems, if that’s what
dialog: you're asking me.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 103.
text: And a cut over to his interview: 60ish, tweedy dresser,
text: shaggy ring of white hair. “Dr. Ira Casson, newly-appointed
dialog: NFL Medical Director”.
scene_heading: BERNIE GOLDBERG/NARRATING
dialog: Back in 2007, Ira Casson, was head
dialog: of a team of NFL doctors who had
dialog: looked into the issue, and
dialog: determined that the concern over
text: head injuries, was over blown.
speaker_heading: PREMA (0.S.)
dialog: (muttering in Swahili)
dialog: Wao wana kichaa! Kuma nina. Fala!
speaker_heading: (and REVERSE to find)
text: 148 BENNET AND PREMA IN FRONT OF THE TV WATCHING--
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BERNIE GOLDBERG
dialog: (addressing Casson)
dialog: Is there any evidence, as far as
dialog: you're concerned, that links
dialog: multiple head injuries among pro
dialog: football players with depression?
speaker_heading: CASSON
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BERNIE GOLDBERG
dialog: With dementia?
speaker_heading: CASSON
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BERNIE GOLDBERG
dialog: With early onset of Alzheimer's?
speaker_heading: CASSON
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: BERNIE GOLDBERG
dialog: (disbelief creeping in)
dialog: Is there any evidence as of today
dialog: that links multiple head injuries
dialog: with any long-term problem like
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: CASSON
dialog: In NFL players?
speaker_heading: BERNIE GOLDBERG
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 149
speaker_heading: A149
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 104.
speaker_heading: CASSON
dialog: No.
dialog: (and HOLDING Goldberg’s
dialog: near-smirk, we go to--)
dialog: Bennet. Head in hands. And just when we think this cannot get
dialog: worse, we start HEARING in PRE-LAP:
speaker_heading: GOODELL/TV (PRE-LAP)
dialog: The first pick of the Houston
dialog: Texans--!
dialog: (and cut hard to--)
scene_heading: FOOTAGE - NFL COLLEGE DRAFT - RADIO CITY MUSIC HALL, NYC
dialog: 
speaker_heading: GOODELL
dialog: Amobi Okoye! Defensive lineman from
dialog: the University of Louisville--
text: As Goodell shakes hands with Bennet’s cousin, Amobi, sweet-
text: smiled mountain of a man. We watch a TIGHT of Amobi, huge
text: grin, holding up his new jersey, “OKOYE - 91” - as he’s being
dialog: drafted.
dialog: Then PULL BACK TO REVEAL we’re--
scene_heading: INT. BENNET’S CONDO
text: Bennet watching the circus-like spectacle on his TV. Now head
text: in hands. Now shuts it off.
text: It’s late. Quiet. Bennet stops at the kitchen table. Dream
dialog: House material - floor plans, paint color charts, brochures
text: for brick face - spread before him.
text: Weary, as he taps it all into a neat pile, and in a single
text: TRACKING SHOT we follow him to the window. Where we take in
text: the back of St. Benedict illuminated high atop the church,
text: above us all. Now into the bedroom, where he stands watching
dialog: Prema sleep.
text: Then gets to his knees, his face by Prema’s belly--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Hi. This is your father.
dialog: (what to say? so insecure)
dialog: I am in deep shit. I haven’t done
dialog: anything wrong, but I am being
dialog: punished. Your mother and I are
dialog: being tested. It might be not so
dialog: good out here when you arrive. You
dialog: are still with God.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
speaker_heading: B149
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 105.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: Your face is still the face of God.
dialog: Please tell God to help me.
dialog: (and closes his eyes, and-)
text: We slide to Prema’s face. Eyes open. Awake. Listening. Then--
scene_heading: INT./EXT. PREMA’S CAR (MOVING) /MOON TOWNSHIP - DAY
text: Prema driving herself there for first time alone. More
text: pregnant. Humming to a pop song on the radio. Clarion voice.
text: Her eyes tick up to the rear-view. A sedan. Nondescript.
text: Windshield opaque with sky. Keeping pace.
text: And it’s still keeping pace. She stops singing. She turns. It
text: turns. She turns again. It keeps going.
text: She keeps going.
text: It reappears.
text: Now she’s there. In the neighborhood. Grass. Shrubbery is in.
text: She looks over at their home. Then the rear-view. Car’s gone.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: OMIT (152-155 MOVED TO AFTER 161
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: INT. ALLEGHENY COUNTY CORONER - DAY
dialog: 
text: Sullivan leading Bennet upstairs. Before the top he stops
text: them in the stairwell.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Why does Cyril want to see me?
speaker_heading: SULLIVAN
dialog: Hopefully to fire you.
dialog: (and they head into--)
scene_heading: INT. WECHT’S OFFICE - ALLEGHENY COUNTY CORONER - DAY
text: Where Wecht is waiting with two FBI AGENTS.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: What is this?
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 106.
text: Bennet now looking from Wecht to the Agents. Goes still, as
text: an animal will at the scent of danger. Then--
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: I am being relieved of my duties.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I don’t understand.
speaker_heading: AGENT WECHT
text: Dr. Wecht is being indicted Eighty-four Federal counts.
dialog: on eighty-four Federal Mail fraud, wire fraud, and
dialog: counts, including-- related offenses arising from
dialog: his use of government
dialog: resources to benefit his
dialog: private practice. Sending
dialog: personal faxes, mileage
dialog: vouchers, misusing office
dialog: stationary--
speaker_heading: BENNET WECHT (CONT'D)
dialog: Faxes? Faxes.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: They couldn’t come up with
dialog: something that stupid in Nigeria.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: Using public property for private
dialog: gain.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: You do know the man has been a
dialog: public servant for decades--
speaker_heading: AGENT 2
dialog: Have you ever performed any private
dialog: services on county time?
text: A pause as Bennet does the math. Then realizes--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Do you mean the death row case? I
dialog: was on my time! I saved an innocent
dialog: man’s life.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: Apparently we’ve both hurt the
dialog: government's feelings.
dialog: (then)
dialog: This has nothing to do with him.
dialog: (meaning Bennet)
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
speaker_heading: + OH
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 107.
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: We don’t want you, Dr. Omalu. But
dialog: we can have you.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: What does that mean?
text: Everything all at once. Bennet’s walls crashing around him.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: They are going to want your
dialog: testimony.
dialog: (and some sort of gesture
dialog: tells him--)
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Against you?
dialog: (the silence says yes;
dialog: turning to the agent)
dialog: Is this because his name was on my
dialog: research?
speaker_heading: AGENT 1
dialog: (dead-pan)
dialog: What research is that, Dr. Omalu?
text: Bennet HOLDS his look. A stare-down. A long beat, then--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (this is bullshit--)
dialog: I‘ll resign first.
speaker_heading: AGENT 2
dialog: In which case your immigration
dialog: status will be revised. Since your
dialog: status requires full-time
dialog: employment.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (so absurd he actually
dialog: laughs)
dialog: I‘1l get another job in some other
dialog: city.
dialog: (and very - too - quickly)
speaker_heading: AGENT
dialog: That would be fine.
scene_heading: 159 INT. ALLEGHENY COUNTY CORONER - PITTSBURGH - DAY
dialog: 
text: OVER BENNET’S SHOULDER as he walks slowly through the autopsy
text: chamber. Past Sullivan. Gracie. His hands shake. Knees soft.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 107A.
text: Sound and light as if from the bottom of a pool. Muffled.
text: Slow. Prismed. Up the stairs into his--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 108.
scene_heading: INT. BENNET’S OFFICE - COUNTY CORONER - DAY
dialog: 
text: Bennet enters. Wecht trails in after him.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: I said make us both come out okay,
dialog: not professional ruination.
text: And takes in, maybe for the first time, Bennet’s little
text: shitbox of an office. The shitty high-school microscope.
speaker_heading: WECHT (CONT’D)
dialog: This is a terrible goddamn chair.
dialog: (looks around; the
dialog: computer )
dialog: You had to buy that, too?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Everything.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: I didn’t do good enough by you.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: They won’t make me say one word
dialog: against you.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: What’s there to say? Cyril Wecht’s
dialog: a loud-mouth asshole? Yeah, well. I
dialog: don’t care. I’m tired. My balls are
dialog: low--
dialog: Then. Why he’s really here--
speaker_heading: WECHT (CONT’D)
dialog: Look. Whoever - whatever - takes my
dialog: place - everything is up for grabs
dialog: now.
dialog: (Bennet isn’t reading him)
dialog: The CTE material - Webster, Long,
dialog: Strzelczyk, Waters--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: And?
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: And maybe the Allegheny County
text: Medical Examiner suddenly develops
dialog: a storage problem. And certain
text: brain matter is suddenly taking up
dialog: too much space. I won’t be able to
dialog: protect it. Or you.
dialog: (then)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 108A.
speaker_heading: WECHT (CONT'D)
dialog: So I asked Sullivan where it all
dialog: was. He had no idea.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 109.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Because it’s in my coat closet.
text: Wecht stares at him a beat.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: You’re a goddamn renegade, you know
dialog: that?
dialog: (then)
dialog: What if they get a warrant?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: On suspicion of what, science?
text: Wecht laughs. Then, the bottom line--
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: We got screwed. You don’t deserve
dialog: it.
dialog: Know what the worst part is? How
dialog: easy it was.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (look at me--)
dialog: I can’t go back to Nigeria. All I
dialog: am is here. My child is going to be
dialog: born American.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: (don’t worry so much--)
dialog: I‘1l get you a job. You can work in
dialog: the prison laundry with me.
text: (starts to leave, then,
dialog: fuck it)
dialog: Call the surgeon. We need a goddamn
dialog: drink.
scene_heading: INT. CHINATOWN INN - PITTSBURGH - A LITTLE LATER
text: We're following Bennet wobbling slightly through the narrow
text: passage from men’s room to the bar.
text: It’s lunch-time. Bailes and Wecht lean waiting for him. Our
text: guys are drunk. Bennet stares at the fish--
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: I’m telling you there’s only one
dialog: thing they’re thinking about now:
dialog: how many more years of clean profit
dialog: they can squeeze out of
dialog: professional football.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 110.
speaker_heading: WECHT BENNET
dialog: Before they have to put a (and mimics)
text: warning label on the sport. “The Surgeon General Has
dialog: Determined that Playing
dialog: Football is Dangerous to Your
dialog: Health.”
dialog: (his glass)
dialog: Johnny Walker--
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: Before people stop buying team
dialog: jerseys. The NFL’s already gaming
dialog: this out, the merchandise, the
dialog: cable deals, endorsement deals,
dialog: advertising, when all that will
text: start to skid sideways, then slide.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Did you know Tagliabue was law
dialog: partner at Covington & Burling, the
dialog: firm that represented the seven Big
dialog: Tobacco companies?
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: Of course he was.
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: The law firm that now represents
dialog: the National Football League.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: Of course it does.
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: In my last year with the Steelers,
dialog: the League moved a game froma
dialog: Sunday to a Tuesday because of a
dialog: blizzard. The League said it wasn’t
dialog: worried about TV ratings because
dialog: the NFL is immune even from acts of
dialog: God.
text: Wecht is starting to give Bailes a dark look.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (drinking)
dialog: And now here comes this Omalu, mere
dialog: pathologist and foreigner of
dialog: questionable background.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: Now highly deportable pathologist
dialog: and foreigner.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 111.
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: And then there is the National
dialog: Football League--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Immune from acts of god -
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: --And its 25 years of expert brain
dialog: research. Bennet Omalu vs.
dialog: football. Bennet Omalu vs. America.
dialog: That’s their playbook.
text: Pause. They’re actually quite drunk. Wecht up-ends his
text: bourbon. After a beat--
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: Know how many people cigarettes
dialog: killed since the warning label went
dialog: on? 200-million. 5-million a year.
dialog: But there are more smokers now than
dialog: ever. People want what they want.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (dawning even on him)
dialog: Maybe this all makes football
dialog: bigger. Maybe all this somehow
dialog: means more, more money, more of
dialog: everything.
dialog: Pause. Sobering--
speaker_heading: WECHT
dialog: Because it’s the goddamn Roman
dialog: Coliseum, right? And the people
dialog: can’t get enough of the car crash
dialog: of it all.
text: They drink. Contemplating that.
text: Wecht is staring at Bailes, as if at a traitor. Bailes can’t
text: hold his look, turns away, as Bennet, under his breath--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Until someone dies people give a
dialog: damn about.
dialog: (then cut to--)
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 152
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 112.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEGHENY COUNTY CORONER - PITTSBURGH - DAY
dialog: 
text: Bennet at the cross-walk waiting for the light to change,
text: returning from the bar.
text: A Police cruiser - sirens piercing - smashes by. Bennet turns
text: to stare at it. Suddenly nervous. And instinctively turns. A
text: pick-up truck has stopped alongside. The DRIVER - no one
text: special - looks at him. Eyes meet. Bennet looks away. As the
text: signal changes. And the car moves off--
text: Gracie’s broken away from the building, running to him,
dialog: waving, as in a bad fucking dream--
speaker_heading: GRACIE
dialog: Bennet! !
dialog: (now smash to--)
scene_heading: INT. EMERGENCY - PRESBYTERIAN UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL - DAY
dialog: 
text: Bennet in a scrum of EMTs and NURSES running Prema in.
text: DOCTORS converging. Prema pale, weeping, as, on the run--
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC
dialog: 30-year old female, G-1, P-zero, 18
dialog: weeks EGA pregnancy, heavy
dialog: bleeding, suspected miscarriage--
scene_heading: INT. O.R. - PRESBYTERIAN UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL - DAY
dialog: 
text: Bennet’s hands on Prema’s face. DOCTOR searching with the
text: ultrasound wand. As all eyes on the image. The space where
text: the heart is - dark. A NURSE places a hand on Prema’s arm. A
text: doctor says, Sorry. We SEE his mouth moving, but we’re in
text: Bennet’s POV and he’s hearing nothing. He moves to Prema’s
text: face, and holds it. Both of them crying.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (to the room)
dialog: Will you please excuse us?
dialog: (and when they are alone)
dialog: I’m sorry I’m sorry. I made a
dialog: mistake. This is my fault I’m sorry-
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: This isn’t your fault--
dialog: (and then we--)
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 155
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 113.
scene_heading: INT. RECOVERY ROOM - PRESBYTERIAN UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL
dialog: 
text: Bennet enters amidst the bouquets. “Your friends at the
text: Coroner’s office”. He bends over Prema. Presses his forehead
text: to hers. Sits. Takes in where they are. (All the places they
dialog: are.)
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I wish I never met Mike Webster.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: Your work was beautiful. You are
dialog: beautiful.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: But they destroyed us. I don’t
dialog: understand why this is happening
dialog: this way. What else do I have to
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: Bennet. Look at me--
dialog: (and he does)
dialog: Do you know what I chose to fake?
dialog: (--)
dialog: You.
text: By now he is crying.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: We will have this family.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: Yes, we will.
dialog: (--)
dialog: Just not here.
dialog: (It’s time to let go. And let God.)
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: INT. HOME - MOON TOWNSHIP - DAY
text: Bennet walking through his nearly-finished home. Airy, light.
text: Built-ins. Faux-grand but grand nonetheless.
text: Walks through his kids’ rooms. (There are two.) One already
text: painted into a nursery.
text: His master bath. Dragging his finger along his marble.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 164
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 114.
text: Stops at the window. Transfixed by the McMansion across the
text: street. Fresh shrubbery unwrapped, sod fresh. American Family
text: in. KIDS, 7 & 11, bikes, DAD assembles a bbq, MOM’s unpacking
dialog: the garage.
text: Now down the stairs into his lab. The space carved for his
text: dissection table. His freezers. His.
speaker_heading: VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: Hello? Mr. Omalu?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (he’s so weary--)
dialog: Dr. Omalu
dialog: (and climbs to meet--)
text: The CONTRACTOR. Standing in his new living room.
speaker_heading: CONTRACTOR
dialog: I just need the measurements for
text: the flat screens.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: That isn’t going to be necessary.
dialog: (and now--)
text: BENNET STANDING IN HIS FOYER
text: And closes the new raw-wood door. Grabs a 2x4. Turns looking
dialog: at his walls. We don’t know what he will do. And - volcanic -
dialog: he swings and--
text: BURIES it in sheetrock. BAM! Again. And Again. BAM! Dust.
text: Splinters. And as he swings--
text: We PULL outside the house, TRACKING IN REVERSE, house
text: RECEDING IN FRAME, the perfect windows, the perfect yard, the
text: baby foliage. GLIMPSES of Bennet in the window, swinging at
text: the guts of the house. Then stopping. Slipping to his knees,
text: weeping seething with rage--
text: As we keep going back. Rising, PULLING high and far from the
text: cul-de-sac, the subdivision. Everything in front of us - the
dialog: lots, the streets - so well designed. Such a good story. Now
dialog: this.
dialog: And as we keep we--
text: DISSOLVE TO BLACK
text: And OVER BLACK SCREEN, we HEAR Bennet singing:
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
speaker_heading: A169
speaker_heading: B169
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 115.
speaker_heading: BENNET (PRE-LAP)
dialog: If ever you're in my arms again
dialog: This time I'll love you much better
dialog: If ever you're in my arms again
dialog: This time I'll hold you forever--
dialog: AND UP TO--
speaker_heading: OMIT
speaker_heading: OMIT
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BENNET’S CAR/CENTRAL VALLEY - CALIFORNIA - DAY
dialog: 
text: Bennet - in a 2010 Mercedes sedan - crossing an ocean of
text: Kansas-flat farmland. Dry and desolate. Tract after tract of
text: arid farmland, ranch homes sticking up out of the landscape
text: like tombstones. Mexican DAY-LABORERS and tractors.
dialog: And pulls up to--
scene_heading: EXT. SUBDIVISION - LODI, CALIFORNIA - DAY
dialog: 
text: Dropped amid the fields. Treeless. Single-story brick
text: ranches. Sun-bleached.
text: The sun is high. The air is 105.
text: Bennet gets out with groceries and into--
scene_heading: INT. BENNET’S NEW HOME - LODI, CALIFORNIA - DAY
dialog: 
text: Bennet playing with a TODDLER in the gravelly back yard. Blow-
text: up pool. Kneeling in the dirt, putting in tomato trellises.
text: TIME HAS PASSED.
text: And Bennet looks up. He’s happy. Prema - pregnant with #2 -
dialog: waves behind glass--
dialog: Then cut to--
speaker_heading: OMIT
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 170
speaker_heading: A170
dialog: 171
dialog: 172
dialog: 173
dialog: 174
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 116.
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - LODI, CALIFORNIA - DAY
dialog: 
text: Humble pre-fab trailer. Blue-light fly zapper spilling dead
text: bugs. The refrigerated room is bumper-cars with dead migrant
text: laborers wrapped loosely in sheets. One poorly-trained
scene_heading: ASSISTANT.
text: A single slab. Bennet rolls out his special instruments.
dialog: Every death always is sacred: “Tell me how this happened,
dialog: Jose.”
dialog: No one to tell him otherwise.
text: And begins his work. A fleck on his sleeve, and off comes his
text: smock, and as he reaches for a fresh one--
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM - BENNET’S NEW HOUSE - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Bennet asleep next to Prema. His arm draped over her pregnant
text: belly protectively. Their kid’s bed against the wall. Toddler
text: calmly asleep.
speaker_heading: DUERSON (PRE-LAP)
dialog: (manic, into phone)
dialog: My mind’s slipping, man. I can’t
dialog: find the goddamn words--
text: The SOUNDS of footsteps shuffling on carpet. Heavy breathing.
dialog: Pants. Grunts. And now UP TO--
speaker_heading: OMIT
speaker_heading: OMIT
speaker_heading: OMIT
scene_heading: INT. CONDO - SUNNY ISLES BEACH, FLORIDA - DAY
dialog: 
text: We find Dave Duerson pacing. On his cell. Into a mirror. Who
dialog: is that? Where are you?
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 177
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 117.
speaker_heading: DUERSON
dialog: (manic, into phone)
dialog: Something seriously wrong with my
dialog: head--
text: We SEE laid out on his kitchen table, an issue of Sports
text: Illustrated. The cover piece says “CONCUSSIONS” (the word
text: superimposed over Steelers linebacker JAMES HARRISON
text: mercilessly spearing a receiver).
text: And photos of an ex-wife. Children. Parents.
text: A portrait of himself in a Chicago Bears uniform.
speaker_heading: DUERSON (CONT'D)
dialog: What? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Gotta do
dialog: it. Give it to them. I’m sorry. I
dialog: gotta I just can’t do this--
text: And drops the phone.
text: Now we see the gun in his other hand. .38 Special.
text: Duerson heads to his bed. Lays on top of it. Slips a clean
text: white sheet over himself to the neck. We’re right over him.
text: As he puts the gun muzzle to his chest. Eyes wide. Right to
dialog: us: Goodbye. And--
speaker_heading: CUT TO BLACK
dialog: Pause, then--
dialog: BANG!
scene_heading: OVER BLACK SCREEN
text: WE HEAR A PHONE RINGING. Two rings, three.
text: SNAP. Light comes on. Revealing--
scene_heading: INT. BENNET’S NEW HOME - LODI, CALIFORNIA -
scene_heading: SIMULTANEOUS/NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Clock reads midnight.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: (picking up)
dialog: Hello?
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 118.
speaker_heading: BAILES/PHONE (OVER)
dialog: It’s Julian.
dialog: (and we INTERCUT Bailes in
dialog: his robe in his kitchen-)
dialog: Dave Duerson killed himself today.
text: Bennet slips out of bed away from a sleeping Prema. Takes the
text: phone into the hall.
speaker_heading: BAILES
text: He shot himself in the chest,
text: Bennet. In the heart.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Oh my god--
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: He left a note. He said he was
dialog: thinking about all NFL players. He
dialog: wanted his brain donated. To be
dialog: examined. He said we were right.
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: He said that?
text: Bennet has gone to stand at a window looking out on his
text: humble little street.
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: Bennet? You there?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: For the brain’s last act to not
dialog: just die, but preserve itself in
dialog: the act of killing, to give an
dialog: instruction to shoot into the chest
dialog: - Julian, human beings don’t do
dialog: that.
text: PUSH IN on Bennet. His grief and anger.
speaker_heading: BAILES
dialog: Bennet. Dave Duerson killing
dialog: himself - the way he killed himself
dialog: - they can’t explain this one. It’s
dialog: undeniable now. It’s all going to
text: unravel.
text: And on Bennet blinking, trying to comprehend what Bailes is
dialog: saying to him, we SMASH TO--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 119.
scene_heading: INT. BENNET’S NEW HOME - LODI, CALIFORNIA - DAY/EARLIER
dialog: 
text: Bennet in their modest bedroom. Before his cramped open
text: closet. Flustered and overthinking the suits. 0.S. the kid
text: plays and laughs.
text: Prema enters. She’s pregnant.
text: Bennet pulls out a conservative gray suit.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: That is what they wear.
dialog: (and takes it from him and
dialog: puts it back)
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: What do I say to them?
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: Who do you speak for? When you know
dialog: who you speak for you know what to
dialog: say and what to mean.
text: (pulls out a bold pin-
dialog: striped suit)
dialog: Go and give them what belongs to
dialog: them. Tell them what’s really
dialog: happening.
dialog: Wear what you are.
dialog: (and we SMASH TO--)
scene_heading: BENNET’S FACE. HUGE IN FRAME. GAME FACE. SET.
dialog: 
text: WE PULL BACK TO REVEAL--
scene_heading: INT./EXT. LIMOUSINE (MOVING) /PALM BEACH - FLORIDA - DAY
dialog: 
text: Bennet in back. The DRIVER glancing at him in the rear-view.
text: The phone STILL RINGING as we ADD and INTERCUT--
text: OUTSIDE THE LIMO, wide tree-lined streets. Expensive lawns.
dialog: Golf courses. Who can Bennet be that he’s going where he’s
dialog: going?--
text: THE LIMO PULLING UP TO THE BREAKERS HOTEL - PALM BEACH
dialog: 
text: And its turreted Versailles-like grounds. The only other non-
text: whites move mowers and bags. If a plantation were a castle.
text: Sign board at entrance: “Welcome National Football League
dialog: Players Association Special Concussion Summit.”
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: *
dialog: 184
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 120.
scene_heading: INT. PRESIDENTIAL SUITE - BREAKERS HOTEL
dialog: 
text: With a terrace letting out on the Atlantic. A Louis XVI bed.
text: Murals. A fountain. Bennet left alone to dust off. Standing
text: in the center of the obscene room--
text: Chooses to iron his suit in his underwear. And shave.
text: Scraping his face, a tension surfaces. Eyes to hands. PUSH IN
text: CLOSE on his hands. Blade bowing against his cheek. Until
text: slicing himself.
text: He watches in the mirror the blood zag down his face. Then
text: drop, and as it falls, as it splatters the sink, cut away to--
scene_heading: INT. GRAND BALLROOM FOYER
text: Bennet outside waiting against another mirrored wall. This
text: one leafed in gold. Turns to the glass to cinch his tie.
text: TIGHT ON HIS COLLAR: smudge of blood. He touches it. Decides
dialog: to leave it there. And turns to--
scene_heading: INT. GRAND BALLROOM - BREAKERS HOTEL
dialog: 
text: Bennet approaches the podium. And turns to 500 faces. Mostly
text: players, former players, their families. But there is Jones
text: and Pellman. NFL lawyers. Team doctors, player reps.
dialog: And the wives. We know who they are. Because they’re in their
text: 40's and 50’s. And because they are alone, no men beside
text: them. Among them, Keana Strzelczyk. And her kids.
text: We find Bailes. He nods at Bennet, smallest nod of
dialog: accomplishment.
text: Behind all that, toward the back: Mike Webster. Waiting,
text: listening with intent.
text: Bennet takes out his speech. Glances at the pages. Then up at
text: the audience. At Webster. In the suffocating silence.
text: He grips and leans into the podium. STARES out there,
dialog: weighing the costs of what he’d like to say against what he
dialog: might say. Capable now of anything--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I don’t hate football. My wife has
dialog: started watching it. I see the
dialog: grace, the drama.
dialog: (a long pause)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 121.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: I once said I wished I never met
dialog: Mike Webster. I was wrong. He was
dialog: committed, a captain, a warrior,
dialog: quiet in his pain. He’s given us a
dialog: gift. The gift of knowing.
dialog: In the place I come from, we take
dialog: care of our warriors. And give
dialog: respect to those with the power to
dialog: heal them.
text: (his eyes stop on Mike
dialog: Webster )
dialog: These men--
text: And stops. Looks away. Elsewhere. Finds Keana Strz, her kids.
text: His eyes go back to Webster. And stay there.
speaker_heading: BENNET (CONT'D)
dialog: --are not machines. Not commodity.
dialog: Not video game figure. We loved
dialog: them when they were heroes.
text: By dying they speak for the living.
dialog: And I speak for them. That is all I
dialog: do.
dialog: (--)
dialog: Forgive them. Forgive yourselves.
dialog: Be at peace--
dialog: (and to Webster--)
dialog: I thank you.
text: And now Bennet simply stops and walks off. Every face in the
text: room turned his way. Here and there people have stood up.
text: Players. Wives. As he exits.
text: Not Webster. As Bennet turns for the exit, he spots him
text: sitting where he sat. We’re SLO-MO. Pulling away but hanging
text: onto Webster. His hands on knees. Head down. Alone.
text: As Keana Strzelczyk, behind him, is weeping in silence. Her
text: children, teenagers, cocooning her in their arms. They’re
text: letting it go. Letting it all go. Bennet leaves all of them.
dialog: And now--
scene_heading: INT. LIMOUSINE (MOVING)/PALM BEACH - FLORIDA - DAY
dialog: 
text: In the back, with the Breakers receding IN FRAME behind him.
dialog: As we HEAR, in PRE-LAP--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15
speaker_heading: SENATOR JOHN CONYERS (PRE-LAP)
dialog: But what’s the answer? Is there a
dialog: link between playing professional
dialog: football and the likelihood of
text: contracting a brain-related injury,
dialog: dementia, CTE?
dialog: (and we cut to--)
scene_heading: ROGER GOODELL, PIXILATED, ON TV, HALF-HIDDEN BEHIND A WITNESS
speaker_heading: TABLE MIC
text: We're in the Rayburn Building, U.S. Capitol. Behind Goodell,
text: a packed gallery. Before him, an angry Congressional panel.
dialog: And Conyers is visibly frustrated--
speaker_heading: GOODELL
dialog: (bumbling)
dialog: We're doing everything we possibly
dialog: can for our players now.
scene_heading: SENATOR JOHN CONYERS
dialog: But what’s the answer?
speaker_heading: GOODELL
dialog: The medical experts would know
dialog: better than I with respect to that.
dialog: But we are reinforcing our
dialog: commitment—
speaker_heading: (now ADDING--)
text: BENNET, IN LODI, WATCHING THIS ON HIS TV
dialog: 
text: Sitting like a pupil before the screen. Prema standing behind
text: him like a sentry. The phone starts to RING. HOLD, then--
scene_heading: REP. LINDA SANCHEZ
dialog: (livid)
dialog: It reminds me of the tobacco
dialog: companies sitting in this same
dialog: chamber saying, ‘There is no link
dialog: between smoking and damage to your
dialog: health.’
text: A fucking Congressional warhead. Goodell flop-sweaty. And now
scene_heading: we INTERCUT--—
text: BAILES, watching this at his office.
text: WECHT, at the Chinatown Inn.
text: SULLIVAN and GRACIE, in the break room.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
speaker_heading: A186*
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 123.
text: JONES, from his office.
text: AMOBI, on his iPhone in a football locker room.
dialog: The phone RINGING over all this, as--
scene_heading: REP. MAXINE WATERS
dialog: We have heard from the NFL time and
dialog: time again. You are always
dialog: studying. You are always trying.
dialog: You are always hopeful--
text: And as we PUSH IN on Goodell, wearing a look of constipation.
dialog: Then--
text: BACK TO Bennet’s home. His kid.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: This is all because of you.
dialog: You did this.
text: And as he turns now and looks out the window, at the sun-
text: bleached street, the empty blue sky. As he looks around them
dialog: at their humble digs. No dream house, this--
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - HAY ADAMS HOTEL - WASHINGTON DC - DAY
text: Lunch crowd gone. Bennet sitting opposite DEPUTY MAYOR ALLAN
text: HIRSCHORN, 50. Washingtonian conservative. A WAITER sets down
text: a tray of coffee.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY MAYOR
dialog: First time in Washington?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Never had the time.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY MAYOR
dialog: Well, we're thrilled you accepted
dialog: our invitation--
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: Washington D.C. is the capital of
dialog: this nation. Lodi, California is
dialog: the capital of lettuce. I was
dialog: curious.
text: (he smiles, and he does,
dialog: he’s infectious--)
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: *
dialog: *
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 123A.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY MAYOR
dialog: (he pours herself coffee)
dialog: Chief Medical Examiner of
dialog: Washington, D.C.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
speaker_heading: B186*
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 124.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY MAYOR (CONT'D)
dialog: means you’d also consult with the
dialog: CIA and FBI, and any foreign
dialog: government requesting the
dialog: assistance of the United States
dialog: government.
dialog: (then)
dialog: Essentially, you’re America’s
dialog: forensic pathologist. You wouldn't
dialog: have to put on scrubs, or perform
dialog: an autopsy. You’re beyond all that
dialog: now--
dialog: (as if that’s good news)
text: Bennet is looking out the window. To the Department of
text: Justice. The White House. Sidewalks hurrying with people in
text: suits who strap into the cockpits that fly the nation.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY MAYOR (CONT’D)
dialog: Would you like to know about the
dialog: benefits package?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I’m sure it’s fine.
text: The Deputy Mayor ponders him. Feels his dilemma.
speaker_heading: DEPUTY MAYOR
dialog: We know what you did, Dr. Omalu.
dialog: You exemplify what it is to be an
dialog: American. You belong in the
dialog: nation’s capital.
text: And it starts to well in him, the whole road here--
speaker_heading: DEPUTY MAYOR (CONT’D)
dialog: We'd like to offer you the job.
text: He is barely containing his emotions. She sees it in him,
text: looks away, giving him privacy, understanding--
speaker_heading: DEPUTY MAYOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Why don’t you take a couple days
dialog: and think about it--?
scene_heading: INT. BENNET’S NEW HOME - LODI, CALIFORNIA - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: Bennet’s overnight bag by the front door.
text: Bennet and Prema in the kitchen. She’s washing. He’s drying.
text: Their daughter at work at her doll house. Prema stops. Looks
text: at him. Bennet deep in thought. Until, finally--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 125.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: Are you going to tell me what you
dialog: said?
speaker_heading: BENNET
dialog: I didn’t say anything. They gave me
dialog: a week to decide.
text: He wipes his hands. Takes in this humble house. His kids, her
text: toys. His pregnant wife.
speaker_heading: PREMA
dialog: It’s everything you wanted.
text: She’s not even sure about that. And neither is he now. And he
text: turns. They HOLD a long look. Then--
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE - LODI, CALIFORNIA - DAY
text: Bennet at his work. Pauses by a body on the slab. Left hand
text: alights on the forehead. Right on the cold gray hand.
text: Deep in thought. Then--
text: Bennet’s attention turns. Pulled from the humble autopsy
text: chamber, we FOLLOW HIM into the hall. And REFOCUS on a TV
text: playing on the CLERK’s desk. FADING IN--
speaker_heading: REPORTER/TV (OVER)
dialog: --sports fans and, frankly, all
dialog: Americans across the nation are
dialog: stunned today by the suicide of 42-
dialog: year old football Hall of Famer
dialog: Junior Seau, one of football’s most
dialog: beloved, revered, and feared,
dialog: players, who this morning committed
dialog: suicide. Seau shot himself in the
dialog: heart--
dialog: (now we SEE)
text: FOOTAGE of bedlam. Handsome, Samoan face. Neck ropey with
text: muscle. Toothy smile. To a crime scene. Yellow tape wrapping
text: a beautiful seaside bungalow. Police. Ambulance. Now--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: *
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 126.
text: Bennet. As his expression moves from shocked. To upset.
dialog: To calm. Confirmed. Now we follow him into--
scene_heading: INT. BENNET’S OFFICE - LODI MORGUE - CONTINUOUS
dialog: 
text: Bennet passes his medical degrees on the wall. All of them up
text: there now. Framed and pretty. Plenty of room.
text: And changes into his shirt, and crosses through frame in
text: extreme f.g., and recrosses, dressing, working, busy -- as we
text: BEGIN A SLOW PUSH past him to the wall, where we find--
text: Brain cases stacked floor to ceiling.
dialog: And files, maybe a hundred: Tom McHale, 45, Tampa Bay
dialog: Buccaneers...Nathan Stiles, 17, Spring Hill High School...
dialog: Christopher Henry, 26, Cincinnati Bengals...Damien Nash, 25,
dialog: Denver Broncos...Curtis Whitley, 39, San Diego Chargers...
dialog: Greg Page, 50, boxer...Justin Levens, 28, boxer...Norman
dialog: Hand, 37, New York Giants...
text: Bennet returns, changed into a suit, then--
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BENNET’S CAR/CENTRAL VALLEY, CA - DAY
dialog: 
text: His Mercedes cutting fast through the oceans of crops.
text: Factories, ranches. Schools. A high school. Now - suddenly
dialog: slowing--
text: Pulling alongside a junior varsity football practice. The
text: kids - mostly Mexican - strapping on helmets. That nutcracker
dialog: drill.
text: As other kids are winding down. Tossing the ball. Tossing
text: water bottles. The adolescent knucklehead hazing of rangy
text: leggy puppies. The game as rite of passage.
text: And we REVERSE ON BENNET. He forgets himself. It’s a little
dialog: funny. Kids. Then--
text: Two players line up 15 yards apart, turn to face each other
text: like bulls. And run. Bennet takes a step toward them as the
text: kids hurtle forward erasing the space between them. Faster.
text: INTERCUTTING Bennet and the blur. 5-yards and closing. 2-
dialog: yards. And now--
text: FREEZE. A single frame before helmets collide ina
text: devastating crow-to-crown blow. HOLD there, and over that--
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
scene_heading: CHERRY PAGES 1.21.15 127.
speaker_heading: CRAWL
dialog: * Bennet Omalu turned down the Washington job offer. He
text: remains in Lodi, California, with Prema and his two children.
dialog: * Shortly after Hall of Fame linebacker, Junior Seau, shot
dialog: himself in the heart, more than 4,500 retired NFL players
dialog: sued the NFL for concealing the dangers of concussions.
dialog: * The NFL proposed a settlement in which former NFL
dialog: Commissioner Paul Tagliabue and Dr. Elliot Pellman would
dialog: never be questioned under oath, and the League would never
dialog: have to disclose what it knew about concussion-related brain
dialog: problems, or when it knew it.
dialog: * Last September, actuaries hired by the NFL concluded that
dialog: 33% of all retired professional football players will suffer
text: “serious cognitive impairment”, including CTE, in their
dialog: lifetime.
dialog: * All Federal charges against Dr. Cyril Wecht were eventually
dialog: dropped.
text: TO BLACK.
dialog: © 2015 CTMG. All Rights Reserved.
dialog: 
