text: "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES"
dialog: Original Screenplay
dialog: by
speaker_heading: PAUL DEHN
scene_heading: FINAL SHOOTING SCRIPT
dialog: January 18, 197
speaker_heading: APJAC Productions Inc,
text: "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES"
speaker_heading: FADE IN
dialog: ours il-
dialog: 13
scene_heading: EXT, THE CITY - FULL SHOT - NIGHT (CENTURY CITY) A-13
dialog: (Note: A detailed visual renderin
dialog: | of the opening
dialog: will be ald out by the sketch. a —
dialog: sa: vyence
dialog: 
text: A PANNING SHOT of the dark towers of the city 31 thovetted
text: against the nignt sky. Silence. Zo MUSIC. The view drifts
text: down the black gless-facaded high risaa REVEALENG...
text: Eapty of life. Paved, desertad walkways stretch away into
text: the darkness. Over this SUPERIMPOSE: the TITLE:
speaker_heading: NORTH AMERICA
dialog: 1991
text: The TITLE fades out. Another few moments of stience. Then,
text: at first barely audible, the faint CLICK of a single pair
text: of leather boots, approaching slowly.
text: JUMP CUTS OF THE MALL C-13.
text: QUICK FLASHES of. various walkways and ramps leading to the
text: centrel pavilion (as if sean through frightened ayes) as
text: the FOQTSTEPS grow louder. Oo
scene_heading: MOVING SHADOW OF HELMETED ‘MAN p.13
text: Striding tovard CAMERA, the SOUND.of STEPS how on FULL.
text: ¥rom. the. Genyons of glass. and ‘steel. surroun@ing the mall,
text: faint ANIMAL CRIES are heard, whooping, chattering _
dialog: ». more Fike jungle sounds. than anything ope might hear ~
text: in a modern’eity. FOOTSTEPS’ stop. as...
scene_heading: CLOSE ON ‘THE HELMETED HEAD B13,
text: ~. turns, diselosing the. tensa, worried face of a wiiformed
text: State Security POLICEMAN. He listena, glances quickly
text: up and..déwn ‘the mal}, then slowly wislings his rifle.
text: DRAW: SACK: to a DOWN ANGLE yiey of the: eliceman standing
text: Motionless in “the mall. Over this SUPERIMPOSE the first
text: Aa TITLE. FADES OUT, draw back SLIGHTLY, to reveal the edes
text: of & parapet in the f.g-. We HEAR the SQUND of BREATHING. |
text: Below, in the mall, the policeman -bagins to walk uncertainly
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 2
dialog: E-13 Cont.
text: toward the parapet. A SCRAPING of feet is HEARD. WHIP PAN
text: to show a shadowy figure dashing away in the darkness. The
text: Policeman SHOUTS, hurries up a ramp toward the parapet.
scene_heading: CONTINUE CREDITS OVER:
scene_heading: A&A SERIES OF SHOTS F-13-
speaker_heading: J-13
dialog: Showing:
text: 1, The SHADOWY PIGURE, never clearly discernible, dashing
text: past buildings, through alleyways, vanishing beneath ramps,
text: as the SOUND of its BREATHING becomes more labored.
text: 2. The POLICEMAN in pursuit...
speaker_heading: INTERCUT :
scene_heading: 3. Another POLICEMAN
text: moving along paths and malls, gradually convergea on the
text: escaping figure unsiinging his rifle.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
text: 4, PLASHES OF DARK BUILDINGS
text: as the chorus of animal CRIES rises in volume.
scene_heading: 5. FLASH CUT - ARCHED BRIDGE
text: The shadow of the escaping figure, fleeing at top speed.
scene_heading: THE POLICEMAN'S P.O.V. - DOWN ANGLE - THE MALL K-13
text: flinging his rifle to his shoulder as the figure, still
text: indistinct, races INTO and across the wide mall.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT - POLICEMAN L-13
text: he screams a warning:
speaker_heading: | POLICEMAN
dialog: No! No!
text: An instant, then he starts to squeeze the trigger.
scene_heading: POLICEMAN'S P.0.V. - DOWN ANGLE M-13
text: He pumps off two rifle SHOTS. The distant figure spins,
text: topples to the ground, arms outstretched, flat on its back.
text: The SOUND of gunfire is still ECHOING in the mall as we
text: 2COM to a CLOSEUP of the figure. It has the face of an
text: APE...its dying eyes glaze and shut as...
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 3
dialog: M-13 Cont.
text: Over & whirring, fluttering SOUND, the screen goes BLACK,
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE FINAL CREDITS,
text: HOLD for a moment as we recognize the whirring SOUND as
text: that made by the rotors of an approaching helicopter. ANGLE
text: UP from the black - which is a stretch of tarmac --.
scene_heading: EXT, HIGHRISE HELIPORT - DAY 14
text: The copter puts down on the landing pad, and half-a-dozen
text: Commuter Types debouch, followed by ARMANDO (the circus
text: proprietor from "BS CAPE" ) leading CAESAR, a young but
text: full-grown chimpanzee on a leash, Caeaar, wearing a
text: eheacked shirt, black britches and riding boots, carries
text: a stack of publicity handouts in his hairy hand. The
text: passengers go through a checkpoint at which TWO UNIFORMED
text: STATE SECURITY OFFICERS examine their identity carda.
dialog: There is nothing perfunctory about this: each person's card
text: is scrutinized closely ty the unsmiling officers...
text: Armandc and Caesar are the last in line. Armando handa
text: his card to OFFICER 1, who lecks at it. OFFICER 2 stares
text: disapprovingly at Caesar.
speaker_heading: OFFICER 2
dialog: Do you have authorization to dress
dialog: him like that?
speaker_heading: ARMANDO.
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Armando hands an official-looking document to Officer 2,
text: who scans it, glances indifferently at Caesar.
speaker_heading: OFFICER 2
dialog: A circus ape, huh?
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: And the only one ever to have been
dialog: trained as a bareback rider in the
dialog: entire history of the circus.
text: Officer 2 hands the document back to Armando.
speaker_heading: OFFICER 2
dialog: Circuses are past history.
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: ' Not while I live and breathe.
text: Officer 1 returns Armando's identity card.
speaker_heading: OFFICER 1
dialog: All right, Senor Armando. Go ahead,
dialog: Cant,
dialog: 4
dialog: 14 Cont.
text: Beyond them, the Commuters are entering an elevator.
text: Armando tugs on Caesar's leash,
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: Come!
scene_heading: COMMUTERS ENTERING ELEVATOR i5
text: The gates CIOSE behing them before Armando and Caesar
text: reach the elevator. Armando looks around, leads Caesar
text: toward an interior staircase, They start down.
speaker_heading: OUT A-35
scene_heading: ARMANDO AND CAESAR Be15
text: at a bend in the staircase, out of earshot, as they descand.
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: Did I do all right?
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: Yes. But try to walk a little more
text: like a primitive chimpanzee.
dialog: the Stops to illustrate
dialog: what he means)
dialog: Your arms should move up and down
dialog: from the shoulders -- sol
text: Caesar nods, vaguely puzzled, mimics Armando's movementa,
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: Much better.
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: After twenty years you've picked up
dialog: evolved habits from me. That could
dialog: be dangerous. Even fatal.
speaker_heading: CARSAR
dialog: But, Armando, I don't understand --
text: Armando puts a cautionary arm on Caesar's shoulders, looks
text: carefully around, then gestures him into a passageway.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND PASSAGE C~15
text: As they move toward the mouth of the ampty passage, Armando
text: Speaks with quiet urgency.
dialog: Cont.
scene_heading: REVISED - “CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" - 1/21/72 5
speaker_heading: C-15 Cont
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: Listen to mé, Caesar. There can
dialog: be only one talking chimpanzee on
text: earth, the child of the two talking
dialog: apes, Cornelius and Zira, who came
dialog: to us years ago out of the future
dialog: and Were brutally murdered for fear
dialog: that, one very distant day, Apes
dialog: might dominate the human race.
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: But outside of you no one knows
dialog: I even exist.
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: And we must keep it that way, for
dialog: the fear remains. The mere fact _
dialog: of your existence would be regarded
dialog: as a great threat to mankind. When
dialog: you realize how apes are treated....
text: He traile off, troubled.
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: What were you going to say?
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: (pause, with
dialog: effort
text: The comradeship of the circus where
dialog: humans are kind to animals..,is
dialog: very different from what you are
text: about to see.
text: A pedestrian ENTERS the passageway, comes toward them.
speaker_heading: | CAESAR
dialog: What diff --
speaker_heading: _____ARMANDO
dialog: Shh! Don't talk from now on.
text: He tugs irritably on Caesar's leash for the benefit of
text: the approaching pedestrian.
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: Come! Come!
text: Caesar lurches clumsily forward as the pedestrian passes
dialog: them.
dialog: 6
scene_heading: ESCALATOR BASE - DAY D -15
text: They step onto an ascending escalator, to which Caesar is
text: obviously unaccustomed, for he keeps his eyes glued to his
dialog: feet.
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Prepare for a shock.
text: Caesar stumbles off the escalator, then reacts with total
dialog: astonishment at the sight of:
dialog: our 16-
dialog: 17
scene_heading: SHOPPING CENTER A-17
text: Thronged not only with HUMANS (Anglos, Blacks, Orientals),
text: pursuing their ordinary pleasures, but with APES pursuing
dialog: their appointed tasks. The humans' clothes, though _
dialog: expensively cut, &re austere, monochromatic. The apes'
text: costumes are variegated (gorillas in red, chimpanzees in
text: green, orangutans in tan) -- long-sleeved, full-length
dialog: robes for the females; trousers and chokered-collars
dialog: for the males. This sex-distinction in dress applies
text: equally to the Apes' children -- some of whom are seen
dialog: walking hand itn hand with thelr parents, learning to
text: serve, Some Apes carry baskets of clothing, others brooms
text: to sweep the pavement, or a mistress's dress hung in
text: cellophane over one arm and fresh from the cleaners,
text: Humans carry nothing. There are no vehicles in the
text: streets. And, despite the apes' apparent docility, they
text: exude an air of disquiet; some move slugglishly, openly
text: sullen, Others dart frightened glances at the many
text: POLICE OFFICERS who patrol the streets armed with
text: truncheons and electric "prodders."
dialog: our 16-
dialog: — 26
speaker_heading: CAESAR A-20
text: looks about the mali in growing shock. Armando notes his
dialog: reaction.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 7
dialog: A-20 Cont,
text: OVER all this 4 loudspeaker is steadily BLARING announce-
dialog: ments :
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER
dialog: Attention, attention! This is
dialog: the Watch Commander, Disperse
text: unauthorized ape gathering at the
dialog: foot of Ramp Six! Repeat. Disperse
text: unauthorized ape gathering at the
dialog: foot of Ramp Six!
scene_heading: TWO POLICEMEN -B-20
text: hurry away through the crowd, YELLING at four apes -- three
text: chimps and a gorilla -- who stand at the bottom of a ramp,
text: ataring mutely at one another.
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER
dialog: Take the serial number of each
dialog: offender and notify Ape Control
dialog: immediately. Their masters are
dialog: to be cited and fined. Repeat.
dialog: Their masters are to he cited and
dialog: fined.
text: WHIP PAN back to...
speaker_heading: CAESAR C-20
dialog: looking at....
scene_heading: APE STREETCLEANER D-20
text: A slow-moving GORILLA who leang indolently on his broom.
text: A POLICEMAN appears behind him, jams his electric "prod"
text: into the gorilila's back. The latter ROARS angrily, turns,
text: saes the policeman, grudgingly resumes sweeping along the
text: curb. After a moment, the policeman turns away. The
text: gorilla, noting this, clumally, but with evident defiance,
text: scatters the trash he has accumulated with his broom,
text: then trudges over 1%, an idiotically triumphant smile on
text: hig face.
speaker_heading: CAESAR E-20
dialog: turns to see,,,
dialog: 8
speaker_heading: F-20
text: obviously no longer young, lowers her shopping baskets to
text: the ground, places a hairy hand on her aching side. She
text: sees & bench some yards away, wavers, then moves toward it.
text: Printed on the bench are the words: “NOT FOR APES!" The
text: SICK APE reaches the bench, stares uncomprehendingly at
dialog: the printing. Then, haif-sensing there is something wrong
text: in what she is about to do, she lowers herself onto the
text: hench in a sitting position. TWO POLICEMEN descend on her,
text: the younger one wielding his trunctheon,
speaker_heading: A SICK FEMALE APE
speaker_heading: YOUNG POLICEMAN
dialog: Off, off! No, no! Dont! you see
dialog: the sign?
speaker_heading: OLDER POLICEMAN
dialog: {grimly amused)
dialog: Take it easy. They can't read,
speaker_heading: YOUNGER POLICEMAN
dialog: (worried)
dialog: Not yet they can't.
text: The sick ape wobbles off, snatching up her shopping
dialog: baskets,
scene_heading: CAESAR AND ARMANDO G-20
text: Caesar, horrified, turns to Armando who has tightened the
text: grip on his leash.
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: {a hoarse whisper}
dialog: You said humans treated the apes
dialog: like pets.
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: They did ~- in the beginning.
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: They have made slaves .of them.
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: Shh -~ let me show you what happened,
text: He leads Caesar across the shopping center.
scene_heading: EXT, PET MEMORIAL ~ DAY #-20
text: At the edge of the shopping center, crowning two adjoining
text: pedestals, are the carved marble figures of a dog and cat,
text: identified py respective plaques as ROVER and TABBY. A
text: larger plague at the common base of the two pedestals
dialog: Cont,
dialog: 3
dialog: R~-20 Can!
text: reads: "IN LOVING MEMORY - 1982." Armando and Caesar
text: anter, Caesar gazes in stupefaction at the statues, then
text: turns inquiringly to Armande,
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: They ali died within « few months,
dialog: nine years ago -~ every dog and cat
dialog: in the world. [ft was like a plague.
dialog: The disease that killed them was a
dialog: mysterious virus brought back from
text: outer space by one of the astronauts,
dialog: No existing vaccine or antidote was
dialog: of any heip,
speaker_heading: CABSAR
dialog: Didn't the disease affect numans?
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: No, they were immune, And ao, it
dialog: was discovered, were simians, even
dialog: the smallest ones. Thatts how it
dialog: began -- humans wanting Little
dialog: househeld pets to replace the ones
dialog: they had lost. First it was just
text: the marmosets and tarsier monkeys.
dialog: Phen, &@5 people realized how quick
dialog: they were ta learn, how easy to
dialog: train, the pets became larger and
dialog: larger. Until now...
text: He gestures to the crowd of apes and humana in the shopping
text: canter.
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: It's manstrous.
text: A POLICEMAN appears gome yards away behind them,
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: Now you understand why I've kept
dialog: you away --
dialog: {seeing policeman}
dialog: Come, come!
text: He yanks at Caesar's leash, pulling him away as the
text: Policeman regards them idly.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE ~ SHOPPING CENTER I-+20
text: Armando and Caesar approach an outdoor cafe where a group
text: Of FEMALE HUMANS are seated around a table. LADY 1 clicks
text: & thumb switch on her perspex cigarette ease, and out pops
dialog: Cant.
dialog: 10
dialog: I-20 Cont.
text: & very slim pale green cigarette. In a flash a huge
text: gorilla waiter (FRANK), with a tray in one hand, proffers
text: his lighter with the other.
speaker_heading: . LADY 1
dialog: Thank you, Frank,
text: She inhales and looks at the cigarette thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: LADY 1
dialog: {to LADY 2)
dialog: Funny. Now that I know they won't
dialog: kill me, I don't enjoy them.
text: She stubs the cigarette out in an ashtray. At once FRANK
text: substitutes a new ashtray for the old. Intuitively or
dialog: intelligently? It's hard to say. Armando who sees Caesar
text: watching all this intently, signals for him to atart
text: distributing handbilis.
speaker_heading: LADY 2
dialog: {looking up)
dialog: Well, for heaven sakes! A circus!
speaker_heading: LADY 1
dialog: I saw one once in Europe.
text: As Caesar and Armando move among the tables on the side-
text: walk they encounter two uniformed APE HANDLERS with a huge
text: shackled gorilla (ALDO) in tow. The evolved and the
text: primitive Ape instinctively stop to survey each other,
speaker_heading: HANDLER 1
dialog: (gently tugging
dialog: collar chain)
dialog: No, Aldo.
text: ‘Qn the word "no," Aldo instantly cringes.
speaker_heading: | ARMANDO
dialog: (gently tugging
dialog: Caesar's leash}
dialog: No.
text: After a moment's hesitation, Caesar "cringes" too, We
text: PAN them to the entrance of the bookshop. Ahead of them,
text: LISA, a female chimpanzee is entering the shop.
dialog: 11
scene_heading: INT. BOOKSHOP 21
text: Caesar and Armando enter the shop as Lisa goes up to the
text: counter where a bespectacled LADY BOOKSELLER is seated.
text: Standing patiently to one side and behind her is a male
speaker_heading: ORANGUTAN,
speaker_heading: BOOKSELLER
dialog: (matter of fact)
dialog: Lisa?
dialog: these
text: Lisa froffers a red shopping-card (we shall see more of
speaker_heading: BOOKSELLER
dialog: (reading it; flatly)
dialog: 'A YOUNG QUEEN FALLS'....for
dialog: Mrs. Riley.
text: She consults a catalog; indicates a tall bookcase to the
text: Orangutan behind her. Extends all five fingers of her
dialog: left hand; and three fingers of her right. We PAN
text: Orangutan shuffling to the case. He counts five shelves
text: down from the top, and (erroneously) two titles from the
text: left: "THE STORY OF SERVANTS' LIB" by Herbert Semhouse
text: and “PORN IS DEAD" by Minnie Sokolisky. He hesitates
text: between the latter and "A YOUNG QUEEN FAILS"; and picks
dialog: up “PORN IS DEAD" and takes to:
speaker_heading: BOOKSELLER
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: No,
text: Orangutan halts dead in his tracks.
speaker_heading: BOOKSELLER
dialog: NO!
text: Orangutan cringes helplessly, Bookseller strides irritably
text: to bookcase, takes down the right book, slaps it on the
text: counter. Lisa picks up the book, turns to go. A lock
text: passes between her and Caesar, Lisa likes what she gees.
text: As Lisa moves out of the shop:
speaker_heading: BOOKSELLER
dialog: (to Armando)
dialog: Yes?
text: Armando signals Caesar, who proffers a handout.
speaker_heading: a ARMANDO
dialog: Could you possibly be so kind as
dialog: to display it in your window?
dialog: Cont.
scene_heading: REVISED - “CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" ~ 1/26/72 12
dialog: 21 Cont.
speaker_heading: BOOKSELLER
dialog: {without interest)
dialog: When I've got time.
text: Caesar lays the handout on the counter. He and Armando
text: leave the shop.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: PANNING ARMANDO AND CAESAR 22
text: Moving on down a covered passage past..,
text: The Public Washrooms. On the first door is the silhouette
text: of a man; on the second door, of a woman; and on the third..
text: of an Ape. As Pair pass this last door and move out of
text: SHOT the door opens and a FEMALE CHIMPANZEE emerges with
text: a bag of groceries, smoothing her dress,
dialog: our 23
scene_heading: INT. LADIES' HATRDRESSERS 24
text: Lisa enters, s8til1 clutching "A YOUNG QUEEN FAILS." She
text: walks questingly along the row of open-ended cubicles
text: until she spots her mistress {MRS. RILEY), whose back is
text: turned to us, but whose face is reflected in a flattering
text: wall mirror. She is having her hair dried by a FEMALE
text: CHIMPANZEE with a hand drier. We MOVE IN to include all
text: three in MIRROR-IMAGE with Chimp~-Drier left and Liga behind
text: chair in b.g. Spotting her servant, Mrs. Riley atretches
text: out 4 peremptory hand without turning around. Lisa puts
text: the bock into it.
scene_heading: . MRS. RILEY
dialog: Home, Lisa.
text: As Lisa turns to leave, Caesar and Armando enter the shop,
text: During the ensuing action, Lisa goes out - Caesar gazes
dialog: after her, .
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE 2%
text: Chimp-Drier has suddenly become very interested in.
text: Mrs. Riley's hair, which she first begins to explore with
text: the help of the hand drier and then to pick and search...
text: “cr lice? Mrs. Riley drops her book and screams.
speaker_heading: CUT TQ:
dialog: 13
scene_heading: SHOOTING UP CORRIDOR FROM CUBICLE ENTRANCE - BEAUTY 26
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
text: racing to the rescue. We WHIP PAN her into Mre, Ailey's
text: cubicle, where Chimp-Drier is daintily eating (from her
dialog: fingers) whatever she may have found.
speaker_heading: BEAUTY OPERATOR
dialog: No, Zelda. Wo!
dialog: Chimp-Drier cringea.
speaker_heading: BEAUTY OPERATOR
dialog: Home!
text: Chimp-Drier slinks out of cubicle.
speaker_heading: BEAUTY OPERATOR
dialog: I'm so sorry, Mrs. Riley, Someone'li
dialog: be right along to give you your comb-
dialog: out,
scene_heading: MRS. RILEY
dialog: f{sourly)
dialog: T want it now. I have a luncheon
dialog: date,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT CORNER TABLE ~ MRS, RILEY AND HER 27
speaker_heading: BEAU
text: Armando and Caesar, the latter passing out handouts,
text: appear in the b.g. Caesar stops, watches as Mrs. Riley,
text: exquisitely coiffured, drains her demitasse.
speaker_heading: BEAU
dialog: Thursday, then?
speaker_heading: MRS, RILEY
dialog: (graciousiy}
dialog: Thursday.
text: Both rise and are leaving wnen Beau snaps his fingers,
dialog: vexed.
speaker_heading: BEAU
dialog: I forgot the waiter.
speaker_heading: MRS, RILEY
dialog: J have it,
text: From her purse she takes a‘:small package and hands it to
text: the Beau, whom we PAN to the side of a young CHIMP BUSBOY
dialog: Cont.
scene_heading: REVISED - "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES” - 1/24/72 14
dialog: 27 Cont.
text: studiously watching his HUMAN CAPTAIN prepare crepes
text: suzettes for two NEGRO TYCOONS, .
text: During the ensuing 3cenes, we catch "snatches" of the
dialog: Tycoons! conversation:
speaker_heading: TYCOON 1
dialog: Tne real future is in hydroponic
dialog: farming. I was having a talk with
dialog: my son last night --
speaker_heading: TYCOON 2
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: Oh, Harry, why steer him into
dialog: something like that? The big
dialog: money's in aynthetic alloys --
speaker_heading: TYCOON 1
dialog: If you're selling to the government.
dialog: But look what's happened to the
dialog: space program. Cut to the bone.
speaker_heading: TYCOON 2
dialog: It'1L come back. It'll come back,
speaker_heading: TYCOON 1
dialog: That's what you said about the
text: supersonic transport.
text: As Caesar watches, Beau upends package, and shakes out
dialog: into his own palm:
scene_heading: INSERT - SIX OR SEVEN RAISINS FROM A BRANDED BOX 28
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE 29
text: Beau tips raisins into palm of Chimp Busboy who inetantly
text: eats them before intently rejoining his Captain in a
text: ‘WO SHOT, Chimp watches studicusly as Captain lights the
text: crepes, The flames shoot toward the ceiling, and the
text: Susboy, terrified, races for dear life past Mrs. Riley,
text: Beau, Caesar and Armando toward the entrance.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: No
scene_heading: CAPTAIN'S P.0.V. - CHIMP BUSBOY 30
text: 8tcos dead in his tracks, face frozen in fear, not daring
dialog: te turn around,
scene_heading: REVISED - "CONQUEST CF THE PLANET OF THE APES" - T/ek/72 LY-A
scene_heading: CLOSE ON CAESAR A~30
text: His eyes harden in anger.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CAPTAIN, TYCGONS 32
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: {rolling eyes
dialog: resignedly
dialog: And I told them to condition him
dialog: to fire.ae
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - CAESAR AND ARMANDO A-~3i
text: Armando, realizing that Caesar is approaching the breaking
text: point, tugs forcefully on his leash, drawing him away.
scene_heading: EXT. CIVIC CENTER - MODERN CITY - DAY 32
text: Signs establish the local branch of a nationwide Ape-
text: hiring agency. The main entrance is at present being
text: picketed by Waiters, in and out of uniform, bearing
dialog: placards inscribed:
text: "ONPATIR TO WAITERS"
dialog: "SLAVES ARE SCABS"
dialog: "HIRE MEN NOT BEASTS"
dialog: Cort,
dialog: 15
dialog: 32 Cont.
text: Over this the loudspeaker can be HEARD:
speaker_heading: LOUDSPEAKER
dialog: The labor deronstration on the
dialog: South Plaza will be terminated in
dialog: five minutes. Repeat. The labor
dialog: demonstration on the South Plaza
dialog: will be terminated in five minutes.
dialog: Failure to comply with this order
dialog: can result in a one-year suspension
dialog: of your right to bargain collectively.
text: The waiters are crowding around the newly arrived gorilla,
text: ALDO, whose TWO HANDLERS are vainly trying to get him into
text: the building. Armando and Caesar enter SHOT during:
speaker_heading: . WAITER 1
dialog: What's nis job?
speaker_heading: HANDLER 1
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Forget it. He's a messenger.
speaker_heading: HANDLER 2
dialog: (less quietly)
dialog: For the Governor. So git.
text: He pushes the Walter aside. Other waiters converge
text: aggressively on Handlers, and the shackled Aldo utters a
text: roar of panic, starts to break away from his escort, |
text: lethally flailing his chains. Two Policemen come to the
text: Handlers' rescue. All begin bludgeoning Aldo to the ground,
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE A-32
text: as MACDONALD, a young, handsome, impressively dressed Negro,
text: moves swiftly to where the Police and Handlers are beating
dialog: Aldo,
speaker_heading: ‘MACDONALD
dialog: _ {authoritatively)
dialog: Stop that at once! Ali of you!
text: The Police and Handlers “snap to” when they realize who's
text: talking to them.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN 1
dialog: Yes, sir, Mr. MacDonald. We were
dialog: just --
dialog: Cont.
scene_heading: REVISED - "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES' + 1/24/7- 15-A
dialog: A-32 Cont.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: I saw what you were doing.
dialog: Sedate the animal and get him out
dialog: of here,
text: MacDonald turns, strides toward the building. Policeman 2
text: turns to his partner,
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN 2
dialog: (resentfully)
dialog: Who the hell's that?
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN 1
dialog: (shushing him) |
dialog: Take it easy. MacDonald. The
dialog: Governor's number one assistant.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN 2
dialog: What's the matter? He loves apes?
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN 1
dialog: Don't it figure?
text: Behind them, one of the Handlers produces a hypodermic
dialog: needle.
scene_heading: REVISED - "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES” - 1/24/72 16
scene_heading: CLOSE ON CAESAR B-32
text: He watches with an approving expression as MacDonald
text: moves out of sight into the highrise. Handler 1 brutally
text: jabs the needle into Aldo, who gives a wild yell of pain,
text: resumes struggling. Once again Policeman 1 starts
text: bludgeoning him,
speaker_heading: . CAESAR
dialog: (exploding) —
dialog: Lousy human bastards!
text: As Aldo slumps unconscious to the ground under the effect
text: of the injection, the Police and crowd, most of whose
text: backs have been turned, whip around to see: Armando
text: sweating; Caesar uncontrollably trembling. There is a
text: moment. of silence.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN 1
dialog: Who said that?
dialog: (instantly)
dialog: I did,
text: The two Policemen approach Caesar and scrutinize him.
text: The crowd is murmuring and pointing to Caesar. Armando,
text: sensing mounting danger, quickly thrusts a handout into
text: Policeman 1's hand.
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: (hastily)
dialog: He's a performing ape for my
dialog: elrcus.
text: The Policenian looks down at:
scene_heading: INSERT - HANDOUT 33
text: A rather blurry photograph of Caesar standing on the back
text: of a galloping white horse in “ARMANDO'S OLD-TIME CIRCUS.‘
dialog: our A-33
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: THE POLICEMAN B-33
text: looking up at Caesar and Armando.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN 1
dialog: A talking ape?
speaker_heading: RMANDO
dialog: No, no. That's. ‘4mpos sible.
dialog: I'm the one who spoke.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN 2
dialog: Den't you know it's a criminal
dialog: offense to show disrespect to a
dialog: state official?
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: That was unintentional, I assure
dialog: you. But being sentimental
dialog: about animals, I --
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN 1.
dialog: It didn't sound to me like your
dialog: voice. Yell...'lousy human
dialog: bastards.'
speaker_heading: ARMANDO-
dialog: That's not what I said.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN 2
dialog: It's what we heard. Yell ‘lousy
dialog: human bastards. ?
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: {quite loudly)
dialog: Lousy human bastards!
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN 1
dialog: We said yell.
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: (yelling, in
dialog: possible imitation
dialog: of Caesar)
text: LOUSY HUMAN BASTARDS!
text: The two Policemen exchange a glance.
speaker_heading: . POLICEMAN 2
dialog: Could be,
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN i
dialog: I don't think so.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 18
speaker_heading: B-33 Cor
text: Some of the onlookers: vehemently confirm the: feelings of
text: Policeman 1. "Yes, chat's right," “It was the ape."
dialog: "The ape did speak.’
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN 1
dialog: (turning to crowd)
dialog: You heard it too?
text: Some of the onlookers gather around Policeman 1, nodding
text: confirmation, pointing to Caesar.
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: (growing
dialog: desperation)
dialog: Officer, they're mistaken, I'll
dialog: admit my behavior was inexcusable,
dialog: and I'm deeply sorry, but --
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN 2
dialog: We'd better turn them over to
dialog: headquarters for interrogation.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN 1
dialog: Right.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON ARMANDO. C-33
text: His face goes white with fear.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON CAESAR D- 33.
text: He notes Armando's reaction.
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE - THE GROUP E-33
text: “Behind them, the drugged Aldo makes a final, violent effor
text: to fling off his captors. The Handlers yell for help,
text: end the two Policemen rush to their assistance. Caesar,
text: after a moment's indecision, starts backing away through
dialog: the crowd.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON ARMANDO F-33
text: Yor a few seconds he is unaware that Caesar is no longer
text: a: ris side. Then he turns, sees him stealing away, goes
dialog: efter Bim. ,
dialog: 19
scene_heading: ALDO AND THE POLICE G-33
text: Aldo is quickly brought under control. The two Policemen
text: move back to where Armando and Caesar were last standing,
text: see them hurrying away across the shopping center.
speaker_heading: . POLICEMAN 1
dialog: Stop! Come back!
speaker_heading: CAESAR: H-33
text: He reaches a corner, turns it, treaks into a run. A
text: second later Armando reaches the corner, sees Caesar
text: running away, has no alternative but to run after him,
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - THE POLICEMEN I-33
text: They plow through the crowd, shoving people roughly aside,
text: finally reach the corner, look up and down the broad walkway.
text: Neither Armando nor Caesar is in sight.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND TUNNEL 34
text: Caesar enters the tunnel with Armando. Both are winded,
text: preathing heavily. The tunnel is massively buttressed in
text: bere concrete and sparsely illuminated. Faint street
text: sounds can be heard through the air vents above them..
text: Armando glances fearfully over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: Armando, forgive me. I --
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: No, no. You only said aloud what.
dialog: I was thinking.
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: a ARMANDO
dialog: I might have bluffed it through
dialog: if you hadn't run. Now they
dialog: suspect. you of understanding ail
dialog: that was said.
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: (like a child)
dialog: ‘Let's go back to the circus.
dialog: Cont.
scene_heading: REVISED ~ "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" - 1/21/72 20
dialog: 34 Cont.
speaker_heading: . ARMANDO:
dialog: No, no. That's the first place
dialog: they'11 look.
text: Caesar watches Armando in helpless Bilence, while the
text: latter ponders intently for a few moments.
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: Here's what we'll do. I'll go
dialog: to the police --
speaker_heading: _ CAESAR
dialog: . (alarmed)
dialog: No, no -=.
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: It's the only way, my boy. I'll
dialog: say I couldn't find you, that
dialog: you've run away before, cities
dialog: frighten. you --.
speaker_heading: ‘CAESAR
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: You stay right here. If this
dialog: works I'1] be back by nightfall.
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: | (pause)
dialog: And what if you aren't? It's too
dialog: risky, Armando. Suppose they
dialog: don't let you go?
speaker_heading: . ARMANDO
dialog: They will, they will.
dialog: (pause) |
dialog: But just in case...1f I'm not back
dialog: by then...
dialog: . (pointing
dialog: into the
dialog: darkness )}
dialog: ‘This tunnel leads to the harbor.
dialog: Ape shipments are frequently unloaded
dialog: at night. You must try to infiltrate
dialog: one of them --
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 22
dialog: 34 Cont,}
speaker_heading: | CAESAR
dialog: {frightened}
dialog: But, Armando, I --
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: (presging on}
dialog: Apes imported from overseas
dialog: arrive naked, so you'l} have to
dialog: get rid of those cicthes --+-
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: But I don't want to --
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: We must have an alternative pian.
dialog: Right now the only safe hiding
dialog: piace for you is among your own
dialog: kind.
text: Caesar looks at Armando in silence, then nods in agreement.
text: Armando pats him gently on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: I shouldn't be lung.
text: Armando turns, moves back along the tunnel in the direction
text: from which they originally came. Caesar watches until
text: he is aut of sight, then huddles behind a buttress. For
text: the first time in his life, Caesar is utterly alone...
dialog: QUT = 30°
dialog: 33
scene_heading: INT. BRECK'S SUITE OF OPFICES AT CIVIC CENTER - 4-38
speaker_heading: DUSK
text: Through the wide windows, lights are going on in the ©
text: Medern city. BRECK, the City Governor, is seated behind
text: -Ris desk. A hard-minded, authoritative man in his
text: Mid-thirties, Breck nevertheless can be charming and agree-
dialog: @ble when he wants ta, His right-hand man, MacDonald,
text: Stands near his elbow, Two other men, both bigh officials
text: Am the State Security Agency, are present: KOLP, heavy-set,
text: bespectacled; and HOSKYNS, lean and wiry, Armando, beads
text: rid berspiration on his forehead, is seated in front of
text: as § desk, Beneath Breck's stern exterior, we sense a
dialog: ae" af concern, born of fear,
dialog: Cant.
scene_heading: REVISED - "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" - 1/24/72 22
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: But why did you say ‘human'?
dialog: Human's an odd thing for another
dialog: human to say.
scene_heading: - ARMANDO .
dialog: Mr, Governor, I didn't say 'human.!?
dialog: I said ‘inhuman. | 'Lousy inhuman
dialog: bastards.' And by the Blessed
dialog: Saint Francis, who loved all animals,
dialog: I meant it.
dialog: (looking around)
dialog: I run a circus. I --
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: We know that.
speaker_heading: HOSKYNS
dialog: From twenty years back.
speaker_heading: BRECK.
dialog: (quiet, measured)
dialog: The year. Senor Armando, when the
dialog: two Talking Apes arrived on Earth --
dialog: and conceived a baby, whose
dialog: survival could have threatened
dialog: the future of the human race,
dialog: You remember?
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: Of course, but --
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: (to Breck) | |
dialog: Mr. Governor, it's my understanding
text: that the baby was shot dead with.
dialog: its parents.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: (turning)
dialog: Or 50 it was believed, Mr, MacDonald,
dialog: But since this morning I've been
dialog: wondering whether it was the right
dialog: baby.
text: Armando looks bewildered.
speaker_heading: KOLP |
dialog: The apes could have switched their
dialog: baby for one stolen from the zoo.
speaker_heading: HOSKYNS
dialog: (meaningfully)
dialog: Cr a cireus.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 23
dialog: A-38 Cont.]
text: Armando laughs incredulously. They wait for him to finish.
text: There is a long, ominous pause..
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: (to Breck)
dialog: But, Mr. Governor, you can't be
dialog: serious.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: Let me remind you of the reasons
dialog: why I can. Hoskyns, the cassette.
text: Hoskyns slips a cassette into a desk video-set, during:
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: This is a recording of the
dialog: recommendations made to the then-
dialog: President of the United States by
dialog: the Chairman of the Presidential
dialog: Commission. It's twenty years old
dialog: and a bit scratchy, but you'll
dialog: get the gist.
dialog: | HOSKYNS.
dialog: And perhaps stop leughing.
text: He activates the video-set. The Chairman appears on the
text: screen. We INTERCUT acreen with Armando, Breck, MacDonald,
dialog: Kolp, and Hoskyns.
speaker_heading: CHAIRMAN
dialog: (on the video-tape)
dialog: We believe that the male and female
dialog: Talking Apes, Cornelius and Zira,
dialog: have come to us out of the future.
dialog: We believe their spoken testimony
dialog: that, Some two thousand years hence,
dialog: their descendants will have subjugated
dialog: and all but exterminated the human race
dialog: from the face of Earth. We believe
dialog: that under Ape supremacy Earth itself
dialog: will finally be destroyed, And we
dialog: knew that the Female Ape is now pregnant
dialog: child. If it is possible to alter
dialog: the future (and some of our scientists
dialog: believe it is}, it is our duty to do so.
dialog: The Commission therefore recommends
dialog: that the birth of the Female Ape'ts
dialog: unborn child should be prevented; and
dialog: that, after its prenatal removal, both
dialog: the male and the female should be
dialog: rendered incapable of begetting or
text: bearing another.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 2k
speaker_heading: A-38 Cont.2
text: Hoskyns flicks off the switch.
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: But every zoo in California --~
dialog: public or private ~- was searched
dialog: by the police. And every circus
dialog: -~ including my own.
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: {consulting
dialog: file)
text: Where they found a baby chimpanzee.
speaker_heading: - ARMANDO
dialog: {proudly}
dialog: The only chimpanzee ever to be
dialog: horn in a circus ~~ and legally
dialog: certified to have been born &
dialog: month before the Talking Apes
dialog: arrived on Earth.
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: Where is he now?
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: I wish I knew. I told you, I've
dialog: Searched everywhere «~
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Senor Armande?
dialog: (rising,
dialog: coming around
dialog: his desk)
dialog: Let me try to impress upon you
dialog: the seriousness of this problem.
dialog: Your cirecvs travels mainly in
dialog: the provinces, does it not?
speaker_heading: . ARMANDO
dialog: Yes, sir,
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: Then you are unaware of the rising
dialog: “ide of disobedience ~- of downright
dialog: defiance -- among the servant apes
dialog: in Our cities,
dialog: Cont.
scene_heading: REVISED - “CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES” - L/e1/?2 25
dialog: A-38 Cart.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: | (calmly)
dialog: Mr. Governor, on investigation
dialog: many of the reported offenses have
dialog: proved to be minar.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: | {angry}
dialog: The ape that was killed while
text: trying to escape from the city
dialog: last night -- would you call his
dialog: offense minor, Mr. MacDonald?
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: {still firm}
dialog: No, sir, I would not. But --
speaker_heading: . BRECK
text: He physically sasaulted his own
dialog: master!
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: Only after what must have been
dialog: extreme provocation, The ape's
dialog: entire body was a mags of scare
dialog: and welts inflicted by beating ~--
speaker_heading: BRECK .
dialog: Which he no doubt richly deserved!
dialog: (pause) |
dialog: An@ God knows how many more out
dialog: there are just like him. Ali
text: burning with resentment, all primed
dialog: and ready..-all..,
dialog: {turning
dialog: Waiting, cJenor Armando...waiting
dialog: for an ape with enough will and
dialog: intelligence to lead them. An
dialog: ape that can think and talk...
dialog: . {carefully)
dialog: Did your ape ever talk ~<« or show
dialog: any Bigns of being articulate in
dialog: your presence?
speaker_heading: ARMA NDG
dialog: (scornfully)
dialog: Never in my presence or anyone
dialog: @lse's. You can question my circus
dialog: hands.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: We intend to. Meanmehile...you'll
dialog: remain in custody.
scene_heading: REVISED ~ "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES” - L/2t/T2 = 2H~A
scene_heading: EXT. WAREHOUSE AREA ~ ADJACENT WATERFRONT « NIGHT 39
text: 4n out-of-focus, migty oval LIGHT, set in a mess of
text: blackness, clarifies itself -- into one terrified green
text: EYE encased in dark fur,
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 26
text: ZOOMING OUT FURTHER, we find its owner is an 39 Con
speaker_heading: ORANGUTAN.
speaker_heading: FOLLOW with:
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS. ko
scene_heading: VERY QUICK, VERY BIG CLOSEUPS of: GORILLAS and ORANGUTANS
text: registering FEAR. Their mouths move constantly, quivering
text: salivating: their eyes, frightened, dart thie way and tha
text: and their faces - in their abject terror - grimace and
text: contort into obscene images.
scene_heading: STRANGE, METALLIC SOUNDS, and SUDDEN, INTERMITTENT FLASHES
text: of HARSH LIGHT rake their faces, momentarily blinding them
text: and adding to their fear, so that the incessant gibbering
text: and grunting increase in volume.
text: We WHIP PAN from one to the other, and back again with
text: hand-held Camera - OBLIQUE ANGLES, occasional LENS
text: DISTORTION, and MOOD LIGHTING heighten the nightmarish
dialog: quality of this sequence.
text: ZOOMING OUT STILL FURTHER we find that the half-crazed
text: animals are behind bare, cramped into what appears
dialog: (spacewise) a totally inadequate wooden crate or cage -
text: and an exceedingly unatable cage at that.
text: It WOBBLES and TILTS alarmingly, so that ita occupants,
text: losing their balance, stumble and bump against one another
text: slip and fall - in their pathetic efforts to retain
text: balance, their arms flail wildly and dangerously, so that
text: without intended malice, they hit one another with numerow
text: vicious punches.
text: Thies results in several ugly brawls of short. duration,
text: ‘but horrible bloodshed is not far away.
text: Those who have fallen, trodden upon and kicked aside,
text: clutch and clew at those who are nearest in their efforts.
dialog: to regain their feet.
text: And as panic mounts, SNARLING turns to BITING:
scene_heading: ANGLE FROM INSIDE CAGE 4}
text: SHOOTING THROUGH BARS. As the CAGE SWAYS and LUNGES
text: DOWNWARD, TILTING first this way, then that - the GORILLAS
text: and ORANGUTANS are hazy, fleeting blurs in the f.g. as the:
text: are tossed first to thig side, and then to the other.
text: Through the bars of the cage, nothing cen be seen except
text: Jet blackness (the night ia truly moonless).
text: Wow - as the cage continues its plunge earthward - a SION
text: tan be glimpsed, ill-illuminated and hard to decipher.
text: ¢CCHING IN we just have time to discern what the sign says:
speaker_heading: PIER 39
text: Then it disappears out of the top of our frame.
dialog: 27
scene_heading: ANGLE FROM OUTSIDE CAGE ko
text: SHOOTING UPWARDS as it descends. Its destination ia a
text: TRUCK; dimly (and only partially) revealed in the darkness:
dialog: what 16 apparent, though, is that the cage will only just
text: fit into the back of this vehicle.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 43
text: ZOOMING THROUGH THE BLACKNESS into a corner at the rear
text: of the truck - we discover, crouched down low, Caesar -
text: looking apprehensively up at:
scene_heading: THE CAGE DESCENDING ky
text: Its speed, size, and weight is highly alarming - especially
dialog: to Caesar. .
dialog: Just when it seems nothing can save Caesar from being _
text: crushed to death - he decides to make a last-second dash
text: for it, and leap out the back of -the truck.
dialog: But he nas left it too late.
text: Halfway across the truck, Caesar realizes he cannot reach
text: his objective ~ the bottom of the swiftly descending cege
text: {is now but a few feet above him - and Caesar does the only
text: thing left open to him.
text: He hurls himself to the side, pressing himself flat against
dialog: tne woodwork,
text: Stmultaneously, the CAGE falls with a SICKENING THUMP -
text: its outer edge misses decapitating Caesar by inches.
text: Tne hysterical occupants squeal and gibber, and in. this
text: confined space the ruckus is CHILLING,
text: With no waste of time at all, the tailgate of the truck is
text: hoisted into position.
text: Again the CAGE trembles and shakes as the TRUCK atarte
text: upon its journey.
text: Gradually the grunts. squeals. and gibbertngs subside -
text: 8 the occupants become aware of Caesar - and there is
text: Something about Caesar which disturbs them.
text: S-spiciously, one at a time, they gather at the bars of
dialog: Lf cage,
dialog: -
dialog: no
text: ‘3°€S peer curiously out at:
dialog: 28
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CAESAR 45
text: Pressed up against the side of the truck, and the cage.
text: Caesar slips his hand through the bars, pulls back a bolt,
text: then another, entera the cage, and rebolts it.
text: At this moment. the TRUCK now obviously traveling at speed
dialog: (we never see outside and we follow its progress by the
text: behavior of the cage) hits a large bump.
text: This throws the “inmates” off balance again -- all except
dialog: Caesar, who, of course, has hed the good sense to hang
text: onto a bar,
text: Caesar's face cannot help - albeit fleetingly - registering
text: @ modicum of contempt as he beholds his companions,
text: sprawling grotesquely on the floor,
speaker_heading: CUT To:
scene_heading: EXT. APE MANAGEMENT (COMMUNICATIONS, TRAINING, AND 4&6
scene_heading: BREEDING CENTER) - NIGHT
speaker_heading: ( IRVINE)
text: PAN from SIGN indicating above - and ZOOM INTO the dark
text: bowels of a RECEPTION AREA, situated beneath a prison-~like
text: building, whose foundations consist of four giant pylons.
text: A solitary sign - RECEPTION - is illuminated in the murky
text: darkness: a TANNOY ANNOUNCES:
scene_heading: VOICE OVER TANNOY
dialog: Shipment five-oh-seven-I-fore :
dialog: Indonesia ex Borneo now arriving at
dialog: Number Two gate...
text: The BACK of a TRUCK, as it reverses into a bay, comes into
text: Aa the TAILBOARD is suddenly let down with a startling
text: CLANG, gibbering, frightened APES (save for CAESAR) fil}
dialog: Our screen, and we;
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: TNT. COMMUNICATIONS CENTER - APE MANAGEMENT - NIGHT 47
speaker_heading: (STUDIO)
text: An OPAQUE, GLASS-SOUNDPROOFED OFFICE busily manned by
text: PHONE OPERATORS and MESSENGERS ~- their uniforms are stark,
dialog: #evere - like their voices:
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: (into mike)
dialog: Shipment. five-oh-nine-A-for-Africa
dialog: ex French Cameroons now arriving at
dialog: fiumber four gate.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - RECEPTION AREA 4e
dialog: We CLOSE to:
speaker_heading: OPERATOR 2
dialog: (into mike) |
dialog: After fingerprinting, shipment
dialog: five-oh-seven-L-tor-Indonesia ex
dialog: Borneo will proceed direct to
dialog: Conditioning Cage nine-oh.
text: We see that the GLASS OFFICE is semi-cireled by 3 APE
text: CAGES labeled: "GORILLAS", “ORANGUTANS", "CHIMPANZEES".
text: And the air is loud with the BARKING and GIBBERING of all
dialog: three species.
dialog: We CLOSE to:
scene_heading: IMMIGRATION BARRIER kg
text: Shipment 507 I-For-Indonesia is approaching. 1 male and
text: 2 female Orangutans, followed by: Caesar, As the
text: Orangutans are fingerprinted by an OFFICIAL (under Police
dialog: scrutiny) - Operator 3's voice continues:
scene_heading: _ OPERATOR 3'S VOICE.
dialog: (on P.A.)
dialog: Immigration Personnel are reminded
dialog: that, from tonight and until further
dialog: notice, Police have requested one
dialog: repeat one additional copy of all
dialog: chimpanzee fingerprints for their
dialog: files.
text: Caesar is fingerprinted, before allowing himself to be led
text: docilely out of shot by HANDLER 1. Official passes the
text: set of prints to Policeman, who slips them into a bulky
dialog: envelope,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT./INT. CONDITIONING AREA - CLOSE SHOT ~ A WHOOSH! 50
speaker_heading: OP ORANGE FLAME
text: ®purts (as we PULL BACK) across and outside the bars of
text: ‘® cage labeled "FIRE CONDITIONING" containing 3 Orangutans
text: who rush to crouch at the cage’s rear, where they squeal
text: and gibber in panic. OPERATOR cuts out the flame blast.
text: KEEPER 1 offers. banana through cage bars; and after
text: hesitation Orangutan 1 timidly advances halfway down the
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 30
dialog: 30 Cont
text: Cage - and stops. Another whoosh! of flame from
text: Operator's nozzle, The other apes aqueal, gibber and
text: cringe in cage'a rear. Orangutan 1 flincnes . . . but
text: stays put. and finally advances to accept the banana. One
text: last whoosh! The squealing has diminished in cage's rear,
text: and Orangutan 2 tentatively detaches himself and achteves
text: the halfway mark. Orangutan 1 has not budged from the
text: front of the cage. He stretches an arm through the bars,
text: and accepts . . . a third banana. Caesar, with Handler 1,
text: crosses screen in f.g.; and to the loudening sound of
dialog: pop music in the late 1980's, we follow them to:
scene_heading: "NOISE CONDITIONING" CAGE 51
text: Here MUSIC deafens and strobic lights dazzle 3 chimpan:eces
text: whose hands alternately cover their ears and eyes -- lite
text: monkeys who will hear and see no evil. As the lighting.
text: steadies, a demonstration is arranged at cage-front, where
text: young KEEPER 2 is seated at a small round table. To hin
text: advances a trained Chimpanzee carrying a Coke bottle witn
text: etceteras on a tray. MUSIC REACHES an ear-aplintering
text: peak, as he puts e@ paper napkin on the table, sets the
text: Coke bottle on the napkin, opens the bottle with an opener,
text: inserts a straw in the bottleneck, bows . . . and receives
text: @ banana. Music and lighting cut out abruptly.
dialog: | KEEPER 2.
dialog: Okay! Again!
text: Music and strobic lighting re-start, as we PAN Caesar
dialog: and Handler 1 away towards:
scene_heading: *NO" CAGE - 2 GORILLAS 52
text: with head electrodes, lie buckled to two hospital beds.
text: We INTERCUT KEEPER 3 throwing a lever-switch eacn time
text: @ wall-speaker blares:
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: No.
text: fhe gorillas €o into spasm.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: (louder)
dialog: No! .
dialog: ‘The Bpesms worsen,
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: (loudest)
dialog: ‘Tre €or.
text: 8S £2 inte convulsions.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 3%
speaker_heading: CAESAR REACTING 53
text: frozen to deadpan immobility. We PULL BACK to include
text: Hendler 1 watching him, ag Caesar watches:
scene_heading: P.O.¥, SHOT ~ "HO" CAGE 54
text: Keeper 3 cuts out power by throwing lever-switch back to
text: rero, and walks over to Gorilla 1, on whom he looks down.
speaker_heading: KEEPER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: No.
text: Though there is no power, the still recumbent Gorilla 1
text: sutomatically simulates spasm.
dialog: Cur TO:
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - CAESAR AND HANDLER 1 55
text: Caesar makes a sudden angry movement towards the cage.
speaker_heading: LER i
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: No!
dialog: And to Caesar's eternal credit he, too, instantly
text: Simulates shock-spasm, which looks ag though he were...
dialog: “oringing", From inaide cage:
speaker_heading: Next’ KEEPER 3
text: A pause, as Handler 1 locks aprpraisingly at Caesar. Then:
speaker_heading: HANDLER 1
dialog: {to Keeper}
dialog: Skip it. He's got the message.
text: And Handler 1 leads Caesar forward.
dialog: our 56
dialog: Cur TO:
dialog: 32
scene_heading: INT, OUTSIDE “CHIMPANZEE” CAGE - HANDLER 1 AND $7
scene_heading: KEEPER 4 SHACKLING CARSAR'S LEGS ~ NIGHT
text: Three Chimps inside the cage are noisily begging for food
dialog: through the dars.
speaker_heading: KEEPER 4
dialog: They're a bit uppity. I haven't
dialog: fed then.
dialog: Handler 1 watches:
scene_heading: P.O.V. SHOT - KEEPER 4 - PILOTING CAESAR INTO CAGE 58
text: where three ravenous Chimps redouble their CLAMOR for
text: food. Caesar, entering docilely, turns his back on thes
text: and peers through bars at Keepr 4 (outside) who, having
text: locked the cage, proffers 4 banana to Caesar.
speaker_heading: KEEPER 4
dialog: (automatically)
dialog: That's fer keepin' quiet.
text: As Caesar accepts banana, the SHRIEKING Chimps hurtle
text: towards him from behind. Caesar spins round over a:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: BIG HEAD - CAESAR - COMPLETING TURN 59
text: Ris gyes glittering with etrange authority. Instantly
text: SHRIEKING dwindles to silence, eas we:
speaker_heading: ‘CUT TO:
scene_heading: REVISED - “CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" - 1/27/72
dialog: 
dialog: 33
scene_heading: FROM CAESAR'S P.0.V. ~- SILENT CHIMPS 60
text: backing away into the rear of cage, where they crouch and
text: stare at. him as though hypnotized.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: CLOSEUP - CAESAR 61
text: staring back.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: P,0,V. SHOT - CHIMPS 62
text: Two lower their eyes. One hides his with his hands.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - CAGE - CAESAR, CHIMPS 63
text: He walks toward them, peeling the banana. In front of
dialog: them, he breaks 1t into three pieces, givea one to each
text: Chimp. Then he sits down among his own kind.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON OPEN-MOUTHED KEEPER 4 64
text: CAMERA PULLS BACK to include impressed Handler 1.
speaker_heading: — KEEPER 4
dialog: Hey, did you see that?
scene_heading: CLOSE ON CAESAR AAAA-~64
text: He atiffens, realizing he may ‘have displayed too much
dialog: intelligence.
scene_heading: BACK TO KEEPER 4 AND HANDLER 1 AAA-64
speaker_heading: a HANDLER 1
text: Watch him, a leader has arrived.
scene_heading: GIOSE ON CAESAR AA-64,
text: fe relaxes, looks back at the other chimps.
scene_heading: BaP. CIVIC CENTER - MODERN CITY. - NIGHT A-64
text: ELT UP the gaunt, black edifice which houses various
dialog: @vernmental depar tments..
dialog: ouT B-64-
dialog: 108
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 34
scene_heading: INT, STATE SECURITY OFFICES - INTERROGATION A-108
scene_heading: ROOM - PHOTO OF CORNELIUS (from "ESCAPE") ON DESK
speaker_heading: TOP - NIGHT
text: A man's hand (Kolp's) scoops up the photo. PULL BACK to
text: show Armando, his face grey and drawn from lack of sleep,
text: seated on a chair in the center of the cell-like, harshly-
text: lit room. Hoskyns is also present. Kolp holds up the
dialog: photo before Armando,
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: Have you ever seen this: ape before?
speaker_heading: ARMANDO.
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Isn't it...Cornelius?
speaker_heading: _ HOSKYNS
dialog: (pouncing)
dialog: I thought you didn't know him?
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: (trying to rally)
dialog: You told me yourself. The talking
dialog: ape that was murdered --
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: Exectited.,,.
text: Hoskyns, with his other hand, shoves the “handout" picture
text: of Caesar riding his horse in the circus.
speaker_heading: EFOSKYNS
dialog: Would you say there's a resemblance?
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: No...
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: (hard)
dialog: Like father, like son?
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: No!
text: Me tries to sound emphatic, but we see the beginnings of
text: terror in his eyes,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 35
scene_heading: EXT. APE MANAGEMENT (COMMUBICATIONS, TRAINING, 109
scene_heading: AND BREEDING CENTER} ~ DAY
speaker_heading: (IRVINE)
text: MOVE PAST SIGN indicating above - and ZOOM OUT to show an
text: impressive spectacle of APES being trained in various
dialog: tasks,
speaker_heading: QUICK CUTS A-109
text: Apes being trained to put on their uniforma correctly.
text: One Male puts his coat on back to front; another does
text: jikewlse with his trousers, so that the fly 18 at the back.
text: A Female puts her head into the sleeve hole of her uniform,
text: gets her head stuck, and blindly panics. ‘The INSTRUCTORS.
text: elways precede the correction of an error with a loud,
dialog: firm "NO!"
text: Hygiene Clsss. Apes line up behind a single wash besin
text: whose faucets are foot-operated. Above it is 4 paper
text: towel container, and below that is a waste basket. Apes
dialog: wash and dry their hands, a8 we shall see later in their
text: ‘wash room" scenes. One Ape dries his handa first and
text: then washes them.
scene_heading: INSTRUCTOR.
dialog: No!
text: Row Caesar correctly washes and dries his hands and face,
text: and impresses the Instructor.
text: Waiting-at-Tadle Class. An Ape pours iced water from a
text: huge pitcher jug into a glass...and goes on pouring until
dialog: the table is flooded,
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR
dialog: No!
text: Caesar intervenes and actually guides the Ape's hand ori
text: the jug so that the glass ia correctly filled. Inatructor
dialog: feacts, open-moauthed,
dialog: cur TO:
scene_heading: PARSING A SIGN POINTING TO: "NIGHT-WATCH APES B-109
speaker_heading: TRAIN IAG *
text: & "sques" of TRAINEE APES - including Caesar - are lined
text: wis. * >.edrangle before an ultra-modern building of
dialog: or lestony
speaker_heading: INSTRUCTOR
dialog: . {to Handler 1}
dialog: ivi. be the visitor and you play
dialog: ""* vorplar,
dialog: Cant,
dialog: 36
dialog: B-109 Cort
speaker_heading: HANDLER 1
dialog: Okay.
scene_heading: SHOOTING PAST CAESAR IN F.G. 110.
text: as Instructor approaches “house" in b.g. and is “admitted”
dialog: by 0.8. assistant.
text: Now Handler 1 stealthily approaches "house;" and as he
text: starts to climb up the facade, Caésar is after him in a
text: flash. Handler 1 reaches top story and clambers through
text: window, leaving one leg momentarily dangling outside. ©
text: Caesar grasps the leg from which he hangs. by hia right hand
text: while producing, in his left, a whistle which he repeatedly
text: and triumphantly blows. Handler 1 frees his leg from
text: Caesar, gives him an encouraging pat and a banana.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: CLOSE ON GENETICIST A-110
text: He wears a white sterilized uniform, speaks into s
dialog: microphone.
speaker_heading: GENETICIST
dialog: Attention Training Control. Four
dialog: females have arrived for insemination;
text: three gorillas and one chimpanzee,
dialog: Please select four superior males --
dialog: three gorillas, one chimpanzee --~
dialog: and send them to the Breeding Annex
dialog: immediately.
text: He clicks off the microphone,
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT - CAESAR AND THREE GORILLAS ‘B-110
text: ‘Being “marched" down an “open air" corridor. Caesar
text: @lances o.5., smiles, hesitates,
scene_heading: CAESAR'S P.O.V. - APE NURSERY C-110
text: @ row of tiny cribs is lined up in front of a window.
speaker_heading: CARSAR D-110
text: M@ilirg, taps on the window, trying to attract. the ape
text: Batters! attention, The Handler prods him tolerantly.
speaker_heading: _ HANDLER
dialog: --f" ON, Come on.
dialog: Dawae foim-.
dialog: ‘°S forward again,
scene_heading: REVISED - “CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES” - 1/31/72 37
scene_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE 112,
text: The Apes turn into @ corridor that is flanked by weird-
text: Shaped apertures.
dialog: 
text: The Apes line up in front of these “apertures™ - and,
text: prodded by their handlers, disappear inside.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CAESAR ile
text: aS, om a prod from Handler 1, he enters his allotted
dialog: “aperture”,
text: He stares 0.8. at something: blinks, then shrugs witn s
dialog: grin of resinanation,
scene_heading: INT, "OPEN AIR” CELL 113
text: The object of Caesar's “attention™ is a (to him} voluptuous
text: FEMALE CHIMPANZER -- and her attitude makes plain that
dialog: she’s ready for festivities to begin,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, APE MANAGEMENT ~- COMMUNICATIONS CENTER. Lia
dialog: GROUP of APES being “processed” (1,e. fingerprints checked,
text: ecards filed in computer) before being transported to the
dialog: city for auction. Csesar amonyst them. We CLOSE TO:
speaker_heading: OPERATOR 1
dialog: (phoning and jotting
dialog: on pro forma}
dialog: Far immediate salé...one female
dialog: Orangutan.,.age seven.,.fully
dialog: conditioned bedmaker Grade A...Yes,
dialog: Ma'am, we have @ vacancy...ves, you
dialog: whil te credited after auction.
scene_heading: RET. THE APE MART ~ MODERN CITY - DAY Li5
text: & auall semi-circular "arena" in front of the ultra-modern
dialog: Bloping bullcing, which temporarily “houses" those Apes
dialog: ho are to be auctioned.
text: Ta the “arena' is a ROSTRUM and AUCTIONEERS and behind a
text: ‘Shout barricade are the BUYERS and "GAWKERS", In the
text: Mmbsence we see MRS. RILEY and her Servant, LISA,
text: Pere te 8 stir in the crowd as a prominent personage _
text: Aleives with his ENTOURAGE. We ZOOM in on a MOVING SHOT
text: $f Breck as he comes through the crowd toward p roped-off
text: ter near the rostrum. He smiles genially, waves in
dialog: f*Pers oo tre applause, MacDonald at his eloow, followed
text: ee EE ot Breck’s hard-eyed, but intelligent-looking
dialog: Pewee
speaker_heading: svtkech ASSISTANTS ,
dialog: Cant.
scene_heading: REVISED - “CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" - 1/24/72 38
speaker_heading: L115 Cont
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT 1
dialog: Mr. Governor, I've drafted a
dialog: Statement for the Manpower Commigsion.
speaker_heading: Yes? BRECK
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT 1
dialog: {reading from a
dialog: | Blip of paper}
dialog: Dear Mr. Chairman: While the
dialog: Admintetration {s in sympathy with
dialog: your aims, the reinstatement of a
dialog: three-hour work week is unlikely
dialog: in the near future.
speaker_heading: 7 BRECK
dialog: Change ‘unlikely! to ‘tmpoasible’
dialog: ang send it out over my signature.
text: Assistant 1 turns to go as Assistant 2 appears at Breck's
dialog: elbow.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT ¢
dialog: Here's the latest 1.9. profile on
dialog: &ll apes tested within the tast four
dialog: weeks, It's risen by three and
dialog: two-thirds points...
speaker_heading: “‘BRECK
dialog: {annoyed}
dialog: Show that to Mr. MacDonald, He
dialog: thinks I'm imagining things.
text: Assistant 2 turns with a smug grin, starts to hand the
text: report to MacDonald, who waves it back.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: {with an edge)
dialog: i assembled that data, Morgan,
dialog: You summarized the wrong part.
dialog: As a result, their work output
text: has risen.
dialog: {to Breck, with a
dialog: hard smile)
dialog: Which I thought the Governor
dialog: might regard as good newa,
dialog: firerk returns th :
text: : ul & smilie bleakly as Assistant 3 appears
dialog: Mi hla elbow. y PP
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: PR Rr
dialog: 
scene_heading: REVISED - “CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" ~ 1/2h /72 38-4
dialog: 125 Gont.1l
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT 3
dialog: Sir, we've just received a rather
dialog: discouraging report on the new
dialog: eutomated sanitation plant --
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: (waving the man
dialog: aside}
dialog: Later, later.
text: He comes to a halt at the rope barrier, iooks toward the
dialog: rostrum.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: Start the bidding.
text: The Auctioneer nods. He waves a Female Chimpanzee forward,
dialog: 39
scene_heading: INT, DARK STEPS LEAD UP TO. DAYLIGHT A-115
text: Caeser, his back to us + is blackly silhouetted ageinst
text: the outer glare.
text: Handler 1 makes final adjustments to Caesar's uniform:
text: then indicates to Caesar that he should mount the steps.
scene_heading: EXT. APE MART ‘B-115
text: Caesar enters the "arena" followed at three paces (a sign
text: of confidence) by Handler 1, who nonetheless carries leg
dialog: shackles - by order.
text: As Caesar appears, the crowd immediatel, demonstrates its
text: “approval” with MURMURINGS - as when a speciaily rine two-
text: year old is led into the “ring" at a racehorse auction.
text: Caesar, facing the crowd, and looking resplendent in his
text: scarlet uniform, tries valiantly to adjust his eyes to
dialog: the gl are,
text: ZOOM PAST Caesar and into BRECK who stares back at Caesar -
text: ‘unblinking.
dialog: Meanwhile:
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GAVEL C-115
text: as it THWACKS DAIS and we PULL SWIFTLY BACK TO:
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
dialog: Sold to Mr. and Mrs. Van Thal!
text: The Female Chimpanzee is escorted from the dais as the
text: Auctioneer picks up fresh specification sheet.
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
text: Lot eight. One male chimpanzee...
text: Handler 1. touches Caesar gently - and indicates the dais,
text: which the Female Chimp has Just vacated.
text: Me she passes Caesar, she cranes her neck to get a better
text: ook at him: and for a fleeting moment Caesar's eyes meet
text: ‘Caesar passes the rail, behind which are the Buyers, they
dialog: am forward to get a better look: he is indeed a magnificen!
text: hm, noble, dignified, almost human in his bearing.
speaker_heading: INTERCUT:
speaker_heading: REVISED - "CoN
dialog: 
scene_heading: UEST OF THE PLANET OF ‘THE APES" - 1/31/72 4o
scene_heading: AUCTIONEER AND BUYERS WITH CAESAR AND HANDLER 116
text: parading past rail, during:
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
dialog: »--dn early prime and perfect
dialog: physical condition. Under .
dialog: observation, appeared so familiar,
dialog: obedient, docile and intelligent
dialog: with humans that conditioning was
dialog: not considered necessary, but can
dialog: be provided on request,
text: During this, Caesar and Handler 1 pass:
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BRECK 1i7
text: who looks at Caesar, then at his programme - and back to
text: Caesar with growing interest and a hint of suspicion.
scene_heading: BRECK'S P,0,V. - CAESAR 118
text: and Handler 1; who, at foot of dais, trips, and putting
text: out a hand to break his fall, drops the leg shackies
dialog: with a CLANK!
text: Caesar quietly halts; as quietly looks back to see what
text: has happened; and, as Handler J] rises to dust himself
text: down, hands him. back the leg shackles with a barely
text: perceptible bow.
text: ON SOUND TRACK: a louder MURMUR from o.s. Crowd.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON BRECK 119
text: watching, poker-faced.
speaker_heading: CUT TO;
scene_heading: ABGLE ON CAESAR A-119
text: Pecoming aware of the Crowd's interest in him, their
dialog: oe ne vocal appreciation, realizes (perhaps just in time)
text: © he has all but dropped his guise of being an ordinar
dialog: Pe ~ albeit a highly-developed member of the spectes,
dialog: Wt still an spe.
dialog: Cont,
scene_heading: "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" -
dialog: 
speaker_heading: REVISED -
dialog: 
dialog: A-119 Cont.
text: Inteliigently, he "slips" into a more normal ape "posture"
text: ~ and instead of walking, head erect, up the ateps of the
text: dais, he shuffles a bit - and by the time he has reached
text: the platform, his walk is a little more of a shamble, and
text: he sags a trifle - nothing too obvious, nothing too sudden.
dialog: But we, the audience, admire his cleverness...
speaker_heading: ‘CUT TO:
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LISA AND MRS. RILEY B-119
text: Lisa shows great interest in Caesar.
dialog: 4)
scene_heading: FULL SHOT ~ ARENA 120
text: Caesar and:Handler 1 stand stationary on the dais, while the
text: Auctioneer goes into his “spiel”:
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
dialog: Starting at eight hundred dollars...
dialog: What am I bed for this superb specimen?
dialog: cur TO;
scene_heading: CROSSCUTTING BIDDERS, AUCTIONEER AND CAESAR 121
speaker_heading: . BIDDER 1
dialog: (instantly)
dialog: Eight fifty.
speaker_heading: BIDDER 2
dialog: Nine.
speaker_heading: . BIDDER 3
dialog: Nine fifty.
speaker_heading: BIDDER 4
dialog: (tensely)
dialog: One thousand.
speaker_heading: BIDDER 3
dialog: Eleven hundred.
speaker_heading: BIDDER 2
dialog: Eleven fifty.
text: Breck is watching Caesar intently.
speaker_heading: ‘BIDDER 4
text: Twelve hundred.
text: Bidder 4 is a rich-looking (and sour-looking) elderly
text: gentieman in a wheelchair.
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER:
dialog: Going to the gentleman in the
dialog: wheelchair and a very wise choice
dialog: if I may say so, Sir. Going...
dialog: going...
scene_heading: “WO SHOT - BRECK AND MACDONALD: . A-121
text: Oreck turns to MacDonald, whispers swiftly.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: Euy him.
speaker_heading: — MACDONALD
dialog: (calling out}
dialog: Fifteen hundred.
dialog: 42
dialog: B~-121
text: The crowd MURMURS. Bidder 4 turns, looks angrily at
dialog: MacDonald,
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE ~. THE CROWD
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER .
dialog: Fifteen hundred bid by Mr, MacDonald --
speaker_heading: BIDDER 4
dialog: Fifteen hundred anda --
speaker_heading: AUCTIONEER
dialog: (persisting firmly}
dialog: ~.-for...His Excellency,
dialog: Governor Breck?...
text: ‘MacDonald neds. The Auctioneer looks politely -- but
text: ‘Knowingly -- at Bidder 4, who has subsided into sullen
dialog: pilence. No one bids against the Governor,
speaker_heading: | AUCTIONEER
dialog: Going, going, gone. So1d to
dialog: Mr, MacDonaid for fifteen hundred.
text: And the falling gavel STRIKES:
scene_heading: ‘EXT. CIVIC CENTER - DAY C3223
text: ZOOM to a penthouse atop the highest buliding in the
dialog: complex.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ‘INT, BRECK'S SUITE OF OFFICES - DAY p-222
text: ‘Breck, seated at his desk, 18 signing papers, checking
text: memoranda placed in front of him by his yarious ASSISTANTS,
text: apapping instructions over the intercom at his elbow.
text: Across the room MacDonald is standing at the bar, Caesar
text: t his elbow. Breck glances up to watch them as:
scene_heading: CLOSER SHOT - CAESAR AND MACDONALD #-121
text: MecDensld sets a decanter of whiskey, a bottle of soda
text: water, and two glasses on the bar in front of Caesar.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: {to Caesar)
dialog: Watch,
dialog: eo seme whiskey into one of the glasses, then squirte
text: .. tu in, Filling the glass about halfway up. MacbDena ii
text: +", points at the second glass,
dialog: Cent .
dialog: 43
dialog: £-121 Cont
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: Do,
text: Caesar picks up the decanter, pours some whiskey into the
text: glass, looks up to see;
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BRECK P-12)
text: watching closely. Breck turne to the last assistant at his
dialog: agesk.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: That'll be all, We can go over
dialog: this report later.
text: The assistant withdraws.
scene_heading: ANGLES ON CAESAR G-121
text: aware that Breck is watching him, puts down the decanter,
text: picks up the soda bottle, presses down on the siphon,
text: deliberately Pilling the glase to the top, and letting the
text: contents overflow onto the bar.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: No, no, no}
text: He cuffs Caesar on the hand, then tosses a towel to him.
speaker_heading: . MACDONALD
dialog: Clean it up. Clean. Clean,
speaker_heading: WiDER ANGLE H-~1271
text: Breck rises, comes from behind his desk with a faintly
text: Yelieved smile on his face. Caesar ta mopping the bar
dialog: _ehumsily.
dialog: - BRECK .
text: It seems he's not so bright after
dialog: ali,
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: No,
dialog: {pause}
dialog: But then brightness has never been
dialog: encouraged among slaves.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 
scene_heading: REVISED - "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" - 1/24/72 4h
dialog: H-121 Cont.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: Mr. MacDonald, stop being so touchy.
dialog: We've all been slaves at one time
dialog: or another. I can trace my family
dialog: back to Breckland in Suffolk,
dialog: England. We were slaves, then.
dialog: To the oddam French...
dialog: giances at. Caesar)
dialog: They're animals, What they need'a
text: a firm hand. Rub his nose in it.
text: MacDonald has started to empty a tray of ice cubes into
text: a silver bucket with matching ice tongs. One of Breck'a
text: ASSISTANTS enters during the last of Breck's previous
text: speech, overhears and reacts to it.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: (a smile) —
dialog: And risk having him develop a
dialog: taste for scotch?
text: Breck picks up the drink MacDonald fixed as an example
text: for Caesar, takes a long swallow of it, staring at Caesar.
text: MacDonald has selected another empty glass, is demonstrating.
text: to Caesar how ice cubes are dropped into it, using the tongs.
speaker_heading: BRECK
text: (whimsically).
dialog: That might not be a bad idea.
dialog: Up to a point, alcohol has a
dialog: tranquilizing effect.
dialog: (a wry shake of
dialog: the head)
dialog: No, I imagine their tolerance
dialog: for whiskey, like their temper
dialog: threshold, is dangerously low.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: If you feel the ape's unsatisfactory,
dialog: Mr. Governor, we can have him sent
dialog: back. for reconditioning.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: (quick)
dialog: That isn't necessary --
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: Indéed it isn't, Mr. MacDonald, but
dialog: mot because of your sof't-hearted
dialog: reascns
dialog: (to Assistant,
dialog: . anncyed)
dialog: inet! S always everyone's first
dialog: “heveht. Recondition them!
dialog: Cont.
scene_heading: REVISED - "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" - 1/24/72 45
speaker_heading: H-121 Cont.l
text: MacDonald has handed the tongs to Caesar, who, with
text: studied clumsiness, is trying to lift an ice cube out of
dialog: the. bucket,
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Mr. Governor, I --
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: If we were to send every lousy ape
dialog: that muffed an assignment or disobeyed
dialog: an order back to reconditioning --
dialog: Ape Management would become impossibly
dialog: overcrowded!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CAESAR I-122
text: He looks sharply at Breck, transfixed by an idea. The ice
text: cube drops from the tongs, skids across the bar, falls to
dialog: the floor.
scene_heading: BACK TO GROUP J-121
text: as Caesar bends down to retrieve the ice cube.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: (cowed)
dialog: Sir, all I meant was it's the only
text: thing that seems to have any effect.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: It just makes them worse.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: Some of them couldn't be worse.
dialog: I've been having a comprehensive
dialog: list compiled...
dialog: (stops, looks at
dialog: . Assistant)
dialog: What was it you wanted?
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: It's time for your meeting with
dialog: the Defense Council,
speaker_heading: BRECK ——
dialog: Say I'll be along in a few minutes.
text: Fae Assistant nods, goes out, closing the door behind him.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: Defense Council?
speaker_heading: . | BRECK
dialog: *€5. I'll tell you about it
dialog: later.
dialog: Cont .
dialog: 46
dialog: J-121 Con!
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: Has this anything to do with the
dialog: list you just mentioned?
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: it has. Don't worry, Mr, MacDonald.
dialog: You'll be given full details.
dialog: {he suiles at
dialog: Caesar, waves an
dialog: sdmonitory finger
dialog: at him}
dialog: Sa...we're going to set a goad
dialog: example and recondition you
dialog: ourselves,
text: He turns to MacDonald.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: We haven't named him yet.
speaker_heading: MR, MACDONALD
dialog: No, Mr. Breck.
text: Breck drinks deeply.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: Mr, MacDonald, I should like to
dialog: maintain the charming tradition
dialog: inaugurated in her lifetime by my
dialog: wife...
text: We moves ton bockshelf near the ber and peers up at:
dialog: our 122-
dialog: 123
scene_heading: WO.¥. - INSERT - FINE-FOCUSING ON - TWO IDENTICALLY 124
text: VOLUMES TITLED "THE MEANING OF NAMES”
text: Miieme 1 is subtitied "MALE"; Volume II, "FEMALE", Over this:
speaker_heading: BRECK'S VOICE
dialog: (o.8.)
dialog: let him choose his own,
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
scene_heading: «IRS ACKOSS BRECK AT BOOKSHELF IN F,G, TO 126
speaker_heading: AD BAR IN BGG
text: baal yee matzily at the subtitles but cannot focus ther,
dialog: :
text: diz sth bcoks down for closer scrutiry.
dialog: Cont,
scene_heading: REVISED - “CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" - 3/24/72 47
dialog: 125 Cont.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: {reading}
dialog: ‘Female. * .
text: He puts it aside on the bar and peers at Volume I.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: {reading}
dialog: ‘Male,*
text: Another demonstration for Caesar: Breck opens the book
text: at random; and, at random, stabs a forefinger on the open
text: page. He does this twice, while Caesar attentively
text: watches; then closes the book, hands it to Caesar, and
text: momentarily turns his back to replace the unwanted
text: Yolume II on the shelf. During these few seconds Caesar
text: opens the book at an early page, rapidly flips over
text: several more pages and {as Breck turns again from the
text: gheit to wath Stabs his hairy forefinger on the open
text: page. Breck peers down over Caesar's shoulder.
speaker_heading: BRE
dialog: ( reading}
dialog: ‘Caesar.’
dialog: (helding book
dialog: nearer for smail
dialog: print)
dialog: *A king.* .
text: fhe eyes of Slave and Master lock. Then Breck takes the
text: book, snaps it shut.
speaker_heading: OUT A~125,
scene_heading: WO SHOT - CARSAR AND MACDONALD B-125
text: atare at each other in silence. A BUZZER ia heard.
text: Tac 1d picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: WEURR ARGLE BB-125
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: {into phone)
dialog: Yes?
dialog: (to Breck)
dialog: They're waiting for you in the
dialog: Council Chamber.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: ; (looking at Caesar}
dialog: -etail him to the Command Post.
dialog: Cant.
scene_heading: REVISED - "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" - 1/24/72 47-A
speaker_heading: BB-125 Cont.
text: He tosses the book down, takes one last look at Caesar,
text: goes out. MacDonald gestures at Caesar.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: Come.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS - DAY BBB-125
text: Showing MacDonald taking Caesar to the Command Post.
text: MacDonald, with Caesar slightly behind him, comes out of:
scene_heading: CIVIC CENTER - DAY BBBB-125
text: As they walk down steps to Square, Caesar unthinkingly,
text: gradually, abandons hie shuffling ape-like gait, and
text: begins to walk upright, almost proudly, like a man.
text: En route, they pass a few apes who take note of Caesar.
text: Just as MacDonald and Caesar reach some steps leading
text: down to the Command Post, Aldo, carrying 4 message,
text: emerges from the underground stairs, and sees Caesar. As
text: he hesitates, a LOOK - on Aldo's part, one of puzzled
text: respect - passes between them. .
text: Caesar notes that MacDonald is watching hin.
text: Be follows MacDonald down the steps to the Command Post.
speaker_heading: 4B
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY OFFICE ~ NIGHT C-125
text: Armando, now verging on complete exhaustion, is led in by
text: a POLICEMAN, Kolp rises from behind his desk. Hoskyns
text: stands nearby. Both men are smiling broadly.
speaker_heading: ‘KOLP
dialog: We have good news for you,
dialog: Senor Armando. .
dialog: (warmly)
dialog: Sit down, _
dialog: (to Policeman)
dialog: That will be all.
text: As the Policeman leaves, Armando lowers himself weakly
text: into the chair.
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: Good news?
speaker_heading: KOLP |
dialog: You are to be released.
dialog: Inspector Hoskyns and I have
dialog: become convinced that your ape is
dialog: not the child of the two. talking
dialog: chimpanzees,
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: You ~-- you've found him?
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: No, but we're sure he'll] turn up
dialog: eventually. I hope you'll excuse
dialog: the inconvenience we've caused you,
dialog: but...
dialog: (an apologetic
dialog: gesture)
dialog: ee it was unavoidable.
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: (half rising)
dialog: Then,..I'm free to go?
text: Meekyns picks up a sheet of paper and pen from the desk,
dialog: @retfers them to Armando. .
speaker_heading: HOSKYNS
dialog: (smoothly)
dialog: As soon as you sign this sworn
dialog: declaration,
speaker_heading: —— | ARMANDO
dialog: arat does it say?
dialog: Cont.
dialog: fie takes
dialog: document
dialog: 49
dialog: C-325 Cont.
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: Only what you've been telling us
dialog: all along. That your circus ape is
dialog: incapable of human speech, and hes
dialog: never to your knowledge uttered a
dialog: aingle word,
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: Certainly.
text: the pen, inscribes hig signature, hande the
text: back to Hoskyns.
speaker_heading: HOSKYNS .
dialog: Excellent. Now we'li check this
dialog: with the Aufhenticator and you
dialog: can be on your way. .
speaker_heading: . ARMANDO
dialog: Anthenticator?
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: Purely a formality. Sit where you
dialog: are. It won'e take a moment.
text: He reaches for a p&nel on his desk, flipa a awitch. The
text: lights dim. Qutside, visible through the window, a few
text: lighted windows can be seen in the highrise building
text: across the plaza, Kolp flips another switch, and two
text: narrow beams. of viclet light shoot down from the celling,
text: converging diagonally on Armando's head.
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: What does...the Authenticator do?
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: Make people tell the truth, It's
dialog: quite painless,
dialog: {quickly}
dialog: For example, you said you firat
dialog: heard the name Cornelius in this
dialog: office. Is that true?
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: {in spite of
dialog: himself}
dialog: No,
dialog: 50
scene_heading: CLOSE ON ARMANDO O«125
text: ferrified, he realizes what he has just said, and that he
text: 13 heipless to resist the power of the Authenticater.
text: Kolp teang forward, hia face close to Armando's.
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: {understanding}! y}
dialog: There, you see, You had heard
dialog: it somewhere elise and Just forgot.
dialog: Tt's not a damaging point.
dialog: {picks up the
dialog: paper}
dialog: wor, a& to your declaration under
dialog: path that the circus ape is incapable
dialog: of Ruman speech -<
text: Armando, with a supreme effort, leaps {o hia feet, out
text: from between the converging rays of light.
speaker_heading: ARMANDO
dialog: Nof I won't submit to thia.
speaker_heading: HOSKINS
dialog: You will, Senor Arnande.
speaker_heading: &RMANDO
dialog: Yéve done nothing wrong, You're
dialog: treating me like a eriminal,
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: Sit down!
speaker_heading: ARMARDO
dialog: No, no w-
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: {to Hoskyns)}
dialog: Seize nin
dialog: {yelling}
dialog: Suara!
text: Wekyns tries to pin Armendo'ts arma, but the latter wrestles
text: , tums to run. The door flies open and the Policemen
text: waters. Armando veers off, hesitates, and once again is
text: Pawced on from behind by Hoskyna. As the two men struggie,
text: Policeman joins in, trying to get a hammerlack on
text: $reanéo. Ina frenzy, Armando wrenches loose, flung
text: forward by the strength of his effort, he screams aa pe
text: Wastes through the window.
scene_heading: REVISED - "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" ~- 1/27/72 53
scene_heading: INT, BRECK'S COMMAND POST - BASEMENT OF CIVIC R-125
speaker_heading: CENTER - NIGHT
text: The Command Post is the nerve center of the city. It has
dialog: a paramilitary atmosphere, being an Intelligence head~
dialog: guarters B38 well a8 & measage center. Apes serve as
text: messengers, filing RED carda in RED cabinets, BLUE in BLUE,
dialog: et cetera,
dialog: Caesar is present, also Lisa {the female Ape he firet
text: noticed in the bookstore). She is wearing ¢ civilian
dialog: defense arm band as are ali the Apes working there.
text: Uniformed GUARDS stand at the doors. COMMUNICATION
text: SPECIALISTS operate the various video-screens and computer~
text: Jike teletype machines.
text: Breck and MacDonald watch tensely at a print-out coming in
text: over one of the machines.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: I knew it! That circus owner
dialog: was lying!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CAESAR P~125
text: At the words "circus owner” he looks up, startled. Lise,
text: atanding nearby, notes his reactions end is puzzled,
text: Caesar struggles to resume his impassive expression.
scene_heading: T¥O SHOT - BRECK AND MACDONALD Ge125
text: etill reading the print-out.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: But they insist he feil to his
dialog: death accidentally --
speaker_heading: AR ECK .
dialog: While trying to escape! He knew
dialog: he'd been exposed!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OR CARSAH H-125
text: hie Med, he realizes that Armando died trying to
text: him. Fighting for control, he weaves siightly.
text: wwaches out, gently steadies him. Caesar looks
text: wtely into her eyes, then turns, walks slowly out of
dialog: . and Post.
scene_heading: mer S8OT - BRECK AND MACDONALD £-125
text: urns awa from the machine, ajdresses one of his
dialog: ‘Tome.
scene_heading: REVISED . “CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES” - 2/21/72 52 —
speaker_heading: I-25 Cont
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: Arrange for full distribution of
dialog: the Achilles list immediately.
dialog: Copies ta each police precinct
dialog: including the perimeter stationa.
dialog: Detaiis are left to the individual
dialog: commanders, but I want every epe
dialog: on that list rounded up and delivered
dialog: to the reconditioning center by
dialog: oh-aix-hundred tomorrow morning.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Yes, Mr. Governor. Are their offenses
dialog: to be specified?
speaker_heading: a _-BRECK
dialog: Violation of Article Four, Paragraph
dialog: Nine. Each of them is a dangerous
dialog: threat to atate security.
text: The Assistant node, hurries away.
text: Breck turns to MacDonald, who 18 making no attempt to
text: conceal his disapproval.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: The Achilles List, Mr. MacDonald --
dialog: referring to our enemy's Achilles?
dialog: heel -~ contains the name of every
dialog: ape who has within the last year
dialog: been reported for an overt act of
dialog: disobedience.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: {hotly}
dialog: The charge against them is nonsense!
speaker_heading: BRECK .
dialog: It'il do for my purposes. They
dialog: constitute the hard core ef our
dialog: problem, and I'm going to dreak
dialog: them, once and for all,
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: You won't break them, sir, you will
dialog: only further aggravate the problem,
dialog: This action is folly, and I wiah
dialog: to protest it in the atrongest
dialog: possibile terms!
dialog: Cont.
scene_heading: REVISED - "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" - 1/24/72 52-A
speaker_heading: T-125 Cont
text: For a moment. Breck's eyes blaze in anger at the open
text: insubordination. Then the fire subsides. He speaks
text: with quiet deliberation.
speaker_heading: ‘BRECK
dialog: Very well, Mr. MacDonald, your
text: protest has been duly noted.
dialog: From now on, you have but one
dialog: assignment -- to find that talking
dialog: ape.
text: Breck turns, strides out, MacDonald looking after him
text: in growing frustration.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - NIGHT J-125
text: Caesar, broken-hearted, trudges aimlessly along the
text: deserted street. He glances up, realizes he is in
text: front of the closed bookshop which he and Armando visited
text: on their first day in the city. Then his eye strays to
text: a trash. container near the curb. Something familiar is
text: sticking out. of it, Caesar crosses, extracts one of
text: Armando's handouts, looks down at it.
scene_heading: INSERT + HANDOUT K-125
text: It reads: ‘“Armando's Old. Fashioned Circus" -- and shows
text: Caesar riding the horse.
speaker_heading: CLOSE - CAESAR L-125
text: As he looks at the handout, his grief turns to rage.
text: He rips the handout in two, strides away into the darkness.
dialog: QUT 126-
speaker_heading: ~ NG
speaker_heading: EVISED -
scene_heading: CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" - 1/24/72 53
scene_heading: INT, APE SERVANTS' QUARTERS - NIGHT 147
dialog: 
text: A bare, stone cellar with barred windows through which
text: moonlight filters as we PAN a row of straw-stuffed
text: mattresses where apes lie sleeping -- some soundly, some
text: restlessly, some silently, some with little nightmare
text: squeals and whimpers. There are also...grunts, which
text: louden as we PAN past a neatly swept heap of orange and
text: banana peel (we see the stacked broom) to...Aldo and
text: his Cronies, squatting in a circle under a shaft or
text: moonlight at the bed-row's end. Grunt, grunt, grunt.
text: An eerie sound and an eerie sight, For they are conferring.
text: Thev are in session. They are holding a meeting. Grunt,
text: erent, grunt. Then, from nowhere, Caesar steps into the
dialog: moonlight.
speaker_heading: CAESAR.
dialog: Aldo.
text: The #rurntine stops dead, as Aldo looks up -- at first
text: transfixed and then transfigured. His eyes have teheld
dialog: his lord, CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CHOPPING CENTER - DAY 148
text: Cn the surface, the same nusy brightness as earlier --
dialog: excen®. 2S we watch, that little things are going wrong.
text: Anc each time they do, Caesar, moving around in the area,
dialog: is somewhere in shot -= "willing" the wrongdoer to
dialog: misbehave. Trus: .
scene_heading: AT OUTDOCH CAFE TABLE 149
text: Lady 1 (from Scene I-20) puts a slim, pale green cigaret*e
text: between her lips and waits for the gorilla, Frank, to
text: Might it. But Frank -- looking at Caesar, (b.¢.) who
text: 46 loolin,, at him -- makes no move with the lighter in
text: his hand.
speaker_heading: LADY 1
dialog: (plaintively)
dialog: Franki
text: Prank doesn't stir. Lady 1 not unkindly indicates and
text: @ctually taps his lighter. Frank throws it on the table
text: As front of her.
speaker_heading: . LADY 1
dialog: (gently)
dialog: Bey, tte
dialog: we nih cringe. He turns his tec'...to the
dialog: SR" aston both of Lady 1 and:
dialog: ”
dialog: Tort,
scene_heading: REVISED ~ "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES“ ~ 1/28/72 53-A
dialog: 1&9 Cont.
speaker_heading: LADY 2
dialog: Mr. Lee!
text: As the Chinese Proprietor bustles to their side.
speaker_heading: LADY 1
dialog: We think Frank needs reconditioning.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BOOKSTORE A~14G
text: Lisa, the pretty chimp, comes out with a new book
text: ("Empress of Love") for her mistress; but after walking
text: only three paces she sees Caesar, stops, drops the book
dialog: . «walks on without it,
speaker_heading: cuT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT 150
dialog: foo early, yet, for clienta, The Chimp Busbey {who fled
text: from the fiaming crepes in Scene 29} is laying a table
text: when he becomes aware (tap, tap, tapi} of Caesar looking
text: in from outside a window. Their eyes briefly meet. Then
text: the Busboy snatches up two lethally serrated steak knives
text: from his tray and surreptitiously pockets them.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE RESTAURANT WINDOW - CAESAR 151
text: Frome his marketing bag, he takes a standard “red cara”
dialog: shopping list (see Bookshop Scene 21} which he laya on
text: the “windowsill. Then, with @ quick look left and right,
text: be furtively produces a pen from his pocket.
speaker_heading: MMARRT ~ “RED CARD” 152
dialog: last item on the list already reads: “1 doz. ateaks
text: %. cut". Caesar's hend with pen enters shot and
text: ately forges an additional item: "1 gal. kerosene”.
dialog: this we overlap from next scene:
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FEMALE SERVER'S VOICE
dialog: One sore cideks New York cut...
speaker_heading: OUT 153
dialog: Cur TO;
dialog: 54
scene_heading: EXT, PUBLIC WASHROOM PASSAGEWAY -. CAESAR 154
text: Still carrying bag and kerosene can, he passes the Men's
text: and Women's rooms (with their respective silhouettes above
text: the doors) and turns under the Ape silhouette to enter:
scene_heading: INT. APE WASHROOM 155
text: So dimly lit that, after the bright light of day, we can
text: at first discern almost nothing...except the now familiar
text: sound of (unfamillar) ORANGUTANS grunting "in session" +-
text: a practice that must be spreading. The grunting stops,
text: as Caesar enters and deposits his marketing bag (only)
text: beside & 5mall white table and chair from which a female
text: CHIMPANZEE CLEANER rises (setting aside her broom) at his
text: approach. He hands her the kerosene can; and we PAN her
text: past a row of wash basins -- each with a single. push-button
text: faucet -- to the dark rear of the washroom. Here she
text: thrusts the can through the first of a row of sprung doors.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: TIGHT CLOSEUP ~ CLEANER'S HANDS 156
text: setting down kerosene. can...beside six other identical
text: cans. As the door springs shut again: _
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: CAESAR 157
text: Seated at the Cleaner's table (with an authority that
text: almost transorms it into a General's desk) he receives,
text: from the four lined-up Orangutans, their red card shopping
text: Mists -- to each of which (having scrutinized it) he adds
dialog: @ further, well-considered item. We MOVE IN CLOSER to
dialog: @&@eh successive card till we can read the fourth one,
text: @riginally ending: "Collect repaired Colt .45." Caesar
text: @@4a: "100 rounds ammo for above." He dismissively
text: @astures Orangutans to their outdoor duties.
scene_heading: $MMING. ORANGUTANS TO EXIT 158
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: they cross with (entering) Chimp-Busboy, whom we
text: Back into shot with Caesar. From his outer pockets
text: proudly produces four steak knives; and from inside
text: Waistband of his scarlet trousers -- with an assassin's
text: eh: -- an immense butcher's carver, Caesar acknowl-
dialog: a @Mit indicates:
dialog: lam 159
dialog: Wee e bo :
text: Berane re Rees from Busboy and takes them through
text: eoste-Scor, where she drops them into:
dialog: 55
scene_heading: TOP SHOT - WASTE BIN 160
text: filled with assorted knives, carvers and several meat
text: Sleavers, She exits lower frame in direction of o.8.
text: table, as Busboy {to the sound of flushing} emerges from
text: a further door. Hygienically conditioned, he pauses at a
text: washbasin, runs his hands under the press-button faucet
text: and dries them above a foot-cperated electric drier.
text: Then, on his way out, he repasses table where Cleaner
dialog: {with whom we STAY) now sits “innocentiy" beside her
text: broom, Wo sign of Caesar. The efficiently run arsenal
text: has become, once more, an efficientiy run washroom,
scene_heading: INT, SECURITY OFFICE - A TUBBY FINGER 163
text: repeatediy flips a desktop intercom button, which urgently
text: buzz-buzz-buzzes. We PULL BACK to reveal Kolp still
text: buzzing and Hoskins precipitately entering,
speaker_heading: HOSKYRS
dialog: What's this ~ a red alert?
speaker_heading: . KOLP
dialog: (complacent)
dialog: Sort of. Ape Management Computer's
dialog: coughed up an intriguing error.
dialog: He pauses - On purpose,
speaker_heading: HOSKYNS
dialog: Okay. Intrigue me.
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: Shipment five-oh-seven I-~-for-
dialog: Indonesia ex Borneo comprised
text: three Orangutans and one Chimpanzee.
speaker_heading: . HOSKYNS
dialog: 8a?
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: So there are no Chimpanzees in
dialog: Bornes.
text: HTERCM buzzes. Kolp answers it:
speaker_heading: Yes? KOLP
speaker_heading: e87
speaker_heading: OPERATOR'S VOICE
dialog: {fiiter)
dialog: 1 <an'c seem to get through to Ape
text: Management. All the lines. are busy.
dialog: font.
dialog: 56
speaker_heading: 161 Cont
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: Keep trying! [t's urgent!
text: He flips off intercom.
dialog: Our 162
scene_heading: INT. APE MANAGEMENT RECEPTION'S OPAQUE GLASS BOOTH - 163
speaker_heading: OPERATOR, ASSISTANT
text: both overlapping on phones which ring again the moment
text: they hang up.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Sorry, sir. The conditioning cages
dialog: are full to capacity. We’ have no
dialog: vacancies till Tuesday...Thank you,
dialog: sir, :
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: Sorry, three-oh-nine, Gur cages are
dialog: full. We cannot accommodate new
dialog: intake till after Tuesday's auction,
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: No, Ma'am, we're not buying. Only
dialog: s¢lling.., yes, mafam. J have noted
dialog: he can arrange flowers and peel
dialog: potatoes,
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: {picking up a red
dialog: phone)
dialog: Head Office Transportation? Branch
dialog: Eleven Reception. Please divert
dialog: $razil Shipment five-oh-~-five to
dialog: Galveston where there are vacancies
dialog: for accommodation. We have none.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Branch Etevyen Reception,
dialog: (suddenly alert}
dialog: Yes, sir. One moment, please.
dialog: (covering mouthpiece)
dialog: State Security. Chief Inspector
dialog: Kolp. Line three,
speaker_heading: OPERATOR
dialog: . (punching button}
dialog: fa, Inspector?
dialog: wes (pause, to Assistant)
dialog: 7-78 Me the Indonesian File for
dialog: s35° month,
dialog: are.
dialog: 57
speaker_heading: 163 Cont
text: The. Assistant shoves a circular file of plastic cards
text: in front of the Operator, who starts riffling. through it.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR |
dialog: Yes, sir...let's see....Shipment
dialog: five-oh-seven ex Borneo.....
dialog: | {finds card)
dialog: Yes, the chimpanzee was sold to.
dialog: . (faint surprise)
dialog: Governor Breck.
scene_heading: INT. BRECK'S SUITE - CLOSE ON BRECK - NIGHT A-163
text: There is a lock of half-admiring astonishment on his face.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: Good God! We've had him under
dialog: our nose all the time.
text: CAMERA DRAWS BACK to reveal that Kolp and Hoskyns are
dialog: present.
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: Just. one thing, sir. I'm quite
dialog: willing to execute the ape
dialog: immediately, on your verbal order
dialog: alone --
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: You'll have it in writing, Kolp.
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: Thank you, sir. However, supposing
dialog: he can talk, but won't?
speaker_heading: “BRECK:
dialog: I don't. understand,
text: - . HOSKYNS.
dialog: What the Chief Inspector means,
dialog: Sir, is that there'd still be —
dialog: @ doubt. If his mouth stays shut,
dialog: the case stays open. We'd like
dialog: to close the file.
speaker_heading: ‘BRECK
dialog: You. will, gentlemen. 1 promise
dialog: you,
dialog: Wea anars on the INTERCOM,
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: (into intercom
dialog: ae oe Mr. MacDonald -in the Command
dialog: Center,
speaker_heading: REVISED -
dialog: 
dialog: 1/2/72 58
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND: POST - CLOSE ON MACDONALD - NIGHT B-163
scene_heading: "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" -
text: He picks up @4 phone.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: MacDonald speaking.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Yes, sir?
dialog: {pause, baffled)
dialog: You want me to turn Caesar over
dialog: to Inspector Kolp?
dialog: (with faint
dialog: sarcasm)
dialog: Am I to understand that he's g on
dialog: your Achilles list?
dialog: (firmly)
dialog: No, sir, I'm not questioning the
dialog: order, but --
dialog: | {pause)
dialog: Well...
text: He turns, glances over his shoulder. ANGLE to reveal
text: Caesar well in the b.g. As MacDonald turns back to the
text: phone, we realize that Caesar knows he was being scrutinized,
speaker_heading: CLOSE on MacDonald as:
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: (into. phone)
dialog: +..88 &@ matter of fact, I sent
dialog: him out on an errand. He should
dialog: be back momentarily.
dialog: (pause .
dialog: Yes, sir. I'll do just as you say.
text: He puts down the phone, turns to find Caesar standing
text: behind nim. Their eyes meet. MacDonald hesitates for e
text: moment, then reaches into a desk drawer, pulls out a pair
dialog: of shackles,
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: (unhappily, with
dialog: a gesture)
dialog: Come.
text: We starts out of the Command Post, Caesar at his heels.
scene_heading: UWP. DESERTED PASSAGEWAY - NIGHT C-163
text: ee roves slightly ahead of Caesar into a long
text: “S" orritor that ‘slopes gently upward.
scene_heading: REVISED - "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" - 1/24/72 59
scene_heading: EXT. TERRACE - NIGHT CC-163
dialog: 
text: Kolp and Hoskyns, accompanied by two POLICEMEN, come out
text: of an elevator, cross the terrace -- still high up in the
text: building -- and step onto a descending escalator.
scene_heading: INT, ANOTHER PASSAGEWAY - NIGHT D-163
text: MacDonald and Caesar move along an upward sloping ramp.
scene_heading: ‘ESCALATOR - NIGHT E-163
text: Kolp, Hoskyns, and the two Policemen get off the escalator,
text: cross the landing, step aboard another descending escalator.
scene_heading: INT, A THIRD PASSAGEWAY - NIGHT P-163
text: As Caesar and MacDonald continue along another upward
text: sloping ramp, Breck's voice is heard on a loudspeaker.
speaker_heading: BRECK'S. VOICE
dialog: (filter)
dialog: Mr. MacDonald, are you near a
dialog: phone? Come in, come in.
text: MacDonald grimaces, comes to a stop at a wall rioune, .' ‘ts
text: it from the receiver.
speaker_heading: . MACDONALD
dialog: Yes, Mr. Governor?
speaker_heading: BRECK'S VOICE
dialog: (filter)
text: Kolp and Hoskyns are on their way
dialog: down. Is Caesar back yet?
speaker_heading: _ MACDONALD
dialog: (pause) |
dialog: Not. yet, sir. I'll keep a look out.
speaker_heading: BRECK'S VOICE
dialog: (filter)
dialog: Report to me as soon as he's been
text: handed. over to them.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: 4 at the phone, starts to hang it up.
dialog: b tannin; - NIGHT G-163
dialog: ,
text: bars ¥. , 3*27S, and the two Policemen alight from the
text: fone, 1% “£"tl ator, cross a landing and start briskly
dialog: "2 stairs,
dialog: 
scene_heading: REVISED - "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES” - 1/24/72 60
scene_heading: INT, THIRD PASSAGEWAY - NIGHT H-163
text: MacDonald turns from the phone, looks at. Caesar.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: (with a helpless
dialog: shrug) a
dialog: I wish there were some way we could
dialog: communicate, so you'd understand --
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: I. understand, Mr. MacDonald,
scene_heading: ANGLE ON MACDONALD I-163
text: stares at Caesar, thunderstruck.
scene_heading: TWO. SHOT - CAESAR AND MACDONALD J-163
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: Yes. I'm the one they're looking
dialog: for.
scene_heading: STAIRCASE - NIGHT K~163
text: Kolp, Hoskyns and the two Policemen continue their descent,
scene_heading: INT. THIRD PASSAGEWAY - NIGHT L-163
text: YacDonald is still staring at Caesar in astonishment.
speaker_heading: _ MACDONALD
dialog: (breathless) | .
dialog: I never believed it. I thought
dialog: you were a myth.
dialog: . _CAESAR. |
dialog: I'm not. But I'll tell you something
dialog: that is -- the belief that humans
dialog: are kind.
speaker_heading: PLASH CUT:
scene_heading: WOOT OF STAIRCASE - NIGHT M-163
text: MBAp, Hoskyns and the two Policemen reach the bottom step,
text: teat eicng a gently descending passageway similar to the
text: ww yeeerr and MacDonald are standing in.
scene_heading: We Toko fcSSsGEWwAY < NIGHT N-163
dialog: Morr, , —
text: "4 '-7™ontly shakes his head at Caesar.
speaker_heading: ee, MACDONALD
dialog: ' "yy -2eSar, There are some ~-
dialog: Cont.
scene_heading: REVISED ~ “CONQUEST OF THE PLANET GF THE APES" ~ 1/2k/72 61
dialog: 8-163 Cont.
speaker_heading: CAESAR
text: A hendful. But not most of them.
dialog: They won't be kind until we force
dialog: them to. And we can't do that
dialog: until wetre free.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: And how do you propose to gain
dialog: your freedom?
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: By the only means left to us,
dialog: Rebellion.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: it's doomed to falinure,
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: Ferhaps -~ this time.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: And the next.
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: Maybe.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: But you'll keep trying?
speaker_heading: CAESSR
dialog: There won't tbe freedom until there's
dialog: power, Mr. MacDonald. How else
dialog: ean we achieve it?
text: Donsid looks into Caesar's eyes for 4 long moment. Then,
text: t atill distantly, the approaching echo of briak, mixed
text: atepa can be heard. MacDonald gestures behind him,
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Go!
text: hesitates, races back along the passageway, disappears
text: @® corner, MacDonald turns, listening as the footsteps
text: & few moments later, Kolp, Hoskyna and the
dialog: men appear,
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: Ah, Mr. MacDonald. We have orders
dialog: from the Governor to take the ape,
dialog: Caesar, into custody.
dialog: Cont.
scene_heading: REVISED - "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" ~ 1/24 61-A.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: I know.
dialog: (holds up shackles)
dialog: I've been looking. for him.
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: He's not in the Command Post?
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: No,
text: Kolp shoots an alarmed look at Hoskyns.
speaker_heading: OUT 164
scene_heading: EXT, WASHROOM PASSAGE - CAESAR - NIGHT 165
text: He hurriedly passes the human washrooms and enters his own.
scene_heading: INT. APES' WASHROOM 166
text: A "grunting session” between Orangutans and Gorillas is in
text: progress. Caesar silences. them with an urgent gesture,
text: then hunkers down in the group's center beside a patch of
text: sawdust on the stone floor, and rapidly draws a sketch map
text: in the sawdust. He is giving his troops an Order of the ©
text: Day. He rises, points at the sketch, indicating with a
text: grunt that the others should study it. They grunt affirm-
text: atively, bend forward to look at the sketch, Caesar turns,
text: hurries out.
scene_heading: &XT. WASHROOM AREA - NIGHT 167
text: ‘Caesrr comes outside, starts away, then sees a Policeman
text: es apparently on routine patrol -- some yards away.
text: Caesar calmly turns, starts off in another direction...and
text: gees a Second Policeman. Still calm, Caesar makes off in
text: a third direction..,and sights a Third Policeman. Then,
text: imaitaneocusly, they move toward him. Realizing it is a
text: sap, Caesar tries to dash by them. The three Policemer :
text: atie him to the ground. As Kolp and Hoskyns appear |
text: ma @ shadowy passageway and watch in silence, Caesar's
text: aS anc feet are manacled. PAN away to nearby terrace,
text: — which MacDonald is watching.
scene_heading: Mh> APE MANAGEMENT - DAY (IRVINE) 168
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Mow? PAX - taking in quick facets of the APES training,
text: ; t then we bring into frame, in VERY BIG CLOSEUP:
dialog: | R= 8s he is taken into:
dialog: 62.
scene_heading: INT. APE MANAGEMENT - (COMMUNICATIONS CENTER) - A-168
speaker_heading: (STUDIO)
text: fhe air is loud with the grunting and the gibbering of
text: overcrowded Afids in b.g. The apés become even more
text: restless, and«agitated, as they see Caesar: it is as if
text: they sense that their leader is about to be removed.
text: PAN with Kolp, Hoskyns, e Guard, and Caesar as they step.
text: up to a GLASS BOOTH - the FINGERPRINTING SECTION:
text: While Cadsar has his fingerprints taken, Kolp moves quickly
text: across to @ small glass window and taps on 1t authorita-
dialog: tively.
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: (as window is flung
dialog: up)
dialog: This is ‘special. We want a ‘Not
dialog: Cage cleared for about twenty
dialog: minutes,
speaker_heading: OPERATOR 1
dialog: (at end of tether)
dialog: For crying out loud!
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: He probably will. That's why we
dialog: want it cleared.
speaker_heading: OUT B-168.
dialog: 170
dialog: curt. TO;
speaker_heading: REVISED -
scene_heading: “CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE. APES" - 1/24/72 63
scene_heading: FULL SHOT - “NO" CAGE 171.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Two POLICEMEN unshackle Caesar, while a THIRD POLICEMAN
text: stands by ready to hold down Caesar's spread-eagled arms
text: and legs so that KEEPER may flip a switch, which activates,
scene_heading: INT, "NO" CAGE - CLOSE TOP SHOT - AUTOMATIC CLAMPS. 172
text: are applied to. CAESAR'S wrists and ankles.
text: ZOOM THROUGH GLASS PANEL to reveal MACDONALD and BRECK
text: approaching within watching range:
text: CAESAR is. now pinioned to the tabletop, where he lies in
text: a white hospital robe, like a patient about to be operated
dialog: on,
text: Aa the KEEPER steps forward. to wire him for electrocution:
speaker_heading: CUT TO;
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - MACDONALD AND BRECK A-172
text: looking through the glass panel into the "No" Cage.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: (trying to cover
dialog: for himself)
dialog: I still don't understand why. he
dialog: made a run for it.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: It's simple enough, Mr. MacDonald.
dialog: The ape has intelligence. When:
dialog: he learned his friend Armando was
dialog: dead, he assumed the man had first
dialog: betrayed him under torture.
speaker_heading: _. MACDONALD
dialog: But we don't do that -- to humans.
text: Bout replying, Breck looks back into the cage.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: ihe KEEPER finishes wiring CAESAR with head electrodes,
text: turns toward the glass panel.
speaker_heading: BON CAESAR AA-172
text: roe Just behind him, as Caesar sees MacDonald staring.
dialog: eee through the glass panel, Establish also -- in
text: meet 2 line of sight -- the control switch on the wall
dialog: éulate s the flow of current into the electrodes.
scene_heading: REVISED ~ "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" -
dialog: 64
scene_heading: CLOSE - MACDONALD B-172
speaker_heading: 1/24/72
dialog: 
text: gazing back at Caesar, seeing the look of supplication
dialog: in hia. eyes.
speaker_heading: THE CAGE C-172
text: Kolp nods to the keeper.
speaker_heading: . KOLP
dialog: Now.
text: The Keeper advances the switch -- which Caesar is now.
text: watching -- and this time the WALL SPEAKER does not sav
dialog: . t saya:
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: Talk,
text: Caesar twists in pain and looks back. imploringly at:
scene_heading: CLOSE - MACDONALD D-172
text: He winces in helpless anger.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON KEEPER E-17?
dialog: He increases the current.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: Talk.
text: CAESAR'S convulsions worsen. Once more he turns his
text: pain-blinded eyes toward MacDonald.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: MOSE - MACDONALD F-172
text: Rs face tightens in stubborn fury. His eyes try to
dialog: leh courage to Caesar, as if saying: "Hang on, hang
speaker_heading: mR - BRECK G-172
text: beepression is equally taut, but with a kind of wild
text: pation. He nods to the Keeper.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: More.
dialog: H-17°.
text: # to look at the switch as the Keeper shoves it
dialog: another notch. ZOOM in for:
dialog: our 173
scene_heading: REVISED - "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" ~ 1/28/72 65
scene_heading: BIG HEAD - CAESAR 17%
text: uttering his firat cry. A long, loud, animal cry of pain
text: from the gut.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: Talk? .
text: The cry from the threshing head becomes a roar.
speaker_heading: SPEAKER
dialog: Talk?!
scene_heading: WIDER ANGLE ~- CAESAR A-174
text: He tears his eyea away from the switch to look straight
dialog: at MacDonald.
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: Have pity...
text: A SHOUT of elation goes up from the men in the cage.
dialog: , FLASH CUT TO;
scene_heading: CLOSE ~ MACDONALD B-278
text: He gives a sharp nod and -~
speaker_heading: CAESAR C- 178
text: gasps in relief, having seen it.
scene_heading: FLASH CUT TO:
scene_heading: TWO SHOT - MACDONALD. AND BRECK CC~174
text: As MacDonald looks away, apparently sickened, Breck turns
text: fowerd him in triumph.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: Well, there’s your proof! My God,
dialog: it's incredible, but --
text: Bonmld, his back to Breck, is moving down the corridor.
text: peakiy waves Breck off...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: We had to know!
scene_heading: } » MACDONALD D-174
text: abe. shot. Despite his feignedly unsteady gait, we see
dialog: ae Bt hie face tas a look of determination on it. Hehind
text: Mito, ter making s silent gesture of contempt-cum-regret
text: “ # turned to look back through the glasa panel int
text: os. MacDonald, s quick glance over his shoulder,
text: “ SOrner, starts swiftly down a haliway.
dialog: Cont.
speaker_heading: REVISED -
dialog: 
scene_heading: "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" - 1/24/72 66
speaker_heading: D-174 Con
dialog: (NOTE: From now until the end of the sequence, unless
dialog: otherwise specifically indicated, everytime we CUT AWAY
text: to MacDonald, he will be hurrying through the Ape
dialog: Management complex: down corridors, through doors, up
text: staircases, past armed GUARDS -- who always nod to him
dialog: deferentially.)
scene_heading: "NO" CAGE - MED, SHOT E-174
text: The Keeper has returned the switch to “Off”. Caesar,
text: only half-conscious, is still gasping in agony. Kolp
text: looks up at Breck through the glass panel.
speaker_heading: KOLP —
dialog: Wetre satisfied, Mr. Governor.
text: Breck flips on a “talk-box" outside the "NO" Cage, speaks
dialog: into it.
speaker_heading: | BRECK _ |
dialog: It's amazing! Amazing! Make
text: him say something else.
dialog: (pause).
dialog: Ask him.,..if he's....
dialog: . (fascinated)
dialog: -.,capable of abstract. reasoning.
text: Kolp turns toward Caesar.
speaker_heading: 7 KOLP
dialog: You heard the Governor.
speaker_heading: CAESAR ‘P-174
text: etares back in silent defiance.
speaker_heading: CcuUT TO:
speaker_heading: MBACDONALD G-174
text: E@eing through a doorway and up a flight of stairs.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: GG-174.
text: MUMOhing down at Caesar.
speaker_heading: KOLP.
dialog: Answer! a
scene_heading: REVISED - “CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" - 1/24/72 66-A
scene_heading: CLOSE - CAESAR H-174
dialog: 
text: whose strength is returning. His eyes harden; he slowly
text: shakes his head.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MACDONALD T-174
text: moving past reconditioning rooms.
speaker_heading: ‘CUT TO:
speaker_heading: "NO" CAGE J-174
text: Kolp looks up through the glass panel at Breck, indicating
text: the control switch, and gesturing at Caesar.
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: We can always '‘persuade' him.
scene_heading: CLOSE - BRECK K-174
text: He looks from Kolp to Caesar.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MACDONALD L-174
text: moving past a sign on the wall that reads: POWER CONTROL.
text: A GUARD smiles sycophantically as MacDonald passes him,
text: poving toward a closed door,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: "mo" CAGE M-174
text: Breck stares down through the glass panel at Caesar,
text: then activates the "talk-box”.
speaker_heading: . BRECK
dialog: No. He can't help what he is.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: But....looking at: him....it's
text: like seeing a deadly bacillus...
dialog: and knowing you've finally got it
text: bottled up.
scene_heading: REVISED - "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" - 1/24/72 66-B
scene_heading: INT. POWER CONTROL ROOM N-174
text: MacDonald enters the dark room, closes the door behind
text: him. He crosses to a wall-sized pane of glass -- a
text: circuitry schematic -- on which pulsing, criss-crossing
text: lines of light are visible. A box of toggle-switches is
text: attached to the glass pane. MacDonald stares at the
text: flashing light-stripes -- flummoxed. Then he glances
text: down at the toggle-switches -- which are color-coded....
dialog: OUT) =—s_:175-
dialog: ~~ A175
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: "NO" CAGE B-175
text: The Keeper turns to Kolp.
speaker_heading: KEEPER
dialog: Is that all?
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: Not quite.
text: He opens his briefcase, produces an imposing document
dialog: which he displays for the Keeper:
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: I have authority from the Governor
dialog: for this animal to be destroyed.
speaker_heading: KEEPER
dialog: Very well. I'll notify the vet
dialog: to inject him --
speaker_heading: KOLP |
dialog: No, He's wired for electrocution,
dialog: isn't he?
speaker_heading: KEEPER.
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: KOLP
text: Then electrocute him.
text: Reeper looks up inquiringly at Breck who 1s staring down
text: fhrough the panel. Breck nods.
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: Now.
dialog: Meorer chrows switch to maximum, over a:
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CAESAR - WATCHING THE SWITCH 177
text: After an instant's hesitation, his eyes bulge, his back
text: arches so steeply that the curve looks anatomically
dialog: impossible, We HOLD him, motionless, in this hideous
dialog: position for five seconds. Then:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ANGLE ON KEEPER 178
text: counting another five seconds on his watch, before
text: returning the lever switch to zero, as:
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON CAESAR 179
text: He slumps into limp and surely mortal immobility. Keeper
text: enters shot for a quick, preliminary glance at the body.
speaker_heading: KEEPER
dialog: “He's dead.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: POWER ROOM - MACDONALD A+179
text: He flips a few toggle-switches. Some lines go dark,
text: others light up. MacDonald turns, hurries out of the
text: room, slamming the door behind him.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: MASTER SHOT - "NO" CAGE 180
text: Kolp steps over Caesar's folded scarlet uniform on the
text: floor by the unlocked cage door, and leaves the cage,
scene_heading: EXT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE "NO" CAGE A-180
text: Kelp joins Breck and they move along the corridor toward
text: an intersecting passageway.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: Good work, Inspector.
speaker_heading: KOLP
dialog: (a knowing smile)
dialog: what happened to your...Mr. MacDonald?
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: -'". afraid his tender sensibilities
dialog: “aaldnit =.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 67
dialog: A-180 Cont.
scene_heading: REVISED = "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES"
dialog: 
dialog: - 1/24/72
text: He sees MacDonald standing just around the corner of the
text: intersecting passageway.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: (half-smile)}
dialog: Ah, there you are,
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: (stonily)
dialog: Is it over?
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: (not unkindly)
dialog: It's over. Let's get back to
dialog: work.
text: He takes MacDonald by the arm. The three men move away
text: along the corridor. We HOLD them receding, and:
dialog: our 181-
dialog: 183
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: MASTER SHOT + CAGE ~ KEEPER, CAESAR 184
text: In quick succession:
text: A, Keeper disconnects the "dead" Caesar from his
dialog: @lectrodes and clampa,
text: B. Caesar rises from the dead, knocks Keeper out and
dialog: connects him up only (since his victim is unconse fous }
text: with the electrodes.
text: C. Caesar throws lever switch to maximum. The restored
text: current spectacularly induces the same arching of the
dialog: back that Caesar previously mimicked. Only this time
dialog: it is for real. .
text: DB. In the ensuing ten seconds, Caesar calmly picks up
text: his scarlet uniform from the floor. Arranging it
text: carefully over one arm, he moves back to the switch
text: and cuts off the current with his free hand. As
dialog: Keeper slumps:
text: E. Caesar walks quietly out of a cage that was never
dialog: lacked anyway.
text: It is an exit that Bond might have been proud of.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. APE MANAGEMENT ~ NIGHT - (IRVINE) A-~184
text: ZOOMING PAST a SQUAD of APES (doing “night training”)
scene_heading: towards MAIN BUILDING (COMMUNICATIONS CENTER).
text: We get a fleeting impression that thinga are on the verge
text: ef exploding here toa ~ the TRAINEE APES appear excessively
dialog: @uli this evening - in some cases, downrigh uncooperative ~
dialog: oie their TRAINERS are having a tough time getting through
dialog: then, .
text: Ms we arrive at MAIN BUILDING:
speaker_heading: OUT 185~
dialog: 189
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: Ter. case ~ paxnine WHITE-COATED VET 1.90
text: were Siack leather bag and extracting stethoscope as
text: SStrcactes and enters "Ho" «cage.
speaker_heading: VET
dialog: -... . {cheerfulty)
dialog: ~ ve come to certify,..
dialog: * os “fem bag and reacts to:
dialog: 69
scene_heading: P.0.V. FLASH - ELECTROCUTED KEEPER 191
text: Glazed eyes wide open between the head-electrodes. We
text: WHIP PAN to lever ewitch at "OFF" and:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: VET 192
text: closing Keeper's eyes.
dialog: (shaken)
dialog: »..@ death.
dialog: (bawling over
dialog: shoulder)
dialog: Security!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. APE MANAGEMENT - CONDITIONING AREA A~192
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOTS: IN RAPID SUCCESSION. VERY BIG TIP oF
text: BLACK FINGER pressing BUTTONS.
scene_heading: INTERCUT (almost SUBLIMINAL FLASHES) - CELL DOORS B-192
text: swinging back, sliding open, etc. and APES emerging.
text: ‘ZOOMING OUT we find CAESAR at the Communicaticn's C-192
text: Control Board - TWO OPERATORS lie battered on. the
text: floor, another struggles weakly - hopelessly with
text: @ growing mass of apes.
scene_heading: "SHOCK" CUT TO:
scene_heading: WIRE HOSE AIMED SLAP AT US - the ORANGE FLAME D-192
dialog: @ppears to shoot right to our faces.
text: The APES are giving their oppressors a dose of their
text: @m “fire treatment", The building fills with SMOKE.
dialog: earusron REIGNS: And this effect 1s increased by the
dialog: Widity of the cutting.
text: of the KEEPERS, TRAINERS, and OFFICIALS, ETC., have
dialog: 9 Sotion what has “nit” them - they imagine fire has
text: @n out, and that the APES are panicking.
text: Wats belief 1s heightened by the FOLLOWING ANNOUNCEMENT:
speaker_heading: P.A. SYSTEM
dialog: - (o.s.'
dialog: A-tention all Keepers and Handlers!
dialog: AS] Keepers and Handlers! Attention!
speaker_heading: OUT 193-
dialog: 70
text: CLOSE SHOT ~ CAESAR talking into P.A. SYSTEM 195
speaker_heading: CAESAR _
dialog: (on P,A. System)
dialog: We have fifty thousand dollars worth
dialog: of apes in jeopardy. Get them out
dialog: of here ~- alive!
speaker_heading: OUT 196
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT, APE MANAGEMENT - THE. EVACUATION 197
text: While some Management PERSONNEL know the "truth" - that
text: the APES have gone berserk and are breaking out - an
text: equally large number of KEEPERS and HANDLERS advance
dialog: to unlock those cages that still hold captive APES, and
text: they stream out to join their bolsterous brethren!
dialog: And while we know that two men can subdue an APE by
text: shackling and/or injection - now the APES so outnumber
dialog: their CAPTORS that the fighting odds are at best one-
dialog: against-one and at worst one-against-several.
text: FLAMES blaze in the cages: the APES cast nightmarish
text: shadows as they "riot" - the air ia filled with HUMAN
scene_heading: SHOUTS, and APE CRIES:
speaker_heading: QUICK SCENES 198
dialog: A.
dialog: 6.
text: Handler A snaps one of two linked handshackles on
text: right wrist of Orangutan, who swings the free left-
text: shackle and smashes it into Handler's face.
text: Handler B tries to inject hypodermic into struggling
text: Chimp, who twists Handler's arm till he drops hypodermic
text: into Chinp's waiting free hand. Chimp stabs hypodermic
text: into Handler's stomach. .
text: A 6-strong Security Squad, aiming sedative dart-guns,
dialog: Splits up to cope with individual emergencies:
text: - Squaddy 1 fires at an Orangutan, who sage and slumps.
text: ~ Squaddy 2 is about to fire dart-gun at a Gorilla,
text: who instantly holds his Handler (like an Attica
text: hostage) protectively in front. of him.
text: ~ FLASHES of other r struggling apes observing the
text: hostage-device...and imitating it, until:
dialog: 71
scene_heading: A MASS-MOVEMENT STARTS 199
text: as half-shackled APES, burnt APES, bleeding APES and
text: predominantly unscathed apes with human “Hostagee" surge
text: forward into CAMERA from cages now on fire in b.g. to
text: public exits in f.g. -- smashing glass booth and scattering
text: assailants with swung shackles or flailing fists en route.
speaker_heading: CUT TO;
scene_heading: EXT, APE MANAGEMENT ~ (IRVINE) 200
text: The Apes pour from the Main Building - in the darkness.
text: their "forms" are grotesque and terrifying.
text: FLASHING LIGHTS sweep across the ugly mass, who, milling
dialog: in all possible directions, give an impression of being
dialog: a far bigger "mass" than they really are ~ it would seem
text: there were thousands of "rioting", crazed monsters - and
text: the SOUNDS which emanate from them are horrendous.
text: WE CLOSE TO: - SQUAD COMMANDER (and ASSISTANT with walkie-
text: talkie} as Commander tries to appraise the situation:
speaker_heading: ' ASSISTANT
dialog: They're panicking!
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
dialog: (light. 4de“ning)
dialog: Like hell they are. God help us...
dialog: they're organized!
scene_heading: WHIP PAN to the APE MASS:
text: _Weazingly, they have gotten themselves into some kind of
dialog: order - that. is to say, at least they are not going
text: around and around in circles, or making off in all. directions
text: eseiow, the bulk of the Ape Mass - with or without hostages -
dialog: ferses forward,
dialog: p are led by Caesar.
dialog: x}
text: they are going in the direction of the CITY.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
dialog: Alert the City!
text: Ee: brushing contemptuously by, flings aside his no-
text: ) Sener ied hostage, and disappears into the now-empty
text: pe epee oi ck-raking SOUND of the APES howling for
dialog: wee eel Oh = ant blood, | | a
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 72
dialog: 200 Cont.
text: As the SOUND subsides - it means the assault on the City
dialog: 1s that much nearer...
dialog: Finally...silence...
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND POST - NIGHT A-200
text: An atmosphere of tension. MacDonald and Breck are present,
text: the latter attended by some of his Assistants. Liga is
text: also visible.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: (on. phone, sharply)
dialog: Yes, Commander, I understand the
dialog: situation. Assemble as large a
dialog: force as you can and follow them.
dialog: (hangs up)
dialog: Order full mobilization of all
dialog: security forces -- police, militia,
dialog: and reserve defense units.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: BRECK.
dialog: Every entrance to the city must
dialog: be cordoned off immediately.
scene_heading: ASSISTANT .
dialog: Are control methods to include the .
dialog: use of tear gas and sedation darts «-?
speaker_heading: -BRECK
dialog: There will be but one control method:
dialog: -- shoot to kill.
speaker_heading: OUT 201-
dialog: 205
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: WAR. SHOPPING CENTER ~ MODERN. CITY ~ NIGHT A-205
text: Riga CUTS we see street lamps and lights in shop
text: being extinguished.
scene_heading: WMMROOM PASSAGE (OUTSIDE APE WASHROOM) B-205.
dialog: Dery the nipee is: full
speaker_heading: Re tpee
text: mete instinctively “aware” of Caesar's imminent
dialog: Pum es. ety) have formed a human chain which stretche
text: *¥ -acrroom and winds away into the darkness.
text: of small, stealthy animal movements.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 73
dialog: B-205 Cont.
text: We watch - and follow - the kerosene cans being passed
dialog: from hairy hand-to-hand-to-hand.,
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. WASHROOM C-205
text: FEMALE GORILLA CLEANER distributes arms to APE RIOTERS
text: lined up in the gloom. Knives and meat-cleavers to
text: Orangutans and Chimps; though the Busboy rejects a steak
text: knife in favor of his treasured carver; and to Gorillas
dialog: exclusively - revolvers.
scene_heading: EXT. PERIMETER OF CIVIC CENTER D-205
text: at the chain's end. The kerosene cans accumulate on the
text: sidewalk: their bearers are shadows:
text: TILT UP TO the impressive,ultra-modernistic edifice - and
text: ‘ZOOM INTO A LIGHTED WINDOW:
scene_heading: INT, STUDIO - CLOSZUP +» TV ANNOUNCER IN MID- E-205
speaker_heading: lEWSCAST
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER .
text: ..-and a small mixed group of Apes
dialog: scheduled for intensive re-conditioning
dialog: have esceped from their quarters at
dialog: Ape Management. Until they have
dialog: been. rounded up by the police all
dialog: citizens are requested to remain
text: indoors. A further announcement
dialog: will be made as soon as re-capture
dialog: is effected.
text: DITERCUT FLASHES OF: EXT. MODERN CITY. People listening
text: amd quietly drifting off...
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: (as he's handed
dialog: — a sheet)
dialog: And here, I guess, it is.
text: HR de looks down at the news flash, his face blanches.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
text: Ape Management is in the hands of
dialog: the Apes. Many officials are either
dialog: dead or held nos BBE and the main
text: vans of rioting Apes ore, at this
dialog: re nemrentes.
dialog: 74
speaker_heading: EE-205
text: Breck, MacDonald and the others are watching the telecast,
scene_heading: INT, COMMAND POST - NIGHT
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: (greatly apprehensive)
dialog: +..-Marching on the City. It has
dialog: been established that the Ape mob
dialog: is under the ‘command! of a super-
dialog: normally intelligent chimpanzee
dialog: who has...
dialog: (swallowing)
dialog: .-.accuired the power of speech.
text: Breck spins angrily at MacDonald.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: That idiot! Get out a retraction
dialog: ‘immediately. Announce that the
text: talking ape has been apprehended
dialog: and put to death!
text: MacDonald nods, turns away.
scene_heading: QUICK SHOTS OF PEOPLE EVACUATING STREETS F-205
text: leaving them eerily deserted...and silent...
dialog: The. kind of silence that. precedes a storm...
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER'S VOICE
dialog: (o.8.} |
dialog: This would suggest that the Ape
dialog: Leader may be the chiid (thought
dialog: to have been destroyed) cf the
dialog: Two Talking Chimpanzees, Cornelius
dialog: and Zira, who came to us from outer
dialog: space twenty years ago. As such, he
dialog: constitutes a threat to the future
dialog: of the whole Human Race!...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: MHZ. MODERN CITY @-205
text: #- CITY WAITING, Waiting for something that has never
dialog: aan place upon this planet before - pitched battle
dialog: members of the Animal. Kingdom and the Human Race.
text: . PRICE and FIREMEN prepare for the coming onslaught,
dialog: wid ee frie cre deserted street, to another - and another -
text: Megee “OS Dein to pick up intermittent - but recognizable.
text: _ "se. tay selong to the advancing HORDES OF APES:
dialog: 
dialog: 75
text: INTERCUT ABOVE WITH QUICK SHOTS OF CAESAR H-205
text: leading his "troops." into the City - strange and eerle
dialog: since the curfew has driven all civilian life from the
text: streets - which are now totally deserted.
text: Not so deserted! A POLICE SNIPER ~ high up and concealed -
text: lines up his TELESCOPIC SIGHT on:
text: Caesar - ever wary, ever alert as he moves forward.
text: Now Caesar is in the Sniper's sights: the trigger ia
dialog: squeezed - and FIRED,
text: A moment before, Caesar, with that uncanny instinct for
dialog: survival which is the gift of the animalistic breed, finds
text: the tall building ahead not to his liking, and even as
text: the bullet is ejected, he steps into the shadows - and the
text: Ape walking next to him is the victin.
text: This arouses the Ape Mob to fury - and they begin running...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: INTERCUT: POLICE and FIREMEN as they form a I-205
dialog: “suman Barricade”,
scene_heading: SIDEWALK OUTSIDE CIVIC CENTER J=205
text: The SOUND of the “approaching Army" atirs the apes waiting
dialog: here into action,
text: They start to empty the cans of kerosene.. «GORILLA ignites
text: @ soaked cloth at the head of the kerosene trail - and
speaker_heading: WHOOSH!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: Oar. civic cENTER K=205
text: the FLAMES SHOOT UP - it is the signal for the CITY AP
text: Join their "Brothers" in open revolt -- and combat.
speaker_heading: L-205
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: r°s "MOB" ~ aroused to fury - running towards the
dialog: of the eit
dialog: *
dialog: ue” wave, they roll over {or crash through) all
dialog: , oY.
scene_heading: ie. * MOT LPE: M-205
dialog: He: . . a . : ~~. .. . . . .
text: Meow 9 (heen = and a LIGHTED TORCH thrown into the
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
dialog: 76
scene_heading: LOW ANGLE SHOTS N-205
text: On wide lenses - heightens the macabre and very frightening
text: effect of Caesar's "Mob" as they surge forward -- and the
text: SOUNDS that. issue from their blood-crazed throats are
text: CHILLING in the extreme.
scene_heading: INT. BOOKSTORE - CLOSE SHOTS - THE BURNING OF 206
speaker_heading: THE BOOKS
dialog: As once tn the book-bonfires of pre-war Nazi Germany, an
text: entire cultural heritage is going up in crackling flames;
dialog: and scorched titles from. (respectively) the Bible, Milton,
text: Dreiser, Audubon, Spengler, Darwin, Margaret Mitchell and
text: Shakespeare spell out their doom-laden message.
scene_heading: "REVELATION,..PARADISE LOST..,AN AMERICAN TRAGEDY...
scene_heading: (AUDUBON'S PORTRAIT OF THE BALD EAGLE)...DECLINE AND FALL
text: OF THE WEST...THE THEORY OF EVOLUTION, ..GONE WITH THE WIND...
text: ALL'S WELL THAT ENDS WELL.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: QUICK CUTS - SHACKLES SWUNG AT STORE WINDOWS 207
text: Fnable: ‘TWO ORANGUTANS to loot RAZORS from a BARBER.
text: A POSSE OF GORILLAS to loot GUNS and AMMUNITION from
speaker_heading: GUNSMITH,
scene_heading: EXT, CIVIC CENTER. 208
text: blazing away in (matte) b.g. In mid f.g. AMBULANCE MEN
text: are first-aiding burnt humans and burnt apes, as RESCUE
text: FIREMEN come and go. “unattended.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - BUSBOY 209
text: agroitiy using the “flambe" apparatus to set the place on
dialog: ire.
speaker_heading: OUT 210-
dialog: 225
scene_heading: BWR. COMMAND POST - NIGHT A-225
dialog: OH beciscans looks vy ‘a nho ‘ary ‘nie.
text: Mtrecs. Looks up from a phone on which he is speaking,
dialog: * and MacDonald.
speaker_heading: . ASSISTANT
dialog: -.throlk reports that the Apes
text: ici tréesen through the outer cordon.
text: cs+ear"e units are approaching the plaza.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 77
speaker_heading: A-225 Cont
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: (raging) |
dialog: Then why tn hell don*t I hear
dialog: gunfire?
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: RIOT SQUAD VEHICLES AND SHIELDED POLICE ON FooT 226
text: as they advance down avenue, between highrise bufidings, on:
scene_heading: REVERSE SHOT - MAIN APE-MASS 277
text: advancing up avenue with knives, firebrands and {in the
dialog: case of Gorillas only) not yet discernible revolvers, for
dialog: the classic pause as:
scene_heading: MASTER SCENE - BOTH FACTIONS HALT 228
text: and confront each other across fifty yards of no man's
text: land, Then a Gorilla steps forward. And an Grangutan.
text: And another Gorilla, Riot Squad Commander raises megaphone
text: to his lips in a crucial attempt to avoid violence.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
dialog: No?
dialog: Por perhaps two seconds the ripple of a communal condition:
text: reflex instinctively haits the Apes in their tracks. Then
text: intelligence conquers instinct and they break into a loud.
text: wild, collective gibber, which resembles the laughter of
text: mockery and precedes a general advance.
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
dialog: {without much hope}
dialog: Home! HOME!
text: @e the second “Home!“, he ducks as a rock hits his vehicle;
text: amd, under a rain of rocks, Foot Folice draw their riot
text: @ticka as the main battle is joined.
speaker_heading: CLOSE TO:
scene_heading: CUTS - THE INEFPFICACY OF RIOT STICKS 229
dialog: ~ the giant Gorillas {whose heads are way out of harm's
text: reach} have only to pick up Policemen bodily, wrench
text: axuy ther Shields and hug, mug, strangle, fling az
dialog: ore “Feir assatiants to frequent unconaciousness
dialog: 7 Tat Sal death.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 78
dialog: 229 Cont.
dialog: B - The smaller but more viciously agile Chimps, knife-
text: armed, duck in under the stick-blows to pinion
text: Policemen's arms in a clinch and lever themselves into
dialog: reverse pDigay-back on their opponents' shoulders ~--
text: between whose blades they lethally thrust their knives.
text: C - Meanwhile, as the Gorillas crush and the Chimps swarm,
dialog: the Orangutans methodically collect whatever the
text: Foot Police casualties have dropped -- picking up
text: Shields, riot sticks, gas masks, helmets; and unbuckling
text: belts, some with and some without a still-holstered gun.
text: Bedecking themselves with these effective accoutrements
dialog: (the guns will be redistributed to Gorillas only) the
text: Orangutans wade in to support their colleagues -- many
text: of whom have broken through the decimated ranks of the
text: Foot Police and now face the more sinister challenge
dialog: foreshadowed by:
text: THE LINE OF ARMORED VEHICLES AHEAD. 230
text: From one of these a rolled hose is manhandled to a hydrant
dialog: a block ahead of:
speaker_heading: OUT 231
speaker_heading: CAESAR 232
text: clambering up the facade of a corner building to get a
dialog: better view.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: ‘WAND ACTIVATING HYDRANT 233
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: REVISED -
dialog: 
scene_heading: "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" - 1/26/72 79
scene_heading: WATER COLUMN. 234
dialog: (Audience should duck!) barely by-passing CAMERA:
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: REVERSE SHOT - FROM BEHIND HOSE OPERATORS 235
text: Water column hits leading Apes who panic -- especially
text: those bearing thunderously pounded policé shields --
text: and retreat through Police survivors, who scatter out
text: of range to Avénue's either side.
scene_heading: STREET CORNER FACADE - CAESAR 236
text: clambering down to the ground. He gestures toward. the
text: shadows behind him. A dozen Apes scuttle swiftly into
text: sight and join him. The group is a wixture of revolver-
text: armed GORILLAS and CHIMPANZEES, including the Busboy
text: carrying his carver. Caesar looks at them, places his
text: finger to his lips. They all nod. Then Caesar reaches out,
text: touches the carver in the Busboy's hands. The Busboy
text: nods. Caesar looks around the corner and up the street
text: toward the rear of the line of armored vehicles. Then
text: he. turns back to his commando group.
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Now. oe
text: They dart silently into the main street, spreading out
text: like skirmishers, racing unsuspectedly toward the
text: ermored vehicles from the rear.
scene_heading: ORE POLICEMAN A+236.
text: turna at the last moment, sees them rushing toward him,
text: fires blindly. The fire is returned by the Gorillas.
speaker_heading: OUT 237
scene_heading: ‘@¥0 SHOT - CAESAR AND. BUSBOY 238
text: Panning parallel with the line of still-active hose.
scene_heading: WLABH CLOSEUP - COMMANDER 239
speaker_heading: COMMANDER
dialog: For God's sake, they're armed!
speaker_heading: CUT BACK TO:
dialog: 80
scene_heading: ‘ANGLE ON POLICE RHO
text: as they duck for cover on the sidewalk, Caesar and the
text: Busbey rush past them, following the line of hose.
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: {pointing dawn}.
dialog: Now!
text: Busboy hurls meat cleaver, which aplits hose in two.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: SHOT ZOOMING BACK FROM NOZZLE aly
dialog: {whose water column has dwindled and failed} to reveal
text: mystified Nozzle Operator. He looks back barely in time
text: to see Busboy withdrawing his carver from the hose and
text: dashing off into the darkness at Caesar's heels, We
speaker_heading: ANGLE DOWN to:
scene_heading: TOP SHOT - NOZZLE 242
text: merely dribbling.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: TIGHT FRONTAL CLOSEUP - MEGAPHONE 243
dialog: giving the correct technical orders for firing gas
text: grenades. Orders continue behind:
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON CAESAR 244
text: Re grimly reacts and waves his fast-moving commande
text: group inte a side alley. Scattered shots follow then.
text: Gorillas lift their guns to shoot back.
speaker_heading: CABSAR
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Hold your fire!
text: Me waves then farther back into the shadows, looks out
text: Merogs the plaza.
scene_heading: Wiesan's boy. - THE PLAZA A~244
dialog: ®eze traveis to the building «hich houses Breck's
dialog: wt ma post.
scene_heading: WT. fOwAND POST ~ NICHT B-24u
dialog: Pree o-
text: ia veyn cd pac bona la are watching a video monitor which
text: *sy SCanning the plaza cutside.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: G1
speaker_heading: B-2464 Cont.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
text: The shooting seems to have died
dialog: down,
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: {uncertainly}
dialog: It may have turned them beck.
text: Behind them, some of the MESSENGER APES who have become
text: restive and unmanageable, are being disciplined with
dialog: truncheons by the Guarda,
scene_heading: EXT. PLAZA ~ NIGHT ({~D&&
text: The Police don gas masks.
speaker_heading: CcuT To:
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ONE ORANCUTAN 245
text: grotesquely mimicking the Police is trying to put a gas
text: mask over his face,
scene_heading: FLASH CUTS OF: GAS GRENADES 246
dialog: being Tired at:
scene_heading: REVERSE SHOT - APES 2k?
text: Only a few have masks (most of them worn improperly}.
text: The rest {as the fumes spread) stagger, double up and
text: utter barks as hoarse as coughs.
dialog: cur TO:
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON CAESAR 248
text: Rocking out into the plaza and the clouds of tear gas
text: Fees across it. He turns to the members of his
text: née group, waves for their attention, pointing at
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: Waten!
text: Be: deeply, holds his breath for a few seconds,
text: @heles. He points to them.
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: Ba!
dialog: he cts,
dialog: Maes.
text: r Apes inhale in unison with Caesar, who then lifts
text: . tare eer Seliing them to: "Hold it!" They nod, He
dialog: ? ites to follow hin, and dasnes into the plaza,
dialog: ®r tne tuilding that houses the Command Past.
dialog: GUT eu}.
speaker_heading: THE PLAZA A-276
text: Running, dodging, Caesar and his commando group reach
text: the safety of an entry ramp to the command post building.
text: Gunfire cuts down one ape just before he reaches the ramp.
scene_heading: THE ASSAULT ON THE COMMAND POST - QUICK SHOTS B-276
speaker_heading: A. A GUARD |
text: running up the ramp, fires at Caesar, hits another
text: Ape, 1s felled by the Busboy's thrown cleaver.
text: They run forward over his body.
scene_heading: B. ANOTHER GUARD .
text: outside a door, is strangted from behind by. the
text: hairy fingers of an Ape.
scene_heading: C. IN THE COMMAND POST ~ LISA
text: trying to escape, is hauled back, bludgeoned
text: unmercifully as an example.
speaker_heading: D. CAESAR |
text: opens a circult-control box, rips out the wires.
scene_heading: E. THE VIDEO-MONITOR SCREEN |
text: in the Command Post goes black. PULL BACK to show
text: Breck's frightened face as he sees this.
scene_heading: F. CAESAR'S GROUP ; .
text: cuts down two more Guards at the entrance to the
text: Command Post, and bursts inside.
scene_heading: G. A BLOODY FIGHT ENSUES;
text: Guns, knives, hand grenades.
speaker_heading: M, A GUARD
text: about to bludgeon Caesar from behind, is dropped
text: in his tracks by Lisa, who merely gives him a lady-
text: dike tap on the collarbone. Caesar smiles at her
text: @pprovingly. She smiles back.
speaker_heading: 4, MACDONALD
text: being borne to the ground by two crazed Gorillas, is
text: Saved by Caesar's intercession.
scene_heading: #. AT THE CONCLUSION OF THE STRUGGLE - BRECK
text: bleeding, is dragged, wild-eyed, before Caesar,
text: WRo looks down at him.
speaker_heading: KREVLOEY =
text: ‘VUNQUEST OF THE PLANED OF THE APES"
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON BRECK
text: a look of incredullty on his face.
speaker_heading: Caesart BRECK
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: {mock bow}
dialog: Your servant. Your creature.
dialog: Your animal.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: I saw you die}
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: The King is dead. Long live the
dialog: King! Tell me, Breck, before you
dialog: dle ~ how co we differ from the dogs
dialog: and cats that you and your Kind used
dialog: to love? Why aid you turn us from
dialog: pets into slaves?
speaker_heading: uF
speaker_heading: C-276
text: Breck scans the murderous faces of Apes gathered for the
dialog: «itl, and knows that his hour hes come.
speaker_heading: BRECK
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Because your Kind were once our
dialog: ancestors. Hecause Man was born of
text: Apes, and there's still an ape curled
dialog: up inside of every man. Youfre the
dialog: beast in us that we have to whip into
dialog: submission. You're the savage that
dialog: we need to shackle in chains. You
dialog: taint us, Caesar. You poison our
dialog: guts. When we hate you, we're hating...
dialog: the dark side of ourselves.
text: Waeser's eyes blaze with anger. He gestures to some Apes
dialog: behing
dialog: him,
speaker_heading: | CAESAR
dialog: fake him!
text: WM apes rust forward to drag Breck out.
speaker_heading: SHOCK CUT TO:
scene_heading: BwWelt.tioc5 srres INTO A HUMAN BACK
speaker_heading: fm Mo tg
dialog: en .
dialog: as
dialog: ‘.: Laying approva2;
speaker_heading: CUT Pa;
speaker_heading: 277
text: ‘ stirt tas been torn. Over the sound of
dialog: By
scene_heading: A PUBLIC SQUARE IN APE-OCCUPIED SHOPPING CENTER 278
text: Breck, shackled hand and foot, strung up from #
text: streetlight like a carcass from a butcher's meathook,
text: is being flogged by an Ape. Around them -~ bediam!
text: The streets and walkways are littered with the dead bodies
text: of Apes and Humans. Still struggling Police and Militiamen,
text: their arms and legs bound, are being dragged by Apes to
text: a central assembly area where other truncheon-carrying
text: Apes heat them merctiessly. Every visible human is either
text: gead or captive. The shattered Pet Memorial ta visible.
dialog: our = 279-
dialog: 28)
speaker_heading: Cur TG:
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CAESAR A-281
text: Gazing down from a parapet that overlooks the orgy of
text: violence in the square. Below, the steady crack of the
text: whip can be heard. MacDonald, hands manacled, stands
text: next to Caesar.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: Caesar, this isn’t how it was
dialog: to be.
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: {coldly}
dialog: In your view or mine?
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: Violence prolongs hate, and hate
dialog: prolongs vielence. By whet right
dialog: are you spilling blood?
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: By the slave's right to punish
dialog: his persecutors.
speaker_heading: MAC DONALD
dialog: {passtonately}
dialog: Caesar! JI, a descendant of slaves
dialog: end savages, am asking you to
dialog: snow humanity.
speaker_heading: | CAESAR
dialog: (4e14ly spelling
dialog: ; it out}
dialog: ~ *353 Hot born human.
dialog: Cont.
dialog: 85
dialog: A-28} Cont.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: I know. The child of the
dialog: Evolved Apes...
speaker_heading: | CAESAR
dialog: -» whose children shall rule
dialog: the earth.
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: For better or for worse?
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: Do you think it could be worse?
speaker_heading: MACDONALD
dialog: And do you think this riot is
dialog: going to win freedom for all
dialog: your kind? Why, by tomorrow ~--
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: {cutting in) |
dialog: By tomorrow it will be too iate!
text: If a small, mindleas insect iLike
dialog: an Emperor Moth can communicate
text: with another over a distance of
dialog: elghnty miles, can't you see Chat --~
speaker_heading: MACDGNALD
dialog: -- an Emperor Ape might do slightly
dialog: better?
speaker_heading: CAESAR
dialog: Slightly? What we have done
dialog: today, every ape in the five continents
dialog: of Earth wili de imitating tomorraw.
speaker_heading: MACDOBALD
dialog: With knives against guns? With
dialog: Kerosene cans against flame-
dialog: throwers «- 7
speaker_heading: CAESAR
text: Where's there’s fire, there's smoke.
dialog: And in the smoke, from this day
dialog: forward, my people will crouch and
dialog: conspire and plot and plan against
dialog: tn inevitable day of Man‘s downfall:
dialog: “i day when you finally and self-
dialog: “se tructively turn your weapons
dialog: Sots
dialog: “9.58% your own kind.
dialog: Cont.
scene_heading: REVISED - "CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES" - 1/27/72 86
dialog: A-281 Cont...
speaker_heading: CAESAR (Cont.)
dialog: (with rising passion)
dialog: The day of the writing in the
dialog: sky, when your cities lie buried
text: under the radioactive rubble, and
text: the sea has become a Dead Sea, and
dialog: the Land a wasteland, from which I
dialog: shall lead my people out of their
dialog: captivity! And we shall build our
dialog: own cities, where there will be no
dialog: place for humans except to serve
dialog: our own ends. We shall found our
dialog: own armies...our own religion...
dialog: our own dynasty.
dialog: (turning)
dialog: And that day is upon you -- now! X
speaker_heading: OUT 282-
dialog: 290
scene_heading: REVERSE DOWN ANGLE 291
text: SHOOTING from between Caesar and MacDonald into the square.
text: Below them the square explodes in cries of stili unsurfeite4
text: vengeance as Breck's twitching body finally falls limp
text: and motionless under the lash. The screeching of the
text: angry Apes grows louder as they lay about them with clubs
text: and truncheons at the remaining humans in the square.
text: ZOOM IN on the Apes' dark, demented faces in the glow of
text: firelight. Their eyes gleam manically. The sound of their
text: screaming intensifies, growing louder and louder, until
text: 4t reaches a PEAK...and ends in an ABRUPT BLACKOUT and
speaker_heading: SILENCE.
speaker_heading: CREDIT CRAWL
text: Mite letters on black screen. At the conclusion of it...
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
