dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONSTANTINE
dialog: by
dialog: Kevin Brodbin
dialog: based on the characters appearing in
dialog: magazines published by DC Comics, Inc.
dialog: previous revisions by
dialog: Mark Bomback
dialog: current revisions by
dialog: Frank Cappello
scene_heading: EARLY PRODUCTION DRAFT
dialog: November 14, 2002
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. ISTANBUL - DUSK
text: Glimpses of an ancient city. Almost motionless against
dialog: the tide of time.
text: Sea swelled along an endless wall. Billowing silk frozen
text: against the sky. Birds lighting on Byzantine columns.
text: FINAL IMAGE is of an imposing STRUCTURE beyond the trees.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON FOR THE CRIMINALLY INSANE
text: Corridor of ancient stone and steel extends into infinite
text: darkness. Stale air hangs in the dim half-light like
text: atomized ether.
text: There is WHISPERING. And tangled VOICES.
text: DRIFT IN PAST prison cells the size of closets. Brief
text: flashes of carved faces, insanity -- COMING TO REST ON the --
speaker_heading: FINAL CELL
text: A gaunt PRISONER kneels on the granite, head bowed to a
text: wall hung tapestry of Christ. But he's not just praying.
text: He's digging. With his arm under the tapestry, he
text: scratches at the stone with a SPOON. After only a year,
text: the spoon finally breaks through.
scene_heading: INT. NARROW CHANNEL
text: Prisoner claws his way between ancient walls, comes to a
text: dead end against a thick wooden door. He nudges a
text: shoulder against it, digs in and pushes. DOOR GROANS
text: open, sucking air into the pitch black CHAMBER.
scene_heading: INT. PRISONER'S CELL
text: The tapestry covering the HOLE is pulled against the
text: wall, then billows outward like a sail.
scene_heading: INT. CHAMBER - PRISONER
text: pulls himself inside, chokes in the heavy air. He scans
text: the musty room. Antique furniture. A few empty crates.
text: And the remains of several deteriorating skeletons.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 2.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He looks to the far wall, sees a hint of light above
text: through the crumbling limestone. A way out. Too high to
text: reach, Prisoner pulls an old CHEST out of a cobwebbed
text: corner and slides it under the light.
text: He steps up onto the chest, grabs the edges of the hole
text: and starts to shove off when the top of the chest gives
text: way and his foot crunches through.
text: Prisoner reaches down to free his foot when he sees
text: something inside -- wrapped in a red cloth. He pulls it
text: out and as he unwraps it, he discovers the cloth is a
dialog: Nazi flag.
text: At the center is a crudely-shaped IRON RELIC. Eight inches
text: long. Stains on the edges. Could be the petrified tooth of
text: some prehistoric animal. Or maybe an ancient arrowhead.
text: As he holds it, feverish sweat starts to form on his face.
speaker_heading: MYSTERIOUS POV
text: From BEHIND. As if he's being watched by someone else.
text: Prisoner spins, looks back AT us. Nothing.
speaker_heading: PRISONER
text: starts toward the way out.
scene_heading: INT. PRISONER CORRIDOR
text: The Guard's flashlight beam probes the cell -- one by one
text: -- falls on the tapestry. Christ billows out from the
text: wall, revealing the hole.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON - VARIOUS SHOTS
text: ALARMS SOUND. Lights BLAST ON. Guards with weapons rush
dialog: through.
scene_heading: INT. NARROW CHANNEL
text: Prisoner squeezes toward light, grips the relic tight.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON - NIGHT
text: SIRENS BLARE as SPOTLIGHTS sweep across the ominous
text: structure. Prisoner breaks from the darkness, runs for
text: the trees on the other side of the wall.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 3.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GUARDS
dialog: (in Turkish)
dialog: Stop! Stop!
text: Prisoner spins, griping the relic tight. GUNSHOTS RING
text: OUT. Bullets streak toward him but never hit their
text: target. Guards check their weapons on the run.
scene_heading: EXT. NEAR A ROAD - NIGHT
text: Prisoner breaks from the trees, runs into a road.
text: Headlights wash over him and TIRES SCREECH. Prisoner
text: spins, is right in the path of a car.
text: BRAKES SQUEAL -- car locks up but too late -- IMPACTS
text: Prisoner who is violently thrown and lands in a heap.
text: CAR slides to a stop. DRIVER jumps out, sees the front
text: end sheet metal has accordioned all the way to the tires.
text: He scans the area for a body, spots the Prisoner and is
text: stunned to see him getting to his feet. Uninjured.
text: Prisoner is just as amazed. He glances at the RELIC in
text: his hand, notes the wrist has reddened and an odd SYMBOL
text: has appeared as if embossed in the flesh.
text: Driver calls out but the Prisoner is spooked, runs off.
text: OVER this we hear -- A CHILD'S SCREAM.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - DAY
text: FATHER HENNESSEY (50), stands over a young teen (13),
text: JEANIE, splashes holy water on her body. She screams
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: Et separatur a plasmate tuo, Ut
dialog: num quam laedatur amorsu antiqui
dialog: serpentes!
text: Her body convulses, pulls against the bandages tying her
text: hands and feet to the bed frame. Notice her fingernails.
text: Drained of color. Almost black.
text: Her MOTHER is off to one side, completely hysterical.
text: On the other side is a crowd of bewildered TENANTS, all
text: crammed into the hallway outside the opened door.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 4.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Nothing can compare with an exorcism. Especially one
dialog: that's gone bad.
text: The rather obese Priest tries to steady his hands and his
text: heart. It's obvious he's totally out of his league here.
text: GIRL lets out another SCREAM that ECHOES OVER --
scene_heading: EXT. AGING APARTMENT BUILDING
dialog: Not in a third world country but smack center in one of
text: America's richest cities. Sparkling high-rises tower in
text: the distance while flashy billboards tout the sexiest
dialog: fashions, the hottest automobiles and the smoothest malt
dialog: liquor.
scene_heading: SUPERIMPOSE: LOS ANGELES - TODAY
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY BY THE APARTMENT
text: A faded yellow taxi PULLS UP and stops. Someone steps
text: out, grinds a cigarette butt into the asphalt.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BUILDING - FOYER
text: Doors open, flood the musty darkness with a brief relief
text: of sunlight. A MAN -- whose face we don't see -- steps
text: inside, his trench coat hanging like the folded wings of
text: a raven.
text: He pauses, pulls an ORNATE LIGHTER and lights a
text: cigarette. Takes a puff and pushes on inside.
scene_heading: INT. NARROW STAIRCASE HALL WALL
text: Lined with tenants trying to get a glimpse of the
text: unexplainable.
text: The Stranger pushes through. Suspicious faces step out
text: of his path. The ones that don't he pushes aside -- even
dialog: the gangbangers.
text: The man has no patience for politeness, no time for tact,
dialog: no fear of anything.
text: This man is JOHN CONSTANTINE.
text: He arrives at his destination, barges into --
dialog: 5.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT 7B
text: One scan of the situation is all it takes. The bed --
text: the child -- the panicked priest -- who rushes to John.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Thank God you're here...
text: John shoots him a disgusted look. Hennessey gives him a
text: wide berth.
text: John walks past the panic-stricken MOTHER without a
text: glance, sets his cigarette on the nightstand, the glowing
text: tip drooped over the edge. He puts a gloved hand to the
text: child's face and it burns on contact. His demeanor
text: instantly changes as he leans right next to the ear of
text: the little girl and whispers --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: This is Constantine. John
dialog: Constantine, asshole.
text: The girl JOLTS, bandages on her arms cut into her skin.
text: Eyes snap open -- glare right through him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: How ya doing?
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Vamos juntos a matarla.
text: John whips out a key chain crammed with medallions.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Let's see who we got here...
text: He holds them up so they cast shadows across Jeanie's
text: face. He flips through each of these sculptured SAINTS
text: until the child suddenly reacts to one -- tries to look
dialog: away.
text: John stares at the Saint responsible, seems genuinely
text: puzzled. He turns to the Mother -- very serious.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I need a mirror. Now.
text: Shaken, the Mother produces a small compact. John pushes
text: it away, turns to the doorway crowd.
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: A large mirror. At least --
dialog: (sizes up the child)
dialog: -- three feet high.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 6.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The hallway crowd discusses possibilities.
speaker_heading: JOHN
speaker_heading: MOVE.
text: Tenants run to retrieve a mirror. Hennessey looks
dialog: worried.
text: John grabs the bed -- shoves Hennessey aside as he swings
text: the bed around, legs gouging hardwood all the way. Faces
text: it toward the window.
scene_heading: INTERCUT - APARTMENT 5G BELOW
text: Several of the MEN from the hallway crowd storm through
text: an OLD WOMAN'S stuffy apartment, locate a huge iron-
text: framed mirror and rip it and half the plaster from the
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: centers on a drapery ROPE, pulls hard. Drapery HOOKS
text: EXPLODE off the curtain rod as he swings open the window,
text: looks down into the alley where that yellow taxi is
dialog: parked.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Chaz?
text: CHAZ (20s) looks up from his cab. Cool. Frustrated.
dialog: You just know he'd love to be up there, not down here.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Move the car.
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: MOVE THE DAMN CAR.
text: John frees the drapery rope, ducks back into the room.
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: Park the car -- Move the car...
text: Chaz shifts into reverse, moves the car three feet.
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: There, I moved the damn car.
dialog: 7.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: Four men struggle to carry up that enormous mirror. The
text: Old Woman follows, begs them to be gentle. They swing
text: the mirror around, take out a chunk of banister. She
dialog: freaks.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT 7B
text: Hennessey can only watch as John threads the drapery rope
text: through the fire escape railing, drapes it back through
text: the window and loops it over the ceiling fan.
text: He climbs onto the bed, leans over the child whose eyes
text: have closed and she's shaking badly. Her body seems to
dialog: be going into shock. Isn't strong enough for this.
text: John has no choice -- slaps her. Eyes pop back open.
text: Dark and dilated. He yells down at her in Aramaic and
dialog: English.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Amar natash bow basar! -- Rescind
dialog: from the flesh I command thee --
text: The girl chokes as if ready to spit.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That's it -- time to go home.
scene_heading: Jeanie SCREAMS --
speaker_heading: JEANIE
dialog: Tiempo para morir!
text: Her body suddenly PULSES half again larger. John recoils
text: for a beat. Odd. He continues in Aramaic --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Amar natash bow basar --
text: Another PULSE and this time a SHAPE is clearly seen
text: expanding under the child's skin -- as if the demon
text: inside were trying to burst right through.
text: John backs off -- watches as the shape ripples her flesh,
text: like fingers caressing from the other side. John glances
dialog: to Hennessey. What the hell?
text: MIRROR arrives at the doorway, BANGS against the JAM.
text: John waves them in. The four men heft it into the room.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Lift it. Over the bed. Up.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 8.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: John ducks, settles on the girl as they raise it over
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hennessey, tie it off --
text: Hennessey is glad to be called into service -- quickly
text: ties one end of rope to the mirror. John straddles the
text: girl, positions his head between her and the mirror above
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Now close your eyes -- all of you
dialog: -- and whatever happens -- do not
text: look into the mirror.
text: The men close their eyes. Muscles tense under the
dialog: weight.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Amar natash bow basar! -- rescind
dialog: from the flesh I command thee!
text: Jeanie reacts -- that SHAPE reappears, contorts the young
text: body all out of proportion.
text: John unblocks the mirror for a second and Jeanie is
text: reflected inside. It's not just the image of a young
text: girl in there, but something else. The surface of the
text: mirror FLEXES in the hands of the men. One starts to
dialog: look --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No!
text: Jeanie SCREAMS -- breaks free of the straps. She rises
text: up, grabs John tight around the throat. Nails dig deep.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: John?!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (looking into
dialog: mirror)
dialog: Not yet!
text: John struggles, puts his hands over her mouth -- cutting
text: off her air supply. Question is, who's going to pass out
dialog: first?
text: Jeanie's body is racked by whatever's inside her. She
text: goes into shock, body collapsing -- shaking -- close to
dialog: death.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 9.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Look! Look at me!
text: But she's passing out first. John quickly takes the
dialog: medallion that caused the earlier reaction --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Goddamit -- look!
text: -- and presses it against her forehead. Eyes snap wide
text: and John unblocks the mirror. Jeanie locks on her
text: reflection and the image in the mirror changes
dialog: drastically.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Smile pretty you vain prick.
text: The child's reflection has now changed to a pissed off
text: DEMON. One that knows it just got suckered in.
text: MIRROR VIBRATES wildly in the men's grip. Demon
text: reflection ripples the glass -- bending it outward into
text: three-D space as the girl takes her last breaths --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Now, Hennessey. Now!
text: Hennessey PULLS the rope with all three-hundred-plus
text: pounds as John gives the demon face a full extended
speaker_heading: FINGER.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: For your boss.
text: Demon pushes for him but mirror is jerked into motion.
text: Swings right out the window but catches on a sliver of
dialog: wood --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No you don't.
text: John jumps up and helps push the mirror free.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT BUILDING - HUGE MIRROR
text: Falls SLOW MOTION from the 7th story -- tumbling end over
text: end, sunlight beams glancing off the glass, PROJECTING
text: the image of the Demon into the LA cityscape. ONTO
text: buildings, sidewalks, a passing truck -- until all three
text: hundred pounds of IRON AND GLASS come CRASHING down ON
text: the taxi's hood.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: SHIT!
text: Demon's image SHATTERS on impact -- GLASS SPLINTERING
text: into a million diamond-like fragments that choke the air.
text: The GROAN of something evil reverberates into the city
dialog: beyond.
text: Chaz looks up, sees he missed dying by three feet.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: Jeanie GASPS -- takes her first breath as a child again.
text: And CRIES. Mother pulls her in, hugs her tight. Note
text: the girl's fingernails. No longer black.
text: John's beat, reclaims that stub of a cigarette, still
text: burning. Takes a drag. He pushes past Hennessey who is
text: approaching the mother.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: Now about the fee...
text: John slips FROM VIEW into the kitchenette, hides the fact
text: that he has to lean against the door to keep his balance.
text: He catches his breath, looks up and is staring right at a
text: child's crayon drawing magneted to the fridge. A drawing
text: of a figure poking another in the side with a long stick.
text: This image is repeated over and over.
text: John tugs it off the fridge, tucks it away.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BUILDING - STAIRWELL - LATER
text: Hennessey follows John down the spiraling stairs, passing
text: the gathered tenants. A few are freaked, cross
text: themselves. Others horrified. But many want to touch
text: them, shake their hands.
text: A shadowy FIGURE several floors up stares over the rail
text: at the heroes below. Note the slick suit, the polished
text: veneer.
dialog: This is BALTHAZAR and he definitely does not rent here.
text: He flicks an ancient COIN between his fingers.
text: JOHN pauses, gazes up through the stairwell as if sensing
text: something. No one there. Balthazar is gone.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 11.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: JOHN shakes off the feeling, continues down the steps
text: where Hennessey is shoving his HAT in front of the
text: tenants. They're gladly giving to the cause.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: Thank you. Yes... Gracias...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hennessey.
text: Hennessey stops his panhandling, continues toward the
dialog: exit.
scene_heading: INT. FOYER
text: John and Hennessey stop near the front entrance. John
text: rips the white collar from Hennessey's neck.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: I know, I know, but I didn't think
dialog: she was really possessed, not like
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'm not back an hour and you drag
dialog: me into --
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: -- Don't be mad, John, don't be --
text: John rummages through his coat pockets --
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
text: On the left side.
text: John keeps searching.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
text: Vest pocket.
text: John rips his smokes from the left vest pocket --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Don't do that shit on me --
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: Sorry, sorry. Here, you can have
dialog: half.
text: Hennessey starts to divvy the cash but John snatches the
dialog: hat.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 12.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I should take it all, save you
dialog: from yourself.
text: He gestures that bagged BOTTLE in Hennessey's jacket.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: It keeps them out, so I can sleep.
dialog: Please, John, I need to sleep.
text: John stares at his pathetic friend, sighs, finally slips
text: a few bills from the wad and hands them over.
text: Hennessey is bubbling with appreciation, starts to
text: follow. John simply holds up a hand. Hennessey stops,
text: watches John walk out. Alone.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY BY THE APARTMENT
text: John turns the corner, spots Chaz punching a dent from
text: the taxi's hood.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I told you to move it.
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: Well maybe if you had told me you
dialog: were dropping a three-hundred
text: pound mirror with a pissed-off
dialog: demon in it I would have moved it
dialog: further.
text: Chaz slams the hood. They slide into the car.
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well what?
text: Chaz reaches back into John's front coat pocket -- pulls
text: out Hennessey's wad of cash -- slips off a few bills.
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: Shouldn't have cut your stay in
dialog: the land of enlightenment. You
dialog: were so close to growing a
dialog: conscience.
text: John grins, pulls his special lighter, lights a smoke and
text: sits back.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 13.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Los Angeles...
text: He looks back up at the apartment, still puzzled.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Never ceases to entertain.
text: Chaz crams the car in gear as John takes a drag, coughs.
scene_heading: EXT. THE SKY
dialog: One of those perfect days. With perfect clouds. So
dialog: clear you feel you could reach out and touch Heaven.
text: Two young girls rise INTO FRAME on side-by-side swings.
dialog: For a moment they're suspended against that incredible
text: sky. Then gravity takes hold and they fall back to
dialog: Earth.
speaker_heading: MAN (V.O.)
dialog: You still with me?
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY - DAY
text: ANGELA'S (30) weary eyes open. She's on her belly hidden
text: between track ties and shadows even deeper. Grips a
text: police-issue revolver tight. She's pinned down, unable
dialog: to move.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Yeah...
text: The MAN is thirty feet down the same track. Their VOICES
text: ECHO off the curved walls, come from everywhere.
dialog: How either of these two got here isn't important. Who
dialog: will get out is.
speaker_heading: MAN (O.S.)
dialog: So what's next, Detective? We
dialog: gonna do a full marathon?
text: Intermittent RADIO CHATTER buzzes from Angela's WALKIE-
dialog: TALKIE. You get the sense Angela is not alone in here.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Put your weapon on the tracks and
dialog: step out with your hands above
dialog: your head.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MAN (O.S.)
dialog: Or how 'bout you show yourself and
dialog: I put a bullet in your skull just
dialog: like I did hers!
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: That's just not going to happen.
speaker_heading: MAN (O.S.)
dialog: You sure about that?!
text: Angela checks the chamber -- sees she has one bullet
dialog: left.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: (almost pleading)
dialog: Now put down your weapon on the
dialog: tracks and --
text: GROUND BEGINS to VIBRATE. Tunnel starts to GLOW.
speaker_heading: MAN (O.S.)
dialog: Well ain't this a peach?!
text: Angela looks back, sees several SHADOWS of figures waving
text: far off. Her RADIO is flooded with futzed CHATTER.
speaker_heading: DETECTIVE WEISS (V.O.)
dialog: (over radio)
dialog: Get off the tracks! Blueline is
dialog: coming! Clear the tracks!
text: Angela peeks over the track. Still no sign of her perp.
text: The TRAIN is coming INTO VIEW and its BEAM shoots through
text: the tunnel, turning every particle of dust into a supernova.
text: The SOUND is DEAFENING.
speaker_heading: MAN (O.S.)
dialog: C'mon, Detective, step into the
dialog: light and be saved!!
text: Angela looks back, squints into the brilliant LIGHT.
text: She grips her GUN and in one burst of flat-out bravado --
text: rises as she AIMS.
text: And there he is -- the Man rising with his own gun.
text: Angela FIRES as both dive off the track. His BULLET
text: RICOCHETS behind her. Hers finds its mark. Man goes
text: down right in the train's path.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Angela rolls over on the side of the tracks, catches her
text: breath. She closes her eyes and crosses herself as the
text: train roars past in a staccato blur.
scene_heading: EXT. 20 LANES BOWLING ALLEY - DAY
text: Chaz's taxi pulls up, parks.
speaker_heading: TAXI TRUNK
text: OPENS, REVEALS suitcases stamped with AIR INDIA. John
text: starts inside, pauses as Chaz yells --
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: There are four bags. I have two
dialog: hands. This give you any ideas?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Make two trips?
text: John walks in. Chaz curses under his breath.
scene_heading: INT. 20 LANES BOWLING ALLEY
text: Evening leagues are going strong. John walks in, looks
text: totally out of place. He moves down the BALL RACK area,
text: runs his fingers across the various leftovers, finally
text: stops at a pearl-white dazzler.
text: He lifts it from the rack, steps out into the prep
text: area -- in front of one of the few lanes not in use.
dialog: Number 13.
text: John snatches a grease pencil from the overhead,
text: scribbles right on the ball -- "PROVISIONS DEPLETED."
text: He fluffs his trench coat back, steps onto the polished
text: wood with his well-traveled Oxfords.
text: Young bowlers on both sides stop to look at this oddity.
text: An attractive brunette is rather curious. John gives her
text: a wink. Her boyfriend doesn't appreciate it.
text: John bowls. Perfect hook ball. Strike! Brunette grins.
text: John returns the smile, heads into the hallway by the
dialog: pool tables.
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S APARTMENT
dialog: Seems small until you walk in and realize it's as long as
dialog: a bowling lane. Makes that cage enclosed bed at one end
text: seem like it's a mile away.
text: Chaz throws the suitcases on it as John arrives.
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: (yells across room)
dialog: Simple question. How much longer
dialog: do I have to be your slave?
text: John pulls a chain and a wall of window shutters open.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You're not my slave, Chaz. You're
dialog: my very appreciated assistant.
dialog: Like Tonto and Robin and that
text: skinny fellow with the fat friend.
text: Along the floor, encircling the entire room, are 5 gallon
text: Sparkletts bottles. Each is adorned by a small hand-
text: marked CROSS. John takes a moment to adjust one out of
dialog: place.
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: How much longer?
text: John doesn't like his tone.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well I don't know, what's the
dialog: going rate for saving a taxi
text: driver hanging from his
text: fingernails about to be swallowed
dialog: into the jaws of Hell?
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: So what time you want me back?
text: John gives him a knowing look, goes back to emptying his
dialog: pockets.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I need to make an appearance at
dialog: Midnite's. Say ten-ish?
text: Chaz sighs, starts out --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Chaz...?
text: Chaz turns back, catches an object John throws him.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: A little something from Delphi.
text: It's a dashboard air freshener shaped like a cow.
text: Chaz tips it. Moooooo. John finds it rather amusing.
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: Gee, thanks.
text: Chaz leaves. John removes a small BLACK BOX from his
text: jacket. He sets it carefully on its own shelf by the
text: window -- stares out.
speaker_heading: BEEMAN (O.S.)
dialog: 'Provisions depleted?'
text: John turns to see BEEMAN waddle in.
speaker_heading: BEEMAN
dialog: I gave you three months worth.
dialog: You were gone only one.
text: This diminutive occult version of Bond's "Q" carries a
text: custom bowling bag and squints in the light like a mole.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What can I say, Beeman, India was
dialog: a real drain.
text: They shake hands. Beeman sets his bowling bag onto the
text: table, unzips it.
speaker_heading: BEEMAN
dialog: So what do you need?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Everything you got.
speaker_heading: BEEMAN
dialog: (pausing)
dialog: You smell something, John?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Maybe. Incubus in this girl I
dialog: just exorcized seemed a bit more
text: spirited than usual.
text: Beeman starts pulling things out. First is a frayed RAG.
dialog: Then glass containers...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BEEMAN
dialog: Well, I've got your stone
dialog: fragments from the Road to
text: Damascus, dust from the Dead Sea
dialog: Scrolls -- oh, you'll love this --
text: Out comes a little MATCHBOX with a smiling bug graphic.
speaker_heading: BEEMAN
text: Screech beetle from Mount Sinai.
text: He shakes the matchbox and the BEETLE flutters inside.
text: It's WINGS create an eerie HIGH-PITCHED WHIRL. John
dialog: shrugs. So?
speaker_heading: BEEMAN
dialog: Yeah, to you it's nothing but to
text: the Fallen -- like fingernails on
text: a chalkboard.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What is it with you and bugs?
text: Beeman pulls out a set of sculptured BRASS KNUCKLES.
text: Actually solid gold and engraved with religious markings.
text: John takes them, tries them on. Nice fit.
speaker_heading: BEEMAN
dialog: Gold was blessed by the Bishop
dialog: Anicott during the Crusades.
text: John spots a foot-long COPPER TUBE in the bag, pulls it
text: out, grips the bicycle handle on one end.
speaker_heading: BEEMAN
dialog: Watch it there.
text: With this puny little thing? John gives the handle a
text: squeeze and WHOOOOSH -- ten-foot FLAME BELCHES out.
speaker_heading: BEEMAN
text: Dragon's breath.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I thought you couldn't get it
dialog: anymore.
text: Beeman shrugs, modesty. John starts to put it down on
text: the table and Beeman quickly pulls the frayed rag away.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BEEMAN
dialog: Whoa, don't want to get a flame
dialog: near this.
dialog: (off John's look)
dialog: Piece of the shroud Moses wore to
dialog: the mountain.
dialog: John picks it up -- You're shitting me, right? Nope.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Got any callinicus?
speaker_heading: BEEMAN
dialog: (intrigued)
dialog: How spirited was this incubus?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (coughs)
dialog: Like it was trying to come right
text: out through the girl
text: Beeman just stares at him -- is this a joke?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I know how it sounds...
speaker_heading: BEEMAN
dialog: We're finger puppets to them,
dialog: John, elaborate costumes -- they
dialog: can work us but don't come through
dialog: us. They can't. You know that.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Check the scrolls anyway.
dialog: Corinthians. See if there are any
dialog: precedents.
speaker_heading: BEEMAN
dialog: Sure, John. Anything else?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (coughs again)
dialog: Wouldn't happen to have anything
dialog: for --
text: Beeman sets down a bottle from the bag -- Vick's 44.
speaker_heading: BEEMAN
text: On the house.
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES POLICE DEPARTMENT - DAY
text: Lots of blue on blue in this parking lot.
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM
text: Locker door opens and Angela is there, covered in the
text: grime of the subway. She's pained as she pulls off her
text: shoulder holster. Looks at herself in the door mirror.
text: Tired, aging eyes stare back.
speaker_heading: WEISS (O.S.)
text: Gutsy move out there, Dodson.
text: Angela glances at DETECTIVE WEISS as he opens his locker.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Gutsy? Well that's a new one.
text: The two exchange a look.
speaker_heading: WEISS
dialog: You're alive. Bad guy's dead. No
dialog: point in using the other words.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: WEISS
dialog: (shuts his locker)
dialog: Even though it was reckless --
dialog: irresponsible -- stupid...
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: I knew you still cared.
speaker_heading: WEISS
dialog: You're good, Angela, real good but
dialog: one of these days...
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: (heard it before)
dialog: I know, nobody's luck lasts
dialog: forever.
text: He meets her eyes. Exactly. He really does care.
text: Weiss breaks it off, leaves. Angela turns to close her
text: locker door, notices her reflection does not turn.
text: She grabs the door, looks back in. Reflection is as it
text: should be. She shudders, slams the locker door.
scene_heading: EXT. CLUB MIDNITE - 10 PM
text: So exclusive there's not even a line out front. Just a
text: pair of bouncers waiting to roll someone just for fun.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Chaz follows John from the cab to the entrance. A
text: Bouncer selects a PICTURE CARD from a deck. On the front
text: are TWO FLYING DOLPHINS. Only we can see the back, which
dialog: is --
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: Two frogs on a bench.
text: Yep. They let him pass. Chaz steps up and lucky him --
text: he gets the same TWO FLYING DOLPHINS.
speaker_heading: CHAZ
text: Two frogs on a bench.
text: But Chaz is stiff-armed because the back of this card
text: shows a BEAR in a dress.
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: What? But I'm with him! Right,
dialog: John? John?
text: John glances back -- gives him an impassive look. Chaz
text: backs away, stares after him. Someday.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB MIDNITE
text: MUSIC FLOODS this exclusive establishment. It's a clash
text: of cultures and influences not easily dated. A retro
dialog: speakeasy for the new millennium.
text: John walks through a maze of passages while the fantasies
text: of a twisted city play out in the shadows. He pauses,
text: sees a clan of suited businessmen in a corner, showing
text: off for several ladies.
text: One fills a line of shot glasses from a pitcher of water.
text: Another waves his hand over them, turns the water into
text: RED WINE. The ladies are very impressed, drink up.
text: NICO, a young black man, walks past John.
speaker_heading: NICO
dialog: Neighborhood's going to Hell.
text: John offers a half smile. He likes this kid, walks on.
text: One of the men in the group turns, watches John.
text: Balthazar. He grins and pockets that odd COIN.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: John starts up a long flight of stairs, stops in front of
text: two very large doors.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Their surface is ancient, the wood petrified over
text: countless centuries. John places his fingers into the
text: gnarled folds, closes his eyes --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Numquam leadatur a morsu.
text: A living GROAN BELLOWS from the rigid seams but the doors
dialog: don't budge.
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: Bastard changed the code again.
dialog: (bangs the doors)
dialog: Midnite! Come on, do I have to
dialog: huff and puff here?!
text: The doors unlatch.
scene_heading: INT. MIDNITE'S OFFICE
text: SWEEP ACROSS a meticulously-crafted ORRERY, a scientific
dialog: sculpture that normally displays our solar system in
dialog: relative motion. But the planets here are ancient RELICS
text: with symbols and names -- MATERIAL, ASTRAL, SPIRITUAL,
text: ICONIC, etc. And the globe at the center -- "CREATOR."
dialog: This is an orrery of the forces of the Universe. And
text: it's not moving.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE (O.S.)
dialog: Et separatur a plasmate tuo, Ut
dialog: num quam laedatur amorsu antiqui
dialog: serpentes...
text: John steps in through the doors behind.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Deciding which color to paint this
dialog: place again?
text: PAPPA MIDNITE stands in the jungle he calls an office.
dialog: Part African witch doctor, part savvy businessman. A
text: full six and half feet of solid contradictions.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: You're back early.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I got tired of spending your
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: But I'm sure you spent enough.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well I do have a certain standard
dialog: of living.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: Tell me you found it.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I found the vault.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: That's not what I asked.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hey, can I help it if Buddhist
dialog: monks don't take bribes?
text: Midnite strides toward him when John calmly pulls from
text: his pocket a small ebony and gold RELIC. It stops
text: Midnite cold.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Gotcha.
text: A reluctant grin cracks Midnite's stern features. He
text: takes the relic in his thick fingers -- stares
text: breathlessly at a gaunt figure bracing itself against a
dialog: cosmic wind.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: Second century depiction of a
dialog: sephiroth in the 4th realm...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Right. So we good here?
text: Midnite ignores his outstretched palm, slides the relic
text: precisely onto one of the many rods jutting from the
dialog: Universal orrery.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: It should counter the iconic
dialog: plane --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That damn thing's never going to
dialog: balance.
text: Midnite lets go and the complex machine actually starts
dialog: to move. To turn.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: John is somewhat intrigued until the newest relic
text: collides with another and the orrery jams to a halt.
text: Midnite deflates, stares at John, suspiciously.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: Must I remind you of what selling
dialog: fake relics will do to your
dialog: health?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It's authentic, Midnite, you just
dialog: have the wrong piece. Jesus...
text: The two have a mini stare-down. John's rigid poker face
text: is only broken by a cough. Midnite sighs, breaks it off.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What? -- I didn't blink -- that
dialog: was a cough. You never cough?
text: Midnite reaches into his tuxedo jacket and hands over a
text: thick stack of HUNDREDS.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Better not be any Washingtons in
dialog: here this time.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: Why did you cut your trip short?
text: John stops the counting, actually thinks about it.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don't know... Just a feeling --
text: John suddenly spins toward the entrance doors, is stunned
dialog: to see --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Balthazar.
text: Balthazar is behind him. Utterly confident. Chillingly
dialog: so.
speaker_heading: BALTHAZAR
dialog: We're not still whining about
dialog: Manhattan, are we?
text: John's attempt to disguise his anger fails.
speaker_heading: BALTHAZAR
dialog: That expression alone has made my
dialog: entire night.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: John takes several steps toward him. Grins. Malevolent.
dialog: There's history here.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'll make your night -- I'll
dialog: deport your sorry ass right where
dialog: you stand --
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
speaker_heading: JOHN.
text: John stops in his tracks.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It's bad enough that you let these
dialog: half-breeds in at all but this
dialog: piece of shit --
speaker_heading: BALTHAZAR
dialog: Perks of becoming a primary
dialog: investor.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What?!
text: Midnite's eyes say it all -- not here, not now.
speaker_heading: BALTHAZAR
text: Things change, balances shift.
dialog: Get used to it, Constantine.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Not while I'm still breathing --
text: John starts to cough again.
speaker_heading: BALTHAZAR
dialog: I'm sorry, I didn't catch that.
text: John tries to catch his breath, can't. And that scares
text: him a bit. He tries to hide it, pushes out.
scene_heading: EXT. CLUB MIDNITE
text: John SLAMS out the exit -- coughing. He pulls the Vicks
text: 44 from his jacket, struggles with the child protector
dialog: cap.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: Hey, John.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: John is surprised to see Hennessey waiting. He chokes,
text: is about to bust the Vicks 44 bottle. Hennessey grabs
text: hold, twists off the cap with one flick. John guzzles
dialog: the syrup.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: I'm real sorry about this morning,
dialog: John, real sorry. Please don't
dialog: hate me for draggin' you into
dialog: that. Please don't...
text: John can finally breathe.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don't hate you.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: That's good to hear. Real good...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: But could you at least wait until
dialog: I call for you before you show up?
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: You didn't call?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Not yet. Jesus, Hennessey, you
dialog: freak me out sometimes.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: So you want me to go away and come
dialog: back?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No. I've got an assignment for you.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: Really? What kind of assignment?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: The kind you'll have to be sober
dialog: for.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: Oh God, you want me to surf the
dialog: ether.
text: He instinctively touches an AMULET around his neck. Four
text: intersecting crosses.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Come on, you know that exorcism
dialog: wasn't right.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 27.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: I... I don't have the Sight
dialog: anymore.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Don't have it or don't want to use
dialog: it?
text: Hennessey vacillates. This is obviously tough for him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Just look around. A few days.
dialog: You spot anything unusual,
dialog: anything -- you let me know.
dialog: Okay?
text: John wraps an arm around his shoulder like a good buddy,
text: then reaches behind his neck --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It'll be like old times.
text: -- and unclips the amulet from Hennessey's neck. That
text: unnerves the big guy. John drops it in Hennessey's
dialog: pocket.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Just for a few days.
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: Okay, okay... for you, John. Like
dialog: old times. Right.
text: Hennessey takes one last sip from his drink, hands the
text: bottle over. John downs the rest. Nods.
scene_heading: INT. ST. ANTHONY'S CHURCH - CONFESSION BOOTH - NIGHT
text: Angela sits inside.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: I killed a man today. Another
dialog: one.
text: FATHER GARRET sits on the other side of the mesh window.
speaker_heading: FATHER GARRET
dialog: I'm sorry, Angela.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Most cops go twenty years without
dialog: firing their gun. Not me. I
dialog: always seem to be in the wrong
dialog: place at the wrong time.
dialog: 28.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BUILDING - SERIES OF SHOTS - NIGHT
text: Angela arrives home. Pours milk for a cat. Lets her
text: hair down. Slips off her shoes.
speaker_heading: ANGELA (V.O.)
text: I didn't even see his face. I
dialog: just pulled the trigger and he
dialog: went away. Just like all the
dialog: others...
text: Angela in the SHOWER -- trying to wash off the guilt.
speaker_heading: FATHER GARRET (V.O.)
dialog: These feelings are natural in your
dialog: line of work, Angela. I'd be
dialog: worried if you didn't have them.
text: Angela now in a recliner, cat in her lap. She's tired.
text: Eyes are heavy.
speaker_heading: FATHER GARRET (V.O.)
dialog: But you have to be strong. You
dialog: can't allow your faith to be
text: overshadowed by guilt.
speaker_heading: ANGELA (V.O.)
dialog: I'm trying.
text: Her eyes close.
speaker_heading: ANGELA (V.O.)
dialog: I'm trying real hard.
scene_heading: INT. RAVENSCAR - NIGHT
text: Angela's eyes open. An Angela whose frightened features
text: are dripping with a fever sweat.
text: She's in a hospital gown, stares around a corner.
text: Janitor polishes the floor in the distance. A nurse
text: checks off charts in the f.g. And right between the two
text: darts Angela, unseen by anyone.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP - NIGHT
text: A metal fire door swings open and Angela bursts out --
text: breathing deep. She runs across the tar roof, almost
text: afraid to look back.
text: She gets to the ledge, steps up. A BOTTLE in the way
dialog: fall -- FOLLOW IT DOWN TO the --
dialog: 29.
speaker_heading: COURTYARD
dialog: -- where it SHATTERS --
scene_heading: INT. GROUND FLOOR HOSPITAL ROOM
text: The sound has drawn the attention of BARRY (10) lying in
text: bed. He moves up and stares out the window -- sees the
text: broken glass in the courtyard. He scans up the building
text: and spots a FIGURE standing on the roof.
scene_heading: ROOFTOP - WIDER
text: Chilling April air flutters Angela's gown, vaporizes her
text: breath. Tears stream down her cheeks as she contemplates
dialog: the unthinkable.
text: Cityscape of lights are spread out below but Angela is
text: seeing something else.
scene_heading: REFLECTED IN HER EYES --
text: is a city engulfed in RED FLAMES. Follow that tear with
text: the same reflection of fire inside as it traces her cheek
text: and slips into her mouth.
text: ANGELA shudders, rubs her wrist where we see the skin has
text: swelled and reddened just like the Prisoner's. And
text: there's that same circular symbol in the flesh.
text: She wipes her tears -- tries to be strong. Takes a few
text: breaths for courage, them simply steps off.
scene_heading: INT. BARRY'S ROOM
text: BARRY'S WIDE EYES follow her down.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - LATER
text: Barry approaches across the barren courtyard, leans down
text: to Angela's contorted body. But she's still alive.
text: Barry stares into eyes that are fading fast. He reaches
text: out, touches her face. Eyes close. She's gone.
scene_heading: INT. ANGELA'S APARTMENT
text: Angela stirs awake. Disturbed.
text: OVER this we hear INCESSANT COUGHING --
dialog: 30.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S APARTMENT - BATHROOM
text: John switches on the light, leans up from the sink and
text: wipes his mouth with a towel. It's covered with blood.
text: More runs down the drain. He stares at himself in the
text: mirror. ON John's worried eyes --
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: ANGLE - ANGELA'S EYES
text: looking equally distraught.
speaker_heading: WEISS (V.O.)
dialog: It's her, Angela...
scene_heading: EXT. RAVENSCAR HOSPITAL - WIDER - CONTINUOUS ACTION -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: Angela is led by Detective Weiss past several officers
dialog: and medical personnel.
speaker_heading: WEISS
dialog: It's Isabel.
text: They arrive at the covered body in the courtyard.
text: Coroner sees Angela approach and lifts the sheet from the
dialog: face.
text: Angela comes to a dead stop, emotions coming fast and
dialog: furious.
text: She leans close and we see a mirror of Angela. That's
dialog: when you realize that wasn't a dream. This is her twin.
text: But that circular symbol is nowhere on her wrist now.
text: Angela's eyes well with tears. It takes everything she
text: has to stay in control. Helps to wrap herself in the
text: job. She steps back, looks up at the tall building.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: She... she fell from the roof?
speaker_heading: WEISS
dialog: No. She jumped.
text: Angela gives him an incredulous glare. Shakes her head.
speaker_heading: WEISS
dialog: I know it's hard to accept but --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Isabel would never in a million
dialog: years take her own life. Never.
speaker_heading: WEISS
dialog: Angela... there was a surveillance
text: camera on the roof.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - DAY
text: John marches down a hallway, his trench coat a step
text: behind. He unconsciously rubs his left wrist, coughs.
text: Flicks an unlit smoke between his fingers.
text: John stops at a doctor's office door -- hesitates.
scene_heading: INT. RAVENSCAR - SURVEILLANCE FOOTAGE
text: View of the rooftop. There's Isabel in her nightgown,
text: stepping up -- pausing just a second. Then one step and
text: she's gone. So clear. So unrefutable.
speaker_heading: WIDER
text: Angela shudders as a comforting HAND rests on her
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: WEISS (O.S.)
dialog: Take some time...
text: Angela brushes off his hand, then spots Weiss and the
text: others on the other side of the room. Whose hand was
dialog: that?
scene_heading: INT. DOCTOR'S OFFICE
text: A LINE OF LIGHT BOXES illuminate several CHEST X-RAYS. A
text: DARK sinister splotch snakes through both LUNGS. John
text: stands there, stares at this wall of death with disbelief.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No -- I've beaten things,
dialog: insurmountable things, things most
dialog: people have never even heard of
dialog: and after all that you think I'm
dialog: going to be done in by THIS?
text: He raises a puny little cigarette. DR. LES ARCHER (50)
text: sighs. A delicate bedside manner is not his specialty.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: DR. ARCHER
dialog: You wouldn't be the first, John.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It can't be that simple. I mean
dialog: come on, Les, you saved me before.
dialog: You can do it again, right.
speaker_heading: DR. ARCHER
dialog: This is different. This is
dialog: aggressive.
text: John tries to stay cool -- fails. He TRASHES the X-ray
text: boxes. Diseased lungs disappear. Doc shakes his head.
speaker_heading: DR. ARCHER
dialog: Twenty years ago you didn't want
dialog: to be here. Now you don't want to
dialog: leave.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That's because I know exactly
dialog: where I'm going this time.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY
text: John steps outside of the Doctor's office, pauses to
text: gather himself. He starts walking. Wants out of here
dialog: fast.
scene_heading: INT. RAVENSCAR - HALLWAY
text: Angela is on the move. Emotions are coming in strong.
text: She can't get out of here fast enough.
text: She aims for the elevators, sees a MAN has just entered
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: (rushing toward it)
dialog: Wait, hold the door!
text: Angela, gets to the elevator, looks in. John stands
dialog: inside alone. This should be the first time we realize
dialog: they were in the same hospital.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Going down?
text: John pauses as the doors start to close.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 33.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Not if I can help it.
text: The doors close right on Angela.
scene_heading: EXT. SOMEWHERE IN ISTANBUL - DAY
text: A PICKUP TRUCK crosses a barren landscape.
text: In the back bed are several goats and one Prisoner.
text: He grips the relic tight in one hand. That anxious fever
text: has returned.
text: Glazed eyes dart to the side and lock on a rising
text: jetliner in the distance -- dart back to the road they're
text: on -- heading the opposite way.
text: Prisoner clamps his eyes tight, grips to the relic
dialog: tighter.
text: Eyes snap open and he turns, thrusts his elbow through
text: the center window, leans in and grabs the Driver -- jerks
text: his head back against the bulkhead -- cracking it in the
dialog: process.
text: Prisoner latches onto the wheel, takes control. He
text: swerves the car off the pavement, gets out and takes over
dialog: as driver.
text: Truck continues on, bouncing through a shallow ditch and
text: into the field beyond, aiming straight for the rising
text: airliners in the distance.
scene_heading: EXT. L.A. APARTMENT - DAY
text: Close to condemned status. SCAN UP floor after floor,
text: COMING TO REST ON a window covered with aluminum foil.
scene_heading: INT. HENNESSEY'S APARTMENT
text: Every wall of this tiny shithole is covered in aluminum
text: foil. A sober Hennessey stands surrounded by decades of
text: newspapers and periodicals -- tries to get his breathing
dialog: in check.
text: He instinctively reaches to his neck to touch the amulet
dialog: but it's not there. Oh yeah -- in the pocket. Decision
text: made, he reaches up, starts tearing the foil from the
text: walls and the window.
dialog: 34.
scene_heading: EXT. ECHO PARK (DOWNTOWN L.A.) - DAY
text: John sits at a park bench. Motionless. Taking in the
text: world. Clouds passing the sun. Shadows drifting across
text: the city. Leaves swirling after passing cars.
text: John just sits there, HEARING every breath he takes,
text: wondering which one will be his last.
speaker_heading: ELLIE (O.S.)
dialog: Lung cancer? Lung cancer?!
text: John turns to see ELLIE (23) strutting up the sidewalk.
text: Uninhibited. Oozing sex appeal. But dangerous. In more
dialog: ways than you think.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: That's funny as shit, John.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: As if you guys didn't have
dialog: something to do with it...
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Hey, I think you brought this one
dialog: on yourself.
text: John stares at her, tries to get a read.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Now why wouldn't you trust me?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I don't know, something in the
dialog: air --
text: She sits right on his lap, playfully.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Don't worry, John, you'll beat
dialog: this. You beat everything.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Not this time, Ellie.
text: John lifts her off of him, sets her aside.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Oh wow, you're serious... No
dialog: wonder the Boss is in such a good
dialog: mood.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah, I thought maybe you could
dialog: talk to him for me. You know...?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Ellie jumps off the bench, creates an odd SOUND as she
dialog: does.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: What?! Dammit, John, I know I owe
dialog: you but to even ASK that? All
dialog: those saints and martyrs slipping
text: through his grasp -- his own foot
text: soldiers sent back to him in
dialog: chunks. He's going to take all
dialog: that out on you, John, and he's
dialog: going to enjoy ripping your soul
text: to shreds until the end of time.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So I take that as a 'no?'
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: You're the one soul the man
dialog: himself would actually come up
dialog: here to collect. And you know how
dialog: much he despises this place.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'm starting to see his point.
text: Ellie sits back down, strokes his arm.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Have you gone to see the Snob?
text: Like scratching fingers across a blackboard. No way.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Look, don't let your ego get in
dialog: the way on this. I'd miss having
dialog: someone up here I can... relate
dialog: to.
text: She gives him a kiss. And for a second John's leg is
text: brushed by a tail. John doesn't react. Just turns and
text: walks away.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. CHAZ'S TAXI - DAY
text: Seen through a mild rain is the Theological Society
text: building, a foreboding structure that looks out of place
text: for this city. John stares out the back seat window,
text: takes a swig from a bottle of hard liquor. He turns to
dialog: Chaz --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'm sure I can get you in here.
text: Chaz gives the building another glance, shoves the meter
text: flag back down. Tick... tick... tick...
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: Pass.
scene_heading: INT. THEOLOGICAL SOCIETY - LATER
text: A few bishops talk quietly. A cardinal studies
text: Scriptures. Definitely not the place for atheists.
text: John walks through the vaulted chamber room to the --
speaker_heading: LIBRARY
text: John stops, fixes on the two gentlemen standing in front
text: of a fireplace. One is a young man of pure class wrapped
text: in Armani's best. The other is Father Garret.
text: John stands to the side and waits for their conversation
text: to end. An ATTENDANT makes the rounds.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: Can I take your coat, Mr.
dialog: Constantine?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No thanks, I'm not staying long.
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: How about you, ma'am?
text: Attendant turns to Angela standing just a few feet away,
text: her gaze fixed on the same two men.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: I'm not staying long either.
text: John glances over and for the second time they make
text: contact. Something about her eyes. John stares a bit
text: too long. Angela looks back toward the fireplace.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: My business with him is urgent.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: First come, first served.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: So you're rude no matter where you
dialog: are.
text: John gives her a look. The two men shake hands and start
text: to part. John and Angela make their move toward the men.
text: Both are surprised when Angela goes for Father Garret and
dialog: John goes for --
text: -- the SNOB, officially known as GABRIEL. Yes, that one.
speaker_heading: FATHER GARRET
text: and Angela have retreated to another area for privacy.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Why is he stalling on this? My
dialog: sister needs a Catholic funeral.
speaker_heading: FATHER GARRET
dialog: Angela, it's still considered a
dialog: mortal sin --
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: She didn't commit suicide.
speaker_heading: FATHER GARRET
dialog: The Bishop has read otherwise.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Father... David -- this is Isabel.
dialog: (meeting his eyes)
dialog: Please...
text: Father Garret stares at her, tries to be compassionate.
speaker_heading: FATHER GARRET
dialog: I'll talk to him again.
text: But Angela has just lost a load of faith.
text: BY THE FIREPLACE
text: Gabriel sits in his chair, watches the fire with
text: unblinking eyes. John approaches from behind and against
text: the backdrop of flame, sees the nebulous shape of wings.
text: The ghostly image is visible for only a heartbeat.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: (without looking back)
dialog: I know what you want, son.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: John sits across from him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Been keeping your all-seeing eye
dialog: on me, have you?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I could offer how a shepherd leads
dialog: even the most wayward of his flock
dialog: but it might sound disingenuous.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So you're going to make me beg?
text: Angela pauses on her way out, looks over.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: It wouldn't help. You've already
dialog: wasted your chance at redemption.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What about the minions I've sent
dialog: back, the souls that I've saved --
dialog: that should guarantee my passage
dialog: across --
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: (keeping it private)
dialog: -- No -- passage requires faith
dialog: and faith by definition is belief
dialog: without proof. You have proof.
dialog: And that means you're not playing
dialog: by the same rules as everyone
dialog: else. Your work has mostly been
dialog: for selfish reasons. I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: This is bullshit -- bullshit!
text: Now he's really got Angela's attention.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It's like you've got some cosmic
dialog: scale weighing everything we do --
text: help an old lady across the
dialog: street -- put in a nickel, kick a
dialog: dog, take out a dime -- you're
dialog: fucking nickel and diming us to
dialog: death down here!
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Keep your voice down.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: John jumps up, leans into his face.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: And you know what, you're the ones
dialog: with the problem, not us -- You make
dialog: these impossible rules to decide who
dialog: goes up, who goes down and you don't
dialog: even understand us --
text: This more than anything gets under Gabriel's skin.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Each of you is born with the
text: promise of salvation preordained.
dialog: The cost of your redemption is
dialog: simple belief. And yet you whine
dialog: about impossible rules. Sometimes
dialog: I imagine you hardly deserve the
dialog: gift you have been given.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Gift?! More like a curse the way
dialog: you manage things.
text: Gabriel stands and towers over John.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I am taking your situation into
dialog: account, John, but don't push me.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Why me, Gabriel? It's personal,
dialog: isn't it? I didn't go to church
dialog: enough? I didn't pray enough? I
dialog: was five bucks short in the
dialog: collection plate? Why?
text: Gabriel moves right up to him, makes this very personal.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: You're going to die because you
dialog: smoked 30 cigarettes a day since
dialog: you were 15. And you're going to
dialog: Hell because of the life you took.
dialog: Or to put it in a way that your kind
dialog: would understand. You're fucked.
scene_heading: EXT. THEOLOGICAL SOCIETY - MINUTES LATER
text: Angela stands on the porch at the edge of a downpour.
text: She hears a cough, looks over to see John standing on the
text: other side, looking equally frayed. They share another
dialog: glance.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 40.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: John fishes a pack of cigarettes from his pocket. Empty.
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: He has a rotten sense of humor.
dialog: (steps past)
text: And his punch lines are killers.
text: John tosses the cigarette pack, walks right into the
text: RAIN, away from Chaz's taxi pulling up.
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: (shouting out)
dialog: John? It's raining! Hey!
text: Angela watches John disappear in the rain, looks down at
text: the empty cigarette pack.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HENNESSEY'S APARTMENT - A CIGARETTE PACK
text: lies on the floor next to food wrappers, Coke bottles and
text: stacks of newspapers. Hennessey sits amongst the
text: garbage, slumped over. But he's not sleeping.
text: He's surfing the ether. Allowing his sixth sense to
text: guide him. His hands move down and across the stacks of
text: newer periodicals, fingers probing the layers of
dialog: information.
text: Left hand suddenly stops.
text: Hennessey's eyes open. He removes the layers of periodicals
text: on top of his left hand, leans close. Edges his fingers
text: away and sees an OBITUARY. A name -- Isabel Dodson.
scene_heading: EXT. L.A. STREETS - EVENING
text: John walks the streets, numb to the world. A rat
text: scurries past near the curb. Then another. Several
text: crows fly by.
text: Above him is a BILLBOARD - "YOUR TIME IS RUNNING OUT."
text: Doesn't matter that below it is -- "TO BUY A NEW CHEVY."
text: The point is crystal clear. John shakes his head, breaks
text: out laughing which quickly turns into a coughing fit.
text: He leans to a gutter. Another rat scoots past. John
text: barely notices. Then a frog jumps past. But it's the
text: crab crawling by that finally catches John's gaze.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: VOICE OF MAN (O.S.)
dialog: Hey, buddy, you got a light?
text: John turns, settles on a silhouetted figure standing
text: behind him, unlit cigarette butt in its mouth.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (coughs)
dialog: We gotta stick together, right?
text: John gathers himself. As he walks over to this OLD MAN,
text: he rummages through his coat pocket, retrieves a
dialog: matchbox.
text: The box shudders as a high-pitch FLUTTERING filters from
text: inside. Old Man winces as his entire body VIBRATES.
text: John realizes -- this is Beeman's matchbox, the one with
text: the screech beetle inside. And now he knows -- a beat
dialog: too late.
text: Old Man attacks.
text: John is knocked onto his haunches. As the Old Man closes
text: in, he's revealed in more detail. Body and face are
text: actually an intricate puzzle, an assemblage of city
text: vermin. Rats, insects, crows, frogs, crabs -- all held
text: together in the shape of a man.
text: John scampers backwards, just inches from this being's
text: outstretched grasp. He shakes the matchbox and the
text: screech beetle inside flutters again.
text: Old Man/Demon cringes as his entire body vibrates apart
text: for a second, then snaps back together. He GRABS onto
text: John with fingers of squirming vermin. Snake wraps
text: around his wrist. Crab snaps at his skin.
text: John shakes the beetle box harder -- causing the parts to
text: vibrate even further. Old Man grabs John's head and
text: vermin of various leg count crawl right onto John's face.
text: John's had enough -- shakes the matchbox violently, then
text: smashes it against the sidewalk.
text: BEETLE lets out a death SHRIEK and the Old Man
text: stutters -- his parts vibrating so wildly you can
text: actually see the b.g. through the seams.
text: John scampers loose, grabs a road barricade and swings it
text: with all his might. Old Man form shatters on impact.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: The entire mess collapses to the ground in a flood of
text: scattering critters. John starts stomping on them as
text: they scatter into the city.
text: John stands there, shocked and concerned. What the hell
dialog: is going on?
scene_heading: INT. ANGELA'S APARTMENT - DAY
text: That surveillance VIDEO FOOTAGE from Ravenscar plays
text: again. There's Isabel in her nightgown walking across
text: the roof.
text: Spread out on a cluttered coffee table is Isabel's case
text: file. CORONER'S REPORT is opened. Let's see "NO DRUGS
text: IN SYSTEM" and the biggie -- "Cause of Death -- SUICIDE."
text: Angela sits on the couch in her robe. Disheveled and
text: distraught. She's taking this hard.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: I'm sorry, Isabel...
text: She lowers her head. And in that brief moment of
dialog: silence --
speaker_heading: ISABEL (V.O.)
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Constantine.
text: Angela snaps back to the TV, freezes in shock.
text: There's Isabel ready to jump but this time she's looking
text: right back AT us -- at Angela. Then she's gone.
text: Angela quickly rewinds the tape and watches the sequence
text: again. This time Isabel doesn't look back. This time
text: there is no name. But Angela did see it. Did hear it.
text: She sits for a second. Stunned.
scene_heading: INT. MIDNITE'S OFFICE
text: John paces as Midnite works on that Universal orrery,
text: adjusting components but balance continues to elude him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: A few months, maybe a year.
dialog: That's it. End of story. Game
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHN (CONT'D)
dialog: (as Midnite doesn't
dialog: react)
dialog: Well, don't break down on my
dialog: account.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: What do you want from me? A
dialog: shoulder to cry on?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: This bastard attacked me right out
text: in the open -- on Sepulveda no
dialog: less.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: They don't like you, John. You've
dialog: deported how many back to Hell?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That's just it -- this wasn't some
dialog: possession or wayward half breed,
text: it was a full-fledged demon.
dialog: Here. On our plane.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: Right.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I know what I saw.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: You must have just crossed over
dialog: and didn't even realize it --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I didn't cross over -- It was on
dialog: this side. Here.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: -- it's wet out, you're wandering
dialog: around aimlessly, not to mention
dialog: completely emotional --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Emotional?!
text: John slams a fist against the counter. The orrery almost
text: topples but Midnite saves it. Decades of work almost
dialog: lost.
text: Midnite glares at a desperate John.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 44.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: Okay, so you saw something. We've
text: seen a few small ones slip through
dialog: now and then.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It's more than that... first the
dialog: girl, then this.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: John, you know my connections.
dialog: Any shifts or tremors in the
dialog: planes and I'd hear about it.
text: John just shakes his head, looks up -- convinced.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Something's coming.
text: Midnite sighs, gives up with him.
scene_heading: INT. LAPD OFFICE - LATER
text: The name JOHN CONSTANTINE is center screen on a
text: monitor -- typed into the police station's SEARCH ENGINE.
text: Angela sits alone in the squad room, rain streaking
text: across the windows.
text: Interpol comes back with results and a list of priors
dialog: scroll under John's name.
text: Must be a hundred PARKING VIOLATIONS. Several SPEEDING
text: tickets and a few RECKLESS ENDANGERMENT. In fact John's
dialog: license has been REVOKED.
text: But it's the other incidents that draw Angela in.
speaker_heading: BRIEF CLOSEUPS
dialog: Of specific words in a few HEADLINES -- "Occult activity
dialog: on the rise..." "Claimed possession is refuted by
dialog: Bishop..." "Satanic cult dissolved..."
text: Accompanies with an assortment of unusual case photos.
text: -- BLOOD PATTERNS on a WALL -- Odd SYMBOLS burned into a
text: ceiling. A cross burnt to a crisp.
text: -- JOHN in handcuffs looking back at a mother holding her
text: son in her arms. A younger and more noble Father
text: Hennessey stands beside them, looking grateful.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Another line -- "INSUFFICIENT EVIDENCE to PROSECUTE."
text: Angela scrolls, sees cities listed where John has made
scene_heading: waves -- LONDON -- PARIS -- ROME -- BUDAPEST -- MOSCOW.
text: Stops on the one that matters -- LOS ANGELES. And
dialog: there's an address.
text: Angela hits PRINT and the HP HUMS away.
text: A desk PHONE RINGS. Angela quickly looks around, sees
text: she's the only one here. She gets up, answers it.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: L.A.P.D. This is Dodson, hello?
text: Dead air. The next PHONE RINGS. Angela reaches for it
text: when the NEXT ONE RINGS, and the NEXT, the NEXT.
text: The RINGS HOP phone to phone in intimidating mockery.
text: Angela freezes, forces herself to stay calm. Sure
text: enough, the RINGS abruptly CEASE.
text: Angela reaches over, rips the page from the printer,
dialog: leaves.
scene_heading: INT. ISTANBUL AIRPORT - DAY
text: A police guard scans passengers and a printout of the
text: Prisoner. He walks past a man standing in the metal
dialog: detector line.
text: This is actually the Prisoner wearing the clothes and
text: glasses of the Driver. Is that a blood stain on the
dialog: lapel?
text: Sweat drops from his forehead and he nervously places the
text: iron relic in a bag he took from the truck driver. He
text: has no choice but to place it on the conveyer belt.
speaker_heading: MYSTERIOUS POV
text: Watching the Prisoner. He looks back AT us, suspicious.
dialog: Nothing there.
speaker_heading: PRISONER
text: looks back nervously, as his bag goes through the
dialog: detector.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: DETECTOR SCREEN
text: shows the folds of the bag, a wallet, a passport and
text: nothing else. The iron relic doesn't even produce an
dialog: outline.
text: Bag slides out, untouched. Prisoner can't believe his
text: luck, grabs the bag and walks on toward the gates.
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES - NIGHT
text: VARIOUS of the city -- the contrasts between the bright
text: and cheerful and the dark and mysterious. That abandoned
text: mission behind Bob's Big Boy, the Islamic Temple wedged
dialog: between competing banks.
dialog: COME TO REST ON --
text: The towering statue of The Good Shepherd. His hands are
text: welcoming us into the "HOLY CROSS CEMETERY."
text: Right across the street is the 20 Lanes Bowling Alley.
scene_heading: INT. 20 LANES - THE BAR
text: John drinks alone. Pissed at life. At death.
text: That small black box of his lies on the table unopened.
text: Spider runs across the table. John flips an empty glass,
text: traps it underneath. He takes a drag on his cigarette,
text: tips the glass and blows smoke inside. Spider can't
text: escape the poison air, bumps the glass. Trapped. Dying.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Welcome to my life.
speaker_heading: ANGELA (O.S.)
dialog: Mr. Constantine?
text: John looks up, spots Angela. Those eyes again.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: I saw you at --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: -- I remember.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: And --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 47.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: She did make an impression.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: I'd like to ask you a few
dialog: questions.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'm not really in the talking mood
dialog: right now.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Could you just listen then?
text: Angela sets her LAPD detective badge on the table.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Please?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Always a catch...
text: Angela sits across from him, puts the badge away.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: My sister was murdered last week.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Sorry to hear...
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Her name was Isabel. Isabel
dialog: Dodson?
text: She looks for a reaction. None.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: You don't remember her?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Never met her.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: You sure?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: She look anything like you?
dialog: (as Angela nods)
dialog: I would've remembered.
text: Another beat as their eyes meet. John looks away.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 48.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: She was a patient at Ravenscar.
dialog: Then last Tuesday she just decided
text: to step off the roof.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I thought you said she was murdered?
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Isabel would never take her own life.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You'd be surprised at what people
dialog: will do.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Look, I know I'm not making much
dialog: sense -- hell I'm not really sure
dialog: what I'm doing here... I just
dialog: feel -- the circles you travel
dialog: in -- the occult, demonology,
dialog: exorcisms...
text: John just stares at that spider in the glass. Trapped.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: I believe someone got to her, Mr.
text: Constantine, brainwashed her into
dialog: stepping off that roof. Some kind
dialog: of legion or cult.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Sounds like a theory. Good luck.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Well I thought with your
dialog: background and experience, you
dialog: could at least point me in the
dialog: right direction.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah, okay. Sure.
text: John points -- toward the exit. Angela is not amused.
text: But she's not giving up.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: My sister always talked about a
dialog: world better than this. Heaven as
dialog: some call it. She wasn't afraid
dialog: of dying because she knew it was
dialog: waiting for her. What everyone
dialog: fails to grasp is that if she had
dialog: really taken her own life --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 49.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: -- she would have committed a
dialog: mortal sin and her soul would have
dialog: gone straight to Hell where it
dialog: would never feel love or
dialog: compassion or anything but pain
text: again as the master himself rips
dialog: her apart over and over for the
dialog: rest of eternity.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That about right?
text: The words have hit so hard that Angela is speechless.
text: John sees the hurt in her eyes, would like to take it
text: back -- but it's too late.
text: She turns and starts out, slows --
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: You're not the only one afraid of
dialog: Hell.
text: John tries not to let that get to him. She leaves. He
text: glances out the window, watches her pass by. So long.
dialog: Good riddance.
text: But something's not right. Those deep shadows on the
text: buildings seem to be moving. John watches, confused,
text: realizes they're heading in Angela's direction.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh shit...
text: He stands, gains his bearings. As he walks out he flicks
text: the glass over. Spider runs free.
scene_heading: EXT. 20 LANES BOWLING ALLEY - NIGHT
text: Cars are lined all the way down the street. Angela walks
text: along the sidewalk unaware of the shadow following her.
text: It's joined by another in the trees -- both closing in
dialog: with each step.
speaker_heading: JOHN (O.S.)
dialog: Detective!
text: Angela looks back, sees John in the street.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: How open is your mind?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She doesn't answer, continues walking. What she doesn't
text: see are the shadows seeping back into the fringes. But
text: John does. He starts walking toward her.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Do you believe in Heaven and Hell?
dialog: (off no answer)
dialog: How about what comes out of each?
text: Angela keeps walking. He catches up with her.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hey!
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: You mean like angels?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: And demons.
text: Angela stares at him, continues walking. He keeps up.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: See, you don't have the mindset
dialog: for this kind of work.
text: They walk together down the lonely street.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Look, I see terrible things every
text: day. A mother drowns her baby. A
text: ten-year-old shoots his father.
dialog: But it's not demons, it's the evil
dialog: that men do.
text: Behind them, a streetlight BLINKS OUT. Then another.
text: They're not looking back so they don't see it.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You're right, we're capable of
dialog: terrible things but we usually
dialog: justify it with motives like money
dialog: and power and jealousy.
text: Another LIGHT FIZZES, blinks out.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Then sometimes, something comes
dialog: along and gives us just the right
dialog: nudge and we do truly evil things
dialog: just for the kick of it.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: I don't believe in demons.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You should. They believe in us.
text: They pass another streetlamp as it goes bright, then
text: blacks out. Both look up.
text: The next LAMP FLARES then FIZZES OUT.
text: Angela turns and sees that there are no lights behind
text: them. She looks to John. But he's staring straight
text: ahead. Because now the light in front of them is FLARING
text: BRIGHT.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We should go...
text: Second later it BLINKS OFF. John grabs her hand --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Fast.
text: Angela's confusion turns to tension as a raspy guttural
text: WIND races toward them.
text: John jerks her into action. They run towards the next
text: light. It blinks out right when they reach it.
text: They race to stay in the light, aiming toward the safety
text: of the brightly-lit statue of the Good Shepherd.
scene_heading: EXT. HOLY CROSS CEMETERY
text: They make it through the gate, pass through an alley of
text: overhanging trees. Something RIPPLES through the
text: branches -- flitters right past Angela's face. She swats
text: at it, manages to get a branch across the cheek.
text: They near the Good Shepherd and the floodlights FLICKER,
text: fade out. Statues of saints become dark monoliths.
text: John stops in an OPEN AREA between trees and a mausoleum.
text: A lit CROSS on the wall provides the only illumination.
text: Angela feels the scratch on her cheek, sees a trickle of
text: blood. Now she hears SOUNDS in the darkness. Like
text: LEATHER RUBBING. Surrounding them.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: John is just as surprised he's saying this --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Wings.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Wings?
text: John rummages through his trench coat -- fishes out that
text: cloth Beeman gave him. The one supposedly wrapped around
dialog: Moses.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: And maybe talons.
text: The cross is getting dimmer and dimmer...
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Are you kidding? Of what?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Something that's not supposed to
dialog: be here.
text: John quickly wraps the cloth tight around his hand.
text: Angela spins, eyes seeing only darkness as the sounds get
text: CLOSER -- ghastly sound of MOVEMENT in the fringes of
text: light.
text: The cross now resembles a dying wire filament and with
text: every second the circle of light gets smaller and those
text: SOUNDS GET CLOSER. John takes out his special lighter.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Close your eyes.
text: They are now standing in pitch darkness.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Suit yourself.
text: John flicks the lighter and in one powerful motion --
text: sweeps his arm up as he lights his hand.
text: Sacred cloth catches fire -- then IGNITES with a
text: brilliant retina-searing FLASH -- blinding Angela and
dialog: illuminating a --
text: -- CIRCLE OF WINGED DEMONS -- a roiling broth of
text: reptilian death -- right there -- ready to pounce.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 53.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: RED FLAME radiates from the cloth and DEMONS SHRIEK as
text: they are instantly vaporized.
text: John tucks his burning hand into a coat pocket,
text: extinguishes the flame. He leans down to a rubbery stain
text: left from one of the burnt demon carcasses. Shakes his
text: head in disbelief.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: 'I accidentally crossed over?' I
dialog: don't think so.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: (coming up behind)
dialog: What was that? I saw wings -- and
dialog: teeth -- they were flying. What
dialog: the hell were those things?!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: They weren't angels.
text: John scans the area, trying to think this through.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Seplavites, actually. Scavengers
dialog: for the damned.
dialog: (off her lost look)
dialog: Demons?
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: What? You can't be serious...
dialog: this is impossible...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Yeah...
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: And I don't think they were after
dialog: me...
text: John looks at her with renewed interest.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You really believe she wouldn't
dialog: commit suicide?
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: (a bit thrown)
dialog: My sister?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Never in a million years.
text: John makes the decision.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 54.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Let's be sure.
text: He starts walking. Angela is now compelled to follow.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Simple. See if she's in Hell.
scene_heading: EXT. L.A. COUNTY MORGUE - NIGHT
dialog: Not exactly an inviting place.
text: Hennessey steps off the curb, looks up at his
dialog: destination.
scene_heading: INT. ANGELA'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: John stares at a photo of Angela and her father in police
text: uniform. Obviously happier times.
text: Angela walks out of her bedroom holding a cardboard box.
text: That gray cat follows close to her heels.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: These are all Isabel's things.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: The cat too?
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Yeah, why...?
text: John ignores the box of items, picks up the cat. He
text: studies it a bit, then sits back in a chair with it.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Don't you need candles and a
dialog: pentagram for this to work?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (deadpan)
dialog: Why, do you have any?
text: John puts his feet, shoes and all into a BUCKET OF WATER.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I need you to step outside now.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
dialog: Angela wants to stay.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Angela? Please.
text: Angela reluctantly moves toward the exit. John holds the
text: cat, stares into its huge, unblinking eyes. There's a
text: moment where animal and man seem to connect.
text: The water around John's feet begins to BOIL.
text: ANGELA pushes the door closed behind her but it slows on
text: its way to latch.
text: Bulbs pulsate as current ramps down. The room flickers,
text: is suddenly caught in a ghostly dim half-light and John
dialog: has now crossed over into --
scene_heading: APARTMENT IN HELL
text: Same layout, different decorator. John takes a deep,
text: raspy breath, slowly stands. He turns to the wall behind
text: him which is torn away, looking like some half-bombed
dialog: structure in Beirut.
text: Beyond the wall is no longer the blackness of a
text: nightscape but a sickly sepia glow. Not quite day, not
dialog: quite night.
text: John steps over the crumbling wall into --
scene_heading: EXT. HELL LOS ANGELES
text: John walks out onto the top overpass of a crumbling maze
text: of intersecting freeways. Burnt-out husks of long-
text: forgotten vehicles sit in rows of gridlock. A low DRONE
text: penetrates the silence.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Is she here?
text: On the horizon is a dying RED SUN. It strains to cut
text: through the putrid brown haze.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Is she here?!
text: His VOICE REVERBERATES to infinity.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: John cautiously steps closer to the railing, looks down
text: to the ribbons of twisting streets below. They're
text: crammed with teeming masses of the damned. All walking
text: down in silence, faces numb with sorrow and grief.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: IS SHE HERE?!
text: That low DRONE RISES IN PITCH and John now spots a huge
text: blanket-like BLACKNESS crawling over the cityscape,
dialog: rapidly closing in on him. You get the feeling this
dialog: isn't a safe place for the living.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It's a simple question! Is she
dialog: here or not?!!
text: John suddenly locks on something far off.
text: On top of a distant skyscraper is a FEMALE FIGURE in a
text: sheer white gown. John can't make out her face but knows
text: she's looking right at him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Isabel?
text: She lifts something and tosses it. John watches as a
text: small object tumbles toward him just ahead of closing
dialog: darkness.
scene_heading: INT. ANGELA'S APARTMENT - HALLWAY
text: In that same motion we left her in -- Angela finishes
text: pushing the door closed. As it LATCHES --
speaker_heading: JOHN (O.S.)
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: Angela... come back in...
text: Confused, Angela pushes the door back open. Cat BOLTS
text: out. Angela catches her breath, moves inside.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM
text: John sits slumped in the chair, drained. Steam rises off
text: his skin. Angela sees the water in the bucket has almost
text: all boiled out. She walks in, kneels down to him.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: John? What happened?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 57.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Sweat drips off as he looks up. He opens his palm --
text: reveals to Angela a simple HOSPITAL BAND. The name
text: "ISABEL DODSON" is typed on it.
dialog: Even as a semi-convert, this news completely floors
text: Angela. She takes the plastic band -- grips it tight --
text: tries to hold herself together. The adrenaline and pain
text: overwhelm. Her knee buckle and she drops to the floor.
text: John watches, isn't sure how to help. He finally reaches
text: out a single hand -- slowly rests it on her shoulder.
text: The contact seems to open a floodgate of emotion and
text: Angela falls right into his arms. John hasn't been this
text: close to anyone in a long time. Angela finally composes
dialog: herself.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: How? How did you do this...?
text: John tries not to stare into those eyes too long. Fails.
scene_heading: INT. L.A. COUNTY MORGUE - NIGHT
text: Body drawer slides open -- reveals Isabel. Lying in a
text: cold, sterile room of death. A Hell of a different type.
text: Hennessey stares down at her, looks around the room
text: again, makes sure he's still alone.
text: He reaches in, rips open the protective plastic and
text: lowers his hand inside. Places it first on her forehead.
text: Nothing. Then on her chest. Nothing. Wrist is last.
text: Hennessey shudders. This is it.
text: He closes his eyes and opens himself to the void --
speaker_heading: JOHN (V.O.)
dialog: When I was a kid, I saw things...
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - EXT. STREET - DAY
text: A TEN-YEAR-OLD John comes out of a corner store with milk
text: in a bag. He slows, eyes a MAN at a mailbox.
speaker_heading: JOHN (V.O.)
dialog: Things I wasn't supposed to.
text: The man looks right at young John as he passes. His face
text: is distorted and his feet have sprouted roots which are
text: dug into the ground.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: WAITRESS (O.S.)
dialog: Coffee?
text: Young John looks up toward the voice --
scene_heading: INT. DINER - NIGHT (PRESENT)
text: John looks up at the Waitress.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Tea.
text: She leaves. Angela sits across from him. They're at the
text: table by the window.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: My parents sent me to a doctor, a
dialog: shrink, a priest. I was in four
dialog: different institutions by the time
dialog: I was eighteen.
text: Angela notes him rubbing his wrist.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: The last place they put me was run
dialog: by a church...
text: A DOCTOR rushes past their table. PAN WITH him INTO...
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - INT. MENTAL INSTITUTION - HALLWAY
text: The Doctor rushes toward distant SCREAMING.
speaker_heading: JOHN (V.O.)
dialog: The revered Father made the
dialog: brilliant deduction that I was
dialog: possessed, said I needed to be
dialog: exorcised...
scene_heading: INT. ROOM - HIGH ANGLE
text: The Doctor runs in. Sees the revered Father below,
text: leaning over a bed where an 18-year-old John is held down
text: by three interns and that Doctor. John angrily screams
text: at them all.
speaker_heading: JOHN (V.O.)
text: It was like someone trying to pull
dialog: teeth that weren't there.
text: Young John clamps his eyes shut tight.
dialog: 59.
scene_heading: INT. DINER - JOHN (PRESENT)
text: Present-day John does the same, remembering the pain.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So I took things into my own hands
dialog: and I found a way out.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: You attempted suicide.
text: John sees she's looking at his wrist. The hint of a
text: jagged scar can now be seen under the sleeve.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I never attempt anything.
text: John's reflection in the window becomes --
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - TEENAGE JOHN
text: kneeling with a pair off scissors. He's inside a...
scene_heading: INT. CLASSROOM
text: Teenage John looks up at a room filled with people from
dialog: all walks of life. Teachers, doctors, lawyers, garbage
text: men. All somewhat different than normal. They sit in
text: school chairs and wait for John to do the deed.
text: He puts the blade to his wrist -- one swipe and the world
text: around him accelerates away in a STREAKED BLUR --
scene_heading: INT. DINER (PRESENT)
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: But you're still here. Alive.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Not my doing.
text: His chest suddenly HEAVES forward -- and we're on...
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - TEENAGE JOHN
text: as he's jolted by DEFIB PADS. He's in the back of a...
scene_heading: INT. AMBULANCE - MOVING
text: Paramedics are soaked in sweat. One looks a bit like a
text: young Dr. Archer. Heart monitor is FLAT LINE. There's
dialog: little hope.
dialog: 60.
scene_heading: EXT. LOS ANGELES
text: The ambulance moves through a city that is transforming.
text: From this world's Los Angeles to a barren Hell version.
speaker_heading: JOHN (V.O.)
dialog: Officially I was dead for seven
dialog: minutes. But believe me, seven
dialog: minutes in Hell is a lifetime.
text: Ambulance heads toward that dying RED SUN.
scene_heading: INT. AMBULANCE
text: FLAT LINE on the monitor suddenly SPIKES with a pulse --
scene_heading: INT. MORGUE (PRESENT)
text: Hennessey's hand jerks back from the plastic. His eyes
text: fix on Isabel's wrist. That odd circular SYMBOL is back.
text: Hennessey's unsettled, quickly shoves the drawer closed.
text: He rushes out, slams right into a SECURITY GUARD coming
dialog: in.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: Hey, what're you doing in here?
text: Guard looks back into the body room, sees a drawer
text: partially open. He walks over, pulls it out further --
text: sees the plastic cut away. Jesus.
text: The symbol has already faded from Isabel's wrist.
speaker_heading: JOHN (V.O.)
dialog: When I returned I didn't just see
dialog: demons anymore, I could do the one
dialog: thing they couldn't -- come and go
dialog: as I please.
scene_heading: EXT. MORGUE - HENNESSEY
text: runs as fast as a very obese man can -- aiming for that
text: PHONE BOOTH on the corner. He grabs the receiver,
text: punches numbers as fast as he can. RING -- RING --
speaker_heading: RING --
speaker_heading: HENNESSEY
dialog: Be there, John... please...
text: Something shivers up Hennessey's leg and into his body.
text: Eyes glaze over and Hennessey settles on a RESTAURANT.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHN (V.O.)
dialog: Heaven and Hell are right here,
text: behind every wall, every face --
dialog: the world behind the world. It's
dialog: crossing over that's the real
dialog: trick. That's why most demons can
dialog: only whisper in our ears. But
dialog: even a whisper can turn your
dialog: favorite pleasure into your worst
dialog: nightmare.
scene_heading: INT. LATE NIGHT RESTAURANT
text: HENNESSEY barges in, squeezes past the MAITRE D'.
speaker_heading: MAITRE D'
dialog: Sir, you need a reservation!
dialog: But Hennessey is on a quest. For food. And it's
dialog: everywhere.
text: He starts grabbing meals right off of plates. Fish,
text: pasta, prime rib. Shovels it all in. Patrons are
text: yelling -- screaming. He's eating as if his life
text: depended on it. And even though he's devouring anything
text: in sight, this huge man is wasting away before our eyes.
text: In the middle of all this chaos is one customer calmly
text: eating his meal. Balthazar.
text: Hennessey hijacks a food cart -- consumes everything on
text: it yet his skin is getting looser and the body inside
dialog: gets thinner.
text: He grabs a steak from a woman's plate but she jerks it
text: back so he bites into his arm. She screams as her
text: husband pulls her away.
text: Hennessey's strength is withering away. Desperate, he
text: grabs a FORK, digs it into his own hand.
text: A Hispanic BUSBOY rushes into the room, grabs onto
dialog: Hennessey.
speaker_heading: JOHN (V.O.)
dialog: But the worst demons are the ones
dialog: that are allowed to be here -- the
dialog: ones that are half-human so they
dialog: blend in...
text: Balthazar stands, throws a few bills on the table and
text: starts toward the back EXIT.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHN (V.O.)
dialog: ... just like those with the
text: angel's touch living alongside of
dialog: us. The half-breeds.
text: That Busboy lowers Hennessey to the floor. For a moment
text: we see him framed against the front doorway. And in that
dialog: instant we get a brief glimpse of --
scene_heading: ALTERNATE LOS ANGELES
text: An incredible pristine lake reflecting a city of light.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: BUSBOY looks up, meets Balthazar's eyes. Bitter enemies.
text: Balthazar grins, flips that coin between his fingers. He
text: leaves out the back exit.
speaker_heading: JOHN (V.O.)
dialog: They call it 'the Balance.' I
dialog: call it hypocritical bullshit.
scene_heading: INT. DINER
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So when one of them gets a little
text: cocky, peddles their influence or
dialog: hijacks a soul -- I deport their
text: scaly ass right back to Hell.
dialog: (takes a sip of tea)
dialog: I don't get them all but maybe
dialog: enough to insure my retirement.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Sounds like you're trying to buy
dialog: your way into Heaven.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well, what would you do if you
dialog: were sentenced to a prison where
dialog: half the inmates were put there by
dialog: you?
text: Not a serene image at all. Angela studies him.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Why you? I mean many go to Hell,
dialog: why were you able to escape?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (sips tea)
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: God has a plan for all of us.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Not for me.
text: John's bitterness is obvious. Angela just stares at
dialog: him -- finally --
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Isabel saw things too.
text: John looks up. Moment is lost when her CELLULAR RINGS.
text: The cop in her reacts, flips it open.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Detective Dodson here.
scene_heading: EXT. RESTAURANT - LATER
text: The morgue is seen across the street. The Guard that
text: chased Hennessey is just outside.
speaker_heading: WEISS (O.S.)
text: Security Guard spotted him near
text: the body, chased him out.
text: We MOVE PAST Angela standing with Weiss. Around them is
text: a complete shambles of fine dining --
speaker_heading: WEISS
text: He comes over here, makes a run at
dialog: the entire menu and pow --
text: deflates like a fricken Macy's day
dialog: balloon.
text: -- COME TO REST ON John's shattered face. He stares down
text: at Hennessey. Now yards of loose flesh sunken over an
text: assemblage of bones. Only that ragged black tie he wore
text: is familiar now.
text: John leans down to the remains of his friend. A cop
text: starts to intervene but Angela blocks him. Let him be.
text: John has trouble taking this in, reluctantly reaches into
text: Hennessey's coat pocket -- finds the protective amulet he
text: himself removed from his friend. That's even more
dialog: crushing.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Shit...
dialog: (sympathetic)
dialog: Why didn't you call me, you fat
dialog: sonna bitch...
text: John lowers his head, then spots blood stains on one of
text: Hennessey's hands. He opens the fingers, studies the
text: fork wound. The blood is already drying over it.
text: John reaches over to the mess of dishes on the floor and
text: grabs a melting ice cube.
text: He pushes it into Hennessey's hand, wiping away the dried
text: blood. It quickly becomes apparent -- this isn't random
text: stabbings. This is a shape.
text: John takes a napkin, lays it on the palm and presses.
text: Residual blood creates a symbol onto the napkin.
text: It's the same circular symbol we saw on Isabel's wrist.
text: John doesn't know what it is, but he knows it's important.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (to Hennessey)
dialog: Rest in peace, Father.
scene_heading: INT. 20 LANES - BEHIND THE LANES
text: With a loud crowd and 20 huge PIN MACHINES GRINDING AWAY
text: the noise back here is DEAFENING. But this is Beeman's
text: home. See the desk, the TV. The fold-away bed.
text: Beeman is on the phone. There's a conversation but it's
text: way too noisy to hear. All we see are the emotions on
text: Beeman's face. No doubt news of Hennessey's death is one
dialog: of the biggies.
text: Beeman quickly reaches for a marker, puts it to paper and
text: starts drawing -- listening and drawing --
text: He's finished, hangs up. Stares at the Symbol. That
text: cabinet with the ancient books now gets his attention.
speaker_heading: JOHN (V.O.)
dialog: I need to see where Isabel died.
scene_heading: EXT. EAST LA - NIGHT
text: Graffiti-adorned walls give way to a tall iron fence,
text: heavily-shadowed grounds and finally the six-story
text: hospital complex of RAVENSCAR.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: A rim-lit figure stands on the roof. But this one isn't
text: wearing a hospital gown, he's wearing a trench coat.
speaker_heading: ANGELA (V.O.)
dialog: Seances, crystals -- channeling...
dialog: Our father thought she was just
text: trying to get attention. She
dialog: certainly did that.
scene_heading: EXT. ROOFTOP
text: Angela stands behind John. A large water tank is
text: anchored to the roof next to her. Note the FLAME logo.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: She'd tell everyone about things
dialog: she said she saw. Crazy things.
dialog: Things that hadn't happened yet.
dialog: She'd scare my mother to death,
dialog: talking on and on about
dialog: Revelations and the end of the
dialog: world. Then one day she just
dialog: stopped... never said another
dialog: word.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So you put her in here.
text: Angela doesn't need to be reminded. It hurts even more now.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Show me her room.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR
text: John and Angela head toward Isabel's room. A NURSE
text: appears from around the corner walking with a boy. It's
text: Barry, the boy in the courtyard.
text: He locks on Angela and when she makes eye contact he
text: breaks away from the Nurse, runs toward her with arms
text: outstretched.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Barry!
text: He runs right into Angela's arms, hugs her tight. Angela
text: is totally baffled. John is thoroughly intrigued.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Oh God...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 66.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: She rushes in, gently tugs the boy away.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: No, Barry, that's not Isabel.
text: Barry stares at Angela. He reaches out, touches her
text: face, confused. Nurse pulls him back even further.
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: I'm sorry. They were friends. He
dialog: kind of had a crush on your sister.
text: Angela nods, understanding. The Nurse leads Barry away.
text: He doesn't take his eyes off Angela the entire time.
dialog: Neither does John.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You were twins.
text: Angela nods, steps inside. John pauses, thinking.
scene_heading: INT. ISABEL'S ROOM
text: John steps inside, gives the sterile room a thorough
dialog: scan.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So how long?
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Two months.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: This time.
text: He pulls out a drawer, looks at the bottom.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: I already did all that.
text: John runs his hands under the steel bed frame.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Now you're insulting me.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You don't walk off a building
text: without leaving something behind.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: You saw everything she left
text: behind. In that box.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Maybe she left something else.
dialog: Something more personal. Just for
dialog: you.
text: Angela doesn't like that look he's giving her.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You were her twin, Angela. Twins
dialog: tend to think alike.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: I'm not like my sister.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: But you were at once time. When
dialog: you were kids. When you'd spend
text: every waking hour with each other.
dialog: You'd start a sentence, she'd
dialog: finish it. You'd get hurt, she'd
dialog: cry.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: That was a long time ago...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That kind of bond doesn't just
dialog: disappear.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: There's nothing here.
text: Angela seems unbalanced. John gets more aggressive.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: She planned her death in this
dialog: room, she thought it up right
dialog: where you're standing --
text: Angela backs away. John advances.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: She knew you'd come -- She counted
dialog: on you to see what she saw, to
dialog: feel what she felt -- to do what
dialog: she did. What did she do, Angela?
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: How should I know?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What did she do, Angela?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 68.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: I don't know!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What would you do?
text: Angela backs into a wall. Nowhere else to go now.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What would you leave her? What
dialog: would it be? Where would it be?!
dialog: Where would it be?
text: Angela lashes out, shoves John hard, pushing him out of
text: her way. She turns to the window, almost hyperventilating.
text: John stays back, watches. Angela opens her eyes. The
text: tension seems to flow right out of her when she sees --
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: The tree.
scene_heading: EXT. COURTYARD - NIGHT
text: A lone tree stands in the center of the lit courtyard.
text: John and Angela approach it. Examine it. Nothing. John
text: drops lower on the tree, to a child's height. Finally
text: sees something near the ground, gestures to Angela.
text: She kneels down next to him, sees what he sees.
text: That same SYMBOL. The one Hennessey carved into his
dialog: hand. But this time there's more.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: (trying to
dialog: rationalize)
dialog: There must have been a tree in our
dialog: backyard... when we were kids...
text: John may not be buying it but he's not saying anything.
text: His fingers trace these words carved below the symbol --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: 'COR 14:01.'
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Cor?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Corinthians.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: (shaking her head)
dialog: There is no 14h act in Corinthians.
text: John's face goes pale --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I need a church.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CHAPEL - MINUTES LATER
text: Several families sit in solemn prayer. The pastor
text: comforts a man and wife. John and Angela slip through,
text: head for the shelves of reference books on the back wall.
text: They whisper.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Corinthians goes to 21 acts in the
dialog: book of Ethenius. It's like a
text: dark mirror of the Bible. It
text: paints a different view of
dialog: Revelations, says that the world
dialog: will not come to an end at the
dialog: hand of God but be reborn in the
dialog: embrace of the damned.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: There's a difference?
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: Depends on which side of the fence
dialog: you're standing.
text: John stops, casually sticks his hand in the pastor's bowl
text: of holy water near the altar.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: So why haven't I seen this book
dialog: before?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Because it doesn't exist here on
dialog: this side.
text: John closes his eyes and the water in the bowl begins to
speaker_heading: BOIL --
speaker_heading: ANGELA (O.S.)
dialog: What do you mean --
text: Flickering candlelight slows to a stop, catching Angela
text: mid-question and the room in that dim half-light.
text: John turns and is inside --
dialog: 70.
scene_heading: SAME CHAPEL - HELL
text: The epitome of blasphemy -- A church in Hell. Only they
dialog: don't worship God in here. And that's not Christ on the
dialog: cross. And those stained glass windows are now slate
dialog: black.
text: John is now facing books with completely different
text: markings. He searches as a DRONE rises in pitch and an
text: INKY BLACKNESS begins to flow down the walls, getting
text: closer to John with each heartbeat.
text: He finds the book, steps back as he closes his eyes --
speaker_heading: REGULAR CHAPEL
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: -- not here on this side?
text: John turns, covered in sweat. He's holding a book she's
text: never seen, is already flipping through it.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Where did that come from?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (stopping to read)
dialog: 13:29. 13:30 -- Here...
dialog: Corinthians 14:01...
dialog: (skimming to this)
dialog: 'The sins of the father would only
dialog: be exceeded by the ego of the
dialog: son.'
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Whose son?
text: John stands, his brain going into overdrive.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Symbol isn't a demon's... that's
dialog: why I couldn't place it... not a
dialog: normal possession...
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: John, what are you talking about?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: But he can't cross over --
dialog: impossible for the son to cross
dialog: over...
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Whose son? God's?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No. The other one.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: Lucifer had a son too.
scene_heading: INT. 20 LANES - BEHIND THE LANES
text: Beeman sits under the glow of a desk lamp. The narrow
text: alley of machines stretches out behind him. He stares
text: into the scrolls -- an ancient book with a single page
text: folded a thousand times. Turns another page.
scene_heading: BOWLING AREA
dialog: Amazing how disturbing a bowling alley is when it's
text: closed. Rows of empty lanes stretching into darkness,
text: the unlit pin areas looking like the jaws of an army of
dialog: beasts.
speaker_heading: BEEMAN (O.S.)
dialog: Oh my...
text: BEHIND THE LANES
text: Beeman has stopped turning pages. That's because he's
text: now staring at an etching of the same symbol. Below are
text: ink drawings of a ghastly beast rising up through a body.
text: But it's what's above the beast that is most troubling.
text: A figure on a cross -- his arms outstretched -- seemingly
dialog: welcoming the beast into this world.
speaker_heading: BEEMAN
dialog: This is not good...
text: BOWLING BALL hits a lane. Beeman spins to the sound.
text: BALL ROLLS round and round, closer and closer until it
text: CLANGS dead against the back wall of one of the lanes.
text: Beeman gets up, starts down the corridor of dormant pin
dialog: machines.
text: He stops at lane 13, leans way way down, past the
text: machinery and peeks out the pin hole.
speaker_heading: BEEMAN
dialog: John?
dialog: 72.
scene_heading: EXT. LA STREETS - NIGHT
text: Angela's SUV races quickly through traffic while John
text: gets her up to speed.
speaker_heading: JOHN (V.O.)
dialog: The myth says Mammon was conceived
dialog: before his father's fall from
dialog: grace but was born after.
dialog: INT. SUV
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: But unlike his old man, he's never
dialog: been in the presence of the Creator
dialog: so he has no fear of him, no respect
dialog: either. That goes double for us --
dialog: God's most prized creations. Mammon
dialog: would be the last demon we'd ever
dialog: want crossing over.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: But demons can't come and go,
dialog: that's what you said.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Unless they found a bridge.
dialog: (off her look)
text: Some psychic with the chops to
dialog: reach all the way to Hell and the
dialog: grit to withstand whatever shit
text: she'd pull out.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Isabel...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: But even a bridge wouldn't help
dialog: Mammon. Because to cross over, the
dialog: myth says he'd still need the one
dialog: thing he could never get. Divine
dialog: assistance. The help of God.
text: Angela sits back, letting that sink in.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: So it's impossible.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Impossible? Sure it's impossible.
dialog: That's what makes it so dangerous.
dialog: These things exist to break the
dialog: rules, to find the loopholes. If
dialog: the past is any indication, then
dialog: the future isn't on our side.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: John sits back, gut churning. Angela's in detective mode.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: She knew. That's why she killed
dialog: herself. But it doesn't make
dialog: sense...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Makes sense to me.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: John, she sacrificed herself to
dialog: beat him.
dialog: John nods. Your point?
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Why is she in Hell?
text: One of those rare moments where John has no answer.
scene_heading: INT. 20 LANES BOWLING ALLEY
text: Something small and SHINY is rolling down the alley. It
text: lands in the trough, spins round and round --
text: Beeman leans out to try and see what it is. The silver
text: object keeps spinning.
text: He waits for it to stop, swats a fly near his face. Then
dialog: another.
text: Book on his desk ignites in flame.
scene_heading: EXT. 20 LANES - NIGHT
text: SUV pulls into the empty parking lot. John is out before
text: Angela gets it in park, unlocks the side door. A few
text: flies escape to freedom as he opens the door. John
dialog: rushes in.
scene_heading: INT. 20 LANES BOWLING ALLEY
text: Only a LOW HUM pervades the dead stillness of the alley.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Beeman?
text: John grabs the door that leads behind the pin area. It's
text: locked from the other side.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (pounds on door)
dialog: Hey, Beeman? Beeman?!
text: The LOW HUM fluctuates -- sounds like a BUZZING.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Maybe he's not here.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: He's always here.
text: Several more flies flit by him. This time John notices,
text: turns and spots the source of the HUM -- a cloud of FLIES
text: near the center aisles. Angela follows his gaze, spots
dialog: them as well.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: What?
text: John heads across the lanes. Swarm gets thicker and
text: thicker. Angela keeps up with him, covers her mouth.
text: They approach the pin area of the center lane. The
text: source of the swarm is slowly revealed. In the catch
text: trough is a solid mound of flies.
text: John leans closer, spots a HAND protruding from the
dialog: mound.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Oh Jesus, no --
text: He rips his coat off, flings it at the mound and million
text: flies scatter -- revealing the body of Beeman. Ravaged.
text: Flies pouring out of his mouth, his ears --
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: (stepping back)
dialog: Oh God --
text: John goes ballistic, screams to the walls --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Who are you?! Answer me!!
dialog: Goddamit -- reveal yourself! I
dialog: summon you!
text: He angrily rips his sleeves up -- revealing two distinct
text: TATTOOS on his forearms. Slams them together with all
text: his might -- clenching his eyes tight -- concentrating --
text: Veins in his arms and neck bulge, look ready to explode --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Angela steps back in awe as the air around his
text: outstretched arms begins to WARP -- to tear a faint hole
text: from the bowling alley right into another world right
dialog: here -- darker -- Hellish --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Into the light I command thee!!
dialog: Into the light I --
text: John is choked by a cough -- can't finish -- arms
text: separate and he buckles to his knees, reveals to Angela
dialog: just how ill he really is.
text: She leans down to him, sees hints of blood on the floor.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: ... this is my fault... I sent
dialog: them in... I sent them right to
dialog: their deaths... a damn one-man
dialog: plague.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: John, you need a doctor.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I've seen a goddamn doctor!!
text: Angela glares at him -- understands now. He's dying.
text: John stands, almost stumbles. Angela tries to help.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Get away from me!!
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: John?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Stay the hell away --
dialog: (tortured look to her)
dialog: Please --
text: He uses the handrail to walk away. Angela stands there,
text: confused by her own emotions. She turns back to the
text: carnage, hears the distant SIRENS.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. JOHN'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: John sits in his opened window, simmering. He holds a
text: lit cigarette but doesn't dare put it to his lips.
text: Outside the city goes about its unending churn.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 76.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Down on the street are several police vehicles. ENGINES
text: START and they drive away. Swirl of blue and red lights
text: flash across John's moist eyes.
speaker_heading: ANGELA (O.S.)
dialog: There were no trees in our back
dialog: yard.
text: John finds Angela across the room in his doorway.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: But you knew that already, didn't
dialog: you?
text: John meets her eyes. Sees the questions piling up.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: (walking towards him)
dialog: You see something in me...
dialog: Something Isabel had.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Go home, Angela.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: I need to understand --
text: John just shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Because you open up to that world,
dialog: you're inviting whatever's out
dialog: there back in. That's what
dialog: happened to Isabel.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: I'm not Isabel.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No, she embraced her gift while
dialog: you denied yours and that denial
dialog: is exactly why you're still alive.
dialog: Stick with me, that'll change.
text: John gets off the window, starts walking away.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: And I don't need another ghost
dialog: following me around.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Dammit, John -- they killed my
dialog: sister!
text: That stops him cold.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: I can't let them get away with
dialog: that. Even if it means going down
dialog: the same path she did. Now if you
dialog: won't help me get there, I'll find
dialog: my own way. But I won't run.
dialog: Never.
text: The two stand there -- locked in this moment.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Please...
text: John can't believe this day -- looks her dead in the eye.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You do this, there's no turning
dialog: back. You see them -- they see
dialog: you. Understand?
text: Angela never blinks as she nods in agreement.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S APARTMENT - LATER
text: Pushing slowly through a lifeless apartment -- drawing
text: closer to the opened bathroom door. WATER is pouring.
speaker_heading: ANGELA (O.S.)
dialog: Do I take off my clothes or leave
dialog: them on?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: John?
speaker_heading: JOHN (O.S.)
dialog: I'm thinking.
speaker_heading: ANGELA (O.S.)
dialog: John.
speaker_heading: JOHN (O.S.)
dialog: On is fine.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM
text: John fills a 70-year-old porcelain BATHTUB. Angela
text: stands in the center.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Why water?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: It's the universal conduit.
dialog: Lubricates the transition from one
dialog: plane to another. Now ask me if
dialog: there's water in Hell.
text: John turns off the faucet.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Sit.
text: Angela grabs his shoulder for balance, lowers herself.
text: When she's sitting, the water is all the way to her neck.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Normally only a portion of the
dialog: body has to be suspended but you
dialog: wanted the crash course...
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: (teeth chattering)
dialog: What will I see?
text: His eyes say it all. Enough.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Lie down.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: (gesturing the depth)
dialog: Lie down?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You have to be fully submerged.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: For how long?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: As long as it takes. Here --
text: John cups the back of her neck, holds her face just above
text: the water as she lowers down. Her breathing is picking
text: up. John leans over the tub, looks straight down at her.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Last chance...
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: Take a deep one.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Angela takes a deep breath, holds it. John pulls his
text: hand away and she settles to the bottom, her eyes riveted
dialog: on his the entire time.
speaker_heading: ANGELA'S POV
text: A silent John ripples above. His hand grips her arm,
dialog: skin to skin.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Angela lies there and panic sets in. She starts to
text: surface but John pushes her head back to the bottom,
text: holds it firm. Her eyes dart about. Air is running out.
text: She can't hold her breath much longer. It's not
dialog: working --
text: But the room's lighting begins to pulsate -- as if the
text: current were ramping down. It slows to that dim half-
dialog: light as --
text: JOHN'S EYES -- CLOSE. A single blink.
text: ANGELA is lying in now BOILING WATER, screaming for all
text: of her life. Water muffles the sound but not the fury.
text: Huge TUB SHUDDERS hard -- snapping out of the hold down
text: bolts. John is stunned -- how powerful is this woman?
text: Another SCREAM and the inch-thick TUB CRACKS. Water
text: starts streaming onto the tile.
text: John lunges, grabs Angela and PULLS her up from the
text: water -- her muffled SCREAMS SHATTERING the air as her
text: mouth breaks the surface. She SLAMS hard against his
text: chest -- arms wrapping tight -- fingers digging into his
text: back -- leaving marks that might just scar.
text: TUB GIVES WAY and the damn breaks. John and Angela go
text: down -- hit the tile as one -- water washing over them
dialog: both.
text: ANGELA lies there on top of John. Trembling. She looks
text: up him, eyes filled with revelation.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: All those people... so sad...
text: John nods, helping her understand.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: ... I've always known... where the
dialog: bad guys are... where to aim, when
dialog: to duck... it's not luck... I've
dialog: always known...
text: Tears stream down her cheeks. John reaches out to touch
text: her when her eyes CLAMP TIGHT in pain --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Angela?
text: Eyes snap open and she's off him in a second, runs out.
text: John pries himself from the tile, goes after her.
scene_heading: INT. BEHIND THE ALLEY
text: Angela runs behind the vertebrae of machines, dripping
text: water the entire way. John tries to keep up.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
text: It was rolling toward him -- not a
text: ball -- something smaller. Shiny.
text: She stops, kneels to the floor. John walks up to join her.
text: Something glints in the catch trough. She reaches down,
text: plucks it up and brings an odd COIN INTO VIEW --
text: John's face contorts with rage as he takes the familiar
dialog: coin.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Balthazar.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S APARTMENT - LATER
text: Beeman's bowling bag is flipped and the contents are
text: dumped onto a table. Powder, bugs and bullets go
text: everywhere. John retrieves the odd-tipped bullets.
text: Those brass knuckles and that copper pipe are taken also.
speaker_heading: CHRISTIAN RELICS
text: are removed from a display cabinet.
dialog: There's the pure platinum Flask of Divinity, the
text: petrified husk from the River of Life -- the hollow shaft
text: of an iron cross -- all striking pieces individually but
text: when twisted and locked together form a very imposing --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
scene_heading: -- HOLY SHOTGUN.
text: He swings the cross down, pours a pound of blasting
text: powder into the husk -- chambers a special bullet into
text: one of the ten barrels, snaps it shut -- turns and FIRES.
text: BULLET leaves a trail of flame as it streaks across his
text: endless apartment, blasts the center out of --
text: A carton of Lucky Strikes.
text: SETTLE ON the Surgeon General's warning -- burning away.
speaker_heading: ANGELA (V.O.)
dialog: Can you kill him? What about the
dialog: Balance?
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S APARTMENT - LATER
text: John is stuffing the bowling bag while Angela watches,
text: now dressed in dry clothes. That shirt is John's.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That half-breed tipped my scales
dialog: when he started killing my
dialog: friends. I'm just adding a little
dialog: counterweight.
text: John lifts that holy shotgun -- KA CHICK --
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: What about me? I can't stay here
dialog: forever.
text: John turns to her -- locks on those eyes. He reaches
text: into his coat pocket as he walks up to her. She shudders
text: as his arms wrap around her face and for a beat they're
text: cheek to cheek. When he pulls back she sees he has
text: clipped Hennessey's AMULET around her neck.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Think of it as a bulletproof vest.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: So I'm going.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (knows he can't win)
dialog: You're staying in the car.
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. 20 LANES - DAWN
text: FAT-ASS TIRES BURN under the full torque of a 426 HEMI.
text: A jet-black '70s BARRACUDA BLASTS from the basement
text: garage of 20 Lanes -- slides onto the streets of L.A.
text: Angela hangs on as John grabs the SKULL shifter knob --
text: slams into 2nd -- leaves another layer of tread behind.
scene_heading: EXT. OCEAN
text: FLYING OVER the ocean, a 747 ROARS RIGHT OVER US.
text: Dipping out of cloud cover, it reveals the coast of a
text: sprawling metropolis stretched out miles below.
scene_heading: L.A. LANDMARKS - DAWN
dialog: streak PAST. The Big Donut, the occult bookstores, the
text: '57 Chevy sign, that Mission in the park.
text: This is actually the POV FROM John's Barracuda.
text: He downshifts -- DRIFTS PAST a building with a facade of
text: pre-stressed concrete and huge gold letters -- "BZR
scene_heading: FINANCE AND BROKERAGE."
speaker_heading: JOHN (O.S.)
dialog: This shouldn't take long.
scene_heading: INT. BZR BROKERAGE
text: Elevator opens and John steps out into a lobby of
text: concrete and glass. Pretentious design screams money.
dialog: Lots of it.
text: Since trading is still a half hour away, the place is
text: practically empty.
text: Across the room a stainless steal DOOR HISSES open. John
text: looks the other way as a Security Guard exits. Thick
text: DOOR glides closed, seals with another HISS. No way in.
text: John notices the janitor down one hallway. It's Nico
text: from Midnite's. He and John lock stares. Nico opens a
text: "Security Only" door, steps inside -- leaves the door
dialog: open.
scene_heading: INT. TRADING ROOM
text: Monitors are powering up around the room. A few of those
dialog: Young Businessmen we last saw at Midnite's are here.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 83.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: YOUNG TURK
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hey, early bird is a fat bird,
dialog: know what I'm sayin'?
text: Balthazar walks through, looking every bit like the smug
text: and successful businessman he is. He stops at a LONG
text: MIRROR on one wall. Adjusts his collar, his hair. His
dialog: "look."
speaker_heading: PRETTY BOY
dialog: What are we pushing today, sir?
speaker_heading: BALTHAZAR
dialog: Phillip Morris.
text: As Balthazar admires himself, his reflection distorts
text: slightly. The demon in him? He touches his face, does a
text: vowel stretch. His face distorts even further.
text: That's got him moving closer to the mirror.
text: Balthazar's concerned because now his skin appears
text: in motion, rippling as if liquefied. And just when he
text: sees the surface of the mirror BLISTERING and starts to
dialog: move --
speaker_heading: BOOOM --
text: One way GLASS EXPLODES outward on the front edge of a
text: FIREBALL -- sending Balthazar flying with glass and
dialog: flame.
text: John stands on the other side in an ACCESS CHANNEL --
text: that Dragon's breath flamethrower now duct-taped to his
dialog: holy shotgun.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: How's he doing it?
text: John steps into the trading room, eyes Balthazar rising
text: from the floor. Suit's in shreds, half his face is
text: burned off, but now he's pissed.
speaker_heading: BALTHAZAR
dialog: This is in direct violation of the
dialog: Balance!
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Screw the Balance.
text: John hits him with another BLAST of FLAME -- pins him
text: hard against the wall.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Balthazar's young turks attack. One leaps over the
text: trading station. John swings around -- aims the SHOTGUN
text: -- BOOM -- half-breed is blasted midair.
text: The other turk seems to defy gravity as he scampers
text: across the ceiling. John aims up -- PUMPS SEVERAL ROUNDS
text: -- steps out of the way as a body falls, smashes into a
text: desk. BOOM -- BOOM -- that'll keep it down.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACUDA
text: Angela hears the GUNSHOTS. Cop instinct takes over and
text: she gets out of the car. Checks the amulet. Intact.
scene_heading: INT. BZR TRADING ROOM
text: John turns his attention back to Balthazar, doesn't
text: hesitate and hits him with a continuous tide of flame.
text: Suit and skin is peeling off, revealing something else
text: underneath. The true form.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: How's he doing it, you half-breed
dialog: shit?!
text: John swings the flame aside so he can KICK Balthazar
text: against the wall. But now his WEAPON SPUTTERS. Shit.
text: Charcoal hand thrusts out, bats away the shotgun and
text: grabs John by the throat.
text: Balthazar rises from the ashes. He may be burned, but
dialog: he's one tough son of a bitch.
text: Balthazar slides John up a wall by his neck. John can't
text: break his hold. He's choking, frantically rummages
dialog: through his coat pockets. Comes out with those sacred
text: GOLD KNUCKLES on his right hand.
text: Balthazar tightens his grip and John swings, clocks him
text: across the face. The enhanced punch sends a dizzying
text: ripple throughout Balthazar's body.
text: But he doesn't let go. John is choking, starts whaling
text: on him. Again and again -- each punch weakening this
dialog: demon more.
text: John finally gets him against the wall. Right arm's
text: tired so he slips the gold knuckles onto his left hand,
text: and with extreme pleasure -- continues punching away.
text: Drives Balthazar to the floor, right to the brink of
dialog: death.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: He leans up, winded. Watches in delight as Balthazar
text: strains to take his final breaths.
speaker_heading: BALTHAZAR
dialog: I will see you very soon...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Not really, no.
speaker_heading: BALTHAZAR
dialog: You can't cheat it this time...
dialog: you're going back to Hell.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: True. But you're not.
text: John removes that small BLACK BOX from his coat.
text: Balthazar tries not to be concerned until John unlatches
text: it and removes the one weapon he hardly ever uses --
dialog: A Bible.
speaker_heading: BALTHAZAR
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'm reading you your last rites.
text: Balthazar reacts. This isn't good.
speaker_heading: BALTHAZAR
dialog: Your remedial incantations have no
dialog: relevance to my kind.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Aren't you half human?
text: Balthazar doesn't have to answer.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You see, that makes you eligible
dialog: to be forgiven. You do know what
dialog: it is to truly be forgiven? To be
dialog: welcomed into the kingdom of God?
text: Balthazar's worst nightmare.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: A demon in heaven -- love to be a
dialog: fly on that wall...
speaker_heading: BALTHAZAR
dialog: You're not a priest, you have no
dialog: power...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: -- I escaped hell, who else do you
dialog: know that has the power to do
dialog: that?!
text: Balthazar is now doubting his own beliefs.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Just tell me how Mammon is
dialog: crossing over and you can go back
dialog: to your shithole.
text: Balthazar isn't convinced.
text: John stands -- raises the Bible and starts to read --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: 'May the merciful God have mercy
dialog: on you and grant you the pardon of
dialog: all your sins...'
text: He places a hand on Balthazar's forehead. Balthazar
text: glares at it as John's voice rises with commanding
dialog: authority.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: 'Whosoever sins you remit on earth
dialog: they are remitted unto them in
dialog: heaven. I absolve you from -- '
speaker_heading: BALTHAZAR
dialog: -- It may not even work...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: How? How's he doing it?!
text: Balthazar looks scared as shit to tell him.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (bellowing out)
dialog: 'Grant your child entry into thy
dialog: kingdom in the name of the Father,
dialog: and the Son and the Holy Gh -- '
speaker_heading: BALTHAZAR
dialog: ... Sangre de dio.
text: John is stunned -- did he hear right? Balthazar nods.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BALTHAZAR
dialog: What killed the Son of God will
dialog: give birth to the son of the
dialog: devil.
text: John's mind races and he finally puts it together.
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: He's found the Spear.
text: Balthazar's expression confirms it.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE PRISONER'S RELIC
text: It's tucked between the folds of an AIRLINES blanket.
speaker_heading: FLIGHT ATTENDANT (V.O.)
dialog: (over com)
dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, we've been
dialog: cleared for landing. Please make
dialog: sure your seats are in their
text: upright and locked position.
text: Hand COMES IN, grips the relic. WIDEN to see...
scene_heading: INT. 747 - MID-FLIGHT
text: Prisoner in an aisle seat, trying to keep calm. He looks
text: behind him as if being watched. Just nerves again.
speaker_heading: FLIGHT ATTENDANT (V.O.)
dialog: (over com)
dialog: We should be on the ground in Los
text: Angeles within ten minutes.
scene_heading: EXT. BZR BROKERAGE - FRONT AREA
text: ANGELA moves through the gathered crowd looking up at the
text: building. As she makes her way through, the amulet
text: brushes against bodies -- swinging from side to side.
text: Angela suddenly stops in the center of the street,
dialog: turns...
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Something's coming...
text: She stares at her surroundings with an increasing sense
text: of dread. Then hears the RUMBLE and TIRES SCREECHING.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Angela spins, spots John's BARRACUDA exploding around the
text: corner. It barrels up the street and slides to a
text: SQUEALING stop in front of her. Passenger door swings
dialog: open.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What happened to staying in the
dialog: car?
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: You were in danger.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Well now there's a premonition.
text: SIRENS crack the air. Angela jumps in and John PEELS
speaker_heading: OUT.
scene_heading: INT. BZR
text: Balthazar is taking his last breaths when the sound of
text: WIND filters through the room. He looks up as a shadow
text: drapes across him. Eyes widen.
speaker_heading: BALTHAZAR
dialog: One more chance...
text: Shadow darkens and his decimated form shudders.
speaker_heading: JOHN (V.O.)
dialog: Jesus didn't die from being nailed
text: to a cross.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. BARRACUDA - MOVING
text: John takes a turn at 70 as Angela stares into John's
dialog: Bible.
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: He was finished off by a soldier's
dialog: spear.
text: He points in the Bible at a detailed painting of the
text: event -- Jesus hanging on the cross -- being pierced by a
text: soldier's spear. It matches that child's drawing John
text: removed from the fridge -- now lying on his seat.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: I'm Catholic, John -- I know the
text: crucifixion story.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Then you know what this spear
dialog: would mean to a demon trying to
dialog: cross over.
text: She doesn't.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: The stains on its edges?
text: Angela looks back at the painting, notes the liquid
text: flowing from Jesus' wound. Angela can't believe it --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Mammon needed divine assistance --
dialog: how's the blood of God's only son?
text: Angela sits stunned for a moment.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: So that's it -- he's got
dialog: everything he needs to escape...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Not quite.
dialog: (glances at her)
dialog: Twins.
text: Angela gives him a look. Something in the rearview
text: mirror catches his gaze.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Here we go --
text: John floors it and Angela glances out the back window,
text: spots something in the traffic -- bounding over vehicles,
text: hitting the pavement on all fours --
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: What is that?
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: A hound on the hunt.
text: A blur of muscle and bone leaps over cars at incredible
text: speed -- denting in roofs, CRACKING a WINDSHIELD --
text: causing general chaos. Cars brake -- SLIDE into each
dialog: other. And still this thing keeps coming.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hang on --
text: BARRACUDA slides into an alley, races toward the other
dialog: end.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Angela looks back, sees their pursuer enter the alley.
text: It makes huge strides along the walls, defying all manner
dialog: of physics.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Impossible.
text: The beast goes right up the wall and disappears above the
dialog: building.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: I lost it.
text: BAM, something lands hard on the roof, denting it a good
dialog: foot.
text: A huge clawed TALON punches into the sheet metal, starts
text: shredding it right over Angela. Talon thrusts in.
text: Angela dodges it -- her amulet swinging wildly.
text: John HITS the BRAKES and the beast flips off the roof and
text: onto the hood -- right INTO VIEW.
text: A muscular anomaly with eyes that are unmistakably
text: Balthazar's. He lashes against the windshield with an
dialog: extra appendage. Thank God for safety glass.
text: He jerks back his embedded talon, pulls the entire
text: windshield out with it, smashing it on the hood. GLASS
text: PARTICLES EXPLODE into the car.
text: John throws the car into a spin, slamming the Barracuda
text: into several parked cars. Balthazar is uprooted, is
text: thrown from the car.
text: Angela looks back, sees Balthazar rolling into traffic.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: He's down --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: He's not down. Gimme your phone.
text: Angela pulls out her cellular.
scene_heading: EXT. DOWNTOWN
text: A BRITISH COUPLE sit in the back of Chaz's taxi, staring
text: out at the seedy side of town as if it were "Wild
dialog: Kingdom."
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: BRITISH MAN
text: They mark their territory with
dialog: graffiti instead of urine but
dialog: they're still very much animals.
text: British woman takes documentary photos.
text: Chaz's CELLULAR RINGS over the BUZZ of a dispatch SCANNER.
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: This is a private line -- John?!
scene_heading: INTERCUT JOHN.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Chaz -- where are you?!
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: Ah... 3rd and Figueroa.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You still got that Sedrallus?
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: (glancing to couple)
dialog: Yeah, but I'm kind of busy right
dialog: now, John.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Dammit, Chaz, I'm trying to save
dialog: my ass here!
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: (under his breath)
dialog: What else is new...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Remember the Chalic of Enook
dialog: incident?
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: (remembering)
dialog: Oh no, no, no, not that, I just
dialog: paid off this car!
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: West side of the 3rd Street
dialog: Bridge, say...
text: He checks the speedometer -- 90 mph.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: ... 2 minutes.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: I'm five blocks away!
dialog: (as John CLICKS off)
dialog: John? John?! Ah... shit.
text: Chaz downshifts, stops in cloud of dust --
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: Sorry, tour's over.
text: The British start to argue.
speaker_heading: CHAZ
text: OUT YA WANKERS!!! NOW!!
scene_heading: EXT. LA STREETS - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: John heads toward the skyline now -- at 90 mph -- to the
text: 3rd Street Bridge on the horizon.
text: Angela scans behind them, can't believe her eyes.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
text: He's back.
text: Here comes Balthazar through traffic on all fours --
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: John, he's back and he's gaining!
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: Of course he's gaining.
text: John PUNCHES the GAS to the floor.
scene_heading: EXT. 3RD STREET BRIDGE
text: Chaz swerves onto the other side of the narrow bridge.
text: He SCREECHES TO A STOP across the roadway -- opens the
text: glove box, grabs a velvet-wrapped object and pulls a
text: glass vial out of it.
text: Inside flows a phosphorescent green liquid. Chaz jumps
text: out, runs to the back of the car, pauses when he hears
text: the sound of a STRAINING ENGINE.
text: Here comes the topless Barracuda over the bridge's arched
dialog: roadway. And what the hell is that running behind it?
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: Shit -- shit -- shit --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Chaz twists off the gas cap, drops the vial into the tank.
text: He pulls out his BEEPER, rips the cover off, exposing the
dialog: electronics.
text: He wedges the beeper into the tank inlet, then starts
text: sprinting off the bridge while --
scene_heading: INT. BARRACUDA
text: John gives Angela the number.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: 9... 5... 4...
text: Taxi in view. Angela punches in the number --
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: 9-5-4...
text: They RIP past the taxi --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: 6... 6... 6
text: Here comes Balthazar up the bridge. Like a supercharged
text: cheetah, running full stride. And not even winded.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: 6... 6... 6
text: Balthazar is almost to the taxi -- John waits -- then --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: 6.
text: Angela punches the last digit as --
text: -- Balthazar LEAPS to jump the taxi --
scene_heading: INT. GAS TANK
scene_heading: BEEPER CONTACTS BUZZ -- spark -- GAS IGNITES --
speaker_heading: TAXI
text: EXPLODES right under Balthazar in a tremendous FIREBALL.
text: Initial impact only kicks him higher. It's when the
text: Sedrallus in the tank truly ignites that the real
text: FIREWORKS begin.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Balthazar is caught in a haze of brilliant red particles
text: that tear his body apart in midair. His final SHRIEK is
text: chilling.
scene_heading: EXT./INT. BARRACUDA
text: John smacks the wheel, victoriously -- looks over to
text: Angela who sighs with relief. His expression changes as
text: he centers on the empty necklace dangling around her
dialog: neck.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Where's the amulet?
text: WHAM -- something reaches through the roof hole and JERKS
text: HER right out of the car.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: ANGELA!!
text: John SLAMS the BRAKES home -- car spins and John is
text: already jumping out before it comes to a stop. He runs
text: to the rail.
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: (running up)
dialog: What the hell was that?!
text: Both leap onto the concrete rail, lean over and spot a
text: HUGE WINGED SHADOW just as it disappears below the
dialog: bridge.
text: Chaz is speechless as he turns to John. This is too
text: much. John gives him the out he's been waiting for --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We're even.
text: Chaz nods and John leaves him at the rail. He jumps back
text: in the BARRACUDA and PEELS OUT.
text: Chaz watches him race away, looks back at his burning
dialog: taxi.
speaker_heading: CHAZ
dialog: Even?
scene_heading: EXT. LAX - DAY
text: Prisoner walks out of the terminal, here at last. He
text: stares at all the vehicles at his disposal. A family
text: crowds around the back of a minivan. Wife hugs the dad.
dialog: 95.
speaker_heading: MYSTERIOUS POV
text: Watches him from behind. Prisoner turns, looks back,
text: suspiciously. Nothing.
speaker_heading: PRISONER
text: walks out to the street, slides into the minivan, tears
text: away. Kids' toys tumble across the seats.
scene_heading: INT. CLUB MIDNITE - HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS ACTION
text: John bursts through a door -- Midnite right on his heels.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
text: Mammon has been trying to climb
text: out of his father's shadow for
dialog: eons.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: And this time he might just make
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: (unconvinced)
dialog: Because he's got the Spear?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: And the bridge.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: You're giving this girl way too
dialog: much credit.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You don't know her.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: And you do? That would be a
dialog: first.
text: John swings open a STORAGE ROOM DOOR -- looks in at
text: large-scale relics -- statues, props, etc.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Where's the chair?
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: The chair?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: The delicate little number from
dialog: Sing Sing?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 96.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Midnite just stares at him.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
text: It's a fine line that separates a
dialog: hero from a fool.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'll take my chances.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: And taint my establishment with
dialog: your blood? I don't think so.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Midnite --
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: You know what that device can do
dialog: to the ill-equipped --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Midnite --
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: -- and even in your most glorious
dialog: days your brain was never your
dialog: most powerful attribute --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Where the hell is the chair, you
dialog: dumb shit?!
text: Midnite just stands there -- his body inflating past it's
text: seven feet. John knows he went too far.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That was the cancer talking, you
dialog: know that, right?
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: (holds up his finger)
dialog: Once.
text: John nods.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE AREA
text: Fluorescents flicker, REVEAL boxes of toilet tissue,
text: cooking supplies, etc. And sitting in one corner by the
dialog: huge power transformer is --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 97.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: -- the chair. Heavy wooden monstrosity with straps and
text: cuffs and the wear of many who sat in it for the last
dialog: time. Yeah, it's an electric chair right out of Sing
dialog: Sing.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: What's in your bathroom, a Renoir?
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: I have insurance issues.
text: John clears off the seat, starts to sit. Midnite blocks
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: You haven't surfed in decades.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Like riding a bike...
text: He tries again. Midnite blocks him again.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: You'll be lucky to reach an
dialog: elemental plane.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Then just increase the juice.
text: John tries again. Again Midnite stops him.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: In your condition your body won't
dialog: take much.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I just need enough rope to find
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: And if you do -- what then?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: One goddamn problem at a time --
text: John shoves past him, plops his ass in the huge chair.
text: His feet dangle off the ground. Midnite stands by, won't
text: help. So John starts strapping himself in the chair.
text: His chest, his ankles. One wrist. He obviously can't
text: strap the other. He looks to the big man.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You want me to sign a waiver?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 98.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Midnite sighs -- finally straps the other wrist in --
dialog: pulls it TIGHT. Ouch.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hang on, Angela.
scene_heading: EXT. SKY - CLOSE ON ANGELA
text: moving in a surreal fashion across an evening sky. Below
text: her the City of Angels sweep past. Her eyes drift open
text: and widen in horror as she sees beyond reality --
scene_heading: REFLECTION IN HER EYES
text: The city is ON FIRE. It's a repeat of Isabel's prophetic
text: vision before she jumped.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE (V.O.)
dialog: Listen to my voice inside...
scene_heading: INT. MIDNITE'S - STORAGE ROOM
text: Midnite kneels in front of John who is now handcuffed to
text: the chair, cables draped from every limb.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: I'll try and guide you out.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Try?
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: Mammon was forced out of that girl
dialog: when she jumped so unless he found
text: a holding vessel to wait in, he
dialog: would have fallen back to Hell.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: No, he's still here. I'm sure of it.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: Then watch yourself. He could be
dialog: in anyone out there.
text: John nods. Midnite lifts a palm of INSECT WINGS in front
text: of his face.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Roach wings? What happened to
dialog: using lilac pedals -- ?
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 99.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Midnite cranks the JUICE on the panel as he BLOWS and John
text: reacts as if being hit by a blast of wind. His head slams
text: back against the slats. His skin ripples from the force.
text: STAY ON his face as the sound of POWER courses through John.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: Peter do caelis, Deus, misere
dialog: nobis. Fili Redemptor mundi,
dialog: Deus, Miserere nobis...
text: A FLASH turns into a streak behind John's face --
text: stretching to infinity.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE (V.O.)
dialog: Find the possessor and the Spear
dialog: will be revealed... find them...
dialog: find them and follow...
text: The flash whips back TOWARD us and John is suddenly
text: somewhere else. He looks O.S.
scene_heading: INT. PRISON CHAMBER FROM THE OPEN
text: FROM that MYSTERIOUS POV, we watch the Prisoner hold the
text: Spear for the first time. Like before, he turns and
text: looks behind him where --
text: John now stands. Watching. John centers on the Spear in
text: the Prisoner's hand.
scene_heading: FLASH AHEAD - INT. ISTANBUL AIRPORT
text: That same MYSTERIOUS POV of the Prisoner in line. He
dialog: turns as he did before and it's --
text: -- John behind him. Watching. Prisoner turns away.
scene_heading: FLASH AHEAD - EXT. LAX TERMINAL - EVENING
text: MYSTERIOUS POV is ON the Prisoner at the exit doors. He
text: looks back, suspiciously, and there's -
text: John. Watching. Prisoner turns, heads to the minivan.
scene_heading: FLASH AHEAD - EXT. EAST L.A. - MYSTERIOUS POV - NIGHT
text: of a minivan still smoking from a recent impact against a
text: large iron ENTRANCE GATE. Prisoner is running from it,
dialog: glances back --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 100.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: John is there. Watches as the Prisoner enters the
text: abandoned wing of -- Ravenscar. John reacts. How did he
dialog: miss this?
scene_heading: FLASH AHEAD - INT. SLEEP ROOM
text: Fifty beds with fifty patients. Asleep. The Prisoner
text: kneels next to one of the beds. John walks over, touches
text: him and he rocks to the floor. Dead. Body reveals the
text: Spear on the blanket of the bed.
text: John reaches out to touch it when the boy BARRY suddenly
text: SITS UP from under the blanket and grabs him by the
text: throat. NOTE the boy's BLACKENED FINGERNAILS.
text: John struggles to pull him off but the boy's grip is
text: locked tight. John grabs at his hands -- chokes out the
dialog: name --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: MIDNITE!!
text: John's hands suddenly become MIDNITE'S as his ally pulls
dialog: him back into --
scene_heading: INT. MIDNITE'S - STORAGE ROOM
text: John's face is held tight in the life-saving fingers of
text: Midnite's grip. John gasps as he comes back -- nods to
dialog: Midnite and finally --
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: Ravenscar. The abandoned wing.
text: He's in the boy.
scene_heading: EXT. OVER HILLSIDE - FLYING - EVENING
text: WINGED SHADOW glides across the landscape, sweeps across
text: manicured grounds and rises to reveal Ravenscar Hospital.
scene_heading: INT. MIDNITE'S OFFICE - LATER
text: Midnite piles ASSAULT RIFLES, SHOTGUNS, GLOCKS onto a
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: You know these won't kill them.
text: John adjusts the flames of a butane heater under a pan.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 101.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: You probably won't even get close
dialog: enough to use them.
text: In the pan is that RELIGIOUS RELIC he brought from India.
text: It's now MELTING. Midnite has trouble watching it
dialog: dissolve.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: And it's not just the boy.
text: John coughs, pours the melted gold into several small
dialog: casting blocks.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: You better worry about whoever's
text: helping him.
text: John gives the big guy a glance, dips one of the castings
text: into a pot of water -- HISSSSSS.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: As much as I admire your blind
dialog: faith even in the most dire
dialog: situations -- expecting to just
text: waltz into a facility that is
text: about to become the floodgate of
dialog: Hell is reaching a bit, even for
dialog: you.
text: John stops the work, centers on him and Midnite just
text: knows what he's thinking. Midnite sighs, heavily.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: Well I suppose two fools can die
text: just as easily as one.
text: John almost smiles.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: Hey, you think I'm trusting you to
dialog: save the world?
text: John taps the casting and out falls a GOLD-TIPPED BULLET.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: But we're going to need more than
text: a few magic bullets to get inside.
text: John centers on the Sparkletts bottles positioned around
text: the room. Just like John's. Hmmmm...
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That ritual you do with the water,
dialog: can you do more than one bottle at
dialog: a time?
text: Midnite raises an eyebrow.
scene_heading: EXT. RAVENSCAR - NIGHT
text: The motorized MAIN GATE is jammed -- opening and closing
text: on a crashed VAN. The van the Prisoner carjacked. The
text: abandoned hospital wing stands ominous against a moonlit
text: night. Vague figures move about near the emergency
dialog: entrance.
text: John's BARRACUDA IDLES up with its headlights off. John
text: stares out, points up to the WATER TANK -- on the roof.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: (sighs)
dialog: Figures.
scene_heading: INT. RAVENSCAR - PHYSICAL THERAPY ROOM
text: Therapy machines look like medieval torture devices in
text: the dimly-lit room. BARRY stands waist deep in a large
text: hydrotherapy tank inset into the tile floor. His skin is
text: pale, sickly looking. Obviously containing Mammon takes
dialog: its toll. Especially on a child.
text: His hands are below his waist and now we see they're
text: lowering a still-unconscious Angela into the water. Her
text: face floats just above the surface as he buckles
text: restraining straps around her wrists.
scene_heading: INT. RAVENSCAR - ABANDONED WING
text: Front glass doors swing open and John and Midnite calmly
text: strut inside. Stop.
text: HEAR the O.S. MURMURS of an unseen crowd.
text: This EMERGENCY ROOM is crammed with people. Lawyers.
dialog: Brokers. Soccer moms. Truck drivers. Etc... Most are
text: crowded in front of a set of double doors.
text: Room goes dead silent as all eyes lock on our guys.
text: John steps from Midnite, raises his hands like a riot
dialog: cop.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 103.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Okay -- let's cut the scratch and
dialog: call it a night. Meeting's over.
dialog: That's got their attention. As entertainment. A few
text: chuckle. John is surprised to see Ellie stepping from
text: the crowd. Still that bundle of sexual energy.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Ellie?
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Oh, John, you know how much I love
dialog: it on this side. This was just an
dialog: opportunity to make it permanent.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You think his son will be any
dialog: different? He'll just turn this
text: place into his own Hell and then
dialog: where will you to party, Heaven?
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: No need to get nasty.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Never bothered you before.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: I am so going to miss our little
dialog: trysts.
text: Ellie steps closer. The crowd starts to close in with
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I'm sure you will.
text: John pulls out his lighter, holds it up -- flicks it on.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Now turn around and take your
dialog: friends with you.
dialog: Can he look more ridiculous?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: I will deport you. All of you.
dialog: You know I can.
text: John steps back up onto a chair, thrusts the lighter
dialog: higher --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Oh, John, this is embarrassing.
dialog: Where is your pride?
text: -- right under a SPRINKLER HEAD.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Go to Hell.
text: Ellie looks up just as the sprinklers trigger.
scene_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS
text: Ellie and a room of half-humans -- all looking up as
text: water sprays from every nozzle. John and Midnite tense
text: because the first drops have no effect. A beat -- a
text: SPURT in the waterlines and suddenly -- SHRIEKS fill the
text: room as half human skin begins to FRY.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: Holy water!
text: Emergency lighting has snapped on -- throwing the room
text: into a strobing nightmare of action. Flashes of human
text: skin melting, revealing snippets of the true demons
text: underneath. It's total pandemonium as their rage is
text: directed toward the only real humans in the room.
text: John and Midnite fling their coats open -- draw their
text: WEAPONS and starts FIRING away at the attacking horde.
text: Sacred bullets cause major damage -- wounds that ripple
text: out through demon bodies.
text: John and Midnite slam back to back -- spinning under the
text: protective shield of a showering sprinkler head --
dialog: shooting at all manner of distorted forms that venture
text: into the COLUMN OF SPRAY.
text: One reloads while the other FIRES. It's a hellish form
dialog: of a turkey shoot. Nothing sacred, nothing spared.
text: John goes for the double doors. Midnite covers him --
text: blows away another two disintegrating demons. Two come
text: up behind and he spins, takes them down.
text: JOHN gets to the doors, starts to open them when Ellie
text: jumps onto his back -- nails digging in.
speaker_heading: ELLIE
dialog: I'm not going back there!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: We are what we are, Ellie --
text: John FIRES over his back, loosens her grip. He grabs
text: hold, shoves her face up into the spray of an overhead
text: sprinkler head. Legs flail about.
text: Midnite comes out of the rain -- grabs John.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: Let's go.
text: John drops Ellie to the floor. No more pretty face -- no
text: face at all -- yet the screams still come.
text: John and Midnite get to the doors -- shove through.
scene_heading: INT. PHYSICAL THERAPY ROOM
text: Angela's body and face are completely submerged now. She
text: comes to, sees Barry above her -- tries to rise but the
text: boy pushes her head to the bottom, holds it there. Last
text: bubbles are floating up from her mouth. Barry places his
text: other hand on her arm, closes his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR
text: Holy rain has stopped in here. A fine mist floats in the
text: air. John and Midnite make their way through. Only
text: their footsteps on the tile break the stark silence.
text: Another set of doors is ahead. Before they reach it a
text: faint shadow crosses in the mist. Both pause, expecting
text: something to reveal itself. But it doesn't.
scene_heading: INT. PHYSICAL THERAPY ROOM
text: Faint waves undulate Barry's skin -- ripple from his
text: chest, down his arms and into a submerged Angela. Every
text: muscle in her body tenses in stark relief.
speaker_heading: ANGELA'S POV
text: Barry's image ripples above her in silence. Room
text: lighting starts to pulse -- slower and slower and when
text: it's caught in that dim half-light -- Angela JOLTS and
text: this time we CROSS OVER INTO --
dialog: 106.
scene_heading: PHYSICAL THERAPY ROOM HELL
text: Angela is lying in a bone-dry tank, lifts her head up to
text: see a room not much different than the one she just left.
text: Except for the SOUND. That low DRONE RISING IN PITCH --
text: those DEMONIC SCREECHES scratching at the walls.
text: And now those INKY splotches begin consuming the color
text: and light from the walls. Moving in on Angela. Closer
text: and closer -- whatever's coming is just about on her.
speaker_heading: MAMMON (O.S.)
dialog: Angela.
text: Angela SPINS and for a split second comes face to face
text: with the hideous form of MAMMON. She SCREAMS.
scene_heading: INT. NORMAL PHYSICAL THERAPY ROOM - REAL TIME
text: John and Midnite burst into the room, spot Barry standing
text: in the tank. His hands in the water. On Angela.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (rushing toward him)
dialog: Barry!
text: Barry looks up, sees the two men rushing toward him.
text: Guns aimed.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Let her up!! Let her up!!
text: A beat as John meets Barry's eyes -- realizes he's
text: staring at a frightened child. Barry backs away as --
text: -- Angela sits up behind John. Water rippling off,
text: straps dangling free.
text: John turns -- locks on her BLACK EYES.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Shit --
text: John thinks fast -- scans the area and sees every mirror
text: in the room has been shattered. So much for the quick
dialog: fix.
text: He jumps into the water with her, grabs her face and
text: pushes her against the tank walls. This is an exorcism
text: on the fly.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Amar natash bow basar! Rescind
dialog: from the flesh I command thee --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 107.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Angela's eyes snap open -- dark and dilated. John sees
text: it -- clasps a hand over her mouth -- cutting off her air
dialog: supply.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Back to Hell, asshole --
text: Her body undulates as Mammon's shape tries to come through.
text: Pulsating through her arms, her chest -- her face.
text: Angela BITES into his palm. John recoils. She shoves
text: him off and John hits the tile hard. Angela jumps from
text: the tank, pushes past in a blur. John spins to see
text: Midnite standing right there -- Angela now firmly in his
dialog: size-twelve grasp.
speaker_heading: MIDNITE
dialog: (to John)
dialog: Finish it.
scene_heading: INTERCUT WITH:
scene_heading: MYSTERIOUS HIGH POV
text: John coughs, struggles to stand. He tries to cover but
text: it's obvious his end is nearing. Midnite positions
text: Angela to face him, braces her arms out from her sides --
text: crucifixion-style. She tries but can't break free. John
text: puts a hand to her forehead --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Et separatur a plasmate tuo, Ut
dialog: num quam laedatur amorsu antiqui
dialog: serpentes.
speaker_heading: JOHN/MIDNITE
dialog: Rescind from the flesh I command
dialog: thee -- Amar natash bow basar!
text: Angela's body stops fighting. The darkness in her eyes
text: and fingernails begins to fade. It's working...
text: Midnite is suddenly JERKED backwards with an agonizing
text: YELL. Angela is dropped, slips into unconsciousness.
text: John watches in horror as Midnite's 300-pound frame is
text: lifted right off the floor by an INVISIBLE GRASP, slammed
text: into the ceiling, then twisted and thrown with incredible
text: force against the floor.
text: Midnite glares at John, tries to speak. But the words
text: die on his lips.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Enraged, John scans the empty room, sees a large SHADOW
text: on the ceiling that doesn't belong to any object.
text: He holds back a cough long enough to rip up his sleeves
dialog: and slams those tattoos together --
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Into the light I command thee!
dialog: Into the light I command thee!
dialog: It takes every ounce of John's life force to keep this
text: spell alive and when he's about to drop from exhaustion
text: the shadow is brought fully into the light -- becomes
text: that familiar shape of WINGS.
speaker_heading: VOICE OF MAN (O.S.)
dialog: Your ego is astounding.
text: John strains to see the shadow become the real thing --
text: the majestic wings of an angel.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Gabriel?
text: John is too weak to even be surprised anymore.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Figures...
text: Gabriel touches down in front of him. Spear in his hand.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: And the wicked shall inherit the
dialog: Earth.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: You presume to judge me, John.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Betrayal, murder, genocide? Call
dialog: me provincial.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: I am seeking to inspire humankind
dialog: to be all that was intended.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: By unleashing Hell on Earth? Good
dialog: thinking...
text: Gabriel's wings fold behind as he walks around John.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 109.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: You've had it too easy for too
dialog: long.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So what's a few thousand years of
dialog: pain, right?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: You never deserved to be blessed.
dialog: You've all been born with a silver
dialog: spoon in your mouth, never really
dialog: appreciating the gift you were
dialog: given so freely -- unconditional
dialog: love from your creator.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: And that just bugs the shit out of
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: It's not your fault. Like the
dialog: animals you are, you never learn
dialog: unless sufficiently prodded.
dialog: Pleasure has no lasting effect.
dialog: But subject you to pain,
dialog: unpleasantness -- suffering -- and
dialog: you will take notice, you will
dialog: fight to overcome, to earn your
dialog: redemption. That is when you're
dialog: at your best.
text: Angela's fingernails are starting to darken once again.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You're trying to teach us a
dialog: lesson?
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: No, I'm giving you the chance to
dialog: rise above the suffering and truly
dialog: earn the love of God.
dialog: (a beat)
text: The road to salvation begins
dialog: tonight. Right now.
text: John just stares at this rogue angel, centers on the
text: Spear in his hand. He makes a break for it. Gabriel's
text: wings beat once.
text: The GUST BLOWS John through the double doors, back into
dialog: the --
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: CORRIDOR
text: -- where he smashes against a mesh-screened window, drops
text: to the floor in a heap with the other dying carcasses.
scene_heading: PHYSICAL THERAPY ROOM
text: Gabriel turns back to Angela. He approaches her -- his
text: rippling wings sliding up around her, enveloping her --
text: pulling her in. Those eyes of his could melt Dracula.
speaker_heading: CORRIDOR - JOHN
text: can't even stand, let alone save the girl. Or humanity.
text: It would be so easy to give up. To roll over and die.
text: But instead, he tries something he hasn't done in a long
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: ... I know I'm not one of your
dialog: favorites... I'm not even allowed
dialog: in your house these days... but I
dialog: could use a little attention...
text: John waits for nothing. His body crumples, his cheek
text: landing flat against the tile.
text: Glistening shards of mirror glass lie around him. As he
text: stares at his reflection in one, he gets the idea.
scene_heading: PHYSICAL THERAPY ROOM - ANGELA'S EYES
text: begin to quiver. The color drains. Blackness is waiting.
speaker_heading: CORRIDOR - JOHN
text: slides his back up the wall as he reels in that shard of
dialog: mirror.
scene_heading: PHYSICAL THERAPY ROOM - ANGELA'S
text: posture begins to change. Mammon's form ripples through
text: her -- starts to push out through her skin. Gabriel
text: stands behind her, his wings cocooned around her waist.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: (whispering to her)
dialog: Cross the bridge to your destiny...
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: CORRIDOR - JOHN
text: pulls up his sleeve, exposes his old scar. He pauses a
text: beat, closes his eyes. STAY ON his face as he makes one
text: swift SLICE movement.
text: But he's in a rush here -- makes that same motion across
text: his other wrist as well.
text: With both wrists purging his life away, John settles back
text: into the corner and waits for the inevitable.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Hurry...
scene_heading: PHYSICAL THERAPY ROOM - GABRIEL
text: reveals the Spear.
speaker_heading: CORRIDOR - JOHN
text: is dying. Eyes are starting to close as...
scene_heading: PHYSICAL THERAPY ROOM - GABRIEL
text: Raises the Spear over Angela's chest.
text: HEAR the SOUNDS of a million DEMONS inside of her ready
dialog: to break free --
text: He holds the Spear high above her chest -- readies for
dialog: the final thrust as --
speaker_heading: CORRIDOR
text: Bulbs flicker as current ramps down and TIME COMES TO A
scene_heading: COMPLETE STOP.
text: All we're left with is a distant METALLIC DRONE, like the
text: reverberation of a gong struck a thousand years ago.
text: John lies in that dim half-light. Motionless.
text: Something starts to swirl near him and just like that,
text: John is no longer alone. Shadow falls over his pathetic
dialog: form.
speaker_heading: SATAN (O.S.)
text: The time has come at last to
dialog: collect your soul.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: John pries his eyes open...
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: Hello, John.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You're early.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: You're the one show I wouldn't
dialog: miss.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: So I've heard.
text: Satan sees John's slit wrists.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: I didn't think you'd make the same
dialog: mistake twice.
text: John looks up at him.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: You didn't, did you?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: ... so how's your son?
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: And why would that matter to you?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: ... he's topside...
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: With Gabriel.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: Your point?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: He's helping your son create his
dialog: own Hell on Earth...
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: Well, boys will be boys...
speaker_heading: JOHN
text: He has the Spear of Destiny.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 113.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Satan didn't know that. Now he's concerned. He studies
dialog: this dying man.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: This is another one of your cons.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Go look for yourself...
text: Satan is still suspicious.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You've waited twenty years for me,
dialog: what's another twenty seconds?
text: Satan contemplates his remark. Metallic reverberation is
text: overtaken as SOUND and MOTION ramp back to real time --
scene_heading: PHYSICAL THERAPY ROOM - THE SPEAR
text: is about to be thrust into Angela's chest.
speaker_heading: SATAN (O.S.)
dialog: Gabriel?
text: Gabriel looks up -- spots him in the room. Gabriel
text: reacts -- pulls the spear toward her with all his
text: might -- but Satan is faster -- Angela vanishes and
text: Gabriel has now pierced dead air.
text: Satan holds Angela tight -- covering her mouth like John
text: did. She struggles and the demon inside appears --
text: reflected in the huge chunks of tank glass scattered on
text: the floor. Hideous. The real MAMMON.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: Say goodbye to the sun -- both of
dialog: you.
text: Mammon SHRIEKS and Gabriel's beautiful wings ignite in
speaker_heading: FLAME --
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: No!!!!!!!!
speaker_heading: CORRIDOR - JOHN
text: is rocked by a major jolt that shakes the entire building
text: to its foundation. A moment later --
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: Satan is back. John looks up, gives him that look -- you
dialog: owe me. Satan hates admitting it but knows it's true.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: So... what do you want? An
dialog: extension?
text: John shakes his head, can barely utter a sound...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Isabel...
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: What about her?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: ... let her... go home...
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: You would give up your life so she
dialog: could go to Heaven?
text: John manages a nod...
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: Fine.
dialog: (closes, opens eyes)
dialog: It's done.
scene_heading: INT. PHYSICAL THERAPY ROOM
text: ANGELA gasps -- her first real breath's a strain.
text: Adrenaline rushes through her and she quickly closes her
dialog: eyes --
scene_heading: EXT. THAT GORGEOUS SKY
dialog: Stretches out BEFORE us. And here come those two swings,
text: penduluming up in SLOW MOTION.
text: Young Angela and Isabel share that moment again. But
text: this time Isabel lets go and jumps out of her swing.
text: Her body sails up and away, her fingers reaching out for
text: what seems so close... so close...
text: Isabel keeps going until she fades into the sky.
speaker_heading: SATAN (V.O.)
dialog: Time to go.
dialog: 115.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR
text: John relaxes, stops fighting the inevitable. Satan takes
text: his hand, starts to pull him home but suddenly finds
text: himself pulling on what seems to be infinite mass. Try
text: as he might, he can't budge John an inch.
text: And now John's other hand leaves his side, and as if
text: weightless, begins to rise toward something above.
dialog: No sense in beating around the bush here, John is in the
dialog: embrace of God.
text: Satan sees this and recoils in absolute RAGE --
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: The sacrifice!! No!!!! THIS ONE
dialog: BELONGS TO ME!!
text: John's rising hand drifts back down in front of Satan,
text: the middle finger fully extended. Final straw.
text: Satan goes rabid -- turns to PURE ENERGY for a split
text: second. His hands remain on fire.
speaker_heading: SATAN
dialog: You will live, John Constantine,
dialog: you will live so you'll have the
dialog: chance to prove that your soul
dialog: truly belongs in Hell. You will
dialog: live!
text: Satan eagerly plunges his blazing hands into John's
dialog: body --
text: John screams in agony. Satan tears through his tissue --
text: collecting the cancer, then ripping out a mass of
text: diseased tissue with one vengeful pull. John's final
text: blood-curdling SCREAM ECHOES over --
scene_heading: INT./EXT. RAVENSCAR
text: -- through every room. Every corridor. Rippling out
text: across the ground and finally dissipating in the hills
dialog: beyond.
scene_heading: INT. CORRIDOR
text: On his hands and knees, John takes that first breath.
text: New lungs fill for the first time. No cough. Not even a
text: wheeze. Face has renewed color. Wrists have sealed
dialog: tight.
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: John is healed.
text: He stands, steps back inside the --
scene_heading: PHYSICAL THERAPY ROOM
text: John stops over the body of one seven-foot African
text: warrior. He stands immobilized, wrecked with emotion. A
text: SOUND draws his attention to the one thing that could
dialog: cause him even greater rage --
speaker_heading: GABRIEL --
text: is hunched over near a wall. Jagged cartilage stumps
text: protrude from his back. A pattern of sinew and bone is
text: burned into the floor behind him. It's all that remains
text: of his once majestic wings.
text: John approaches, spots blood dripping from the former angel.
text: He realizes what this means. Gets a kick out of it.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Human...
text: Gabriel looks up as John retrieves a gun from the wet
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You don't deserve to be human.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Then pass judgment on me now.
text: John raises the gun -- puts it to Gabriel's forehead.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Do it. Seek revenge. End my
dialog: life.
text: John's finger nudges the trigger.
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Kill me! Pull the trigger! Be
dialog: the hand of God!
text: John pauses, realizes what's happening here...
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: ... and I'll be condemned again...
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Do it!
speaker_heading: (CONTINUED)
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: CONTINUED:
text: It takes everything John has not to pull that trigger.
text: He lowers the gun, shaking his head.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You're even worthless as bait.
text: John starts to turn away --
speaker_heading: GABRIEL
dialog: Deny your true nature today, but
dialog: what of tomorrow, of the tomorrow
dialog: after that? It is only a matter
dialog: of time before you end up right
dialog: back where you belong. It is who
dialog: you are, Constantine. Damned.
text: John's fist starts behind his back, gains momentum the
text: entire arc until it ends abruptly against Gabriel's face.
text: The ex-angel is propelled all the way to the wall --
text: SLAMS HARD against the concrete. Body crumples on
dialog: impact, slides down to the muck. You know this hurt like
dialog: absolute hell.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: That's called pain. Get used to it.
text: John turns toward the double doors -- stops cold.
text: Huddled in the doorway, covered in grime is Angela and
text: Barry. The experience has obviously left them both
dialog: drained.
text: John walks across the room, kneels down to them.
speaker_heading: ANGELA
dialog: Thank you, John.
text: He nods, beat. Wipes a trace of blood off her brow, puts
text: a hand on Barry's shoulder. HOLD a beat ON this gritty
text: family tableau.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S APARTMENT - MIDNITE'S UNIVERSAL ORRERY
text: MOVING SLOWLY PAST the inoperative device. PAST
text: strangely-shaped objects of platinum and gold, with names
text: and symbols that make a bit more sense now.
scene_heading: EXT. AFRICA - DAY
text: Huge sun beats down on a lone FIGURE walking across a
text: stretch of the most barren landscape on Earth. He stops,
text: kneels to the heavily-cracked soil. Starts digging.
dialog: 118.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S APARTMENT - THE ORRERY
text: A HAND comes in, affixes an unseen object to a protruding
text: rod. Its weight causes it to drop OUT OF FRAME but a
text: moment later it rises back INTO VIEW and finds a balance.
scene_heading: EXT. AFRICA
text: JOHN pulls back the protective hood from his face.
text: Healthy and tan with a new lease on life. He pops a
text: NICORETTE TABLET, then unwraps rolls of cloth from around
text: the Spear of Destiny. He drops it in the hole, stares at
text: it a long beat.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN'S APARTMENT - THE ORRERY
text: The entire mechanism shudders. And now miraculously,
dialog: every globe, every moon, every obscure object in this
text: miniature occult universe begins to rotate in complete
dialog: sync.
text: As it does, the defining object finally slides INTO VIEW.
text: John's lighter. ANGELA watches it rotate past, nods in
dialog: approval.
scene_heading: EXT. AFRICA
text: John sighs, finally sweeps mounds of soil over the sacred
text: relic. He stands, nods. Job done.
text: A breeze blows past and John senses being watched. He
text: spins and finds -- nothing. For a hundred miles. He
text: starts walking.
speaker_heading: JOHN (V.O.)
dialog: Some people are born to make a
dialog: difference. I had to die. Twice.
scene_heading: MATCH CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. 20 LANES BOWLING ALLEY - ANGELA
text: walking right in step. Something is closing in on her.
text: A new TAXI pulls up. Chaz is driving. Angela gets in.
speaker_heading: JOHN (V.O.)
dialog: God does work in mysterious ways.
dialog: 119.
scene_heading: EXT. AFRICA
text: John continues walking as something closes in on him at
dialog: incredible speed.
speaker_heading: JOHN (V.O.)
dialog: Some people like it...
text: Our view RISES OVER him and gliding across the barren
text: landscape are the SHADOW of WINGS.
speaker_heading: JOHN (V.O.)
dialog: Some people don't.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
