dialog: 
dialog: "Conspiracy Theory," by Brian Helgeland
scene_heading: CONSPIRACY THEORY
dialog: an original screenplay by
dialog: Brian Helgeland
dialog: September 12, 1996
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. MANHATTAN STREETS - CAB - DAY
text: Behind the wheel: JERRY FLETCHER. Flat-out handsome if
text: not for his eyes. Someone rash, someone making an
text: uninformed decision might call them crazy eyes. He stops
text: across from an apartment building, TOOTS his HORN.
scene_heading: IN DOORWAY
text: A woman and a man, a CYNIC, appear. Jerry smiles as they
text: kiss goodnight. A bit of desperate passion. She watches
text: after him as he gets in the cab.
speaker_heading: CYNIC
dialog: Luxembourg Towers on 7th.
scene_heading: INT. CAB
text: Jerry nods, rolls out. The Cynic watches the door to
text: 1257 close, then sighs. Jerry looks at him in the
text: rearview.
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: The sound of love.
speaker_heading: CYNIC
dialog: Excuse me?
text: Jerry exhales an exaggerated sigh.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: That's love.
speaker_heading: CYNIC
dialog: Love? Love's just a pretty way of
dialog: saying, 'I want to sleep with
dialog: you'. Love is bullshit.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I live on tips, so don't be
dialog: offended, but you're a liar. I
dialog: saw you kiss. Admit it, this is
text: the street where love lives.
text: The Cynic looks back over his shoulder. Down love
text: street. As Jerry hangs a right, the Cynic faces forward.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Love gives you wings. It makes
dialog: you fly. I don't even call it
dialog: love. I call it Geronimo.
speaker_heading: CYNIC
dialog: Geronimo?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Geronimo. When you're really in
dialog: love, you'll jump. Off the top of
text: the Empire State. Screaming
dialog: 'Geronimo' the whole way down.
speaker_heading: CYNIC
dialog: But you'll die. You'll squash
dialog: yourself. What's the point?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Aren't you listening, man? Love
dialog: gives you wings.
text: The Cynic just smiles, leans back.
speaker_heading: CYNIC
text: She must be some girl.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I love her so bad. She just...
dialog: wrecks me. I would die for her.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Jerry stops at a light. A road crew are at work ahead.
text: A white strobe light warns motorists that they're here.
speaker_heading: CYNIC
dialog: She feel the same about you?
text: Jerry can't take his eyes off the stroke. As he blinks.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I don't know.
scene_heading: FLASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: SUBJECTIVE POV
text: Looking down as a man's arms are strapped to the arm of a
text: chair. The POV JERKING UP as the same is done with the
text: head. A kaleidoscope of flashing lights ahead, then
text: darkness as eyes are shut. They're forced open. We see
text: the reflection of blue eyes in glass as they're taped
text: open. As bright lights strobe...
speaker_heading: BACK TO TAXI
text: Jerry stares at the light, transfixed.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I never told her.
speaker_heading: CYNIC
dialog: Why the hell not?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I, uh, I have some problems.
text: The traffic light glows green; Jerry doesn't see it. The
text: sound of conspiratorial WHISPERS fill the taxi.
scene_heading: FLASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: SUBJECTIVE POV
text: The contents of a syringe pumped into the strapped arm.
text: The walls begin to melt. The WHISPERS CONTINUE.
text: GARBLED, but their tone is perfectly clear. Threatening.
text: Cabalistic. Human forms appear. Stretched impossibly
text: long, melting along with the walls.
text: We CLOSE ON the reflection of a dozen pair of the same
text: taped-open eyes. The WHISPERING CUTS SHORT. Ominously.
text: The eyes dart from side-to-side as FOOTSTEPS approach.
text: The eyes suddenly widen in agony. As Jerry's scream of
text: pain becomes the BLARE of a HORN, we find ourselves back
dialog: in the...
speaker_heading: TAXI
text: Going about 60 mph. Jerry snaps to just in time to avoid
text: a head-on collision with a car coming the other way.
speaker_heading: CYNIC
dialog: Are you crazy?!
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: The guy came right at us!
speaker_heading: CYNIC
dialog: You turned up a one way street!
text: Jerry watches, in a sweat, as he passes a "ONE WAY" sign
text: pointing the opposite way. He mutters to himself.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I was only going one way.
speaker_heading: CYNIC
dialog: Drop me off here!
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Look, I'm sorry --
speaker_heading: CYNIC
dialog: Just drop me off.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER ANGLE
text: Jerry pulls to the curb. The meter at $3.60. The Cynic
text: slides a twenty through the slot and is out the door.
text: Jerry watches over his shoulder as the Cynic disappears
text: down the street. Jerry rubs his eyes, tries to regroup.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Love street...
scene_heading: EXT. FIFTH AVENUE (MANHATTAN) - NIGHT
text: Late. The cab rolls, this time the right way. Ahead, a
text: well-dressed man steps off the curb, flags Jerry down.
speaker_heading: CAB
text: Jerry slows, stops. As the well-dressed man starts over,
text: Jerry sizes him up. The man seems suddenly sinister.
text: As he reaches for the door, LOCKS CLICK DOWN. Jerry GUNS
text: the CAB away. The confused man stumbles back, shouts,
text: apparently not a threat at all.
scene_heading: EXT. APARTMENT BUILDING (UPTOWN) - NIGHT
text: Headlights out, the cab pulls up to the curb.
scene_heading: INT. CAB - NIGHT
text: Jerry glances at a lit 2nd floor apartment window, then
text: settles in with a bologna sandwich. About to take a
text: bite, he pauses, removes a slice of bologna. He regards
text: it a beat, then carefully peels off the edge. Jerry
text: holds the narrow casing up against the glow of a
text: streetlight, like it was encoded. Then something catches
text: his eye. He trades the sandwich for binoculars, focuses
text: on the window.
scene_heading: BINOCULAR POV - WINDOW
text: LIZA SUTTON. In a Yale sweatshirt, stretching, earphones
text: on. She forces her head past her kneecap and holds it
dialog: there. Driven is the word to describe Liza. When she
text: sleeps, she tries to do it better than anyone else does.
text: We can't hear her, but as she finishes stretching, she
text: sings along with the music on her headset.
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: captivated, he sighs -- the sound of love. Then he gets
text: an idea. Still watching, he fumbles for the RADIO.
text: Turning it ON, he SCANS radio STATIONS.
scene_heading: BINOCULAR POV - LIZA
text: Her lips don't match anything. COUNTING CROWS. DAVID
scene_heading: BOWIE. The TRAFFIC REPORT. A RAP TUNE.
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: Never takes his eyes off her, SCANS STATIONS for the
text: elusive number. He finds ANNIE LENNOX singing "Blue
dialog: Moon."
scene_heading: BINOCULAR POV - LIZA
text: Lips in synch. That's what she's singing along with.
speaker_heading: JERRY (V.O.)
dialog: (joins in)
dialog: 'Blue moon, you saw me standing
dialog: alone...'
text: INTERCUT between them. "Without a song in my heart,
dialog: without a love of my own. Blue moon..." In a weird way,
text: it's a duet. A sweet moment. Then, Liza stops.
text: She gets on a treadmill and cranks it up. Walking a few
text: moments before she's jogging, before she's running. No
text: easy pace here. Liza gets grim, cranks up the speed and
text: goes hard. She's punishing herself.
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: His voice trails off as he watches. Sad, he lowers the
text: binoculars, doesn't want to watch her do this. Throwing
text: the CAR in GEAR, he takes a last look and drives away.
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK NEWS - NIGHT
text: A classic corner newsstand except that a river runs down
text: the street and over the curb. Newspaper stacks usually
text: on the sidewalk are up on milk crates. The owner, FLIP
text: TANNER, cruises the sidewalk in a battered wheelchair.
text: All sinew and tendons, Flip is black, about 50. He looks
text: to Jerry's cab plowing twin fountains as it approaches.
text: Flip heaves a stack of newspapers and magazines into his
text: lap. he rolls to meet Jerry at the curb, hands him the
text: stack through the window. Jerry looks down at the water.
speaker_heading: FLIP
dialog: Water main. Broke all the way
text: over on 40th Street and Seventh.
dialog: Subway's a damn river.
text: Jerry stares back over his shoulder at water gushing out
text: a manhole cover. Flip watches him, smiles.
speaker_heading: FLIP
dialog: What're you thinking, Jerry?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Water mains usually go in the
text: winter. It's August 1st.
speaker_heading: FLIP
dialog: Tell you what. Reminds me of life
dialog: in the Delta.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Mississippi?
speaker_heading: FLIP
dialog: Mekong, my friend, Mekong.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You know, Flip, Vietnam War was
dialog: fought because of a bet Howard
dialog: Hughes lost to Aristotle Onasis.
speaker_heading: FLIP
dialog: Sure. And the two of 'em used my
text: legs for a wishbone. Nearly
dialog: snapped me in half.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I gotta go, Flip. Thanks.
text: As Jerry drives away, Flip smiles, shakes his head.
scene_heading: EXT. VILLAGE BROWNSTONE - ROOFTOP - NIGHT
text: Carrying his magazines and newspapers, Jerry climbs onto
text: the roof from the fire escape. He deadpans a look back
text: and forth. All seems clear. Jerry starts across. COOS
text: as Jerry passes a PIGEON coop. He steps back, opens the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: It's your choice, fellas.
text: As Jerry continues...
scene_heading: SPACE BETWEEN TWO ROOFTOPS
text: As Jerry leaps, PASSES directly OVER us.
scene_heading: INT. VILLAGE BROWNSTONE - HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Jerry enters by a window at the fire escape. Apartment
text: 202. He checks the seam between the door and casing.
text: The tip of a toothpick is just visible. Assured, he
text: unlocks the door. As the toothpick drops, Jerry steps
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT 202 - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Stacked with filled-to-bursting file cabinets. On the
text: walls, a silvery particle board. Jerry locks the door,
text: balances an empty beer bottle upside down on the door
dialog: knob.
text: Satisfied, Jerry enters the file labyrinth. As he moves
text: we FLASH ON some of the labels, some with not bad cartoon
text: drawings. "George Bush," "Delta 30," "Blue Flood,"
dialog: "Sirhan2."
text: Jerry turns the corner. "Nazis & Nutrasweet," "Patti
dialog: Hearst," and among many more: "MK Ultra" which features
text: the silhouette of a man holding a handgun & "Council On
dialog: Foreign Affair" with the C-F-A in heavily Gothic
text: lettering.
scene_heading: KITCHEN - REFRIGERATOR
text: Locked. Padlocked chains run through steel rings bolted
text: to the sides. Jerry spins the combo-lock. Before
text: opening, he pauses to consider a set of magnetic poetry
text: words on the fridge door. He arranges them, reads:
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: The essential goddess death could
dialog: chain bitter men,
dialog: (moves words)
dialog: and crush the ugly moment... like
text: life pounding eggs.
text: Jerry opens the fridge to reveal ten padlocked stainless
text: steel containers. He removes one labeled: "Tapioca."
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT 202 - JERRY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Carrying a bowl of tapioca, Jerry enters. More files, a
text: manual typewriter. On the wall, an American flag
text: alongside a poster of John Lennon reading: "Assassinated
dialog: 12/8/80."
text: He strides to his desk and a...
scene_heading: PUBLISHING MONTAGE BEGINS
text: Jerry scans a New York Times spread on a drafting table.
text: He circles headlines, names and dates. Does the same
dialog: with the San Francisco Chronicle, Le Monde, Time, the
text: Economist and Popular Mechanics. He enters raw data on
text: 3x5 cards: space shuttle launched, base closings, escape
dialog: from mental hospital and especially the obituaries.
text: Specifically: "Industrialist Ernest Hariman Drowns."
text: Jerry flips through 100s of cards on big Rolodexes as he
text: cross-references data. Jerry pulls cards, lines them up.
dialog: The first connection: the dates of six Space Shuttle
text: launches and six earthquakes all coinciding. Jerry lets
text: out a low whistle. Never too jaded to be shocked.
text: Jerry types the text of an article, crosses out mistakes.
text: He handcranks copies off an old drum mimeograph. The
text: hand drawn logo: lips whispering into an ear. The
dialog: title: "Conspiracy Theory."
text: Jerry writes out five labels. Addresses from across
text: America. Jerry slaps the labels on the newsletters.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET
text: The sun comes up.
text: Jerry drops the newsletters into a mailbox. He starts
text: across the street, then stops, looks back with dread. He
text: steps back over, checks the slot. Everything went down.
text: Jerry starts away, then stops again. As he looks back...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JUSTICE DEPARTMENT - NYC OFFICES - DAY
text: Jerry passes through the metal detectors. He stops to
text: stare at the blindfolded Status of Justice. As a FEDERAL
text: COP steps over to join him.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Smart girl.
speaker_heading: FEDERAL COP
dialog: How's that, sir?
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: She's got a blindfold on.
speaker_heading: FEDERAL COP
dialog: Do you have an appointment here,
dialog: sir?
text: Jerry continues to stare.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Depends on your definition...
scene_heading: INT. JUSTICE DEPARTMENT - OUTSIDE CONFERENCE ROOM - DAY
text: The morning meeting yet to begin. Lawyers wait as,
text: THROUGH the glass, treadmill girl Liza Sutton argues with
text: brusque department head WILSON. It's a screaming match,
text: though on this side of the glass their VOICES are MUFFLED
text: THUMPS. Liza waves her arms. Wilson shakes his head
text: emphatically.
text: As they continue to argue, a YOUNG LAWYER arrives being
text: shown the ropes by an OLDER LAWYER.
speaker_heading: OLDER LAWYER
dialog: This is the conference room. We
dialog: start 9 AM sharp. Usually.
text: The argument in the conference room has gotten so
dialog: vociferous, that people have stopped pretending not to
dialog: watch.
scene_heading: YOUNG LAWYER
dialog: Wow. How long till I can talk
dialog: like that to Mr. Wilson?
speaker_heading: OLDER LAWYER
dialog: About a thousand years. That's
dialog: Liza Sutton. You heard of the
dialog: federal judge? Tom Sutton?
dialog: Assassinated a few years ago?
scene_heading: YOUNG LAWYER
dialog: By that cult leader who's in
dialog: prison, right? Ezekiel Walters.
dialog: The one who blew up the Citibank
dialog: Building.
speaker_heading: OLDER LAWYER
dialog: None of it ever proven. But
dialog: Sutton did deny Ezekiel a writ of
dialog: habeas corpus. Anyhow, Liza is
dialog: Sutton's daughter.
text: A commotion down the hall. Jerry. The cop from
text: downstairs and a second one try everything short of
text: violence to usher him out.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I'm an American and I demand to
dialog: see Liza Sutton!
speaker_heading: CONFERENCE ROOM
text: Wilson and Liza are nose-to-nose. THROUGH the glass, the
text: head of every lawyer turns from them to Jerry. Like
text: deftly executed synchronized swimming, Liza and Wilson
text: can't help but notice. Jerry. Liza shakes her head in
dialog: despair.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Ah, your psychotic is here.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Not today...
text: Liza crouches down on the floor behind the chair.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Tell him I'm on vacation. That I
dialog: won't be back for two weeks.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: I don't know if you're the best
dialog: lawyer I've got or a high school
dialog: sophomore.
text: Wilson shakes his head, exits.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE CONFERENCE ROOM
text: As Jerry struggles with the guards who are definitely
dialog: getting more physical.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Get him out of here.
speaker_heading: CONFERENCE ROOM
text: Liza peeks out. They're hurting Jerry now. As Liza
dialog: sighs.
scene_heading: OUTSIDE CONFERENCE ROOM
text: They drag Jerry back. Liza appears.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: It's okay! Let him go!
text: The guards hesitate. Wilson nods. As they let Jerry
dialog: go...
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Jerry, you are a restraining order
text: waiting to happen.
scene_heading: INT. JUSTICE DEPARTMENT - LIZA'S OFFICE - DAY
text: In its own way as cluttered and overflowing with files as
text: Jerry's apartment is. At her desk, Liza watches Jerry
text: pace. The door is intentionally open. Liza's secretary
text: JILL keeps a protective eye from the outer office.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I don't see the connection.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Come on! Six major earthquakes in
dialog: the last three years? The space
dialog: shuttle in orbit for every one of
dialog: them?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: (incredulous)
dialog: Testing some top secret seismic
dialog: weapon.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Not testing. Using. Nukes are
dialog: passe. This is the weapon of the
dialog: future.
text: As Liza exchanges a look with Jill, Jerry pauses to look
text: at a framed photo on a credenza.
text: Liza, 20, in full riding gear, gracefully jumping a horse
text: over a set of rails.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I still don't see what it has to
dialog: do with the President.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (re: photo)
dialog: Do you still ride?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Not for years.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: So why do you keep the picture up?
dialog: You wish you hadn't quit?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Well, I -- Jerry, the point. Get
dialog: there. What does it have to do
dialog: with the President?
text: It takes him a moment to switch gears. Setting down the
text: picture, he pulls out a map, unfolds it on Liza's desk.
text: A seismic survey map. He points as he talks.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: The President's in Europe.
dialog: Tomorrow he'll be in Turkey.
dialog: Right along this fault line. They
dialog: launched the space shuttle
dialog: yesterday.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Motive?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: He's cutting funding for NASA.
dialog: The milk cow of the aerospace
dialog: industry. We're talking billions.
dialog: Motive enough?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: NASA is going to kill the
dialog: President of the United States
text: with an earthquake.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Not exactly the kind of thing a
dialog: Secret Service Agent can throw
text: himself on top of.
text: Liza sighs. On another day, Jerry might have been
text: welcome comic relief. Not today. As she folds his
dialog: map...
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You going to warn him?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I can't promise you anything.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You think I'm crazy.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I think you're different.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You know, to be 'normal' and live
dialog: in the 'real world,' to swallow
dialog: Coca cola and eat Kentucky Fried
dialog: Chicken, you have to be in a
dialog: conspiracy against yourself. I
dialog: can't lie to me, Liza. And the
dialog: more I strip through the sham, the
dialog: crazier I look to people like you.
dialog: Can't you see that's what they're
dialog: counting on?
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You want to go out sometime?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: No.
text: Jerry smiles, looks away, embarrassed in an appealingly
text: boyish way. If he wasn't crazy, the answer might be yes.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I better get going.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You don't have to burst in here
dialog: every time, Jerry. Just call and
dialog: make an appointment.
text: He nods, gathers his map. Halfway out, he looks back.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: What was your horse's name?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Johnny Dancer.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: You've been in my office ten
dialog: times. How come you never asked
dialog: me about that picture before?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Was waiting till I knew you
dialog: better. Johnny Dancer, huh?
text: Sounds like a racehorse.
text: Jerry heads out. Liza watches after him a beat as he
dialog: goes.
scene_heading: EXT. 40TH STREET AND 7TH AVENUE - DAY
text: Cordoned off with cops redirecting traffic. A lake. Big
text: diesel pumps gush water into the gutters, and the
text: sidewalks are sandbagged. All the same, water flows over
text: Jerry's sneakers as he flags down a passing PUBLIC WORKS
speaker_heading: GUY.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Hey, don't water mains usually go
dialog: in the winter?
speaker_heading: D.P.W. GUY
dialog: Summer, winter, all I know it it's
text: beaucoup overtime.
text: Something catches Jerry's eye -- a tan sedan parked
text: inside the cordon. Official U.S. Government plates. As
text: Jerry frowns, two suits, CLARKE and PIPER, exit the
text: subway kiosk, head to the sedan. Jerry watches, then
text: heads for his cab.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. FEDERAL BUILDING (MANHATTAN) - DAY
text: The sedan pulls up, double parks. As Piper and Clark
text: head inside, Jerry pulls up across the street.
scene_heading: INT. FEDERAL BUILDING - LOBBY - DAY
text: Jerry enters, watches Clark and Piper get on the elevator
text: for the 14th to 25th floors. As the door closes, Jerry
text: steps to a podium with a directory of the building's
text: occupants. He drops a finger onto a listing. Floors 18
text: to 22 are occupied by: the Central Intelligence Agency.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Spooks. I knew it.
scene_heading: LOBBY SURVEILLANCE CAMERA POV - JERRY
text: Grainy black and white as Jerry exits. Is he being
dialog: watched?
scene_heading: EXT. DINER - DAY
text: Jerry's cab is reflected against the glass. THROUGH the
text: window, we see Jerry at the counter. Standing, he throws
text: a few bills down and exits.
text: Jerry reappears in reflection, stops short as Piper is
text: reflected on one side, Clark on the other. They grab
text: Jerry. As he struggles Clark jams an air syringe against
text: his neck. Jerry's reflection goes slack.
text: As they drag him into his cab, a single OLD MAN at the
text: counter looks over, then back to his meatloaf as the
text: yellow of the cab streaks away.
scene_heading: INT. DECREPIT HOSPITAL ROOM (GERONIMO) - JERRY - DAY
text: Strapped to a chair in the middle of what looks like an
text: old hospital room. Jerry's groggy, starting to regain
text: consciousness. As he comes round, we hear FOOTSTEPS
text: APPROACHING from the hall.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON JERRY
text: Two men enter. They may or may not be Piper and Clark,
text: but we only see their torsos as they move back and forth.
text: We hear a CLOSET OPEN, EQUIPMENT being DRAGGED. Jerry
dialog: knows he's righteously fucked. But he also knows...
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I was right. Wasn't I? I was
dialog: right.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: What was I right about?
text: They don't seem to pay him any mind.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Are you guys from NASA?
text: Without warning, one of the figures grabs Jerry's head
text: from behind, straps it to a slat he attaches to the back
text: of the chair.
text: Jerry struggles, but his head is immobilized. The second
text: man goes about taping Jerry's eyes open.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I was wrong! I was wrong!
text: Finished, they leave. Jerry struggles, then finally
text: waits. A new set of FOOTSTEPS in the hall. Jerry's eyes
text: follow someone into the room and across from him. Jerry
text: frowns.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Do I know you?
speaker_heading: JONAS (O.S.)
dialog: Yes you do, Jerry. Quite well.
dialog: WIDEN to include --
speaker_heading: JONAS
text: Standing opposite Jerry. Genteel looking, professorial.
text: There's something calm, oddly soothing about him.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Have you ever been in a place from
dialog: which hope has gone? All that's
text: left is patience. Everywhere.
text: Like a fog.
text: A beat as Jonas considers Jerry.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: I'm a very patient man.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: That's great. Good for you.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Who have you been talking to,
dialog: Jerry? Who else knows what you
dialog: know?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Could you be a little more
dialog: specific?
text: Jonas doesn't answer. Instead, he methodically loads a
text: syringe. Jerry watches with grave apprehension.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Lysergic acid diethylamide... With
dialog: a little kicker of my own. Surely
dialog: it must be coming back to you by
dialog: now?
text: There's nowhere to go, but Jerry still tries to go there
text: as the needle descends. And then the plunge.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: What do I know?...
text: Jonas switches on a row of strobe lights. They flash
text: into Jerry's face. In between them, on a screen, images.
speaker_heading: JERRY'S POV
text: A man on fire. Kennedy with the waiter on the floor in
dialog: the Ambassador. That guy in Vietnam being shot in the
text: side of the head. Rhesus monkeys subjected to direct
text: brain stimulation. Reagan catching it under the armpit.
text: A slaughterhouse. And interspersed between it all, a
dialog: rather official-looking photo of a middle-aged man we'll
dialog: call Mr. S. Then --
speaker_heading: JONAS
text: is dancing back and forth before Jerry. The strobes
dialog: freeze him like some club from the '70s.
speaker_heading: ROOM
text: But Jonas isn't really dancing. He's directly across
dialog: from Jerry -- profile-to-profile.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Who else knows what you know?
text: Slack-jawed, Jerry doesn't answer. Jonas holds an
text: electrode to Jerry's leg, touches a second to his side.
text: Jerry arches back as current flows.
speaker_heading: JERRY'S POV
text: as the ceiling melts and drops in heavy globs around
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: ROOM
text: Jonas cuts the flow.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Who else knows what you know?
text: Jerry's only answers are the tears running down his
text: cheeks. Jonas hits him again.
text: Jerry jerks back so hard the chair snaps right off the
text: floor and topples over backwards. Jerry's left wrist and
text: right leg burst through the straps which were holding
text: them down. A wisp of smoke rises.
text: Jonas sighs. He looks down at Jerry who moans,
dialog: whispers...
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I'll tell you...
text: Jonas smiles paternally, steps over. Jerry's mouth
text: moves, but we can't hear him. Mr. S flashes on the
dialog: screen.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: (crouching)
dialog: From your lips, to God's ear.
speaker_heading: JERRY'S POV
text: As Jonas leans in, his nose looks enormous.
speaker_heading: ROOM
text: Grabbing Jonas' shirt with his limited left hand, Jerry
text: uses the only weapon he's got. He bites Jonas on the
text: nose. Blood pulses as Jerry's teeth find an artery.
text: Howling, Jonas tries to scramble out of reach.
text: Jerry kicks him in the stomach with his free leg and then
text: keeps kicking. It's inarticulate, roughshod work, but he
text: connects and Jonas feels it and each new kick as a
text: little more fury than the last.
text: Finally Jonas rolls away. Jerry half-crawls, half-rocks
text: his way to a crouched position. Rising, he staggers into
text: the window, the top of the chair smashing through the
text: glass. Jerry stares down to the ground below.
speaker_heading: JERRY'S POV
text: As the earth rises and falls like a wave. The distance
text: down is impossible to gauge.
speaker_heading: ROOM
text: As Jonas staggers to his feet, Piper and Clark charge in.
text: They move forward, but without warning, Jerry gathers
text: what balance he has and heaves himself out the window.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE OF BUILDING - DAY
text: Partially obscured by trees, Jerry does a half-gainer
text: from exactly two stories above the ground. The chair
text: back takes the brunt of the landing. Wood splinters.
speaker_heading: ROOM
text: Blood spurts between Jonas' fingers. Clark and Piper
text: draw their guns and rush to the window...
speaker_heading: GROUND
text: Slats of wood hang at his elbows and knees as Jerry reels
text: across the lawn.
speaker_heading: ROOM
text: Clark and Piper FIRE.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Don't kill him! Get him!
text: As Clark and Piper rush off...
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - DAY
text: Jerry slogs, sinks into asphalt up to his knees. A truck
text: sets a dumpster down on the street ahead. As it pulls
text: away, Jerry dashes, grabs hold of a handle on the rear.
scene_heading: EXT. STREET TWO - SOME BLOCKS AWAY - DAY
text: We see the truck approach. As it turns right, the
text: centrifugal force flings Jerry off the back and into the
text: oncoming lane. Several taxis slam on their brakes to
dialog: keep from running him over.
text: All Jerry sees is yellow.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I'm one of you! I'm one of you!
text: As one driver leans out one window, shouts at him in
dialog: Hindu.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. JUSTICE - ELEVATOR - DAY (END OF DAY)
text: Liza's in the back next to, but not with, one of the
text: Lawyers seen earlier. He seems nice enough.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: So, you doing anything tonight?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: (hefts briefcase)
dialog: Working.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Hmm, how about tomorrow night?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Working.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Night after that?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Look, you're a nice guy, but I'm
text: not really dating right now.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: I'm not that good at 'no,' Liza.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Too bad. Because I'm terrible at
dialog: 'yes.'
scene_heading: INT. JUSTICE DEPARTMENT - LOBBY - DAY
text: As the elevator doors open, Liza steps into her worst
dialog: nightmare.
speaker_heading: JERRY (O.S.)
dialog: Liza Sutton! I need to see Liza!
text: Jerry is being blocked by three FEDERAL COPS.
speaker_heading: COP# 1
dialog: You don't leave now, you're under
dialog: arrest.
text: As Jerry spots her....
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Liza! This is it. They just
dialog: tried to kill me! I don't know
dialog: what I know, but it's big!
text: They tangle him up, a few feet from his destination.
text: Liza can see that something, real or imagined, has
dialog: happened.
text: In the struggle, Jerry wrenches free, taking one of the
text: Cops' .45s with him. He waves them off with it.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Get back!
text: Everyone freezes. Stand-off city.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Easy, Jerry. Easy.
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: There's blood on your shirt.
text: Indeed, blood is splattered across his chest.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I bit the bastard's nose off.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You bit someone's nose off?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Yes! Don't let's get into this
dialog: thing where I have to repeat
dialog: myself!
text: As one of the Cops moves to flank, Jerry aims the gun.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (to Cops)
dialog: It's a man without a nose you
dialog: want, you dumb complicit sons of
dialog: bitches!
dialog: (to Liza)
dialog: You've got to listen to me.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Put down the gun and I'll take
dialog: your statement. Okay?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You're the boss. Just don't make
dialog: me repeat myself. I hate that.
text: Liza sees blood dripping onto Jerry's shoe. She looks to
text: where he clutches his side, blood oozing out. To his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Jerry, you're bleeding.
text: Jerry takes his hand from his side, looks at the blood.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I didn't even feel it till a few
dialog: minutes ago.
text: As Jerry's distracted, one of the Cops moves in. He
text: forces Jerry's gun hand up while the other two Cops take
text: him down. Jerry struggles till one jams a thumb into a
text: pressure point in his neck. Jerry winces, collapses.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Who are they? I don't even know
dialog: who they are. But it's on the tip
dialog: of my tongue.
text: And Jerry starts to sob. As Cop one cuffs him.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: One of you call an ambulance.
text: A hesitation before one of them moves to do so. Liza
text: pushes her way through the other two.
speaker_heading: LIZA
text: Ease off of him.
text: They back off a step, keep him covered. Jerry continues
text: to sob, desolate. And Liza, despite herself, puts an arm
text: around him, does what she can to comfort. Her life's
dialog: never going to be the same.
scene_heading: INT. ROOSEVELT HOSPITAL - WAITING AREA - NIGHT
text: A definite inner city feel. Liza stands out in her
text: smart, stylish business suit. She sits in a plastic
text: chair, tries not to scream into her cell phone.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I need the files tonight. Have
dialog: them sent to my apartment. I
dialog: don't give a rat's ass what you're
dialog: doing! Hello? Damnit!
text: Phone's dead. Sitting beside Liza, fidgety in the early
text: stages of withdrawal, is DOLLY, a 20-year-old prostitute.
speaker_heading: DOLLY
dialog: Sucks, huh?
text: Liza doesn't even look over. Dolly holds up a pager.
speaker_heading: DOLLY
dialog: You should get one of these. Then
dialog: use a pay phone. Cell phones can
dialog: be traced.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I'm not doing anything illegal.
text: Dolly looks her over.
speaker_heading: DOLLY
dialog: Yeah. Right.
text: A bedraggled DOCTOR enters, scans the waiting faces.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: Who's here for Jerry Fletcher?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: (standing)
dialog: I am.
text: The Doctor steps over.
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: He's lucky. Bullet passed clean
text: through his side, didn't touch
dialog: anything vital. He lost some
dialog: blood, but he should be fine.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: When can I talk to him?
speaker_heading: DOCTOR
dialog: They're moving him to the police
text: ward. Maybe in twenty minutes.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: But --
text: The Doctor's already on his way out. Liza sits back
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: DOLLY
dialog: You're lucky. I had a boyfriend
dialog: get shot in the stomach. Now he
text: takes a dump through a plastic
dialog: tube. I guess that's life, huh?
text: Liza reaches into her day planner, pulls out a crisp $100
text: bill, holds it out to Dolly.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: It's yours. Just go sit someplace
dialog: else.
text: Dolly looks at her a beat. Plucking the bill from Liza's
text: fingertips, Dolly gets up and moves.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - POLICE WARD - HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: A cop reads the paper at the end of the hall. He barely
text: looks up as Liza walks down, steps into...
speaker_heading: ROOM 322
text: Liza enters as a NURSE injects a syringeful of
text: "something" into Jerry's IV. Jerry's strapped to the
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: What's that?!
speaker_heading: NURSE
dialog: Something to help you sleep.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I don't want to sleep! I want to
dialog: be checked out!
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You're under arrest.
text: Jerry looks over at Liza as the Nurse exits.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: What's the charge?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You were there, Jerry. Figure it
dialog: out.
text: He nods. Is quiet a moment.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: If you could remember who shot you
dialog: and where it happened, it might
dialog: help.
text: Jerry's suddenly fighting to keep his eyes open.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: What a day. Wish I could tell you
dialog: so it made sense.
text: He tries to sit up. She eases him back down.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Just relax.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Switch the charts.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: What?
text: Jerry's as serious as a guy about to pass out can be.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Switch 'em. Or I'll be dead by
dialog: morning. Don't want to be dead.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I'll see you tomorrow.
text: As Jerry eases back into the mattress.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Wouldn't bet on it.
text: As Liza starts to go...
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Hey...
dialog: (as Liza looks back)
dialog: I can't control it. It's just,
dialog: something that happened.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: What is?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Love.
text: They look at each other a moment. Then, as Jerry's eyes
dialog: flutter.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Switch 'em.
text: A long sigh and Jerry's out. Liza starts out, then
text: stops, laughs at herself as she realizes what she needs
text: to do. Stepping over, she switches the chart at the foot
text: of Jerry's bed with that of his unconscious roommate.
text: This guy's handcuffed to the bed frame.
text: Liza looks at Jerry a beat, sighs, then exits.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. LIZA'S APARTMENT BUILDING - WINDOW - NIGHT
text: Back on the treadmill. Liza practically sprints. Her
text: teeth grit. Driven near collapse. Like she's punishing
text: herself. As we PULL BACK, leaving her to her demons...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - POLICE WARD - HALLWAY - DAY
text: The next day. Liza, arriving, stops short as an orderly
text: flanked by a COP, wheels a sheet-covered body out of 322.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: COP
text: Guy came in with a gunshot wound,
dialog: but he died of a heart attack. Go
dialog: figure.
text: Fearing the worst, Liza pulls back the sheet. It's
text: Jerry's roommate. The guy who got Jerry's chart.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Are you Miss Sutton?
text: Liza looks up, nods.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: They said send you downstairs.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: The F.B.I., the C.I.A. You name
dialog: the initials and they're down
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Any special reason?
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: All I know is, they said to send
dialog: you and the body to the basement.
text: They think the dead guy is Jerry. Liza eyes the door.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I'll be right down.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - ROOM 322 - DAY
text: Jerry sits in bed, one hand cuffed to the bed rail.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: People do have heart attacks.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Sure. You switched the charts,
dialog: didn't you?
text: Liza doesn't answer. Jerry jubilant. This is big.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: It's okay. The guy traded bullets
text: with some old man in a liquor
dialog: store. He had it coming.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You expect me to believe what,
dialog: that someone came in here last
dialog: night. Gave that guy... something
dialog: that stopped his heart?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You switched the charts; you tell
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I got to get downstairs. The
dialog: C.I.A., they want to see your
dialog: body.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Really?
text: She nods. Jerry regards the cuff, then her.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I won't be here when you get back,
dialog: but I'll be in touch. And thanks.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You saved my life.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Heart attacks happen.
text: Liza exits. Jerry thinks, smiles. He dips his hand into
text: his oatmeal, smears it across his chin, onto his chest.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL BASEMENT - DAY
text: Liza steps off the elevator, is met by AGENT LOWRY.
text: Darkly handsome, Lowry is all business with a twinkly in
text: his eye.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: Ms. Sutton? Agent Lowry, F.B.I.
text: They shake hands. Both impressed with each other.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: We're waiting for jurisdictional
dialog: problems to be cleared up. This
dialog: guy Fletcher's something else.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Tell me about it.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: While we walk.
dialog: (they move briskly)
text: D.C. police want him for assault.
dialog: Secret Service for counterfeiting
dialog: and we're tracking him on a string
dialog: of bank robberies. No one knows
dialog: what the C.I.A. wants him for.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Wait --
scene_heading: OPERATING THEATER
text: Lowry enters ahead of her. The body is here. All backs
text: are to Lowry and Liza. Wilson from Justice looks back
text: over his shoulder. The other five are CIA. One man
text: stands a bit apart. Lowry points him out, whispers into
text: Liza's ear.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: Guy's a C.I.A. shrink. Here to
dialog: I.D. Fletcher. They knew each
dialog: other somehow.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You don't understand --
text: Lowry shushes her. The sheet is pulled away to reveal
text: Jerry's roommate. His back still to us, the CIA
text: PSYCHIATRIST is not happy.
speaker_heading: PSYCHIATRIST
dialog: This isn't him.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: (turning)
dialog: Liza?
text: The Psychiatrist takes the chart from the foot of the
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I was trying to tell, um, Jerry, I
dialog: mean Fletcher, he's --
text: Liza stops short as the Psychiatrist turns around. His
text: nose is bandaged. His eyes look right through her. It's
dialog: Jonas! Jerry's man with no nose.
speaker_heading: JONAS (PSYCHIATRIST)
dialog: He's what?
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - ROOM 322 - DAY
text: Covered in oatmeal, Jerry clutches his chest, groans.
text: Three nurses, two orderlies and an INTERN surround him.
speaker_heading: INTERN
dialog: He's having a heart attack!
text: The Intern tugs on the handcuff.
speaker_heading: INTERN
dialog: Where's that goddamn cop?!
dialog: (giving up)
dialog: Get a crash cart in here!
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: No! Get me to the crash cart!
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ELEVATOR - DAY
text: Liza, Jonas, Lowry, Wilson and the CIA agents get into
text: the elevator. Liza can't take her eyes off Jonas's nose.
text: He looks over at her. It's unnerving.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Can I ask you something?
speaker_heading: JONAS
text: A dog bit it.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: You were going to ask about my
dialog: nose. The poor animal is slated
dialog: to be destroyed today.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: And you feel bad for it?
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: It was my dog. Let me ask you a
dialog: question. How long have you been
dialog: acquainted with Jerry?
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - OUTSIDE ROOM 322 - DAY
text: A crash. The Intern staggers back out the door and into
text: the wall. Jerry exits -- wearing a johnny which flaps as
text: he dashes down the hall. Bouncing along behind him is
text: the bed's side rail which he's still cuffed to.
scene_heading: INT. 3RD FLOOR HALLWAY - ELEVATORS - DAY
text: Jerry pounds on the down button. PING! The doors on the
text: middle elevator open to reveal Liza, Jonas, et. al...
text: They spot Jerry the same moment he spots them.
text: Jerry drives the rail into one agent's gut, staggering
text: him. The second agent trying to exit catches the rail in
text: the teeth. The elevator doors close.
speaker_heading: ELEVATOR
text: Lowry reaches for the control panel. But he's too late.
text: As the elevator starts up, Lowry slaps the emergency
text: stop. Then they pull the doors open. The various agents
text: climb out, step down to the 3rd floor hallway below.
text: Jerry is nowhere in sight. But from the hallway to the
text: right of the elevators, a SHOUT and a CRASH. Everyone
text: heads that way.
speaker_heading: NURSES' STATION
text: A nurse stands over an upended Med-Cart. She looks up at
text: Liza and the suits charging around the corner. Points.
text: PILLS CRUNCH under their feet as they take off in
text: pursuit.
speaker_heading: HALLWAY TWO
text: Jerry pulls a chair cover, hops up and punches a ceiling
text: panel loose. Then he continues down the hall.
text: The gang round the corner, stop short at the chair and
text: panel. Jonas motions two agents up.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: The rest of you go room to room!
dialog: I want dogs! I want motion
dialog: detectors! I want heat sensors!
text: As Jonas moves off, Lowry mutters to Liza.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: Is this guy a psychiatrist or a
dialog: field agent?
scene_heading: HALLWAY THREE
text: A row of beds against the wall. An orderly dumps a load
text: of laundry down a laundry chute. He leaves. Jerry exits
text: a bathroom, heads over. Gripping the lip of the chute,
text: he's just swung a leg inside when the room COP appears
text: around the corner, gun drawn.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: Put your foot down.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: If you knew what really happened
dialog: to Serpico, you'd be doing
dialog: everything you could to help me
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: (closing)
dialog: Put your damn foot down.
text: Obliging, Jerry swings his leg back over. But he sets
text: his heel on a laundry cart, shoves it hard into the Cop.
text: It gives Jerry a chance to swing the bed rail into the
text: Cop whose gun skitters away as he tumbles back.
text: Jerry tries again to jump down the laundry chute, but the
text: Cop is there, grapples with him. Jerry finally head-
text: butts him. As the Cop falls back, releasing Jerry, Jerry
text: falls down the chute. He jerks to a stop as the bed rail
text: forms a crossbar over the mouth of the chute.
speaker_heading: LAUNDRY CHUTE
text: Jerry dangles from his wrist. That hurt.
text: Jamming his back against one side of the chute, his feet
text: against the other, he inches his way up. As he grips the
text: edge to get out, a face looms! Liza. Jerry loses his
text: grip again, drops, jerks to another joint-wrenching stop.
scene_heading: HALLWAY THREE
text: Liza stands beside the semi-conscious Cop, looks down at
text: Jerry. He looks up at her. At her mercy.
speaker_heading: LIZA
text: He says a dog bit his nose.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Arf... You gotta help me.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I can't promise you anything.
text: Liza turns, hears PEOPLE COMING her way. Deciding, she
text: takes the key ring from the cop's belt, finds the
text: handcuff key. She slides it into the cuff on Jerry's
dialog: wrist.
text: They share a long look. Click. Jerry drops. Liza's
text: left holding the rail. She turns, sees the beds by the
dialog: wall.
speaker_heading: LAUNDRY ROOM
text: Jerry lands hard in a hamper.
scene_heading: HALLWAY THREE
text: Liza tends to the Cop (returning his keys, pockets the
text: cuffs) as Lowry and Jonas turn the corner.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: Which way did he go?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I don't know. Didn't see him.
text: As the Cop starts to sit up groggily.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: No way we can shut a place this
dialog: size down quick enough.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: You have a half-naked man chained
dialog: to a bed rail. Just cover the
dialog: exits.
text: Lowry nods, heads out. Liza follows.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I'll come with.
text: Jonas looks over at the lone bed rail, then across at the
text: laundry chute. Finally at Liza's retreating back.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: You.
text: Liza stops, looks back. Jonas crooks a finger at her.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Keep me company.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - LAUNDRY ROOM - DAY
text: Jerry the doctor. In his scrubs, pulls on a paper hair
dialog: net.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL EXIT - DAY
text: Two cops on watch at the exits. Three tired interns on
text: the way out when Jerry joins them. Just one of the guys.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Did you see that spleen? I never
dialog: saw a spleen like that ever.
text: The cops don't give them a second look as they exit.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - DAY
text: Odd looks from the interns, but Jerry's home free.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: It was unbespleenable!
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL CAFETERIA - DAY
text: Jonas dips a tea bag, stares across at Liza who grinds
text: out a cigarette in an overflowing ashtray. He watches as
text: she goes for her pack, realizes that was her last butt.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: So he thinks NASA is plotting to
dialog: kill the President?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You already asked me that. Why do
dialog: you insist on making me repeat
dialog: myself?
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: And you have no idea where he
dialog: lives?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You've asked me that one three
dialog: times.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Here's a fresh one. Why you?
dialog: Your colleague Mr. Wilson says
text: Jerry won't speak to anyone else.
dialog: That seems oddly possessive
dialog: behavior to me.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I'm sorry. What was the question
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Why you?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Honestly? I think he has a crush
dialog: on me.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: A charming term. Now, why him?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Excuse me?
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Jerry's visits to your office.
dialog: Why do you tolerate them? Why
dialog: him?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: A year ago I was leaving work late
text: one night. Two guys tried to mug
dialog: me. It was horrible. Jerry came
dialog: out of nowhere. To my rescue.
dialog: Then he started coming to see me.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Could've been a storybook if he
dialog: wasn't crazy. At first I did my
dialog: beat to avoid him. But there's
text: something inside Jerry and...
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Jerry made me see it. He made me
dialog: see him. That make sense?
text: Jonas nods. As he tends to his tea, Liza notices he
text: wears a Harvard alumni ring.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You went to Harvard?
text: Jonas nods. Liza gestures toward the ring.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: May I?
text: Jonas offers his hand so she can get a closer look:
text: three open books with the letters VE-RI-TAS.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Veritas. Truth. What is it they
dialog: say about truth?
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: The truth shall make you free.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: That's it.
dialog: (releases his hand)
dialog: I went to Yale. I hope you won't
dialog: hold that against me.
speaker_heading: JONAS
text: Only on the football field.
dialog: That's as charming as Jonas gets. The sparring
dialog: continues.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I didn't know the C.I.A. had
dialog: psychiatrists.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: We're very specialized.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Brain washing, mind control, that
dialog: sort of thing?
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Re-educating trained killers in
dialog: the ways of polite society.
dialog: Making sure the men who've gone
dialog: over the edge won't hurt anyone.
dialog: That sort of thing.
text: Jonas takes a sip of tea, watches her over the rim.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - ROOM 322 - DAY
text: A cop at the door. Liza flashes her ID, enters. She
text: heads to the nightstand, opens it. There's a key ring, a
text: pack of gum and a worn paperback copy of Catcher In the
text: Rye with the familiar crimson and gold cover. Liza flips
text: through it. Certain passages are highlighted, others
text: blacked out.
speaker_heading: LOWRY (O.S.)
dialog: Catcher In the Rye?
text: Liza looks up as Agent Lowry enters.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: That's the book Hinkley had on him
dialog: when he shot Reagan.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I was just thinking that.
speaker_heading: COP
dialog: (leaning in)
dialog: You remember that Arab guy who
dialog: shot the Rabbi a few years back?
dialog: (as they look
dialog: over)
dialog: I was one of the arresting
dialog: officers. He had a copy of the
dialog: goddamn thing too.
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You know that expression, it must
dialog: be the water. Well, maybe it's
dialog: the book.
text: As the Cop laughs it up, Lowry and Liza exchange a look.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: Thanks for your input, officer.
text: The Cop shrugs, exits. Lowry picks up the keys and gum.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
text: Gum, keys and a book.
dialog: (checks keys)
dialog: Car... Maybe apartment... This is
dialog: an odd one.
text: Of the three keys, one is long and narrow.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Safety deposit box.
text: As Lowry nods, three of Jonas' CIA suits enter. As one
text: confiscates the gum and book, another holds his hand out
text: for the keys. Lowry gives them over. As they exit...
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: You're welcome!
dialog: (shrugs to Liza)
dialog: Spooks. So, you want to compare
dialog: notes on this guy.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: No. Not yet.
text: Something catches Liza's eye. She steps to the
dialog: nightstand.
text: A word is scratched into the side by the bed. Geronimo.
text: Lowry picks a fork off the floor. Just the right size.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: Geronimo? What's that?
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - EARLY EVENING
text: Liza exits, starts for the street. A long day. She
text: fishes a small tape recorder from her briefcase, switches
text: it on.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Jerry Fletcher. Apparently, a
dialog: major desperado. Subject of a
dialog: multi-jurisdictional task force
dialog: manhunt... I don't buy it. He
dialog: might be nuts, but there's
dialog: something... good about him.
text: Liza suddenly reacts in shock to something ahead.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: No!
text: Liza dashes forward. We see her car at the curb -- a BMW
text: sedan. A traffic control officer has just finished
text: shoving a ticket under the wiper. Liza arrives shouting,
text: as they roll away. Liza grabs the ticket, pissed,
text: frustrated. But after a moment, she gets in the car.
scene_heading: INT. BMW - STREET - EARLY EVENING
text: She gets in grumbling, STARTS the ENGINE. As six fanned-
text: out parking tickets rise from the back seat behind her,
text: she spots them in the rearview. Liza jumps, her grip on
text: the steering wheel the only thing keeping her from
text: hitting her head on the roof.
speaker_heading: JERRY (O.S.)
dialog: They've been coming all day.
dialog: Nothing I could do about it.
text: As she recovers...
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: How'd you know this was my car?
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: He lies across the back seat, staring up.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Lucky guess... Um, I'd feel a lot
dialog: less naked if we could get outta
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: LIZA (O.S.)
dialog: Don't tell me you're naked back
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Figure of speech. Could we go?
speaker_heading: BMW
text: Liza takes the tickets. Deciding, she hits the gas,
text: starts through the intersection.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: What took so long? You were in
dialog: there all day.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: That's how long it takes to turn a
dialog: hospital inside out. A lot of
dialog: people are after you, Jerry.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Dead or alive, they'll stick me in
text: there with Oswald. Another
dialog: lunatic acting alone,
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Oswald was an assassin. You're
dialog: not an assassin, are you, Jerry?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: If you're worried about the
dialog: President, call and warn him about
text: the Space Shuttle.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Right. Sit up so I can see you.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Uh uh, don't want them to see me.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Them who?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Change lanes. Then watch your
text: rearview.
text: Liza does so. Looking in the mirror, a set of
text: headlights, maybe three cars back, move as well. Liza
text: frowns, turns left, eyes on the mirror. A beat and the
text: car follows her.
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: Flat, wraparound headlights?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JERRY
scene_heading: Crown Victoria. F.B.I. car. A
text: legitimate tail.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: As opposed to?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: People more serious about their
dialog: work.
dialog: You know how to drive this thing
dialog: or do you just like looking good
dialog: in it?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You mean I should speed up and try
dialog: and lose them?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: That's how a man would do it. I'm
dialog: not a man.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I noticed.
text: Liza stops in the middle of the street. Jerry stays low.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: STREET
text: The Crown Victoria has slowed considerably. Liza sticks
text: her arm out of the window of the BMW, motions it forward.
speaker_heading: CROWN VICTORIA
text: Lowry at the wheel. Knows he's been made. No use trying
text: to get out of it now. Shaking his head, he rolls
dialog: forward.
speaker_heading: STREET
text: Lowry pulls up alongside Liza. Can't see Jerry in back.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Agent Lowry.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: (shrugs; sheepish)
dialog: Wasn't my idea.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Jonas?
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: It's his show for now. Look, you
dialog: want to get some dinner? Inter-
dialog: Agency cooperation and all?
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: in the back. He doesn't like the sound of that.
scene_heading: INT./EXT. BMW/CROWN VICTORIA
text: Liza smiles, but isn't biting.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: When I'm ready to compare notes,
dialog: I'll let you know.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: Your call. Have a good night.
text: Lowry puts it in gear and takes off. Relieved, Jerry
text: sits up, watches the taillights fade away.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: See? Wasn't that a lot easier
text: than squealing tires and knocking
dialog: over trash cans?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Nothing is easy.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: How long have we known each other,
dialog: Jerry?
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: Six months. Eleven days.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Till today, I haven't believed a
dialog: word. Now, I'm curious. Six
dialog: months, eleven days. I'm going to
dialog: give you one more hour to impress
dialog: me. Where to?
scene_heading: EXT. NEW YORK NEWS - NIGHT
text: Flip watches from his wheelchair as the BMW pulls up. It
text: takes him a minute to recognize...
speaker_heading: FLIP
dialog: Jerry? You didn't show last
dialog: night. First time ever. Had me
text: worried, boy.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Sorry, Flip.
dialog: (re: Liza)
dialog: Got sidetracked.
text: Flip glances at Liza, thinks he understands. As he winks
text: at Jerry, Liza rolls her eyes to the heavens. Flip
text: retrieves a double stack of newspapers and magazines.
speaker_heading: FLIP
dialog: Saved you last night's, too.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Flip was a hero in Vietnam.
speaker_heading: FLIP
dialog: Sure was. Pounded the V.C. for
dialog: this Greek cat named Ari Onasis.
text: Flip smiles as he wheels back over. He likes Jerry.
scene_heading: INT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Jerry and Liza by the window. Jerry hands her the front
text: page of The New York Times. As Jerry scarfs bread...
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Just look at it. Ten seconds and
dialog: you'll be scared out of your mind.
text: As Liza scans the paper, a waiter sets a small salad in
text: front of her and a big bowl of spaghetti and sausage in
text: front of Jerry. He digs in like a five-year-old.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (re: salad)
dialog: You worked all day for that?
dialog: Lettuce, tomatoes, no dressing.
dialog: That's what, you're punishing
dialog: yourself, right?
text: She looks up. An odd beat. Is Jerry on to something?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You have the right to ask me
dialog: certain personal questions?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (slurps noodles)
dialog: Yeah. I think so.
text: Liza hands him back the paper.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Nothing scary there. Sorry.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Oh, well, maybe to the untrained
dialog: eye.
dialog: (scans it)
dialog: Hmm... Ahh...
dialog: (raises eyebrows)
dialog: Ooooo...
text: Liza waits as Jerry spreads out the paper.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: More about life on Mars. From a
dialog: rock they found on the South Pole.
dialog: Explain that one to me. But maybe
dialog: we should go to Mars and find out?
dialog: How much do you think that's going
dialog: to cost?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: What is it with you and the space
dialog: program?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: And look here. Cease fire in
dialog: Chechenia. That's good for the
dialog: banks who lent the government
dialog: money, but bad for the guys
dialog: selling them weapons.
dialog: (scanning article)
dialog: Listen to this, some gas company
dialog: in Colorado. Their researchers
dialog: have been blocked from testing a
dialog: fuel additive. They've accused
dialog: the E.P.A. of, quote, 'turning a
dialog: blind eye to the future.'
text: Jerry grabs a dollar bill from the tip of the adjacent
text: table. He turns it over, points out the "eye" above the
dialog: pyramid.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Well that's the eye right there.
dialog: Money. And all the power and
dialog: misery it brings with it.
dialog: It's a plot to take over the
dialog: world. The Master Conspiracy.
dialog: Can take a lifetime to pull off.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Do they have a secret handshake?
text: Jerry takes her hand. He shakes it, employing various
text: complex machinations. Finished, he regards her intently.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: That's it?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I have no idea.
text: She laughs. He got her that time. But after a beat...
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: So why are they after you?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I'm not sure. I think I figured
dialog: something out.
dialog: (lowers voice)
dialog: It must've been in my newsletter.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: What newsletter?
text: Jerry crosses his lips with his finger, shushes her. He
text: motions her forward so he can whisper. She leans in.
dialog: At that moment -- a GUNSHOT!
text: In one motion, Jerry stands, throws his chair through the
text: plate glass window. As GLASS RAINS down, he's already
text: got one foot out on the sidewalk. He reaches back for
dialog: Liza.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Come on!
text: Then Jerry sees the waiter, standing nearby, a bottle of
text: wine in one hand, a popped cork in the other -- the
text: source of the sound. Jerry looks back to Liza.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: So I'm a little jumpy. Who
dialog: wouldn't be?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You're certifiable.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You wouldn't be sitting here if
dialog: you didn't halfway believe me.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Believe you about what?
text: Jerry shrugs. As the manager storms over, Liza peels off
dialog: a hundred dollar bill.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: (re: window)
dialog: Will that cover it?
text: He shakes his head. As she peels off a few more...
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You know that hour you gave me to
dialog: impress you? How much of it is
dialog: left?
scene_heading: INT. JERRY'S VILLAGE BROWNSTONE - HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Liza enters by a window at the fire escape. Jerry
text: follows. His side is obviously bothering him.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Flesh wound. No big deal.
text: Jerry heads for the door to his apartment.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I still don't think we had to park
text: a mile away.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT 202 - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Jerry and Liza enter. Closing the door behind them, he
text: switches on the light. Liza looks from the filing
text: cabinets to the silvery particle board covering the
dialog: walls.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Is this supposed to protect you
dialog: from aliens?
text: Jerry doesn't answer as he locks the door, picks the
text: empty beer bottle up off the floor.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You know why the Grateful Dead are
dialog: always on tour?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Surprise me.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: The whole kit and caboodle of 'em
dialog: are British Intelligence agents.
dialog: Spies. Jerry Garcia had a double-
dialog: o rating. Just like James Bond.
text: Jerry sits the beer bottle on the doorknob, turns, heads
text: off. Liza looks at the bottle, then, "a la Bond"...
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Garcia, Jerry Garcia.
text: As he moves to follow...
speaker_heading: FILE LABYRINTH
text: They snake their way through the towering files.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You want something to drink?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Um, coffee. If that's okay?
text: Jerry looks back over his shoulder, smiles.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Coffee's our friend.
speaker_heading: KITCHEN
text: Liza watches as Jerry unchains the refrigerator. He
text: misinterprets the look on her face.
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: I keep the beans in the fridge.
dialog: They stay fresher that way.
text: As Jerry removes one of the stainless steel containers,
text: Liza reads some of his magnetic poetry off the door.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Must language produce a thousand
dialog: knives and not recall a whisper?
dialog: (then another)
dialog: I love the delicate shadow of she
dialog: wanting me to be.
text: Liza smiles at Jerry who looks up sheepishly from the
text: container. He's having trouble with the lock.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Forgot the combination... You want
dialog: some grapefruit juice?
scene_heading: INT. JERRY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Jerry enters with Liza. The photo of Lennon gives her
text: pause. She looks at the surrounding files then watches
text: as Jerry turns the mimeograph drum, starts printing
dialog: something.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: If my universe had a hub...
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: This would be it?
text: Jerry nods. Liza steps to the drafting table where Jerry
dialog: has done several rough, but competent sketches of horses
text: in motion. There's a book open to a photo of a horse and
text: rider jumping a rail. Liza closes it, reads:
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Equitation.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I've been reading up on it.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: (re: sketches)
dialog: Are these yours?
text: Jerry nods, embarrassed. As he staples some papers
text: together, Liza stops short. In the margin of one of the
text: drawings are two small profile sketches of her. Eyes
text: closed, it looks like she's sleeping.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Here it is. Conspiracy Theory
dialog: (proudly hands
dialog: it over)
dialog: It just went out Tuesday. Third
dialog: issue this year. I bet I struck a
dialog: nerve. Pissed someone off.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: (scans contents)
dialog: 'The Space Shuttle's Seismic
dialog: Secret'. 'The Oliver Stone-George
dialog: Bush Connection'.
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: Oliver Stone?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Stone is their spokesman. You
dialog: think if someone really had all
dialog: that information and a national
dialog: podium to shout it out from that
dialog: they'd let him do it? Stone's a
dialog: disinformation flunky. The face
text: that he's alive says it all.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Can you prove any of this?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Absolutely not. A good conspiracy
dialog: is an unprovable conspiracy. If
dialog: you can figure it out, they
dialog: screwed it up.
text: Liza flips through, reads the lead-in to one story aloud.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: 'On July 8, 1979, security forces
dialog: under control of the Trilateral
dialog: Commission abducted the fathers of
dialog: all American Nobel Prize winners.
dialog: The men, many of them
dialog: octogenarians, were forced at
text: gunpoint to ejaculate into small
text: plastic bottles. The sperm
dialog: collected is now under study in a
dialog: laboratory beneath the
dialog: headquarters of the Rand
dialog: Corporation in Santa Monica,
dialog: California.'
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Pretty scary, huh?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Yeah... how many subscribers do
dialog: you have?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: Just five. It's the economy...
dialog: You think maybe one of them is not
dialog: who they seem?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You got a list?
text: Jerry nods, goes about digging one up. Liza steps to a
text: bookshelf and fifteen different copies of The Catcher in
dialog: the Rye.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You're a Holden Caulfield fan.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Holden Caulfield? Catcher in the
dialog: Rye?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Never heard of him.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You have ten copies of the book,
dialog: but you don't know who the main
dialog: character is?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I've never read it. I just --
dialog: Every time I see one I buy it. I
dialog: don't know why exactly... Wanna
dialog: hear my favorite part?
text: Strange. As Liza nods, Jerry opens to a particular page.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (reads)
dialog: 'I keep picturing all these little
dialog: kids in this big field of rye...
text: And I'm standing on the edge of
dialog: some crazy cliff...'
scene_heading: FRONT DOOR - BEER BOTTLE
text: Nothing until, almost imperceptibly, the door knob moves.
speaker_heading: JERRY (O.S.)
dialog: 'If they're running and they don't
dialog: look where they're going I have to
dialog: come out from somewhere and catch
dialog: them.'
scene_heading: JERRY'S BEDROOM
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (finishing)
dialog: 'That's all I'd do all day. I'd
dialog: just be the catcher in the rye.'
scene_heading: FRONT DOOR - BEER BOTTLE
text: The BOTTLE FALLS as the knob turns.
scene_heading: JERRY'S BEDROOM
text: A brief look between them before Jerry hits a switch
text: which kills the lights, then pulls her down alongside
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: LIZA
text: It probably fell by itself.
text: Jerry puts a finger over her lips.
scene_heading: EXT. ADJACENT BUILDING - ROOFTOP - NIGHT
text: Two black-clad snipers aim at Jerry's window, OPEN FIRE.
scene_heading: INT. JERRY'S BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Liza stifles a cry as tear gas canisters CRASH the
speaker_heading: WINDOW.
speaker_heading: FRONT DOOR
text: It's bludgeoned open. Light streams from the hallway.
scene_heading: BUILDING HALLWAY
text: Ten black-clad assault team members dives for cover as
text: their leader tosses in a CONCUSSION GRENADE.
scene_heading: JERRY'S LIVING ROOM
text: Cabinets split at the seams as the air is rent by the
scene_heading: THUDDING IMPLOSION.
scene_heading: JERRY'S BEDROOM
text: A beacon shines through the shattered window, but they're
text: clear. Jerry shoulders the desk across the floor. He
text: pulls a barely visible wire loop, opens a trap door in
dialog: the floor.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Go.
text: As Jerry guides Liza down the hatch...
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM
text: The assault team enters military style.
scene_heading: KITCHEN WINDOWS
text: Smash as two commandos rappel their way inside.
scene_heading: JERRY'S BEDROOM
text: Grabbing the subscriber list, Jerry drops down the hatch
text: pulls the trap door shut behind him.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Dark. Jerry lands alongside Liza on a mattress.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Always rent a spare apartment!
text: Standing, Jerry hauls down on a handle attached to
text: another thin wire. Really putting his weight into it.
scene_heading: JERRY'S BEDROOM
text: The desk slides back into position over the trap door.
text: Just an instant before the assault team rolls in.
scene_heading: DOWNSTAIRS APARTMENT
text: Jerry dashes to a closet. Liza watches as he opens the
text: closet door, strikes a waiting match. He lights a fuse
text: which burns up toward a hole in the floor.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Getting rid of my hub!
text: Liza stops short. The white light from the fuse
text: illuminates the Wonderwall. Liza stares at a 6x12
text: painted montage. One image dominates. In fact, it's
text: arresting.
text: Bliss: Liza in full equestrian fear, hands outstretched,
text: head thrown back. Astride a winged horse. It soars over
text: a gate and up into the heavens.
text: Jerry has eyes only for the fuse. As it disappears
text: through the hole in the floor, it takes its light with
text: it. The Wonderwall goes dark.
scene_heading: INT. JERRY'S APARTMENT - FILE CABINETS - NIGHT
text: Branching off, the fuse runs into them, through them.
text: Incendiaries ignite.
scene_heading: FILE HALLWAY
text: Bursting into flames. Everywhere. The assault team
text: members shout, beat a retreat.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Jerry pulls a jacket from the closet, starts to pull it
text: on. It's too dark to make out exactly what he's doing.
text: Liza grabs the matches, lights one. It casts a barely
text: adequate glow on the wall.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: What is this?
text: Jerry's wearing a fireman's greatcoat, pulls on a
text: fireman's helmet. Realizing what she's seen, he's very
dialog: embarrassed.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Don't know. It was here when I
dialog: moved in.
text: The match burns to Liza's fingertips. Darkness once
dialog: again.
scene_heading: INT. JERRY'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: No shortage of light up here. As the last man exit, it's
text: become an incinerator. White hot flame shoots out.
text: Paint peels. The housing of the typewriter melts. A
text: locked METAL CYLINDER on the kitchen counter EXPLODES in
text: a shower of popcorn. Polaroids blister. But more than
text: anything -- files burn. As the sound of SIRENS builds...
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Smoke, but no fire. Six NYC firefighters escort
text: squinting residents to the fire escape. A FIREMAN exits
text: an apartment with a woman slung over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: FIREMAN
dialog: Make a hole. Watch your backs.
text: It's Jerry. The woman is Liza. As a path is cleared...
speaker_heading: STAIRWELL
text: Jonas and his men trot up the stairs led by a FIRE
text: CAPTAIN. Lowry follows, looking like he wished he were
text: someplace else. Jonas no longer wears the bandage, just
text: a small strip which partially covers the stitches across
text: his nose.
text: They meet Jerry and Liza on the landing, cross right past
text: them. Oblivious. Jerry and Liza continue down.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Was that who I thought it was?
speaker_heading: JERRY (FIREMAN)
dialog: Uh huh.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Has this happened to you before?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Never, but I've been practicing.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: (beat; then...)
dialog: Who are you, Jerry?
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: Just a guy trying to put out a
dialog: fire.
text: They continue down OUT OF SIGHT.
scene_heading: EXT. JERRY'S NEIGHBORHOOD - STREET - NIGHT
text: Jerry dumps the fireman's coat in the trash, jumps in the
text: BMW as Liza TEARS AWAY from the curb.
scene_heading: INT. JERRY'S APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Jonas and his men are walked through the smoldering ruins
text: by a Fire Captain. He pauses at the silver on the walls.
speaker_heading: FIRE CAPTAIN
dialog: See the aluminum stuff? Firewall.
dialog: Guy designed it so he could turn
text: the place into an incinerator.
text: Leaves the rest of the building
text: untouched.
speaker_heading: CIA AGENT
dialog: (stepping up)
dialog: Dr. Jonas, there's something else
dialog: you should see.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Illuminated with flashlights. Jonas enters, stares at
text: the Wonderwall, mainly Liza, a moment before.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: In one hour I want to know what
text: she eats, where she sleeps, the
dialog: name of her gynecologist.
dialog: Everything.
scene_heading: INT. LIZA'S APARTMENT - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: The door opens. Liza enters followed by Jerry. An
text: awkward beat as Jerry looks suspiciously about.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: See? Home safe and sound.
text: They stand there like two teenagers at the end of a date.
text: Liza holds her copy of Conspiracy Theory.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You gave me an hour; now give me a
dialog: day.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Jerry, there's something I have to
dialog: ask you. Actually about a hundred
dialog: things, but we can make progress,
dialog: if you answer one question. To my
dialog: satisfaction.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Shoot.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: It was that painting. The one on
text: the wall.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (embarrassed)
dialog: I didn't mean for you to see it.
text: It's like looking in someone's
dialog: diary and taking it out of
dialog: context. Know what I mean?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: It made me feel like you could see
dialog: inside of me. And I don't know
dialog: how that's possible.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: So what's the question?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: How is it possible?
text: Jerry doesn't answer. He looks around. Trapped. Then
text: he spots a particular doorway...
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Could I, um, could I look at
dialog: something?
text: Without warning for her answer, he walks into...
scene_heading: INT. LIZA'S APARTMENT - SITTING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Big enough for a chair, bookshelves and a treadmill.
text: Jerry steps onto the treadmill. Tentatively, like it
text: might swallow him. He looks forward, then looks back.
dialog: At...
text: A framed 8X10 photo on the bookshelf: Liza, maybe 21
text: years old, in full equestrian gear holding the reins of
text: her horse -- Johnny Dancer. She stands beside an older
text: man who surely must be her father. He's also the "Mr. S"
text: from Jerry's bizarre strobe show.
text: Liza stands in the door.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I'll give you 100 bucks if you
dialog: leave right now.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (steps to photo)
dialog: Is this your dad?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: That was him.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (picks up photo)
dialog: Is he dead?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Please put it down.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: How'd he die?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: He was murdered.
text: Liza tries to keep her cool; it's not easy. Jerry looks
text: from the photo to the treadmill. It's all suddenly
text: clear.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: He's why you punish yourself.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Not this again.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You run with your back to the
dialog: picture. Like you were trying to
dialog: get away. Once in awhile you sing
dialog: along with music, but mostly you
dialog: punish yourself.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: You watch me, don't you?
text: Jerry realizes he's blown it. Liza looks out the window,
text: down to the street.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Where do you stand? In the alley?
dialog: Do you sit in a car? Is it every
dialog: night? What?
text: Jerry counters by pointing out the horse in the photo.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Johnny Dancer, right? You don't
dialog: ride him anymore, do you? Not
dialog: since your dad died.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Fuck you. I know you're crazy,
dialog: but fuck you.
text: Forlorn, Jerry sets the picture back down. The walls of
text: books reminds him of something.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Do you have a copy of that book I
dialog: can borrow? Catcher? I don't
dialog: usually go this long without one.
text: Liza closes her eyes, rubs them.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You got your twenty-four hours.
dialog: Just give me the next eight off.
text: Jerry nods, exits in front of her. She stays put. A few
text: moments pass before we hear her front DOOR OPEN and then
text: CLOSE as Jerry leaves. Liza's eyes flicker over to the
text: treadmill. A moment and then...
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: (re: treadmill)
dialog: Fuck you, too...
text: Liza turns, switches off the light.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. STREET - OUTSIDE LIZA'S BUILDING - NIGHT
text: A drizzle has started to fall. For a street lined with
text: parked cars, it has a rather desolate feel. There's a
text: certain car -- a Crown Victoria. A silhouette behind the
text: wheel. Liza's apartment is being watched.
speaker_heading: CROWN VICTORIA
text: It's Agent Lowry. And in the back seat AGENT MURPHY.
text: They sit in silence, a relaxed, practiced state of alert.
text: Murphy frowns at the RAINDROPS which SPLAT the rear
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: MURPHY
dialog: I'm gonna take a piss in the alley
text: before it starts to pour.
text: Lowry nods, keeps his eyes on the entrance to the
text: apartment. Murphy opens the door. As he climbs out of
text: the back seat, we see a black 9mm in a shoulder harness.
text: A few moments pass. Agent Lowry leans forward to look up
text: to the dark window of Liza's apartment. Behind him, he
text: hearts the back door open, Agent Murphy slide in the back
text: seat. As Lowry leans back:
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: How's your bladder?
text: The barrel of Murphy's black 9mm is pressed squarely
text: against the side of Lowry's head.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Not bad.
dialog: (cocks hammer)
dialog: How's yours?
dialog: It's Jerry in the back seat! But Lowry's a pretty cool
text: customer. He regards Jerry evenly in the rearview.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: Lot of folks are looking for you.
text: Lowry's hand inches toward a .45 on the front seat.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Then you must be the smart one.
text: Hands on the steering wheel.
text: A little nudge of the 9mm and Lowry does as he's told.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: You're welcome. Where's my
dialog: partner?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I like that. A gun to your head
dialog: and you ask about your partner.
dialog: He's okay. May have a headache
dialog: for a few days. Are you here with
dialog: honorable intentions?
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: I'm not sure what you mean.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You should think of me as Liza
text: Sutton's guardian angel.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: That's ironic. Because we're here
dialog: to protect her from you.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You're here because you figured I
dialog: might show up.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: It seemed like a possibility.
dialog: What about your intentions? Are
dialog: they honorable?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I'm not a violent man, Mr. Lowry.
dialog: Not by nature, anyhow. But if you
dialog: hurt Liza in any way, I'll kill
dialog: you. Does that seem honorable?
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: Well, I don't know if --
text: Jerry creases the back of his head with the gun barrel.
text: As Lowry slumps unconscious, Jerry starts out, then
dialog: pauses.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Are you pretending?
text: It sure doesn't seem so. Till Jerry cocks back the
dialog: hammer.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: (all but motionless)
dialog: Yes.
text: Jerry whacks him again. Jerry's about to go when the
text: front door to Liza's building opens and Liza steps out in
text: her running gear.
text: Jerry crouches, but he needn't bother. She's not looking
text: his way. As she takes off down the street:
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Shit...
text: Jerry pulls Lowry over to the passenger's seat, then
text: climbs into the driver's seat. He starts the car, then
text: rolls out after her.
speaker_heading: LIZA
text: runs. Looks every inch the athlete as she moves. Her
text: feet splash through the growing puddles as she's off the
text: curb and on the street.
scene_heading: CROWN VICTORIA - JERRY
text: Jerry "talks" to Lowry as he drives, shadowing Liza.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: She shouldn't be outside at night.
dialog: What's she doing?
dialog: (looks to Lowry)
dialog: I know you can hear me.
speaker_heading: LIZA
text: cuts through a gap in the wall and enters Central Park.
scene_heading: CROWN VICTORIA - JERRY
text: As he stops short, Lowry slams into the dash. He turns,
text: rides along looking for a place to turn into the park.
text: And then she's gone from sight. Jerry abandons Lowry and
text: the car in the middle of the street and takes off on
dialog: foot.
speaker_heading: PARK - LIZA
text: Moving between the trees. Elusive. Tireless.
scene_heading: PARK - JERRY
text: Gasping. It takes everything he's got to keep her in
text: sight. He strips off his jacket to lighten the load.
speaker_heading: STREET
text: As Liza exits the park, continues on her way, unaware
dialog: that behind her...
text: Jerry collapses against the wall. Taking each breath
text: like it was his last, he watches as she disappears from
text: sight. Finally, as he staggers out of the park...
scene_heading: INT. BARNES AND NOBLE BOOKSTORE (MANHATTAN) - NIGHT
text: Jerry down the aisles. Getting desperate. Finally, the
dialog: classics section. Moby Dick. Pilgrim's Progress. Of
dialog: Mice And Men. Bingo! The Catcher In The Rye. One copy
text: left. Jerry grabs it. Whew...
speaker_heading: CASH REGISTER
text: The clerk waits as Jerry steps up, hands him the book.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Been a long day.
text: The clerk nods, picks up a scanner, runs it over the bar
text: code on the back of the book.
scene_heading: IMMEDIATE CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. COMPUTER SURVEILLANCE ROOM (SOMEWHERE) - NIGHT
text: Three bleary-eyed TECHNICIANS sit up and take notice as
text: an alarm goes off on one of several computer screens.
speaker_heading: TECH #1
dialog: Somebody bought one!
text: The second Technician watches as city grid maps flash
text: across his computer screen. It narrows to a single
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: TECH #2
dialog: Barnes and Noble. McKinley
dialog: Avenue.
text: Tech #3 grabs a radio mic.
speaker_heading: TECH #3
dialog: CLEET code 115. Location is 11-
dialog: 546 McKinley. Barnes and Noble.
dialog: Keep collateral damage minimum.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. BARNES AND NOBLE - NIGHT
text: The clerk hands Jerry his bag, thanks him. Jerry starts
text: out. Throwing the bag in the trash, he's out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. BARNES AND NOBLE - NIGHT
text: Jerry walks down the street, reading.
text: A popular area, there are still quite a few people about.
text: Suddenly the pages flutter in Jerry's hand. Trash swirls
text: at his feet. He stops, slowly looks up as he hears the
scene_heading: HELICOPTER.
text: Black, no running lights, equipped with a sound damper.
text: It descends quickly over the intersection. Silky black
text: cords drop. Traffic snarls as CLEET COMMANDOS slide
dialog: down.
text: Four of them. Plainclothed with discreet com-headsets.
text: Wearing jackets, we catch glimpses of the equipment slung
text: on their hips, including machine pistols. Each has a 2X3
text: piece of paper taped to his wrist. Like NFL quarterbacks
text: with the plays, except the papers are photos of Jerry.
text: The helicopter is gone so fast some people haven't even
text: noticed. The commandos disperse into the crowd, refer to
text: their wrists as they advance in Jerry's direction.
text: Jerry hightails it the opposite way, tries not to
text: attract attention. He pulls up in front of a movie
text: theater as a second chopper swoops in to drop four more
text: commandos at the south intersection. The street has been
text: sealed off.
text: Jerry stands there a beat, not sure what to do.
text: Something makes him look across the street where CLEET #1
text: pulls up, looks over at him. As CLEET #1 refers to his
text: wrist photo, Jerry dashes into the theater.
scene_heading: INT. FLIGHT DECK - THIRD HELICOPTER - NIGHT
text: In a hurry. The skyline whizzes past as Jonas listens in
text: on his headphones.
speaker_heading: CLEET #1 (V.O.)
dialog: I repeat. Target has entered the
dialog: theater.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Oswald tried the same tactic, if I
dialog: recall.
scene_heading: INT. THEATER - NIGHT
text: Nearly a full house. Jerry sits near the front,
text: nervously looking back over his shoulder, watching the
dialog: aisle.
text: Four CLEETs appear silhouetted at the entrance. As they
text: start down, checking faces...
text: As the manager drones, people head for the aisles. Jerry
text: moves for the emergency exit. Sticking out like a sore
text: thumb as the emergency door opens and a shadowy figure
text: steps inside the alcove. A CLEET commando.
text: He spots Jerry, starts forward.
speaker_heading: CLEET #3
dialog: (into com-set)
text: He's in the third theater.
text: Jerry starts back through what's been an orderly
dialog: proceeding.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Bomb! There's a bomb in here!
text: As the cry of "Bomb!" gets taken up, panic spreads. No
text: one gets trampled, but the shoving is fierce. As the
text: CLEETs fight their way down, Jerry heads for the rear
text: exit. A few other patrons go that way as well.
scene_heading: EXT. ALLEY - BEHIND THEATER
text: Jerry exits with a solid head-start, but as he turns
text: there's a CLEET in the alley. Checking faces -- not
text: looking Jerry's way yet. Jerry keeps close behind
text: another patron, then darts out, swings the CLEET face
text: first into the wall.
text: As the CLEET draws his machine-pistol, Jerry slams his
text: face once, twice into the wall. As the CLEET drops,
text: Jerry makes eye contact with a woman who watches aghast.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I didn't like his looks. Did you?
text: As she shakes her head "no," Jerry continues on his way.
scene_heading: EXT. THEATER - NIGHT
text: A big crowd. As police cars pull up, the CLEET commandos
text: exchange a look. Removing their headsets, they disperse,
text: dissolving into the crowd like they were never even here.
scene_heading: INT. LIZA'S APARTMENT - BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: She's asleep. All seems peaceful. Then, low WHISPERING.
text: It STOPS, STARTS again. Low, conspiratorial, cabalistic.
text: Liza tosses, turns in her sleep. A shadow seems to pass
text: over her. But as she wakes up, the WHISPERING FADES.
text: Liza sits up, a bit spooked. She cocks her head,
text: listens. Was that a click in the other room. Unsure,
text: she gets up, heads for the door.
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM
text: Filled with long, dark shadows. Liza steps out, puts a
text: hand on the light switch. Steeling herself, she switches
text: them on. The room is empty.
speaker_heading: SITTING ROOM
text: Liza sticks her head in. Empty.
speaker_heading: BATHROOM
text: Lights go on. No one here. Liza slowly pulls back the
text: shower curtain. Nothing. She switches the lights off.
speaker_heading: LIVING ROOM
text: Liza returns from the kitchen, something in her hand.
text: Stepping to the door, she first checks to make sure it's
text: locked. Then she balances an empty bottle upside down on
text: the knob. She looks at it a second, shakes her head.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I'm turning into Jerry.
text: Switching off the lights, she exits for the bedroom.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. JUSTICE DEPARTMENT - BINOCULAR POV - DAY
text: as Liza starts up the steps. Being watched.
scene_heading: INT. SURVEILLANCE VAN - DAY
text: Two surveillance drones monitor Liza's movements.
scene_heading: BINOCULAR POV - SURVEILLANCE VAN
text: Someone's watching the watchers.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON JERRY
text: Observing the van through a pair of binoculars. It's
text: difficult to say where he is.
scene_heading: INT. ACROSS STREET - COFFEE SHOP - DAY
text: Jerry stands at the window, looking through a small
dialog: telescope.
scene_heading: INT. JUSTICE DEPARTMENT - WILSON'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Wilson looks across his desk to where Liza stands.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: I've been given a cease and desist
dialog: on all matters relating to Jerry
dialog: Fletcher. We're not to discuss
dialog: him with the press, the N.Y.P.D.,
dialog: anyone. Building police are to
dialog: arrest him on sight and we're to
dialog: report any attempt he makes to
dialog: contact you.
speaker_heading: LIZA
text: This doesn't make sense.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: It makes perfect sense. Field
dialog: work is not our oeuvre.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I don't like it. Something's
dialog: wrong.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Dr. Jonas thought you might be
dialog: inclined not to cooperate. Why is
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: We don't know who Jonas is. We
dialog: don't know who it is we're
text: cooperating with.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: I've had a lot of credentials
dialog: flashed in my face, Liza. What I
dialog: saw yesterday, I know not to ask
dialog: questions. We're out. Shut off.
dialog: Terminated. Understood?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: -- Understood.
scene_heading: INT. JUSTICE DEPARTMENT - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Liza strides down the hall. LAWYERS, seen earlier in the
text: conference room, are talking. One looks over as Liza
text: nears.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: Liza, settle a bet for us.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: (snaps)
dialog: What do I look like to you?
dialog: Switzerland?
text: They all lean a little closer to the wall, make sure she
dialog: has room to pass.
text: As Liza passes her secretary, Jill.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Any messages?
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: Nothing so far, Liza.
scene_heading: INT. LIZA'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Liza enters, she looks at her equestrian photo a moment,
text: then BUZZES the INTERCOM.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You're sure?
speaker_heading: JILL (V.O.)
dialog: (over intercom)
dialog: Not a thing.
text: Sighing, Liza opens her briefcase, pulls out the
text: Conspiracy Theory newsletter and Jerry's subscriber list.
text: Sitting at her desk, she turns on her computer.
scene_heading: EXT. ACROSS FROM JUSTICE BUILDING - SIDEWALK - DAY
text: Lunchtime. A big crowd on the street. Among them --
text: Jerry. He wears a baseball cap, heads right for the van.
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: Can't see the forest for the trees.
text: He holds a six inch length of steel rebar and a coil of
text: wire cable. He passes the van. No one in the front. At
text: the rear quarter, Jerry bends down to tie his shoes.
scene_heading: INT. SURVEILLANCE VAN
text: The DRONES hunch over a speaker as a reel-to-reel
text: records. We hear a TELEPHONE RING, a WOMAN'S VOICE say
dialog: "Hello?"
speaker_heading: LIZA (V.O.)
dialog: (over speaker)
dialog: I'd like to speak to Mr. Ketcham.
speaker_heading: WOMAN (V.O.)
dialog: This is Mrs. Ketcham.
scene_heading: INT. LIZA'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Liza's on the phone, unaware it's a party line.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Hi, Mrs. Ketcham. Your husband
dialog: subscribes to our newsletter. I'd
dialog: like to ask him if he'd like to
dialog: renew his subscription.
scene_heading: INT. SURVEILLANCE VAN - DAY
text: Where they listen, unaware of Jerry.
speaker_heading: MRS. KETCHAM (WOMAN) (V.O.)
dialog: My husband's dead. He was killed
text: two nights ago in a car accident.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDEWALK - SURVEILLANCE VAN - DAY
text: On one end, the cable is sinched around the middle of the
text: length of the rebar. Jerry slides the bar through the
text: center hole of a manhole cover. The other end has a loop
text: which he attaches to the van's undercarriage. Shoes
text: tied, Jerry rises, continues on his way.
scene_heading: INT. LIZA'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Liza crosses the name Ketcham off the subscriber list.
text: There's just one name left: Henry Finch. In St. Louis.
text: Liza looks up as her office door opens and Jill carries
text: in a bouquet. Sunflowers -- seven of them.
speaker_heading: JILL
dialog: They just came for you.
text: Liza opens the car: Go out front. Take the westbound
dialog: bus.
text: Liza stands, grabs her cell phone off the desk.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Jill, I'm expecting a call from
dialog: the post office in St. Louis.
dialog: Transfer it to me when it comes.
scene_heading: INT. SURVEILLANCE VAN - DAY
text: The Drones watch as Liza exits and heads for the bus
text: stop. As Drone #1 moves up into the driver's seat, Drone
text: #2 makes a call.
speaker_heading: DRONE #2
text: Subject is on the move.
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STOP - DAY
text: A bus pulls up and Liza gets on.
scene_heading: EXT. SURVEILLANCE VAN - DAY
text: Facing the other way. As it pulls out, the wire
text: unspools.
scene_heading: INSERT - INSIDE MANHOLE
text: The wire whips up until the piece of rebar hits the hole.
speaker_heading: STREET
text: The 155 pound manhole cover pops loose, bounces along
text: behind the van. As the van pulls a U-turn, the MANHOLE
text: whips around, SLAMS in the door of a parked car.
speaker_heading: VAN
text: Drone #1 checks the side mirror, spots the manhole cover
text: bouncing along behind. He HITS the BRAKES. The van
text: stops, but the MANHOLE keeps coming. It SLAMS the rear
text: of the van, tears a three-foot gash before CLANGING to
dialog: the ground.
text: Drone #2 jumps out, tries to lift the manhole to thread
text: the rebar out. As he struggles, Drone #1 hits the HORN.
speaker_heading: DRONE #1
dialog: We're losing her!
text: Giving up, Drone #2 gets back in the van. They take off.
text: The MANHOLE CLANGS along behind them, sideswipes a car.
text: That draws the attention of a police cruiser coming the
text: opposite direction. As the cherry lights flip on, the
text: manhole takes out the cruiser's windshield.
text: As the van turns the corner, the manhole wraps around a
text: pole. As the rear axle tears free of the van...
scene_heading: EXT. BUS STOP #2 - DAY
text: Jerry waits as the bus approaches, stops. Down the
text: street, the cops approach the van. Smiling, Jerry boards
dialog: the bus.
scene_heading: INT. BUS - DAY (ROLLING)
text: Jerry walks to the back, sits beside Liza.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Did you see the van back there?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: (turning)
dialog: What van?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Never mind. You'd think I was
dialog: making it up.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Where'd you get your subscribers?
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: I put an ad on a computer bulletin
dialog: board. I log on at the library so
dialog: I can't be traced.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Well, I've been tracking them down
dialog: all morning.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You haven't been bothering them,
dialog: have you?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: They're dead. Four out of five
dialog: anyhow. All in the last 24 hours.
dialog: One car accident, two heart
text: attacks and a stroke.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Jesus... It's my fault. They drew
text: a black line over me and now I'm
text: passing it on.
dialog: (realizes)
dialog: I'm passing it to you, too.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I'll be fine. Let's worry about
dialog: Henry Finch. P.O. Box in St.
text: Louis. He's the last on the list.
dialog: I haven't been able to reach him
dialog: yet.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Maybe you better not try... I
dialog: worked so hard to keep quiet.
dialog: Like a mouse. I should have
dialog: realized.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Realized what?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Henry Finch. That they monitor
dialog: everything. That it was only a
dialog: matter of time. And now four
text: people are dead.
text: Liza reaches into her pocket, takes out the newsletter.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Elaborate on 'they,' okay?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: There are all kinds of groups, all
dialog: kinds of initials. But they're
text: all part of two warring factions.
dialog: One: families that have held
dialog: wealth for centuries.
dialog: They want one thing. Stability.
dialog: Group Two: the boat rockers.
dialog: Eisenhower's military industrial
dialog: complex. They want instability.
dialog: It's a trillion dollar a year
dialog: business. When there isn't a hot
dialog: war, they make a cold one.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Cold War's over, Jerry.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: So now they feed us terrorists.
dialog: To create fear. How much do you
dialog: think an airport security system
dialog: goes for? Then multiply it by
dialog: every airport in the country.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: And you think Group One is at war
dialog: with Group Two.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Latest casualty? Ernest Harriman.
dialog: You heard of him?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Sure. One of the richest men in
dialog: America until he died a few days
dialog: ago.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: His obituary was in every paper.
dialog: But not one of them said he was
dialog: murdered.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Murdered?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Right here in Manhattan.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: It said in the paper he drowned in
text: a swimming pool. In Newport.
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: Nobody dies in Newport. They
dialog: couldn't even kill Sunny von Bulow
text: there. Harriman drowned, but it
dialog: wasn't in Newport.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Where then?
scene_heading: INT. 7TH AVENUE SUBWAY STATION - DAY
text: Jerry and Liza stand amidst the hustle and bustle.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Right here. In the 7th Street
dialog: subway station.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: What was he doing down here? A
dialog: billionaire waiting for the
dialog: subway? Why not drown him in a
dialog: bus? Why drown him at all? Why
dialog: not shoot him? Is the hitman from
dialog: the lost world of Atlantis? I
dialog: mean, come on.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I see the big picture and you
text: stumble around in the details.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: They're big details, Jerry.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Do you watch the news? Read the
dialog: paper. Last week, this whole
dialog: place was underwater.
speaker_heading: LIZA
text: A water main broke.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: They don't break in the summer!
dialog: Do you know what building is right
dialog: over this spot? Harriman Tower.
dialog: Their sub-basement was flooded!
dialog: He didn't die in a pool. Call the
dialog: coroner in Rhode Island! Ask if
text: the water in his lungs was
dialog: chlorinated!
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Okay, I will.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You will?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: If that's what you want. Yes.
text: She means it sincerely. She'll help. Jerry's touched.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I don't know what to say.
dialog: (blurts)
dialog: I love you.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: What?
text: A spontaneous moment. Jerry's barely sure he said it.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I -- It's like, I resolve to call
dialog: you up 1000 times a day. To ask
dialog: you if you'll marry me in some
dialog: old-fashioned way.
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Everything you do is magic.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Those are song lyrics, Jerry.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I know that. I'm just -- I'm
dialog: nervous. I reached out and
text: grabbed the first thing out there.
dialog: I know they're song lyrics. And I
dialog: know how I feel.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I like you, Jerry. A lot.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Oh, Christ, here it comes. Look,
dialog: I know you think I'm crazy. I
dialog: don't think I am, but...
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Jerry, I --
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: What if I reached a point where
dialog: you didn't think I was crazy
dialog: anymore? If I was normal.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: If you were eating Kentucky Fried
dialog: Chicken and drinking Coca-Cola
dialog: again.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Yeah... Would you, I mean, could
dialog: you love me then? If I was
dialog: normal. Maybe?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Don't do this to yourself. Jerry.
dialog: You don't love me.
text: Jerry shakes his head.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You're wrong. Since I met you, I
dialog: don't dream about holes anymore.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Holes? I don't know what you're
dialog: talking about.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Yesterday you were wondering about
dialog: the wall. How it was possible.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Now's not really the time to get
dialog: into this --
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: It's Geronimo. Love. It lets you
dialog: see things. It gives you insight.
dialog: I've loved you since the first
dialog: time I saw you.
text: After a long beat...
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: And when was that? Was it that
dialog: night I got mugged? Or was it
dialog: before then?
text: Jerry looks away.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Answer me. Was the first time you
dialog: saw me the first time I saw you?
dialog: Was it? You've been following me
dialog: around. Do you see how that could
dialog: be disconcerting to me? That's
dialog: not love, Jerry. It's obsession.
dialog: And it isn't normal and you can't
dialog: expect me to respond to it and you
dialog: can't expect me to feel the same
dialog: way.
dialog: (long beat)
dialog: Can you?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I would never hurt you, Liza.
dialog: Think whatever you want, but don't
dialog: think that.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I don't. I know you wouldn't.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I thought you -- Why -- Love ruins
dialog: everything, doesn't it?
text: Jerry starts off through the crowd.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Jerry? Come back.
text: Jerry starts to run. Liza starts after him, but she runs
text: into a commuter, then another. Jerry's lost in the
dialog: crowd.
text: The subway is about to leave. As Jerry gets on, Liza
text: spots him. The doors close. The train rolls. She moves
text: alongside, tries to get his attention, but he won't look
dialog: over.
scene_heading: SUBWAY TRAIN
text: Jerry finally looks back. He sees Liza an instant before
text: entering the tunnel, then a row of white strobe lights on
text: the tunnel wall. Jerry tries to blink them out as the
text: sound of conspiratorial whispers fill the train. He
text: looks about. It's all suddenly unreal. Certain
text: passengers turn their heads, leer at him.
scene_heading: FLASH CUT TO:
speaker_heading: SUBJECTIVE POV
text: Mr. S. Mr. Sutton. Liza's father. Standing at a white
text: horse fence. His BACK TO us as whoever it is comes up
text: from behind. As a pistol is raised INTO FRAME, the
text: WHISPERING GROWS IN VOLUME. Mr. Sutton turns and
text: somewhere along the way, it BECOMES A SCREAM.
scene_heading: INT. 7TH AVENUE SUBWAY STATION - DAY
text: Liza stands there, curses herself as the last of the
text: train is swallowed by the tunnel. This isn't how she
text: meant things to turn out. Then, her CELL PHONE RINGS.
text: She takes it from her pocket, flips it open.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Hello?
speaker_heading: JILL (V.O.)
dialog: Liza, we got a call from the P.O.
dialog: in St. Louis. The mail for Henry
dialog: Finch is being forwarded. Right
dialog: here to Manhattan.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Where?
scene_heading: EXT. FEDERAL BUILDING (MANHATTAN) - DAY
text: The same place where Jerry followed Clarke and Piper in
text: the beginning. As Liza enters...
speaker_heading: JILL (V.O.)
dialog: The International Fund For Mergers
dialog: and Acquisitions.
scene_heading: INT. FEDERAL BUILDING - LOBBY - DAY
text: Liza steps to the building's directory, slides a finger
text: across. The Central Intelligence Agency occupies the
text: 18th to the 22nd floors. Just like Jerry saw. Liza
text: drops her finger down... The 24th floor -- The
dialog: International Fund For Mergers and Acquisitions.
scene_heading: EXT. 24TH FLOOR - HALLWAY - DAY
text: Liza gets off the elevator, heads over to the door to the
text: I.F.M.A. What's really behind here? Liza takes a
text: breath, grabs the doorknob to find out.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL FUND FOR MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS -
speaker_heading: DAY
text: A group of bureaucrats pass by discussing interest rates.
text: Liza steps over to a RECEPTIONIST.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I'm here to see Henry Finch.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Henry Finch.
text: The Receptionist looks her over a moment.
speaker_heading: RECEPTIONIST
dialog: Is he expecting you?
text: Jackpot! Liza, dropdead official, flashes her
dialog: credentials.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I'm Ms. Sutton with the Justice
dialog: Department. Could you tell Mr.
dialog: Finch I need to see him at once.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - DAY
text: A SECRETARY leads Liza past cubicles full of clerks going
text: about business. They come to a door. Finch. They
dialog: enter.
speaker_heading: FINCH'S OFFICE
text: No one's at the desk, but the door to the adjoining
text: bathroom is open. Liza can hear WATER RUNNING in the
speaker_heading: SINK.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: He'll be right with you.
text: The Secretary exits, closing the door behind her. Liza
text: watches the bathroom door, apprehensive as she hears the
text: WATER TURN OFF. A prolonged moment before ...
text: Dr. Jonas exits the bathroom. He looks at her, smiles.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: If you're as impressed to see me
dialog: as I am to see you, you're very
dialog: impressed indeed. How's Jerry
dialog: feeling this morning?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Fine. What the hell is going on?
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Please, sit.
text: Liza sits across from the desk. Jonas watches her
dialog: closely.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: What I'm about to tell you is
dialog: partially documented. The Freedom
dialog: of Information Act saw to that.
dialog: But much more of it isn't. For
dialog: reasons which will soon be
dialog: regrettably clear, I'm going to
dialog: share -- secrets -- with you.
dialog: Repeat any of it and you'll simply
dialog: bestow the title of 'paranoid'
dialog: upon yourself.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Truth'll set you free. I'm
dialog: listening.
text: Jonas smiles sadly, turns his alumni ring around his
dialog: finger.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Years ago, I worked for the C.I.A.
dialog: in the M.K. ULTRA program. Are
dialog: you familiar with it?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: It was mind control. Manchurian
dialog: Candidate kind of stuff, right?
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: A vulgar pop term, but yes. Take
text: an ordinary man and turn him into
dialog: an assassin. That was our goal.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Ask what you can do for your
dialog: country. That kind of thing.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: (ignores comment)
dialog: M.K. ULTRA was terminated in 1973.
dialog: But not the research. It was
text: renamed. EX CATCHER.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: As in Catcher in the Rye?
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: I am impressed. We used the
text: distinctive cover as a sort of
dialog: mental flash card.
text: Jonas steps over, his tone growing more confidential.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: We experimented with
dialog: hallucinogens. We used electro-
dialog: shock to produce a vegetative
dialog: state. We conducted terminal
dialog: experiments in sensory
dialog: deprivation.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Terminal?
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: As in 'resulting in death.' We
dialog: pushed the envelope until it
dialog: wasn't even an envelope anymore.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: If I had any idea what to charge
dialog: you with or how to prove it, I'd
dialog: arrest you right here.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Me? I was a minor missionary, a
dialog: heretic really. But where else
dialog: could a red-blooded American boy
dialog: lie, cheat, steal and kill with
dialog: the sanction and blessings of the
dialog: All-Highs? Besides, now I'm
dialog: trying to pay my penance.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Missionary? Penance? You talk
dialog: about it like it was a religion.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: It was. It was.
text: Jonas says it almost sadly.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Jerry told me he bit your nose.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: And what did I say?
speaker_heading: LIZA
text: A dog.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: My dog. One I intend to put to
dialog: sleep. Extrapolate from there.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: These things you're talking about.
dialog: You did them to Jerry?
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Yes, that's right.
text: Liza looks at Jonas with revulsion. A moment.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Why don't you continue with your
dialog: religious experiences?
text: Jonas smiles, nods in acquiescence.
speaker_heading: JONAS
scene_heading: M.K. ULTRA, EX CATCHER, it all
dialog: ended the moment John Hinckley
dialog: shot Ronald Reagan.
text: He sees her eyes widen.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: It wasn't us. The science had
text: been sold. Pandora's Box opened.
dialog: My children were taken from me and
dialog: employed by the private sector.
dialog: Jerry was one of them.
text: A long beat as they consider each other. We hear the
text: CLOCK TICK on the credenza.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I'm still listening.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Jerry is dangerous. Jerry has
dialog: killed --
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I don't believe you.
text: Jonas looks a bit melancholy as he smiles, shrugs.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Belief is immaterial. What's
dialog: important is the truth... It's
dialog: been my job to find Jerry. I'm
dialog: very much responsible for him.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: If this was a spy novel, your next
dialog: words would be something like I
dialog: now know too much to live. Why
dialog: are you telling me all this?
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: So you'll believe what I tell you
dialog: next. Because I need to find
dialog: Jerry. And I don't think I can do
dialog: that without you.
text: Jonas reaches into a file on his desk, hands Liza a worn,
text: creased wallet-sized photo.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Do you recognize this?
text: It's a smaller version of the photo of Liza and her
text: father that Liza keeps behind the treadmill. Liza's
text: stunned.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Where'd you get it?
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: You do recognize it then?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: It was my father's. Kept it in
dialog: his wallet. He was murdered --
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: I know the story. A federal
dialog: judge. He denied a man in prison
dialog: an appeal for a new trial.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Not a man. Ezekiel Walters.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Walters had nothing to do with
dialog: your father's murder.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You sound so sure.
text: Jonas doesn't answer. Liza looks at the photo. Jonas'
dialog: watches -- the observer.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: When they found him, he was
text: holding his wallet.
dialog: But he hadn't been robbed.
dialog: (to Jonas)
dialog: The only thing missing was this
dialog: photo. Where did you find it?
text: Jonas picks up a keyring, holds up an odd-shaped key.
speaker_heading: JONAS
text: In Jerry's safety deposit box.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I don't understand.
text: Jonas is coldly paternal as...
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Jerry killed your father, Liza.
dialog: And he's been obsessed with you
dialog: ever since... It's not even really
dialog: his fault. The blame is mine.
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Liza looks up at the ceiling, the walls. Like a bird in
text: a cage as it sinks in. She blinks out a tear. Another.
dialog: No place to hide. Jerry.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: It all makes sense. Oh God. He
text: killed him. Jerry killed him.
text: Liza gulps a breath, covers her mouth with her hand.
dialog: She's going to be sick.
text: Jonas sees it. Like he's done it before, he turns his
text: trash can over, dumps the contents, hands it to her
text: empty.
scene_heading: PHOTO OF LIZA AND HER FATHER
text: TIGHTEN ON it as we hear LIZA RETCH. Painfully. Like
text: glass was coming up.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE - CLOSE ON BUSINESS END OF TELESCOPE - DAY
text: Jerry on the other end. He stands at a half-washed
text: window with a bucket of soapy water and a squeegee,
text: stares up the street at ...
scene_heading: TELESCOPE POV - BLINDFOLDED JUSTICE
text: PAN DOWN the building TO the street. Two operatives wait
text: in a black sedan. PAN UP and ACROSS the street. Two
text: more operatives in a second black sedan facing the
text: opposite direction. The VIEW SWINGS AROUND.
scene_heading: TELESCOPE POV - HELICOPTER
text: Black. On a helipad two blocks away. An eight member
text: plainclothed CLEET unit milling. The VIEW SWINGS again
text: TO an adjacent rooftop. Two last operatives stand at the
text: edge, headphones on, scanning the area with parabolic
text: microphones.
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: Smiles grimly.
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: At least someone's finally taking
dialog: me seriously.
text: Spotting something below, Jerry raises the telescope.
scene_heading: TELESCOPE POV - STREET
text: A truck shaped like a slice of pizza pulls up. As the
text: pizza guy climbs out.
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: Checks his watch, smiles. Pizza's right on time. He
text: turns, starts out. A hand clamps down on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Hey!
text: WIDEN to include a BIG MAN. As Jerry balls a fist ...
speaker_heading: BIG MAN
dialog: (gesturing)
dialog: You call that a clean window?
scene_heading: JUSTICE DEPARTMENT - WILSON'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Wilson and Liza and Jonas and various hovering aides sit
text: in silence.
text: Waiting for something to happen. Liza jumps as the door
text: opens. WILSON'S SECRETARY steps in with the pizza.
speaker_heading: WILSON'S SECRETARY
dialog: Ms. Sutton's pizza, sir.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I didn't order... a pizza.
text: As Liza realizes, Jonas is already waving the Secretary
text: in. He grabs the box, sets it in front of Liza. She
text: looks at Wilson, then opens it. Pepperoni. With a note
text: on top.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Go to the northeast corner. Call
dialog: a cab. Bring the pizza.
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: Then there's a poem.
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Roses are red, violets are blue,
dialog: if the Pope goes to Washington, I
dialog: would, too.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: What the hell does that mean?
text: As Liza hands Wilson the note.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Somebody find out if the Pope's
dialog: scheduled to visit Washington?!
text: As people scramble, Jonas looks across at Liza.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: If you're up to it, I'd like to
dialog: follow him. See where he goes.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: No, hold on. I don't think --
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: It's okay. I'm game.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: (re: pizza box)
dialog: I want this box rigged with a
dialog: beacon!
scene_heading: EXT. JUSTICE DEPARTMENT - DAY
text: Liza exits carrying the pizza. MOVE WITH her as she
text: heads to the NE corner. She has no sooner raised her
text: hand when a Yellow Cab pulls up at the curb. Jerry
text: behind the wheel.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Where to, lady?
text: Liza hesitates a beat, then gets in on the passenger
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You tell me.
text: The cab rolls. A sedan follows; the second pulls a
dialog: U-turn.
scene_heading: EXT. HELIPAD - DAY
text: The helicopter lifts off.
scene_heading: EXT. COMMAND VAN - PARKED BEHIND JUSTICE - DAY
text: A big box van. Jonas and Wilson enter. A dot (the
text: beacon) flashes on a city grid. They roll.
scene_heading: EXT. YELLOW CAB - HELICOPTER POV
text: Driving the city grid. There are other taxis down here,
dialog: but not so many that they'll be lost.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - COCKPIT - DAY
text: The PILOT flies. His SPOTTER is on the radio.
speaker_heading: SPOTTER
text: Rolling east. Fender number 1301.
scene_heading: INT. SEDAN ONE - ROLLING - DAY
text: One of the Operatives on the radio.
speaker_heading: OPERATIVE
text: We're on him. Seventy-five yards
dialog: back.
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND VAN - ROLLING - DAY
text: Wilson and Jonas listen as the OPERATIVES AND the SPOTTER
text: TALK BACK AND FORTH.
scene_heading: INT. YELLOW CAB - ROLLING - DAY
text: Liza instinctively sits as close to the door as possible.
text: Not noticing, Jerry grabs a piece of pizza, eats.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: It's good. Have some.
text: She waves him off.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: How'd they like that thing about
dialog: the pope? I made it up. Threw it
dialog: in there to get 'em going.
text: Liza doesn't answer. It's no longer cute. She anxiously
text: starts to check the side mirror. Catches herself.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You look great.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: (flat)
dialog: Thanks.
text: Liza looks away, can barely stand this.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Are you okay? I wish I hadn't
dialog: told you what I did. But I can't
dialog: help the way I feel. You don't
dialog: hold that against me, do you?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: No. That wouldn't be fair. Where
dialog: are we going, Jerry?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: It would be a lot easier for me to
dialog: show you instead of tell you. But
dialog: first things first.
text: Jerry checks his rearview mirror, looking for the car.
text: Liza feigns ignorance.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: There's a car following us.
dialog: Probably another one flanking us
text: the next street over.
text: Jerry leans forward to look upwards through the
dialog: windshield.
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: And somewhere up top, a chopper.
text: Liza looks up as well, her acting convincing.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: They think they're so smart...
dialog: Actually, they are.
scene_heading: EXT. HELICOPTER - DAY
text: 1000 feet above. Tough to lose.
scene_heading: EXT. YELLOW CAB - ROLLING - DAY
text: The light ahead goes yellow. The cab speeds up. Red
text: light. The car ahead stops. The cab weaves around,
text: squeezes the intersection just ahead of the cross
dialog: traffic.
scene_heading: INT. SEDAN ONE - DAY
text: Turns into the oncoming lane to follow, but is forced
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: OPERATIVE
dialog: He made us!
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - COCKPIT - DAY
dialog: No problems up here.
speaker_heading: SPOTTER
dialog: We've got him. He's headed for
dialog: the bridge.
text: Down below and ahead, the Queensboro Bridge.
scene_heading: EXT. SEDAN TWO - ROLLING - DAY
text: Flanking as Jerry thought, they turn left ahead of where
text: Sedan One is stuck in traffic.
speaker_heading: OPERATIVE #2
dialog: We're on him!
scene_heading: INT. COMMAND VAN - ROLLING - DAY
text: Watching the blip, Jonas gets on the air.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Jonas to ground units. The
text: helicopter has him. Hang back and
dialog: let him think he lost you.
scene_heading: INT. SEDAN TWO - ROLLING - DAY
text: Following orders, they slow.
scene_heading: INT. YELLOW CAB (QUEENSBORO BRIDGE) - SUNSET
text: They turn onto the ramp for the bridge. Headed for the
text: lower section of the double-decker.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: We're going to Queens?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Not today.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - COCKPIT - SUNSET
text: They watch as the Yellow Cab disappears from sight.
speaker_heading: SPOTTER
text: On the bridge. Lower level.
text: As they ZOOM over it...
scene_heading: INT. YELLOW CAB (BRIDGE) - SUNSET
text: Halfway across it. Without warning, Jerry locks it up,
text: whips the wheel around. Liza screams as the cab slides
dialog: sideways.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE - BRONX-BOUND LANES - SUNSET
text: HORNS BLARE. The cab blocks traffic. Jerry exits,
text: shouts for Liza to follow. The grabs the pizza box,
text: joins him at the center guardrail.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Now what?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: This way.
text: Jerry climbs over the median, drops over to the other
text: side. He holds out his hand. She pauses, then takes it.
text: As she goes over, she drops the pizza box. She reaches
text: for it, but Jerry pulls her along.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Forget it! I'll buy you another
dialog: one!
scene_heading: MANHATTAN-BOUND LANES
text: already slow with commuters. Across the lanes, an
text: abandoned car, it's rear end up on a jack.
text: Jerry raises a cautionary hand to traffic, starts across
text: with Liza in tow. He steps over to the abandoned car.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: After you.
dialog: (as she hesitates)
dialog: It's okay. I'm the one who left
dialog: it here.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Where are we going, Jerry?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Connecticut.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: What's in Connecticut?
text: Jerry takes her arm, guides her in.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I don't mean to be mysterious, but
dialog: you'll know when we get there.
text: Jerry, behind the wheel, STARTS the CAR. Suddenly, he
text: stares to the left, transfixed. Liza follows his gaze,
text: but the only thing apparent are the three red-and-white
text: smokestacks of the Con-Edison plant.
text: But before Liza can ask, Jerry snaps out of it.
text: The front-wheel-drive digs in. The jack spits loose and
text: the rear end hits the asphalt. As they blend into
dialog: traffic.
scene_heading: EXT. HELICOPTER - SUNSET
text: Waiting over the Jersey-end of the bridge, no idea of
text: what's going on. The Spotter realizes ...
speaker_heading: SPOTTER
dialog: Drop down.
text: They drop, see that no more cars are coming off the
dialog: bridge.
scene_heading: EXT. BRIDGE - SEDAN TWO - SUNSET
text: Stopped in traffic. The helicopter Spotter on the radio.
speaker_heading: SPOTTER (V.O.)
dialog: Something's wrong. We're going
dialog: in.
text: The Operatives get out of the sedan, rush forward.
scene_heading: EXT. HELICOPTER - SUNSET
text: Hovering low, deploying its CLEET unit onto the bridge.
scene_heading: EXT. QUEENSBORO BRIDGE - SUNSET
text: The abandoned car drives off the bridge. Jerry and Liza
text: go completely unnoticed. PULL BACK AS they become a very
text: small needle in a very big haystack.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: The CAR WHIZZES past the "Entering Connecticut" sign.
scene_heading: INT. CAR - NIGHT
text: Jerry drives. The RADIO PLAYS SOFTLY. Liza sits as far
text: over as possible. Quiet, then finally...
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Ted Bundy. David Berkowitz.
dialog: Richard Speck.
text: The names just hang in the air. Liza is scared.
text: Finally, curiosity gets the best of her.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: What about them?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: How come serial killers have two
text: names, but lone gunman assassins
dialog: have three. John Wilkes Booth.
dialog: Mark David Chapman. Lee Harvey
dialog: Oswald.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: (after a beat)
text: John Hinkley. The guy who shot
dialog: Reagan. He only had two names.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (without hesitation)
dialog: Reagan didn't die. If he had
dialog: died, everybody would know what
dialog: Johnny's middle name was.
text: Jerry smiles, but she doesn't smile back. As he
text: concentrates on his driving...
text: Liza eases her little cell phone out of her pocket.
text: Holding it at her side, half-turning away from Jerry, she
text: flips it open, turns it on. Enter a pre-dial code:
text: "WILSON" flashes across the display. As Liza holds her
text: thumb over the ear speaker-holes...
scene_heading: INT. WILSON'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: As Wilson and Jonas and the team confab, the PHONE RINGS.
text: Wilson's SECRETARY answers it in the b.g.
speaker_heading: WILSON'S SECRETARY
dialog: Mr. Wilson's office. Hello?
dialog: Hello?
text: As she hangs up...
scene_heading: INT. CAR - NIGHT
text: Liza sees the light go out on the phone. Shit. She
text: glances at Jerry, hits redial.
scene_heading: INT. WILSON'S OFFICE - NIGHT
text: As the PHONE RINGS again...
speaker_heading: WILSON'S SECRETARY
dialog: Mr. Wilson's office. Hello?
text: She moves to hang it up again when suddenly, Jonas grabs
text: her wrist. He takes the PHONE, listens. CELLULAR
text: CRACKLES, ROAD NOISE. Jonas knows.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: It's her. The line's open. Get a
dialog: trace on it.
text: As they go into action...
scene_heading: INT. CAR - NIGHT
text: Liza sticks the live-line phone between the seat and the
dialog: back.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY - NIGHT
text: The abandoned car takes the exit for "Bumps River Road."
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED CAR - NIGHT
text: Liza sits up, doesn't like this at all. For the third
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Where are we going?
text: Jerry doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Where?!
text: Jerry pulls over, stops alongside the woods.
scene_heading: EXT. ROADSIDE - WOODS - NIGHT
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Haven't you figured it out yet?
text: Liza stares into the woods, knows what's in there.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: My father's house.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Come on.
text: Liza takes a last look at the cell phone antennae
text: sticking out from the seat and follows Jerry out. They
text: head into the woods, he a bit behind her.
scene_heading: EXT. BARN - NIGHT
text: The trees thin. Liza and Jerry step out, start to walk
text: along the side of an old barn.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: How do you really know there's
dialog: gold in Fort Knox? Just because
dialog: they say so? We should go to
dialog: Tennessee and demand to see it.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You go. Send me a postcard.
text: They continue, Liza nervous as hell. Her eyes dart
dialog: ahead.
speaker_heading: LIZA'S POV
text: An old well at ground level. Covered over with boards,
text: some of which are rotten.
speaker_heading: BARN
text: A plan taking shape, Liza heads toward the boards.
text: Jerry's nervous, can't keep his mouth shut.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You know who was the first
dialog: President to be assassinated?
dialog: George Washington. His doctor
text: bled him to death.
text: They near the rotten boards. Jerry's behind and to
text: Liza's right. She's leading him into a trap.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: There's a fraternity of secrecy.
dialog: And anyone trying to expose it is
text: labeled a hopeless paranoid.
text: As she's about to skirt the edge of the well, Jerry
text: suddenly leaps forward, grabs her. She nearly screams.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Watch out!
text: Jerry gestures at the rotting boards, thinks he saved
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You could've fallen down there.
text: He releases her, then stares at the distant silhouette of
text: a house. She's really scared.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: What's your middle name, Jerry?
text: Jerry looks over, cocks his head kind of funny.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: What do you mean? Liza?
text: As he takes a step toward her, Liza takes two steps back.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Liza?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Did you kill him?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Is that what they told you?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Did you kill my father?
text: Jerry shakes his head. Liza wants to believe him, but...
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Then why did you have his picture
dialog: in your safe deposit box?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: He gave it to me.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I don't understand.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Where were you the day he died?
speaker_heading: LIZA
text: At a horse show.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: That's the last time you rode,
dialog: isn't it? Do you think it was
dialog: your fault? Is that why?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Did you kill my father?!
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: No...! But they trained me to.
scene_heading: M.K. ULTRA. EX-CATCHER. America
dialog: works. Get rid of the crazy
text: people, the lone gunmen, and the
dialog: system still works.
text: Liza tries to stop his rant before it takes over.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Jerry. Please. You don't
dialog: understand. I have to know. It's
dialog: all I think about. Do you have
dialog: any idea what it's like not to
dialog: know?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Yeah. I know what it's like.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Then tell me what happened.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Can't give you the details because
dialog: I can't remember. I went to court
text: to kill him. At the Ezekiel
dialog: Walters hearing. I was supposed
text: to shoot him at the press
dialog: conference. You were there.
dialog: That's the first time I saw you.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Love at first sight?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I don't know what it was. All I
dialog: know is I had a gun in my hand,
dialog: but when I saw you standing with
dialog: him, I couldn't do it. If that's
dialog: love, it's not so bad.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I found a part of myself that day.
dialog: I couldn't go back.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Back where?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: To Jonas. I didn't know that at
dialog: the time. Didn't know who he was.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: But I knew inside, whoever he was,
dialog: he'd send someone else. So I
dialog: started watching your father. I
dialog: wanted to keep him safe.
text: There's a sincerity in Jerry's voice that's hard to
dialog: ignore.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Someone else might call it
dialog: stalking. My dad felt it. He
text: started carrying a gun.
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: He kept it in the side table in
text: the front hallway.
dialog: (off her look)
dialog: He showed me. I visited a few
dialog: times. Then one of Jonas's guys
dialog: visited. When I arrived, your dad
dialog: was dying.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Why? What do these guys have to
dialog: do with Ezekiel Walters?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Walters was their fall guy. Blow
text: up a building and blame a nut.
dialog: Create fear. Don't you see? Your
dialog: father wasn't trying to keep
text: Walters in prison. He was looking
dialog: into getting him out. He didn't
dialog: believe the official story.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Why not?
text: Jerry looks away, can't answer.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Why not, Jerry?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (a whisper)
dialog: Because he believed me.
text: A raw honesty to the words. Stunned, she only has one
dialog: question left.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: How'd you get the picture?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Your father, he was dying. He was
dialog: worried about you. He took your
text: picture out to look at it. He
dialog: called you his baby.
text: Liza starts to softly cry.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I told him I'd keep you safe. I
dialog: took the picture and I've been
dialog: watching you ever since.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Please don't cry.
text: Liza looks at Jerry. He looks like he's on the verge of
text: tears himself. She's not afraid of him anymore. But
dialog: more important than that...
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I believe you.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You do?
text: She nods. They embrace. Just a lost soul and a lonely
text: one trying to comfort each other. Suddenly, Liza pulls
dialog: away.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You got to get out of here. My
text: cell phone's on. Back in the
dialog: truck.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: They'll trace it.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I'm sorry.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: It's okay. You... You thought I
dialog: was bad.
speaker_heading: WHITE LIGHT
text: hits them from the woods on one side.
text: Then from the house on the other. Jerry grabs Liza's
text: hand to run, but GUNFIRE RIPS into the FENCE beyond them.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Hands behind your head!
text: A third light. This one from a helicopter descending.
text: Blinded by lights, Jerry knows there's nowhere to run
text: this time. He raises his hands, laces them behind his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Step away from him, Ms. Sutton!
text: Jerry squints over at her.
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: Is his gun still in the hall
dialog: table?
text: Liza nods.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Go get it. And when you got it,
dialog: keep going.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: (closing)
dialog: Step away, Miss Sutton!
text: Members of the CLEET Unit step in. Two from either side.
text: They grab Jerry, cuff him and start him toward the
dialog: helicopter.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Wait a minute --
text: CLEET #1 shoves her back. Jerry dips, drives his
text: shoulder into CLEET #1's back. He looks back over his
text: shoulder at Liza. Not worried about himself.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Go get it.
text: The CLEETs pound him. The chopper touches down, the door
text: thrown open. As Wilson gets off, Jerry is hustled past
text: him and onboard.
speaker_heading: WILSON
dialog: Liza, are you alright?
text: Wilson looks back as the CHOPPER MOTOR REVS, the skids
text: lift off the ground. In the doorway, Jonas waves goodbye.
text: The helicopter rises -- revealing CLEET #5, Clark and
text: Piper standing beyond. They hold 9mms.
text: As CLEET #5 SHOOTS Wilson TWICE in the chest, Liza turns
text: and runs for the house. They FIRE at her, then give
dialog: chase.
scene_heading: INT. HELICOPTER - FLIGHT DECK - NIGHT
text: Jerry struggles. Jammed into a corner, he watches after
text: Liza, his face pressed against the glass.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: You've embarrassed me, Jerry.
dialog: You've made certain people take
dialog: notice of me who shouldn't.
text: Jerry's not listening. He only has eyes for Liza. Down
text: below, her legs churn her toward the house.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: We've arranged for you to take the
dialog: blame. Everyone knows how you've
text: been harassing the poor girl.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (ready to burst)
dialog: Liza!
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: You shouldn't watch, Jerry. It's
text: a moment without hope.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (chokes it out)
dialog: You've never seen her run.
text: Liza disappears as darkness swallows the scene.
text: Helpless, hopeless, Jerry pounds his forehead against the
text: glass. Jonas watches, amused, till Jerry finds the
text: strength to lunge at him. As Jerry's driven down to the
dialog: deck...
scene_heading: EXT. BARN - NIGHT
text: Liza turns the corner, runs alongside with CLEET #5
text: closing. Liza throws a look back over her shoulder then
text: ahead. The rotten planking covering the well looms.
text: Liza skirts one side, but CLEET #5 steps right into the
text: middle of it. CRASH! As he disappears down...
scene_heading: EXT. CORRAL FENCE - NIGHT
text: Liza runs. As Clark closes, she jerks back the gate to
text: the hot walker, continues as the aluminum bar catches
text: Clark in the teeth. As he drops...
speaker_heading: FURTHER BACK
text: Piper steadies his aim on the fence, sites through a
dialog: scope.
scene_heading: INFRARED POV - LIZA
dialog: Running away FROM us, but an easy target.
speaker_heading: PIPER
text: Confident, his finger squeezes...
speaker_heading: INFRARED POV
text: As Liza is suddenly blotted out by a big green shape.
speaker_heading: CLARK
text: Mouth smashed, he's gotten up on shaky legs, only to have
text: the back of his head blown off by Piper.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Piper doesn't get a second chance as Liza disappears from
dialog: view.
scene_heading: EXT. LIZA'S FATHER'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Liza hits the front steps. In stride, she picks up a
text: porch CHAIR, flings it THROUGH a PICTURE WINDOW.
text: Piper follows behind as she enters.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - NIGHT
text: Dark. Much to Liza's advantage. She makes it to the
text: hall as Piper trips over a hammock.
speaker_heading: HALLWAY
text: Liza pulls open the drawer of the hall table, fishes out
text: a .38, turns just as Piper turns the corner. Caught by
text: surprise, he goes down as Liza FIRES all SIX ROUNDS. She
text: HITS another SIX EMPTY CHAMBERS before she stops pulling
dialog: the trigger.
scene_heading: EXT. LIZA'S FATHER'S HOUSE - NIGHT
text: Reloading, Liza looks out through the broken window.
text: It's quiet. Peaceful even. The helicopter is gone.
text: Just the CRICKETS. She disappears back inside.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Liza goes to the phone on the side table, dials a number.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Federal Bureau of Investigation.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I need to speak with an Agent
dialog: Lowry.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: The office is closed for the
dialog: evening. Is this an emergency?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Do you have an Agent Lowry in your
dialog: New York office?
text: Liza closes her eyes, sure the answer will be no.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: (opens eyes)
dialog: Then this is a goddamn emergency.
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK APARTMENT - STUDY - NIGHT
text: Seen FROM BEHIND. A MAN sits in a leather chair reading
text: the paper. A PHONE on a stand beside him RINGS.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: (answering)
dialog: Lowry.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Agent Lowry, it's Lynn Matthews at
dialog: the Bureau. I hate to disturb you
dialog: at home, but I have a Liza Sutton
text: on the phone from the Justice
dialog: Department. She says it's an
dialog: emergency.
text: The CAMERA ARCS AROUND to reveal FBI AGENT LOWRY. About
text: 60, paunchy with white hair. Not our Lowry, but the
dialog: Lowry.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Never heard the name... Put her
dialog: through.
scene_heading: INT. SURVEILLANCE ROOM (SOMEWHERE) - NIGHT
text: Our Agent Lowry waits with phone in hand as technicians
dialog: monitor the call. OVER a SPEAKER:
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Go ahead, Miss Sutton.
speaker_heading: LIZA (V.O.)
dialog: Agent Lowry?
text: A Technician nods to Lowry as he switches him over.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: Liza, what can I do for you?
scene_heading: INT. NEW YORK APARTMENT - STUDY - NIGHT
text: The Man holds the phone to his ear.
speaker_heading: MAN
dialog: Hello? Hello?
scene_heading: INT. 12TH FLOOR - ELEVATORS - NIGHT
text: The doors open. Lowry, Liza, six "FBI" agents and a
text: building SECURITY GUARD step off. Badges on jackets,
text: MOVE WITH them as they stride the hallway with purpose.
text: Suite 1203. I.F.M.A. Lowry and Liza wait impatiently as
text: the Guard keys the door. Guns drawn, they burst in.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNATIONAL FUND FOR MERGERS & ACQUISITIONS -
speaker_heading: NIGHT
text: Stop short. The place is empty.
text: The dividing walls are even missing. The only thing
text: that's here are some ladders, tarps and painting
text: materials. Liza is stunned.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: I told you. They haven't moved in
dialog: yet.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
speaker_heading: JERRY
text: Strapped to a metal chair in front of blinding white
text: lights. Only now, it's really happening. Jonas steps
text: over, an electrode in either hand. Jerry's chin is down
text: on his chest. He's already been through the ringer.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Monkey finger. Shoot Coca-Cola.
text: Gently, Jonas slides one of the electrodes under his chin
text: and lifts his head.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Who else knows what you know?
text: Jerry just blinks back at him.
speaker_heading: JONAS
text: Liza Sutton is dead.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Then I can't be hurt anymore.
text: Jerry squeezes his eyes shut. As tears roll down his
text: cheeks, Jonas fires up the juice.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: (looming)
dialog: I'll be the judge of that.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON JERRY'S HAND
text: OVER the CRACKLE of ELECTRICAL CURRENT, the strap snaps
text: taut as Jerry tries to reach through the ceiling for the
dialog: moon.
scene_heading: INT. DECREPIT HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT
text: A sink and dirty mattress on the floor. Two CLEETs drag
text: in Jerry. Unconscious, he's dumped on the floor by a
text: narrow heating duct. They leave, lock the door behind
text: them. Jerry doesn't move, doesn't make a sound. A rag
dialog: doll.
scene_heading: EXT. DECREPIT HOSPITAL - DARKENED WINDOW - NIGHT
text: We hear the sounds of the CITY, but it's impossible to
text: tell where we are. Practically a show, Jonas stares
text: out the window. A CLEET appears vaguely over his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: CLEET
dialog: She got away.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Good God... Find her.
scene_heading: INT. FEDERAL BUILDING - 12TH FLOOR - ELEVATORS - NIGHT
text: No luck. As the mystery agents pile back onto the
text: elevator, Liza takes Lowry's arm.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Can I talk to you a second?
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: (to others)
dialog: Go ahead. We'll be right down.
text: The doors close leaving just Liza and Lowry.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Do you believe me?
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: Yeah, I do.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I want to believe you, too.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: What do you mean?
text: Liza points her father's .38 into his face.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Who's the Deputy Director of the
dialog: F.B.I.?
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: You think we have time to fool
dialog: around like this? Come on.
text: He tries to move on, but she cocks back the hammer.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: The Deputy Director.
text: Lowry shrugs. He doesn't know.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: What gave me away?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Nothing. I was just making sure.
dialog: So, who are you?
text: Lowry looks at her, grimly shakes his head.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I'm going to find Jerry. I'm --
dialog: Who are you? One of them?
text: Liza looks ready to pull the trigger.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: I'm, it really doesn't matter.
dialog: Think C.I.A. and exponentiate.
dialog: I'm a government employee and I've
dialog: been watching Jerry for awhile.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: And Jonas?
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: He's why I watch Jerry. Jerry's
text: the bait for Jonas.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: He's shown himself. Why haven't
dialog: you arrested him or killed him or
dialog: done whatever it is you do?
speaker_heading: LOWRY
text: Jonas builds assassins for a
text: living. Several of whom may be in
dialog: place already. We'd like to kill
text: a few birds with one stone.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Where do you think Jerry is?
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: No idea. Honest. What are you
dialog: going to do?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I'm going to find him. Because
dialog: he'd find me.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: Don't go home. And don't go to
dialog: work. Either one could be bad.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: What do you suggest?
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: That you come with me.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I don't think so.
text: She coldcocks him, the .38 across the back of the head.
text: As Lowry goes down, Liza heads for the stairwell. As she
text: disappears, Lowry gets up, clutching the back of his
text: head. She should have double-checked.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: (as he follows)
dialog: I don't get paid enough for
dialog: this...
scene_heading: INT. JERRY'S BUILDING - DOWNSTAIRS HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: Ready for anything, .38 in one hand and a flashlight in
text: the other, Liza walks the hall. She stops at a door
text: draped with Arson Investigation Site tape. She wrenches
text: down a nailed 2x4, steps between the others. Enters.
scene_heading: INT. DOWNSTAIRS APARTMENT - NIGHT
text: Liza closes the door behind her, shines the light.
text: Debris has fallen through a hole in the ceiling. Liza
text: steps through the rubble to the Wonderwall.
text: Sooty, singed, partially curled at the edges of the paper
text: it was done on. Liza shines the light. She's as taken
text: with it now as the first time.
text: The more she stares at it the more frustrating it
text: becomes. Fighting back tears, growling back her anger,
text: Liza grabs a corner and tears, then tears again, trying
dialog: to destroy this thing which affects her so.
text: When she's done, the Wonderwall hangs in tatters. And as
text: Liza tries to get a hold of herself, she realizes...
text: There's a second painting behind the first.
text: Liza pulls down the tatters of brown butcher paper which
text: made the first. The second is the POV of a room. In
text: fact, it's entitled: "In My Room." In the b.g., a
text: window. F.g., a sinister chair with straps, hooks and
text: other exaggerated apparatus for keeping someone sitting
text: there. Discarded, macabre syringes litter the floor. A
text: flashing light partially obscures a face reflected in a
dialog: mirror. Jonas?
text: The whole effect is unnerving, but tells Liza nothing
text: more. Until... she takes a second look at the window.
text: It's blocked by three red-and-white-striped bars. As
text: Liza runs her hand over them...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. QUEENSBORO BRIDGE - NIGHT
text: Liza pulls her BMW over to the side, gets out and goes to
text: the rail. She stares across at the three red-and-white
text: smokestacks of the Con-Ed plant. The view through the
text: window in Jerry's room.
text: Liza scans the riverfront buildings on Roosevelt Island
text: across from the plant. There are only a few that would
dialog: match and one stands out from the rest...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - NIGHT (LATE)
text: A few lights burn, all on one half of the building. A
text: security board at the desk, the doors are chained and
text: padlocked shut. Liza stops across from a brass inlaid
dialog: letters which identify it as...
dialog: "Germaine O. Nicols Mental ospital."
text: The "H" is missing from "Hospital." Liza is about to
dialog: continue when... enlightenment! Running her hand along,
text: she alters the letters, blacking some of them out:
dialog: "Germaine O. Nicols Mental ospital."
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Ger-o-ni-m-o...
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: EXT. BACK OF HOSPITAL - KITCHEN DOOR - NIGHT
text: An institutional foods truck unloads. As the driver
text: passes with the hand truck, Liza slips in the building.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - KITCHEN - NIGHT
text: The cook grumbles by. Liza ducks behind a dishwasher,
text: looks across at a roach. As it twitches an antenna...
scene_heading: INT. MENTAL HOSPITAL - HALLWAY - NIGHT
text: A nurse disappears, turning around a corner. Liza pads
text: her way along. Looks into a room.
speaker_heading: ROOM
text: Three middle-aged men asleep on their backs, mouths
dialog: agape, sleep obviously no release.
scene_heading: INT. NURSE'S DESK - NIGHT
text: The charge nurse dozes as Liza creeps by.
scene_heading: INT. ROOM TWO - NIGHT
text: Three WOMEN this time -- two asleep, one rocking back and
text: forth on her knees.
speaker_heading: WOMAN
dialog: Hey naw-ne naw-ne. Hey naw-ne
dialog: naw-ne. Hey naw-ne naw-ne.
text: A horrific sight. Liza turns from it and into...
speaker_heading: HALLWAY TWO
text: She turns right into an ORDERLY. Standing square, hands
text: on his hips.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: Can I help you?
text: Collecting herself, she reaches into her pocket for her
dialog: ID.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I'm with the Justice Department.
text: As she produces and hands over a $100 bill, he eyes the
text: .38 in her hand.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I need to see any new patients
dialog: you've gotten in the last twelve
dialog: hours.
dialog: (eyes him eyeing)
dialog: You can say I threatened to shoot
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: Sounds like you got it covered.
dialog: Come on.
scene_heading: INT. DECREPIT HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Jerry's still lying on the floor where he was left. But
text: he's starting to stir. Feeling like he was already dead,
text: maybe even wishing he was.
scene_heading: INT. 2ND FLOOR - HALLWAY THREE - NIGHT
text: The Orderly leads Liza to a door.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
text: In here. White guy in his 30s.
text: He opens the door and they step into...
speaker_heading: ROOM THREE
text: There's a white guy in his mid-30s. He looks up. Wild.
text: Straight-jacketed. Not Jerry. Liza's reached the end of
text: her rope. She just shakes her head.
scene_heading: INT. DECREPIT HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Balled up. Fetal. Not really all there. Head pressed
text: to the cement, he tries to sing to himself.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Blue moon... Blue moon...
scene_heading: INT. 2ND FLOOR - HALLWAY THREE - NIGHT
text: Liza just stands there, leaning on a rail on the wall.
text: The Orderly isn't sure what's going on, but he knows it's
dialog: bad.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: You okay?
text: Liza starts down the hall with the Orderly following.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: We got some new patients last
dialog: week. You want to see them?
text: Liza waves them off. It's hopeless. She stops at a
text: chicken-wired window at the end of the hall, looks out.
text: Light's about to break and Jerry's out there somewhere.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: Look, I gotta get back to work.
text: She turns, grabs his arms.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Did you hear that?
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: What?
text: Liza looks up at the air duct. Pulling a laundry cart
text: over, she climbs up, presses her ear against the grill.
speaker_heading: JERRY (V.O.)
dialog: (singing)
dialog: Blue moon... Blue moon...
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Jerry...? Jerry.
scene_heading: INT. DECREPIT HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT
text: We hear LIZA'S DISTANT "JERRY," but it doesn't register
text: with Jerry. He's all inside now.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Blue moon...
speaker_heading: LIZA (V.O.)
dialog: (singing back)
dialog: You saw me standing alone ...
text: Jerry's eyes open. He heard that. Maybe. He sings.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Without a song in my heart.
speaker_heading: LIZA (V.O.)
dialog: Without a love of my own.
scene_heading: INT. 2ND FLOOR - HALLWAY THREE - NIGHT
text: As Liza sings into the vent, the Orderly thinks he may
dialog: have a new customer.
speaker_heading: JERRY (V.O.)
dialog: Blue moon...
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: (joining)
dialog: You knew just what I was there
dialog: for.
scene_heading: INT. DECREPIT HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Jerry moves closer to the vent as the two of them sing
text: their "duet." She's alive. It finally, really sinks in.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Liza?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Where are you?
scene_heading: INT. 2ND FLOOR - HALLWAY THREE - NIGHT
text: Liza, now joined by the Orderly, listens as...
speaker_heading: JERRY (V.O.)
dialog: Here. North wing. First floor.
text: Liza looks to the Orderly for help.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: The north wing's closed off...
dialog: This way.
scene_heading: GALVANIZED DOOR
text: A heavy locking bracket riveted to the door. The Orderly
text: smacks the padlock with a fire extinguisher. Once,
text: twice. The lock flies off. Liza pushes the door open to
text: a dark hallway. The windows are boarded over.
text: Foreboding.
speaker_heading: ORDERLY
dialog: This is as far as I go.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Get the police down here.
scene_heading: INT. DECREPIT HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Jerry has crawled his way over to the sink.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Diversion. Need a diversion.
text: Hands cuffed, he pulls himself up, leans heavily on the
text: lip. As an afterthought, he stares into the mirror.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Liza's coming. Gotta look sharp.
text: Jerry runs a hand through his hair, collapses.
scene_heading: INT. DECREPIT HALLWAY ONE - NIGHT
text: A CLEET on patrol. He passes a doorway into an abandoned
text: room. As he turns a corner, Liza steps out of the room,
text: continues the opposite way.
scene_heading: INT. DECREPIT HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT
text: His feet braced against the wall, Jerry pulls on a PIPE
text: under the sink. It GROANS, CREAKS, and then SNAPS.
text: Water geysers up. Jerry sputters out of the way.
scene_heading: INT. DECREPIT STAIRWELL - NIGHT
text: Liza makes her way down.
scene_heading: INT. DECREPIT HALLWAY TWO - NIGHT
text: A CLEET GUARD outside a door. He looks down as water
text: pools at his feet. Turning, he sees it runs from under
text: the door. There's a 5x5-inch window on the door, but the
text: view is blocked by a hard, white surface. The Guard raps
dialog: the glass.
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: What's going on there?!
dialog: (off no answer)
dialog: Where's the water coming from?
scene_heading: INT. DECREPIT HOSPITAL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Jerry holds a toilet lid over the glass. Another RAP.
speaker_heading: GUARD (V.O)
dialog: Answer me!
text: The BOLTS BEING SLID BACK. Jerry stumbles as the door is
text: pushed open. The Guard enters, leading with his 9mm.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: You had to see for yourself,
dialog: didn't you?
speaker_heading: GUARD
dialog: (re: sink)
dialog: Where'd you think that was going
dialog: to get you?
text: The Guard is unaware that Liza has appeared in the
text: doorway behind him. Jerry smiles.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Right where we are now.
text: The Guard steps forward to let Jerry have it. He freezes
text: at the HAMMER CLICKING back on the .38.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Drop it.
text: Cursing himself, the Guard lets the 9mm slip to the
dialog: floor.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Turn around.
text: The Guard turns. As he does, Jerry raises the toilet
text: lid, cracks it down over the top of the Guard's head.
text: The exertion sends Jerry sprawling, as well. He looks
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: So, what do you think? Is
dialog: something going on here or what?
scene_heading: INT. DECREPIT HALLWAY TWO - NIGHT
text: Jerry (armed with the 9mm) and Liza exit. Liza slides
text: the bolts back on the door. Footsteps and voices ahead.
text: Jerry leans on Liza as they start their escape in the
text: opposite direction. They've just disappeared around one
text: corner when Jonas and CLEETS #3 and #4 appear around the
dialog: corner.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Where's the guard?
text: Slipping in the water, the CLEETS hurry forward. One of
text: them looks through the window, scowls as the second
text: unbolts the door. As Jonas sees the unconscious Guard
text: and the toilet lid, he does not look happy.
scene_heading: EXT. GERMAINE O. NICOLS MENTAL HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: A man approaches from one end of the sidewalk. Flip, the
text: black owner of the newsstand Jerry frequents. No longer
text: wheelchair-bound. As he converges with Agent Lowry.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL ENTRY - NIGHT
text: The old security guard watches a little TV.
speaker_heading: TV ANNOUNCER (V.O.)
dialog: The President had left the area
text: only moments earlier and is
dialog: currently in Germany. Again, the
dialog: quake in Southern Turkey measured
dialog: seven-point-three on the Richter
dialog: scale. Thousands are feared
dialog: missing or dead...
text: He looks up as from outside, Lowry shoulders back the
text: door, exposing the chain. Flip cuts through it with a
text: portable torch. Lowery bursts through, passing the
text: sputtering old security guard. The whole entry takes
text: about two seconds.
scene_heading: INT. INTERSECTING HALLWAYS - NIGHT
text: Jerry and Liza make their way along. Ahead, a CLEET
text: crossing the intersection. SHOTS are exchanged. Liza
text: and Jerry hug the wall, move back the way they came. As
text: the CLEET gets on his headset, they duck down...
scene_heading: EAST HALLWAY
text: Jerry, who knows where he's going, motions Liza ahead.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: This way.
text: Only a few steps and another CLEET ahead. More SHOTS
text: FIRED and they duck down...
scene_heading: SOUTH HALLWAYS
text: Jerry takes Liza's hand and they run. Left here. Right
dialog: there.
scene_heading: EAST HALLWAY
text: Flip and Lowry, infiltrate. They exchange FIRE with a
speaker_heading: CLEET.
scene_heading: INTERSECTING HALLWAYS
text: The GUNFIRE is DISTANT here. Jonas gets the report from
text: CLEET #4, who gets it over his headset.
speaker_heading: CLEET #4
text: He's somewhere on the south side
dialog: of the wing.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: (thinks a beat)
dialog: I know where he's going.
text: Jonas strides away, CLEETS #4 and #3 hurrying to keep up.
scene_heading: INT. ALCOVE/DEAD-END HALLWAY - DAWN
text: They reach the end, a narrow alcove to the left.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: It's a dead end.
text: A 2-foot by 2-foot sliding door on the wall. Padlocked.
text: Jerry aims, SHOOTS the lock off. He opens the door to
text: reveal a dumbwaiter.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: How did you know?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I spent two years here. This used
text: to bring the med-cart. Demerol.
text: Phenobarb. It's Jacob's Ladder.
text: Jerry hits a button on the wall. Nothing. No power.
text: Liza looks back over her shoulder at distant gunfire.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Something's going on back there.
text: BOOM! BOOM! BOOM! She spins as Jerry FIRES into the
text: wall. He tears plaster back in huge chunks to reveal the
text: dumbwaiter mechanism. A looped bicycle chain, running
text: over teeth on a motor below and disappearing up a shaft
dialog: above.
text: He kicks the bottom loop off the motor.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Get in. I'll pull you up to the
dialog: fourth floor.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: What about you?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Get up there and we'll get it back
dialog: down here for me. Now.
text: Liza thinks a beat, then nods and climbs inside.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: Jerry, you continually amaze me.
text: Jerry and Liza freeze. The voice is close. Liza starts
text: to climb out, but Jerry holds her back, whispers.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Geronimo.
text: He shoves her back, hauls down on the chain. The
text: dumbwaiter starts up.
speaker_heading: LIZA
text: Geronimo is down.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: It's up. Love gives you wings.
dialog: You can fly away from here.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Don't do this.
text: Jerry hauls down again. Liza disappears from view. He
text: clutches his side in pain. Then he hauls again.
scene_heading: DEAD END HALLWAY
text: CLEETS #3 and #4 advance.
speaker_heading: DUMBWAITER
text: jerking upwards. Liza despairing.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Jerry!
speaker_heading: ALCOVE
text: Jerry hauls harder. Faster. Hand over fist. Determined
dialog: to get Liza out of there.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Too good to be true. Last thing I
dialog: do. Like life pounding eggs.
text: Up, up, up, the dumbwaiter goes. Finally, it won't go
text: any further. It's out of sight.
scene_heading: DEAD END HALLWAY
text: CLEETs #3 and #4 move up.
speaker_heading: DUMBWAITER
text: The door won't budge. Liza leans back, FIRES a ROUND at
text: where she guesses the lock should be. She throws the
text: door up. The 4th floor. As she squeezes out...
speaker_heading: ALCOVE
text: Jerry holds the chain with one hand, FIRES through it
text: with the 9MM. A tug and 60 feet of chain spools down at
text: his feet. Liza's away.
text: As Jerry smiles, CLEETs #3 and #4 appear behind him, each
text: FIRING once into his back.
scene_heading: 4TH FLOOR - LIZA
text: Reacting to the shots. Appalled at what must be
dialog: happening.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Jerry!
speaker_heading: ALCOVE
text: Jerry hears her call, closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Liza...
text: Jerry drops his gun, corkscrews down into a broken heap.
text: His eyes flutter up as Jonas looms over him.
speaker_heading: JONAS
dialog: A patient man can accomplish
dialog: anything.
scene_heading: 4TH FLOOR - LIZA
text: Liza runs.
scene_heading: DEAD END HALLWAY
text: CLEETs #3 and #4 turn as Lowry and Flip approach. As
text: they head down to the end of the hall, Jerry's eyes
text: flicker to the 9MM. As his hand inches that way...
speaker_heading: STAIRWELL
text: Liza runs, possessed. Only this time she's running to
text: something and not away. She stumbles, slams into the
text: wall at the landing, continues.
scene_heading: DEAD END HALLWAY
text: Jonas starts back for Jerry, stops short as he sees him,
text: still on the ground, pointing the 9MM at him. CLICK.
text: Jerry's out of ammo. Jonas continues toward him.
scene_heading: 1ST FLOOR HALLWAY
text: Liza comes off the stairwell. Runs.
scene_heading: CONNECTING HALLWAY
text: CLEET #3 goes down, SHOT by Lowry. #4 makes a dash for
text: it, is pursued by Flip.
scene_heading: DEAD END HALLWAY
text: Jerry, spitting blood, waits as Jonas calmly sets the
text: barrel of his gun against Jerry's forehead. The coup de
text: grace is imminent. Jerry's ready for it.
speaker_heading: LIZA
text: Lungs ready to burst. She hurdles #3's body, turns the
text: corner, screaming as she raises her father's gun.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: No!
text: Jonas looks back over his shoulder just in time for a
text: bullet to drill his forehead above his left eye. He's
text: dead before he hits the ground.
text: And Liza is at Jerry's side. One look and she knows it
dialog: isn't good.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Help! Somebody help me!
text: He just looks up at her as she cradles his head.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Don't die on me, Jerry. Okay?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I can't promise you anything.
text: She cries at the allusion, takes his hand.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You've been my best friend for
dialog: years and I didn't even know you
dialog: were out there.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Top pocket... Go on.
text: Liza reaches in, pulls out one of the "new" $100 bills.
text: It's bloodstained.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Remember when you gave me that? A
dialog: hundred dollar bill to get lost?
dialog: (re: bill)
dialog: That's it. My lucky charm.
text: As a tear rolls down Liza's cheek...
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: They changed Franklin's portrait.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You think it's a conspiracy?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Don't know, but he looks a lot
dialog: more like Rosie O'Donnel than Ben
dialog: Franklin.
text: Liza looks at the bill a moment, shakes her head, then:
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Fred Mertz. It's Fred Mertz.
text: Jerry smiles. Liza smiles back. Then:
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (almost apologetic)
dialog: I don't know why I love you. But
dialog: I know that I do.
text: Liza lowers her head, her heart stripped bare.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I love you, too.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: (a sigh)
dialog: Now she tells me.
text: Overwhelmed, Jerry squeezes his eyes shut. Liza turns
text: back as Agent Lowry appears.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: (desolate)
dialog: Help him. Please.
scene_heading: EXT. HOSPITAL - AMBULANCE - DAWN
text: A madhouse. Police arriving in droves. Jerry in the
text: back of the ambulance. Liza watches, horrified, as his
text: body jerks as they defibrillate him. The back doors
dialog: close.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Wait! Wait for me.
text: She's restrained by Flip and Agent Lowry, tries to fight
text: past them as the ambulance pulls away.
text: Overwhelmed, Liza collapses. As they hold her up...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY - DAY
text: A beautiful day. Maybe not a bad place to end up after
text: all. We COME UPON a particular stone, freshly turned
text: earth on the grave. Jerry Fletcher. He didn't make it.
text: Liza stands here all alone. Paying her last respects.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: (softly)
dialog: You got away, Jerry. They'll
dialog: never find you now.
text: Her eyes well up with tears. Liza fights it off.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: (deep breath)
dialog: Get a hold of yourself, baby.
text: One last moment and then she turns and walks away. As
text: she moves, the sound of FOOTSTEPS. On the FLOOR.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. STERILE HALLWAY (SOMEWHERE) - DAY
text: Agent Lowry strides down the hall, full of purpose. At
text: an intersection, he's joined by Flip. The two of them
text: continue, without speaking, to a door. They enter.
scene_heading: INT. STERILE ROOM (SOMEWHERE) - DAY
text: His chest bandaged, tubes running in and out, Jerry looks
text: up as Lowry and Flip enter. He's weak, but very much
text: alive. They look at him. He looks back as defiantly as
dialog: his situation will allow.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Flip. Howard Hughes gave you your
text: legs back.
text: Flip doesn't even crack a smile.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: You made your decision yet?
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I'm leaning toward no.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: That's your option. Ours could be
dialog: to keep you locked up for a very
dialog: long time. In case you didn't
dialog: know it, you're crazy.
speaker_heading: FLIP
dialog: Not to mention the fact that
dialog: everyone thinks you're dead.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: We need you. We need what you
dialog: know. To bring these guys down.
dialog: Believe it or not, we're on the
dialog: same side.
dialog: (as Jerry scoffs)
dialog: One thing's for sure. You don't
dialog: have a choice.
text: Jerry stares back. That may be the truth.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I'll do it. On one condition. I
dialog: want to make sure she's okay.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: We got someone watching her 24
dialog: hours a day. She --
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: That's not what I mean. I want to
dialog: see her.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: I don't know...
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Then screw you. I'll rot.
speaker_heading: LOWRY
dialog: Alright. You can see her.
dialog: (as Jerry smiles)
dialog: But she can't see you.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Whatever.
text: Lowry and Flip turn to leave.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: Flip.
dialog: (as Flip looks back)
dialog: You're the closest thing I got to
dialog: a friend around here. Tell me
dialog: something. You think I'm crazy?
speaker_heading: FLIP
dialog: Shut the hell up.
scene_heading: EXT. OX RIDGE HUNT CLUB (CONNECTICUT) - DAY
text: Pastoral to say the least. Liza steps from her BMW,
text: leans against the fence and watches as three lO-year-old
text: girls on horses receive a riding lesson.
scene_heading: INT. OX RIDGE HUNT CLUB - BARN - DAY
text: Liza moves along the well-maintained stalls. One
text: particular HORSE WHINNIES excitedly as she approaches.
text: Liza stops to look him over.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: J.D., I'm back. If you'll have
dialog: me.
text: He WHINNIES, stomps a hoof. Liza hugs him around the
dialog: neck.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Johnny...
text: The horse has to be the fabled Johnny Dancer. Their
text: moment is broken up by a rough-looking GROOM.
speaker_heading: GROOM
dialog: Can I help you with something?
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: You got a saddle around here?
dialog: This is my horse.
speaker_heading: GROOM
dialog: I've never seen you here before.
text: Liza reaches into her jeans pocket, pulls out her
dialog: trademark denomination: a $100 bill. But something
text: hesitates inside her. She rubs her thumb over Franklin:
text: Rosie O'Donnel or Fred Mertz? She pockets the bill,
text: looks up.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Could you help me out? Please.
speaker_heading: GROOM
dialog: (a beat; softens)
dialog: I think I can find a saddle for
dialog: that horse.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD - SURVEILLANCE VAN - DAY
text: Pulled off the road. A view to the farm.
scene_heading: INT. SURVEILLANCE VAN - DAY
text: Jerry sits with Lowry and Flip, scans with binoculars.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: I see her car, but -- Oh...
scene_heading: BINOCULAR POV - LIZA
text: Riding Johnny Dancer out into the ring. She canters back
text: and forth. Tentative at first, but gaining confidence.
scene_heading: INT. RIDING RING - DAY
text: Liza pulls up, eyes a fence.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: I must be crazy.
text: Deciding, she whispers something into Johnny's ear.
speaker_heading: LIZA
dialog: Geronimo.
text: They're off at a gallop.
scene_heading: BINOCULAR POV - LIZA
text: Picking her spot, Liza guides Johnny up and over. Fluid.
dialog: A thing to behold.
scene_heading: INT. SURVEILLANCE VAN - DAY
text: Jerry, holding his breath, lets it out in a long sigh,
text: the sound of love. He smiles sadly, lowers the
text: binoculars.
speaker_heading: JERRY
dialog: She's okay.
dialog: (to Lowry; grim)
dialog: Let's go.
scene_heading: EXT. SURVEILLANCE VAN - DAY
text: It rolls down the road. Destination unknown.
scene_heading: EXT. OX RIDGE HUNT CLUB - FIELD - DAY
text: Liza gallops out into the sun. Feeling it, remembering,
text: realizing just how much she missed this. But now she has
dialog: it again. A gift.
text: Head back, she holds her arms out in hope and faith, very
text: much like the painting on Jerry's Wonderwall.
speaker_heading: FREEZE FRAME.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
