speaker_heading: CONTAGION
dialog: by
dialog: Scott Z. Burns
dialog: 1/14/09:
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN AIRLINES LOUNGE, O'HARE AIRPORT - EVENING
text: Outside the window long lines of planes wait for taxi and
text: take off in the November dusk. Their lights blink
text: impatiently. Rush hour at O'Hare.
dialog: 
text: BETH EMHOFF (30‘s) reads a magazine and”stretches-- her hand
text: reaches for the communal bowl of peariits on the bar as she
text: battles jet lag with diet coke and aspirin. She ‘looks
text: exhausted.
text: Her phone chimes. She answers.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Mmam...Yeah, it was delayed...Sorry
dialog: I got so panicky...It was good to
dialog: see you, too. I’m glad it worked
dialog: out.
text: She purrs this last part. Smiles at the response we never
text: hear. She coughs-- deep and wet.
speaker_heading: BETH (CONT'D)
dialog: I will...Just a little tired and
dialog: warm.
text: A GATE ANNOUNCEMENT drowns out the conversation.
speaker_heading: BETH (CONT’D)
dialog: I gotta go.
text: She sighs and gathers her stuff.
scene_heading: EXT. HONG KONG/MACAU FERRY - FEW DAYS LATER
text: LI FAI (20) stands at the rail of the multi-decked ferry as
text: it approaches the pier in Kowloon. The Hong Kong skyline
text: looms beyond the ferry terminal building. The waters of
text: Victoria :Harbor churn with boat traffic and birds. Tourists
text: snap photos and locals gather their belongings.
text: Fai looks worn down from the crossing. A SHIP‘S MATE
text: steadies him at the rail. (All scenes between Chinese
dialog: Nationals are in local Language).
speaker_heading: SHIPS MATE
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: Stare at something that’s not
dialog: moving. We’ll be there in five
dialog: minutes.
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 2.
scene_heading: INT. HONG KONG CHINA FERRY TERMINAL - MOMENTS LATER
text: Fai makes his way through the crowded transportation hub--
text: past kiosks and advertisements. He leans heavily on the
text: escalator railing and makes his way down toward to the metro.
text: He carries a.small duffel, but struggles against its weight.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. HONG KONG METRO - MOMENTS LATER
text: Pai sits on the clean and crowded metro with the duffel in
text: his lap. Behind him some very HIP KIDS are joking and
text: laughing. Fai shoots them a look, but the KIDS just keep
text: talking and giggling.
text: He turns on them.
speaker_heading: FAL
dialog: I don't know you, OK? So, don’t
dialog: pretend I do.
text: The HIP KIDS look at each other, convinced he is a madman-~-
text: then they burst out laughing even louder. Fai stumbles away
text: from them and looks out the window of the train.
speaker_heading: FAI'S POV
text: Lights passing by on the tunnel interior and a strange fisn-
text: eyed reflection of the people behind him. FAI CLINGS TO A
text: METAL POLE FOR BALANCE WITH BOTH SWEATY HANDS.
scene_heading: INT. HEATHROW AIRPORT - MORNING
text: IRINA MODELSKOVA (23, Ukrainian model) stands at the baggage
text: claim trying to get a signal on her phone. She’s groggy from
dialog: the flight.
speaker_heading: IRINA
dialog: Hello...Yes....We just landed. I
dialog: took something on the plane and I
dialog: feel miserable...To sleep, yes...I
dialog: am sorry for what I said. I get
dialog: anxious and I don’t know what.to
dialog: say...I just wanted te call and
dialog: teil you that.
text: The bags begin to tumble down the chute.
speaker_heading: IRINA (CONT'D)
dialog: I would like to go to New York with
dialog: you very much...OK?
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 3.
speaker_heading: IRINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes...2 am going to take a bath and
dialog: a nap when I get to the hotel.. Bye,
dialog: darling. :
text: Her bag comes down the chute and she walks toward Customs
dialog: with it.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. HEATHROW - MOMENTS LATER
text: Irina is through customs. She sees a DRIVER with her name on
text: a sign. SHE HANDS HIM HER BAG.
scene_heading: EXT. KWUN TONG - HONG KONG - EVENING
dialog: Kwun Tong is the most densely populated area in the world.
text: Clothes hang drying from the windows. FAI makes his way
text: toward an entrance to one of many overcrowded housing blocks.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSING BLOCK - MOMENTS LATER
text: A tiny, well-kept studio apartment. Fai’s sister, BAI turns
text: down the radio and goes to respond to the knock on the door.
text: Fai enters and greets his sister warmly.
speaker_heading: BAI
dialog: Hello. I was worried about you.
dialog: Was there a problem?
speaker_heading: FAL
dialog: No. There is a new TV system in the .
dialog: casino. It’s very complicated and
dialog: so we are all working overtime.
text: Fai sits on a small sofa. She works the acupressure point in
text: his wrist for a moment-- studies his face,
speaker_heading: FAI (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s so bright in here.
text: She rummages around for a blanket.
speaker_heading: BAI
dialog: If you go get a chicken at the
dialog: market, I'll cook dinner tomorrow.
dialog: There‘s a girl from work who I
dialog: think you will like. I’11 invite
dialog: her. .
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 4,
scene_heading: EXT, COTAL STRIP - MACAU - NIGHT
text: Vegas of the Orient-~- neon and the sprawling architecture of
text: excess. Familiar names in lights: The Sands, Wynn, The
dialog: Venetian, etc.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. GOLDEN DRAGON CASINO - NIGHT
text: The gaming floor is buzzing-- slots, cards and Asian games.
text: Roulette and dice. It could be the floor of the Bellagio,
text: but the clientele is decidedly Asian.
text: Two UNIFORMED MAINTENANCE men skirt the action and head
text: toward a bank of elevators. A walkie-talkie crackles with
text: urgent instructions. A man with a TOOL BELT looks frazzled.
text: He responds.
speaker_heading: TOOL BELT
dialog: (to walkie-talkie)
dialog: We are on our way to 1219. We are
dialog: short-staffed tonight. One guy
dialog: called in sick and someone else is
dialog: on vacation.
text: More urging from the walkie-talkie. TOCL BELT hits the
dialog: elevator button.
speaker_heading: TOOL BELT (CONT'D)
dialog: 2311 after 1219. Got it.
text: The other Maintenance Man writes down the room numbers as
text: they step onto an elevator full of GAMBLERS . Tool Belt
text: coughs, rubs his eyes.
scene_heading: INT. NOBLE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - MINNEAPOLIS - DAY
text: THOMAS EMHOFF (40-ish) hustles through the foyer of the
text: school. Thanksgiving themes predominate with children’s
text: rendering of pilgrims, Indians and turkeys.
text: He enters the school’s administrative offices.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: i'm Thomas Emhoff, I’m here for
dialog: Clark. Clark Morrow. I'm his
dialog: stepfather.
text: An ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT walks back toward the school
text: infirmary with Thomas.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 5.
text: NURSE LEAR (50’s) emerges from a room with a cot with a
text: forlorn looking CLARK (7). His eyes are a little glazed and
text: he has a cough. He walks toward his stepfather.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF (CONT‘D)
dialog: Hey there kiddo. Not feeling too
dialog: well? -
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Tired.
speaker_heading: NURSE LEAR
dialog: He said he was feeling very warm in
dialog: Miss Tatum’s class, dozed off. I
dialog: took his temperature again since I
dialog: called-- a touch over a hundred-
speaker_heading: EMHOFP
text: It's making its way through the
dialog: family. First his Mother goes down
dialog: and now the mighty Clark. Let’s go
dialog: get you and Mom some soup and beat
dialog: this thing down before Turkey Day.
speaker_heading: NURSE LEAR
dialog: Hope you feel better Clark, OK?
text: Clark pulls the door shut behind him by the doorknob as he
text: leaves. A moment later, Nurse Lear opens the door.
scene_heading: INT. AMIKA NIGHTCLUB - LONDON - NIGHT
dialog: 
text: TRUSTAFARIANS and THE PHYSICALLY BLESSED drink and smoke and
text: fight off ennui with anything they can get their hands on.
text: Irina is dragging a bit-- she drops a BEROCCA into a martini
text: glass. A GOATEED TRUSTAFARIAN sidles up beside her.
speaker_heading: GOATEE
dialog: (off the drink)
dialog: What do you call that, Rina?
speaker_heading: IRINA
dialog: The Jet Lagatini. I‘m in three
dialog: different time zones.
speaker_heading: GOATEE
dialog: Yeah, how about something not quite
dialog: so over the counter?
text: She smiles at him.
speaker_heading: SMASH CUT
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 6.
scene_heading: INT. AMIKA BATHROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: They sit in a stall-- Irina straddling him.
text: Irina finishes a rail of blow and hands the sterling silver
text: straw back to Goatee. He hoovers in a line of his own and
text: then licks the straw clean.
dialog: 
text: She perks up-- his hands bring her mouth to his. They kiss
dialog: deeply.
speaker_heading: GOATEE
dialog: Good to see you, Rina.
text: She giggles and grinds.
speaker_heading: GOATEE (CONT’D)
dialog: Are you in love with this one?
dialog: Rafik? It‘s been months now.
text: She kisses him hard-- sucks on his tongue with all her might.
speaker_heading: IRINA
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Yes. We’re soul mates.
text: They both laugh.
scene_heading: INT. NICE HOUSE - EDINA, MINNESOTA — NIGHT
text: Clark Morrow climbs out of bed and makes his way down the
text: hall toward the murmur of his parents. He‘’s dragging ass.
scene_heading: INT, PARENTS’ ROOM - CONTINUQUS
text: Clark enters.
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: Mom? I don’t feel well.
text: A light comes on. Thomas and Beth are in bed. She isn‘t
dialog: looking so good either.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: My throat is scratchy and I have a
dialog: headache.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 7.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Me, too, honey. You want some
dialog: water?
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: Mmm...Poor guy. You want to curl
dialog: up with your mom? mT
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Let me see if we have something for
dialog: you.
text: She gets out of bed and staggers to the closet. She gets out
text: her CARRY-ON bag. Takes out some COUGH DROPS AND TYLENOL
scene_heading: LIQUID FLU MEDICINE.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: OK. I'm headed to the guest room-—
dialog: this is now officially the sick
dialog: ward.
text: Thomas grabs a pillow and heads off. Clark lies down.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I‘m going to see if I can do my
dialog: conference call from home and then
dialog: take you to the doctor.
text: She kisses Clark’s forehead. He's warm.
scene_heading: INT. LI BAI'S APARTMENT - MORNING
text: Fai wakes up in the empty apartment. He coughs a few times
text: then swallows hard. Sleep seems to have done little to
dialog: restore him.
text: He forces down some. water and puts on his shoes. The morning
text: sun tortures his eyes. He squints against the day.
text: Bai’s pet bird squawks at nothing in particular.
scene_heading: INT. ELEVATOR - MOMENTS LATER
text: Fai fingers the GROUND FLOOR button. He leans hard against
text: the elevator wall. TWO LITTLE GIRLS and an OLD CHINESE WOMAN
text: eye him with concern. He rubs his temples. Coughs again.
speaker_heading: PAI
dialog: My sister lives here.
text: The doors open and Fai stumbles out.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 8.
scene_heading: EXT. KOWLOCGN BIRD MARKET ~ A LITTLE LATER
text: Fai is hallucinating now. The world comes at him in ways
text: only he understands. He shifts away from non-existent shapes
text: and curses at the birds in their cages.
text: PASSERS BY wonder if he’s drunk or drugged. Fai uses
text: pedestrians and lamp posts to keep his feet. Finally, he
text: settles down hard on the dirty, damp curb.
text: The sun has become relentlessly bright~- he shields his eyes
text: against it with a trembling hand. Muttering.
text: Fai looks back over his shoulder-- what he sees scares him
text: into rising. He moves away from the onslaught of a seizing
text: brain and takes three blind steps backward into the street.
text: A TRUCK wipes Fai off the face of the earth with a sudden
text: mechanical ease. He is pulled half-way down the block in the
text: suspension before the driver knows what happened.
text: People gather round as blood pools out from his body. Crowds
text: fill the street. Dogs come to check out the carnage.
scene_heading: INT. PHOTOGRAPHY STUDIO - LONDON ~ DAY
text: Irina at a commercial casting looking rough in a short skirt.
text: She is sweaty and feverish and irritable with the PA.
speaker_heading: IRINA
dialog: How much longer?
text: There are five other girls there, also in short skirts. They
text: sit with their portfolics in their laps.
text: Trina crosses to the water cooler. Takes a drink and coughs.
text: She is miserable. Squints at the light. She walks outside
text: and lights a cigarette with a lighter she borrows from
text: another BORED MODEL. Dials her phone.
speaker_heading: TRINA (CONT'D)
dialog: Hello...Seamus...I‘ve been here for
dialog: an hour. I feel like shit...I don’t
dialog: know-- did something last night and
dialog: it must have had something in
dialog: it...Yeah, OK. TI know that. I‘ma
dialog: million degrees...I‘m getting in a
dialog: cab and going back to the hotel--
text: getting a massage. T’11 come back
dialog: and smile tomorrow all they like.
text: She hangs up and curses in Ukrainian. She goes back and
text: leaves the PORTFOLIO case with the PA.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 a.
scene_heading: INT. NICE HOUSE - EDINA, MINNESOTA - MORNING
text: Beth stands in the kitchen somehow confused by the coffee
text: maker. She squints at the morning sun. She drops the coffee
text: pot and pours coffee all over for reasons that it would take
dialog: a microscope to understand.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Thomas enters. . ~
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: Beth? What?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I have no muscles in my right arm.
text: He comes closer to her.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: Sit down.
text: She almost misses the chair.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF {CONT'D}
dialog: Did you take too much of that
dialog: Theraflu shit?
text: She puts her head down on the table and then begins to SHAKE
dialog: with seizure.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF (CONT ‘D}
dialog: Jesus, Beth.
text: Thomas jumps back.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF (CONT'D)
dialog: Clarky? Stay in your room for a
dialog: couple of minutes, OK? Wait till I
dialog: come and get you.
text: He grabs the phone and dials 911. Somewhere another phone
text: rings. A silly ringtone takes us to...
scene_heading: INT. BAI’S APARTMENT - EVENING
text: Bai is shaken by the news of her brother's death as it is
text: delivered over the phone. She holds onto his duffel bag as if
text: it. was his body. The desperate sound of her grief brings
text: people into the hallway.
text: Bai collapses into the arms of NEIGHBORS. One WIPES THE
text: TEARS from her face. Another picks up her CELL PHONE as if
text: was a murder weapon and puts it on the table.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 10.
text: She moves from hug to hug searching for comfort. The bird
text: squawks and kicks feed from the cage onto the floor.
speaker_heading: BAL
dialog: I want to go home. I just want to
dialog: go home.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT, EMERGENCY ROOM - FAIRVIEW SOUTEDALE HOSPITAL - MINNESOTA
text: BETH EMHOFF is out of it-- trouble finding words, not making
text: sense. The doctors and nurses work on her. Thomas looks on
dialog: anxiously.
speaker_heading: ER DOC
dialog: Beth, can you hear me? My name is
dialog: Dr. Arrant and you are in the
dialog: hospital.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Why are there so many people here?
dialog: ER boc
dialog: You had a seizure this morning,
dialog: Beth. Have you ever had something
dialog: like that before?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: There’s a meeting in the big
dialog: conference room today-- I can be on
text: the speaker phone.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: Beth, what are you talking about?
speaker_heading: ER NURSE THOMAS
dialog: Does she have a history of IT think she’s allergic to
dialog: seizures? Allergies? Other penicillin.
dialog: medical problems?
speaker_heading: ER DOC
dialog: Did she fall recently? Slip on the
dialog: ice and hit her head? In the
dialog: shower?
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: Beth? Wo. She said she had a sore
dialog: throat a few days ago.
speaker_heading: ER Doc
dialog: What about drugs? MDMA? ‘Ecstasy?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 ll.
speaker_heading: EMHOFP
dialog: What? No. Nothing recreational.
text: She‘s only taking over the counter
dialog: stuff.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: It’s so bright in here--
text: And with that she goes into another seizure. The ER TEAM
text: moves to put in an IV and stabilize her head. She foams at
dialog: the mouth.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: Beth..,What’s happening? What's
dialog: going on?
speaker_heading: ER DOC
dialog: Can you step outside, Mr. Emhoff?
text: He searches her pupils for something~- nothing there. Dr.
text: Arrant orders Ativan and antibiotics. They put an oxygen
text: mask over her face.
speaker_heading: EMHOFP
dialog: Beth...
text: The ER Nurse pulls Thomas out of the treatment area. He sits
text: down underneath a CDC poster concerning H1N1-- instructing
dialog: you how to cover your mouth when you sneeze.
scene_heading: INT. CLARIDGE'S HOTEL - LONDON - EVENING
text: The Concierge and a POLISH MAID are at the door.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: Hello? It’s the Concierge.
text: He takes out a security key and opens the door.
scene_heading: INT. CORNER SUITE - CONTINUOUS
text: They enter. The sitting room is undisturbed. The TV blares
text: MTV. A bottle of EVIAN is half-empty on the coffee table.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: Anybody here? Mr. Khalifa?
text: The Maid steps into the bedroom. Nothing. The bathroom door
text: is not quite closed and the tap is running.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 12.
speaker_heading: MAID
dialog: Mr. Kieron?
text: He enters the bathroom.
speaker_heading: HIS POV
dialog: 
text: IRINA’s DEAD BODY. Half-covered by a bathrobe. “Blue and
text: xigid. There are pills scattered around and vomit on the
text: floor by her mouth.
text: He turns off the water and closes the door behind him.
text: The maid looks at him-~ searchingly.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE
dialog: We need to get security up here...
text: He picks up the phone and dials security.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE. (CONT'D)
dialog: I hope you understand the need for
dialog: discretion, Ms. Wolski.
dialog: And then inte the phone.
speaker_heading: CONCIERGE (CONT’D)
dialog: Jordan? Yes, this is Kieron...I’m
dialog: in 404 and there's a...one of the
dialog: guests has passed away..-Room is
dialog: registered to Mr. Rafik
dialog: Khalifa...dis girlfriend...2 think
dialog: maybe drugs.
scene_heading: INT. ICU - PAIRVIEW SOUTHDALE HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: Beth Emhoff is on a ventilator. She is comatose and flat
text: lining. No sign of life from her brain.
dialog: Icu boc
dialog: I’m calling it at 6:42pm.
text: The nurses go about the business of disconnecting her from
text: the machines. Tape is gently pulled from her-- Iv’s taken
dialog: out.
scene_heading: INT. WAITING ROOM ~ FAIRVIEW SOUTHDALE HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: Thomas and Clark watch a MINNESOTA WILD game on TV.
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 13.
speaker_heading: THOMAS’ POV
text: A DOCTOR and a SOCIAL WORKER IN A BUSINESS SUIT come down the
text: hallway. Thomas sees them and gets up.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: You let me know what happens on the
dialog: power play, Clarky. I’m gonna go
dialog: talk to the doctor.
dialog: We don‘t have to hear every word to know what’s being. said.
text: Just fragments of conversation punctuated by grim body
text: language. The force of the news collapses Emhoff. He squats
text: in the hallway and holds onto his head.
text: The Social Worker’s voice is soothing.
speaker_heading: SOCIAL WORKER
dialog: If you want help with arrangements
dialog: we can be of assistance.
text: Thomas tries to take in what has happened.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: I just...I don’t understand.
speaker_heading: SOCIAL WORKER
dialog: Maybe the boy has a friend he can
dialog: stay with while you deal with this.
text: Thomas nods.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: His biological father lives in
dialog: Duluth.
text: The SOCIAL WORKER walks toward CLARK. Thomas turns to the ER
dialog: boc.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF (CONT’D)
text: She got back from a business trip.
dialog: She was tired-- she always got sick
dialog: when she got on a plane. I don't
dialog: understand.
dialog: ER boc
dialog: You mentioned that. Hong Kong. We
dialog: checked the latest from the CDC--
dialog: the only things were Measles and
dialog: HIN1. It wasn’t that.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF |
dialog: Then what was it?
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 14,
speaker_heading: ER DOC
dialog: She was very sick. We tried
dialog: everything we could-- she just
dialog: didn’t respond.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: From what?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ER DOC
dialog: We don’t always know. Some people
dialog: get a disease and live. Some
dialog: become sicker and die. My best
dialog: guess is that it was either
dialog: meningitis or encephalitis and with
dialog: encephalitis we’re in the dark 90
dialog: per cent of the time-- if it was
dialog: summer I might say a bug bite.
dialog: West Nile. Herpes can cause
dialog: encephalitis. We can tell you how,
dialog: but not always why. Her blood work
dialog: indicated some sort of massive
dialog: infection-- that’s how.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: I don’t understand. She didn’t
dialog: have herpes.
speaker_heading: ER DOC
dialog: If you want, we can order an
dialog: autopsy-- but I can’t guarantee
dialog: it’ll be conclusive. There are
dialog: also grief counselors who are very
dialog: helpful with this sort of passing.
dialog: I find that is where most people
dialog: get some resolution.
scene_heading: ACROSS THE FOYER
text: BUSINESS SUIT sits with Clark watching the game.
speaker_heading: BUSINESS SUIT
dialog: Hi, Clark. My name is. Miss Gage.
dialog: You want to go get a milk shake or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: CLARK
dialog: I’m not hungry.
speaker_heading: BUSINESS SUIT
dialog: Well, I am. Do you want to come
dialog: with me while your father talks to
dialog: the doctor? Come on...
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 15.
text: She takes his hand.
scene_heading: INT. SUBWAY TRAIN - TOKYO - DAY
text: A man holds on to a HAND STRAP on the absurdly crowded Tokyo
text: subway train. His face is sweaty. He Coughs a couple of
text: times, annoying fellow commuters. He mutters to himself and
text: squints against the flashing lights of a tunnel.
dialog: 
text: Suddenly he begins to CONVULSE. He falls to the ground
text: SEIZING violently. Onlookers don’t know what to do-- they
text: scramble to make room for the man. A YOUNG WOMAN calls for a
text: Doctor, an OLDER MAN hits an alarm on the inside of the car.
text: A WELL DRESSED business man’ stands with his cell phone aimed
text: at the seizing man-- still twitching and struggling like he’s
text: the victim of electrocution. He videotapes the man thrashing
text: around on the ground.
text: Slowly the man comes to a halt-- he lies there on the floor
dialog: of the train.
scene_heading: EXT. DUBAI - MORNING
text: The sunlight splashes off the high-rises. A plane vectors in
text: on final approach. The white caps fire in the Gulf of Aden.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL
scene_heading: INT. STUNNING APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS
text: RAFIK KHALIFA (40's) is propped up in an opulent bed before a
text: picture window. He is weak and exhausted. DR. AL-KURDI and
text: the butler AHRAF tend to him. The Doctor reads the
dialog: thermometer.
speaker_heading: AL-KURDI
dialog: {off the thermometer)
dialog: It's down. You keep resting and
dialog: you'll beat’ this thing. Take
dialog: aspirin for the fever and for the
dialog: headaches.
speaker_heading: RAFIK
dialog: I feel a little more myself today--
dialog: just so shocking about Irina.
dialog: They’re still saying it was drugs?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 16.
speaker_heading: ABRAF :
dialog: Yesterday he couldn’t remember my
dialog: name he was so delirious.
speaker_heading: AL-KURDI
dialog: Tf he gets like that again y
dialog: to take him to the hospital:
dialog: I think he’s on the mend.
dialog: 
text: Ahraf neds and takes away a glass of water and plate of eggs.
speaker_heading: RAFIK
dialog: Maybe someone can get me a
dialog: newspaper and some tea.
scene_heading: EXT. NICE HOUSE —- EDINA, MINNESOTA - MORNING
text: A WOMAN runs through a snow flurry at. dawn in her bathrobe.
text: She turns up the driveway to Thomas’ house.
text: She is sobbing and holding her cell phone. She arrives at the
text: door. Thomas answers.
speaker_heading: RUNNING WOMAN
dialog: Oh my God, Thomas. Something
dialog: happened with Clark. I went in to
dialog: wake him up this morning and I
dialog: couldn’t. He had thrown up and he
dialog: wasn’t breathing.
text: Thomas starts running toward his neighbor’s house. An
text: AMBULANCE red-shifts toward them.
scene_heading: INT, NOBLE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - MINNEAPOLIS - LATER
text: MRS. TATUM takes attendance-- FIVE DESKS ARE EMPTY this
dialog: morning.
scene_heading: MRS.. TATUM
dialog: So either we're getting an early
dialog: start on Thanksgiving vacation or
dialog: there’s a bug going around-- and
dialog: that means everyone needs to be
dialog: extra good about hand washing,
dialog: right? Remember what we learned
dialog: during swine flu?
text: The kids nod. She pretends to sneeze into the crook of her
dialog: arm,
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 17.
speaker_heading: MRS. TATUM (CONT’D)
dialog: Anyone carpool with Luke or Clark?
dialog: How about Liza or Steven J.?
dialog: Nobody.
scene_heading: INT. CREMATORIUM - HONG KONG - DAY
text: Li Bai sits in the waiting room. An older woman enters
text: pushing a cart with a simple URN on it. Bai is still in
dialog: shock.
speaker_heading: BAL
dialog: (off the urn)
dialog: Is it heavy? I‘m taking him home.
speaker_heading: URN WOMAN
dialog: T am sorry.
speaker_heading: BAI
dialog: May I have some tea? I am
text: exhausted.
speaker_heading: URN WOMAN
dialog: Yes, sit.
scene_heading: INT. NOBLE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - HALLWAY - CONTINUOUS
text: Mrs. Tatum heads down the hall toward the office. She passes
text: a COUGHING kid.
text: She arrives at the office.
speaker_heading: MRS. TATUM
dialog: I need to speak to Nurse Lear. My
text: class is shrinking.
scene_heading: SCHOOL ADMINISTRATOR
dialog: Lesley called in sick today-- we're
text: trying to find a sub.
speaker_heading: MRS. TATUM
dialog: The nurse is sick?
text: MR. GREY, the school principal, enters the office-- ashen.
speaker_heading: MR. GREY
dialog: {to Tatum)
dialog: You heard?
speaker_heading: MRS. TATUM
dialog: What? Lesley is sick?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 18.
speaker_heading: MR. GREY
dialog: Come in.
text: She follows him into his office. He closes the door.
speaker_heading: MR. GREY (CONT’D)
dialog: We got a call from Luke Warfield's
dialog: mother. Clark Morrow and his mother
dialog: passed away~-- they’re not sure from
dialog: what.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. MOSQUE - DUBAI ~ MORNING
text: Rafik’s butler, Ahraf does his morning prayers. The men are
text: lined up shoulder to shoulder on their mats. Ahraf is
text: sweating, but so are many of the other men, he rocks back on
text: his heels and coughs repeatedly.
text: The men on either side of him are distracted by the coughing--
text: it disrupts the prayer. Unable to stop, Ahraf makes his way
text: toward the exit.
scene_heading: INT. NOBLE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL - MINNEAPOLIS
text: The school is being evacuated in accordance with a plan
dialog: nobody ever planned on using. The buses aren’t where they
text: are Supposed tc be. There’s chaos in the foyer. MR. GREY
text: wears rubber gloves and stands in the crowd of kids-- he has
text: a directive that he reads from.
speaker_heading: MR. GREY
dialog: Now, you want to go on the same bus
dialog: that you took to school-- unless
dialog: your parents drove you or are
dialog: picking you up, in which case you
dialog: need to go outside to the baseball
dialog: field. Again if you have to cough-—
dialog: into your elbow and wash your hands
dialog: for thirty seconds. Sing the happy
dialog: birthday song and you’1ll know you
dialog: did it right.
text: Mrs, Tatum locks at the clusterfuck in front of her. A kid
text: with PIGTAILS approaches her,
speaker_heading: PIGTAILS
dialog: Mrs. Tatum, will you feel my head?
dialog: Do I feel warm?
text: She is reluctant to touch the kid.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 19.
speaker_heading: MRS. TATUM
dialog: I don’t think they want us to do
dialog: that, Becca.
scene_heading: INT. EMERGENCY ‘ROOM - FAIRVIEW SOUTHDALE HOSPITAL
text: EMHOFF: sits alone in an ISOLATION ROOM-- despondent over the
text: loss of his wife and step-son. A mask of grief and shock
text: across his face. A sign on the door says “RESPIRATORY
text: ISOLATION.” A FACE in an N-95 mask appears in the door.
text: A knock on the window brings Emhoff back. He pauses for a
text: moment and then remembers-- he pulls a surgical mask over his
dialog: own face.
text: THE MEDICAL TEAM enters, all wearing protective gear. They
text: regard him as though he is radioactive.
text: They present him with a cup of pills. They take blood, etc.
speaker_heading: ER DOC
dialog: Are there any open chemicals in
dialog: your house, Mr. Emhoff? Anything
dialog: in the basement or garage that your
dialog: son or wife may have come in
dialog: contact with?
text: He shrugs.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: Why them and not me? I’m not sick.
speaker_heading: ER NURSE
dialog: Your temperature is a little high,
dialog: Mr. Emhoff. Is that normal for
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: I don’t know...I have a daughter--
text: she's coming home from a band trip
dialog: today. Can someone give me my cell
dialog: phone? I want to call her mother.
text: A NURSE hands him his phone in a plastic bag. Every ‘item is
dialog: suspicious.
speaker_heading: ER DOC
dialog: There are a number of children who
dialog: are sick at your son’s school, Mr.
dialog: .Emhoff. The Health Department has
dialog: asked that we keep you here in
dialog: isolation for now.
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 20.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: I need to make arrangements-- the
dialog: funeral. Funerals.
speaker_heading: ER BOC
dialog: The Medical Examiner is going to do
dialog: an autopsy on your wife and
dialog: We need to do that te under
dialog: what is making people sick-
dialog: need you to call the funerai home
dialog: and have them release the bodies.
dialog: I’m sorry. I know this is an
dialog: incredibly difficult time for you.
dialog: Can you do that fer us?
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Emheff nods. _He gets the phone out of the plastic bag.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: I don’t know the number.
scene_heading: INT. MINNESOTA MEDICAL EXAMINER'S OFFICE - LATER
text: The ME and the ASSISTANT ME perform an autopsy on Beth in a
text: drab green room. A microphone hangs over the metal table to
dialog: record their findings.
text: On the next table lies CLARK‘’s corpse as well waiting for
dialog: autopsy.
speaker_heading: MINNESOTA ME
text: The deceased is a female, thirty-
dialog: two years of age. Case was
dialog: referred to the Medical Examiner’s
dialog: office 36 hours after time of death
text: on suspicion of meningitis.
text: They begin to open her skull with a surgical saw. They look
text: into Beth Emhoff’s brain and are aghast.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT ME
dialog: What the heil is that?
text: The ME is dumbstruck.
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT ME (CONT‘D)
dialog: You want me to take a sample?
text: The ME looks at the blood and tissue that has been sprayed on
text: both of them by the saw.
speaker_heading: MINNESOTA ME
dialog: IT want you to move away from the
dialog: table.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 21.
text: The Assistant does-- frightened.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ASSISTANT ME
dialog: Should I call someone?
speaker_heading: MINNESOTA ME
dialog: Call everyone.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. BUS - MAINLAND CHINA - DAY
text: Bai sits holding a bag with her brother’s urn inside of it on
text: her lap. She does not look well. She swallows hard as the
text: bus pulls into the station.
text: The PASSENGERS gather up their packages and produce and line
text: up for the door. Bai seems disoriented. She does not get
text: up. The passenger next to her is CONFUSED and wants to get
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: CONFUSED
dialog: (subtitled)
dialog: Are you getting off? This is
dialog: Chong’an.
speaker_heading: BAI
dialog: (subtitled) .
dialog: I’m not dressed for the beach.
dialog: 
text: CONFUSED is baffled by her response and pushes by her.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. BUS STATION - CONTINUOUS
text: Bai is the last off the: bus. She almost falls down. the
text: steps. She too is coughing now.
dialog: 
text: PULLING UP AND AWAY FROM BAI
text: She walks unevenly through the crowded bus station. People
text: cross her path oblivious to the threat she poses. She nearly
text: drops her bundle and a YOUNG MAN stops to help her.
text: He takes her bag and she leans on him. They walk toward the
text: exit together. Vanishing into the throng.
speaker_heading: LAUGHING VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: How do we know you’re not gonna put
dialog: us all in the hospital?
speaker_heading: SMASH CUT
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 22.
scene_heading: INT.. CONDO - CHICAGO’S GOLD COAST - AFTERNOON
text: A large dining room with a stunning view of Lake Michigan.
text: November gray and white capped. A party of ten watches DR.
text: ELLIS CHEEVER (40's) carve a Turkey as the Detroit Lions play
text: the Washington Redskins on a TV in the corner.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: According to our records you're
dialog: more likely to slip in the shower,
dialog: or get in a car wreck than contract
dialog: E. coli from Turkey.
text: Cheever gets a kiss from SUZANNE AUBREY (30's)-- the laughing
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: Elizabeth made the stuffing-- I
dialog: don‘t think it can hurt anyone, can
dialog: it, baby? Or, the sweet potatoes.
dialog: They have little marshmallows for
text: airbags.
text: Plates and platters are passed around the table. ELIZABETH
text: NYGAARD fills her plate with salad. Her THREE-YEAR OLD
text: DAUGHTER MISTY tugs at her leg.
speaker_heading: MISTY
dialog: T want marshmallows.
speaker_heading: ELIZABETH
text: Stuffing for Misty, but no bird for
dialog: me. I’m off the animals. Good
dialog: thing we didn’t go to Dallas. No
dialog: animal survives. My Dad makes this
dialog: Turducken thing...
text: Her husband-- DANIEL NYGAARD-- chimes in.
speaker_heading: DANIEL
text: It’s a chicken inside a duck inside
dialog: a turkey. Not a thing that happens
dialog: in nature.
speaker_heading: ON CHEEVER
text: His cell phone chirps-- and he puts down the carving knife
text: and answers.
speaker_heading: DANIEL CHEEVER
dialog: He fries it in an oi] drum in I'm sorry I gotta take this.
dialog: the driveway...
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 23.
text: Daniel continues on about the carnivores of Texas as Cheever
text: makes his way to the kitchen. Misty follows him.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: {on phone)
dialog: This is Dr. Cheever...OK...Uh-huh.
dialog: Outside of Minneapolis...I’m_
text: heading back to Atlanta inthe
dialog: morning. I don’t know who’s around
text: off the top of my head, but I’m
dialog: sure we can find somebody's holiday
dialog: to ruin. Alright, you enjoy your
dialog: dinner...I took the Redskins and
dialog: gave the points.
text: Cheever ends that call and scrolls through his phone. Hits
text: send. As he waits for the phone to ring he jots down some
text: notes on a scrap of paper in the kitchen.
text: ANGLE ON THE PAPER
dialog: “2 DEAD, 16 reported...Bloomington, Minnesota...”
speaker_heading: CHEEVER (CONT’D)
dialog: {on phone)
dialog: Hey, it's Cheever at about 5-ish on
dialog: Thanksgiving...I know this kinda
dialog: sucks, but we have something in
dialog: Minnesota. I‘m in Chicago, but
dialog: heading back first thing. If you
dialog: can meet tomorrow at the office
dialog: around noon. Bring warm clothes.
text: Cheever puts the phone away. Takes a small bottle ‘of PURELL
text: out of his pocket and douses his hands. He heads back in to
text: join the others and resume his dinner. .
scene_heading: INT. SAN FRANCISCO CHRONICLE - DAY
text: ALAN KRUMWIEDE (30‘s) sits in the Cafeteria with LORRAINE
text: VASQUEZ (40's). They are hunched over his laptop-- plastered
text: with a collection of stickers speaking to Krumwiede’s
dialog: fascination with conspiracies.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: I showed it to a doctor. He says it
text: doesn't look like epilepsy.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 24.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON COMPUTER SCREEN
text: A YouTube video of the Japanese man dying on the Marunouchi
dialog: Line.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: And it wasn’t some sort of-Falun
dialog: Gong sarin-attack. Only one person
dialog: got sick.
speaker_heading: VASQUEZ
dialog: Nobody helps him. Is he OK?
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: Read the posts. Some people say it
dialog: was staged, an art project, some
dialog: say that he died and they wouldn’t
dialog: do an autopsy-- covered it up.
speaker_heading: VASQUEZ
dialog: Covered what up?
text: Krumwiede clicks on his computer.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: Not sure. Maybe Minamata disease--
dialog: makes you mad as a hatter. It’s in
dialog: the fish. There have been
dialog: outbreaks in the past, but the
dialog: fishing industry suppresses it.
dialog: Industrial disease. You know how
dialog: many people read your paper over a
dialog: plate of sushi everyday?
speaker_heading: VASQUEZ
dialog: It‘s just one man and we don‘t even
dialog: know what happened.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: Just one man on video tape. We
dialog: doen't know how many others-~ fish
dialog: is being shipped all over the
dialog: world. Send me to Tokyo-- come on
dialog: Lorraine.
speaker_heading: VASQUEZ
dialog: Hobart does our health stuff, Alan,
dialog: you know that. We have almost no
dialog: freelance budget anymore. And
dialog: after swine flu ended up being a
dialog: punch-line, I think he’1l want to
dialog: wait.
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 25.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: You wait a few days and this will
dialog: be tweeted and MySpaced all over
dialog: the planet.
speaker_heading: VASQUEZ
dialog: I’1l ask Hobart.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: You're gonna give him my story,
dialog: aren’t you Lorraine?
speaker_heading: VASQUEZ
dialog: (offended)
dialog: What? Alan—
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: I taped this meeting. This story
dialog: runs in the Chronicle I will sue
dialog: your ass.
text: He shows her a tape recorder.
speaker_heading: VASQUEZ
dialog: Good-bye, Alan. Don’t call me
dialog: anymore.
text: She walks away.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
text: Print media is dying, Lorraine.
dialog: I'll save you a seat on the bus.
scene_heading: INT. UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA HOSPITAL - NIGHT
text: Emhoff sits in his bed in an isolation room. A NURSE in
text: serious protective gear draws his blood. She places the
text: vials directly in a COOLER and moves from his bedside to a
text: sealed vestibule.
text: Another person stands in the air-lock vestibule waiting--
dialog: it’s hard to make out much about the person from the amount
text: of protective gear they are wearing. But, they hold a piece
text: of PUMPKIN PIE.
text: COOLER and PUMPKIN PIE share the vestibule for a moment.
speaker_heading: COOLER
dialog: Wait until I’m out before you go
dialog: in, OK?
text: PUMPKIN PIE nods and watches as Cooler leaves the isolation
text: room. She enters.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 26.
text: Emhoff fights through the fear and loss to put on a brave
text: front for his daughter JORY (15).
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: Welcome to quarantine. Be careful.
dialog: They might not let you leave.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JORY
dialog: They told me it's isolation not
dialog: quarantine, Dad. Quarantine is
dialog: when they lock up everyone whether
dialog: they're sick or not. Isolation is
dialog: just when they lock up the sick
dialog: people.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: From my perspective there’s not
dialog: much difference.
speaker_heading: JORY
dialog: God, Dad-- what happened?
text: Emhoff shrugs.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: They were really sick, Jory. There
dialog: was nothing anyone could do.
text: She tries to understand.
speaker_heading: JORY
text: Mom sends her condolences. This is
dialog: from her.
text: She hands him the pie.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: After I eat it they'll probably
dialog: need to shoot the plate and fork
dialog: into space.. They don’t even want
text: me peeing in the plumbing.
speaker_heading: JORY
dialog: It’s on the news. They say twenty-
dialog: six people have it now, but like a
dialog: thousand people have come to the
dialog: emergency room. But, you're fine,
dialog: right?
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: Yeah, I‘m fine. Don’t worry.
speaker_heading: JORY
dialog: But, you were with them.
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 27.
speaker_heading: EMHOFP
dialog: Some people are immune. They
dialog: either don’t get it-- or if they do
dialog: get it they don’t die from it.
text: Somehow their bodies figure it out.
speaker_heading: JORY Te
dialog: Am I immune? ‘
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: I don’t know-- I’ve asked them to
dialog: try and find out, but they don't
dialog: seem to know very much yet.
speaker_heading: JORY
dialog: Do they know what it was?
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: They sent people over to the house
dialog: to check for chemicals, food,
text: rodents. Nothing there. The house
dialog: is fine.
speaker_heading: JORY
dialog: So, when do you get to leave?
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: I'm not sure. They want me to wait
dialog: a few. days after my temperature is
dialog: back to normal-- make sure I can't
dialog: get anyone sick.
dialog: 
text: She sits on the corner of his bed.
speaker_heading: JORY
dialog: You've never been normal.
text: He smiles underneath the mask.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: Yeah, well normal seems pretty far
dialog: away right now, but we'll get
dialog: there.
text: She lies down across the end of his bed-- drapes herself
text: across his feet.
scene_heading: EXT. CENTER FOR DISEASE CONTROL (CDC) - ATLANTA - DAY
text: DR. ERIN MEARS (30's and bright eyed) pulls her Toyota next
text: to an Audi in the parking lot. She gets a hanging bag from
text: the trunk and heads toward the elevator.
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 28.
scene_heading: INT. CDC - MOMENTS LATER
text: Mears sits with Cheever in the mestly empty building reading
dialog: a file. .
speaker_heading: CHEEVER .
dialog: We have outbreaks all the time up
dialog: there--- usually some bug in a
dialog: daycare center, or a chémical
dialog: someone has been working with in a
dialog: basement. Ne ventilation when the
dialog: weather gets cold, or food that
text: spoils at the county fair. The
dialog: Health Department contact-~ what's
dialog: their name? Swanson? Oshman?
text: Mears flips some pages.
speaker_heading: MEARS
text: Swanson. Oshman is an ER doc.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: They have five deaths and thirty-~
dialog: two cases-- there’s a cluster in an
dialog: elementary school.
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: (off the file)
dialog: But, nothing confirmed. I mean,
dialog: it’s all just encephalitis.
text: Cheever shrugs.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: You get Christmas and New Year’s
dialog: off for this. Call me when you get
dialog: there.
scene_heading: EXT. WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION - GENEVA ~ MORNING
text: People file into the building on a dreary Late November day.
scene_heading: INT. WHO - ORANTES OFFICE - SIMULTANEOUSLY
text: DR. LEONORA ORANTES (30s, European) notes something on her
dialog: computer.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE SCREEN
text: The Marunouchi Line video-~ she watches the man die for the
dialog: millionth time on the internet.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 29.
text: There‘s a knock on the door. It’s her boss-- DAMIAN LEOPOLD
dialog: (50's).
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD
dialog: Meeting’s starting. Drug resistant
dialog: TB forum.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: Yeah...In a minute. You've seen
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: Video. YouTube.
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD
dialog: Of what?
text: Leopold moves around the desk to watch.
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD (CONT’D)
dialog: Who posted it?
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: Journalist in San Francisco--
dialog: claims the government is concealing
dialog: cause of death.
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD
dialog: Looks like epilepsy. Come on, we
dialog: have people waiting.
text: She gets up and heads to the movie.
scene_heading: INT. HOUSING BLOCK - HONG KONG
text: The OLD CHINESE WOMAN enters the elevator with a package.
text: She does not look well.
text: ANGLE ON THE BUTTON FOR THE 4TH FLOOR
text: Smudged and smeared with repeated pressing. She presses it.
speaker_heading: MAN (0.S.)
dialog: Hold the elevator!
text: She presses the DOOR OPEN button as well. A MIDDLE AGED MAN
text: gets on as well.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 30.
speaker_heading: DOOR OPEN MAN
dialog: How are they?
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: No better. The younger one has
dialog: fever.
speaker_heading: DOOR OPEN MAN
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: (off the package)
dialog: Vinegar helps. I got the last
dialog: bottle, . Half the people on the
dialog: floor have it.
text: The elevator arrives at the 4th floor. She shuffles off.
text: HOLDS THE DOOR OPEN BUTTON for her.
text: Then rubs his nose.
scene_heading: INT. MINNEAPOLIS/ST. PAUL AIRPORT - EVENING
text: Mears sees a man holding a sign with her name on it. She
text: approaches.
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: Erin Mears, CDC.
speaker_heading: SWANSON
dialog: Dave Swanson from the Department of
dialog: Bealth. Flight OK?
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: Fine.
speaker_heading: SWANSON
dialog: You going to be warm enough? We’re
text: looking at around zero with the
dialog: wind chill.
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: This is the heaviest coat I have.
text: They head off.
speaker_heading: SWANSON
dialog: Don’t want you to catch a cold.
dialog: He
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 31.
scene_heading: INT. DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH, MINNESOTA - DAY
text: Mears, Swanson and other OFFICIALS from different departments
text: sit at tables taking notes.
text: On the wall is a schematic on brown butcher paper of all the
dialog: cases.
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: Any cases involving health care
dialog: workers who treated Emhoff or the
dialog: boy?
text: An FRESELY SCRUBBED BUREAUCRAT (30's) gives the update.
speaker_heading: FRESHLY SCRUBBED
dialog: We have 47 cases and 8 deaths as
dialog: far as we can tell-- but nothing's
dialog: confirmed. Because we don’t know
dialog: what we're confirming yet. We have
dialog: the health care workers in iso.
speaker_heading: SWANSON
dialog: A grief counselor who had contact
dialog: with the boy has symptoms-- so does
dialog: the ER nurse.
text: A DIRE LOOKING ASIAN MAN chimes in.
speaker_heading: DIRE
dialog: It’s a weekend-- these numbers
dialog: might be low. People just stay at
dialog: home sick for a couple of days and
dialog: see if they get better.
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: So at this point I think we have to
dialog: believe this is respiratory-- maybe
dialog: fomite, too.
speaker_heading: SCHOOL OFFICIAL
dialog: What's that? Fomite.
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: Transmission from surfaces. The
dialog: school kids touching water
text: fountains, door knobs and what have
dialog: you. It means it lives outside the
text: body for a period of time.
speaker_heading: SCHOOL OFFICIAL
dialog: Is that something we want to
dialog: release to the press?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10
text: Beat. DIANE NORDQUIST (40-ish) perks up at this-
dialog: Assistant Chief of Staff for the Governor.
speaker_heading: NORDQUIST
dialog: I think we're going to need to walk
dialog: the Governor through this kefore we
dialog: freak everybody out. Is there a
dialog: big risk in waiting til Monday, Dr.
dialog: Mears? I mean, we can’t even tell
dialog: people what they should be afraid
dialog: of right now-- that doesn’t play
dialog: well. We tried that with swine flu
dialog: and all we did was get healthy
dialog: people scared to death. It‘s the
dialog: biggest shopping weekend of the
dialog: year.
speaker_heading: DIRE
dialog: I think we need to consider closing
dialog: the schools.
speaker_heading: NORPQUIST
dialog: And who stays home with the kids?
dialog: People who work at stores,
dialog: government workers-- people who
dialog: work at hospitals. When will we
dialog: know what this is? What causes it?
dialog: What cures it?
speaker_heading: SWANSON
dialog: We've sent samples to CDC...two
dialog: other labs as well.
speaker_heading: NORDQUIST
dialog: {to Mears)
dialog: How long?
speaker_heading: MEARS.
dialog: In 72 hours we’ll know what it is--
dialog: if we’re lucky.
speaker_heading: NORDQUIST
dialog: Clearly, we’re not lucky.
scene_heading: EXT. GENEVA - LATER
dialog: 32.
dialog: She's the
text: ORANTES takes the train home past postcard-perfect Lake
text: Geneva. Her phone comes to life.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: Dr. Orantes...Yes?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: |
dialog: :
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 33.
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD (0.S.)
dialog: We received a cali from a Dr.
dialog: Tanaka in Tokyo. They’re sending a
dialog: sample for analysis.. They have a
dialog: number of people sick and can’t
dialog: identify the pathogen.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: How many?
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD (0.S.)
text: Three dead. Seven sick.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: The man from the Marunouchi Line
dialog: video? The man with the seizure?
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD (0.S.)
dialog: No, his wife and boss.
scene_heading: EXT. HARTSFIELD AIRPORT, ATLANTA - EVENING
text: A cargo plane taxis across the tarmac. Thanksgiving weekend.
text: Commercial flights are lined up nose to tail.
scene_heading: INT. ATLANTA - FEDEX COUNTER - CONTINUOUS
text: Boxes from all over the world are unloaded roughly by the
dialog: graveyard shift.
speaker_heading: CLOSE ON A BOX
scene_heading: “DANGEROUS BIOLOGICAL MATERIAL. KEEP REFRIGERATED.” It is
text: addressed to the CDC. The NIGHT MANAGER considers the box-—
text: reads the waybill.
speaker_heading: NIGHT MANAGER
dialog: (off the waybill into a
dialog: Nextel phone)
dialog: We got an urgent for CDC in Druid
dialog: Hills.
speaker_heading: NEXTEL VOICE (0.S.)
dialog: We've got all sorts of urgent. The
dialog: last truck went out twenty minutes
dialog: ago.
text: He puts the box in the next day’s pile.
speaker_heading: WIGHT MANAGER
dialog: Monday it is then.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 34.
scene_heading: INT. JOHN G. SHEDD AQUARIUM - CHICAGO - DAY
text: PAMELA NEAL walks with her FOUR YEAR OLD BOY past the GIANT
text: KELP FOREST toward a bathroom. She looks overwhelmed by the
text: crowds and the pain in her head.
dialog: 
text: The boy is melting down in a big way.7-She holds her phone
text: like a divining rod looking for a signal.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PAMELA NEAL
dialog: tT don’t feel that well, Tiger.
dialog: Whatever Dad brought home he gave
dialog: to all of us.
text: Nobody is answering.
speaker_heading: PAMELA NEAL (CONT’D)
dialog: Honey, can you just sit here with
dialog: me a minute. My legs feel really
dialog: strange...
text: The boy sits down and she holds him close.
speaker_heading: PAMELA NEAL (CONT’D)
dialog: (leaves a message)
dialog: Josh, where are you? I’m at the
dialog: Shedd and I just-feel awful. Maybe
dialog: you’re asleep. JI don‘t know that I
dialog: can drive home...I’m gonna try your
dialog: uh...uh...
text: She seems to have forgotten the word. She drops the phone
text: and her son picks it up. She walks awkwardly toward the
dialog: exit.
speaker_heading: MEARS (0.S.)
dialog: (prelap)
dialog: She flew back Hong Kong, Chicago,
dialog: Minneapolis. She had a five hour
text: layover at O'Hare.
scene_heading: INT. EMHOFF’S HOSPITAL ROOM - DAY
text: EMHOFF is still in isolation. Mears interviews him.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: She felt pretty bad when she got
dialog: home, but it just seemed like jet
dialog: lag and then it kinda turned into a
text: sore throat.
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 35.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MEARS.
dialog: Did her work involve contact with
dialog: livestock in any way? We know she
dialog: was in Hong Kong. On business?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: EMHOFF _
dialog: A few days for a team-building
dialog: exercise. She traveled a lot for
dialog: work.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: She mention seeing anyone who was
dialog: i11? Anyone on a plane? She maybe
dialog: eat anything off the street that
dialog: she mentioned? I know this is a
dialog: hard time to answer questions.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: She was kind of a food snob-~ don‘t
dialog: think she would do the street
dialog: thing. I already gave the Health
dialog: Department her itinerary and the
dialog: credit card receipts. Maybe she
dialog: got it from Clark. There’s like
dialog: ten sick kids at that school. And
dialog: I went there too, to pick him up.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Mears considers all the possibilities.
speaker_heading: MEARS.
dialog: She went through customs at 11:15am
dialog: and was on a 6pm flight ‘to
dialog: Minneapolis. Any idea what she did
dialog: in Chicago during that layover?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: Beat. This is news to Emhoff.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: Why? Is there anyone sick in
dialog: Chicago?
dialog: 
text: Mears studies him
dialog: 
speaker_heading: EMHOFF (CONT'D)
dialog: She said she missed her plane.
speaker_heading: MEARS.
dialog: 
dialog: Did she?
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: Before we. got married, my wife had
text: a relationship with a man there.
dialog: Josh Neal.
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 36.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF (CONT’D)
dialog: Is Josh Neal sick-- did we get this
dialog: 
dialog: from. him?
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: I can't- we’‘re investigating all
dialog: the-
text: Emhoff's anger rises at the prospect of someone to blame.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: I think I have a right to know.
dialog: Look at where IT am. I'd just like
dialog: to understand some of this.
scene_heading: INT. NEAL HOUSE ~ EVANSTON, Ii - SIMULTANECUSLY
text: Paramedics are putting JOSH NEAL into an ambulance. Pamela
text: looks on. Yhe Paramedic gets right in his face.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC PAMELA NEAL
dialog: Mr. Neal? I want you to stay He’s breathing right? I
dialog: with me here. Can you hear couldn’t wake him. We got
dialog: me? home and I couldn't wake him.
dialog: We both woke up sick this
text: morning. He had a sore throat
dialog: and his head hurt from the
dialog: light.
text: The PARAMEDIC puts his flashlight in her eyes. Checks her
dialog: pupils.
scene_heading: INT. UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA HOSPITAL - MOMENTS LATER
text: Emhoff watches Mears leave through the air lock-- only the
text: pen she was using to take notes remains on the side table.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNET CAFE, SF -- NIGHT
text: Krumwiede paces while he’s jacked up on coffee. A JAPANESE
text: WOMAN speaks on the SKYPE HEADSET on his laptop. Krumwiede
dialog: coaches her on what to say.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: Ask if they've admitted anyone else
dialog: in status epilepticus. Has anyone
dialog: else died?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTAGION
dialog: 1/14/10 37.
text: She translates into the phone. Krumwiede waits on a
dialog: response.
dialog: Krumwiede
speaker_heading: JAPANESE WOMAN
dialog: They want to know who you are?
dialog: 
text: looks through his. notes.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: Tell them I’m from the World Health
dialog: Organization.
speaker_heading: JAPANESE WOMAN
dialog: Alan, I don't think you should-
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: Why are they keeping secrets? Tell
dialog: them I work in infectious diseases
dialog: and saw the video on the internet.
text: She translates reluctantly. Krumwiede is keyed up.
dialog: She takes
dialog: Krumwiede
speaker_heading: JAPANESE WOMAN
dialog: They're. transferring me...
text: off the headset and hands it to Krumwiede.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: Hello...Dr. Alan Krumwiede here...
speaker_heading: JAPANESE ACCENT (0.S.)
dialog: Yes...We spoke to a Dr. Orantes in
dialog: Geneva yesterday. Five are dead——
dialog: thirty five cases.
dialog: makes notes.
speaker_heading: JAPANESE ACCENT (CONT'D)
dialog: Have you heard anything more about
dialog: the London cases? I hear they have
dialog: two clusters.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: (lying)
dialog: Yes, we know about the London
dialog: outbreak. .
speaker_heading: JAPANESE ACCENT (0.S.)
dialog: Three of our sick work here at the
text: hospital. Massive swelling in the
dialog: brain. I've seen nothing like it.
text: Krumwiede hangs up. Dazed.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 38.
speaker_heading: JAPANESE WOMAN
dialog: What did he say? Is it the fish?
dialog: Should I call my parents and tell
dialog: them not to eat the fish?
text: Krumwiede gets out a bottle of Purell.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: (rattled)
dialog: Uh...1 think you should definitely
dialog: call your parents,
scene_heading: INT, HOTEL ROOM - MINNEAPOLIS - MORNING
text: Mears makes a flow chart of the disease on the wall. It is
text: spreading...More cases now. Behind her on TV a news report
text: updates the latest information from in front of the hospital.
scene_heading: TV. NEWS REPORTER
dialog: (on TV)
dialog: Beyond the Edina Executive and her
dialog: son, five more Minnesotans have now
dialog: succumbed to what. is believed to be
text: a deadly encephalitis outbreak over
dialog: the holiday weekend. Officials at
dialog: the health department are urging
dialog: people to come to the emergency
dialog: room if they have any of the
dialog: following symptoms...fever, sore
dialog: throat, sever headaches, fatigue or
dialog: seizures.
text: She kicks it back to the ANCHOR MAN.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR MAN
text: Fever and headache and sore throat.
dialog: It’s not our friend the swine flu
dialog: coming back around?
speaker_heading: TV NEWS REPORTER
dialog: The official I spoke to did mention
dialog: that many of the symptoms might
text: appear to be flu-like.
speaker_heading: ANCHOR MAN
dialog: Well, we'll want to keep a close
dialog: eye on that story for any updates.
text: Next on sports. The Vikings
dialog: prepare for Monday night's showdown
dialog: against the Giants.
text: The phone rings-
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 39.
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: Mears.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER (0.S.)
dialog: So, the affair in Chicago?
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: Joshua Neal.
scene_heading: INT. CHEEVER’S APARTMENT, ATLANTA - NIGHT
text: Cheever is on the phone in his apartment.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: He was DOA at a hospital in
dialog: Chicago. His wife and kid were
dialog: also admitted. I’m asking for
dialog: samples.
scene_heading: INT. MEARS’ HOTEL ROOM - INTERCUT
text: Mears is already taping more paper to the wall. The flow
dialog: chart grows.
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: So she either had it in Chicago,
dialog: or she caught it in Chicago.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER:
dialog: We need to check the passengers on
text: the plane from LAX to O’Hare and
dialog: from Hong Kong to LA. We’re getting
dialog: the manifests-- it’s just hard on a
dialog: Sunday. Everyone's travelling
dialog: because of the holiday.
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: If you were going to do a
dialog: biological weapon-- nothing like a
dialog: few million family dinners to get
text: it going. People travelling.
dialog: Shopping. Saying hello and good~
dialog: bye. I’m sure it's crossed
dialog: someone’s mind,
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: It’s crossed a lot of minds. Other
dialog: agencies aré all over this now.
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: (off the weather report)
dialog: It’s like ten degrees here.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 40.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: (joking)
dialog: Ebola usually happens in warm
dialog: places-- you rather be on that?
scene_heading: INT. HOUSING BLOCK - HONG KONG - DAY".
text: A man in a robe RUNS down the hall. He knocks on the door of
text: an apartment urgently.
speaker_heading: RUNNING MAN
dialog: {shouting at door)
dialog: Look out the window...Look.
text: He runs to another door and a third in the hallway opens. A
text: COUGHING man emerges.
speaker_heading: COUGHING MAN
dialog: What is it? What's happening.
text: More doors are opening now and the inhabitants are flooding
text: toward the stairwell.
speaker_heading: RUNNING MAN
text: They're outside.
scene_heading: EXT. HOUSING BLOCK - HONG KONG ~ CONTINUOUS
text: A number of military style trucks are parking and a small
text: army of MEDICAL PROFESSIONALS in masks move quickly on the
dialog: building.
text: There are ARMED PERSONNEL wearing masks as well. They enter
text: the building and seal off the exits. A MAN WITH A MEGAPHONE
dialog: speaks.
speaker_heading: MEGAPHONE
text: Residents of Chrysanthemum Gardens.
dialog: Please stay in your apartments. We
dialog: will be coming door to door with
dialog: medical treatment. Please stay
dialog: inside. This is for your own safety
dialog: and the safety of your neighbors.
text: But, some of the panic stricken residents are making a run
text: for it. The RUNNING MAN jumps out a second floor window and
text: is heading round the corner when he is apprehended by a
speaker_heading: SOLDIER.
text: But, other RESIDENTS escape scattering into the crowds.
dialog: Running.
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 41.
dialog: Two nurses take the temperatures of those who do not run--
text: THE OLD WOMAN AND HER CHILDREN are in line. They call out
speaker_heading: the RESULTS.
speaker_heading: RESULTS
dialog: 38.1.
dialog: 
text: They are put in the truck. Next, the man from the elevator.
speaker_heading: RESULTS 2
dialog: Normal.
text: And the man is allowed to walk away.
scene_heading: INT. BSL-3 LAB - CDC - DAY
scene_heading: DR. ALLY HEXTALL (40's) and her colleague-- DR. DAVID
scene_heading: EISENBERG (30's, Israeli) put on protective BLUE SUITS with N-
text: 95 masks with Plexiglass face shields. They make their way
text: through the air-locks and chambers.
speaker_heading: EISENBERG
dialog: You have a good Thanksgiving?
speaker_heading: HEXTALL
dialog: I worked.
speaker_heading: EISENBERG
dialog: (sarcastic)
dialog: Really? You?
speaker_heading: HEXTALL
dialog: Salmonella thing in Texas-- pretty
dialog: limited.
text: They move past centrifuges and incubators-- mechanical boxes
text: and microscopes.
text: They arrive at an air-locked compartment in the wall.
text: Eisenberg opens it and retrieves THE PARCEL. He puts it ona
text: table and begins to open it. Careful not to lance his suit
text: with a BOX CUTTER.
speaker_heading: HEXTALL (CONT’D)
dialog: What do we have?
text: Eisenberg delicately opens the blood sample from its
text: containment. He places it in a centrifuge.
speaker_heading: EISENBERG
dialog: Young woman in Minnesota-- goes
text: into a coma after seizure. Dies a
text: few hours later.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 42.
speaker_heading: EISENBERG (CONT'D)
dialog: Recently traveled to China. Son
dialog: also died. As of this morning, 87
text: cases and fifteen dead.
text: Hextall opens the tissue sample of brain. She places it on a
text: tray. Speckles of blood on her rubber. gloves.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: EISENBERG (CONT'D)
dialog: Is it anywhere else yet?
speaker_heading: HEXTALL
dialog: (off the brain)
dialog: Yeah, it’s on my gloves.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT, WHO - CONFERENCE ROOM
text: The daily briefing. Ten people sit around a table watching
text: slides of the evacuation from the CHRYSANTHEMUM GARDENS
dialog: housing block in Hong Kong. j
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD
dialog: What we are hearing from Beijing is
dialog: that the outbreak is contained to
dialog: Chrysanthemum complex in Hong Kong. |
text: Two deaths and ten suspected cases.
dialog: 
text: An Asian Doctor is dubious.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DUBIOUS
dialog: Nothing in Hong Kong is contained.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: How may people live in
dialog: Chrysanthemum?
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD
dialog: Six thousand. It’s central
dialog: Kowloon.
speaker_heading: DUBIOUS
dialog: Hospital admissions?
speaker_heading: LECPOLD
text: They are not disclosing yet.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: Is there any vinegar left in the
dialog: stores?
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD
dialog: Vinegar?
scene_heading: CONTAGION 4/14/10 43.
speaker_heading: DUBIOUS
dialog: Traditional remedy. If the vinegar
dialog: is gone-- we're way behind the
dialog: curve.
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD .
text: The Chinese are sending sariples.
dialog: Should be here in 24 hours.
text: An INDIAN DOCTOR starts handing out a report.
speaker_heading: INDIAN DOC
dialog: OK, we are seeing Cholera in
dialog: Bangladesh in large numbers
dialog: following the flooding.
dialog: The slides are now of Bangladesh. The world never runs out
dialog: of the sick.
scene_heading: EXT. CDC - PARKING LOT - MORNING
text: Cheever heads toward the entry. “ROGER the JANITOR (50's,
text: African American) takes a hit off ‘his INHALER as he moves
text: some trash bins.
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: Morning, Dr. Cheever.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: You kicked ass’ in the pool this
dialog: weekend.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Go Falcons!
text: Cheever is clocked by a MAN ON A BENCH who is talking on his
dialog: cell phone.
speaker_heading: BENCH MAN
dialog: Dr. Cheever?
text: Cheever stops.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Can I help you.
speaker_heading: BENCH MAN
dialog: Dennis French, Department of
dialog: Homeland Security. Have a moment?
text: Cheever shrugs. French finishes up his call.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10
speaker_heading: FRENCH
dialog: {to phone)
dialog: t found him-- tell the unit on the
text: way to his house to come in.
text: Cheever is alarmed by this.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT, CDC - CONFERENCE ROOM ~ MOMENTS LATER
dialog: 44,
text: Cheever, French and CDC ASST. DIRECTOR LYLE HAGGERTY who is
text: in his COAST GUARD UNIFORM. French has photos of the
text: enforced quarantine in Kowloon.
speaker_heading: FRENCH
dialog: This happened yesterday in Kowloon.
dialog: Workers at a casino in Macau
dialog: striking over conditions-- three
dialog: have died in one bunk house. CIA
dialog: thinks there may be a connection.
text: Cheever writes down the numbers.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Casinos are of particular concern
dialog: to Homeland Security.
speaker_heading: FRENCH
dialog: If someone is ready to blow
text: themselves up at a pizzeria, then
dialog: the thought of walking through a
dialog: crowded casino or an airport
dialog: spreading Small Pox or anthrax must
dialog: have crossed their mind. We're
text: asking for a list of casino guests.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: What did they die of? The three.
speaker_heading: PRENCH
dialog: Reports are vague~- seizures,
dialog: comas.
text: Cheever and Haggerty share a look.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: We've’ reached out to WHO-- see what
dialog: they know.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Emhoff traveled to Hong Kong-- I’11l
dialog: check on Macau. She stopped in
text: Chicago on the way home.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 45.
speaker_heading: FRENCH
dialog: And?
dialog: Beat. Cheever knows what's coming.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER -
dialog: We know of at least one death in
dialog: Chicago-- no confirmation yet. But,
dialog: we believe that Emhoff was in
dialog: contact with the Chicago case.
speaker_heading: FRENCH
dialog: We've run scenarios like this.
dialog: We're going to want to alert the
dialog: administration and the NSA. When
dialog: will we know how to stop this?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: After we figure out what it is—-
dialog: and if it’s the same thing
dialog: everywhere.
text: French is not happy with this answer.
speaker_heading: FRENCH
dialog: Is there any way someone could
dialog: weaponize bird flu? Is that what
dialog: we’re looking at?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Someone doesn’t have to weaponize
dialog: bird flu. That's what the birds
dialog: are doing.
scene_heading: INT. cDC - LAB - SIMULTANEOUSLY
text: THE VIRUS! Electron microscopy shows irregular spheres with
text: spikes. There are bulbs at the end of spikes that fit into
text: human cells like keys in locks.
speaker_heading: A MONITOR
text: The Virus has been isolated. Eisenberg and Hextall puzzle
text: over it.
speaker_heading: HEXTALL
dialog: Go in a field.
text: Eisenberg clicks a mouse and the virus enlarges.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 46.
speaker_heading: EISENBERG
dialog: I'm not seeing much cross-
dialog: reactivity. Her body had no idea
dialog: what to do about it.
speaker_heading: HEXTALL
dialog: Novel. Shit.
text: Another computer display spells it out in genetic. sequence.
text: A series of consonants and numbers spell out a brand new
dialog: word.
speaker_heading: HEXTALL (CONT‘D)
dialog: Send the image to Sussman in San
dialog: Francisco and Feldman in New York.
dialog: See if they have any ideas. But, I
dialog: don’t want it going wide yet.
speaker_heading: ETSENBERG
dialog: What do we say upstairs?
speaker_heading: HEXTALL
dialog: All we can tell them is what it’s
dialog: not-- and they can tell the world
dialog: what that means.
scene_heading: INT. ORANTES’ OFFICE - NIGHT
text: She watches the Marunouchi Line video again and again. There
text: have now been two million hits. It has gone viral.
text: She notices something. Pauses the video. She makes it full
dialog: screen.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON SCREEN
text: The man carries a BAG on his shoulder-- when he tumbles, but
text: the contents spill out.
text: THE DUBIOUS COLLEAGUE from the earlier briefing works across
text: the hall. She yells to him.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: Can I ask you something?
text: He walks into hex office.
speaker_heading: ORANTES (CONT'D)
dialog: What does that look like to you?
speaker_heading: DUBIOUS
dialog: Airplane ticket.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 47.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: Which airline?
speaker_heading: DUBIOUS
dialog: I’m not. sure, I don’t fly that
dialog: much. -
dialog: —_
text: Orantes types quickly on her computer-- brings up the AIR
text: CHINA HOMEPAGE. The colors on’ the website match the ticket
text: jacket lying near the Marunounchi Man.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: This one?
speaker_heading: DUBIOUS
dialog: Looks like it to me.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: Yeah, me too.
scene_heading: INT. CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE - MORNING
text: The futures floor is crowded with TRADERS shoulder to
text: shoulder waiting for the day to begin. A MAN WITH A ROUGH
text: VOICE gets up with a microphone.
speaker_heading: ROUGH VOICE
text: Over the weekend, a friend and
text: colleague passed away. Joshua Neal.
dialog: He was a good father. A good man.
dialog: Anda loyal friend. I'd like us
text: all to join in a moment of silence
dialog: for our co-worker Josh Neal.
text: Silence spreads across the men in the pits. They search the
text: top of their shoes for solace. The silence is punctuated
text: with the HOARSE COUGH of a TRADER BREAKING A SWEAT.
scene_heading: INT. 3M OFFICES - MINNESOTA - DAY
text: Mears, Swanson and other MEMBERS of an INVESTIGATIVE TEAM
text: enter the office building on a mission. They wear DEPT OF
text: HEALTH windbreakers-- some wear masks, all wear gloves. They
dialog: carry vessels for containment of biological matter.
text: A HUMAN RESOURCES WORKER points toward the stairs. It feels
text: like an FBI raid.
speaker_heading: HR WORKER
text: Ms. Emhoff was on the third floor.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 48.
text: Swanson and the team head into the stairwell. Mears leads
dialog: the way with the HR worker.
speaker_heading: HR WORKER (CONT'D)
dialog: We have the list you asked. for.
dialog: 
text: She hands her a slip of paper.
speaker_heading: HR WORKER (CONT'D)
text: They're in the conference room on
dialog: the fifth floor. They were told to
dialog: keep ten feet apart.
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: By whom?
speaker_heading: HR WORKER
dialog: The on-site nurse, There was a lot
dialog: of anxiety and it seemed getting
dialog: them all in the same place and away
dialog: from the other employees would be
dialog: best. We closed up the bathroom
dialog: she was using and brought in a
dialog: cleaning team.
scene_heading: THE CLEANING TEAM
text: Ten strong and fully outfitted. Washing down every work
text: surface and keyboard with ammonia and Lysol and anything else
dialog: that kills the small and nasty. They treat it like it’s a
dialog: hazardous waste spill.
speaker_heading: SWANSON
dialog: We’re not gonna get much here-~
text: pretty much been sanitized.
scene_heading: INT, FIFTH FLOOR CONFERENCE ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: Mears addresses a group of ELEVEN NERVOUS EMPLOYEES.
speaker_heading: NERVOUS 1
dialog: There was a package she messengered
dialog: from Hong Kong that I opened.
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: Shouldn't be an issue-- virus can’t
dialog: live for days on a box. Anybody
dialog: meet her at the airport or see her
dialog: when she got back?
text: Nervous looks all around.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 49.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NERVOUS 2
dialog: Sometimes we do pilates together,
dialog: but she didn’t feel up to it.
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: So, you had no contact with her?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NERVOUS 2
text: Only over the phone.
speaker_heading: NERVOUS 3
dialog: (holds. forward a coffee
dialog: cup)
dialog: We had coffee the day she came in--
dialog: I think she might have moved my. cup
dialog: because it was on some papers. I
dialog: can’t remember.
speaker_heading: SWANSON
dialog: How many days ago?
speaker_heading: NERVOUS 3
dialog: Six. I’d like to be tested-- my
text: head is buzzing.
text: People move away from her.
speaker_heading: HR WORKER 1
dialog: The security log says that Dave
dialog: Amdahl was here during those hours.
speaker_heading: NERVOUS 1
dialog: Dave worked on another floor.
speaker_heading: SWANSON
dialog: Was he at the meeting?
speaker_heading: NERVOUS 3
dialog: No, but he was: with her.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: And how’s that?
speaker_heading: NERVOUS 3
text: Her car was stuck in the snow and
dialog: he pushed it out.
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: Where is he?
text: HR calls down to his office. Everyone waits and watches.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 50.
speaker_heading: HR WORKER
dialog: May I speak to Dave...Uh...uh...20
dialog: minutes.
text: She hangs up.
speaker_heading: HR WORKER (CONT ’D}
dialog: He got a late start this morning-~
text: he’s on his way in.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: Does you have his cell. phone
dialog: number?
scene_heading: INT. MINNEAPOLIS CITY BUS - SIMULTANEOUSLY
text: DAVE AMDAHL (30‘s) on a crowded city bus-- he coughs and
text: drinks his coffee. Looks a little sweaty-- not great. His
text: phone rings.
speaker_heading: AMDAHL
dialog: Hello...This is. Yeah, should be
dialog: there soon...I got a late. start
text: today. Two sick ones at home.
dialog: Needed to get my sister to-‘come
dialog: over and stay with them......
text: A long pause as we hear Mears trying to remain calm on the
text: other. end of the line.
speaker_heading: MEARS (0.S.)
dialog: Where are you at this moment?
speaker_heading: AMDAHL
text: On the bus.
text: He pulls the wire to signal the bus to stop at the next
text: corner. Anxiety building.
speaker_heading: AMDAHL (CONT’D)
dialog: Yeah, I‘m getting off.
dialog: He does.
scene_heading: EXT. MINNEAPOLIS STREET CORNER — CONTINUOUS
text: People mill about. Amdahl is still on the phone. Freaked
dialog: out.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 Sl.
speaker_heading: AMDAHL
dialog: She couldn‘t get the car out so I
dialog: helped. I pushed for a while, but
dialog: then I just drove it out for her...
text: He looks at his own hands.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: AMDAHL (CONT’D)
text: They were on the wheel.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT, OFFICIAL CAR/CHEEVER'S OFFICE AT CDC - MOMENTS LATER -
speaker_heading: INTERCUT
dialog: 
text: Mears drives to get Amdahl-- sirens blazing. Speaks. to :
text: Cheever who is on the phone in his office. ‘
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: As of this morning we have
dialog: somewhere between 22 and 39
dialog: fatalities-- but people are coming
dialog: back from the holiday-- could get
dialog: crazy. .Two more deaths last night.
dialog: Both connected to the hospital-- ER
dialog: nurse who saw Emhoff and another
text: patient in the ER.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
text: Hextall says it’s novel. Sussman
text: says it's mosaic. Feldman says
dialog: it’s part human and part pig-- but
dialog: not H1IN1. We‘re trying to put
dialog: together a press statement for this
dialog: afternoon. We've got dead in
dialog: Tokyo, London, Macau and the WHO is
dialog: telling us the Chinese quarantined
dialog: an apartment building-- they have
dialog: 
text: five dead.
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: Out of how many?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: They’re not saying.
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: You gonna call a national
dialog: emergency?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: And say what? We can’t hide from
dialog: the air. Can’t spell pandemic
text: without spelling panic. Still cold
dialog: there?
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 52.
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: Until July from what I understand.
dialog: Just bought a down parka and wool
dialog: hat. I‘li be expensing those.
dialog: There‘s a football game here
text: tonight. Sixty thousand people in a
dialog: small space, using the same~rést
text: rooms and water fountains.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: We called the governor-~ he has
text: tickets on the 50 yard line.
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: I gotta go-- we found our spreader.
text: They arrive at Amdahl. He sinks to his knees-- terrified.
speaker_heading: MEARS (CONT‘D)
dialog: Mr. Amdahl, I want you to put on
text: this mask and get in the ambulance.
dialog: We believe you may have come in
text: contact with a highly contagious
dialog: virus. OK? Do you understand?
text: He is given a mask and climbs into the ambulance.
scene_heading: INT. AMERICAN EMBASSY - DUBAI ~ DAY
text: In a conference room with an American Flag framed on the
text: wali, three U.S. OFFICIALS IN SUITS sit with Rafik and a HIS
text: LAWYER. Two of the officials wear N-95 masks and the third
speaker_heading: PACES.
speaker_heading: PACES
dialog: Prior to London you were in Hong
dialog: Kong and Macau. Prior to that you
dialog: were in Dubai and Riyadh.
speaker_heading: RAFIK'S LAWYER
dialog: We have provided a complete
dialog: itinerary.
speaker_heading: RAFIK
dialog: Are the masks necessary? No one
dialog: here is ill.
text: They ignore him.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL 1
dialog: And the young woman who died in
dialog: London? You had known her long?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 53.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RAFIK
dialog: We met last spring in Chamonix.
speaker_heading: RAFIK’S LAWYER
dialog: He has meetings in Miami next week.
dialog: I don’t understand--
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RAFIK
dialog: I’ve never had a visa request
dialog: rejected before. I've had two
dialog: congressmen as guests here in
dialog: Dubai.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL 2
dialog: Also, we understand your butler
dialog: died of an undetermined illness as
dialog: well this week.
speaker_heading: PACES
dialog: Is gambling a passion of yours, Mr.
dialog: Khalifa? Have you been to Las
dialog: Vegas? Atlantic City? Macau?
dialog: 
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: RAFIK’S LAWYER
dialog: You know he was in Macau.
speaker_heading: PACES
dialog: You have holdings in two Romanian
dialog: drug companies. We'd like to talk
dialog: to you more about that, Mr.
dialog: Khalifa.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RAFIRK
dialog: This is bullshit. Absurd.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: RAFIK'S LAWYER
dialog: He's lost a loved one and an
dialog: employee in the last week or so-~
dialog: he himself has been ill. Why are
dialog: you harassing him?
speaker_heading: PACES
dialog: There are people in this part of
dialog: the world who have stated an
dialog: interest in biological weapons. Do
dialog: you know any of these people?
text: Rafik gets up to leave.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL 1
dialog: We would like a blood sample, Mr.
dialog: Khalifa.
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 54.
speaker_heading: RAFIK
dialog: What are you saying? I killed
dialog: someone?
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL 1
dialog: We'd like a blood test to be
dialog: administered by a physician--
dialog: affiliated with the US military
dialog: here-~ I think you can understand
dialog: how we would arrive at such a
dialog: request. We mean no offense.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: He slides an appointment card toward him.
speaker_heading: RAFIK
dialog: I‘d Like to go now. I’11 be
text: contacting Senator Schumer's office
dialog: about this.
text: He leaves the card on the table.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY. (0.S.)
dialog: (prelap)
dialog: It’s always a good idea to have
dialog: water and canned goods on hand...
scene_heading: INT. CDC —- PRESS CONFERENCE - DAY
text: Cheever holds forth before a sea of reporters. Haggerty and
text: a group of other grim faced officials stand behind him. They
text: are active on their Blackberries-- new reports are walked in.
speaker_heading: RAGGERTY
dialog: -.- Regardless if the threat is an
dialog: earthquake or outbreak or
dialog: hurricane. All emergency service
dialog: providers advocate that. I’m going
dialog: to turn it over te Dr. zllis
dialog: Cheever, Deputy Director of our
dialog: Infectious Disease Center.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
text: OK. There is a release posted on
dialog: our website that is updated hourly.
dialog: Here's the situation in Minnesota-~
dialog: which is very fluid right now. 35
dialog: are believed dead. We are
dialog: processing samples. Until we do
dialog: that we can’t confirm that the
dialog: deaths are the result of the same
dialog: illness.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 55.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 1
dialog: Can you say what drugs you believe
dialog: will be effective at this point?
dialog: Antibiotics? Anitvirals?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: I can’t. answer that. We need to
dialog: identify the infectious agent
dialog: first.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 1
dialog: Tamiflu? Relenza? Were they
dialog: depleted by the Swine Flu outbreak?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: It would be irresponsible to
dialog: recommend a. course of treatment
dialog: without an understanding of the
dialog: disease.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: REPORTER 2
dialog: So, there’s no medical treatment?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: We have isolated the virus, but not
dialog: identified it. That’s job one.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 2
dialog: And when will it be identified?
dialog: There are reports on the web out of
dialog: Hong Kong that it’s avian flu. Can
dialog: you comment on that?
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT GENEVA - NIGHT - SIMULTANEOUSLY
text: In the departures lounge, Orantes watches the press
text: conference on CNN INTERNATIONAL.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: We do not believe this is H5N1-- or
text: a mutated HIN1. The World Health
dialog: Organization has sent an
dialog: epidemiologist to Hong Kong to try
dialog: and identify the origins of
dialog: whatever it is we are looking at.
dialog: We do know that the person in
dialog: Minnesota who appears to be the
dialog: index patient had travelled to that
dialog: part of the world.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 2
dialog: But, you don’t know what it is?
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 56.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: That doesn’t stop us from knowing
dialog: what it’s not.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 3
dialog: Are you issuing any warning about
dialog: plane travel at this point?--Or,
dialog: schools?
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. NICE BOUSE — EDINA, MINNESOTA - SIMULTANEOUSLY
text: Emhoff watches the conference on a local NBC affiliate with
dialog: Jory.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
text: The cpc is in discussions with
dialog: Homeland Security and other
dialog: branches of government and we refer
dialog: you to our website for updates on
dialog: warnings and school closures. That
dialog: will be up to the states.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 4
dialog: Is the FDA prepared to pull any
dialog: foods or issue any warnings?
dialog: Farmers in Iowa have voluntarily
dialog: culled birds today and farmers in
dialog: Texas are following suit. |
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CHEEVER |
dialog: There is no reason to believe at
dialog: this point that food stocks have
dialog: been compromised. |
speaker_heading: REPORTER 4
dialog: But, you don’t know?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: We believe it is passed by normal
text: respiration from an infected
dialog: person. We have posted symptoms on
dialog: the website-- One more question.
scene_heading: INT. INTERNET CAPE, SF -~ SIMULTANEOUSLY
text: Krumwiede watches on FOX NEWS.
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 57.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 5
dialog: There is blogging on the internet
dialog: from credible sources that this may
dialog: be a biological weapon we are
text: seeing. In fact, an extremist
dialog: organization has taken credit on
dialog: the internet-- an Algerian..gzoup
dialog: with ties to Saudi Arabia...
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Again, that’s not my world. We are
dialog: in touch with Homeland Security--
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: And we are sharing information and
dialog: samples with health and
dialog: intelligence organizations around
dialog: the world. Thank you.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 3 :
dialog: Can you repeat the affected cities \
dialog: so far? ,
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Again, the US cities affected are
dialog: Minneapolis, Chicago, Los Angeles,
dialog: Boston and Salt Lake...We expect
dialog: that number to grow as people
dialog: return from their holidays.
text: Cheever steps away from the podium.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 2
dialog: Your name again.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
scene_heading: Ellis Cheever...C-H-E-E-V-E-R.
scene_heading: INT. METRODOME —- MINNESOTA
text: The Vikings are playing the GIANTS-- MONDAY NIGHT FOOTBALL.
text: There are some empty seats. A few fans wear N~95 protective
text: masks, most do not. There is a crawl on the scoreboard that
dialog: says: "The Minneapolis Health Department reminds you to
dialog: cover your mouth when you cough and wash your hands
dialog: frequently.”
text: A SOFT PRETZEL makes its way down a row of FANS and a TWENTY
text: DOLLAR BILL makes its way back toward the vendor who licks
text: his fingers and peels off change. A conveyor belt of virus
dialog: spread.
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 58.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY - MINNEAPOLIS - SIMULTANEOUSLY
text: Mears watches the game on TV. She has some soup and salad.
text: At the bar THREE DELTA FLIGHT ATTENDANTS talk among
dialog: themselves.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: The company is saying that if we
dialog: think someone is sick we need to
dialog: repert them. Are we gonna throw
dialog: them out at 30,000 feet?
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT 2 ;
dialog: Has the union said anything yet? I
dialog: hear that BA is stopping flights te
dialog: Chicago and Boston.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ATTENDANT
dialog: There’s a thing today on the
dialog: internet that there are samples |
text: missing from the Army labs in j
dialog: Maryland. That's what this is. :
dialog: They were trying to make a flu shot i
dialog: and this happened. Someone messed |
dialog: up big time. i
dialog: . 1
dialog: 
dialog: Mears signs her check. |
scene_heading: INT. CHEK LAP KOK ATRPORT - HONG KONG - MORNING |
text: Orantes arrives from Geneva. She is ushered through an
text: INFRARED FACE SCAN machine that checks her temperature. The
text: line is outrageously long. Children are checked with ear
dialog: thermometers.
text: She steps through the machine. Neo alarms, no problems. She
text: is fifty feet away when a kerfuffle breaks out behind her. A
text: man is being DETAINED. He is a bit older and speaks English
text: with an accent. She stops.
speaker_heading: DETAINED
dialog: My temperature is always high. I
dialog: have a thyroid condition.
text: But he is being led away by uniformed and masked workers.
speaker_heading: DETAINED (CONT'D)
dialog: I am a Dutch citizen and I want to
dialog: be taken to my Embassy. You have
dialog: no right to do this.
text: People give him a wide berth. Orantes keeps going.
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 59.
scene_heading: INT. CRISIS ROOM - CDC - NIGHT
text: A mission control set-up to monitor the progress of the
text: disease. Screens cover the local news in different cities.
text: Different parts of the room are dedicated to different
dialog: regions of the country.
dialog: 
text: In a glass walled conference room, Cheever surveys a white
text: board covered in marker. A diagram of what we know so far--
dialog: Minneapolis, Chicago, London, Hong Kong, Dubai and beyond-—
text: dotted lines connecting places and names. It‘s spreading
text: like a blood stain on the map.
text: Cheever’s cell phone rings.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Yeah, I’m still here...What‘s the
dialog: news saying?
text: He looks at the butcher paper flow chart-- eyes Chicago.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER (CONT'D)
dialog: We don’t know about Tamiflu yet.
dialog: Yeah, we have samples from Chicago.
dialog: I don't know...Get some saline
dialog: spray for your nose. You still
dialog: eating leftovers? Yeah...I think
dialog: New Year’s in Mexico sounds good.
dialog: Where is. Daniel’s place?
text: Hextall walks in, grim look on her face.
speaker_heading: HEXTALL
dialog: The Japan sample matches the
dialog: Minnesota samples. The WHO says
dialog: they have a match with the London
dialog: cluster. We're level four and
text: headed to level five.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: {into phone)
dialog: Babe, I’1]l call you later. I gotta
dialog: go.
scene_heading: EXT. UNIVERSITY OF SAN FRANCISCO - NIGHT
text: A tired man in his late 40's comes out of the science
text: building. His name is DR. IAN SUSSMAN-- he speaks into a
text: dictaphone. He is unaware of this but ALAN KRUMWIEDE is a
text: few steps behind him.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 60.
speaker_heading: SUSSMAN .
dialog: {into a tape recorder)
dialog: Shows novel characteristics and
text: looks mosaic in origin. All
dialog: attempts to grow the virus on
dialog: tissue have failed...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: I knew it was a mosaic. It‘s
dialog: Godzilla, King Kong and
dialog: Frankenstein all in one.
text: He recognizes Krumwiede.
speaker_heading: SUSSMAN
dialog: Fuck, really? Get away from here,
dialog: Alan. ‘You're not a doctor and
dialog: you‘re not a reporter.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: IT am a reporter. Yes I am.
speaker_heading: SUSSMAN
text: Blogging isn’t writing.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: (getting angry)
dialog: There are rumors that it’s a
dialog: biological weapon-- have you spoken
speaker_heading: to USAMRIID?
speaker_heading: SUSSMAN
dialog: Go away, Alan.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: It’s getting on planes, it's going
dialog: to museums, you always said in_
dialog: class when medical people are dying
dialog: it‘s time to be scared. The
dialog: nurses’ union in Minneapolis is
dialog: raising ethical issues-- they’re
dialog: staying home. Tamiflu doesn’t do
dialog: shit this time. We’re naked.
speaker_heading: SUSSMAN
dialog: I'm surprised you remember anything
dialog: from class, Alan.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: I’ve been following it online since
dialog: the Marunouchi Man-- it's 25%
dialog: fatal. Small Pox numbers. The
dialog: nightinare cometh.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 61.
speaker_heading: SUSSMAN
text: The nightmare is online, Alan. The
dialog: nightmare is you. Get away from my
dialog: lab.
text: Sussman gets in his Prius and drives away.
scene_heading: INT. MEARS’ HOTEL ROOM - MINNEAPOLIS - MORNING
text: Mears wakes up to the sound of her own cough. She doesn’t
text: give it much thought, but as she sits up the force of the
dialog: headache hits.
text: She rushes to the bathroom and grabs a battery powered
text: thermometer from her toiletries bag. Hands shaking she puts
text: it in her mouth. Sits on the toilet scared out of her mind.
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: {with thermometer in
dialog: mouth)
dialog: Please god, please god.
text: She checks the thermometer. It‘s high. Mears rips into a
text: package of Tamiflu. She takes a pill and swallows with
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: MEARS (CONT'D)
dialog: No...no...no...
text: She opens the drapes and looks outside~- another gray day in
dialog: Minnesota. But, today is different THE NATIONAL GUARD is now
dialog: out.
text: She picks up the phone and calls the front desk.
speaker_heading: MEARS (CONT’D)
dialog: This is Dr. Erin Mears in 318. I
dialog: want to know the name of everyone
dialog: who has serviced this room in the
dialog: last few days...Also, you need to
dialog: get in touch with the waitress who
dialog: was working in the lounge last
dialog: night. I need all of their
dialog: numbers,..Yes...It’s an emergency.
scene_heading: INT. KWONG WAH HOSPITAL - ISOLATION ~ DAY
text: ORANTES wears a spacesuit and interviews THE OLD WOMAN from
text: the elevator at Chrysanthemum Gardens. Everything goes
text: through a TRANSLATOR (male, 30's). TWO CHINESE HEALTH
dialog: OFFICIALS ‘sit in. All wear protective gear. One we will
text: come to know as Orantes’ CHINESE COUNTERPART.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 62.
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: In the fall we try and eat an
dialog: animal. One with a good coat.
dialog: They say it protects you...A civet
dialog: or another strong animal that gives
dialog: you strong wind.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: And did you eat such an animal this
dialog: year?
speaker_heading: OLD WOMAN
dialog: No. I could not. afford it. That's
dialog: why I‘m sick. Just the chicken
dialog: from the wet market. I tried to
dialog: buy more vinegar for the children--
dialog: but it’s all sold out. Everyone is
dialog: sick.
scene_heading: INT. KWONG WAH HOSPITAL ~ CONFERENCE ROOM - MOMENTS LATER
text: A Chinese health official discusses the findings with Orantes
text: and the Translator. He switches back and forth between
text: English and Chinese with the other officials in the room.
scene_heading: CHINESE COUNTERPART
dialog: There are 37 from Chrysanthemum who
text: have symptoms. Ten have died.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: Are there any other clusters? In
dialog: Kowloon? In Hong Kong proper? What
dialog: about on the mainland?
text: An animated conversation breaks out in Chinese. Orantes
text: tries to keep track, but clearly they do not want her to be a
text: part of it. The men gesticulate at the flow chart on the
dialog: wall.
text: The Chinese Health Official calms his cohorts.
scene_heading: CHINESE HEALTH OFFICIAL 2
dialog: We have nothing on the mainland to
dialog: report.
text: Orantes isn’t sure if she should believe this.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: What about the Macau cluster?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 °63.
scene_heading: CHINESE HEALTH OFFICIAL
dialog: It is possible that this Japanese
dialog: index patient brought it from
dialog: Thailand. We have heard rumors of
text: a new virus there in the North.
scene_heading: CHINESE COUNTERPART
dialog: Perhaps you would like to go. to the
dialog: hotel now. We will arrange a meal
dialog: for later and you can tour the
dialog: other hospitals.
text: She studies the flow chart on the wall.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: I want to go to Macau.
scene_heading: INT. HARDWARE STORE - MINNESOTA - AFTERNOON
text: Emhoff and his daughter, Jory, search the aisles for items.
text: Emhoff asks a SALES CLERK for help.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
text: They’re out of them over at the
dialog: Walgreens. The N-95 is the one the
dialog: website says is the most
dialog: protective.
speaker_heading: SALES CLERK
dialog: We don’t carry anything like that--
dialog: I think you want to go over to a
dialog: medical supply store or something.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: We tried that place on Lyndale.
dialog: They're out as well. What about
dialog: one for working with hazardous
dialog: chemicals...If you were sanding
dialog: something. A mask like that?
speaker_heading: JORY
dialog: You want me to wear one of those
dialog: around? Really? Maybe I’m immune
dialog: like you.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: People do it in Japan all the time,
dialog: Jory.
text: The sales clerk leads them over to the aisle where the masks
dialog: might be. They're also sold out.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 64.
speaker_heading: SALES CLERK
dialog: Must of sold out of these this
dialog: morning.
speaker_heading: JORY
dialog: What if 1 just wear a bandana like
dialog: Jesse James?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SALES CLERK
dialog: Is there anything else I can help
dialog: you with?
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
text: Flashlight, duct tape and some
dialog: water purification tablets.
scene_heading: INT. WORLD HEALTH ORGANIZATION/CDC/DHS/VARIOUS COUNTRIES -
speaker_heading: INTERCUT
text: A video-conference call in progress. Leopold and a host of
text: other Doctors from the WHO convene with officials at the CDC--
text: Cheever, Haggerty and others. There are also officials from
text: China, Japan and the UK on the phone.
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD
dialog: We have clusters in London,
dialog: Manchester, Dubai, Hong Kong,
dialog: Tokyo, Kyoto, Chicago, Minneapolis,
dialog: Los Angeles, Salt Lake City,
dialog: Boston, and Macau. This morning we
dialog: have learned of suspected cases in
dialog: Amsterdam. and Frankfurt. We have
dialog: met the criteria for level four.
speaker_heading: APRICAN REPRESENTATIVE
dialog: Depending on samples from the cases
dialog: in Pretoria it may be level five.
dialog: They all came from London.
text: A map. of the world is broadcast to all the representatives.
text: The charge of the virus is alarming. It spools out over
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD
dialog: Using our models we believe there
dialog: are approximately 89,000 cases at
dialog: this point and that we are heading
dialog: toward 267,000-- and from there
dialog: using our model based on the R
dialog: naught of 3.2, here: is where we
dialog: expect to be in 48 hours.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 65.
text: The Map animates to reflect this rate of spread-- exponential
text: increases pool out. Over a million cases around the world,
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD (CONT’D)
dialog: The fatality rate is 26.3 per cent.
scene_heading: CHINESE OFFICIAL ~~
dialog: We are not prepared to connect the
dialog: Macau casino cases with the ones in
dialog: Kowloon at this point-- I think we
dialog: need to wait for analysis of the
dialog: samples.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: But, my understanding is that there
dialog: is considerable traffic between the
dialog: two...
speaker_heading: CHINESE OFFICIAL
dialog: Yes. But, we should wait for the
dialog: science.
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD
dialog: We have an epidemiologist on the
dialog: ground in Hong Kong-- her work in
dialog: determining the origins of the
dialog: outbreak is crucial. Once we know
dialog: where this thing came from, we can
dialog: get about the business of solving
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: CHINESE OFFICIAL
dialog: We are cooperating fully.
text: In the CDC video conference room, Cheever, Haggerty and
text: Hextall smirk at this.
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD
dialog: Dr. Cheever-- perhaps you can
dialog: update us on the research.
text: An image of THE VIRUS is broadcast.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: We believe it is a paramyxovirus.
dialog: We know that it is transmitted
dialog: easily by respiration and believe
dialog: it also can live on surfaces for up
dialog: to 24 hours. As of right now,
dialog: nobody has been able to grow the
dialog: virus in cells.
speaker_heading: AFRICAN REPRESENTATIVE
dialog: And why is that?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: HEXTALL
dialog: Because it kills all the cells we
text: put it in. Pig, chicken and human.
dialog: Until we can grow enough of it we
dialog: can’t vaccinate against it.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: JAPANESE OFFICIAL (ON SCREEN)
dialog: Have you found any treatment at
dialog: all? Any antivirals? Anything
dialog: Anyone?
scene_heading: ENGLISH OFFICIAL
dialog: We've begun studies with the
dialog: survivors, but that’s going to take
dialog: some time.
speaker_heading: PRENCH OFFICIAL
dialog: I think it is important te discuss
dialog: issues of patent and distribution
dialog: now-- I know there are
dialog: conversations in progress between
dialog: pharmaceutical companies...
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD
dialog: WHO is encouraging the sharing of
dialog: information between the private and
dialog: public sector.
scene_heading: ENGLISH OFFICIAL
dialog: As of an hour ago there weren’t
dialog: even any test monkeys available.
dialog: Someone's cornered the
dialog: market...There are reports on the
dialog: internet that Relenza is effective.
speaker_heading: AFRICAN REPRESENTATIVE
dialog: No doubt started by the makers of
dialog: Relenza.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: That is not our experience.
speaker_heading: CHINESE OFFICIAL
dialog: Obviously, if someone has
dialog: discovered a treatment protocol we
dialog: would like full disclosure and a
dialog: commitment to forfeit patents and
dialog: share revenues.
dialog: 66.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTAGION
dialog: 1/14/10
speaker_heading: FRENCH OFFICIAL
dialog: I don't know if we are prepared to
dialog: agree with that right now in a
dialog: blanket statement.
scene_heading: BRITISH OFFICIAL...
dialog: Not until we know if we are. talking
dialog: therapy or vaccine. Too many
dialog: unknowns.
speaker_heading: JAPANESE OFFICIAL
dialog: But, we know one in four or five
dialog: will die.
speaker_heading: FRENCH OFFICIAL
dialog: I think we need to hear first from
dialog: the Americans.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Excuse me, Dr. Leopold, but I don’t
dialog: see the point in arguing about who
dialog: gets the rights to a cure that
dialog: doesn’t even exist yet.
speaker_heading: CHINESE OFFICIAL
dialog: Maybe it does exist. That’s why we
dialog: need disclosure.
speaker_heading: JAPANESE BUSINESSMAN
dialog: I think we all would like an answer
dialog: to that question. What is US
dialog: policy on sharing medicine with the
dialog: rest of the world?
text: Cheever and Haggerty share a look.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: We are awaiting a decision on this
dialog: matter from Homeland Security and
dialog: other departments of our
dialog: government. I think there are
dialog: important legal issues here for all
dialog: of us. .
speaker_heading: CHINESE OFFICIAL
dialog: So, there will be no full
dialog: disclosure.
scene_heading: EXT. WASHINGTON, DC - DAY
text: The Capitol Building on a fall day.
dialog: 67.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 68.
scene_heading: INT. SENATE OFFICE BUILDING - CONTINUOUS
text: SENATOR BOXER discusses the emerging situation with her staff
text: and some other INTERESTED PARTIES,
speaker_heading: BOXER .
dialog: We've got 50 different statés.with
dialog: 50 different policies, we’ve got
speaker_heading: cbc, HHS, FEMA-
speaker_heading: CONGRESSIONAL AID
dialog: They’re all Homeland Security now.
speaker_heading: BOXER
dialog: So who sets policy? We've got 500
dialog: phone calls from San Francisco on
dialog: just this. Where’s Martin? We
dialog: need to issue a statement.
speaker_heading: CONGRESSIONAL AID
dialog: He left after the breakfast--~
text: looked like he was coming down with
dialog: something.
scene_heading: INT. MINNEAPOLIS ARMORY - DAY
text: Mears lies in a bed in a long row of beds in the makeshift
text: infirmary. Swanson approaches in protective gear-
speaker_heading: SWANSON
dialog: Dr. Mears, Dr. Cheever called
dialog: again. We’re just having a very
dialog: hard time with the logistics of
dialog: evacuating you. Finding a plane
dialog: and all--
text: Mears nods-- she’s miserable.
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: There’s nothing we can do anyway,
dialog: might as well do it here as in
dialog: Atlanta.
text: Swanson hands her a phone in a plastic bag.
speaker_heading: SWANSON.
dialog: I did get your phone. Dr. Cheever
dialog: asked that you call if you feel up
dialog: to it.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 69.
speaker_heading: MEARS
dialog: I’m having word finding problems.
dialog: Sensitive to light. Same things
dialog: Emhoff reported.
speaker_heading: SWANSON eno
dialog: first responders and medical
dialog: personnel at the University. I
dialog: want to move you there, but the
dialog: nurses’ union is calling a stoppage
dialog: until protocols are in place.
dialog: There are volunteers and nuns--
dialog: it’s hard to know where’s the best
dialog: place.
text: Mears nods-- sweaty and miserable.
scene_heading: INT. CASINO - MACAU - NIGHT
text: Orantes and her Chinese Counterpart wander through the Casino
text: with a MAINLAND MAINTENANCE WORKER. Very few gamblers are
text: present. She is escorted as always by other Chinese Health
text: Officials and CASINO MANAGEMENT.
speaker_heading: MAINLAND
dialog: First there were two who got sick.
dialog: Then there were many more and now
dialog: everyone is sick or sleeping
text: outside. Now, so many people.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: Do you remember who got the first
dialog: headache?
scene_heading: CHINESE COUNTERPART
dialog: We know that Sun Ke and Zou Lufeng
dialog: became ill on the same day.
speaker_heading: MAINLAND
dialog: Yes, they did. And then Chen Nanxi
text: when he moved into Li Bai‘s bunk.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: What happened to Li Bai? He was
dialog: resistant?
speaker_heading: MAINLAND
dialog: He went on vacation-- before.
text: Orantes scratches his name off a list.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 3/14/10 79.
scene_heading: CHINESE COUNTERPART
dialog: That’s why he is not among the
dialog: sick.
speaker_heading: MATNLAND
dialog: He died anyway though. An
dialog: accident.
dialog: 
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: MAINLAND
dialog: He went to see his sister and was
dialog: killed in an accident-- but, it. was
dialog: before Sun Ke and Zou Lufeng got
dialog: sick.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: Where did his sister live?
speaker_heading: MAINLAND
dialog: Kowloon.
text: Orantes goes back and circles his name.
scene_heading: INT. CDC BSL LEVEL 4 LAB - NIGHT
text: An even more. extensive series of rooms within rooms~- glass
text: cubes connected by air-locks. In the innermost area a BENCH
text: SCIENTIST works with the VIRUS-- slides are moved from
text: machine to machine. Its most basic composition appears on a
text: computer screen TWO ROOMS OVER.
text: HEXTALL and EISENBERG review the results. A short alphabet
text: displayed before them like a high stakes game of scrabble-
dialog: A,C,T and G.
speaker_heading: EISENBERG
dialog: (off the screen)
dialog: Part pig, part human and part bat.
dialog: Maybe Nipah or Hendra viruses.
speaker_heading: HEXTALL
dialog: Did the Emhoff woman have any
text: evidence of a bat bite in the
dialog: autopsy?
text: Another set of results appears on the screen. A bell curve
text: wavers from right tc left.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 71.
speaker_heading: EISENBERG
text: It's still changing. The swarm is
dialog: shifting every few days. Could
text: still mutate in a major way.
speaker_heading: HEXTALL _—_
dialog: It’s figuring us out faste¥.-than
dialog: we’re figuring it out.
speaker_heading: EISENBERG
dialog: It doesn’t have anything else to
dialog: do.
scene_heading: INT. CDC EMERGENCY OPERATIONS CENTER ~- NIGHT :
text: Cheever and a host of other.workers monitor screens and
text: answer phones. The map on the wall shows the virus has
dialog: spread exponentially. Butcher paper spans the area-- but you
dialog: can’t wrap this up in butcher paper anymore. They’ve run out
dialog: of walls.
text: Haggerty walks into the center.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Ellis, Can I borrow you for a
dialog: moment?
scene_heading: INT. HAGGERTY’S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Haggerty and Cheever behind closed doors.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: There’s a sick congressman from
dialog: Illinois in Dc. He just got back
dialog: from Chicago. The governor there is
dialog: gonna call out the National Guard
dialog: and try and do some isolation.
text: They‘re closing Midway and O’Hare.
dialog: Some rumor on the goddamn internet
dialog: about it being in the water.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: That’s gonna make it hard to get
dialog: people to wash their hands.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: The WHO is taking it to five in an
text: hour. The secret service is moving
dialog: the President underground.
dialog: Congress is figuring out how to
dialog: work online. It’s fucking surreal.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 72.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY (CONT'D)
dialog: When word goes out there’s gonna be
dialog: a run on the banks, the grocery
dialog: stores, gas stations.
text: Cheever nods. He can see implications in the shaded maps on
dialog: the walls.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: It’s all gonna tip over. Virus'1ll
dialog: be the least of our problems.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Let's just make sure nobody knows
dialog: until everybody knows.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL: CONFERENCE ROOM - HONG KONG
text: Orantes and her CHINESE COUNTERPART work backwards against
text: time. Butcher paper up.on- the wall. A diagram with boxes
text: and names. And a map with pins in it.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: We have Emhoff at the Mandarin
dialog: Oriental in Hong Kong. We have
dialog: Marunouchi Man at the Golden
dialog: Dragon...We have Khalifa and Irina
text: on a helicopter that landed in
dialog: Macau. All on the 15th of
dialog: November.
scene_heading: CHINESE COUNTERPART
dialog: Li Bai had contact with Khalifa and
dialog: took it to Kowloon where Emhoff was
dialog: a tourist. Khalifa could have
dialog: dispersed it-- he may have
dialog: vaccinated himself somehow. I think
dialog: we still have to consider the
dialog: possibility that it is a biological
dialog: weapon...Or Marunouchi Man brought
dialog: it from Thailand.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: The first cluster in Thailand was
text: on the 27th. It didn’t start there.
text: She crosses to the window locks out.
scene_heading: CHINESE COUNTERPART
dialog: Do we believe the Thai ministry is
dialog: a reliable reporter?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 73.
speaker_heading: HONG KONG
text: A plume of dark smoke rises in the distance.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: What are they burning?
dialog: 
scene_heading: CHINESE COUNTERPART
dialog: The dogs-- health minister says
dialog: they could be transmitters. It has
dialog: to be considered.
text: Orantes goes back to the diagram.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER (0.S.)
dialog: (prelap)
dialog: When you have a virus your body
text: sends out armies of antibodies.
dialog: And the antibodies look at the
dialog: virus and compare it to every virus
dialog: you've ever had...
scene_heading: INT. CDC PARKING LOT - ATLANTA - LATE NIGHT
text: Cheever paces and stares out at the sea of press standing
text: vigil beyond the gates. He’s on the phone.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: .-And it figures out how it beat
dialog: it the last time. You are your own
dialog: pharmaceutical company-- you’re
dialog: born with a catalogue of cures. The
dialog: problem is sometimes, there is no
dialog: last time. It doesn‘t know the
dialog: answer. Every fifty years or so
dialog: somebody has to go first.
speaker_heading: AUBREY (0.S.)
dialog: How many people are gonna die?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: In 1918, about one percent of the
dialog: population died from the Spanish
dialog: Flu outbreak. 40 million.
scene_heading: INT. AUBREY’S APARTMENT - CHICAGO. - INTERCUT
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: But, we’re better now. We have
dialog: drugs we didn‘t have and better
dialog: science. So it won’t be that bad.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 74,
dialog: Something
dialog: faster.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: It used to spread only as fast as
dialog: we could walk. Now it gets on
dialog: planes and goes 500 miles an hour.
dialog: We live in cities. Hang from
dialog: straps on subways. It wants us in
text: schools and elevators. Shaking
text: hands...Mears is sick in
dialog: Minneapolis.
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: The Doc I sent up there-- she’s on
text: a cot at an armory. There are no
dialog: nurses.
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: There’s a strike.
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: How can they do that?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Because there’s nothing they can do-
dialog: - we're just putting healthy people.
text: next to sick ones. There are still
dialog: people dying of cancer and strokes
dialog: today and tomorrow. We need them
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: I‘m sorry, Ellis. That’s not your
dialog: fault. You went places, too. You
dialog: took risks. It’s random.
text: in Cheever unravels at this-- he starts talking
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: I want you to get in your car and
dialog: drive here. Drive by yourself.
dialog: They're gonna close the airport and
dialog: the banks are gonna go to shit.
dialog: There’s only enough food in
dialog: supermarkets for 3 days. It’s gonna
dialog: get difficult in a lot of ways and
dialog: it’s gonna start soon. .
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 75.
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: What? What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Get as much cash as you can out of
dialog: the ATM. Get across state lines and
dialog: don’t tell anyone. Just get in
dialog: your car now.
text: He hangs up. From behind a pillar emerges ROGER the JANITOR.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER (CONT'D)
dialog: Did you hear any of that?
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: I got people, too, Dr.. Cheever. We
dialog: all do.
scene_heading: EXT. NICE HOUSE - EDINA, MINNESOTA ~ NIGHT
text: A black sedan pulls up to the house. A man in a suit gets
text: out of the car and walks to the door:
scene_heading: INT. NICE HOUSE - EDINA, MINNESOTA - CONTINUOUS
text: Emhoff and Jory sit in the kitchen and work on their
text: computers. The news provides a steady stream of flu updates
text: and school closings. The doorbell rings.
text: Emhoff goes to answer it. He doesn't recognize the man and
text: hesitates to open the door.
speaker_heading: EMROFF
dialog: Uh...Can I help you?
speaker_heading: BOOTH
dialog: Stuart Booth. I’m looking for
dialog: Thomas Emhoff.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: I’m Tom Emhoff. Do I know you, Mr.
dialog: Booth?
speaker_heading: BOOTH
dialog: Mr. Emhoff, I'm a lawyer and I want
dialog: to discuss with you what could be
dialog: incredibly lucrative.
speaker_heading: EMHOFP
dialog: An offer? What kind of offer.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 76.
speaker_heading: BOOTH
dialog: May I come in? I’d need you to
dialog: sign something before I can
dialog: disclose all the details.
text: Emhoff considers-- beyond Booth a TOWN CAR idles in the
dialog: driveway. —
speaker_heading: BOOTH (CONT'D)
dialog: I flew in privately this morning to
dialog: meet you Mr. Emhoff-- I’d really
dialog: appreciate a chance to make my
dialog: presentation.
scene_heading: INT. DOMINICK’S GROCERY CHICAGO - NIGHT
text: Aubrey is stocking up on provisions-- she has filled her cart
text: with WATER, CLIFF BARS, CANS OF TUNA, BANANAS-- she stands in
text: front of the display for PURELL. She takes as many bottles as
text: can fit in the cart.
text: She gets in line-~ ANOTHER SHOPPER clocks her cart curiously.
text: Aubrey struggles against the desire to share what she knows.
scene_heading: EXT. DAN RYAN FREEWAY - CHICAGO - NIGHT
text: Aubrey drives down the freeway-- NATIONAL GUARD trucks move
text: in the other direction toward the city. SEMI-TRUCKS stand
text: parked on the shoulder front to back for a mile.
text: She heads south. Her phone rings-- her friend from
dialog: Thanksgiving dinner.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NYGAARD (0.5.)
dialog: Hey, friend what's up with blowing
dialog: off dinner?
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: I'm sorry, Liz.
speaker_heading: NYGAARD (0:S.)
dialog: Sorry? Why so flaky You feel OK?
dialog: This flu shit is really spooky.
dialog: What does Ellis say? Facebook says
dialog: it‘s a terrorist. thing and that
dialog: they’re keeping the antidote until
dialog: demands are met.
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: Uh...He says it’s serious.
text: Nygaard‘s daughter cries in the background.
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 77.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: NYGAARD (0.S.)
dialog: Honey, shush...What does that mean?
dialog: Where are you?
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: I’m getting out of town.
speaker_heading: NYGAARD (0.S.)
dialog: What? What’s going on?
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: I’m going to tell you something and
dialog: you’re not going to repeat it.
dialog: And so it spreads...
scene_heading: INT. NICE HOUSE - EDINA, MINNESOTA
text: Emhoff and Booth. Emhoff reads a non-disclosure agreement.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: You want to buy my antibodies?
speaker_heading: BOOTH
dialog: We want to have an antiserum on
dialog: hand for private use. The
dialog: scientists we are working with
dialog: believe they can generate small
text: quantities in their lab.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: You want to pay me a million
dialog: dollars for my blood?
speaker_heading: BOOTH
dialog: There are other survivors, Mr.
dialog: Emhoff, but because of the
dialog: publicity around your wife it was
dialog: easy to find you.
speaker_heading: EMHOFP
dialog: And who would get it?
speaker_heading: BOOTH
dialog: It would be kept for my client‘s
dialog: private use. The contract states
dialog: that it would not be for commercial
dialog: gain or manufacture-~ not a vaccine
dialog: mind you, an antiserum. It would
dialog: be a very limited quantity.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Emhoff thinks about it.
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 . 78.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: May I ask who your client is?
speaker_heading: BOOTH
dialog: I’m sorry, that’s confidential. We
dialog: are offering you a million dollars
dialog: for two pints of blood. We-Sispect
dialog: others will explore this avenue. and
dialog: that at some point the courts will
dialog: become involved. This offer is only
dialog: good for today. There's a
text: registered nurse in the car outside
dialog: with the necessary equipment.
dialog: 
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE CAR
text: In the backseat sits the REGISTERED NURSE in question.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: (off his daughter in the
dialog: next room)
dialog: However many doses you were going
dialog: to make, could you make one more?
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOOTH
dialog: I'm sorry, but that would raise
dialog: issues of indemnification and other
dialog: sorts of exposure. You won the
dialog: genetic lottery Mr. Emhoff-- we‘re
dialog: here to help you cash in your
dialog: ticket. If you don’t want to, we’1ll
dialog: find another winner.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Emhoff weighs his options,
scene_heading: EXT. NICE HOUSE - EDINA, MINNESOTA
text: Booth gets into the car and drives away. No deal.
speaker_heading: BOOTH
dialog: Who's next?
text: The Nurse looks at a list.
speaker_heading: RN
dialog: 1121 Wills Place.
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 79.
scene_heading: INT. LAB - UNIVERSITY OF SAN FRANCISCO - NIGHT
text: TIME LAPSE: We see the Virus replicate over and over again in
text: cells on a monitor. It’s exponential charge across the slide
dialog: is consuming. .
text: Sussman replays the image over and over again. A group of his
text: COHORTS share a glass of champagne.
speaker_heading: SUSSMAN
dialog: To cancerous pig cells.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON CDC ROOM
dialog: Hextall, Eisenberg, Cheever, Haggerty and others-- see the
text: same image. A small victory.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE (0.S.)
dialog: First they have to figure out how
dialog: to grow it.
scene_heading: WHO CONFERENCE ROOM
dialog: So do Leopold and his counterparts.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
dialog: It’s been three weeks now-- but
dialog: they’1l figure it out eventually.
scene_heading: A CONFERENCE ROOM IN FRANCE
text: So do Scientists at AVENTIS. A large logo on their wall.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE (0.S (CONT'D)
dialog: And then everyone will start
dialog: growing it.
scene_heading: CONFERENCE ROOMS IN NYC/LONDON/MOSCOW
text: Every drug company in the world strobes by -- all looking at
text: the same image.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE (0.S.) (CONT'D)
text: Then the race is on. They‘1l be
dialog: growing it in every lab on earth.
dialog: And that's a bad day to be a Rhesus
dialog: Macaque Monkey.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 80.
scene_heading: EXT. MORGAN ISLAND, OFF SOUTH CAROLINA — DAY
text: We see a Rhesus monkey coaxed into a cage. and carried away.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE (0.5.)
dialog: They're endangered in India—-~-
dialog: already. And this'll probably’
dialog: finish them off.
text: He is loaded on a truck with other monkeys.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: The US has an Island off of South
dialog: Carolina where we raise them for
dialog: just this kind of thing.
scene_heading: INT, BROKERAGE - SF - DAY
text: Krunwiede sits wearing an N-95 mask speaking to a broker.
text: Most of the offices are empty.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
text: The Rhesus was in space before us,
dialog: and it’ll get the vaccine before
dialog: us.
speaker_heading: MORGAN STANLEY
dialog: And how long will that take?
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: Hard to say. Months. The FDA will
dialog: fast track it. But, there’s always
dialog: a chance the virus could mutate-~
dialog: tomorrow or the next day and then
dialog: we’rxe starting all over.
speaker_heading: MCRGAN STANLEY
dialog: All the Pharma stocks are already
dialog: through the roof. Are you
dialog: suggesting we invest in Monkeys?
text: He chuckles... Krumwiede is offended.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: You're familiar with Forsythia?
speaker_heading: MORGAN STANLEY
dialog: Can’t say that T am. Is that a
dialog: medicine?
speaker_heading: . KRUMWIEDE
dialog: It’s an herb-- the Chinese have
dialog: used it for years.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 81.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: I have various sources in the
dialog: medical community both here and
dialog: abroad so what I am about to tell
dialog: you is backed up by tests that will
dialog: be out shortly in peer reviewed
dialog: journals. There are two
dialog: manufacturers of Forsythi
dialog: to invest in both of them.
dialog: 
dialog: “~T want
text: He hands Morgan Stanley a slip of paper.
speaker_heading: MORGAN STANLEY
dialog: What does Forsythia do?
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: It’s the cure. And a cure is a lot
dialog: more useful than vaccine if you’re
dialog: already sick.
scene_heading: EXT. PEACE PARK - MINNESOTA - EVENING
text: A trench is being dug by a BACK HOE. Adjacent to it is
text: another trench lined with THE DEAD. WORKERS from the STATE
text: HEALTH DEPARTMENT wear protective gear and keep track of the
text: bodies and where they have been laid. Quantity begins to
dialog: trump compassion now.
text: Swanson appears with some PLASTIC FLOWERS. He sees MEARS’
text: body in the mass grave. It is covered with BLUE PLASTIC
text: SHEETING-- it flaps in the wind. He puts in the flowers.
speaker_heading: SWANSCN
dialog: When did we run out of body bags?
speaker_heading: MORGUE WORKER
dialog: Last week. Trying to get some from
dialog: Canada. Was over at the
dialog: crematorium this morning-- it’s all
dialog: backed up. Workers are afraid to
dialog: come in. Average day maybe a
dialog: hundred people die-- we‘re
dialog: expecting twice that today. Ground
text: is frozen.
text: An EARTH MOVER begins to fill in the trench.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CONFERENCE ROOM -— DAY
text: Orantes walks in. Her COUNTERPART is having a very animated
text: conversation in Chinese. Pictures of BAI, IRINA, KHALIFA and
text: MARUNOUCHI MAN are still on the wall.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 82.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: What is it? What do we know?
scene_heading: CHINESE COUNTERPART
text: The American woman used an ATM at
dialog: the Golden Dragon...Bank of America
text: just confirmed with her statefient.
dialog: The CIA has shared this with us.
speaker_heading: ORANTES .
dialog: Was she there the same night as
dialog: Khalifa and Irina?
scene_heading: CHINESE COUNTERPART
dialog: Yes. Bai was working as well.
text: Orantes puts Emhoff’s picture on the wall.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: I want to see the Casino security
dialog: footage.
scene_heading: EXT. MINNESOTA/WISCONSIN BORDER - NIGHT
text: A bridge over the St. Croix River is patrolled by the
text: NATIONAL GUARD on both sides. Cars are backed up in both
text: directions from checkpoints. Searchlights sweep the bare
text: trees on. both sides of the river-- they find people heading
dialog: east.
scene_heading: EMHOFF’S CAR AT THE CHECKPOINT
text: Jory sits in the backseat. A GUARDSMAN in protective gear
text: stops the car by some cones. He uses a megaphone. Keeps his
dialog: distance.
speaker_heading: GUARDSMAN
dialog: There is no crossing to Wisconsin
dialog: at this time by order of the
dialog: governor of Wisconsin. An order of
dialog: quarantine has been issued in
dialog: accordance with the state of
dialog: emergency...
text: Emhoff rolls down the window.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: {yelling back)
dialog: i want to get my daughter out.
dialog: We're not sick.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 83.
text: But, the Guardsman can’t hear him above the honking and rotor
text: wash of a BLACKHAWK HELO. Emhoff gets out of the car.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF (CONT'D) GUARDSMAN
dialog: I already had it. Get back in your car, Sir.
text: Keep fifteen feet away.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF (CONT‘D)~
dialog: I had it already. I want to get her
dialog: out of here-- there’s no nurses.
dialog: We hear there’s more food there,
dialog: and medical care. We have family
dialog: in Madison.
speaker_heading: GUARDSMAN
dialog: Get back in that car, sir and turn
dialog: it around. Or we will arrest you.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: And take me where? Where will you
dialog: put all of us?
text: Down on the river a JET SKI is making a run for the Wisconsin
text: side of the river‘in the cold water. TWO FIGURES ON THE JET
text: SKI...one falls off and the Jet Ski doubles back. Guardsman
text: on the Wisconsin side pour into the trees with flashlights
dialog: and weapons.
text: Emhoff gets back in the car. Joins the traffic headed back
dialog: to Minneapolis.
scene_heading: INT, TV STUDIO - SF - MORNING
text: Krumwiede sits there checking his iPhone madly. A CAMERAMAN
text: stands 25 feet away.
speaker_heading: CAMERAMAN
dialog: Anything you can tell me off the
dialog: record?
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: You should buy some forsythia.
dialog: Enough for you and everyone you
dialog: love.
scene_heading: EXT. CDC - SIMULTANEOUSLY - DAY
text: Cheever sits, mic-ed up with ANDERSON COOPER on a make shift
text: set outside the cDCc.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 4.
speaker_heading: COCPER
dialog: There are stories.on the internet
dialog: that in India and elsewhere
dialog: ribavirin has been shown to be
dialog: effective in the treatment of the
dialog: virus-- but Homeland Security. has
dialog: asked the CDC not tc make. any’
dialog: announcements until stockpiles of
dialog: the drug can be secured.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: There are ongoing evaluations of a
dialog: number of drugs-- ribavirin is one
dialog: of them. So far our best. defense is
dialog: social distancing.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: COOPER
dialog: And do we have enough ribavirin for
dialog: everyone in America?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Right now there are ten million
dialog: doses. But, we don’t want to send
dialog: people out searching for something
dialog: that may not be effective...
dialog: 
speaker_heading: COOPER
dialog: If there are 200 million of us--
dialog: who gets it?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER |
dialog: We are currently in the process of
dialog: prioritizing-~ starting with first
dialog: responders, health care providers
dialog: and other officials.
speaker_heading: COOPER
dialog: We‘d like to bring Alan Krumwiede
dialog: into the debate...Alan is a
dialog: freelance journalist who was one of
dialog: the first to track the story of the
dialog: Marunouchi Man video.
scene_heading: INT. TV STUDIO ~ SF/CNN SET AT CDC - INTERCUT
text: Krumwiede listens through an ear piece.
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 “85.
speaker_heading: COOPER {0.S.)
dialog: On Twitter this morning, you stated
dialog: the truth about the virus has ‘been
dialog: kept from the world by the WHO and
dialog: cbc to allow for the “friends of
dialog: the current administration to-
dialog: benefit from it both financially
dialog: and physically.”
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: This is the result of government
dialog: being involved in health care.
dialog: There are therapies that we know
dialog: are effective right now-- like
dialog: Forsythia-- and they do not even
text: appear on the CDC website. Because
dialog: the friends of the administration
dialog: don’t control forsythia.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: COOPER
dialog: You also say that the World Health
dialog: Organization is in bed with the
dialog: pharmaceutical companies.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: Because they are. That's who stands
dialog: to gain from this.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER : i
dialog: The CDC has explored forsythia and
dialog: other alleged homeopathic
dialog: treatments, there’s just no science
dialog: to back up these claims. We are
dialog: ruling nothing out-- people are
dialog: sick and dying and we are doing
dialog: everything we can to stop it.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: Dr. Cheever is being a bit
text: disingenuous here.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: The WHO and the Chinese are working
dialog: very hard to figure out where this
dialog: virus came from and once we know
dialog: that it will be much easier to
dialog: treat it. To gét sick you need to
dialog: come in contact with a sick person
dialog: or something they touched-- to get
dialog: scared all you need to do is come
dialog: in contact with a rumor or a TV or
dialog: the internet. Mr. Krumwiede is
dialog: spreading misinformation even
text: faster than the virus.
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 86.
text: Krumwiede. seethes.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: Really. That‘s funny. Because if
dialog: you look.on Twitter there is a
dialog: communique attributed te Dr,_.-
dialog: Cheever by Elizabeth Nygaard~aébout
dialog: the quarantine of Chicago. hours
dialog: before it was announced to the
dialog: public. So, that’s why i say he is
text: disingenuous when he talks about
dialog: equal care for all.
speaker_heading: COOPER
dialog: These are some pretty wild
dialog: allegations here-- can you tell us
dialog: what information appeared on
dialog: Twitter and when? What is your
dialog: relationship to Elizabeth Nygaard?
text: Cheever is stunned.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: I’m not aware of anything
dialog: attributed to me-
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: It’s pretty clear that Homeland
dialog: Security and CDC and Health and
dialog: Human Services and FEMA and the
dialog: Army have their own agenda here.
dialog: These things, they go two, four,
dialog: eight, sixteen and you think you’ve
dialog: got it in front of you-- but then
dialog: it’s 256 and then it’s 65,000 and
dialog: it's behind you and above you and
dialog: all around you. And that’s where
text: it is now. Whoever let the genie
dialog: out of the bottle isn't gonna put
dialog: it back in...They can’t now.
scene_heading: INT. BOOTS PHARMACY —- LONDON — EVENING
text: A long line of people reaches. out the door and down the
text: street. A BOOTS EMPLOYEE counts the people in line.
speaker_heading: BOooTs
dialog: .+.-Forty eight, forty nine, fifty.
text: Beyond the fifty people are at least another TWO HUNDRED
dialog: folks.
text: Someone in the back of the pack begins to cough.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 87.
speaker_heading: LINE STANDER
dialog: Cover your mouth, brother.
speaker_heading: COUGHER
dialog: Eh, fuck off.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: BOOTS -
dialog: We will only be able to give out
dialog: fifty courses today-- that’s our
dialog: forsythia allotment...
text: The crowd reacts. There’s pushing.
text: LINE STANDER WITH DREADS
dialog: You're keeping them, aren’t you?
dialog: Driving up the price?
text: It’s getting ugly. A TOUGH AND HIS GIRL push toward the
dialog: front.
scene_heading: THE TOUGH’S GIRL
dialog: (sotto to Boots Employee--
dialog: offering money)
dialog: We have a little one at home.
speaker_heading: COUGHER
dialog: We all. have little ones and money--—
dialog: park it back,: bitch.
text: And with that a melee ensues. Store displays are turned
text: over. People make mad grabs for the herbs. Some climb over
dialog: the counter.
text: The Pharmacist clutches the packets and tries to lock the
text: door. The CROWD ransacks the shelves.
scene_heading: INT. CDC BSL LEVEL 4 LAB - DAY
text: A row of cages filled with RHESUS MONKEYS. Workers in heavy
text: protective gear survey.. Each cage is numbered with the
dialog: corresponding vaccine.
text: Trial and error. The confused monkey faces stare into the
dialog: camera. They're our astronauts again.
text: TWO MONKEYS are not moving-- they are removed.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - INT. GOLDEN DRAGON CASINO -— MACAU
text: Tt’s the night in question. Beth Emhoff stands with her co-
text: workers near a FISH-PRAWN-CRAB TABLE.
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 88.
text: A traditional Chinese dice game. The Marunouchi Man gather
text: up the dice and throws them.
text: People laugh.
speaker_heading: BETH -
dialog: I don’t understand this game at
dialog: all,
dialog: 
text: Her host laughs.
speaker_heading: CHINESE HOST
dialog: It's Fish Prawn Crab.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I want to try.
text: She maneuvers through the crowd toward the Marunouchi Man.
text: He gathers up the dice for another throw. Rubs them
text: together. He says something in Japanese and holds the dice
text: out toward Beth.
speaker_heading: BETH (CONT’D)
dialog: What?
text: She moves closer.
scene_heading: THE IMAGE CHANGES - THE PICTURE GOES BLACK AND WHITE
text: It’s the security image on a CCTV. Beth Emhoff leans into
text: the frame and BLOWS ON THE DICE. The Marunouchi Man rubs the
text: dice in his hands and tosses them across the table.
text: It rewinds and plays again. Breath. Transmission.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CONFERENCE ROOM - PRESENT
text: Orantes is watching the image on a monitor. Stacks of DVD’s
text: surround her, Other CHINESE OFFICIALS watch other monitors,
text: She crosses to her CHINESE COUNTERPART.
speaker_heading: ORANTES.
dialog: It didn’t come from Thailand.
text: She hands the dise to him.
scene_heading: CHINESE COUNTERPART
dialog: Maybe it came from America.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 89,
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: She was in Hong Kong five days
dialog: before that. It’s here. It came
dialog: from here.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE MINNETONKA - MINNESOTA ~ DAY
text: Emhoff and Jory pick away at the ice-- four inches thick.
text: Scattered across the frozen lake, other groups are gathered
text: around exposed holes and in small shacks. Ice fishing.
text: They break through to open water. Jory puts a kernel of
text: canned corn on a hook and drops it into the water.
text: A NEW WOMAN appears and begins to struggle with a hatchet on
text: the ice. Jory watches her.
text: A small celebration breaks out at another hole-- a fish has
dialog: been caught.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: {shouting toward the
dialog: celebration)
dialog: What are you using for bait?
dialog: Nothing back.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you using over there?
text: They talk amongst themselves.
speaker_heading: FISHERMAN
dialog: (shouting back)
dialog: We need milk? You. have any milk?
text: The HATCHET WOMAN pauses. Shouting.
speaker_heading: HATCHET WOMAN
dialog: Cows are dying-~ I saw them by St.
dialog: Cloud. People are afraid. No milk.
dialog: We‘re eating the dog’s food...
text: Her voice breaks.
speaker_heading: JORY
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Dad. ~-
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: What?
text: He studies the woman for a moment-- failing at the ice.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 90.
speaker_heading: JORY
dialog: Help her.
text: Emhoff walks toward the woman.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: 
dialog: You OK?
text: She drops to her knees.
scene_heading: HATCHET . WOMAN
dialog: Our pilot light went out and I
dialog: can’t figure out how to start it
text: again. There’s gas in the house.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: Where do you live?
speaker_heading: HATCHET WOMAN
dialog: Orono.
speaker_heading: EMEOFF
dialog: Maybe I can help.
dialog: 
text: She looks at him mistrustfully.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF (CONT'D)
dialog: My daughter and I-- we‘re fine.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. CHEEVER’S APARTMENT - LATE NIGHT
text: Aubrey sits in the living room. Tension in the air. Cheever
text: cocks some rice and beans in the kitchen.
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: I told her not to say anything
dialog: Ellis, I did. I've trusted her my
dialog: entire life. I’ve told her a
dialog: thousand things she never repeated.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: We’re messy little animals. We
text: lick our fingers and turn the page.
text: We rub cur eyes and eat the peanuts
dialog: out of the communal bowl, We
dialog: spread everything around. I did.
dialog: You did. We can’t keep anything to
dialog: ourselves. Our spit, our secrets.
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: I’m trying to explain-
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 91.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: You have to admire the virus-- it
text: climbs inside a cell and changes
dialog: it. We can’t even do that
dialog: ourselves. We're just six billion
dialog: rough drafts. We're the most
dialog: dangerous thing that ever happened
dialog: to each other.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: She’s like my sister, I’m the god
dialog: mother to that little girl.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: A hundred people were killed in
text: shootings in Chicago.
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: And maybe a hundred people we know
dialog: weren’t there to die.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: I asked you not to say anything.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: You think other people aren't
dialog: giving their loved ones information
dialog: first? You think it’s a level
dialog: playing field? If a boat was
dialog: sinking who would you put on the
dialog: life raft, Ellis? Us, our family
dialog: and friends or strangers? It’s
dialog: survival of the fittest-- and being
dialog: fit has a lot to do with who’s on
dialog: your speed dial.
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. UNIVERSITY OF SAN FRANCISCO - DAY
dialog: 
text: A man in a full PROTECTIVE SUIT sits on a bench alone. We
text: can see through his mask that it’s KRUMWIEDE. He waits for a
text: lab door to open.
speaker_heading: DR. SUSSMAN
dialog: 
text: Surrourided by NATIONAL GUARDSMAN as security. They walk
text: toward a black SUV. He’s precious cargo.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: The monkeys will take too long.
dialog: 
text: Sussman keeps walking.
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 92.
text: Sussman pauses. Tired and angry, he turns.
speaker_heading: SUSSMAN
dialog: Go home, Alan. And lie to people
dialog: about mutations and herbs. Go
dialog: home.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: I have sick friends.
speaker_heading: SUSSMAN
dialog: We all do.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: Let me go first, Dr. Sussman.
dialog: People trust me.
speaker_heading: SUSSMAN
dialog: Go home, Alan. Tell people to wash
dialog: their hands and to cover their
text: mouths when they cough.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: I feel very hot today. Three days
dialog: ago I went to a rally.
speaker_heading: SUSSMAN
dialog: You're hot because you’re wearing
dialog: that suit.
text: Sussman gets in the car.
scene_heading: INT. HATCHET WOMAN'S HOUSE - ORONO, MINNESOTA - DAY
text: Emhoff, Jory and THE HATCHET WOMAN enter the house. It is
text: cold and dark.
speaker_heading: HATCHET WOMAN
dialog: I tried to light it but I was
text: afraid there was gas in the house.
dialog: And nobody would come and help me.
dialog: It‘1l be Christmas in a few days
dialog: and nobedy cares.
text: There’s a tree in the next room-- a couple stockings hung
text: over the fireplace. Jory clocks them. Pauses.
text: Emhoff gets down on the ground with a book of matches. He
text: hears a GROAN from another room followed by a cough.
speaker_heading: GROAN (0.S.)
dialog: Rebecca? Is that you?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 93.
text: Emhoff sits up quickly.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: I thought you said you were alone?
speaker_heading: GROAN (0.8.) _
dialog: Rebecca?? sere
speaker_heading: JORY EMHOFF
dialog: Dad- Jory get out of here-- don’t
dialog: touch anything.
speaker_heading: HATCHET WOMAN
dialog: He’s dying and I’m going to die
dialog: too. I have a fever.
text: Jory scrambles toward the door-- her scarf over her face.
text: Hatchet woman grabs at Emhoff.
speaker_heading: HATCHET WOMAN (CONT'D)
dialog: Feel my head. Nobody answers when
dialog: you call 911. The car is almost out
dialog: of gas.
text: Emhoff£ looks out the window. Jory is safely outside. He puts
text: his hand on the woman’s head. She shudders at human contact.
speaker_heading: EMHOFP
dialog: I can’t really tell. Do you have a
dialog: thermometer?
text: Hatchet woman nods and goes to the drawer to find it. Emhoff
text: gets back to the pilot light.
speaker_heading: HATCHET WOMAN
dialog: Why aren’t you afraid like everyone
dialog: else?
text: He wonders if it’s safe to admit his immunity. He decides
dialog: against it.
speaker_heading: EMHOFP
dialog: I‘m just not.
scene_heading: INT. WHO GENEVA/CDC/WHITE HOUSE BUNKER/BEIJING AND OTHER
scene_heading: PLACES - NIGHT
text: Leopold holds court over the group. A screen full of
dialog: monitors.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 94.
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD
dialog: Before we start, I just want to
dialog: mention that we have been having
dialog: infrastructure problems with our
dialog: communications system and we may
dialog: lose some of you during toda
dialog: briefing--~ please bear with”
dialog: Also, the Portuguese translator is
dialog: in isolation. Dr. Haggerty?
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Haggerty, Cheever and Hextall.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Thank ‘you, Director Lecpold.. We are
dialog: no longer tracking case numbers as
dialog: we are discouraging people who are
text: symptomatic from contacting medical
dialog: providers. In short, we need to
dialog: keep the hospitals open for the
dialog: people we can help-—
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: ENGLISH OFFICIAL
dialog: This is not our policy. We
dialog: continue to treat: everyone.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CHINESE OFFICIAL
dialog: To what end? :
scene_heading: ENGLISH OFFICIAL |
dialog: To the end that it decreases panic \
dialog: for people to know that doctors
dialog: will see them. Because it's
dialog: humane.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: We respectfully disagree.
scene_heading: MONTAGE~ INTERCUT VISUALS OF THE WORLD-~ MASSIVE MIGRATIONS
text: OF POPULATIONS IN AFRICA
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Our models show we should
dialog: anticipate one-in-fifteen people on
dialog: the planet will contract Macau
speaker_heading: Encephalitis Virus or MEV-1.
dialog: Higher in urban areas. The
dialog: mortality rate fluctuates between
dialog: 19 and 26 percent depending on
dialog: underlying medical condition and
dialog: other socioeconomic issues--—
dialog: nutrition and fresh water.
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 95.
scene_heading: LOOTING IN SAO PACLO
speaker_heading: AFRICAN REPRESENTATIVE
dialog: It is near 30 percent here. We are
dialog: burning bodies. We have limited
dialog: essential services. ee
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD
dialog: The Cambridge Study suggests that
dialog: we can anticipate anything over a
dialog: five percent infection rate and ten
dialog: percent mortality will cause major
dialog: social breakdowns. Ten percent is
text: the tipping point.
dialog: And this is how it looks in the world...
scene_heading: MARTIAL LAW IN TEHRAN
scene_heading: ARGENTINIAN REPRESENTATIVE
dialog: It will be more pervasive in the
dialog: Southern Hemisphere in the coming
dialog: months. We are seeing hoarding, :
text: peopie heading to isolated areas.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: EMPTY STREETS IN TIMES SQUARE
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: That's better than having them in
dialog: buses and trains.
scene_heading: SWEDISH OFFICIAL
dialog: We are continuing to experiment
dialog: with other drugs-- sedatives,
dialog: anticonvulsives. They might buy
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: There are some reports of inducing
text: a coma and ventilating victims.
dialog: Hard to tell if the results are
dialog: better than placebo.
speaker_heading: AFRICAN REPRESENTATIVE
dialog: And what if you don’t have 100
dialog: million ventilators?
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 96.
text: FOOD DROPS OUTSIDE OF LONDON
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN OFFICIAL
dialog: Do any of you think we are prepared
dialog: to share before taking care of our
dialog: own?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LEOPCLD
dialog: We should be governed by need, not
dialog: self-interest.
text: A HUNTER TAKES DOWN A DEER OUTSIDE OF MOSCOW
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN OFFICIAL
dialog: And we should only sleep with our
dialog: wives and return the wallets that
dialog: we find on the street-- but we are
dialog: not se perfect.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD |
dialog: We have asked the UN to plan
dialog: manufacturing and distribution of a :
dialog: virus once it is available. |
dialog: i
speaker_heading: 1
scene_heading: THE NYSE/MOSQUE/MALL OF AMERICA/HYDE PARK/ST. MARK‘S |
scene_heading: SQUARE/SHEDD AQUARIUM - ALL CLOSED AND EMPTY
speaker_heading: BEXTALL .
dialog: There are rumors in the scientific
dialog: comminity that the Russians are
dialog: testing vaccines on prisoners-- it
dialog: is unethical and brutal.
speaker_heading: CHINESE OFFICIAL
dialog: And what should we test on? We're
dialog: out of monkeys. We are not trying
dialog: to save laboratory mice--~ we are
dialog: trying to save people.
text: MONKEYS IN CAGES AT CDC - ANOTHER DEAD ONE IS REMOVED
speaker_heading: RUSSIAN OFFICIAL
dialog: And did the US not test anthrax
dialog: vaccine on its Army? Is that not
dialog: unethical?
speaker_heading: US OFFICIAL
dialog: I think that’s different. We were
dialog: trying to protect our military.
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 97.
scene_heading: IRANIAN OFFICIAL.
dialog: And if you are safe from anthrax
dialog: are the rest of us safe from you?
speaker_heading: US OFFICIAL
dialog: I don’t see how this is productive.
dialog: We have been a leader in sha:
dialog: our resources with the entire
dialog: world.
dialog: 
text: SHEPARD FAIREY POSTERS OF KRUMWIEDE PLASTERED ACROSS THE
text: CAPITOL BUILDING IN DC
text: Underneath his image they say-- “PROPHET OR PROFIT?”
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD
dialog: I think we need to remain focussed
dialog: on containment and buying time for
dialog: the science.
speaker_heading: HEXTALL
dialog: And the sharing of responsible
dialog: science.
scene_heading: FRENCH OFFICIAL INDIAN REPRESENTATIVE
dialog: You can't rely on the free We would still like to begin
dialog: market to motivate people and discussions of reparations
dialog: then complain that with the Chinese.
dialog: competition causes someone to
dialog: lose.
speaker_heading: JAPANESE OFFICIAL
dialog: As would we.
text: The picture starts clipping-- satellite problems. Some
dialog: countries break off. .
speaker_heading: US OFFICIAL
dialog: We would like to continue a
dialog: conversation with G10 countries off-
dialog: line about freezing markets.
text: The picture clips some more. Leopold is gone.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: I think we lost them.
speaker_heading: INDIAN REPRESENTATIVE
dialog: India is still here...
scene_heading: SPANISH REPRESENTATIVE
dialog: So is Spain.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 9
speaker_heading: CHINESE OFFICIAL
dialog: If the Index Patient is an American
dialog: Business Woman or Arab Nationai--
dialog: er a Japanese Tourist, how are we
dialog: to blame? Who do you sue for an
dialog: earthquake?
dialog: 
scene_heading: FLASHBACK -— INT. GOLDEN DRAGON CASINO - NIGHT
text: Beth demurs a drink and leaves the Fish-Prawn-Crab table.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Whew...I need to use the loo.
dialog: Anybody know where it is?
text: One of her CHINESE HOSTS points across the casino. Beth
text: off. She ts a little sweaty and clammy. As she walks sh
text: checks her purse and takes out a digital camera. She take
text: picture of the flashing lights.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL CONFERENCE ROOM - HONG KONG - MORNING
text: It’s early and Orantes is still pouring over CCTV footage
dialog: from the Casino.
text: ANGLE ON BETH ON A MONTTOR
text: She enters the LADIES’ ROOM and stands at the sink. She
text: stares at herself in the mirror for a moment. And dabs hi
text: finger in a pot of LIP GLOSS. As she. does, IRINA emerges
text: from the stall behind her...
text: The two women stand next to each other at the sink. Irin
text: searches her purse for something.
speaker_heading: IRINA
dialog: Shit, T left mine in the room.
text: Beth offers hers.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Not sure if it’s your shade.
text: They share the lip gloss.
scene_heading: FREEZE FRAME ON THE MONITOR
text: Orantes leans back. The moment of infection. She looks
text: at the flow chart of transmission.
dialog: 8.
dialog: sets
dialog: e
dialog: Sa
dialog: er
dialog: a
dialog: up
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 99.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: Emhoff gave it to the model. The
dialog: model gave it to Khalifa. It isn’t
dialog: a weapon. I read the work reports.
dialog: Bai cleaned that bathroom an hour
dialog: later when his shift started.: He
dialog: was likely exposed. oe
scene_heading: CHINESE COUNTERPART
dialog: They say the French and Americans
dialog: have a cure. They are
dialog: manufacturing it in secret. WHO
text: knows, but they are in bed with the
dialog: Americans.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: Who says?
scene_heading: CHINESE COUNTERPART
text: Blogger on the internet.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: You don't believe that, do you?
text: Chinese Counterpart shrugs.
text: He nods.
text: He nods.
dialog: the phone.
speaker_heading: ORANTES (CONT'D)
dialog: How is your mother?
scene_heading: CHINESE COUNTERPART
dialog: We tried forsythia. But, she
dialog: didn’t. make'it. There's a mass
text: grave on Lantau.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: I’m sorry.
speaker_heading: ORANTES (CONT'D)
dialog: I‘m going to go out for a run. We
dialog: need to know where Emhoff was
text: before the casino.
text: Orantes leaves. .The Chinese Counterpart picks up
text: He looks out the window. Someone answers on the
dialog: other line.
scene_heading: CHINESE COUNTERPART
dialog: Yes, now. I’11 want to be
dialog: included.
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 100.
scene_heading: EXT. HONG KONG - MORNING
text: Orantes goes for a run. She wears a mask and gloves. It’s a
text: erisp morning in Hong Kong. Not much traffic. The city is
text: primarily shut down. A few high end sedans. A few military
text: vehicles. Everyone wears a mask.
dialog: 
text: SOME OF THE AFFLICTED are huddled together around trash can
text: fires. Bundles of food are left for them. Orantes steers
text: clear of them.
text: Orantes turns a corner and a VAN does the same. It slows to
text: Match her pace. She speeds up. So does the van.
text: She turns a corner.
text: The van does, too. The window rolls down.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Dr. Orantes, you're needed back at
dialog: the hotel. There‘s a call from
dialog: Geneva.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: The ministry sent me. We're
dialog: targets in the official vehicles~-
dialog: sorry to frighten you. Get in.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: How did you know. where to find me?
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Many of us are looking.
text: She remains suspicious.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: I’il run back now.
text: She turns and starts back toward the hotel. She is just a
text: few feet away when the back of the van opens. THREE ARMED
text: MEN IN BALACLAVAS get out and give chase.
text: Orantes runs. But, they are on her and force her to the
text: ground. Her mask gets sideways in the fall. She turns her
text: face away from HER ATTACKERS dodging their breath and sweat.
text: Hands and faces and germs.
text: She turns her face to the pavement and curls in a-ball. They
text: pick her up and drag her away.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 101.
scene_heading: INT. VAN - CONTINUOUS
text: Orantes is thrown in the back. She is cuffed to the frame of
text: the compartment. The cuffs scratch her wrist opening up a
text: small wound. She sees a new point of entry on her body
text: opening to a world full of danger.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: You are the news in Geneva, Dr.
dialog: Orantes.
scene_heading: INT. NICE HOUSE - EDINA, MINNESOTA
text: Jory sits by the window and TEXTS messages to somebody
text: somewhere. A blanket of bright white snow stretches
text: invitingly.
scene_heading: MERRY CHRISTMAS :~-(
text: And she types back.
text: PAN ACROSS THE SNOW AND THEN UP TO A WINDOW A FEW HOUSES
dialog: DOWN...
text: Through a window and into a TEENAGE BOY’S room. He lays on
text: his bed thinking what boys think about. His phone reads:
text: I WANT TO GO OUTSIDE AND JUMP IN THE SNOW
text: He types back. She reads.
dialog: I WANT TO JUMP ON YOU
text: A little smile.
text: Across the street another family is gathering up the fresh
text: snow in WATER JUGS and PAILS. Emhoff enters the living room——
text: putting on his warmest clothes.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
text: They're doing a drop at the park.
dialog: I’m gonna go help.
speaker_heading: JORY
dialog: I saw on the news that they’re
text: getting closer to a vaccine.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 102.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: Saw that, too. Then they just need
dialog: to make about 6 billion doses.
text: She hands him a piece of paper folded up.
speaker_heading: JORY
dialog: Merry Christmas.
dialog: 
text: He unfolds it. A picture of the new iPhone.. He is confused.
speaker_heading: JORY (CONT'D)
dialog: They’re not sure when delivery is
dialog: gonna be back to normal. So for
dialog: now you can just look at the
dialog: picture.
speaker_heading: EMHOFP
dialog: Shoot, I should have done that.
dialog: I’m sorry, Jory. Just stay inside.
dialog: I’1lL let you beat me at Rock Band
dialog: when I get back then I’ll take you
dialog: to Mom’s.
text: He walks outside. A STRAGGLE of NEIGHBORS keeps their
text: distance all walking the same directions toward a pre-
dialog: arranged locale.
text: She watches him leave. Then returns to her texting. She
dialog: sends:
dialog: SNOW ANGELS?
text: She begins to put on her parka and snow boots.
scene_heading: INT. CDC BSL-~4 LAB - MONKEY ROOM - DAY
text: Cages line the walls. ‘Some more have died since the last
dialog: time we have seen them. Most are empty now.
text: TRACKING DOWN THE CAGES
text: Some LAB TECHS in full space suits take a sample from another
text: dead Rhesus-- number 23. They put the animal in a trash bag.
text: Further down, another BENCH SCIENTIST examines MONKEY 57.
text: Still alive. Resistant in some way. He pushes an intercom
text: button on the wall.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: i
dialog: '
dialog: !
dialog: |
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 103.
speaker_heading: BENCH SCIENTIST
dialog: Fifty-seven. Symptom free for 72
dialog: hours.
scene_heading: EXT, BRYANT PARK ~ MINNESOTA
dialog: 
text: A MILITARY PLANE flies over the snow covered park and dumps
text: out pallets with parachutes. They crash to the ground and
text: their foil covered contents scatter around.
speaker_heading: A FEMA MAN
text: Stands with a megaphone trying to bring order to the food
dialog: dispersal.
speaker_heading: FEMA MAN
dialog: Please observe social distancing
dialog: policies when retrieving your MREs.
text: One at a time.
dialog: But, this isn’t going to work. Too many people. Some have
text: shopping carts and others have wheel barrels. A SNOWMOBILE
text: appears out of nowhere. .
text: They race for the food like they’re dollar bills. A man has
text: filled a SHOPPING CART and is trying to push it through the
dialog: snow.
text: A man with a BASEBALL BAT cuts him down at the knees-- right
text: in front of Emhoff.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: Hey.
text: Other PEOPLE descend on the shopping cart. A fight breaks
text: out. BASEBALL BAT menaces an OLDER MAN.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: You don’t want me to breathe on
dialog: you, bud.
text: The OLDER MAN reaches into the cart.
speaker_heading: BASEBALL BAT
dialog: Bullshit. Drop it.
text: The Old Man looks up and spits at him. Baseball Bat recoils
text: and rears up with the bat.
text: Emhoff steps in. He stops the downstroke of the bat.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 104.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: Let it go.
text: The Old Man glares at Emhoff as well.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN _
dialog: You stay away too, Hero. You don’t
dialog: want what I've got.
text: Emhoff wipes the spit off of Baseball Bat. He puts a couple
text: of MREs in a shopping bag and troops off.
scene_heading: INT. CDC - CHEEVER’S OFFICE/HEXTALL’S OFFICE - DAY
text: Both on the phone.
speaker_heading: HEXTALL
dialog: Nothing conclusive today.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Not much of a merry Christmas.
speaker_heading: HEXTALL
dialog: I'm an atheist.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Science can do that to you.
speaker_heading: HEXTALL
dialog: What‘re you gonna tell the
dialog: administration today?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: I’m going te tell them that we
dialog: can’t protect people from madmen in
dialog: airplanes, or greedy men in banks
dialog: or very small organisms that move
dialog: from one species to another. Then
dialog: I'l) tell them we’re working on it.
dialog: We're closer with every failure.
dialog: Things like that. And then they‘1ll
dialog: ask me “when?”
speaker_heading: HEXTALL
dialog: If we had it right now, we’d still
dialog: need to do human trials. We'd have
dialog: to figure out manufacturing and
dialog: distribution, we’d have to figure
dialog: out who gets it first-- the young,
dialog: the military, people at risk...
text: Roger the Janitor lingers down the hallway. Cheever gets up
text: and closes the door.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 “105.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Homeland Security wants to know if
dialog: we can put it in the water like
dialog: fluoride.
speaker_heading: —
scene_heading: ANGLE ON HEXTALL oe
text: Hextall looks at a vial on her desk. VACCINE #57.
speaker_heading: HEXTALL
dialog: In 1982 there was an Australian
dialog: doctor who proved that stomach
dialog: ulcers were caused by bacteria not
dialog: stress. You know how?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER (0.S.)
dialog: Nope.
text: She takes out a syringe.
speaker_heading: HEXTALL
dialog: Drank a bunch of water with the
dialog: bugs in it and got sick. Won a
dialog: Nobel Prize. Changed the way we
dialog: treat ulcers. Barry Marshall.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Do we have anything even close?
speaker_heading: HEXTALL
dialog: T’'1ll ask the monkeys and get back
dialog: to you.
dialog: She injects herself with vaccine. '
scene_heading: EXT. MINNEHAHA CREEK - MINNESOTA — SIMULTANEOUSLY
text: Jory lies on her back in the snow making an angel. She wears
text: her protective mask-- the same cargo. plane flies over her.
text: A SHADOW PASSES OVER HER
text: The TEENAGE BOY appears. He also wears a mask.
speaker_heading: JORY
dialog: Don’t step on my angel.
text: Her eyes smile. His smile back.
text: He lies down on top of her. Their breath making soft clouds.
text: The watch it dissipate in the cold air between them.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 106.
text: He starts to lower his mask. She turns her head. Holds her
dialog: breath.
speaker_heading: TEENAGE BOY
dialog: I'm fine, Jory. If. neither of us
dialog: have it, then we can’t give.it to
dialog: each other.
text: Instead, she unzips her jacket. He rolls over and does the
dialog: same.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE (O.S8.)
dialog: (prelap)
dialog: “Alas! Our ships enter. the port,
dialog: but of a.thousand sailors hardly
dialog: ten are spared, We reach our homes«
dialog: our kindred and our neighbors come
dialog: from all parts to visit us...
text: She climbs. on top cf him-- cheek to cheek. Tentative.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE (0.S:) (CONT'D)
dialog: .+.Woe to us for we cast at them
dialog: the darts of death! Whilst we spoke
dialog: to them, whilst they embraced us
dialog: and Kissed us, we scattered the
dialog: poison from our lips...
scene_heading: INT. KRUMWIEDE’S APARTMENT - EVENING
text: He sits by himself in front of his web camera. Sweating.
text: Reading aloud fron an old tattered book.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: .--They in turn soon infected their
dialog: whole families, who in three days
text: succumbed, and were puried in one
dialog: common grave. Priests and doctors
dialog: visiting the sick returned from
dialog: their duties ill, and soon were
dialog: numbered with the dead, Oh death!
dialog: Cruel, bitter, impious. death! Which
dialog: thus breaks the bonds of affection
dialog: and divides father and mother,
dialog: brother and sister, son and wife.
dialog: Lamenting our misery, we feared toa
dialog: fly, yet we dared not remain.”
dialog: Gabriele de' Mussi, 1348, Genoa,
dialog: Italy. The black plague. Here it
dialog: comes again. :
text: He puts a thermometer to his ear.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 107.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: Most of us will live. our immune
dialog: systems will tell the story to our
dialog: children’s immune systems. Most of
dialog: US...
text: The thermometer beeps.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE (CONT’D)
dialog: My temperature is 101-- higher than
dialog: it was earlier. My head hurts and
text: my throat feels like it‘s closing.
text: He takes some forsythia tincture and drops it into water.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: This.is Forsythia. I have been
dialog: taking it since the onset of
dialog: symptoms.
text: He swallows the water.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE (CONT’D)
dialog: If you see me here tomorrow-- you
dialog: will know if it works.
scene_heading: INT. CHEEVER'S APARTMENT — NIGHT
text: Cheever comes running in-- the place has been ransacked. The
text: door is shattered. Cupboards are emptied. Drawers are thrown
text: around. Aubrey is sobbing. Curled in a corner on the floor.
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: They knew where you worked. They
dialog: waited for you to leave.
text: He gathers her up in his arms.
speaker_heading: AUBREY (CONT’D}
dialog: They took the food and the water
dialog: bottles. They went through the
dialog: medicine chest. They asked where
dialog: the cure was.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: The cure for what?
text: He carries her into the bedroom.
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: It’s because they saw you on the
dialog: news and they heard about what
dialog: happened, isn‘t it?
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 108.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: It’s not you fault, Aub. It's all
dialog: breaking down. There are studies
dialog: that say it will fall apart now for
dialog: awhile.
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: I tried to stop them. I did. ‘They
dialog: threw me down.
text: He puts her down on the bed-- steps back. Thinking.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: They threw you down? I thought you
dialog: said they didn’t touch you? Did
dialog: they looks sick?
text: A shadow of doubt crosses Cheever.
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: They had masks on, Ellis. I cleaned
dialog: everything after they left. You
dialog: can smeil the ammonia.
text: He looks around.
speaker_heading: AUBREY (CONT'D)
dialog: You have to trust me, Ellis.
text: He sits down next to her. Embarrassed by his own paranoia.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: I trust you, Aub. I do.
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: Do you?
text: But, does he? She moves to kiss him-- nuzzles him. Mingling
text: breath. He is uncertain at first and then gives in to it.
text: They kiss.
scene_heading: INT. STATRWELL ~ EVENING
text: THE DRIVER who kidnapped Orantes takes her down a winding
text: Staircase at a pace. She is hooded and stumbles to keep up.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Down, step, down, step...
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: I can’t help you.
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 109.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: We will trade you for a hundred
dialog: doses.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: trade
dialog: 
dialog: There is no cure. You ca!
dialog: me. There are no doses.
dialog: 
text: They arrive at the bottom of the stairs. Breathless.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Yes, there is medicine. But, they
dialog: won’t share it. It stays in
dialog: Beijing. ‘Or Washington. Or
dialog: London. They: watch us die from
dialog: satellites while they give it to
dialog: each other.
text: He removes her hood. -
speaker_heading: DRIVER (CONT'D)
dialog: You are the cure. You're a mirror,
text: He opens a door and pushes her inside.
scene_heading: INT. DIMLY LIT ROOM - CONTINUOUS
text: Orantes’ eyes adjust to the light. She sees...
speaker_heading: A HUNDRED KIDS
text: A few adults as well. Crowded into a room. Scared and
text: hungry. Orantes shrinks from them. Terrified.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: Are they sick?
text: The driver says something in CANTONESE to the group. She
text: doesn't understand. Panic coming at her.
speaker_heading: ORANTES (CONT'D)
dialog: You can’t leave me in here.
text: He moves to the door.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: We need to save electricity.
text: He kills the lights.
speaker_heading: DIP TO BLACK
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION ~ 1/14/10 110.
scene_heading: SUPER: 4 MONTHS LATER
speaker_heading: MEGAPHONE (9.S.)
dialog: you will need identification that
dialog: confirms your number is One. For
dialog: today.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. ARMORY - MINNEAPCLIS
text: A cool spring day. People stand in line. Think of it like a
dialog: polling place. The people. keep their distance from each
text: other. Signs on the wall remind them:
scene_heading: SIX FEET IS SAFE
text: Other signs tell people how to cough and not to shake hands.
text: A new social order has taken hold in signage and custom. One
text: sign displays a crest with an EAGLE HOLDING A SYRINGE against
text: a US FLAG.
speaker_heading: MEGAPHONE
dialog: If you have a fever-- you will not
dialog: be given a vaccination. If you
dialog: have received the vaccine, make
dialog: certain that you are stamped on the
text: left wrist.
scene_heading: TRACK DOWN THE LINE
text: Toward the front. NATIONAL GUARDSMAN keep it orderly.
text: At the front of the line-now. A MIDDLE AGED man goes into a
text: curtained cubicle. One of ten. Inside he finds...
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
text: Dressed in nurse’s attire. He administers the vaccine.
speaker_heading: MIDDLE AGED MAN
dialog: You weren‘t one of the ones that
dialog: went on strike were you?
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: No, just got trained in the last
dialog: couple of months. A.program for
dialog: the immune.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 111.
speaker_heading: MIDDLE AGED MAN
dialog: You had it?
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: Yeah, I had it. Head back.
text: The man tilts his head back and Emhoff.sprays two bursts up
dialog: the man’s nose. pone
speaker_heading: MIDDLE AGED MAN
dialog: That’s it?
text: Emhoff stamps his wrist with the EAGLE/SYRINGE crest like a
text: doorman at a bar-- the stamp works once and is discarded.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: Yeah, that’s it.
speaker_heading: MIDDLE AGED MAN
dialog: Seems so easy.
scene_heading: EXT. LANTAU ISLAND, CHINA - DAY
text: A group of buildings at the foot of the Tian Tan Buddha. THE
text: DRIVER who abducted ORANTES comes down the steps of a
text: monastery building. He carries a sidearm.
text: He goes down the staircase to the LOCKED ROOM.
speaker_heading: INSIDE
text: The same 100 children and Orantes. She feeds them. They
text: teach her words of CANTONESE. She repeats after them and
text: laughs-- then she teaches them the same words in English.
text: Her other abductors also tend to the kids.
text: Everyone is healthy. Isolated.
text: The DRIVER comes over and kneels next to her.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: They accepted the terms.
text: She smiles-~ squeezés his hand. A look passes between them.
scene_heading: EXT. KRUMWIEDE‘S APARTMENT - DAY
text: Krumwiede stands at the window with a microphone and an amp.
text: A Shepard Fairey poster on the adjacent window.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 112.
text: A FEW PEOPLE GATHER AROUND on the street below. Disciples.
text: Among them a MIDDLE AGED WOMAN who takes notes.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: Today the government will begin
dialog: poisoning the people. In 1976, we
dialog: vaccinated against swine flu-and
dialog: five hundred people got Guillain-
dialog: Barré Syndrome. Twenty five people
dialog: died. I had the virus-- I got
dialog: through it. I took forsythia and I
dialog: stayed away from others. What else
dialog: is going up your nose when they
dialog: tell you they are keeping you
dialog: healthy?
text: A police car pulls up.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE (CONT'D) POLICE
dialog: These are my first amendment You are in violation of Virus
dialog: rights. Freedom of assembly. Libel Code. Please cease and
dialog: They’re throwing the desist or you will be charged
text: constitution away. and arrested.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE (CONT'D)
dialog: And taken where? What are you
dialog: doing for prison guards? Who’s
dialog: gonna try me? Where you gonna get
dialog: a jury?
text: The POLICE disperse the crowd.
text: Krumwiede scatters the leaflets in the wind-- shuts the
dialog: window.
scene_heading: INT. CDC - CHEEVER‘S OFFICE - DAY
text: Haggerty makes the rounds with TWO ARMED GUARDS. He has with
text: him a cart filled with doses of MEV-1 VACCINE.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
text: Two for Dr. Ellis Cheever and wife.
text: Cheever takes the doses.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY (CONT’D}
text: Congrats on the marriage.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: We'll have a ceremony and party in
dialog: a couple of months, once there's
text: something resembling normal going
dialog: on.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 113.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: You want me to give you yours now?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Nah, she’ll want us to do it
dialog: together, I think she has
dialog: champagne.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: Haggerty holds up his stamped ‘LEFT WRIST.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: See you at the airport?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Lawyer says I should stay out of
dialog: sight for now. Bad idea to be part
dialog: of the victory dance.
speaker_heading: HAGGERTY
dialog: Screw ‘em. It‘s all politics,
dialog: Ellis. Patriot Act won't apply
dialog: here. Not to you taking care of
dialog: your fiancée. Come on. The
dialog: President’1l pardon you---if it i
dialog: ever goes that far.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CHEEVER :
dialog: I‘ll watch you on TV. \
text: He leaves the box of vaccines with Cheever.
scene_heading: EXT. GOLDEN GATE PARK - DAY
text: KRUMWIEDE sits on a bench with the MIDDLE AGED WOMAN from
text: outside his house. She is dressed conservatively. He sips
text: water from a NALGENE bottle.
speaker_heading: MIDDLE AGED WOMAN
dialog: We've been following what you've
dialog: been saying for some time now. You
dialog: are in a unique position going
dialog: forward-- something bigger than
dialog: Forsythia.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: I've been harassed and threatened.
dialog: I've lost a family member. My
dialog: mother. And they’ve accused me of
dialog: fraud-- just because Forsythia made
dialog: me some money.
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 114.
speaker_heading: MIDDLE AGED WOMAN
dialog: Do you think you would be willing
dialog: to help us? To reframe things.
dialog: Use what has happened as a catalyst
dialog: for change.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: After the Spanish Flu in 1918, you
dialog: know, people got rich. Vicks
dialog: VapoRub, Lysol. people. Look it
dialog: up...A country slaughters all the
dialog: chickens-- red meat goes into
text: higher demand. Then a news story
text: comes out and the price plummets.
dialog: I’m a man stepping up to a
text: microphone in front of a very large
dialog: crowd. That’s who I am. You want
dialog: to talk? Money talks.
text: Krumwiede locks on a man in the distance. The man is with
text: the PARKS DEPARTMENT. He has his finger in his ear-- maybe
text: concealing a HEARING DEVICE.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE (CONT’D)
dialog: Is he with you? Are you wearing a
dialog: wire?
scene_heading: MIDDLE. AGED WOMAN
dialog: What? Who? No. You're immune anyway
dialog: aren’t you? >
text: Krumwiede gets up and leaves-- walking briskly. Head on.a
text: swivel, The PARKS DEPARTMENT MAN lays down his rake and
text: begins to follow.
text: Krumwiede looks back at. the MIDDLE AGED WOMAN. She reaches
text: into her bag and gets out a badge.
text: Krumwiede begins to run across the park. Various PARKS
text: DEPARTMENT MEN drop their rakes and converge. Alan isn’t
text: much of an athlete. They quickly converge on him.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE .
dialog: For what? Tell me for what?
text: The MIDDLE AGED WOMAN arrives.
speaker_heading: MIDDLE AGED WOMAN
dialog: On your stomach, Alan. Do not
dialog: attempt to cough or spit at any FBI
dialog: personnel.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: This is entrapment.
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 115.
speaker_heading: MIDDLE AGED WOMAN
dialog: You never even had it. You lied.
dialog: It’s a scam.
speaker_heading: . KRUMWIEDE
dialog: Forsythia helped a lot of people--
dialog: the administration is in hed-with
dialog: Big Pharma.
speaker_heading: MIDDLE AGED WOMAN
dialog: Forsythia helped you and a couple
dialog: of other investors.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: I had it...I had it...
speaker_heading: MIDDLE AGED WOMAN
dialog: We’ll see, Alan.
speaker_heading: KRUMWLIEDE
dialog: You can’t look at my blood. You
dialog: can’t.
text: THE AGENTS, in masks and gloves, twist tie his wrists and
text: hood him. They take him away.
scene_heading: EXT. KOWLOON LADIES’ MARKET - DAY
text: Orantes stands with a GUN TO HER HEAD. It is held by THE
text: DRIVER. Fifty yards away are CHINESE AUTHORITIES. Some are
text: armed. In the middle of them is LEOPOLD.
text: He watches Orantes hopefully.
text: TWO HOODED CHINESE NATIONALS pick up the boxes of vaccine and
text: bring it toward the van.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Is it French or American?
speaker_heading: CHINESE OFFICIAL
dialog: We could not get enough doses from
dialog: the French. We are making it here
dialog: now. Same formula.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Then we will not release her.
text: The HOODED NATIONALS stand next to Orantes and the driver.
text: They rip into the boxes to explore the contents.
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 116.
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD
dialog: We have shared the vaccine with the
dialog: Chinese government-- it is being
dialog: manufactured in Beijing. Please,
dialog: let Dr. Orantes go.
text: The driver rips open a packet. He tilts orantes’ head back
text: and sprays the vaccine up her nose.
speaker_heading: CHINESE OFFICIAL
dialog: And now, what? We stand here for
dialog: days and see if she gets sick?
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: (sotto)
dialog: It’s the best we can hope for.
text: The Driver weighs his options. On a signal the NATIONALS grab
text: the boxes and head toward the van.. The Driver drags Orantes
text: back toward the van with him.
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD
dialog: Wait...
speaker_heading: DRIVER
text: Nobody comes closer.
text: They are back at the van now. Boxes loaded. One of the
text: HOODED NATIONALS behind the wheel-- engine revving, The
text: DRIVER pulls Orantes to the rear of the van. Hidden from
dialog: sight.
text: The Van peels out. Leaving...
speaker_heading: ORANTES:
text: Standing in the street. Hand-cuffs gone. Free. Leopold
text: rushes toward her. He embraces her.
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD
dialog: Are you OK?
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: What could be safer than being a
dialog: hostage?
scene_heading: EXT. FREEWAY, ATLANTA - DAY
text: CHEEVER sits alone in the back seat of a Town Car. Music
text: plays on the radio.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 117.
speaker_heading: DRIVER (0.S.)
dialog: You want to hear the news instead?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Up to you.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DRIVER (0.S.) =
dialog: Anything you think I need to know?
text: The Driver has more questions than a kid on Christmas, but he
dialog: knows not to ask.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: I’m sure you've heard it all
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: I saw a thing on the internet that
dialog: said it isn’t random assignments.
dialog: That people are forging and selling
dialog: and that there’s politics in it.
dialog: You think that’s true, Doctor
dialog: Cheever?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: I don’t know. I try not to go
dialog: online anymore.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: I got number 59. They say that
dialog: should be fine. You think that?
dialog: You think that will be fine?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Sounds like a good number to me.
dialog: Good odds.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: I hear that. You know, I heard one
dialog: of your co-workers say that it
dialog: wouldn’t even happen in the spring
dialog: or summer.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Maybe. It happens. It always
dialog: happens. Nice out...
text: Cheever puts down the window.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON THE DRIVER
text: He is wearing an N-95 particulate respirator mask. A little
text: soiled and tattered.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 118.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: You sure that’s ccol, Doc?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Turn left up here, Lewis.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: Left. That’s not the way.
text: Cheever puts a briefcase on the seat next to him. He unfolds
text: a slip of paper and hands it forward. The DRIVER takes it
text: from him. He wears RUBBER GLOVES.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER,
dialog: Just turn up here. We have to make
dialog: a stop.
scene_heading: EXT. SUMMERHILL, ATLANTA ~ MOMENTS LATER
text: Cheever's car rolls through the depressed neighborhood. What
dialog: the economy didn’t board up and destroy the MEV has
text: shuttered. Piles of trash and posters directing people to--
text: AVOID HANDSHAKES AND HUGS and WASH THEIR HANDS FOR THIRTY
speaker_heading: SECONDS.
text: People look out their: windows at the clean black car. It
text: stops in front of a simple house.
text: ROGER IN HIS WINDOW
text: Cheever walks to the door with his briefcase.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Your son here?
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: In his room.
scene_heading: INT. ROGER‘S HOUSE ~ MOMENTS LATER
text: Cheever sits with Roger.
speaker_heading: ROGER,
dialog: You don’t have the stamp on your
dialog: wrist.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: ‘il get mine later. There‘s a dog
text: and pony show at the airport.
speaker_heading: (MORE }
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10
speaker_heading: CHEEVER (CONT'D)
dialog: They're gonna start some flights
dialog: again. Everyone was busy. What's
dialog: your number?
speaker_heading: ROGER
text: 283. They’1ll run out by then.
dialog: They say maybe by next January
dialog: they'll have more.
text: Cheever nods grimly.
speaker_heading: ROGER (CONT'D)
dialog: Are we teally giving some to the
dialog: Mexicans?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: I’m not sure who's getting it.
text: He opens up his briefcase.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER (CONT’D)
dialog: You want to go get him.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: How’d you get it?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: I don't see the point in getting
dialog: into that. If I can get another one
dialog: I will.
text: Roger calls to his son.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Anthony? The doctor is here.
text: Cheever gets out a dose of vaccine.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: We can’t give him the stamp.
dialog: They‘11 check his number. But,
dialog: he'll be safe.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Yeah...No worries. He's stamped on
dialog: the inside. Anthony?
text: Anthony enters with a book.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: What are you reading, Anthony?
text: He holds up the book-- LORD OF THE FLIES.
dialog: 119.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION . 1/14/10 120.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: How many times you read that one?
speaker_heading: ANTHONY
dialog: Ten I think. We're out of books.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: ROGER os
dialog: Dr. Cheever is here to make sure
dialog: you don‘t get sick with MEV.
dialog: 
text: Anthony walks over and Roger holds his head back as Cheever
text: prepares the vaccine.
scene_heading: EXT. ROGER‘S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER
text: Roger extends his hand toward Cheever.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Thank you, Dr. Cheever.
text: Cheever looks at his hand.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: You know where that comes from?
speaker_heading: ROGER |
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Shaking hands. It was a way of
dialog: showing a stranger that you weren’t
dialog: carrying a weapon. You offered
dialog: your right hand to show it was
dialog: empty. That you meant no harm.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Didn‘t know that.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: I wonder if the virus did. Figured
dialog: out the thing we did to make
dialog: ourselves feel safe and saw a
dialog: chance to spread.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Maybe we’re just not that safe
text: around each other to begin with.
text: Cheever extends his hand-~ Roger takes it. They shake.
speaker_heading: ROGER (CONT’D)
dialog: Good luck with everything, Doc. I
dialog: know you have some trouble.
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 121.
scene_heading: INT. NICE HOUSE - EDINA, MINNESOTA - DAY
text: Close on a wrist lighting Birthday Candles on a homemade
text: cake. The wrist has the INSIGNIA on it. Thomas Emhoff.
text: Jory sits at the head of the table. Emhoff hands her a folded
text: up piece of paper~- as she did on CHRISTMAS. A BIRTHDAY
scene_heading: PRESENT.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: I’m not sure what the delivery date
dialog: is-- or I can go and pick it up for
dialog: you. Oh, wait, let me get the
dialog: camera.
text: He runs upstairs. She unfolds the paper-- A BASS GUITAR AND
text: AMPLIFIER are on it.
speaker_heading: dORY
dialog: (yelling up to him)
dialog: That’s amazing, Dad. Thank you!
dialog: Thank you!
speaker_heading: ON EMHOFF
text: He gets Beth’s CARRY-ON down from the closet. It’s been
text: there since the beginning. He gets her digital camera out of
dialog: the bag.
text: Heads back downstairs with the camera.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: What, did Alex get?
speaker_heading: JORY
dialog: He's an 11.
speaker_heading: EMROFF
dialog: That’s a good number.
speaker_heading: JORY
dialog: So, if he gets his vaccine, then he
dialog: can come over and watch a movie or
dialog: something, right? Because if he’s
dialog: immune than I can’t get it from
dialog: hin.
text: Emhoff smiles at her as he raises the camera.
speaker_heading: EMHOFF
dialog: Smile, Jory. Make a wish.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 122.
scene_heading: INT, CHEEVER'S BUILDING ~ EVENING
text: Cheever runs up a flight of stairs and stops at the landing.
text: He opens his briefcase. Takes out the vaccine packets. He
text: still has the stamp from the dose he administered to Anthony.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: He puts the insignia on his own wrist
dialog: been vaccinated.
dialog: it appears he has
speaker_heading: AUBREY (0-.S.)
dialog: (prelap)
dialog: I didn't see you at the ceremony at
dialog: the airport...
scene_heading: INT. CHEEVER'S APARTMENT - MOMENTS LATER
text: Cheever prepares the vaccine for Aubrey.
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: I saw Haggerty and Dr. Hextall.
dialog: The President gave her a medal.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: “I’m out of the public eye until the
dialog: hearing.
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: There was a story on the news about
dialog: couples getting married to get
dialog: better numbers. You're not gonna
dialog: get in trouble for this if it
dialog: doesn’t work out, are you?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: Us. My number is 199 without you.
text: Cheever kisses her.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Just taking care of the people in
dialog: my life boat.
text: She caresses the insignia on his wrist. He administers her
text: vaccine. Iwo puffs up her nose and it’s over.
speaker_heading: AUBREY
dialog: Someday they'll figure out why only
dialog: bad things are contagious.
text: He stamps the inside of her wrist.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 123.
scene_heading: INT. NICE HOUSE - EDINA, MINNESOTA - NIGHT
text: Jory hears a knock on the window. She goes downstairs and
text: turns on the lights in the living room.
dialog: 
dialog: 
text: ANGLE ON THE WINDOW
text: Alex-- the SNOW ANGEL BOY stands with a PIECE OF PAPER
text: pressed against the glass. It says:
speaker_heading: HAPPY BIRTHDAY
text: Jory mouths the words “THANK YOU.” He turns over the paper
dialog: and it says.
speaker_heading: 10 MORE DAYS
text: She walks up to the window. They kiss each other on the
text: mouth with the glass in between them.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON EMHOFF
text: In his room. He looks at the birthday pictures on the camera.
text: Jory and the candles, Jory eating the cake...And then
dialog: something else.
speaker_heading: 15 SECONDS OF VIDEO
text: On the memory stick. Beth stands in the kitchen of a GOURMET
text: RESTAURANT IN HONG KONG. Next to her is the Chef who is
text: giving her a tour of the restaurant’s kitchen...
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: (tinny audio from camera)
dialog: OK, well in America we have
dialog: refrigerators but here in Hong Kong
dialog: everything is kept fresh by...
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - HONG KONG RESTAURANT - NIGHT
text: Beth is escorted by the Chef and her Chinese Host who
text: translates for her. Beth narrates for the camera.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: And so we have ducks cooking here
dialog: and wait, he wants to show me
dialog: something.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 124.
text: The Chef takes her by the arm and leads her back to a little
text: room. We can’t see what she sees initially. We just see the
text: chef bending down out of frame,
speaker_heading: BETH (CONT'D)
dialog: oh, my God, he’s so cute. What is
dialog: he?
dialog: 
text: The Chef rises into frame with a small PIG in a cage. The
text: Chef says something in Mandarin-- the word for pig. :
text: Beth takes the camera and gets in closer with it.
speaker_heading: BETH (CONT'D)
dialog: So, that was our main course. And
dialog: he tastes as amazing as he looks...
text: The pig sneezes and everyone giggles.
speaker_heading: BETH (CONT'D)
dialog: What was that? A sneeze. God
dialog: bless you!
text: The Chef puts the cage back down on the ground and the group
text: goes back to the dining room. Beth laughs, not. knowing that
text: the Bat/Pig/Human virus has just jumped into her body.
dialog: We stay with the pig.
scene_heading: INT. HONG KONG AIRPORT - DAY
text: Orantes and Leopold wait to board a flight.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: It was the Emhoff woman, wasn't it?
dialog: She was the index patient. Not
dialog: Khalifa or the Marunouchi Man?
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD
dialog: I’m not sure we’ll ever know.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - HONG KONG WET MARKET - ANOTERER DAY
text: The pig in a cage. Stacked among other cages-- baring the
text: logo of a SPECIFIC FARMER. Al]: manner of bird and beast.
text: They are inspected by locals and the restaurant trade. This
dialog: is how protein finds its way into humans in much of the rest
dialog: of the world.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 : 125.
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD (0.S.)
dialog: 6.2 billion flips of the coin--
dialog: eventually it’s going to land on
dialog: its side.
text: The CHEF haggles with a vendor over price. He doesn’t feel
dialog: well today and is not up to the struggle of bargaining. He
text: coughs a couple of time and gives in to the VENDOR'S price,
text: He purchases two pigs and they are transferred to another
text: cage and carted off. Coughing as they go...Human Virus jumps
dialog: into pig.
scene_heading: INT. HONG KONG AIRPORT - CONTINUOUS
dialog: Orantes and Leopold.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: Could we have done more to stop it?
text: Leopold shrugs.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK - PIG FARM - SOUTHERN CHINA ~ NIGHT
text: The pigs are penned together in a long corrugated structure
text: with a large sliding door emblazoned with the same logo as
text: the cages from the wet market.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE DOOR
text: Open by a small margin, but enough to allow in a LARGE BAT.
text: Followéd by another and another. A flurry of bats makes
text: their way into the long corrugated building and roost in the
text: rafters.
text: One bat swoops down and grabs an APPLE CORE from a trough. It
text: returns to the rafters and gnaws on the apple core.
text: The bat loses its grip on the core and it falls back down
text: into the trough where a pig is waiting to eat. Bat. virus
text: jumps into pig.
scene_heading: INT. HONG KONG AIRPORT - CONTINUOUS
text: Leopold opens his briefcase.
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD
text: It evolves the way it does because
dialog: we evolve the way we do. Maybe it
dialog: puts pressure on us to be better.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 126,
text: Leopold gives Orantes another PACKAGE OF. VACCINE.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: What's that?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD a
dialog: The one you took was placebo
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD
dialog: The Chinese insisted-~ they don’t
text: capitulate with kidnappers. It
dialog: wasn’t up to us. Their operation.
text: Orantes is stunned.
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD (CONT'D)
dialog: (off the real vaccine)
dialog: I took it a couple of days ago-- no
dialog: side effects.
speaker_heading: ORANTES
dialog: It wasn’t for them. There are
dialog: children.
text: She wanders away.
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD
dialog: What children?
text: Moving faster now~- thinking of the children.
speaker_heading: LEOPOLD (CONT'D)
dialog: What? Leonora, where are you
dialog: going?
dialog: Running now.
scene_heading: FLASHBACK — MALAYSTAN JUNGLE - DAY
text: A tree falls under the attack of a chainsaw raising a mist of
text: dirt and dust. Elsewhere earth movers tear at the ground. A
text: darge ground clearing operation is in progress. LOCAL
text: LABORERS toil in the heat of the jungle day.
text: A truck pulis onto the site baring. a logo-~ 3M. The same
text: company that employed BETH EMHOFF. A-WHITE FOREMAN gets out.
text: As another tree succumbs to appetites, economics and gravity.
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 127.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON THE CANOPY
text: A FEW FLYING FOXES-- a breed of large bat-- fly away from the
text: onslaught of machinery~- then more follow. They head off
text: toward the relative safety of a group of CORRUGATED
dialog: buildings. a
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE (0.S.)
dialog: You want to blame me? Or the
dialog: Chinese? What about the bats? Or
dialog: the pigs?
scene_heading: INT. FBI INTERROGATION ROOM - DAY
text: Krumwiede and the MIDDLE AGED WOMAN.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE.
dialog: Cuz' we’re all connected. We ran
dialog: out of room and now we're all
dialog: squeezing into thé margins. We're
dialog: where we've never been before.
text: Digging in caves. Thawing the
text: tundra. Shaking out whatever's
text: been hiding in ‘the treetops. If
dialog: you're the next unknown virus or
dialog: bacteria, we're a hundred million
text: pounds of meat and mess ready to
dialog: swallow.
speaker_heading: MIDDLE AGED WOMAN
dialog: Your blood results came back, Alan.
dialog: You never had the virus. You have
dialog: no antibodies. You lied.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: Of course that's what your labs
dialog: say. Of course that’s what the
dialog: administration wants you to say--
dialog: that’s the real virus here: wealth
dialog: and power. And that’s what I’m
dialog: saying. And I have the right to
dialog: say it. Free speech. Your virus
dialog: didn't affect the constitution did
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: MIDDLE AGED WOMAN
dialog: Where‘s the money, Alan? Where's
dialog: the money you made from scaring
dialog: people?
text: Another AGENT enters. He looks resigned.
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 128.
speaker_heading: OTHER AGENT
dialog: Bail’s been posted.
text: Krumwiede smiles. Stands up.
speaker_heading: KRUMWIEDE
dialog: People should be secared-- you” think
dialog: other animals aren't scared?
speaker_heading: MIDDLE AGED WOMAN
dialog: You’re the fucking virus...You’re
dialog: the mutation.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN FRANCISCO - FBi BUILDING - A LITTLE LATER
text: Krumwiede walks away-- down the street, past a line of people
dialog: waiting to get their inoculations. He's locse in the world.
scene_heading: INT. CDC - BSL 4 - DAY
text: A series of air locks and doors. We track with Hextall and
text: Eisenberg in full space suits as they make their way deeper
text: into the secured area. They carry with them a metal case.
scene_heading: INT. DENNY’S ~ INSIDE THE BELTWAY, DC - MORNING
text: Cheever sits with a LAWYER having eggs and bacon. Files
text: spread across the table. PYRELL has now joined the other
text: condiments on every table.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: These hearings have a way of
text: getting nasty. Feople are running
dialog: for re-election. Everyone’s out
dialog: for a sound bite.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: Oh, 1 know what they're gonna say.
dialog: They're gonna say 35 people died in
dialog: a riot in Chicago. They’re gonna
dialog: say I crashed the stock market and
dialog: caused a run on food.
scene_heading: INT. cDc - BSL 4 - CONTINUOUS
text: Hextall removes a hi-tech cylinder from the metal box. A
text: clear liquid within. It is labeled: MEV-1.
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 129.
speaker_heading: CHEEVER (0.S.)
dialog: They’re gonna say I scattered the
dialog: thing across people’s imaginations--
dialog: I yelled fire in a crowded
dialog: theater...
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. DENNY‘S - INSIDE THE BELTWAY, DC - CONTINUOUS
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: ...Or even worse, I just whispered
dialog: it to the person closest to me. Is
dialog: that any different than what a
dialog: terrorist would do?
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: You told someone you loved.
speaker_heading: CREEVER
dialog: And someone else probably lost
dialog: somebody they loved.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: And so, what are you gonna say?
speaker_heading: CHEEVER
dialog: That I’m human.
speaker_heading: LAWYER
dialog: They’11 probably ask you to resign
dialog: from that, too. .
scene_heading: INT. CDC - BSL 4 - CONTINUCUS
text: Eisenberg puts the cylinder into a bracket. Next to it are
text: other brackets holding other cylinders-- each one is marked
text: with a year going back in time. All hard fought victories.
text: Eisenberg notices Hextall staring in the other direction.
speaker_heading: EISENBERG
dialog: What is it?
scene_heading: HEXTALL’S POV - THE OTHER DIRECTION
text: Beyond the bracket with the newest virus in it we see:
speaker_heading: MORE BRACKETS
text: Empty. Extending to the end of focus. Waiting for new
dialog: viruses. The future.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
scene_heading: CONTAGION 1/14/10 130.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: HEXTALL
dialog: Nothing.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
