dialog: 
speaker_heading: COOL RUNNINGS
dialog: by
dialog: Tommy Swerdlow
dialog: &
dialog: Michael Goldberg
speaker_heading: DRAFT: 11/23/92
dialog: 
dialog: be
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH SCHOOL SOCCER STADIUM, RURAL JAMAICA ~ DAWN
text: (ROLL CREDITS, A REGGAE VERSION OF THE BEATLES' "HERE COMES
scene_heading: THE SUN" KICKS IN)
text: The tropical sun pokes its mighty head over the lush green
text: hills creating a peaceful early morning mist that falls over
text: a beat-up soccer field and the crude dirt track that
text: Surrounds it.
text: A rooster's crowing breaks the eerie silence as a ghost like
text: figure circles the track.
text: This is no weekend jogger. This is: DERICE BANNOCK, Olympic
text: hopeful and one of the island's top sprinters. Derice has the
text: face of an African Prince and the long fluid stride of a4
dialog: champion.
text: He goes along at an easy pace, then, before you can blink an
text: eye, he's sprinting down the straightaway like he was shot
text: out of a cannon.
text: He stretches forward as if he were breaking an imaginary
text: tape. Derice pulls back to a jog and begins his ‘victory lap'
text: waving to the imaginary crowd, one athlete, alone with his
text: dream, running in the early morning mist.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DIRT STREETS OF A JAMAICAN SHANTY TOWN - CONT'D
text: We. see TWO POWERFUL FIFTY YEAR-OLD WOMEN carrying big baskets
text: of fruit on their heads.
text: They see someone coming their way.
text: It's Derice. He is still jogging, but this is an easier more
text: relaxed pace than before.
text: He breaks into a warm smile as he waves to the women.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: (with a casual salute)
dialog: Morning, ladies.
speaker_heading: LADY #1
dialog: (teasing)
dialog: Faster, Bannock, faster!
speaker_heading: LADY $2
dialog: Come on, child...You got an Olympics
dialog: to get te.
dialog: 
dialog: 2.
text: Derice gives a small laugh and goes into a higher gear as he
text: flies past the two women.
speaker_heading: LADY #1
dialog: Handsome as a lion that one.
speaker_heading: LADY #2
dialog: I could watch his bum all day.
text: The two older women giggle like school girls.
scene_heading: EXT. FARTHER DOWN THE ROAD - CONT'D
text: As Derice jogs aiong, we see little kids tagging behind him.
text: Some drop off as others take their place.
text: From Derice's POV, we see a little snack and soft-drink
text: stand. The sign above it reads ‘UNCLE FERTE'S.' In front of
text: the stand, JOSEPH, an old retired fisherman plays dominoes by
text: himself on a wobbly card table.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Here he comes!
text: UNCLE FERTE, a seventy year-old man with kind eyes and
text: leathery skin, comes out from behind the stand with a bottle
dialog: of water.
text: Derice grabs the bottle without breaking stride.
speaker_heading: FERTE
dialog: (calling after)
dialog: Go get ‘em, tiger!
text: Ferte comes over to Joseph. They watch Derice run off.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Look at him...He run just like his
dialog: father.
speaker_heading: FERTE
dialog: Wait till the world finds out we got
dialog: another Bannock.
dialog: {End credits)
scene_heading: EXT. BLUE MOUNTAINS JAMAICA'S PUSHCART DERBY — NOON
text: A nice crowd has shown up for the annual ‘Pushcart Derby’
dialog: {The Jamaican version of Soap Box Racing.}
dialog: 
text: The Derby is 4 big event and has a carnival atmosphere. A
text: live Reggae band turns out the beat as spectators line the
text: mountain road all the way down to the finish line.
text: CLOSE ON: A pushcart. It is painted in the traditional
text: Rastafarian black, green, and red. On the front of the cart,
text: printed in bold letters is 'TRENCHTOWN ROCKET! '
text: Relaxing in the driver's seat, as he looks through a pair of
text: binoculars, is SANKA COFFIE, the reigning king of ‘Derby'
text: racing and Derice Bannock‘s best friend.
text: SANKA IS THE ONLY ADULT IN THE RACE. His long ‘Dreadlocks’
text: stick out from under his ‘World War I' leather flyer's helmet
text: and goggles. His outfit is completed with wild tye-dyed
text: flour-sack knickers, red high-tops, and argyle socks.
text: Sanka's POV: A fine EIGHTEEN YEAR-OLD GIRL in a summer dress
text: swayin't in the crowd.
text: As Sanka adjusts the focus on the binoculars, we close in on
text: WINSTON, a slight, goofy ten year-old boy. Winston wears a
text: beat up American football helmet and is covered in grease and
text: grime as he uses all his strength to tighten a loose bolt on
dialog: the cart.
text: Sanka puts the binoculars down and contemplates.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: You know, Winston...As I sit here
dialog: thinking about all the greatness
dialog: which is me...I begin to realize
dialog: what an honor this must be for a boy
dialog: such as yourself. To ride with the
dialog: gifted one...The Grand Poobah of the
dialog: pushcart...Sanka Coffie.
text: We hear a VOICE OFF CAMERA.
speaker_heading: DERICE (V.0.)
dialog: {calls out)
dialog: Hey, Poobah, when you gonna take on
dialog: someone your own size?
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Whoever said that better be ready to
dialog: rumble.
text: Sanka springs to his feet, spins around and sees it's Derice.
speaker_heading: SANKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Where you been, star? I'm about to
dialog: go for my ail-time record, seventh
text: in a row.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Be easy, ras...You know I ain't
dialog: gonna forget me best friend on his
dialog: day of days.
text: Winston jumps up from behind the cart and comes over to
dialog: Derice.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
dialog: (interupting him)
dialog: Hey Derice, my grandpa says you're a
dialog: cinch to make it to the Olympics. He
dialog: Says you're gonna be even better
dialog: than your father.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: And my grandpa says you better get
dialog: your pee-wee ass back behind that
dialog: cart...We got a derby to win!
text: Derice can't heip but laugh.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STARTING LINE
text: A HUNDRED FUNKY, COLORFULLY PAINTED, HOME~BUILT, RAG~TAG
text: PUSH~CARTS are lined up in rows ten across and ten deep.
text: SANKA'S CART IS IN THE LAST ROW.
text: A wildly dressed OLD RASTA takes a starter's pistol and
text: points it in the air.
speaker_heading: OLD RASTA
dialog: On your marks.
scene_heading: EXT. SANKA'S CART - SAME
text: Sanka pulls an egg out from somewhere inside his shirt.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: {to Winston, affection
dialog: ately)
dialog: Quick, little ras...Kiss the lucky
dialog: egg.
text: Winston tries to kiss the egg through his football helmet.
dialog: wo
speaker_heading: OLD RASTA (V.C.}
dialog: Get set.
text: Sanka calls out his final battle cry.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: (chanting, rockin' side
dialog: to side)
dialog: Feel the rhythm, feel the rhyme, get
dialog: on up, it's derby time!!
scene_heading: EXT. STARTING LINE
text: Old rasta fires the pistol and the madness begins.
text: We see a head on shot of all the carts, and colors, and kids
text: coming right at us. The pushers push for all their worth and
text: the drivers try to keep them straight as the crowd starts a
dialog: roar that won't stop till the finish.
text: Before the race is ten seconds old, a dozen carts are out of
text: control, smashing into the spectators and each other. It
text: looks like total chaos. Sanka has moved up five rows in the
dialog: first thirty seconds.
text: CLOSE ON: Sanka's cart; he's weaving and bobbing avoiding
text: traffic, throwing his weight from side to side. He passes
text: another fifteen carts in a matter of seconds and trains his
text: sights on the leaders,
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Spread out, suckers...Here comes the
dialog: rocket!!
text: Sanka strikes an aerodynamic pose as he comes up on A FUNKY
text: BLUE CART and challenges it for position.
dialog: But the BLUE CART is not to be taken lightly. It bump wheels
text: with Sanka and tries to drive him off the road. Sanka holds
text: his ground and even takes a slight advantage.
text: The funky blue cart's DRIVER is pissed. He tries to ram
text: Sanka, but Sanka whips the wheel hard. The blue cart's driver
text: misses Sanka badly and smashes into the hay bails that line
text: the racing strip. Sanka's cart miraculously does a full 360
text: turn and continues on it's way.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: {taunting the blue cart}
dialog: Say hello to the ‘Coffie whip,‘
dialog: sucker!
dialog: 6
text: But this little duel has let AN OMINOUS BLACK AND SILVER CART
dialog: take a big lead.
text: As Sanka looks ahead he knows he's gonna have to do something
text: special to pull this one out of the bag. He calls to Winston.
speaker_heading: SANKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Release the ‘sanity brake'...I'm
dialog: going to RASTA~DRIVE!!
text: Winston pulls on a stick and the cart sprouts little wings
text: painted, green, black and red.
speaker_heading: SANKA (CONT'D)
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Rastafari!!!
text: Sanka, now begins bouncing up and down, bending his knees,
text: pumping his ass like a locomotive. He gains radical speed and
text: passes everyone but the black and silver cart.
text: The crowd goes wild. Derice pumps his fist in the air.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HOME STRETCH
text: There are 50 yards left and Sanka's within striking distance.
text: As they approach the finish line we see a determined Winston,
text: who somehow has the entire top half of his body stretched out
text: over the front of the cart.
text: As we pan back to Sanka, we see that he has abandoned the
text: steering wheel and is HOLDING WINSTON BY THE ANKLES, enabling
text: him to stretch over the front end. THEY JUST CLIP THE BLACK
text: AND SILVER CART AT THE WIRE.
scene_heading: SANKA RAISES HIS FISTS IN VICTORIOUS SPLENDOR BUT THE CART
text: ISN'T SLOWING DOWN.
text: CLOSE ON: DERICE, CALLING OUT.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: SANKA, WATCH OUT!!!
text: BUT IT'S TOO LATE. THE CART HITS A BANK AND FLIES OFF THE
text: ROAD. EVERYONE'S EYES WATCH THE FLIGHT OF THE CART AS IT GOES
text: UP AND THEN COMES DOWN, LANDING HALFWAY THROUGH THE ROOF OF A
text: SMALL SHANTY HUT.
text: SANKA LOOKS DOWN AND SEES AN OLD MAN EATING.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Sorry, mon.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: No problem.
scene_heading: EXT. MOMMA COFFIE'S BAR ~ NIGHT
text: We hear party sounds as reggae music pours from inside a
text: large bamboo structure covered in Christmas lights.
scene_heading: INT. MOMMA COFFIE'S - SAME
text: We cut to a big banner stretched over the bar that reads
dialog: "Congratulations Sanka...Good Luck Derice!!"
text: As we pan down from the banner, we are in the middle of a
text: ripping, rasta, rum soaked blowout complete with live music
text: and a smokin' dance-floor packed with partiers.
text: We see an attractive woman in her mid twenties. This is JOY
text: BANNOCK, Derice's wife. We can see that Joy is looking for
text: someone as she makes her way through the party.
text: She taps a young man on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Lyndon, you seen Derice?
text: Lyndon shakes his head 'no'. Joy presses on.
text: CLOSE ON: Three deep Rastas with dreads down to the floor
text: doing a trance-like stomp dance. Sanka, now in different
text: clothes but still with his helmet and goggles, is out there
text: with them, matching them step for step.
text: We cut behind the bar to a two hundred pound woman with gold
text: teeth and an infectious smile. This is MOMMA COFFIE, Sanka's
dialog: mother and owner of the establishment. Joseph and Uncle Ferte
text: stand at the bar with her.
speaker_heading: MOMMA COFFIE
dialog: (re: Sanka)
dialog: Look at that crazy boy. All honey-
text: eyed and dancin' like a criminal.
text: Joy has now joined Momma, Joseph and Ferte.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: {above the music)
dialog: Momma Coffie, you seen Derice?
speaker_heading: MOMMA COFFIE
dialog: Sure I seen that husband of yours.
dialog: He went sneakin' out the back a
text: couple of minutes past.
text: Joy looks to the gods. She knows where he is.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGH SCHOOL SCCCER STADIUM - LATE NIGHT
text: We see Derice circling the track in the moonlight.
text: Joy is sitting in the top row of the bleachers, watching.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: {to herself)
dialog: Run, Mr. Bannock, run.
scene_heading: EXT. OLYMPIC STADIUM INFIELD - DAY
text: Kingston Olympic Stadium is jam packed. It is the day of the
text: Olympic trials and they are in full swing. EVENTS ARE
scene_heading: HAPPENING EVERYWHERE
text: CLOSE ON: A huge jet black Adonis with a shaved head. This is
text: YUL BRENNER. He is dressed in all black and wears a #6 on his
text: chest. He also wears a pair of black BATTING GLOVES. Yul
text: claps his hands as he psyches himself into a frenzy.
text: Next to Yul, now down on one knee, his head bowed in silent
text: prayer, is Derice (wearing #8).
text: We hear a voice calling the runners to attention.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: Gentlemen, please, gather round.
text: The voice belongs to BARRINGTON COOLIDGE, an older Jamaican
text: track official in a green blazer. Derice, Yul and the other
text: finalists gather around him.
speaker_heading: COOLIDGE
dialog: First, let me congratulate you on
dialog: winning your heats and reaching the
dialog: hundred meter finals.
text: JUNIOR BEVIL(#7), a sheepish looking twenty year-old ina
text: "PRINCETON UNIVERSITY: warm-up suit, stands next to Derice.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: {sotto}
dialog: You're Derice Bannock, right?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Right,
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: i hope I make the team...It'll bea
dialog: real honor to run with you.
text: Back to Coolidge who is finishing up his speech.
speaker_heading: COOLIDGE
dialog: Remember, only the first four
dialog: finishers will have the honor of
dialog: representing Jamaica in this year's
dialog: summer games in Seoul. Good luck to
dialog: you all.
text: Junior turns to Derice with an outstretched hand.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Good luck.
text: Derice shakes it. Junior now turns to Yul with an out-
text: stretched hand.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR (CONT'D)
dialog: Good luck to you too.
text: Yul takes Junior's hand and places it firmly on Junior's own
dialog: groin.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: Hold onto your luck, college.
dialog: boy...You gonna need it.
scene_heading: EXT. THE STARTING BLOCKS - MINUTES LATER
text: The full field of runners take their ready positions.
text: CLOSE ON: Yul, Junior and Derice (#6, #7 and #8). Their faces
text: are pure concentration as they await the gun.
text: COOLIDGE FIRES HIS STARTER'S PISTOL.
text: The runners are off. Derice and Yul accelerate quickly out of
text: the blocks. Yul takes a slim lead, but Derice digs down and
text: edges ahead of him.
text: Derice and Yul are battling for the lead. Then out of
text: nowhere, Junior surges between them. It's a three way race.
dialog: 10.
text: There's twenty yards to go. Junior is straining as he tries
text: to pass Derice and Yul. He reaches deep down for something
text: extra and his legs go out from under him.
text: THE REST HAPPENS IN SLO-MOTION. Junior's tumbling body goes
text: horizontal and we see both Derice and Yul try desperately to
text: hurdle Junior's flailing limbs. But it's no use. They each
text: get tripped. Derice catches an arm, Yul a leg. THE THREE OF
text: THEM ROLL IN A TUMBLE as the other runners fly past toward
text: the finish line (in fast motion).
scene_heading: EXT. BLEACHERS ~ SAME
text: Joy and Sanka stand, looking on in shock.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Oh, God!
scene_heading: EXT. THE TRACK - SAME
text: CLOSE ON: Derice sprawled on the track. He looks toward the
dialog: finish line.
text: Derice's POV: THE WINNING RUNNER, his fists raised in the
text: air. Someone hands him a Jamaican flag as he and two other
text: runners take their victory lap.
scene_heading: INT. DERICE'’S BEDROOM - THREE DAYS LATER
text: CLOSE ON: AN OLYMPIC GOLD MEDAL laying in a velvet jewelry
dialog: case.
text: Pull back to reveal Derice. (He is sitting in the middle of
text: the bedroom with a big box of his father's memorabilia in
text: front of him. Black & white photos, track trophies, and
text: newspaper clippings are scattered all over the floor.) He
text: delicately removes the medal from the case and holds it as if
text: it were his father's ashes. The pain of his recent dis-
text: appointment dominates his face as he lays the medal gently on
dialog: the floor.
scene_heading: INT. DERICE'S LIVING ROOM - SAME
text: Joy has her ear to the bedroom door. She listens for a beat,
text: then steps back and shakes her head. There's a knock at the
dialog: fzont door.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Who's there?
dialog: lil.
text: Sanka pokes his head in.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Any change?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Nothing...And it goin' on three days
dialog: now...Don't talk, don't sleep, don't
dialog: Gat...I don't know what to do.
text: Sanka comes in holding a big steel pot.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Not a problem, sister. I got a big
dialog: pot of me momma's salt fish and
dialog: banana...When he get a whiff a dat,
dialog: he come runnin' cut and back to
dialog: normal.
text: Sanka lifts the top off the pot and sets it by the bedroom
dialog: door.
scene_heading: INT. BEDROOM ~ SAME
text: Derice is holding a pair of old fashioned track spikes. He
text: looks at them with a bittersweet smile and lays them down
text: next to the medal.
text: Derice now goes digging in the box. He pokes around and comes
text: out with an aged, letter sized envelope.
text: He opens the envelope and inside it is a snapshot.
text: C1lOSE ON: The snapshot. It is a photo of Derice's father with
text: his arm around a white man of the same age. They are on the
text: beach in Jamaica and both of them wear big straw hats and
text: have gold medals around their neck.
text: Derice stares at the picture curiously. He looks back in the
text: envelope and finds a little folded note. Derice unfolds the
text: note and reads it.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM ~ CONT'D
text: Joy and Sanka are in mid-conversation.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I tell you, Sanka...I never thought
dialog: I'd be saying it, but it seem like
dialog: he just givin‘ up.
dialog: 12.
text: The bedroom door opens. Derice comes charging out holding the
dialog: letter.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Listen to this! (He starts reading
dialog: the letter.) Hey, Ben. Just wanted
dialog: to thank you for all your
dialog: hospitality. I'll always regret that
dialog: I couldn't convince you to give
dialog: bobsledding a shot...Believe me, you
dialog: Sprinters are the future of the
dialog: sport...Take care, buddy. Irving
dialog: Smain...P.S. If Ll ever retire, maybe
dialog: Ifll take you up on your offer and
dialog: move down here for good.
text: Derice dashes over and gives Joy a big squeeze and kiss. He
text: turns and flies out the door. Sanka goes to the door and
text: calls after him.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Hey, star, what's a bobsied?!
text: Derice turns to Sanka but continues running down the dirt
dialog: road backward.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: (big smile)
dialog: I don't know, but I'm gonna find
dialog: out.
text: He turns and sprints down the road.
scene_heading: INT. JAMAICAN OLYMPIC HEADQUARTERS, WAITING ROOM - DAY
text: CLOSE ON: A photograph of four bobsledders in a full run
dialog: pushing their sied.
text: Pull back to reveal Derice with a huge smile on his face.
dialog: Barrington Coolidge (the official from the Olympics} comes
text: out of his office,
speaker_heading: COOLIDGE
dialog: You wanted to see me, Derice?
scene_heading: INT. BARRINGTON COOLIDGE'S OFFICE ~ CONT'D
text: Barrington Coolidge now sits behind a large desk. Derice
text: stands in front of him.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Mr. Coolidge, I want to start a
text: Jamaican bobsled team.
speaker_heading: COOLIDGE
dialog: And I want to marry Lena Horne...Too
dialog: bad it ain’t never gonna happen.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Oh, yes it is...I'm gonna make it
dialog: happen,
speaker_heading: COOLIDGE
dialog: Look, Derice, I know you're dis-
dialog: appointed, but believe me, bob-
dialog: sledding is not the answer.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Why not!!!
speaker_heading: COOLIDGE
dialog: ‘Cause we're Jamaicans. We don't
dialog: compete in any winter sports.
dialog: Now, stop talking nonsense and face
dialog: facts...We're runners. We ain't got
text: no business in a bobsled.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: That's not true...Sprinters are the
dialog: future of bobsledding.
speaker_heading: COOLIDGE
dialog: Where'd you hear that?
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Irving Smuin said it.
speaker_heading: COOLIDGE
dialog: (accusingly)
dialog: Oh, no. Don't tell me you been down
dialog: to Chatman Square talkin' to that
dialog: rascal,
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: You mean to tell me Irving Smuin's
dialog: down at Chatman square?
speaker_heading: COOLIBGE
dialog: (covering)
dialog: No, no. I didn't say that.
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: {to himself)
dialog: He really did come back...Thanks,
dialog: Mr. Coolidge...Got to run.
text: Derice goes for the door. Coolidge calls after him.
speaker_heading: COOLIDGE
dialog: Derice...Don't you go looking for
dialog: Irving Smuin.
text: But Derice is gone.
speaker_heading: COOLIDGE (CONT'D)
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: He's not the man you think he is.
scene_heading: INT. POOLHALL ~ DAY
text: A dark, dingy, smoke~filled enterprise full of society's true
text: undesirables. EVERYONE IN THE JOINT IS BLACK EXCEPT FOR ONE
scene_heading: WORN FORTY~FOUR YEAR-OLD WHITE MAN. This is IRVING SMUIN, ex-
text: bobsled great, now bookie. THERE'S A FADED BOBSLEDDING POSTER
text: ON THE WALL.
text: Irv wears a tattered suit and has a five day growth. An un-
text: lit half smoked Tiparillo hangs out of his mouth. When we
text: first see him, he's settling up with a 12 YEAR-OLD GIRL
text: SCOUT. She has a few boxes of cookies with her. The Girl
text: Scout counts off four singles and hands them to Irv.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: {counting as she hands
dialog: the money over)
dialog: One...Two...Three...Four...Don't
dialog: stop, kid. Your uncle owes me five.
speaker_heading: GIRL SCOUT
dialog: I spent the rest on candy.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Look, kid...Let me school you in the
dialog: ways of bookmaking...You see, it
dialog: goes like this...Your uncle loses,
dialog: your uncle pays...Not your uncle
dialog: loses, your uncle pays some, you buy
dialog: candy.
speaker_heading: GIRLS SCOUT
dialog: How ‘bout I give these cookies for
dialog: the rest.
dialog: 
dialog: be
dialog: ou
text: She hands him two boxes of cookies.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Oh, no. You're not pawnin’ that
dialog: peanut butter crap off on me...I
dialog: want the mints.
text: He gives her back the peanut butter. She hands him two boxes
dialog: of mints.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT'D)
dialog: Alright, now run along and keep your
dialog: grades up.
text: Irv goes into a coughing fit. He takes the Tiparillo out of
text: his mouth and takes a nice long pull on an asthma inhaler.
text: He puts the Tiparillo back in his mouth.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Derice and Sanka look on from the other end of the bar.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: (disbelief)
dialog: That guy won a gold medal?
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Two...Come on,
text: Derice and Sanka walk over to Irv who is now deep in the
text: newspaper handicapping horses.
speaker_heading: DERICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Excuse me, are you Irving Smuin?
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: That depends on who's askin’.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: I'm Derice Bannock and I was wonder-
dialog: ing if you'd be interested in coach-
dialog: ing the first Jamaican bobsled team.
text: Irv shoots Derice a look that could kill.
scene_heading: EXT. THE POOLHALL
text: The camera pans next door to a boarded up building. DERICE
text: AND SANKA ARE HANGING FROM TWO NAILS BY THEIR SHIRTS.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 16.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: What you gonna do now, professor?
scene_heading: INT. POOLHALL ~ TEN MINUTES LATER
text: Irv sits at @ table in the back counting crumpled singles.
text: Sut of nowhere, Derice's head pops in through the window next
dialog: to Irv.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Mr. Smuin, you don't understand. I
dialog: have to get to the Olympics...
dialog: Please, just help get me started.
text: Irv gets up and comes to the window. (Derice is all smiles
text: thinking he finally got through.) Irv slams the window shut
text: nearly decapitating Derice and then pulls the shade down.
scene_heading: INT. POOLHALL MEN'S ROOM - 10 MINUTES LATER
dialog: Your classic seedy bathroom. There are three stalls, three
text: urinals and a nasty, old towel roll. Irv comes shuffling in
text: and goes into the middle stall.
text: After a beat Derice's voice is heard in the next stall.
speaker_heading: DERICE (V.0.)
dialog: Mr. Smuin, I hate to bother you
dialog: again, but my whole life is at stake
dialog: and you're the only one who can help
dialog: me.
speaker_heading: IRV (V.0.)
dialog: What are you, nuts?...I'm takin’ a
dialog: dump here!
text: Derice and Sanka's heads rise above the wall of their stalls.
text: They are both looking down on Irv.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Just show me the basics, so I can
dialog: get off on the right foot.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Look, kid, I'm sure you got a
dialog: terrible problem but ‘A’, I don't
dialog: bobsied no more and 'B', I don't
dialog: give a shit. And let me just
dialog: conclude by saying, if you're both
dialog: not out of here by the time I finish
dialog: wiping, your balls are gonna be
text: hanging from my rear~view mirror.
text: Sanka and Derice are out of their stalls and halfway to the
text: door when Derice turns, stops, takes out the envelope and
text: slides it into Irv's stall.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: My father's Benjamin Bannock.
scene_heading: EXT. POOLHALL - MINUTES LATER
text: Sanka stands by the front door ready for a quick exit. Derice
text: is just outside the bathroom door waiting for Irv.
text: Irv comes out of the bathroom holding the envelope. He and
dialog: Derice lock eyes.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: I wrote that letter twenty years
dialog: ago...It doesn't mean a thing.
text: He walks past Derice. Derice follows him.
speaker_heading: : DERICE
dialog: I don't believe you.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Well, then believe this...I don‘t
dialog: care who you are, what you want or
dialog: how many goddamn letters you
dialog: have...As far as I'm concerned, the
dialog: word bobsledding does not exist. I
dialog: don't want to see it. I don't want
dialog: to coach it, and most of all, I
dialog: don't want to talk to you about it.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Then how come you still got that
text: poster on the wall.
text: Irv turns his back and walks away. Derice keeps up the chase.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: DERICE (CONT.}
dialog: (earnestly)
dialog: Coach me...I can get you back to the
dialog: Olympics.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Kid, I could coach you twenty-four
dialog: hours a day and cry real tears and
dialog: you still couldn't make it to the
dialog: Olympics.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: But you thought my father could!
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: You're father was a great athlete.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: So, am I.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Will you stop following me!!!
text: Derice jumps in front of him.
dialog: Derice goes
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: (passionate)
dialog: Twenty years ago an Olympic gold
dialog: medal winner came down here to see
dialog: if he could turn a Jamaican champion
dialog: into a bobsledder and he never got
dialog: the chance to find out.
dialog: after him.
speaker_heading: DERICE (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm giving you the chance. Now take
dialog: it!!
text: Irv's been hit where it hurts. He looks to the poster on the
text: wall. Then looks back at Derice.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Alright, kid...I'll take a look. But
dialog: if you're not everything your father
dialog: was, I'll drop you so fast you'li
dialog: get whiplash.
scene_heading: EXT. JAMAICAN STREETS - DAY
text: Derice and Sanka hang posters recruiting Jamaican athletes
text: for a JAMAICAN BOBSLED TEAM in sports clubs, restaurants,
text: bars, and all over the streets and street vendor's stands.
scene_heading: EXT. WATERFRONT ~— DAY
text: CLOSE ON: A poster on a telephone pole. It reads: "SEE THE
text: WORLD, JOIN THE JAMAICAN BOBSLED TEAM."
text: A crowd has gathered around the poster.
text: CLOSE ON: An OLD MAN IN A CRAZY HAT.
speaker_heading: CRAZY HAT MAN
dialog: You hear this...Jamaican bobsleigh.
text: He weeps with laughter. The whole crowd starts cackling.
text: We pan down the waterfront to THREE DOCKWORKERS. Two of them
text: are POT~BELLIED, WEATHERED, 50 YEAR-OLDS, standing around
text: smoking cigarettes on break. The other is Yul Brenner, the
text: bald sprinter from the trials. Yul is in a full sweat,
text: loading huge sugar sacks onto a freighter. He still wears his
text: black gloves.
text: The two fifty year-olds taunt Yul.
speaker_heading: POT-BELLY #1
dialog: You had it...All your dreams was
dialog: about to come true...Goin' to the
dialog: Olympics, gettin' off the island,
dialog: movin' up in the world.
speaker_heading: POTBELLY #2
dialog: If only that little fancy pants
dialog: hadn't tripped you.
speaker_heading: POTBELLY #1
dialog: (taunting)
dialog: But he did...So you just keep on
dialog: loading that sugar, strong-man,
dialog: "cause you gonna be stuck on these
text: docks for a long, long time.
text: The two share a laugh as Yul grits his teeth and works even
dialog: harder.
dialog: 20.
scene_heading: INT, MEETING HALL ~ LATE AFTERNOON
text: Jammed with HUNDREDS of JAMAICAN ATHLETES fanning themselves.
text: In spite of a ceiling fan, the place is like a sauna; it is
text: hot, hot, hot.
text: In the front of the room are Derice and Irv. (Once again, Irv
text: is the only white person in the room.) A pull-down movie
text: screen behind them.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: This is Irving Smuin, our expert
dialog: coach. He go and explain to you
dialog: about bebsledding.
text: Irving walks over to the podium. He's tired, scruffy, and
text: unamused. The lights go off.
speaker_heading: DERICE (CONT'D)
dialog: {calls out)
dialog: Hit it, Sanka.
text: Sanka turns on an old noisy film projector.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: You're on the air, sled=mon!
text: Old bobsled footage appears on the screen.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Gentlemen, a bobsled is a simple
dialog: thing.
text: A HECKLER calls from the darkness.
speaker_heading: HECKLER
dialog: So's an out—-house!
text: The room cracks .up.
text: The film starts with old black and white footage of old
text: fashioned open sleds.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Basically, what you're lookin’ to do
dialog: is get your rear ends from the top
text: of an icy chute to the bottom of an
text: icy chute.
text: We now see the new high-tech sleds whipping through bank
text: turns at outrageous speeds.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT'D)
dialog: You're zigging, you‘re zagging,
dialog: you're flyin’ through turns so fast
dialog: your stomach's bouncin' up and down
dialog: against your chin...You‘ve heard of
dialog: a slow boat to China?...Well, this
dialog: is a fast frozen boat to hell!
text: The film now segues into a montage of brutal crashes. Sanka
text: has his hands over his eyes; he can barely watch.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT‘D)
dialog: (pure sarcasm)
dialog: Now, the one minor drawback to this
dialog: delightful winter sport is the high
dialog: speed crash. Always remember, bones
dialog: do not break in a bobsled...They
dialog: shatter!
text: The film ends with a huge crash...The lights go on.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT'D)
dialog: So, who wants in?
text: Of the hundreds of athletes, only one remains in the room. It
dialog: is Yul Brenner.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT'D)
dialog: Don't panic...We got room for
dialog: everyone.
text: We hear a hiccup in the back. It's Junior Bevil (dressed like
text: a Brooks Brothers mannequin); he gives a little wave.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: It's him!!
text: Yul charges after Junior. Junior jumps up and starts running.
text: Yul chases him around the entire room.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: Your ass mine, rich boy!!
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Team unity, I love it.
text: Yul finally gets a hold of Junior and is about to beat him
text: senseless when Derice and Sanka jump on Yul‘s back.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: E'll kill him. I swear, I‘il kill
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: You kill him and you ain't goin’ to
dialog: the Olympics.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: I ain't ridin' in the same bobsleigh
dialog: as that tit-mouse.
text: They finally pull yul off.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Hey, he tripped me too. I hate him
dialog: just as much as you...But there
dialog: ain't nobody else here.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: Forget it, mon...I'm gone.
text: Yul starts to walk out.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Cool...I'll send you a postcard from
dialog: canada.
text: But Yul keeps going.
speaker_heading: DERICE (CONT.)
text: With a gold medal around my neck.
text: Yul stops. He turns.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: (re: Junior)
dialog: Alright...dust tell that little
dialog: blood-clot he better stay clear the
dialog: nell away from me.
text: Derice turns to Irv.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Well?
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Good work...But in case you haven't
dialog: heard...There's no such thing as a
text: three man bobsled team.
text: CLOSE ON: Derice. He slowly turns his head to Sanka.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: What you lookin' at me for?
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Come on, ras, you can do it.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: No, I can't..,Bobsledding a winter
dialog: sport.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: So?
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: So, I ain't into all that igloos and
text: Eskimos and penguins and shit.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: But you have to.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: (appealing to his ego)
dialog: Your speed...When you get behind
dialog: that push-cart, you're fast as a mad
dialog: devil.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Sorry, rasta...It cut too heavy into
dialog: my leisure time.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: You sayin’ you don't want your face
dialog: in all the papers?
speaker_heading: SANKA
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Don't wanna have your pictures on a
dialog: ‘Wheaties’ box?
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: That's right.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: You gonna stand there and tell me
dialog: that you don't want to be famous?
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: I already am famous. I AM SANKA
speaker_heading: COFFIE!
dialog: 24.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: I can't believe this.
text: Derice turns and walks away. Sanka looks up to the heavens.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Please, God, don’t let him ask mé to
dialog: do it ‘cause I'm his best friend.
text: Derice turns back.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: You know, you could at least do it
dialog: ‘cause you're my best friend.
text: Sanka just shakes his head...Derice has got him.
scene_heading: EXT. A CITY STREET - DAY
text: Sanka and Derice ride down the street in Sanka‘s beat up
dialog: Volks.
speaker_heading: IRV (V.0.)
dialog: Okay...The Clympics are in three
dialog: months...
text: Yul jumps off the back of a beat up pick-up truck and waves
text: to the driver.
speaker_heading: IRV (V.O.) (CONT'D)
dialog: Considering the fact that we don‘t
dialog: have any SNOW!!!...
text: Junior pulls up to the practice site in his Saab convertible.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT'D) (V.0.)
dialog: ...I'd say, what you're looking for
dialog: here is your basic miracle.
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH ~ DAY
text: The four boys are lined up in the sand. In the background we
dialog: see the crystal blue waters of the Caribbean.
text: Irv stands before them.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Any questions?
dialog: Nope.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT'D)
dialog: Then let the games begin.
scene_heading: (BOB MARLEY'S UP-TEMPO VERSION OF ‘BUFFALO SOLDIER’ SENDS US
scene_heading: INTO OUR TRAINING MONTAGE.)
scene_heading: EXT. BEACH -— CONT'D
text: The JAMS run in the sand, THEY ARE WEIGHTED DOWN WITH GIANT
text: BUNCHES OF BANANAS.
speaker_heading: TRV (V.0.}
dialog: Keep those legs pumpin'...A
dialog: bobsledder's got to be able to run
text: while he's pushing a six hundred
text: pound sled.
text: YUL HOLDS THE HUGE BUNCH WITH ONE ARM and with the other arm
text: he throws bananas at Junior's feet. Junior is forced to do a
text: version of the 'Mexican Hat Dance' as he runs.
text: Derice jogs along at half speed yelling encouragement to
text: Sanka who CAN BARLEY KEEP STANDING, MUCH LESS RUN.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET DAY
text: Irv, Yul, Junior, and Derice stand next to an old style ‘Good
text: Humor’ ice cream truck. Irv eats a popsicle.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Cold weather endurance is vital in
text: building a successful sled team.
text: Irv checks his watch and gestures to the vendor. The vendor
text: opens the truck's back door.
text: Slowly, out of the truck comes Sanka's head. His dreads are
text: covered in frost. He does not look happy.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT'D)
dialog: Alright, Junior, you're next.
text: A COACH'S WHISTLE IS HEARD.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BEACH - DAY
text: THE JAMS NOW GO PAST THE CAMERA PUSHING AN OLD ROW BOAT. IRV
text: IS IN THE ROW BOAT WEARING A SKIPPER'S CAP.
dialog: Close on: Irv.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Remember, control's the thing...You
dialog: gotta run fast enough to he fast,
dialog: but not so fast that you can't get
text: in the sled.
text: THE WHISTLE IS HEARD AGAIN. THIS TIME THE JAMS ARE PUSHING AN
scene_heading: EMPTY ROW BOAT (TWO ON EACH SIDE).
speaker_heading: IRV (V.0.)
dialog: Now!
text: THEY ALL TRY TO JUMP IN AT ONCE AND THE BOAT COMES TO A
text: COMPLETE STOP AS THEY STRUGGLE TO CLIMB IN.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: (to Sanka)
dialog: Yo, slinky-head, you're crowding me.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: You mean that's your gorilla breath
dialog: Iim smellin'?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: {laughing)
dialog: Gorilla breath...That's a good one.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: You better shut up...If it wasn't
dialog: for your rich little ass, I be on my
dialog: way to the goddamn Olympics.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I don't mean to be contrary, but
dialog: there's a small chance I might of
dialog: passed you.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: What you sayin'...you would of won
dialog: that race?...Come with it...I‘1l
dialog: race. you right now!
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: I don't know what you all arguing
dialog: about... Derice was gonna beat both
dialog: your asses anyway.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: Oh, yeah? How ‘bout I beat your
dialog: ass?
dialog: 
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: How ‘bout I draw a line down the
dialog: middle of your head so it looks like
dialog: an ass?
text: Irv stands on the beach watching the four guys argue.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Gentlemen, you force me to resort to
dialog: drastic measures.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY PASTURE DAY
text: The four boys are in the middle of the pasture TIED TOGETHER
text: AT THE ANKLE with ten feet of slack between each of them.
text: Irv is perched on the fence that surrounds the pasture. He
text: has a piece of wheat in his mouth.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Let me tell you a little something
dialog: about teamwork...It's a pain in the
dialog: bubkus...But without it, you're just
text: four dumb shmucks in a fancy
dialog: toboggan. So remember...Stay
dialog: together.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: You hear that, fellas? Stay
dialog: together.
text: They stand there.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: This don’t seem so hard.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Let her go, Henry!
text: Just then the team hears a loud angry snort. They turn around
text: to see with terror, HENRY, the farmer, shooing a savage bull
text: into the pasture.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT'D)
dialog: WEEHAW! 1!
text: The bull charges toward them. They scatter in all directions.
text: The rope pulls tight and they fall on their faces.
text: They keep trying to get up, and they keeping falling right
text: back down.
dialog: 
dialog: 28.
text: CLOSE ON: The bull, charging like an express train.
text: CLOSE ON: The four boys are finally running. Sanka is so
text: scared, HE'S RUNNING FASTER THAN ALL OF THEM.
text: This raises Irv's eyebrows.
scene_heading: INT. THE BEVIL FAMILY GARAGE - NIGHT
text: A large spotless three car garage. Next to a brand new
text: Mercedes, JUNIOR POLISHES HIS SAAB METICULOUSLY.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Alright, father, listen here.
dialog: There's something I need to
dialog: say...I've made up my mind...I'm
dialog: going be a bobsledder and there's
dialog: absolutely nothing in this world you
dialog: can do to stop me.
text: The camera pulls back to reveal that Junior is talking to
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR (CONT.}
dialog: Oh, really? Well, I'm sorry you
dialog: feel that way...Fine, cut off my
dialog: allowance. A man's got to do what a
dialog: man's got to do!!
text: Junior's pleased with himself. He's got a big smile on his
text: face when another Mercedes pulls in. Whitby Bevil Sr. gets
text: out. He is a fifty year-old version of Junior in a three-
dialog: piece suit.
speaker_heading: BEVIL
dialog: Just who I wanted to see.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (nervous)
dialog: Me?
text: Junior stops polishing.
speaker_heading: BEVIL
dialog: You know where I just came from?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Where?
speaker_heading: BEVIL
dialog: Desmond Nixon's office...You know
dialog: what I just did?
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BEVIL
dialog: I got you a job with Webster,
dialog: Webster and Cohen.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Webster, Webster and Cohen?
speaker_heading: BEVIL
dialog: They're one of the biggest brokers
dialog: in Miami...You start at the end of
dialog: the month.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Um, dad.
speaker_heading: BEVIL
dialog: I let you take your shot at that
dialog: Olympic track nonsense...Now you're
dialog: gonna get on with your real
dialog: future...Right?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (bumming)
dialog: Right.
text: Bevil notices a spot on the car.
speaker_heading: BEVIL
dialog: (pointing)
dialog: You missed a spot.
text: Bevil exits whistling a cheery tune. Junior looks paralyzed.
scene_heading: EXT. THE OPEN FIELD ~ DAY
text: Irv stands by the sled (Sanka's converted push-cart), the
text: boys in front of him.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Gentleman, this is a bobsled, sort
dialog: of.
text: The boys lock curicusly at the converted cart.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT‘D)
dialog: Now, here's how it's gonna work.
dialog: Yul, you're gonna be the second
dialog: middleman.
dialog: 30.
dialog: Irv positions Yul where he wants him.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT'D)
dialog: You're strong, you're fast and you
dialog: dislike Junicr.
text: Irv gives Yul a little wink. Irv goes to Junior.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT'D)
dialog: Junior, you're gonna be the first
dialog: middle~man.
text: Irv positions Junior right in front of Yul.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT'D)
dialog: You're quick, you're sharp, and
dialog: you're scared shitless of Yul.
text: Irv gives Junior a little wink.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT'D)
dialog: Sanka, I'm making you the...
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: I know, I'm the driver.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: (continuing his
dialog: sentence)
dialog: The brake-man.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: The brake-man...I'm the driver!
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: No, you're not...You're the brake-
dialog: man. The brake~man's your fastest
dialog: runner...I saw you smoke these guys
dialog: runnin’ from that bull.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: But, coach, I have to drive for the
dialog: simple fact that I am Sanka Coffie,
dialog: the greatest push-cart driver in all
dialog: Jamaica...You dig where I'm coming
dialog: from?
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Oh, I dig where you're coming from.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Beautiful!
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Now, dig where I'm coming from. I'm
dialog: coming from two gold medals. I'm
dialog: coming from nine world records in
text: both the two and four men events.
dialog: I'm coming from twenty years of
dialog: intense competition against the best
dialog: athletes in the world!
text: Derice smiles. This is the Irv he was looking for.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: That's a hell of a place to be
dialog: coming from.
text: Irv delivers the next speech face to face with Derice (Even
text: though he's talking to Sanka).
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: You see, Sanka, the driver has to
dialog: work harder than anyone...He's the
dialog: first to show up and the last to
text: leave. When his teammates are out
text: drinking beers, he's up in his room
dialog: studying pictures of the turns...And
dialog: not only is he responsible for
dialog: knowing every inch of every course
dialog: he races, he's also responsible for
dialog: the lives of the other three people
dialog: in the sled. Do you want that
dialog: responsibility?
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: I say we make Derice the driver.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: So do I, Sanka...So do I.
text: CLOSE ON: Derice. His smile is gone. He takes a nice deep
dialog: breath.
scene_heading: INT. DERICE AND JOY'S BEDROOM - LATE NIGHT
text: Joy is in bed sleeping. She rolls over and notices Derice is
text: missing. She sits up and sees him staring out the window.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: (still looking out the
dialog: window)
dialog: Yeah...I'm just about to come to
dialog: bed.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Don't worry, baby...Everything's
dialog: gonna work out fine.
text: Joy looks at him as he just keeps staring out the window.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF THE HILL ~ CONT'D
text: The sled has been laid out on a big, blue, plastic pool
text: cover. This serves as the track. It is slicked down with
text: water. The boys man the sled in their start positions.
text: CLOSE ON: Derice'’s eyes. They are all business. We pan back
text: to Sanka, then Junior, then yul. Their faces are full of
text: different degrees of apprehension.
speaker_heading: IRV (V.0.)
dialog: Winning a bobsled race is about one
dialog: thing...The push start! A respect-
dialog: able start time is 5.7...If you
dialog: speedsters can't get your time down
dialog: to a solid six flat, you gota
dialog: better chance at becoming a barber
dialog: shop quartet.
scene_heading: EXT. BOTTOM OF THE HILL
text: Irv stands with his stop-watch.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: When I yell, "Go!" Start pushing.
dialog: When I yell, "Jump!" Jump
dialog: in...Ready, set, GO!
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF THE HILL - SAME
text: Just as the boys start pushing for all they're worth, Sanka
text: spots TWO GIRLS walking along the road.
text: He calls to them as he runs.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Hey ladies, watch the Grand Poobah
dialog: of the pushcart become the Red Baron
dialog: of the Bobsled.
dialog: 33.
text: The sled slides well on the wet plastic, but unfortunately,
dialog: so do the boys.
text: They get about twenty yards when Irv yelis.
speaker_heading: IRV(V.0.)
speaker_heading: JUMP !
text: But instead of getting in one at a time, they all try to jump
text: in at once. It's total chaos. The four of them finally fight
text: their way into the cart with Sanka diving in head first at
text: the last second.
text: Arms and legs are everywhere. Junior is in Yul's lap. Sanka's
text: legs stick straight up in the air. The cart slides to a slow
dialog: stop. -
text: The two girls crack up.
text: Irv comes over.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: What was our start time, coach, 5.6
dialog: 5.7?
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: dL.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: No problem, sled-brothers, we'll do
dialog: better tomorrow.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Tomorrow?...We're gonna get it under
dialog: seven flat today!
text: The boys all roll their eyes.
scene_heading: INT. MOMMA COFFIE'S - MORNING
text: CLOSE ON: Two eggs fryin' in a pan with bananas.
text: Pull back to reveal Momma Coffie standin‘ over the pan
text: singin' a gospel song to herself.
scene_heading: INT. SANKA‘S BEDROOM - SAME
text: Sanka is asleep with a big smile on his face. He holds his
dialog: pillow like a lover.
dialog: 34,
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: (talking in his sleep to
dialog: the pillow)
dialog: Please, everybody...No autographs
dialog: now...I need my beauty rest.
text: Out of nowhere, we hear the powerful voice of Momma Coffie.
speaker_heading: MOMMA COFFIE (V.0.)
dialog: SANKA!I!!
text: Sanka nearly hits the ceiling.
scene_heading: EXT, TRAINING HILL - DAY
text: The boys sit under a tree waiting. There are a bunch of
text: little kids standing off to the side watching them and
text: giggling.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: See, this is why I don't like to
dialog: play no team shit...You always
dialog: havin' to be countin' on someone
dialog: else.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Don't worry, he'll be here,
text: Irv approaches them.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Alright...That's it. The party's
dialog: over. I been trainin' you bums for
dialog: two weeks now and in that entire
dialog: time, you haven't been able to 'A',
dialog: stop fighting with each other and
dialog: ‘B', get your start time under 9.3,
dialog: which, considering how fast you guys
dialog: are, is an embarrassment...And now,
dialog: when. you geally need to suck it up,
dialog: one of your teammates pulls a no
dialog: show...Fellas, I'm through wastin'
dialog: my time with a bunch of goddamn
dialog: children.
text: Irv starts to walk away.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: But, coach...You can't leave now.
dialog: We're just startin’ to get the hang
dialog: of it.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Get the hang of it?...I seen better
dialog: efforts from four Flamenco dancers
text: and a wheelbarrow.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Please, coach!
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: (over his shoulder)
dialog: Bye, bye, Derice.
speaker_heading: DERICE
text: Five more minutes.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: No more minutes...Get it through
dialog: your head, kid...You came, you saw,
dialog: you sucked!
text: Just then we hear a car horn honking. It's Sanka in his
text: Volkswagen. He drives right up the hill and jumps out.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Let's boogie, sleigh-rastas!
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: Where you been, fool?
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Take it easy, shine head.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: Irv quit.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Why?!
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (to Sanka}
dialog: ‘Cause we sucked, that's why.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Don't say that...We're good...In
dialog: fact, we're gonna show him just how
dialog: good we are...Come on?
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF THE HILL
text: The boys are ready to push off. They start to rock the cart.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: 4,3,2,1...
text: They push off for everything their worth.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HILL
text: The camera bounces along following the cart. The cart is
text: really moving. IT FLIES BY IRV WHO CLICKS HIS STOP=WATCH.
text: The sled keeps picking up speed as it jumps the plastic tarp
text: and continues down the hill.
text: CLOSE ON: A banana cart. The BANANA MAN sees the sled coming
dialog: right for him.
text: CUT BACK to the sled. The boys scream as the imminent impact
text: nears.
text: The Banana man moves his cart in the nick of time. But behind
text: the banana cart is a police car with two policemen eating
text: lunch. Food goes everywhere as the sled CRASHES into the
text: police car. The boys spill out and lay there motionless.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Sanka, you dead?
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Yah, mon.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Me too.
scene_heading: EXT. THE DENTED COP CAR
text: Sanka, Yul, Junior, and Derice stand against the cop car with
text: their hands behind their backs and their legs apart. A small
text: crowd has now gathered around.
speaker_heading: COP#1
dialog: You all under arrest for reckless
dialog: driving...Now, who belong to this
dialog: thing?
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: We do, sah.
dialog: cop#i
dialog: Who you?
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: The Jamaican Bobsled team, sah.
text: The small crowd starts to laugh.
speaker_heading: COP #2
dialog: Don't give me that business. I
dialog: wasn't born yesterday.
text: The crowd laughs even harder.
text: Then out of nowhere we hear Irv's voice calling.
speaker_heading: IRV (V.0.)
dialog: 5.91! 5.918!
text: Irv breaks through the small crowd and shoves the stopwatch
text: in Derice's face,
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: 5.9...That's a world class start-
dialog: time. You did it! You did it!!
text: Policeman #2 grabs Irv and spins him around.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN #2
dialog: And who the hell do you think you
dialog: are?
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: I'm their coach!!
text: Derice stares at Irv and smiles. This is just what he's been
text: waiting to hear.
scene_heading: INT. COOLIDGE'S OFFICE - DAY
text: Coolidge sits behind his desk. Irv stands before him.
speaker_heading: COOLIDGE
dialog: Forget it, Smuin...Jamaica has never
dialog: had a winter sports program and
dialog: we're not about to start one now.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: I'm not asking for a winter sports
dialog: program...I just need a lousy
dialog: twenty-five grand so I can get us tao
dialog: the Olympics.
dialog: Beat.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: COCLIDGE
dialog: Olympics?.,.How are you going to get
dialog: to the Olympics? These boys have
dialog: never even been in a sied race.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: And Dwight D. Eisenhower never
dialog: Played the saxopnone...What’s that
dialog: got to do with it?
speaker_heading: COOLIDGE
dialog: You know, I knew you were a bit
dialog: unusval,..But I had no idea you were
text: headed for the bughouse,.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Hey, Coolidge...hear me out, will
dialog: ya? In an Olympic year, the bobsied
dialog: federation holds an event they call
dialog: the quaiifiers...You finish the
dialog: course under a given time and to the
dialog: Satisfaction of the judges, you earn
dialog: the right to compete in the
dialog: Olympics.
speaker_heading: COOLIDGE
dialog: You méan, you're willing to put your
dialog: fate in the hands of the federation?
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: You got a problem with that?
speaker_heading: COOLIDGE
dialog: Have you forgotten what happened to
dialog: you in Saporro?
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Give me 4 break, Coolidge...That was
dialog: twenty years ago.
speaker_heading: COOLIDGE
dialog: Mr. Smuin, Jamaica has a proud
dialog: athletic tradition...If you think
dialog: I'm going to give you money so that
dialog: you can parade our athletes in front
dialog: of the world like some kind of freak
dialog: show, then you got another thing
dialog: coming.
dialog: 
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY OUTSIDE COOLIDGE'S OFFICE
text: Derice sits on a bench waiting as Irv emerges from Coolidge's
dialog: office.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: (standing up)
dialog: How'd it go?
text: Irv stops and puts his arm around Derice.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Do the words ‘give up‘ mean anything
dialog: to you?
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Not a thing?
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET - DAY
text: Sanka stands on the corner with his guitar, his case open in
text: front of him. A sign on the case reads ‘SUPPORT THE JAMAICAN
text: BOBSLED TEAM.' There are a few small coins in the case.
text: Sanka is singing the Jamaican bobsled song, but nobody even
text: stops to listen.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: We no like snow but still we go/ We
dialog: no like ice but that's the price/ We
dialog: hob and bob do what we're told/ Four
dialog: rastamen tryin' to win the gold.
text: An instrumental version of the song continues over the
dialog: following.
scene_heading: EXT. ANOTHER STREET CORNER - DAY
text: Yul is looking very unhappy in a white apron and baker's hat
text: as he stands behind a table full of cakes and cookies. The
text: sign above him reads 'JAMAICAN BOBSLED BAKE SALE.' An OLD
text: WOMAN stops to look at the cookies. Yul glowers at her and
text: she quickly moves on.
dialog: 40.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET
text: CLOSE ON: A sign reading, 'KISSES $1.' The camera pans down
text: from the sign; Sanka has set up a kissing booth. There are
text: four women in line: Two young, three hundred pounders, and
text: two octogenarians with supportive shoes.
scene_heading: EXT. OFFICE BUILDING - DAY
text: Derice, in a poor looking suit, goes inside as we hear in
text: voice over.
speaker_heading: DERICE (V.0.)
dialog: Gentlemen, I present you with the
dialog: opportunity of a lifetime.
text: CLOSE ON: Derice standing in an office.
speaker_heading: DERICE (CONT'D)
dialog: We're looking for a sponsor for the
text: new Jamaican bobsled team.
text: CLOSE ON: A series of different EXECUTIVES. They all stare
text: directly into the camera.
speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE #1
dialog: That's the most ridiculous...
speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE #2
dialog: Hilarious...
speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE #3
dialog: Ludicrous...
speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE #4
dialog: Preposterous....
speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE #5
dialog: Ill-conceived idea I ever heard in
dialog: my life.
speaker_heading: EXECUTIVE #6
dialog: (into a speaker box)
dialog: Security!
scene_heading: EXT. FRONT OF A BIG KINGSTON OFFICE BUILDING ~ MINUTE LATER
text: We see Derice with two uniformed security guards. The guards
text: dig into their pockets and give Derice their change. Derice
text: waves as he walks away.
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: e EXT. UNCLE FERTE'S STAND - CONT'D
text: CLOSE ON: A cookie jar. Pull back to reveal Uncle Ferte
text: handing the jar to Derice.
speaker_heading: UNCLE FERTE
dialog: There it is...The whole Kit and
dialog: Kaboodle...One hundred and eighty-
dialog: four dollars and thirty-three
dialog: cents...My life's savings.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Don't worry, Uncle Ferte...I won't
dialog: let you down.
scene_heading: EXT. CITY STREET ~ DAY
text: Sanka wraps up his song.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Now you might say it a foolish
dialog: dream/ But we da Jamaican bobsled
dialog: team/ We put pep in your step, a
dialog: smile on your face/ And you throw
dialog: e@ your money in my guitar case.
text: A DRUNK sleeping it off stirs awake. He staggers to his feet
text: and goes over to Sanka.
speaker_heading: DRUNK
dialog: I'il give you a buck to shut up.
scene_heading: INT. SANKA'S GARAGE - NIGHT
text: Irv, Sanka, and Yul (still in the hat and apron) stand over
text: Derice's shoulder as he counts up ail the money.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: {as he adds it up)
dialog: Okay, we got my $74.00, $58.53 from
dialog: Momma Coffie, $184.33 from Uncle
dialog: Ferte, $9.52 from Yul's cookies, and
dialog: a whopping $1.16 from the new Bob
dialog: Marley.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: What's the total?
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Two hundred and fifty-five dollars
dialog: and sixty-one cents.
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: What that mean?
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: It means we're short about twenty-
dialog: four thousand seven hundred and
dialog: forty-five bucks.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: {to himself)
dialog: I ain't never gonna get off this
dialog: goddamn Island.
text: Derice is devastated.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Serry, Derice...Looks like this is
text: the end of the line.
text: Junior comes into the garage carrying a small suitcase.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: You can unpack your suitcase,
dialog: Junior...We ain't going,
text: But Junior just walks over, puts the suitcase on the table
text: and opens it. IT'S FULL OF MONEY!
speaker_heading: SANKA
text: I'm feeling pain in my chest.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Jesus Christ...How much is it?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: About twenty~six thousand?
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Where'd you get it?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I sold my car.
speaker_heading: SANKA
text: Alright... (He starts to boogie as
dialog: he sings) We goin' to the Olympics!
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: No, we're not...We can't take this
dialog: money...It isn't right.
dialog: 43.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Hey, Derice, if I hadn't tripped you
dialog: guys, you'd already be going to the
dialog: Olympics...Please...I want you to
dialog: have it.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: You mean, you want us to have it,
dialog: right?
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Right.
dialog: Yul looks to Derice, maybe he was wrong about this kid.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Get on, Mr. Bevil...Your father must
dialog: be cool. He let you sell that car.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Oh, he doesn't know I sold the
dialog: car...In fact, he doesn't even know
dialog: I'm on the team...He thinks I'm off
dialog: to Miami to work for Webster, Web-
dialog: ster and Cohen.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Oh, God.
scene_heading: EXT. MONTEGO BAY AIRPORT, THE TARMAC - DAY
text: The boys walk up the steps to board the plane waving to their
text: few scattered loved ones. (The Bevils aren't there.)
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY, JAMAICA - DAY
text: A big Air Jamaica plane comes barreling down the runway and
text: starts to rise.
scene_heading: EXT. RUNWAY, CALGARY - DAY
text: The big bird touches down.
scene_heading: INT. SHUTTLE BUS - DAY
text: The bus is filled. Some peopie are tourists, some are
text: natives, but except for the Jamaicans, ALL OF THEM ARE WHITE.
dialog: 
dialog: 44.
text: The Jamaicans are visibly uncomfortable with the cold
text: weather. They wear nine layers of brightly colored print,
dialog: tropical Jamaican clothing. (Except for Junior whe is ina
dialog: fancy Parka.)
text: Sanka exhales in the cold air.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Sanka, mon...What the hell you
dialog: smokin’?
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: I ain't smokin’. I'm breathing!
text: Everybody on the bus is staring at our boys. When we cut
text: back, all four of them are exhaling their asses off, amazed
text: that they can see their breath. Sanka makes smoke rings and
text: pokes his finger through them.
scene_heading: EXT, OPEN ROAD - DAY
text: The bus rambles down an open highway. There are giant
text: snowfields on either side.
text: CLOSE ON: All four faces pressed against the bus window
text: looking out.
speaker_heading: THE GUYS (V.0.)
dialog: Stop the bus!!
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE OF THE ROAD
text: The bus has pulled over. The doors open and the four boys
text: come bounding out of the bus.
speaker_heading: THE BOYS
dialog: SNOW!!!
text: They run toward the untouched snow.
scene_heading: EXT. SNOWFIELD ~ DAY
text: Derice screams like a cowboy and charges into the untouched
text: snow. Yul follows with a smile, then Junior. This leaves
text: Sanka, who tiptoes into it looking terrified.
text: {RR reggae ‘WALKING IN A WINTER WONDERLAND’ is heard over the
text: following SNOW MONTAGE.)
text: DERICE LIES IN THE SNOW MAKING ‘SNOW ANGELS. *
dialog: 
dialog: 45.
text: YUL PACKS A PERFECT SNOW BALL.
text: JUNIOR RUNS AROUND BEING BOMBARDED BY SNOWBALLS.
text: SANKA REACHES OUT WITH A BARE HAND AND TOUCHES THE SNOW AS IF
text: HE WERE DEFUSING A BOMB.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: A BUS FULL OF ONLOOKERS WATCHING A FREAK SHOW OUT THE WINDOW.
dialog: cut To:
text: DERICE, YUL, AND JUNIOR SPLASH AROUND IN THE SNOW
scene_heading: EUPHORICALLY.
text: SANKA TAKES A TINY BIT OF SNOW AND TOUCHES IT TO HIS CHEEK.
text: THEN HE TASTES IT.
text: DERICE AND YUL HAVE SANKA BY THE ARMS AND LEGS AND ARE
text: SWINGING HIM AS SANKA SCREAMS. THEY THROW HIM IN THE SNOW.
text: CLOSE ON: THREE DARK HOLES AND ONE BIG YELLOW 'S' BEING
text: WRITTEN IN THE SNOW.
text: THEN FROM BEHIND, WE SEE OUR BOYS ALL TAKING LEAKS. SANKA IS
text: OFF TO THE RIGHT GYRATING HIS HIPS WILDLY AS HE WRITES HIS
speaker_heading: NAME .
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Same thing happen to you as me?
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DERICE
text: Me bamboo shriveling up like a
dialog: prune.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I can't even find mine.
speaker_heading: YUL
text: Mine done shrunk in half.
text: Junior sneaks a peak at Yul's.
speaker_heading: SUNIOR
dialog: (crestfallen)
dialog: That's half?
dialog: 46.
scene_heading: EXT. SIDE OF THE ROAD
text: As the bus pulls away, the camera pans from the road to the
text: snowfield.
text: CLOSE ON: A giant snowman. He has a rasta hat, sunglasses
text: and a giant snow-splif in his mouth.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY - DAY
text: The small hotel lobby is bustling, everybody staring at the
text: Jamaicans who are tired, freezing and looking like bums. Irv
text: deals with the hotel desk CLERK.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Me and my boys have two rooms booked
dialog: under the name of Smuin.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: I'm sorry, sir, but we do not allow
dialog: the entertainment to stay at the
dialog: hotel.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: These guys aren't the Temptations.
dialog: They'ré the Jamaican bobsled team.
text: The guys wave, between shivers. The hotel clerk shakes his
dialog: head.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM
text: A tiny hotel room with two bunk beds. The boys can't take a
text: step without getting in each other's way. (They twist, turn
text: and sidestep caught up in a farcical human traffic jam.)
text: Yul, in some worn-out old flannel pajamas, unpacks two pair
text: of underwear, fights his way through Junior and Sanka (who is
text: trying to get to the bathroom) and puts them in a drawer.
text: Junior, in silk pajamas and slippers, meticulously removes a
text: new pair of colored "CALVIN KLEIN UNDERWEAR' from the box,
text: folds them, then has to avoid bodies to get to his drawer. On
text: the bed, there are twenty more new boxes.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: Damn, boy...How many asses you got?
text: Sanka‘s screaming voice is heard from the bathroom.
speaker_heading: SANKA (V.0.}
dialog: Hey, fellas, come check this out!!!
dialog: 47.
text: The boys look at each other, then rush into the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM ~ SAME
text: CLOSE ON: Yul, Junior, and Derice's curious faces.
text: They are looking at Sanka (he wears a night dress and pom pom
text: hat), who has turned the BIDET on 'high' and is drinking from
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: SANKA (CONT'D)
dialog: {excited)
dialog: We got our own water fountain!
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: That's no water fountain.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: (looking up)
dialog: What is it?
scene_heading: INT, THE EMPTY BEDROOM
text: Sanka comes running out of the bathroom screaming!
scene_heading: EXT. CALGARY
text: The sun shines on the glorious city of Calgary. Workers are
text: putting up banners and signs, preparing the city for the
dialog: upcoming Olympics.
scene_heading: INT. OLYMPIC HEADQUARTERS — DAY
text: Irv walks the halls looking for the right door. As people
text: walk by him, they whisper, as if they might possibly know
dialog: him.
text: Irv finally finds his door. The lettering on it reads: ‘TEAM
text: REGISTRATION.' Irv takes a deep breath and goes in the door.
scene_heading: INT. REGISTRATION OFFICE ~ CONT'D
text: Irv walks up to the front desk. Behind it sits a PLEASANT
scene_heading: CANADIAN OFFICIAL.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Can I help you?
dialog: Uh...No.
text: Irv turns, takes a step, and then turns back around again.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT.)
dialog: Yeah...You can help me...I'm here to
dialog: register the...Jamaican bobsled
dialog: team,
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: You're name?
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Irving Smuin.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Welcome to Calgary, Mr Smuin.
text: The official sifts through a pile of folders. He pulls one
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL (CONT.)
dialog: (curt)
dialog: Now, here's all your information.
dialog: Your final run is gonna be on the
dialog: afternoon of the tenth...Keep in
dialog: mind, to qualify, you must finish
text: the course safely in one minute flat
dialog: or under.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Don't worry...I know the routine.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Your judges are Shindler, Kroy~
dialog: ezheck and Gremmer. They're three of
dialog: our best.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: I know,
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: Is there anything else, Mr. Smuin?
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: No, I think you've pretty much said
dialog: it all.
text: Irv turns and heads for the door but just as he’s about to
text: exit, three men enter.
dialog: 48.
dialog: 49.
text: The first is KURT HEMPHILL (around 65), Irv’s old coach and
dialog: now @ World Bobsled Federation official. The other two are
text: ROGER and LARRY, two members of the current American coaching
text: Staff and ex-members of Irv's 1972 four-man team.
text: They are stopped in their tracks by who they see before them.
text: Nobody knows what to say. Finally, Irv breaks the ice.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: (offers his hand)
dialog: Roger, Larry...It's been awhile.
text: They shake Irv's hand, Larry a bit reluctantly.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT'D)
dialog: (offers his hand to
dialog: Kurt)
dialog: Good to see you, Kurt.
text: Kurt walks by without acknowledging Irv.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT'D)
dialog: (ribbing)
dialog: Don't tell me you've forgotten all
dialog: we had.
text: Kurt whips around,
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Larry, tell this gentleman that as
dialog: far as I'm concerned, Irving Smuin
dialog: died at the 1972 Olympics and that
dialog: whoever he is, he better play it
dialog: real careful ‘cause the federation
text: is watching his ass like a hawk and
dialog: that goes double for that bunch of
dialog: third world circus performers he
dialog: brought with him.
text: Kurt turns and exits.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Jesus, Irv...What the hell you been
dialog: doin' with yourself?...We been
dialog: hearin* all kinds of crazy rumors.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: They're all true...Especially the
dialog: one about the midget and the Gypsy
dialog: fortune teller.
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Stili with the jokes, huh, Smuin?
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: That's right, Larry, still with the
dialog: jokes.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Roger...Come on!
text: Larry starts walking. Roger stands there a second with a
text: pained expression but there's nothing he can do.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: (whisper to Roger)
dialog: I need to talk to you.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: (sotto, fast)
dialog: IT can't.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Meet me at the bar on the corner in
text: half an hour.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Half an hour?
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: It can't wait.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: (from down the hall
dialog: Roger...Let's go}
text: Roger takes off after Larry.
scene_heading: EXT. HAPPY HANSEL'S SPORTS SHOP ~ DAY
text: The four boys in THEIR TROPICAL LAYERS enter the sports shop.
scene_heading: INT. SPORTS SHOP - DAY
text: A CANADIAN SALESGIRL looks them up and down.
speaker_heading: SALESGIRL
dialog: May I help you?
dialog: Si.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: We are the Jamaican bobsled
dialog: team...DoO you have ice shoes, and
dialog: what are they?
speaker_heading: SALESGIRL
dialog: (not understanding
dialog: Derice's accent)
dialog: Are you speaking English?
text: The boys look at each other.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SALESGIRL
dialog: (slowly as if to
dialog: children)
dialog: American Express?
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Let me handle this...Yo, Miss
dialog: Coconut, we need some jammin’ warm
text: bobsled clothes.
text: The salesgirl points them in the direction of the multi-
dialog: colored Parkas.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: {to Sanka)
dialog: I didn't know you spoke Canadian.
text: (MONTAGE OF THE FOUR GUYS TRYING ON AN ENDLESS SUPPLY OF THE
scene_heading: LATEST, WEIRDEST SKI-CLOTHES IMAGINABLE.)
scene_heading: EXT. THE STORE'S FRONT DOOR - AN HOUR LATER
text: The four boys walk out of the store DRESSED FROM HEAD TO TOE
text: IN BRIGHTLY COLORED WINTER SPORTS GEAR. They move stiffly
text: looking like huge neon spacemen.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - LATER
text: Irv and Roger are sequestered in a back table.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: What's so important that it couldn't
dialog: wait?
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: I need a sled.
dialog: Beat.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: {total disbelief)
dialog: You came all the way to Calgary
text: without a sled.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Look, I got forty-eight hundred
dialog: American. I just need something
dialog: competitive.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: For five grand?
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Alright, a working sled.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: But, Irv...
speaker_heading: IRV
text: A flexible flyer with oomph.
dialog: Anything!
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: You know I can't do that.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Hey, Roger, when it was down to you
dialog: and Morrison for that last goddamn
dialog: slot on the '68 Chantillly squad and
dialog: you pleaded with me to talk to
dialog: Kurt...Did I say, "Sorry, Roger, you
dialog: know I can't do that?"
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT'D)
dialog: You're not gonna make me beg, are
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: ROGER -
dialog: Maybe I can get you one of our
text: practice sleds.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Thanks, Roger...You know some-
dialog: thing...You're a damn nice guy.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: Alright, before you start slicing up
dialog: the bullshit, there's one thing I
dialog: got to know...
text: e irv raises his eyebrows.
speaker_heading: ROGER (CONT'D)
dialog: Is this whole thing some kind of
dialog: joke or do you really expect these
dialog: Pastafarians to qualify?
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: (lieing)
dialog: Not only are they gonna qualify, but
dialog: they're gonna turn a few heads doin'
dialog: it...Let me tell you something,
dialog: three of them run the hundred in
dialog: nine something flat. And I don't
dialog: care who you are, that's lightning.
speaker_heading: ROGER
dialog: But can lightning run on ice?
text: We hear a training whistle blow as we cut to:
scene_heading: INT. CALGARY ICE ARENA - AFTERNOON
text: The four boys flop around on the ice like fish. No one can
text: make it more than two steps as they keep falling over each
dialog: e other.
text: On the other side of the rink, female figure skaters stop
text: their practicing to watch the show. They can't help but
dialog: laugh.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: These special shoes don't seem very
dialog: effective.
speaker_heading: IRV (V.0.)
dialog: Grip with your toes.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Grip. with your toes everybody!
text: Derice is down in a flash.
text: Sanka manages to get to his feet.
speaker_heading: “ SANKA
dialog: Alright, you candy~ass track stars.
dialog: Let the ice-rasta show you how it's
dialog: done.
text: Sanka looks like a log roller before he finally goes Gown.
dialog: 54.
text: Junior calls from the other side.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Hey, fellas, look at my progress.
text: Junior is stayina on his feet by holding on to Yul’s sweater.
text: YU1 gives him a strong look. Junior lets go and falls.
text: Then Yul falls. Sanka, who has just about gotten up, starts
text: laughing at them. He falls.
text: The figure skaters are hysterical, a few of them fall.
scene_heading: SMASH CUT TO:
text: EXT. THE MIDDLE OF A BOBSLED COURSE.
text: THE DRIVER'S POV.: We feel the speed, the danger, the blood
text: curdling excitement of driving a bobsled as we go flying
text: through a high bank curve, nearly turning completely upside
text: down. WE come out of that curve and right into another one.
text: The sound of speed and ice is deafening!
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL: Derice. He is sitting in a bobsled
text: simulator. His hands are on the controls as he takes another
dialog: curve.
scene_heading: INT. SIMULATOR ROOM - CONT'D
text: Derice steps out of the simulator. Yul, Junior and Sanka are
text: next in line. Behind them are a bunch of LITTLE KIDS.
text: Sanka turns to one of the kids.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Is it as good as ‘Super Mario
dialog: Brothers! '*
scene_heading: INT. BAR — NIGHT
text: The Jamaicans enter led by Sanka. The bar is packed with
dialog: sliders from different nations.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Remember, Derice said we got to be
dialog: in by midnight.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Stay loose, baby bear...You gonna
dialog: cramp me style.
dialog: 5.
text: A COUNTRY WESTERN BAND is playing in the background. An EAST
text: GERMAN SLEDDER is swinging a beer mug as he tries to sing
dialog: along with the band.
text: JOSEF GROOL, the East German driver, nudges the singing
text: German as the Jamaicans approach them.
text: Sanka walks up to the German.
speaker_heading: SANKA (CONT'D}
dialog: Keep jammin', ras. I'll catch up on
dialog: the chorus.
text: The German ignores him. Grool looks through Sanka like he
dialog: isn't there.
speaker_heading: SANKA (CONT'D)
dialog: That's cool...I didn’t know that one
dialog: anyway.
text: Yul and Junior stand in front of the band. Yul seems
text: fascinated as he stares at the GUITAR PLAYER who is dressed
dialog: like a cowboy
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: I gotta get me one of them hats.
text: Sanka makes his way over to a table full of FRENCH SLIDERS
speaker_heading: speaking FRENCH.
text: SANKA TAPS ONE ON THE SHOULDER.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Where you from, mon?
speaker_heading: FRENCH SLIDER #1
dialog: {mimicking Sanka)
dialog: Where you from, mon?
text: The French slider walks away. The rest of the French team
text: just shake their heads. But Sanka is undaunted. He taps
text: ANOTHER FRENCHMAN on the shoulder. The Frenchman doesn't
dialog: budge.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Sanka, take a hint.
text: But Sanka just taps a little harder.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Excuse me, do you speak English?
dialog: sé.
speaker_heading: ANOTHER FRENCHMAN
dialog: ( also mimicking)
dialog: No, Z speak English, REGGAE MON.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Good, ‘cause your father calls the
dialog: dog-catcher when your mother leaves
dialog: the house.
text: Yul and Junior crack up as the Frenchman stands there, still
text: acting superior, not knowing what Sanka just said.
text: Two American sliders (JEREMY and COLE) sitting at a table
text: nearby call out.
speaker_heading: COLE
dialog: Hey, bartender...How 'bout a couple
dialog: of shots to go with this beer?
text: Sanka hears a language he can understand and lights up.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Alright, finally! Some American
dialog: rastas.
text: Sanka goes over to their table, sits down and pours himself a
dialog: beer,
speaker_heading: SANKA (CONT'D)
dialog: Now we're talkin'...What do you say
dialog: we kick this badboy off with a big
dialog: ol' bobsledder's toast?
speaker_heading: JEREMY
dialog: I'll tell you what, friend...
text: He takes the beer out of Sanka's hand.
speaker_heading: JEREMY (CONT.)
dialog: First you go and prove yourselves
dialog: out there on that hill...Then we'll
dialog: talk about a toast.
text: The Americans grab their beers, get up and walk away leaving
text: Sanka's friendly advances once again rejected.
scene_heading: EXT. BOBSLED HILL - NIGHT
text: Derice's feet crunch snow as he trudges toward the top of the
text: hill. He finally reaches the top and what he sees before him
dialog: is a vision.
dialog: 57.
text: DERICE'S POV: The SWISS BOBSLED TEAM is rocking their sled in
text: the start area. Their movements are pure exacting poetry and
text: their breaths are clouds of steamy focus as they rock back
dialog: and forth, all of them one body, one will, one mind.
text: To Derice, it seems as though they are moving in slo-motion,
dialog: the power of their concentration is so great.
text: The sounds he hears are super-amplified: the sled's runners
text: against the ice, the raw power of the breathing, the joyous
text: roar of adrenaline as they push start with the strength of
dialog: four horses.
dialog: It is quite simply the most magnificently beautiful athletic
dialog: display Derice has ever witnessed. You can feel his heart
text: pounding as the Swiss whip through the final turns with the
text: ethereal ease of a dream.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Sanka and Yul sit on their beds. They both wear boxers (Yul's
text: are ripped). A gargling sound comes from the bathroom.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Seemin’ to you like nobody like us?
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: We different...And people always
dialog: scared of what is different.
text: Junior comes in from the bathroom in a monogrammed red satin
text: bathrobe. He's flossing.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: You guys talkin’ about why everybody
dialog: hates us?
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Don't let it bother you...You all
dialog: hate me and I don't mind.
text: Derice comes flying in the door.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: You guys won't believe what I just
dialog: saw.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: A jerk pork stand?
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: No, mon...Bobsledders! I watched
dialog: this Swiss team take a run down the
dialog: hill...It was like nothin' you've
dialog: ever seen.
text: Derice is in a state of rapture.
speaker_heading: DERICE (CONT.)
dialog: Like a miracle...Like the four of
dialog: them could take over the world...And
dialog: right then, I knew that we could do
dialog: it too...All we have to do is
dialog: believe, believe that there is
dialog: nothing more powerful than the
dialog: combination of man, ice, and
dialog: machine! !
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Goddamn, Rasta brother...What the
dialog: hell have you been smokin'!?
text: They all look at Derice. His eyes are wild with fire.
scene_heading: EXT. FROZEN LAKE ~ SAME
text: CLOSE ON: A tarp covering an unknown large object.
text: The camera pans over to the four guys in parkas, hats, and
text: mittens standing shoulder to shoulder in the middle of the
text: frozen lake, their hands covering their eyes. Irv pulls a
text: tarp off the object behind him. It's a bobsled.
speaker_heading: IRV (V.0.)
dialog: Alright, open ‘em.
text: The boys open their eyes; before them is a bobsled. It's
text: beat-up, the paint is peeling, it's way outdated, but it is a
text: bobsled. The Jamaicans are in awe. They walk slowly toward it
text: like four Incas worshipping the sun. They each softly lay a
text: hand on their priceless jewel.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT'D)
dialog: I know it isn't state of the art,
dialog: but...
speaker_heading: DERICE
speaker_heading: SHHHHi!!
text: He needs silence so he can admire the goddess.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Look at her, Ras.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: She some lady.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: What we gonna call her?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: How about Tallulah?
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Tallulah?...It sound like a two
dialog: dollar hooker...Where you come up
dialog: with that?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: It's my mother's name.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: I say we name it the ‘Assassin!'
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: No,-mon...She's a lover, not a
dialog: fighter.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: You're right...I say we call her the
dialog: ‘Sex Machine!'
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Oh, God!
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: How about Cool Runnings.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Beautiful!
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I like it.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: Very strong.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: What's it mean?
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: It means peace be the journey.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Peace be the journey.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: That's what it means.
text: Sanka says the name loudly and proudly.
speaker_heading: SANKA
scene_heading: COOL RUNNINGS!
text: All of a sudden the mountains explode with an echo of Sanka's
dialog: voice.
speaker_heading: SANKA'S ECHO
scene_heading: COOL RUNNINGS! COOL RUNNINGS! COOL
speaker_heading: RUNNINGS!
text: This blows everybody's mind and they all look to each other
text: as if it's an omen. Then they all start shouting joyously.
speaker_heading: ALL
scene_heading: COOL RUNNINGS!
text: The mountains explode in a rumbling chorus of COOL RUNNINGS.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BOBSLED FACILITY
dialog: Everybody's there. The East Germans, the Swiss, the Soviets,
dialog: etc.
text: Four teams are lined up waiting for their practice run. Three
text: others are doing ‘dry’ push-starts over by the push-start
text: strips. Other sledders polish their runners, work on their
text: sleds, stretch, meditate and generally prepare.
text: THE ENTIRE AREA.IS ALIVE WITH VOICES, ENERGY AND ACTIVITY!
dialog: Inte the middle of this walk our FOUR HEROES (Minus Irv).
text: They stand there mesmerized by all the goings on. Their black
text: skin standing out like neon among the white snow and white
dialog: faces.
text: Bll of a sudden, almost as if on cue, all the sledders notice
text: the Jamaicans. The activity and noise comes to an immediate
text: halt. THE ENTIRE HILL IS SILENTLY GAWKING AT OUR BOYS.
text: The four guys stare at everyone staring at them. They are
text: more than uncomfortable.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF THE HILL - CONT'D
text: The Jamaicans stare down the hill in amazement. ‘Cool
text: Runnings' is on the track next to them all ready to go.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Ch, my God...It go on forever.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Actually, it's 4967 feet...It's a
dialog: brand new course. No one's ever
dialog: raced on it...That's why everybody's
dialog: here early.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
text: It seems somewhat steeper than the
dialog: hills we have in Jamaica,
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Steeper, deeper, and you can keep
dialog: her.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: Anybody else cold?
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Cold...Mon? I’m freezin‘ my royal
text: rastafarian nuts off.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: It is a bit chilly.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Let's bobsled tomorrow.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Tomorrow's supposed to be even
dialog: colder.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Damn, it's a nice day for a sleigh
dialog: ride.
text: The JAMS put their helmets on. When Sanka puts on his helmet,
text: his dreads stick out of the bottom, THE WHOLE HILL CRACKS UP.
text: Irv comes up behind the boys.
dialog: 62.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Alright, fellas, this is it...What
dialog: you've all been waiting for...You
dialog: boys are about to get your first
dialog: piece of ass bobsled style?
text: The boys take a nice big gulp. Irv notices that the other
text: bobsledders are watching them.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT.)
dialog: Climb in.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Climb in. I don't understand.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Ain't we gonna push start?
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: On this first run, I'll nudge you
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Good idea!
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
text: Kurt Hemphill stands off to the side watching with another
dialog: official.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF THE TRACK ~ CONT'D
text: The four guys are getting settled in the sled. They try to
text: get comfortable. The entire hill starts laughing.
text: A GERMAN SLEDDER calls out.
speaker_heading: GERMAN SLEDDER
dialog: Hey coach...You gonna tuck them in
dialog: too?!
text: Irv bristles at the comment.
text: Sanka takes his lucky egg out of his pocket and kisses it.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: This ain't time to eat no egg.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: I ain't eatin’ it. T kissin’ it.
text: Derice turns around shaking his head.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: SANKA (CONT'D)
dialog: @ (turns to Yul)
dialog: You want to kiss my egg?
text: Yul looks at him like he's nuts.
speaker_heading: SANKA (CONT.)
dialog: Suit yourself,
text: He carefully puts the egg back inside his sweatshirt.
text: Irv gives his final instructions.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Everybody, listen up...Don't worry
dialog: about tryin’ to look good out
dialog: there...You guys are beginners and
dialog: that’s nothin' to be embarrassed of.
text: Josef Grool looks on. He whispers something in his buddy's
text: ear and they both crack up.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT.)
dialog: Remember, bobsledding ain't like
dialog: other sports...There's no gettin'
dialog: your feet wet and seein' if you like
dialog: it...You gotta dive in and swim for
dialog: 6 your life...Now, over the next
dialog: couple of weeks I might do some
dialog: things that seem a little
dialog: mean...Believe me, it's all in your
dialog: best interest.
text: Sanka raises his hand.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT.)
dialog: What is it, Sanka?
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: I gotta go...(He points to his lap.)
dialog: You know.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: There's no time for that.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Why not? We ain‘t bobsleddin' yet?
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Oh, yes we are!it
text: Irv kicks the sled with his foot and it starts down the hill.
dialog: 64.
text: The sled wobbles off, slowly at first, but then quickly
text: accelerates. The camera follows as the sled starts to fly
text: down the tunnel of ice.
speaker_heading: SANKA (V.0.)
speaker_heading: SHIIIIIIIT!!
text: INSIDE THE SLED as it rumbles like a jackhammer into the
text: belly of a curve, smacks into the wall, heads for the lip,
text: then jackknifes and comes out of the turn. THE ENTIRE SLED
text: FACING BACKWARDS.
text: Junior screams at the top cf his lungs as Sanka prays. Yul
text: grits his teeth.
text: The sled now whips into the finish curve, smacks it like a
text: pinball and crosses the finish line backward. But instead of
text: slowing down, it keeps on flying.
text: People are forced to jump out of the way, screaming.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: BRAKE, SANKA, BRAKE!!!
text: Sanka, now in front, pulls the brake and the sled slams to a
text: short stop. Junior's mouth is wide open in a silent scream.
text: Sanka's eyes are closed tight.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Is it over?
text: KURT HEMPHILL and the other official look on.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Look at those clowns...Someone's
dialog: gonna have to stop this.
scene_heading: INT. THE BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Sanka, Yul and Junior are sitting around the room. Junior's
text: using a ‘lint roller' on his pants, Yul's playing solitaire
text: and Sanka's reading a comic book. A pan of bananas cooks on a
text: hotplate by Sanka's bed.
text: Yul pulls the reading lamp away from Sanka so it shines on
text: his cards. Sanka pulls it back, but Yul just does it again.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: Shut dat hot plate down, fool...Them
text: bananas stinkin‘ like a dead dog.
dialog: 65.
text: Sanka ignores Yul, so Yul reaches over Sanka to shut the
text: hotplate off.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Cut it out, head wax, I'm readin'!
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: What you mean readin',..Them things
dialog: be for little children.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Oh, is that so?
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: Yah, that's so.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Well, if they for little children,
dialog: that means they too advanced for the
dialog: likes of you.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: You sayin' I ain't no smarter than a
dialog: little child?
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: What I'm sayin is, you're the kind
dialog: of club totin' cave man bastard that
dialog: counts to ten by stompin' with his
dialog: foot.
text: Yul goes over to the dresser and starts whippin' through the
dialog: drawers.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: Go ahead, boy, enjoy yourself. Say
dialog: whatever you want...
dialog: We can see Sanka getting nervous. Maybe Yul's looking for a
dialog: gun.
speaker_heading: YUL (CONT'D)
dialog: You're just like every other fool on
dialog: the island...Goin' nowhere fast and
text: thrilled to death about it.
text: Yul has found what he was looking for.
speaker_heading: YUL (CONT'D)
dialog: But you seé, I'm different...I know
dialog: where I'm goin’...And after I'm
dialog: famous for winnin’ the Olympics, I'm
dialog: e@ gonna be livin' right here!
dialog: 
dialog: 66.
text: Yul whips around holding a picture postcard of the ‘WHIT
text: e HOUSE.' Sanka sees this and starts to laugh his head off.
speaker_heading: YUL (CONT'D)
dialog: What's so damn funny?
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: (fighting through
dialog: laughter)
dialog: That's the White House!
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: I know what color it is...What about
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Nothin' about it...It's just if you
dialog: plan on livin' there, you gonna have
dialog: to evict the goddamn president.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (explaining to Yul)
dialog: Yul, that's where the president of
dialog: the United States lives.
text: Yul is so embarrassed he can't speak. He wraps his fist
text: around the postcard and crumples it violently, wishing it
text: @ were Sanka's head, and throws it on the floor.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Face it, Brenner, you gonna end up
text: in an out-house shanty like every
dialog: other dockworkin' sucker~Jon.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Says who?
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Says me, rich boy. What you know
dialog: about it?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I know my father started off ina
text: one room hut, and now he lives in
dialog: one of the biggest homes in
dialog: Kingston.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: {re: Yul)
dialog: Well he ain't your father.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: He doesn't have to be. All he has to
dialog: do is know what he wants and work
dialog: hard for it. If he wants it bad
dialog: enough, he'll get it...Believe me,
dialog: the more guys like Yul Brenner we
dialog: got makin' it, the better off this
dialog: world would be, especially for
dialog: Jamaicans.
text: Junior goes over and picks up the crumpled postcard. He
text: Straightens it out and hands it back to Yul.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR (CONT'D)
dialog: (genuine)
dialog: Go ahead, Yul Brenner. Go get your
dialog: White House.
scene_heading: INT. MOMMA COFFIE'S BAR
text: CLOSE ON: An old 50's telephone. Pull back to reveal Joy on
text: the phone. Momma Coffie washes glasses at the other end of
dialog: the bar.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Derice, I can barely hear you...What
dialog: you say?
scene_heading: INT. A PAYPHONE — SAME
text: Derice sits in a phonebooth talking on the phone to Joy.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: {on phone)
dialog: I said, I don't know what's gonna
dialog: happen...This bobsledding thing's a
dialog: lot harder than I thought.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Derice...I know you can do it. All
dialog: you got to do is stick with it and
dialog: everything gonna be fine.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY - SAME
text: Sanka steps out of the elevator mumbling to himself.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Well, if he movin' into the
dialog: Whitehouse...I‘m movin’ into the
dialog: goddamn Statue of Liberty.
dialog: 68.
text: circles with his thumbs and forefingers and brings them to
text: his eyes like upside down binoculars. He gets a big smile on
text: his face.
text: @ Sanka sees something and stops dead in his tracks. He makes
text: SANKA'S POV: Two beautiful, tall, identical blonde twins.
speaker_heading: SANKA (V.0)
dialog: Bingo!
scene_heading: INT. MOMMA COFIE'S BAR. ~ SAME
dialog: Joy's turn.
dialog: Joy
dialog: And never forget, I love you.
text: We hear Derice on the other end.
speaker_heading: DERICE {V.0.)
dialog: I love you too?
scene_heading: INT. LOBBY ~— SAME
text: ) Sanka introduces himself to the blonde twins.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: You girls better tell me your names
dialog: right away 'cause when I dreamed
dialog: about you last night, I could only
dialog: call you 'Baby!'
speaker_heading: GORGEOUS BLONDE #1
dialog: I am Uba and this is Eeba...We are
text: belonging to the Norweigan ski team.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: And I'm the ‘Coffie‘' and you the
dialog: cream and I'm belonging to the
text: Jamaican bobsled team.
speaker_heading: UBA
dialog: Wow!!! How cool!!! Listen, we are
dialog: knowing a good place to dance...You
dialog: like to party, Sanka?
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Lead on, my little Scandinavian snow
text: bunnies.
text: @ Sanka puts his arms around the girls and heads for the door.
dialog: 6S.
speaker_heading: EEBA
dialog: Were you knowing Bob Marley?
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Know him?...Me and Bobby were like
dialog: that.
text: Sanka crosses his fingers to show how close they were. They
dialog: all exit.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF THE HILL - NEXT MORNING
text: CLOSE ON: Derice, shaking his head.
text: Next to Derice, IRV PACES NERVOUSLY. Junior and Yul are
text: sitting in ‘Cool Runnings' waiting. Sanka is nowhere to be
dialog: found.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: I can't believe he's late again.
text: The starter approaches Irv.
speaker_heading: STARTER
dialog: You got three minutes, coach. Rither
dialog: take your run or pass...If you don't
dialog: want your slot, I got twenty~nine
dialog: other teams that do.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: This is great...Two weeks till show-
dialog: time and you guys haven't even had a
dialog: goddamn push~start.
text: Just then we hear the roar of an engine.
text: A snowmobile pulls up nearly running Irv over. It's Sanka.
text: He's sandwiched between the two Norwegian skiers. Uba's
text: driving. Sanka climbs off. He's in his bobsledding clothes.
text: He blows the girls a kiss.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: {to the girls)
dialog: See you again tonight, ladies...Same
dialog: bat-time, same bat~channel.
text: The girls wave and skoot off on the snow~mobile. Sanka heads
text: for the team, Derice is on him in a flash.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Where the hell you been?
dialog: 
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Lost in Norway.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Three more minutes and you would of
dialog: cost us our run.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Good thing Uba knew that shert-cut.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF THE TRACK - SAME
text: Cool Runnings is on the track and the boys are in their start
text: positions. Irv gives them a few last words.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: This is your first push start, so
dialog: don't try to set any world records.
dialog: All you gotta do is get in the sled.
text: The four boys take a deep breath, then they start to rock the
text: sled. They push off like they were shot out of a cannon, but
dialog: they're running so fast, they can't get in. Sanka let's go
text: first, then Junior, Yul and Derice...The four boys are
text: actually CHASING AN EMPTY SLED DOWN THE TRACK.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF THE HILL
text: We see a man with a camera up to his eye. Next to him is Kurt
dialog: Hemphill.
speaker_heading: HEMPHILL
dialog: NOW! !
text: A flashbulb pops, freezing the image of the boys chasing an
text: empty sled in black & white.
speaker_heading: HEMPHILL (V.0.) (CONT'D)
dialog: I want that photograph everywhere.
text: CLOSE ON: A newspaper photograph of the boys chasing the
text: empty sled. Pull back to reveal it's become the cover photo
text: of the ‘Kingston Gleaner.' And the ‘Gleaner' is in the hands
dialog: of Mr. Coolidge.
scene_heading: INT. BARRINGTON COOLIDGE'S OFFICE - JAMAICA
text: Coolidge stares at the photo and shakes his head in
dialog: embarrassment.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: COOLIDGE
dialog: I knew this was a bad idea.
scene_heading: EXT. NEWSTAND, JAMAICA
text: TWO MEN stare at the photograph laughing their heads off. Two
text: other men peek over their shoulder to see what they're
text: laughing at. It's Uncle Ferte and Joseph.
speaker_heading: JOSEPH
dialog: Them boys got Jamaica lookin' the
dialog: fool in front de' entire world.
speaker_heading: FERTE
dialog: I just don't understand.
scene_heading: EXT. THE BEVIL'S PATIO - JAMAICA
text: The newspaper is slammed down on a table. Up stands Whitby
text: Bevil Sr.. There‘s fire coming out of his ears. He goes over
text: to a phone, picks it up and dials.
speaker_heading: BEVIL
dialog: {into phone)
dialog: I want to send a telegram...Calgary!
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF THE HILL - DAY
text: The Swiss are ready to roll. Their captain goes up and starts
text: slapping his teammates in the head and screaming in their
text: faces. They slap and scream back. (This is how they get
text: psyched.) They prepare to push off, rocking the sled hard.
speaker_heading: SWISS CAPTAIN
dialog: Ein...Zvei...Drei!
text: The Swiss explode out of the blocks and get in the sled like
text: a perfect machine.
text: Derice watches mesmerized.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: Ein...Zvei...Drei.
text: Larry (Kurt’s henchman) approaches Derice.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: You guys aren't doing too well, are
dialog: you?
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: What?...We'll be fine.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Is that sa?
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Coach Smuin ain't worried and either
dialog: am I.
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Wake up, kid...Irv's what's killing
dialog: you,...He's been useless since the
dialog: day he was busted.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: What you talkin’ ‘bout, busted?
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: You know...Saporro...Nothin' like a
dialog: little extra weight in the runners
dialog: to make your sled go faster?
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: (faking)
dialog: That wasn't no big thing?
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: Getting thrown out of the Olympics
dialog: for cheating wasn't no big thing.
text: Irv comes up behind them.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: (to Derice)
dialog: Come on, let's get a run in.
text: Derice heads for the sled.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT'D)
dialog: (to Larry)
dialog: Giving my driver a few pointers, eh
dialog: Larry?
speaker_heading: LARRY
dialog: The kid's gonna need all the help he
dialog: can get.
text: Irv watches as Larry walks away.
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TRACK
text: The guys are in their start positions. They push off and
text: scramble in awkwardly. They make it, but Yul and Junior are
text: facing each other in the middle.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Hey, Yul...f think you facing the
dialog: wrong way.
text: The sled starts to pick up speed and begins ripping through
text: the turns. They rattle down a straight-away. They cross the
text: finish line, slow by world class standards, but they cross.
text: Derice stands up and asks the OFFICIAL TIMER.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: What our time?
speaker_heading: TIMER
dialog: 1:10.7...
text: The other boys stand up proud. Sanka bows.
text: Sanka, Yul, and Junior share high-fives but Derice knows how
dialog: much further they still have to go.
text: KURT HEMPHILL STANDS WITH OTHER BOBSLED OFFICIALS. THEY ALL
text: SHAKE THEIR HEADS AS KURT JOTS THINGS DOWN IN A NOTEBOOK.
scene_heading: INT. BOYS' HOTEL ROOM ~ NIGHT
text: Junior and Yul are alone in the room. Junior is getting all
text: fancied up in front of the mirror, suit, tie, the works. Yul
text: sits on his bed watching him like he's a freak show.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: Puttin’ on your very specials, eh?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: {tying his tie)
dialog: Uh huh.
text: Yul comes over and gets a closer look.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: Where you going, funeral?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: No, just out.
dialog: 
dialog: 74,
text: Yul picks up one of Junior's dress loafers. It has a shoe
dialog: ree in it.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: All your shoes come with wooden feet
dialog: in ‘em?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: It*s called a shoe tree.
text: Junior slaps some cologne on. Yul picks up the bottle and
text: smells it. He makes a terrible face.
text: There's a knock at the door.
text: Junior gets up and opens the door, revealing a YOUNG WOMAN in
text: a messenger’s outfit.
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: (accent)
dialog: For a Junior Bevil I am looking.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: That's me.
speaker_heading: MESSENGER
dialog: Signing.
text: Junicr signs.
text: The messenger exits.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: What you get, mon?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: It's a telegram...From my father!
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: I know them...Like a letter, only
dialog: faster.
text: Junior opens the telegram and reads.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: It's over!
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: What's over?
dialog: 75.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: {in shock)
dialog: He knows. He knows it all...The
dialog: team, the car, the job, everything.
dialog: He says either I come home right now
dialog: or I don't come home at ail.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: Don't you be listenin’ to that!
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Oh, God. Why did I lie to him?..What
dialog: could I possibly have been thinking?
dialog: Of course he found out. He finds out
dialog: everything...Would you go downstairs
dialog: and call me a cab?
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: ‘Cause you ain't leaving!
scene_heading: EXT. BOBSLED TRACK - NIGHT
text: Derice and Irv are walking the track from the finish line up.
text: The moonlight on the ice has a luminous, surreal quality.
text: Irving points to certain curves and calls their names. Derice
text: holds his hands against the walls of the track following
dialog: Irv's lead.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Always remember, driving is a state
dialog: of mind...The mental is to the
dialog: physical as four is to one...Now, in
dialog: the Omega, show me where you get on
dialog: and off.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: (trance like)
dialog: In the Omega, this is where I get
dialog: on, and this is where I get off.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: (simply)
dialog: Believe me, when you hit it right,
dialog: you'll knew it...The first time I
dialog: nailed a big turn in competition, it
dialog: was better than sex.
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: @ INT. BAR ~ NIGHT
text: The country western combo is churning out a heartfelt version
text: of "Rhinestone Cowboy.' The dance floor is full of locals.
text: (The men are dressed in cowboy hats and boots, the women in
text: western skirts.) They are all happily dancing a simple two-~
text: step as the singer gives it everything he's got.
dialog: In the middle of this country western hoedown are Sanka, Uba
text: and Eeba. Sanka looks like he's autistic as he keeps stopping
text: and starting, trying to find the beat so he can do his
dialog: patented ‘stomp dance.'
text: Uba and Eeba just stand, bored, hoping the music will change.
speaker_heading: UBA
dialog: This music is so not cool.
text: Sanka, now fully frustrated, THROWS HIS HANDS IN THE AIR.
text: We pan from the dance floor to a table where Yul and Junior
text: are sitting, a half drunk pitcher of beer beside them and an
text: empty pitcher next to that. They're a little drunk.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: And let me tell you something else.
dialog: If it wasn't for you, we wouldn't
dialog: even be here.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: But you don't understand. He's
dialog: really mad...When he gets like this
dialog: it's usually best to just do what he
dialog: wants.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: Not this time...Think on it; your
dialog: father wants you to come home and
dialog: forget about your teammates and all
dialog: we done worked for...I mean, for
dialog: God's sake, mon! You act like he's
dialog: the king of the whole damn world.
dialog: The man's just flesh and blood like
dialog: you and me.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
text: (slamming his head and
dialog: hands on the table)
dialog: WHAT AM I GONNA DO?
text: Josef Grool, the German driver, just happens to be walking
dialog: e *
speaker_heading: GROOL
dialog: (accent)
dialog: Hey, Jamaica, keep it down...You are
dialog: not owning this place!
speaker_heading: JUNTOR
dialog: I'm sorry...I didn't mean to bother
dialog: anyone.
text: Grool puts his finger in Junior's chest.
speaker_heading: GROOL
dialog: You have no business here,
dialog: Jamaica...You and your stupid
dialog: friends...Playing like you are
dialog: bobsledders...Vy don't you get ona
dialog: leaky boat and go back to vhere it
dialog: is you came from.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I said I was sorry.
speaker_heading: GROCL
dialog: And I said you are shit.
text: Yul stands up and lets his presence be felt. Grool moves on,
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Tell me the truth. Was that my
dialog: fault?
text: Yul heads for the restroom.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: Let's go!
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM, BAR ~ CONT'D
text: Junior's face fills the bathroom mirror.
speaker_heading: YUL (V.0.)
dialog: Alright, tell me what you see.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I see Junior.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: Want to know what I see? I see
dialog: pride. I see power. I see @ bad-ass
dialog: mother who ain't takin’ no crap off
dialog: nobody.
dialog: 
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: (in the mirror)
dialog: You really see all that?
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: Hell, yes! But it ain't about what TI
dialog: seein‘...It's about what you seein’.
dialog: Now, tell me what you see.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I see...uh...
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: Pride!
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Pride.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: I see power!
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Power.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: I see a bad ass mother.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Who ain't takin' no crap off nobody!
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: Again!
text: Junior looks in the mirror. He's bad.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: I see pride. I see power. I see a
dialog: bad~ass mother who ain't takin' no
dialog: crap off nobody.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: Now, you're talkin’.
text: Junior bolts out the bathroom door.
speaker_heading: YUL (CONT'D)
dialog: Where's he's goin?
dialog: 73.
scene_heading: INT. BAR ~ CONT'D
text: SANKA IS NOW ON STAGE WITH THE BAND. He and the lead singer
text: share the 'mike' on a smokin‘ version of Bob Marley's ‘I SHOT
dialog: THE SHERIEFF.'
text: Now it is the locals who stand still with confused express~
text: ions as Uba and Eeba tear up the dance floor.
text: Grool stands at the bar with a scowl on his face as he
text: watches Sanka prance around the stage singing.
text: CLOSE ON: A finger tapping Grool cn the shoulder. Grool turns
text: around to find Junior in his face,
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Now, you listen to me, buddy...i
dialog: won't be talked to that way..,You
dialog: better come up with a damn good
dialog: apology or else.
speaker_heading: GROCL
dialog: Or else vat?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Or else...uh..
text: Grool pushes Junior hard in the chest.
speaker_heading: GROOL
dialog: Or else VAT?!
text: Yul waits to see if Junior can handle it.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Uh..Uh...
text: Grool sends Junior flying inte a table.
speaker_heading: GROOL
dialog: Come on, Jamaica, say something!
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: How's this.
text: Yul nails Grool with a massive shot to the chops. In a flash,
dialog: three of the other German sliders grab Yul and, before you
dialog: can say ‘Joie de vivre,’ we are in a full scale bar brawl (an
text: un-willing Junior and Yul against everyone else in the
dialog: joint}.
dialog: 80.
text: Sanka leaps off the stage holding the mike stand like a
text: bayonet.
speaker_heading: SANKA (CONT'D)
speaker_heading: RASTAFARI!
text: Sanka charges the into the crowd, Junior punches someone in
text: the face, then gets hit over the head with a bottle. Yul
text: tosses bad guys about two and three at a time. Sanka now
text: hangs from the chandelier kicking people. Uba and Eeba are
text: kneeing bad guys in the balls.
text: The fight continues as police sirens are heard getting
dialog: closer.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF THE TRACK
text: Irv and Derice look out over the track.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: You're damn right it's hard, but you
dialog: keep on pushin'...And if you're
dialog: lucky, you might just be there when
dialog: it happens...When your heart starts
dialog: beatin' a mile a minute and your
text: ears are filled with the sound of
dialog: speed...That‘'s the moment when
dialog: heaven comes to visit and you see
dialog: the face of God...That's
text: bobsledding.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Irv...What happened in Saporro?
text: CLOSE ON: Irv, as he looks down over the entire track, lost
dialog: in his own world,
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT'D)
dialog: {it all comes back)
dialog: I love this goddamn sport.
text: All of a sudden a POLICEMAN comes ‘trudging up the path. He
dialog: calls down to Irv.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: One of you guys know an Irv Smuin?
dialog: 81.
scene_heading: INT. JAIL CELL
text: Yul, Junior and Sanka are in the slammer. Their clothes now
text: in shreds. They are sharing a cell with FOUR OUTRAGEOUSLY
text: DRUNK COWBOYS IN TEN-GALLON HATS. A flask is being secretly
dialog: passed around and our boys are pretty drunk.
text: Two of the COWBOYS are teaching Yul and Junior how to yell
text: ‘WEEHAWW DOGGY!’ Yul is getting the hang of it. Junior kinda
text: squeaks his. Sanka teaches the other two COWBOYS to stomp
dialog: dance.
text: A POLICEMAN leads Irv and Derice to the cell. They can't
dialog: believe their eyes.
speaker_heading: POLICEMAN
dialog: They’re all yours.
text: Irv gives a nice fake smile as we cut to Yul finishing with a
dialog: flourish.
speaker_heading: YUL
speaker_heading: WEEEEHAWWW!
scene_heading: INT. BOYS' HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT
text: Derice addresses the guys. They look like little kids waiting
dialog: to be punished.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Look at yourselves...You'’re
dialog: disgraceful. We came here to get to
dialog: the Olympics...Not to drink and
dialog: fight and chase women.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: But that German rascal go and push
dialog: my teammate. ‘Nuff respect...We had
dialog: to fight!
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: You don't see the Swiss team figh-
dialog: ting..You don't see the Swiss team
text: drinking and carrying on.
dialog: 82.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: @ And you don't see the Swiss team
dialog: smiling neither. In fact, if one of
dialog: those Swiss rastaS came across a
dialog: naked woman, he'd probably rock her
text: back and forth and push her down
dialog: some ice.
text: Irv comes bursting through the door.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Everything's okay...I told the judge
dialog: you guys were mentally retarded and
text: he threw the case out.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: (sing song)
text: Irvy pulled a fast one.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: (all business)
dialog: Shut-up, Sanka...Maybe you all
dialog: haven't noticed, but we ain't
dialog: winning any popularity contests.
dialog: They hate me. They hate you. They
dialog: hate us.
text: @ Derice nods his head.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT'D)
dialog: Now, we got one week left....You can
dialog: either make history or you can make
dialog: fools of yourselves...You can climb
dialog: to the top of the mountain or you
dialog: can climb on a bus back home...The
dialog: choice is yours..,.But mark my words,
dialog: if you want to get to the Olympics,
dialog: then you gotta sit down and take a
dialog: nice deep look inside... (He points
dialog: to his own heart.) That's the place
dialog: you find the thing that gets you to
dialog: the show.
text: All the boys look up now. He's got their attention.
scene_heading: INT. BOYS' HOTEL ROOM - PRE-DAWN
text: CLOSE ON: A ringing alarm clock. It reads 5:00 A.M...
dialog: 83.
text: Boom! The lights are on. Sanka, Yul, and Junior stagger
text: awake, groaning, shielding their eyes from the light. Derice,
text: already dressed in his training outfit, is in the middle of
text: the room running in place, bringing his knees up to touch his
dialog: palms.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: (while running
dialog: Let's go everybody. Rise and shine.
dialog: Rise and shine...It's ASS~KICKIN'
dialog: time!
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF THE TRACK - DAY
text: The boys knock off a so-so puSh=start and climb in the sled.
text: Irv clicks a stop-watch as they pass him.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: (to himself)
dialog: 6.6...No go!
scene_heading: INT. SLED HOUSE — DAY
text: The sled house is jam packed with every nationality of white
dialog: person known to man, The drivers of the different teams are
text: all meticulously polishing their runners. We hear a ‘wild
text: goulash' of different languages as we pan over to see Derice,
text: awkwardly trying to polish his runners. He sees a cocky Josef
text: Grool polishing his runners with short fast strokes and tries
text: to do the same. Grool gives Derice a nasty snicker.
scene_heading: INT. CALGARY ICE ARENA ~ NIGHT
text: The boys practice their push~start. They push Cool Runnings
text: past the camera going one way and jump in. The whistle blows
text: and Covl Runnings is going the other way and they jump in.
text: Back and forth, back and forth, faster and faster and faster.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM
text: The guys are seated single file on the floor in their bobsled
text: order. Irv stands before them with blown-up photos of the
text: track's different curves. He shows them like ‘flashcards.'
text: Irv shows the first pheto.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Omega!!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 84.
speaker_heading: THE OTRERS
dialog: Lefti!
text: They all lean to the left.
scene_heading: EXT. THE MIDDLE OF THE TRACK
text: The boys rattle through a serious curve.
speaker_heading: IRV (V.0.)
dialog: No, no, noi You're still too low!
scene_heading: INT. THE BOYS‘ ROOM ~ NIGHT
text: Derice stands alone in the middle of the room. He has his
text: eyes closed and his hands out (as if he were driving). He
text: bobs and sways as he drives the course in his mind.
text: The other guys are off to Derice's right, sitting single
text: file, swaying back and forth in unison on their own imaginary
dialog: course.
scene_heading: INT. THE BOYS' ROOM - LATE NIGHT
text: The clock reads '11:30.' All four of the guys are sound
text: asleep as we hear something pinging against the window.
text: This wakes Sanka. He gets out of bed and goes to the window
text: and looks down.
text: Sanka's POV: UBA and EEBA are tossing pebbles up at the
dialog: window.
text: Sanka lifts the window open.
speaker_heading: UBA
dialog: Sanka-baby, where you been?
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Sorry, ladies, Sanka-baby can't play
dialog: with you no more.
speaker_heading: EEBA
dialog: Sanka-baby don't like Uba and Eeba?
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Sanka-baby love Ube and Eeba, but
dialog: Sanka-baby tryin’ to get to the
dialog: Olympics.
dialog: 
dialog: 85.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF THE TRACK
text: The guys perform a solid push~start and jump into the sled.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Good...I want those heads down!
scene_heading: INT. SLED HOUSE
text: Derice is alone with the Swiss driver. They both polish their
text: runners. Derice notices that unlike Grool, the Swiss driver
text: polishes his runners with long fluid strokes. The Swiss
text: driver looks over to Derice and winks.
scene_heading: EXT. MIDDLE OF THE TRACK
dialog: They take a combination turn. They‘re smoking!
speaker_heading: IRV (V.0.)
dialog: Keep it high...Keep it high...Now
dialog: you're talking!
scene_heading: INT. SLEDHOUSE
text: The place is once again packed. Grool looks over at Derice
text: who is now using the long fluid stoke. A slight look of
text: concern comes over Grool's face.
scene_heading: EXT. FINISH LINE
text: Cool Runnings crosses the finish line. The boys are all
dialog: business.
text: Irv clicks the stop-watch and looks at it.
speaker_heading: IRV
text: YES... .YES...YES...YES...YES!!!
dialog: (Music ends)
scene_heading: INT. THE BOYS' HOTEL BATHROOM - DAY
text: Sanka is seated on the closed toilet. He wears a blindfold
text: and smokes a cigarette. Derice is next to him. He has a
text: scissors in one hand and one of Sanka's dreads in the other.
text: Yul and Junior can't look. They sneak a peek through their
dialog: hands.
dialog: B6.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: This ain't right, mon...I didn't
dialog: even get a last meal.
text: Derice brings the scissor to the 'dread' and squeezes for all
text: he's worth. Nothing. He does it again, this time using both
text: hands. Still nothing. He looks at the scissors and shakes his
dialog: head.
scene_heading: INT. THE HOTEL ROOM - LATER
text: We pan down the line of boys. They are wearing their
text: aerodynamic bobsled suits complete with the skin-tight hood.
text: As we stop on each of them, they pull their crash helmet on.
text: Sanka is last. His skin tight hood looks like a potted plant
text: with all his 'dreads' tucked underneath. He struggles to pull
text: his helmet on.
scene_heading: EXT, THE HILL - DAY
scene_heading: CLOSE ON: THREE SIXTY YEAR-OLD JUDGES IN SUITS AND TIES. ONE
text: OF THEM IS KURT HEMPHILL. THE OTHER TWO ARE SHINDLER AND
text: KREOYCZ2HECK. THEY EACH HOLD A CLIPBOARD AND PEN.
text: Irv Smuin approaches the three judges.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: (to Kurt)
dialog: What happened to Gremmer?
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: He got sick.
speaker_heading: KROYCHZECK
dialog: We're ready, Mr. Smuin.
text: Irv goes and gathers his boys around him. He shares some
text: final words, They look tense to say the least.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Alright, troops.,..Here it is, three
dialog: months of hard work comes down to
dialog: one lousy run...You keep it under
dialog: one minute, you win a trip to the
dialog: Olympics...You don't...You win a
dialog: trip back home.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: a7.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF THE TRACK
text: The boys are in their push-start positions. Irv watches from
text: the side of the hill. Kurt Hemphill and the two other judges
text: look on from a few feet away. (Binoculars around their
dialog: necks.)
text: The JAMS rock the sled hard and explode out of the blocks,
text: screaming. They complete the push-start and are in the sled.
text: Irv clicks his stopwatch.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: 6.1...Damnnit!
text: The camera tracks Cool Runnings as it rockets into curve one.
text: The judges follow the sled through their binoculars.
text: Cool Runnings comes out of curve #2 and takes a high line
dialog: into the Omega.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT.)
dialog: Come on...Hold it!
text: CLOSE ON: Derice, desperately trying to keep it together as
text: the sled vibrates through the turn and bottoms out into the
text: straightaway. He comes away in good order.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT.}
dialog: Thataboy!
text: Irv takes a pull on his inhaler and looks at his stopwatch.
text: Cool Runnings takes the straightaway in good order and goes
text: into the final hi-bank turn.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT.)
dialog: No mistakes, Derice...Right now!
text: The sled takes the final turn going well.
text: THEY CROSS THE FINISH LINE. IRV CLICKS HIS STOP-WATCH. HE
text: TAKES A DEEP BREATH, LOOKS TO THE HEAVENS, THEN LOOKS TO THE
speaker_heading: WATCH.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT.)
dialog: 59.4...59.4
text: inv goes over to the OFFICIAL TIMER who is also holding a
dialog: stop-watch.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 8B.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT. )}
dialog: What do you got?
speaker_heading: TIMER
dialog: 59.4.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Me too, baby, me too!
text: Irv does a little jig. Kurt Hemphill watches as Irv runs
text: toward the finish line, his fists in the air. 5
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT.)
dialog: We did it...We did it!!
scene_heading: INT. FEDERATION CONFERENCE ROOM ~- LATER THAT DAY
text: The nine officials of INTERNATIONAL BOBSLED FEDERATION sit
text: around a conference table.
text: We pan from face to face as they all listen to the following
text: voice over.
speaker_heading: KURT (V.0.)
dialog: Not only will they destroy what
dialog: should be our greatest moment, but
dialog: they could very well deal a blow to
dialog: our image that this sport may never
dialog: recover from...
text: The camera goes to TWO OFFICIALS nodding their heads.
speaker_heading: KURT (V.O.) (CONT.)
dialog: ...Therefore, it is in my opinion...
text: The camera has now found Kurt.
speaker_heading: KURT (CONT.)
dialog: ...That we use our governing power
dialog: to disqualify them from competing in
dialog: the 1988 Calgary Olympics.
text: A murmur of acknowledgement rolls through the room. But one
text: OFFICIAL speaks up.
speaker_heading: OFFICIAL
dialog: But, on what grounds...They did
dialog: everything that was asked of them.
dialog: 89.
speaker_heading: KURT
dialog: Oh, come now, gentlemen...There must
dialog: be some shortcoming we've all
text: overlocked.
text: Some officials nod, some sit stoic. Some even go so far as to
dialog: smile.
speaker_heading: KURT (CONT.)
dialog: All those who wish to show that they
dialog: are in favor of disqualifying the
dialog: Jamaican bobsled team may now do so
text: with a show of hands.
text: All nine hands go up.
scene_heading: INT. BAR - THAT NIGHT
text: CLOSE ON: Four hands holding up bottles of coke for a toast.
text: Pull back to reveal four ecstatic Jamaicans smiling ear to
dialog: ear.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: To following your dreams and never
dialog: giving up no matter what.
text: The boys howl their approval, clink their bottles together
dialog: and drink.
text: Sanka is so exuberant that he just can't help but dance. The
text: others watch and laugh. Sanka spots Irv at the door.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Hey, sled-god...Come on over and
dialog: join the party!!
text: Irv walks over to the guys. His posture is very serious.
text: There is absolutely no joy in his body. Derice looks at Irv
dialog: and knows something isn't right.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: What's wrong?
text: CLOSE ON: Irv. His face is a picture of doom.
scene_heading: INT. MOMMA COFFIE'S ~ NEXT DAY
text: Joy stands at the bar on the telephone.
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: Did they give you a reason why?
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY - CONT'D
text: Derice is on the payphone.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: They say we haven't run in any
dialog: official races Irv says it's just
dialog: a bunch of B.S., but there's nothing
dialog: we can do about it.
dialog: 
scene_heading: INT. MOMMA COFFIE'S —- NEXT DAY
text: Joy stands at the bar on the telephone.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: {into phone)
dialog: I'm so sorry, sweetheart...I don't
dialog: know what to say.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL LOBBY - CONT'D
text: Derice is on the payphone.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: There ain’t nothin' to say...I just
dialog: can't believe it's over.
text: Irv comes walking around the corner when he notices Derice on
text: the phone. He stops and listens.
speaker_heading: DERICE (V.0O.) (CONT.)
dialog: I can't understand how, after all we
dialog: done been through, it could end like
dialog: this...Who knows, maybe everyone was
dialog: right...Maybe it was just never
dialog: meant to be.
dialog: CLOSE ON: Irv. He ain't goin' down without a fight. He
text: marches out of the lobby.
scene_heading: INT. FEDERATION OFFICE - I5 MINUTES LATER
text: The office is empty except for a female SECRETARY behind a
dialog: desk.
text: Irv comes barging through the door and goes right up to the
dialog: secretary.
dialog: 91.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: I'm here to see Kurt Hemphill.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: I'm sorry, Mr. Hemphill is in an
dialog: important meeting with the other
dialog: federation officials.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Beautiful.
text: Irv blasts past the secretary.
speaker_heading: SECRETARY
dialog: Sir...You're not allowed in there!
scene_heading: INT. KURT'S OFFICE - CONT'D
text: Kurt, Shindler, Kroychzeck and FOUR OTHER OFFICIALS we
text: haven't seen before are sitting at a conference table when
text: Irv comes barging through the door.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Alright, Kurt...I want to talk to
dialog: you.
dialog: Shindler cuts Irv off
speaker_heading: SHINDLER
dialog: I'm sorry, Mr. Smuin. There's
dialog: nothing te talk about.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Oh, yes there is...I want to know
dialog: why you disqualified my guys!
text: Kroychzeck chips in.
speaker_heading: KROYCHZECK
dialog: As you were told...Your team must
dialog: compete in a World Cup Series race
dialog: in order to qualify for the
dialog: Olympics.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: But in an Olympic year the
dialog: ‘Qualifiers’ count as a World Cup
dialog: Series race.
dialog: 92.
speaker_heading: SHINDLER
dialog: That may have been true in past
dialog: Olympic years, but this year the
dialog: federation has decided to change its
dialog: policy.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: (disbelief)
dialog: Change its policy?!
text: A GERMAN OFFICIAL chips in.
speaker_heading: GERMAN OFFICIAL
dialog: The federation has the right to do
dialog: whatever they feel is in the best
dialog: interest of the sport.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: I thought making sure that the right
dialog: teams end up in Calgary was in the
dialog: best interest of the sport.
text: A French official speaks up.
speaker_heading: FRENCH OFFICIAL
dialog: Our only concern isn't simply what
dialog: makes for the best competition...We
dialog: must also be concerned about the
dialog: potential for embarrassment.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: I didn't know four black guys ina
dialog: bobsled could make you blush.
speaker_heading: SHINDLER
dialog: I think we've heard enough.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Excuse me, but I haven't finished
dialog: with my appeal.
speaker_heading: KROYCHZECK
dialog: What appeal?
text: Irv grabs a piece of paper off the table, spits on it, and
text: slaps it back down,
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: @ This appeal...Now, I did a lot to
dialog: help this sport and I did a lot to
dialog: hurt it...But I've paid for my
dialog: mistakes and I've paid hard...That's
dialog: gotta be worth at least a minute of
dialog: your time.
text: The board is silent...Irv continues.
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT'D)
dialog: Twenty years ago I won my first gold
dialog: medal, and a lot of the people in
dialog: this room said it was a fluke...that
dialog: the Americans got lucky...Well, I
dialog: think by now those of you who
dialog: thought that would admit that you
dialog: were wrong, and that when we broke
dialog: the great European dynasty, it was
dialog: the best thing that had ever
dialog: happened to this sport...What if you
dialog: had decided to keep us out of the
dialog: Olympics?...What if you had said,
dialog: "Oh, they're just a bunch of
dialog: upstarts. They're no good for the
dialog: r image of the sport.”
text: Right at Kurt.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT.)
dialog: Where would you be, coach...if they
dialog: had kept us out in '68?...You...who
dialog: never lost your faith while
dialog: everybody laughed and taunted
dialog: us...You,..who did more than anybody
dialog: to change the face of ‘bobsled-
dialog: ding...I know I let you down,
dialog: Kurt...I know I broke your heart in
dialog: Saporro, but don't take it out on my
dialog: guys. They're who we were twenty
dialog: years ago...And it don't matter if
dialog: they finish first or fiftieth...
dialog: To all of them.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT.}
dialog: ...They deserve a chance to
dialog: represent their country and march
dialog: into that stadium...They deserve the
dialog: the chance to wave their nation's
dialog: flag...That's the greatest honor any
dialog: athlete can ever have...And that's
dialog: what the Olympics are all about.
text: Kurt starts to shift in his seat. The committee sits silent.
text: Irv turns and heads for the door.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT'D)
dialog: Our plane leaves in three
dialog: hours...Let us know what you decide.
scene_heading: INT. THE BOYS' HOTEL ROOM —- TWO AND A KALF HOURS LATER
text: The bags are packed and by the door. The boys are dressed to
text: go home. They sit on their beds ringing their hands. Irv
text: checks his watch as he paces like a caged panther.
text: The boys look to each other, then to Irv. THE TENSION IS
speaker_heading: INSANE.
text: THE PHONE RINGS. Sanka nearly jumps out of his skin.
text: Everybody stares at the phone, but nobody moves to answer it.
text: On the second ring Irv picks it up.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: (no visible emotion)
dialog: Hello...Uh huh...Uh huh...uUh
dialog: huh...Alright, thank you.
text: He hangs up the phone. The boys' eyes are on him, but Irv
dialog: just stands there,
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Well?!
text: Irv raises one fist in the air. Sanka yelps with joy, Junior
text: jumps on Yul and Derice is near tears as he silently thanks
dialog: God.
scene_heading: SLOW DISSOLVE TO:
text: THE GROUND moving close and fast.
text: We HEAR a runner’s RHYTHMIC BREATHING.
text: PULL BACK TO REVEAL
dialog: 35.
text: A LITTLE GIRL running. She carries the Olympic torch into a
text: tunnel that leads to the Olympic stadium.
scene_heading: INT. OLYMPIC VILLAGE LIVING QUARTERS
text: We see the reflection of the four boys side by side in the
text: mirror, They wear tropical yellow ski jackets, green slacks,
text: and yellow and green ski hats. Sanka wears bamboo sunglasses.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: I'm feeling very Olympic this
dialog: afternoon.
text: He and Derice give each other five.
text: EXT. THE TOP OF A PALM TREE NEXT TO MOMMA COFFIE'S BAR ~ SAME
text: Our ears are filled with radio static as a little boy holds a
text: wire in one hand as he clings to a couple of coconuts with
text: the other. Winston (the boy from the derby) yells up to him.
speaker_heading: WINSTON
text: He say farther to the left.
text: The boy reaches the wire out farther to the left.
scene_heading: INT. MOMMA COFFIE'S - SAME
text: There is now a huge crowd gathered around the radio. Everyone
text: we know from the movie and more. Joy's entire school class is
text: there. They have a blackboard set up that lists the names of
text: all the bobsled competitors and a place for their times and
dialog: standings.
text: Ferte plays with the radio dials, but all he can get is
dialog: static.
speaker_heading: FERTE
dialog: (fiddling with the
dialog: dials)
dialog: Blasted!
speaker_heading: MOMMA COFFIE
dialog: Come on, Ferte, you old horse thief.
text: The damn pageant is about to start.
text: Ferte turns a dial, bot we just hear more static.
dialog: 96.
text: There is a hub~bub of anticipation in the air as everyone
text: waits for the static to clear, but it turns to a curious hum
text: as BARRINGTON COOLIDGE walks into the bar and over to Joy and
dialog: Uncle Ferte.
speaker_heading: COOLIDGE
dialog: What's the matter?...Can't decide
dialog: what to listen ta?
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: We gonna listen to the Olympics...We
dialog: just waitin’ for Uncle Ferte to get
dialog: the radio workin’.
speaker_heading: COOLIDGE
dialog: Oh, I see...Well then, maybe this
dialog: will help.
text: EVERYONE'S EYES ARE ON COOLIDGE AS HE GESTURES TOWARDS THE
text: DOOR AND A LARGE SCREEN TV IS ROLLED IN ON DOLLIES.
text: THE PLACE GOES WILD.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: I thought you didn't believe in
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: COOLIDGE
dialog: (cat-bird grin)
dialog: Are you kidding? I was behind them
dialog: from the start.
scene_heading: INT. STADIUM RUNWAY - DAY
text: The four Jamaicans wait nervously as they prepare to go out
text: and march in the OPENING CEREMONIES. The other athletes
dialog: ignore them.
text: Grool whispers in the ear of his teammate but loud enough to
dialog: be heard by the Jams.
speaker_heading: GROOL
dialog: They better enjoy the parade...It's
dialog: the last time they're going to be
text: smiling.
text: Irv comes by. It’s time.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Here we go.
scene_heading: INT. MOMMA COFFIE'S
text: The crowd is now gathered around a GIANT SCREEN TV. Mr.
text: Coolidge aims the remote control at the set as everyone
text: Stares on. But instead of turning the TV on himself, he hands
text: the remote to Momma Coffie. Momma Coffie turns the set on as
text: everybody cheers.
text: CLOSE ON: The giant screen TV. It shows the following.
text: A TREMENDOUS burst of APPLAUSE and CHEERING as the runner
text: jogs into the stadium with the torch in front of 60,000
text: SPECTATORS.
text: The opening ceremony for the WINTER OLYMPIC GAMES has begun.
text: The center of all the excitement is the PARADE OF NATIONS.
text: The FINEST ATHLETES IN THE WORLD emerge from the tunnel
text: wearing their national colors as they wave to the crowd.
dialog: The Americans, the Chinese, the Czechs, the French, the
dialog: Germans, the Irish, the Italians...
text: And now the JAMAICANS march out of the tunnel. Irving is
text: popping his buttons. Sanka has his solar-energy smile on.
text: Junior is waving, sure-footed. Yul has an easy air about him.
text: Derice marches in front, waving the FLAG OF JAMAICA for the
dialog: first time in a winter Olympics.
scene_heading: INT. THE GUYS* ROOM, OLYMPIC VILLAGE ~ NIGHT
text: Irv sits on the end of the bed. The guys sit on the floor
text: before him.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Alright, fellas, tomorrow's the big
dialog: day.
text: He gets up off the bed.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT.)
dialog: Now, most coaches would probably go
dialog: for a ‘win one for the Gipper'
dialog: speech, but I'm not real good at
dialog: that stuff...So, instead, I'll be
dialog: leading us ali in 2 little psalm of
dialog: inspiration.
dialog: 9B.
text: They form a circle, get on one knee, bow their heads, and
text: clasp hands.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT'D)
dialog: Our Father, who art in Insbruck,
dialog: Bobsled be Thy Name. Our Kingdom
dialog: come, gold medals won, on earth as
dialog: in turn seven with liberty and push-
dialog: start for all...Amen.
speaker_heading: THE GUYS
dialog: Amen.
text: There's a knock at the door. They all look at each other.
text: Then Yul goes to answer it.
text: Yul opens the door halfway. Standing there is Whitby Bevil
dialog: Sr..
speaker_heading: BEVIL
dialog: Alright, where's Junior?
text: Yul knows who this is. He opens the door the rest of the way,
text: revealing Junior to his father and Junior's father to
dialog: everyone.
speaker_heading: SMASH CUT:
scene_heading: INT. OLYMPIC VILLAGE HALLWAY ~ CONT'D
text: Bevil is setting Junior straight.
speaker_heading: BEVIL
dialog: Now, you listen to me, boy. You
dialog: might not have done what you were
dialog: asked, but you will do what you are
dialog: told,..You're coming home.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: But...
speaker_heading: BEVIL
dialog: But nothin'...Now go in there and
dialog: pack your things.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: What about my teammates?
speaker_heading: BEVIL
dialog: What about them?
dialog: gs.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: e They need me.
speaker_heading: BEVIL
dialog: (getting worked up}
dialog: You're damn right they need you, but
dialog: you don't need them...I didn't send
dialog: you to the finest schools so you
dialog: could end up slidin’ on your ass
dialog: with a bunch of common shanty foik!
speaker_heading: SUNIOR
dialog: {almost yelling)
dialog: How can you say that?...You came
dialog: from the Shanties!!!
text: Bevil slaps Junior in the face.
text: Beat. Junior's whole expression changes and he looks his
text: father in the eye.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR (CONT.)
dialog: Father, when you look at me, what do
dialog: you see?
speaker_heading: BEVIL
dialog: Go and pack your things. I'11 wait
text: e@ in the limousine.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: LOOK AT ME!
text: This startles Bevil.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR (CONT'D
dialog: TELL ME WHAT YOU SEE!
speaker_heading: BEVIL
dialog: (up to the challenge)
text: I see a stubborn little boy with a
text: head full of foolish dreams.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: You know what, father? You're
dialog: right...I am stubborn...Stubborn
dialog: when I'm forced to stand up for what
dialog: I believe in. And all my dreams are
dialog: foolish...Till the day I make them
dialog: true.
text: WE CUT TO YUL BEHIND THE DOOR LISTENING. THEN BACK TO JUNIOR.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR (CONT‘D)
dialog: You're very right about both of
dialog: those things...But there's one place
dialog: where you're wrong...I'm not a
dialog: little boy...I'm aman. And if you
dialog: can't accept that...I won't ever be
text: coming home.
text: Bevil turns and walks down the hallway.
text: CLOSE ON: Junior. The consequences of his actions are all
text: over his face. He takes a deep breath and walks back in the
dialog: room.
scene_heading: INT. THE GUYS' ROOM ~- CONT'D
text: Junior walks in. Everybody stares at him to see if he's okay.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: Hey, Junior Bevil.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: You a bad ass mother.
text: Junior practically collapses in Yul's arms.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF THE BOBSLED TRACK - DAWN
text: A huge tractor trailer hauls sleds up the mountain. Track
text: workers unload the sleds and deposit them near the start
text: house. The first day of the Olympics, control trucks,
text: cameras, cables, all that TV jive. Coaches and sliders look
text: over their sleds as they polish their blades.
scene_heading: INT. MOMMA COFFIE'S ~ SAME
text: Close on the TV.
speaker_heading: JIM MCKAY
dialog: Oh, Canada, indeed. This is Jim
dialog: Mckay live with Bob Beatie from the
text: beautiful new bobsledding venue just
text: a few miles outside of downtown
dialog: Calgary.
text: The crowd cheers.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF THE TRACK
text: The red and white sled of the Swiss team is ready to go. They
text: SMACK EACH OTHERS HELMETS as they psych up for their run.
text: WE CUT TO DERICE, WHO LOOKS ON, MESMERIZED BY EVERY NUANCE.
speaker_heading: JIM MCKAY (V.0.)
dialog: The first team to take on this
dialog: spectacular new course is the Swiss
dialog: #1 sled.
text: The Swiss team roars as they push off. The competition is
dialog: underway.
scene_heading: (ROCKIN' OLYMPIC MUSIC KICKS IN.)
text: THE SWISS GO HIGH THROUGH A BANK TURN.
text: THE CANADIANS CROSS THE FINISH LINE.
text: THE CROWD CHEERS.
text: THE USA PUSHES OFF.
text: THE SCOREBOARD FLASHES A TIME OF 58.13.
scene_heading: THE ELECTRONIC SCOREBOARD READS:
scene_heading: 1. BAST GERMANY 2. U.S.S.R. 3. USA 4. SWITZERLAND 5.
speaker_heading: CANADA.
scene_heading: INT. MOMMA COFFIE'S
text: The blackboard is filled with all the teams and times. The
text: only team with no time next to it is the Jamaicans.
text: Close on the TV.
speaker_heading: JIM MCKAY
dialog: And the last team up, on this first
dialog: day of competition, is from the
dialog: island of...Jamaica?
text: The entire bar goes wild.
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: BOB BEATIE
dialog: This Jamaican squad is some story.
dialog: They took an unorthodox route
dialog: getting here and there are quite a
dialog: few teams who say they have no
dialog: business being in the Olympics at
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: JIM MCKAY
dialog: Can you give them any serious
dialog: consideration for a medal?
speaker_heading: BOB BEATIE
dialog: Not this century.
text: The crowd at Momma Coffie's boos.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF THE HILL - CONT'D
text: COOL RUNNINGS is on the track. Derice comes over to Sanka and
text: starts slapping him in the head.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: What's the matter with you? You
dialog: crazy?
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: That's how the Swiss be gettin' each
dialog: other ready!
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: They make them little pocket knives
dialog: too, but I don't see you doin' that.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF THE TRACK - CONT'D
text: The boys take their start positions.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Come on, fellas...Let's show them
dialog: who we are.
text: Sanka takes out his egg and kisses it.
text: The boys begin rocking the sled.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: (possessed)
dialog: Ein... Zvei... Dreii!!
dialog: 103.
dialog: They push cff for everything they're worth, but when it’s
text: time to get in the sled, it deteriorates into a Chinese fire
dialog: drill.
text: Somehow they all get in as the sled bangs from wail to wall.
scene_heading: INT. MOMMA COFFIE'S
text: The home crowd watches in silent rapture.
speaker_heading: JIM MCKAY
dialog: 8.6...Not much of a start time but
text: at least they made it into the sled.
text: The crowd grows more concerned as they listen.
speaker_heading: BOB BEATIE
text: They take a strange line through
text: ‘Omega’ and they're ricocheting off
text: the walls like a pinball...It says
dialog: here the driver's name is Derice
dialog: Bannock, but to tell the truth, it
text: looks more like the sled's driving
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: {re: the radio
dialog: announcer)
dialog: This fool better watch his mouth.
speaker_heading: MOMMA COFFIE
dialog: Tell him, girl!
text: Uncle Ferte puts his arm around Joy. We cut to Momma Coffie
text: who goes into good luck voo-doo mode, mumbling incantations
dialog: to herself.
speaker_heading: JIM MCKAY
text: They go into the three turns of
dialog: Labyrinth...Oh, Mary! Their heads
text: are flopping around like rag dolls
text: as they come across the finish line
dialog: in a time of 102.25...That's gonna
dialog: be good enough for last place.
text: Everyone is silent.
scene_heading: INT. BOYS' HOTEL BATHROOM ~ NIGHT
text: whe boys are lined up in the bathtub in their sled positions.
dialog: 104.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Now, remember, the only way we gonna
dialog: keep from smackin' the walls is to
dialog: keep our heads in line like the
dialog: Swiss do...Got it?
text: The boys nod. They are sick of this.
speaker_heading: DERICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Ein...Zvei...Drei...Curve one...Lean
dialog: left.
text: The entire team leans in unison to the left.
text: CLOSE ON: Sanka. He looks to his right and sees the toilet.
speaker_heading: DERICE (CONT'D)
text: Into the Omega, lean right.
text: The entire team leans right, still perfect.
text: CLOSE ON: Sanka. Once again his eyes find the toilet.
speaker_heading: DERICE (CONT'D)
text: The three turns of the labyrinth.
text: Three heads lean one way, Sanka‘'s the other. The three heads
text: go the other way. Sanka's wrong again. They lean into the
text: third turn. Sanka misses this one too, but his eyes don't
text: miss the toilet. He can't take it. He climbs out of the tub.
speaker_heading: DERICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Why you gettin’ out of the sled?
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: ‘Cause you keep runnin' into the
dialog: toilet.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Forget the bloody toilet.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: I will, and I'll forget your Ein
dialog: Zvei Drein' Swiss wanna be ass with
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Why shouldn't we wanna be like the
dialog: Swiss ...They the best there is!
dialog: 
dialog: 
dialog: 105.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: We ain't no Swiss. We Jamaicans...We
dialog: can't be bitin’ nobody's style. We
dialog: got our own style.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Kissin' eggs ain't no kind of
dialog: style...This is the Olympics...This
dialog: ain't no stupid push~cart derby!
text: This cuts Sanka to the quick.
text: Junior nods.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: (honest)
dialog: Hey, rasta...Let me tell you a
dialog: little somethin'...I ain't come up
dialog: here and freeze my ass off so you
dialog: can whip me like an old mule ready
dialog: for the grave...Truth be told, I
dialog: just came to help you win your
dialog: medal.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Hey, I ain't lookin' to whip
dialog: nobody...I'm just tryin' to be the
dialog: kind of bobsledder Irv told us to
dialog: be.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: So am I...He told us to look deep
dialog: inside...And when I look deep
dialog: inside, I only see Jamaica.
speaker_heading: YOL
dialog: Me too!
dialog: He agrees.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Derice, mon, I known you since
dialog: before Merlene Jefferies asked to
dialog: see your ding a ling and I'm tellin'
dialog: you as a friend...If we look
dialog: Jamaican, walk Jamaican, talk
dialog: Jamaican, and is Jamaican, then we
dialog: sure as heli better bobsled
dialog: Jamaican.
scene_heading: INT. ANNOUNCER'S BOOTH ~ NEXT DAY
text: We hear a voice.
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.0.)
dialog: You're on the air.
speaker_heading: JIM MCKAY
text: It's a crisp, cold, clear, Canadian
dialog: morning...In other words, it's a
dialog: perfect day for bobsledding...This
dialog: is Jim Mckay with Bob Beatie. We're
dialog: back for the second day of the four
text: man bobsled competition. Things held
dialog: pretty much to form yesterday...Hold
dialog: on everybody...There seems to be
text: some commotion at the bottom of the
dialog: hill...Is that a sled or a piece of
dialog: modern art?
scene_heading: EXT. THE BOTTOM OF THE HILL
text: CLOSE ON: Cool Runnings. It is beautifully painted in the
dialog: classic rastafarian black, green, and red. (Similar to
text: Sanka's push-cart.) The words ‘Cool Runnings' are scripted on
dialog: the front.
text: The Jamaicans wind their way up the hill. They have turned
dialog: themselves into traveling ambassadors of confidence and
dialog: goodwill.
text: Josef Grool and the other sledders look on bewildered.
text: THEY JAMAICANS START CHANTING.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Rastaman vibrations, Yeah!
speaker_heading: THE GUYS
dialog: Positive!
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: That's what we got to give!
speaker_heading: THE GUYS
dialog: Positive vibrations, Yeah!
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: From within!
speaker_heading: THE GUYS
dialog: That's how we gonna win!
text: LITTLE KIDS FOLLOW THEM UP THE HILL, PUSHING COOL RUNNINGS
text: BEHIND THEM.
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: INT. MOMMA COFFIE'S BAR
text: The home fans are eating it up. Momma Coffie smiles.
speaker_heading: MOMMA COFFIE
dialog: That‘s right! Stir it up!
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF THE TRACK
text: The East German sled is on the track.
speaker_heading: JIM MCKAY (V.0.)
dialog: The East Germans look like they're
dialog: about ready to take their second
dialog: run.
text: The East Germans explode out of the blocks, roaring.
dialog: (Music kicks in.)
text: CUT TO DERICE, WATCHING LIKE A HAWK.
text: THE ITALIANS EXPLODE OUT OF THE BLOCKS.
text: CUT TO DERICE, WATCHING LIKE A HAWK.
text: THE AUSTRIANS EXPLODE OUT OF THE BLOCKS.
text: CUT TO DERICE, WATCHING LIKE A HAWK.
scene_heading: INT. MOMMA COFFIE'S - CONT'D
text: The crowd is nervous. The Jamaicans are up next. Everybody
dialog: expects the worst.
speaker_heading: JOY
dialog: {to herself)
dialog: Good, Lord, just let it be better
dialog: than yesterday.
scene_heading: EXT. TOP OF THE HILL
text: The guys are in their start positions, ready for their second
dialog: run.
speaker_heading: BERICE
dialog: You ready, Sanka?
dialog: Sanka nods
dialog: 108.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Release the sanity brake!!!
text: They rock the sled hard.
speaker_heading: SANKA (CONT'D)
dialog: {in rhythm to the
dialog: rocking sled)
dialog: Let's get busy, let's go fast!
scene_heading: THE OTHER THREE
dialog: (also in rhythm)
dialog: Let's go out and kick some aaaass!
text: They explode out of the blocks screaming.
text: They're in the sled and moving down the hill. The camera
dialog: tracks Cool Runnings.
speaker_heading: BOB BEATIE (V.0.)
dialog: 5.31...That's just a bee's butt off
dialog: the East Germans' start time.
text: Cool Runnings rockets into the Omega.
speaker_heading: JIM MCKAY (V.0.)
dialog: And the Jamaicans take the Omega
text: like they were born in a sled.
scene_heading: INT. MOMMA COFFIE'S
text: The crowd listens like they're hearing the winning numbers of
text: a lottery being read off. They can't believe it.
speaker_heading: UNCLE FERTE
dialog: Keep to it boys!
speaker_heading: MOMMA COFFIE
dialog: Breathin' fire!
scene_heading: EXT. THE TRACK
text: CLOSE ON: Derice. He is all business as the camera shakes
dialog: with speed.
speaker_heading: BOB BEATIE (V.O.)
dialog: This can't be the same Jamaican team
dialog: we saw yesterday.
speaker_heading: JIM MCKAY (V.C.}
dialog: Where did these guys come from?
scene_heading: INT. MOMMA COFFIE'S
text: The crowd answers the T.Vv. They scream.
speaker_heading: CROWD
dialog: (euphoric)
dialog: Jamaica!
text: We see the sled take a few turns on the tube.
text: The sled crosses the finish line.
speaker_heading: JIM MCKAY
dialog: Whoa, Nellie. 57.87...That moves
dialog: them into eighth place.
speaker_heading: BOB BEATIE
dialog: Watch out world...The Jamaicans are
dialog: coming!
text: The crowd at the bar is going berserk. Momma Coffie lifts up
dialog: Mr. Coolidge.
scene_heading: INT. OLYMPIC VILLAGE, THE BOYS' BEDROOM - NIGHT
text: Derice sits in a chair staring at a flash card of Omega. He
text: has a kind of glazed over look on his face.
text: Irv knocks on the door and pokes his head in.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Well, Bannock junior...Ready to
dialog: follow in your father's footsteps?
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: (tentative)
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: You think so?
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Alright...I know so.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: That's better...Me and the fellas
dialog: are gonna get some dinner. You want
dialog: to come with?
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Nah.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Then we'll bring you back a daggy-
dialog: bac.
text: Irv is about to close the door.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Hey, Irv.
text: Irv pokes his head back in.
speaker_heading: DERICE (CONT.)
dialog: There's something I got to ask
dialog: you...You don't have to answer if
dialog: you don't want to.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Shoot.
text: Irv now comes into the room.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Remember the time you saw me talkin'
dialog: with that Larry fellow?
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: What about it?
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Well, he said a few things about
dialog: you, and I was just wondering...
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: (interrupting)
dialog: You want to know why I cheated in
dialog: Saporro, right?
text: Derice nods.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT'D)
dialog: Simple. I was over the hill and I
dialog: knew it...The only problem was... I
dialog: had made winning my whole life and
dialog: when you make winning your whole
dialog: life, then you you have to keep on
dialog: winning. ..Understand?
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: But you won two gold medals. You
dialog: already had it all.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: That's just what everybody told me,
dialog: but it didn't make any difference
dialog: "cause it wasn't what I felt inside.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: I know what you mean...No matter how
dialog: many races I won...No matter how
dialog: many people believed in me...I've
dialog: never felt okay inside...But that's
dialog: alright, because I know that when I
dialog: win that gold medal tomorrow I'm
dialog: gonna feel okay all over...I'm
dialog: finally gonna be able to look into
dialog: that mirror and know that I'm
dialog: enough.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Let me tell you something, son...A
dialog: gold medal is a beautiful
dialog: thing...But take it from me, if
dialog: you're not enough without
dialog: it...You'll never be enough with it.
text: IRV PATS DERICE ON THE SHOULDER AND WALKS TO THE DOOR.
text: At the door he turns.
speaker_heading: IRV (CONT.)
dialog: See you at the finish line, kid.
scene_heading: EXT, TOP OF THE HILL
dialog: (Music)
text: THE CANADIANS PUSH OFF.
text: THE HOME CROWD GOES WILD AS THE CANADIANS TAKE CURVE #7.
text: THEY CROSS THE FINISH LINE.
speaker_heading: JIM MCKAY ( V.O,)
dialog: That pushes the Canadians back into
text: fifth. One second separates the top
dialog: six.
speaker_heading: BOB BEATIE (V.O0.}
dialog: The only other team left with any
dialog: real shot at a medal are the
dialog: Jamaicans.
dialog: 
dialog: 112.
scene_heading: INT. ANNOUNCER'S BOOTH - CONT'D
text: The two announcers have their backs to us. They are looking
text: out the back of the booth at the commotion.
speaker_heading: JIM MCKAY
dialog: I tell you, Bob...It looks like
dialog: these fans have caught themselves a
dialog: bad case of Jamaican fever.
text: They turn around. They are both wearing Jamaican bobsled T-
dialog: shirts.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HILL
text: The crowd cheers wildly. Uba and Eeba open big fur coats.
text: They're also are wearing Jamaican bobsled T-shirts.
scene_heading: EXT. STARTHOUSE ~ CONT'D
text: The boys come out of the starthouse ready for action. A VOICE
text: is heard off camera,
speaker_heading: VOICE (V.0O.)
dialog: Junior.
text: Junior turns to see who's calling him. It's his father.
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
dialog: Father...What are you doing here?
speaker_heading: BEVIL
dialog: I have a son in the Olympics,
text: THEY HUG EACH OTHER,
scene_heading: EXT, TOP OF THE HILL
text: A SOVIET sledder approaches Sanka. He's got a JAMAICAN T-
text: SHIRT pulled over his bobsled suit.
speaker_heading: SOVIET
dialog: I am wanting to wish you...How you
dialog: say good luck to you?
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Cool runnings.
speaker_heading: SOVIET
dialog: Ah...Cool runnings.
scene_heading: e EXT. TOP OF THE HILL
text: Derice looks like he's in a trance. He comes out of it and
text: gathers the team around him. COOL RUNNINGS is in place.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Yul, who are we?
speaker_heading: YUL
text: The Jamaican bobsled team.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Junior, who are we?
speaker_heading: JUNIOR
text: The Jamaican bobsled team.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Sanka, who are we?
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: We're the GO AND GET. HER, NO ONE
scene_heading: BETTER, ALL TOGETHER, FIRST AND
scene_heading: ONLY, ROYAL RASTA JAMAICAN BOBSLED
speaker_heading: TEAM,
text: They take their start positions.
speaker_heading: YUL
dialog: (to Sanka)
dialog: Quick man..,Let me kiss the lucky
dialog: egg.
scene_heading: EXT. THE HILL - CONT'D
text: Irv watches the boys get ready.
speaker_heading: IRV
dialog: Fellas!
text: HE GIVES THEM THE THUMBS UP.
scene_heading: a EXT. TOP OF THE TRACK
text: The boys nod at Irv. They all put their hands in the middle.
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: Let's do it!
dialog: a
dialog: an
dialog: a
text: They start rocking the sled. THEY EXPLODE OUT OF THE BLOCKS.
speaker_heading: ALL
dialog: Rastafari!!!
text: We track COOL RUNNINGS as they fly in and out of the early
dialog: turns.
speaker_heading: JIM MCKAY (V.0.}
dialog: The Jamaicans have shaved a tenth
dialog: off the Swiss start time!
speaker_heading: BOB BEATIE
dialog: They look possessed out there!!
text: The crowd surges toward the track yelling: "GO JAMS...GO
dialog: JAMS...GO JAMS!"
dialog: They take a perfect line through the Kriesel and you can't
dialog: hear anything but speed.
speaker_heading: JIM MCKAY (V.0.)
dialog: oh, my!!! GO JAMS!!!
text: But as the sled comes out of the turn IT HITS THE WALL HARD
text: as it bottoms out into a straightaway.
text: CLOSE ON: THE SLED'S FRONT TWO RUNNERS. ONE OF OF THEM IS
text: SOLID AS A ROCK BUT THE OTHER IS NOW LOOSE AND WOBBLY.
scene_heading: INT. MOMMA COFFIE'S
text: Everyone in the bar is screaming and jumping up and down,
scene_heading: INT. THE TELEVISION CONTROL TRUCK
text: All the technicians are screaming.
scene_heading: EXT. THE TRACK
text: We track COOL RUNNINGS through two more turns.
speaker_heading: JIM MCKAY (V.0.}
dialog: They're coming up to turn seven.
speaker_heading: BOB BEATIE(V.0.}
dialog: This turn's been chewing up sleds
dialog: all day.
text: The sled takes the turn.
speaker_heading: JIM MCKAY (V.C.)
dialog: Somehow they got through!
text: Close on: THE DAMAGED RUNNER. IT'S ABOUT TO GIVE WAY!!
speaker_heading: BOB BEATIE(V.0O.)
dialog: This Bannock kid's driving like a
dialog: champion!!
text: The sled careens up and down the wall in curve #8.
speaker_heading: JIM MCKAY (CONT'D)
dialog: Three more curves and they're home!
text: CLOSE ON: THE RUNNER. IT IS VIBRATING UNCONTROLLABLY AS IT
text: BREAKS OFF FROM THE SLED.
text: THE REST HAPPENS LIGHTNING FAST.
text: THE JAMAICANS' HEADS ARE WHIPPING AND SNAPPING AS COOL
text: RUNNINGS SMACKS OUT OF THE CORNER OF CURVE #8 AND IS SLAMMED
text: INTO THE WALL.
speaker_heading: JIM MCKAY
dialog: Oh, no...They've lost control!
text: THE SLED RICOCHETS AND CAPSIZES VIOLENTLY. A STUNNING CRASH!!
text: AND NOW THE SLED BANGS AND SCRAPES LIKE A PINBALL DOWN THE
text: TRACK, THE JAMAICAN'S HEADS BEATING AGAINST THE BOTTOM OF THE
speaker_heading: RON.
speaker_heading: JIM MCKAY (V.O.)
text: It's over!...It's all over.
scene_heading: INT. MOMMA COFFIE'S
text: Silence. People have their hands over their mouths.
scene_heading: EXT. TRE HILL
text: The crowd stares in silence at the crumpled sled.
scene_heading: EXT. THE FINISH LINE AREA
text: Irving is running, pushing his way through the crowd.
text: HOLD ON: COOL RUNNINGS and the team, not moving, silence.
dialog: 116.
scene_heading: INT. THE SLED
text: The boys are upside down.
speaker_heading: SANKA
dialog: Derice, we dead?
speaker_heading: DERICE
dialog: No, mon.
text: Derice with some difficulty crawls out of the sled. Then so
text: does Yul, then Junior, then finally Sanka.
speaker_heading: DERICE (CONT'D)
dialog: Pick up the sled,
text: WITH GREAT DIGNITY, LOOKING STRAIGHT AHEAD, THEY MARCH WITH
text: THEIR SLED DOWN THE TRACK.
text: The DRIVER of the Swiss team starts clapping.
text: A few more sledders join in. KURT HEMPHILL joins in as do all
text: the rest of the sledders. Even JOSEF GROOL is clapping.
text: THE CROWD ERUPTS INTO THUNDEROUS APPLAUSE.
scene_heading: INT. MOMMA COFFIE'S - SAME
text: The whole place is cheering.
scene_heading: EXT. FINISH LINE
text: Derice and the boys take in this incredible moment as they
text: proudly carry COOL RUNNINGS across the finish line. The way
text: the crowd is reacting, they may as well have won a gold
text: medal. Irv, panting, rushes toward them. Sanka reaches into
text: his suit and removes his duck egg. IT'S AMAZINGLY INTACT.
speaker_heading: JIM MCKAY (V.0.)
dialog: I don‘t think anyone who was here
dialog: taday will ever forget what they
dialog: have seen.
text: The Jamaicans are being mobbed. The entire place is ina
text: euphoric bedlam. Irv breaks through the crowd and reaches
text: Derice. He puts out his hand. Derice shakes it. They put
text: their arms around each other and wave to the crowd. Sanka,
text: Yul and Junior join them.
text: FREEZE ON: THE FIVE OF THEM, WAVING TO THE CROWD.
dialog: 117.
text: CREDITS ROLL AS WE SPIN TO A WHEATIES BOX WITH THE JAMAICANS
scene_heading: ON THE COVER. (MORE COMMERCIALS FOLLOW. }
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
