dialog: 
speaker_heading: COOL HAND LUKE (1967)
text: "COOL HAND LUKE"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: Donn Pearce and Frank Pierson
dialog: Based on the novel by
dialog: Donn Pearce
scene_heading: SHOOTING DRAFT
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN CITY STREET EXTREME CLOSEUP PARKING METER
speaker_heading: (NIGHT)
text: Its irritating head opens a glaring red eye: the red flag
text: pops across the entire screen:
speaker_heading: VIOLATION
scene_heading: INSERT: PARKING METER SUPPORT (NIGHT)
text: CLOSEUP of a pipe cutter attached to the meter neck, metal
text: slivers curling out. From o.s. we HEAR -- LUCAS JACKSON
text: cheerfully humming and mumbling Auld Lang Syne and then:
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Okay, Mister General, you son of a
dialog: bitch. Sir. Think you can put things
text: right with a piece of tin with a
dialog: ribbon hangin' on it? Gonna put you
dialog: right.
scene_heading: CLOSEUP PARKING METER (NIGHT)
text: as the meter head falls out of FRAME.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE ON METER (NIGHT)
text: as it falls to the ground amidst a forest of meter stands
text: and Luke's hand comes into the FRAME to pick it up and we
text: SEE him in CLOSEUP for the first time. He is cheerful, drunk,
text: wearing a faded GI Field jacket. A bottle opener hangs on a
text: silver chain around his neck. He addresses the next meter.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: All right. Helen, honey. I lost my
dialog: head over you. Now its your turn.
text: Suddenly the beam of headlights crashes in, FLARING the
speaker_heading: SCREEN.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON PROWL CAR (NIGHT)
text: sliding up to us, headlights glaring, red toplight revolving
text: menacingly. TWO OFFICERS, black shapes, get out and start
text: warily toward Luke.
speaker_heading: ON LUKE (NIGHT)
text: illuminated by the headlights. He grins as the Officers
text: approach, lifts a bottle of beer, opens it and drinks,
text: smiling. On his smile, FREEZE FRAME. ON THE FRAME SUPER-IMPOSE
text: MAIN TITLE and as it FADES
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. CLOSEUP A YOYO BLADE IN THE SUN
text: It swings with a pendulum motion, its shining blade topping
text: a clump of grass and weeds; it swings on the backstroke,
text: lopping more grass, then moves a little away from CAMERA.
text: FROM CAMERA RIGHT, a pair of feet move INTO the FRAME, the
text: feet of the man swinging the yoyo. They are booted and
text: connected by chains, riveted around the ankles. The feet
text: move further INTO the FRAME and the SHOT WIDENS. We are on:
scene_heading: EXT. A COUNTRY ROAD (DAY)
text: and we see the work gang in uniforms (14 men) flailing away
text: with yoyos, short-handled scythes in the hot sun, guarded by
text: three men. Three of the workers wear chains (Gambler,
text: Dynamite, Sailor). The scene is bleached and hot; the men
text: sweating and dirty in prison shirts and pants. The light
dialog: shifts during the following:
text: A MONTAGE OF A FULL DAY - SUPERIMPOSE TITLES AS APPROPRIATE
scene_heading: OVER FOLLOWING
scene_heading: ANGLE ON RABBIT
text: He is a trustee. He walks up INTO CAMERA and sets up sign:
scene_heading: SLOW DOWN -- MEN AT WORK
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DRAGLINE (9:00 A.M.)
text: He is a giant, covered with sweat and dust. He starts to
text: pull off his shirt.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Takin' it off here, Boss!
speaker_heading: BOSS KEAN
dialog: Yeah, take it off, Dragline!
scene_heading: ANGLE BOSS KEAN (11:00 A.M.)
text: pulling out watch, looking at the sun.
text: ANGLE THE BULL GANG
text: flailing away, most of them naked to the waist.
speaker_heading: ANGLE KOKO
text: He is sweating streams.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Wipin' it off here, Boss!
speaker_heading: BOSS SHORTY
dialog: Okay, wipe it off there, Koko.
text: Koko takes out a limp handkerchief and mops his face.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GAMBLER (A CHAINMAN) (NOON)
text: his yoyo flashing like a sword. He pauses, panting.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: Drinkin' it up here, Boss!
speaker_heading: ANGLE BOSS KEAN
speaker_heading: BOSS KEAN
dialog: Awright, drink it up, Gambler. Water
dialog: 'em, Rabbit.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE GAMBLER AND GANG
text: as Gambler takes a drink from a tin cup, passed by Rabbit.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT THE GANG (2:00 P.M.)
text: working away like a machine.
text: ANGLE PAST BOSS GODFREY TO BOSS SHORTY
text: Godfrey is the Walking Boss, silent, implacable symbol of
text: ultimate judgement. He wears a black hat, globular mirrored
text: sunglasses -- the Man With No Eyes, impassive, emotionless.
text: He nods to Boss Shorty.
speaker_heading: BOSS SHORTY
dialog: Awright, smoke it up!
dialog: FULL SHOT THE GANG
text: In unison they chant:
speaker_heading: THE GANG
dialog: Yeah, Boss.
text: ANGLE SOCIETY RED AND BLIND DICK 4:00 P.M.
text: Society is checking his yoyo edge with a file, covertly
text: watching a passing car. Blind Dick sneaks a look, then ducks.
speaker_heading: ANGLE BOSS KEAN
speaker_heading: BOSS KEAN
dialog: You eyeballin' there, Society?
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: Checkin' my yoyo, Boss!
speaker_heading: KOKO (5:00 P.M.)
text: He sees something o.s. He speaks, as they all do outside,
text: like a ventriloquist, not moving the lips, and in a stage
dialog: whisper, to Dragline.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Drag... Drag... Newmeat Bus! We got
dialog: us Newmeat tonight!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GAMBLER AND DRAGLINE
text: They look up covertly.
scene_heading: P.O.V. ANGLE ON ROAD
text: The Newmeat Bus, a prison vehicle, a panel truck with meshed
text: windows; and men in it, appears down the road approaching
text: the gang. It slows as it passes them and the men covertly
dialog: look at it.
speaker_heading: KOKO AND GAMBLER
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: A bunch. Must be halfa dozen Newmeat.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
text: No more than five. For a cold drink.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Bet! Babalugats, bet here!
speaker_heading: ANGLE BABALUGATS
text: He is the idiot of the gang. He grins foolishly, making the
dialog: bet official.
speaker_heading: NEWMEAT BUS
text: as it passes, picking up speed, PAN INTO:
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT GODFREY
text: looking at the Newmeat Bus.
scene_heading: EXT. CLOSEUP THE EYES OF GODFREY
text: His sunglasses FILL THE SCREEN, distorting the image of the
text: bus as it moves away from us and the last TITLE ROLLS.
speaker_heading: CUT TO:
scene_heading: INT. NEWMEAT BUS
text: The SCREEN is mostly black, but we see out through the meshed
text: rear windows a desolate panorama of gnarled trees and grubby
text: landscape, bleak and hopeless.
text: Now we HEAR outside the barking and baying of bloodhounds,
text: not like they're tracking, but just playing as the truck
text: turns and stops. The BUS GUARD and DRIVER get out. The back
text: of the truck is opened by the guard and through that rectangle
text: of bright sunlight, the silhouettes of the Newmeat descend,
dialog: Luke last.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON CAMP LUKE'S P.O.V. (DAY)
text: The Scene: in a hollow is a long barracks, white-washed,
text: faded gray, one story high. At right is a mess hall and
text: laundry. A chain-link fence surrounds the whole compound.
text: The corners of the fence are telephone poles with floodlights
text: on the tops. These burn all night. Back of the mess hall,
text: again outside the fence, are several kennel runs in which
text: bloodhounds are now ROARING. A wooden tower with a simple
text: board roof stands at two corners of the compound where the
text: guards sit when the prisoners are not locked in the barracks.
text: A picnic table sits in a grassy area just outside and at one
text: side of the gate is a picket fence enclosing a scrubby lawn.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Four. Right.
text: He hands the papers to the CAPTAIN, a small man with a kindly
text: face but a firm, set mouth who always carries a golf club.
text: In b.g. the bloodhounds are YOWLING:
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Dogboy, get them dogs shut up!
text: DOGBOY, a trustee whose leather gloves are always sticking
text: out of one back pocket, puts his hand to be licked by the
text: dogs who quiet, friendly, like any pets.
speaker_heading: DOGBOY
dialog: They just smell newmeat is all, Boss.
text: The Captain has been ignoring this, watching the prisoners,
text: looking at their records.
scene_heading: EXT. NEWMEAT BUS (DAY)
text: as the Bosses (BOSS PAUL and BOSS HIGGINS) motion for them,
text: the other Newmeat (to be known as TRAMP, ALIBI, and TATTOO)
text: stumble into each other and jostle Luke in their eagerness
dialog: to obey orders.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: You men git lined up here.
text: The Newmeat jostle into line. They are wearing State Issue
text: gray pants and their own Free World shirts. All except Luke
text: carry a paper bag or cigar box containing their wordly goods.
text: All except Luke look apprehensive, worried. Luke stands with
text: languid grace, neither insolent nor hostile, nor fearful.
text: The Bus Guard hands Boss Paul a folder that contains records
text: as the Captain approaches from his porch.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: What did they bring us today? Gibson.
text: A 507, Manslaughter. Good for a two
dialog: spot.
speaker_heading: ALIBI
dialog: It was an accident. I've never been
dialog: in any trouble.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: You'all call the Captain, Captain.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (to next man)
dialog: Edgar Potter. A 302 and resisting
dialog: arrest. One year.
speaker_heading: TRAMP
dialog: I was tryin' to keep outa the rain.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Git the wax out'n yore ears. You
dialog: call the Captain, Captain.
speaker_heading: TRAMP
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: And you call the rest of us Boss,
dialog: you hear?
speaker_heading: TRAMP
dialog: Yes, Boss.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: This man is gonna make us proud of
dialog: him, Mr. Hunnicutt.
dialog: (moving on)
dialog: Raymond Pratt.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: Yes, Captain.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
text: Breakin', enterin' and assault. Five
dialog: spot. Hmmm. Able-bodied seaman.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: That oughta come in handy here,
dialog: Captain.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Maybe.
dialog: (turning to Luke)
dialog: Lucas Jackson.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Here, Captain.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Maliciously destroyin' municipal
text: property while under the influence.
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Cuttin' the heads off parkin' meters,
dialog: Captain.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Well, we ain't never had one of them.
dialog: Where'd you think that was gonna get
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I guess you could say I wasn't
dialog: thinkin', Captain.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (looking at record)
dialog: Says here you done real good in the
dialog: war: Silver Star, Bronze Star, couple
dialog: Purple Hearts. Sergeant! Little time
dialog: in stockades. Come out the same way
dialog: you went in: Buck Private.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That's right, Captain. Just passin'
dialog: the time.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (staring at him)
dialog: Well, you got yourself some time
dialog: now. Two years. Hell, that ain't
dialog: much, we got coupla men here doin'
dialog: twenty spots. We got one who's got
dialog: all of it. We got all kinds and you
dialog: gonna fit in real good. Course in
dialog: case you git rabbit in your blood
dialog: and decide to take off fer home, you
dialog: git a bonus a some time and couple
dialog: leg chains to keep you slowed down a
dialog: little -- fer your own good. You'll
dialog: learn the rules. It's all up to you.
dialog: I can be a good guy or I can be one
dialog: mean son-of-a-bitch, it's up to you.
text: He turns and walks away.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT LUKE
text: His eyes have been wandering during this speech. He sees a
text: doleful, lovable bloodhound, nose at the mesh and winks at
dialog: him.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT BLOODHOUND
text: He simply stares dolefully.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS (DAY)
text: Bare, unpainted wood. The windows are barred and covered
text: with chain link. The door from the barracks up to the compound
text: passes a small area enclosed by a woven metal strap cage. In
text: this usually sits the WICKER MAN, whom we generally see as a
text: heavy, short shape moving about his own business which is
text: making an endless series of rings or jewelry by hammering
text: coins with the back of a heavy spoon.
text: The door to the barracks locks by the tongue of a strap iron
text: bar that is thrust through a hole in the wicker where the
text: Wicker Man locks it by padlock. Thus he can always see them,
text: but they can't reach him. The single big room is filled with
text: two and even three-tiered bunks. Bare bulbs hang from the
dialog: ceiling.
text: CARR, the floorwalker, a 240 pound behemoth, is indoctrinating
text: the Newmeat while they change into camp clothing: gray twill
text: trousers, shirt and jacket, all numbered, which has been
text: piled on the table. Carr squeegees up and down, a restless
text: man, and CAMERA in following him SHOWS us the room. At the
text: same time, the Wicker Man is moving about the barracks,
text: tapping the floors and bunk posts with a broom handle for
text: signs of tampering. Carr pays no attention to him, addressing
dialog: the Newmeat.
speaker_heading: CARR
dialog: Them clothes has got laundry numbers
dialog: on 'em. You remember your number and
dialog: always wear the ones that has your
dialog: number. Any man forgets his number
text: spends a night in the box.
dialog: (passing out spoons)
dialog: This yere spoon you keep with you
dialog: and any man loses his spoon spends a
text: night in the box. There is no playing
text: grabass or fighting in the building.
dialog: You got a grudge against another man
dialog: you can fight him Saturday afternoon.
dialog: Any man playing grabass or fighting
text: in the building spends a night in
text: the box. First bell is at five minutes
dialog: of eight when you will get in your
dialog: bunk and last bell is at eight...
text: O.S. now are heard the SOUNDS of trucks arriving and the
text: Wicker Man goes back to the wicker.
speaker_heading: CARR
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Any man not in his bunk at eight
dialog: will spend a night in the box. There
dialog: is no smoking in prone position in
dialog: bed. To smoke you must have both
text: legs over the side of your bunk.
dialog: Anyone caught smoking in prone
dialog: position will spend a night in the
dialog: box. You get two sheets. Every
dialog: Saturday you put the clean sheet on
text: the top, the top sheet on the bottom
dialog: and the bottom sheet you turn in to
dialog: the Laundry Boy. Any man who turns
text: in the wrong sheet spends a night in
text: the box. No one will sit on the bunks
text: with dirty pants on. Any man sitting
dialog: on a bunk with dirty pants will spend
dialog: a night in the box. Any man who don't
text: bring back his empty pop bottles
text: spends a night in the box.
text: O.S. now are the SOUNDS of men counting off, filling the air
text: with the apprehension of impending arrival.
speaker_heading: CARR
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Any man loudtalking spends a night
dialog: in the box. You got questions you
dialog: come to me.
dialog: (attentive now)
dialog: I'm Carr, the floorwalker. I'm
dialog: responsible for order in here and
dialog: any man that don't keep order...
text: Luke mouths the next line with him. At the same time, we
text: HEAR the clanking of the Wicker Man's doors opening and the
text: thudding of many steps.
speaker_heading: CARR
text: ...spends a night in the box.
dialog: (to Luke, sincerely)
dialog: I hope you ain't gonna be a hardcase.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: As Luke shrugs the chute bursts open and the Bull Gang rushes
text: in, men trying to get hands clean, urinate and get back out
text: into the chowline. Sudden LOUD CHAOS. The Newmeat are seated
text: on the bench, bewildered, except Luke who grins. Koko spies
text: the Newmeat and is unhappy that there are only four.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: (to Koko)
dialog: Four. You owe me a drink.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (pushing both aside)
dialog: Get outa mah way you don't want a
dialog: wet pocket!
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: (passing the Newmeat)
dialog: Gentlemen, welcome to the Family.
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE
dialog: Any of you guys from Connecticut?
speaker_heading: CARR
dialog: Awright, let's move it along!
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: as the flow of bodies reverses and the men stampede for the
text: chute, going out, adjusting clothing, etc. Dragline shoves
text: Loudmouth Steve along.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Fill your loudmouth with some beans!
text: And they are in the chute. The Newmeat still sit there. .in
text: the empty barracks, the SOUND of men disappearing across the
dialog: yard.
speaker_heading: CARR
dialog: Well, what are you doin' here? You
dialog: supposed to be eatin' them beans!
text: The Newmeat stampede out the chute.
scene_heading: INT. MESS HALL (DUSK)
text: Most of the other men already have their food and are sitting
dialog: down with no jockeying for places: everybody knows. They are
text: shoveling it down as fast as they can, getting back up for
text: seconds. Luke and the other Newmeat get their plates and
text: while the others stand there, confused, Luke sits at the
text: first vacant spot and begins to eat industriously.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: (sotto voce to Dragline)
dialog: Newmeat's a hog-gut.
text: Dragline looks up, goes back to his food. There is an off-
text: stage CRASH.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE TRAMP
text: He is sitting on the floor, between his knees a mess of stew
text: on the floor and his plate upside down. He has made the
text: mistake of taking Dynamite's seat. DYNAMITE, the champion
text: eater, has casually displaced him and is busy chowing. Dogboy
text: is serving; he is the only one to break the rule of silence
dialog: in chowlines.
speaker_heading: DOGBOY
dialog: These pigs is rollin' in thar slops
dialog: now, Boss!
text: Tramp makes terrified and ineffectual efforts to scoop the
text: stew back onto his plate with his hand, wiping his hand on
text: his uniform, etc., then trying to obliterate the stain on
text: the floor with a foot.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS PORCH (NIGHT)
text: The men are being shaken down before entering the barracks
text: for the night. They sit and take off their shoes. They empty
text: their pockets into their caps. Carr inspects shoes, throws
text: them inside door, frisks men who stand with backs turned,
text: arms raised. Then Carr mutters a number.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS (NIGHT)
text: Through the Wicker Cage toward door. As the men enter, stoop
text: to pick up shoes, repeat their number to the Wicker Man, as
text: they go through the chute.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS NEW ANGLE (NIGHT)
text: The men are preparing for their hour of free time. Gambler
text: has layed out the blanket for the poker game and is shuffling
text: cards. Koko and BLIND DICK have their seats, are arranging
text: their piles of change. Luke sits at the other end of the
text: table, past the blanket line. Dragline who has been talking
text: to the Wicker Man now enters casually as we HEAR Dynamite,
text: change in hand, moving to the game berating Tramp.
speaker_heading: DYNAMITE
dialog: Next time you stay outa my place! I
dialog: earned it. You try that agin an'
dialog: I'll bounce you all over the floor.
speaker_heading: TRAMP
dialog: I didn't know. I was hungry.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: You don't take another man's place,
dialog: boy.
speaker_heading: ALIBI
dialog: It wasn't his fault. Nobody said
dialog: anything about seats. We --
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (to Tramp)
dialog: You gotta mind your manners, you
dialog: actin' like a hillbilly tramp.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: (delighted)
dialog: Tramp! Beautiful!
text: Dragline nods.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: (to Tramp)
dialog: You got your bullgang name, boy.
speaker_heading: TRAMP
dialog: (good-naturedly)
dialog: Ain't no worse than some I been
dialog: called.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: In the Navy, we used to call guys --
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Fasten your flap! All you Newmeats
dialog: gonna have to shape up fast and hard
dialog: on this gang. We got rules here an'
dialog: in order to learn them, you gotta
dialog: keep your ears open and your mouths
dialog: shut.
text: Luke snorts.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DRAGLINE
text: looking up as if he has just heard a strange sound.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Somebody say somethin'?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I didn't say nothin', Boss.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Well, whatta we got here?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: A Lucas Jackson.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: (at mirror, back turned)
text: Dragline gives out the names here.
dialog: You'll get yours when he figures you
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (to Luke)
dialog: Maybe we oughta call you No-Ears.
dialog: You don't listen much, do you, boy?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Ain't heard much worth listening to
dialog: yet. Just everybody handing out rules.
text: A feeling of discomfort. Koko assesses Luke, who has remained
text: at the poker table.
speaker_heading: KOKO
text: Newmeat looks like a poker player,
dialog: Drag.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Wouldn't surprise me none.
dialog: (to Luke)
dialog: Wicker Man says you got a hundred-
dialog: twenny and some change in the
dialog: Captain's safe and you got your five
dialog: dollars pocket money... That'll buy
dialog: you a whole fistfull of cards. You
dialog: in or out?
text: Luke stares at him for a beat, then shrugs -- who needs it --
text: and walks over to his bunk.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: Looks like you've got yourself a
dialog: redhot, Dragline.
text: Dragline just stares after Luke.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: (dealing)
dialog: Awright, let's play some poker. First
dialog: Jack is the Man... a trey, a duck, a
dialog: neighter...
text: He continues to call cards as we PAN AWAY and DOWN the bunks
text: showing Alibi writing a letter, Loudmouth Steve reading a
text: sex book, STUPID BLONDIE working a rattleskin wallet, SAILOR
text: removing his pants through his chains, CHIEF rolling
dialog: cigarettes, etc.
scene_heading: CLOSE THE WICKER
text: The shadow of the Wicker Man behind it rises and moves to
text: the tire rim which he beats with a tire iron.
speaker_heading: CLOSE CARR
speaker_heading: CARR
dialog: First bell!
speaker_heading: POKER TABLE
text: The men break it up, some head for the urinal.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LUKE
text: He lies in his bunk staring directly into a flyspecked bulb
text: hanging from the ceiling about eighteen inches from his face.
text: It will be on all night. The tire iron SOUNDS again and men
text: hurry for their bunks.
speaker_heading: CARR (O.S.)
dialog: Last bell. Last bell.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS MED. SHOT
text: Carr moves down the aisle, counting lips moving. The barracks
text: is silent. Finishing the count, Carr goes to the Wicker.
speaker_heading: CARR
dialog: Fifty, Boss.
speaker_heading: WICKER MAN (O.S.)
dialog: Fifty. Okay, Carr.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LUKE
text: staring up at bulb.
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE'S VOICE
dialog: Gittin' up here, Carr.
scene_heading: MOVING CLOSE SHOT CARR
text: Pacing along, his feet squeegeeing on the floor.
speaker_heading: CARR
dialog: Yeeahp.
scene_heading: ANGLE SHOWING LOUDMOUTH STEVE
text: In the sleeping barracks he gets up and moves toward the
dialog: toilets...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BABALUGATS
text: He is crouched in a tortured position to pray, in the space
text: between his bunk and the one above.
speaker_heading: CLOSE LUKE
text: He rolls over and goes to sleep. SOUND OVER: Carr squeegeeing
text: along, the CREAK of the bunks as men toss and turn, the WATER
text: RUNNING in the toilets, the DOGS BARKING a little outside.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON CARR
text: He sits at the poker table. The sound has dropped now in the
text: depth of the night, the chink, chink of the Wicker man
text: stopped. Carr simply sits staring at his half-finished game
text: of solitaire, a card in his hand, his eyes seeing something
text: far distant. He's breathing but he could be carved of stone.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS LONG SHOT BEFORE DAWN (NIGHT)
text: All others sleeping. Carr at poker table. Suddenly the clamor
text: of the iron bar is HEARD.
speaker_heading: CARR
dialog: First bell! First bell! Let's go!
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON ALIBI
text: as, still asleep, he is unceremoniously dumped onto the floor
text: by Carr who goes right by. Pandemonium of rushing men all
dialog: around.
scene_heading: EXT. CHUTE MED. SHOT BEFORE DAWN (NIGHT)
text: Carr is barring the gate with his body. The door outside is
text: unlocked and opened. The gong SOUNDS. Carr opens the gate,
text: steps outside to the porch and the men begin counting out.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS PORCH BEFORE DAWN (NIGHT)
text: The voices continue to count off as the men run to lockers
text: and quickly line up outside the mess hall. Watching them go
dialog: is Boss Godfrey.
speaker_heading: GODFREY'S FACE
text: impassive behind the sunglasses.
scene_heading: EXT. MESS HALL INSIDE YARD BEFORE DAWN (NIGHT)
text: The men pour out. There is a little dawnlight, but the
text: floodlights are still on. The Yard Man opens the gate and
text: the men begin counting off again. Gambler is the last out of
text: the mess hall and gets a kick in the ass from Boss Paul to
dialog: get him up with the others.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CAPTAIN'S PORCH BEFORE DAWN (NIGHT)
text: He sits in his rocket watching. We hear the SOUND of the men
text: counting, clanging of chains.
speaker_heading: TRUCK BEING LOADED (DAWN)
text: The men clamber inside. The Little Bull Gang truck leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD NEAR CAMP
text: Caravan of the Little Bull Gang and Patch Squad trucks moving
text: off down the road into the dawn light.
speaker_heading: INT. TRUCK (DAWN)
text: just as the gate is swung shut. We SEE Godfrey's face looking
text: in, then all is dim and the truck begins to lurch away,
text: gunning fast, throwing the men, searching for their customary
dialog: seats. Chaos.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE'S VOICE
dialog: Git outa my eyeballin' seat, you
dialog: Newmeat dummy!
text: Luke stands, holding a strut in the roof and watching with
text: amusement as Tattoo is shoved away by Dragline, then Koko,
text: and then pushed from man to man as he tries to sit down but
text: always finds a lap in the way. Bawdy laughter; it's a game
text: but earnest. As they settle Tattoo winds up on the floor but
text: grins, understands, finds a place beside Tramp. Across the
text: way Alibi begins a serious conversation with Blind Dick.
speaker_heading: ALIBI
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: Where are we going now?
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE
dialog: It's the Captain's birthday. They're
dialog: takin' us on a picnic.
speaker_heading: ALIBI
dialog: (uncertainly smiling)
dialog: I'm a salesman. I used to drive these
dialog: roads all the time. I never thought --
text: it was an accident, car skidded,
dialog: maybe I'd had a drink or two --
scene_heading: ANGLE ON KOKO, TRAMP, TATTOO
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Man! It's gonna be one hot muther
dialog: today.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: Bears gonna be walkin' the road today.
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: (to Tattoo)
dialog: You ever seen a man bearcaught?
text: Tattoo and Tramp look uncertain, frightened.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
text: All the salt goes outa his body and
dialog: the water follers the salt and the
text: brain shrivels up like a dried pea.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: (trying to ingratiate)
dialog: When I was in the Navy --
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: (to Alibi)
text: Convulsions, shivering. Very
dialog: unpleasant to watch.
speaker_heading: BLIND DICK
dialog: (to Alibi)
dialog: Man's never the same. Makes him lose
dialog: his sex drive.
scene_heading: ON KOKO, OTHERS
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: (to Tramp)
dialog: I'm lucky I got a broom. Work up
dialog: top. Real easy job. Man, it's gonna
dialog: be hot down in that ditch.
speaker_heading: ALIBI
dialog: We work down in the ditch?
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: Ain't you never seen a chain gang,
dialog: in all your driving around?
speaker_heading: TRAMP
dialog: (to Koko)
dialog: I ain't used to hard labor neither.
dialog: Done my best to avoid it.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: I ain't crazy about it myself.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Gonna be a hot one to learn on.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: Koko, why don't you let one of these
dialog: Newmeats take your broom for today?
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Hell, no. I ain't goin' down in the
dialog: ditch.
speaker_heading: TRAMP
dialog: I shore would appreciate it. I ain't
text: in much shape just now.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: What about me?
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: (to Tramp and Tattoo)
dialog: Perhaps if you offered Brother Koko
dialog: a small...
dialog: (makes money gesture)
speaker_heading: TRAMP
dialog: I ain't got much. A quarter?
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (to Koko)
dialog: You was to sell your job, maybe this
dialog: Lucas War Hero would give you a price.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: I'll give you fifty cents.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Fifty cents? Sweet job like that
dialog: worth at least a buck.
speaker_heading: ALIBI
dialog: I'll make it a dollar.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Buck is a deal.
speaker_heading: ALIBI
dialog: (apologetically to
dialog: Tramp, Tattoo)
dialog: I've got this weak heart. Too much
dialog: drinking, I guess. As soon as they
dialog: find out about it, they'll probably
dialog: send me someplace else.
speaker_heading: TRAMP
dialog: If you even need dough in here, I'm
dialog: in big trouble.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (to Dragline)
dialog: Where'd you get that about war hero?
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Oh we got our sources... Tearing the
dialog: heads off... what was it... gumball
dialog: machines? What kind of thing is that
dialog: for a grown man?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (amused by the put-on)
dialog: Well, you know. Small town, not much
dialog: to do in the evenings. Mostly it was
dialog: settling up old scores.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: You'll have to do better than that
dialog: if you want to impress these men.
dialog: Some pretty hard numbers here.
dialog: Dragline's an ex-safe cracker, Koko's
text: a jewel thief. Blind Dick is a rapist.
speaker_heading: BLIND DICK
dialog: (to Luke)
dialog: Show you the clippings some time.
dialog: News-Dispatch called me "The Shiek
dialog: of Simmonsville." Five broads in
dialog: three days...
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: 'Course two of them were sisters.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: Of course some of them, like Stupid
dialog: Blondie, were just unlucky... he
dialog: fell off the fire escape... and one
dialog: or two don't really belong here at
dialog: all...
dialog: (indicates Babalugats)
dialog: ...or myself, who just made the small
dialog: error of misspelling a friend's
dialog: name... on a check.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Hey, Koko. You hear that? All this
dialog: time I been thinkin' Society just
dialog: come here for the sun and exercise.
text: Everyone laughs.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (to Luke who is smiling)
dialog: Whatta you so happy about?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I just always did like truck rides.
scene_heading: EXT. CLAYPIT ROAD (JUST AFTER SUNRISE)
text: as the trucks pull up and stop and the men pour out, picking
text: up tools for the day's work.
scene_heading: EXT. TOOL TRUCK
text: The guards for the day are: Paul, Kean, Higgins and Godfrey.
text: As the men move through the line for tools, Alibi approaches
dialog: Boss Paul:
speaker_heading: ALIBI
dialog: Boss, I made an arrangement with
dialog: that man to take his broom.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: (shoving him along)
dialog: Git your shovel and git to work.
speaker_heading: ALIBI
dialog: I don't think you understand. We
dialog: made a deal ---
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: (canes him on the leg)
dialog: Git movin', I said.
speaker_heading: ALIBI
dialog: (in pain)
dialog: But I made this arrangement --
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: (shoving him)
dialog: Cut that backsass!
text: Alibi sees the light, accepts a shovel and walks off
text: resentfully to where the others are working, casting hurt,
text: angry looks at Koko and Society who ignore him.
text: THE SUN COMES UP
text: in Godfrey's glasses, and we SEE the gang begin their work.
text: In VARIOUS CUTS, in each of which the sun leaps forward,
text: time passing inexorably...
scene_heading: FULL SHOT: THE GANG
text: rhythmically working away.
speaker_heading: CLOSE: ALIBI
text: Trying to pretend to work, not doing it well and getting a
text: passing cut from Boss Paul's cane. Resentfully, he goes at
text: it, sweating heavily.
speaker_heading: CLOSE: LUKE
text: He is working hard but badly, unused to the awkward tool,
text: trying to master it. Society Red works up behind him.
scene_heading: LUKE AND SOCIETY
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: You're working too hard. You won't
dialog: last two hours. Watch the way the
dialog: Human Dragline does it.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DRAGLINE
text: He is whipping away with apparently effortless ease but
text: accomplishing more than the others.
speaker_heading: THE ROAD
text: An open red Continental with kit zips past, the driver
text: grinning at the Gang.
speaker_heading: CLOSE: TATTOO
text: He is suffering along, sweat pouring off him. The sun is
text: beginning to really beat down now. Dragline works a little
text: behind him.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Takin' it off here, Boss!
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Yeah, take it off there.
text: He takes off his jacket and tosses it to the edge of the
text: road where Dogboy collects it. Tattoo decides to imitate,
text: tentatively.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: Takin' it off here, Boss?
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Yeah, take if off there.
text: He strips, revealing a tattoo of "Mother" lodged thornlike
text: in his flesh and a great garland of flowers and a girl on
text: his chest.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (sotto voce)
dialog: Hey, turn around! Let Koko see the
dialog: broad.
speaker_heading: CLOSE TATTOO
text: turning so Koko can see, grinning, stopping work.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Beautiful! A real work of art!
speaker_heading: BLIND DICK
dialog: (low voice)
dialog: Nice broad. Good set.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: (proudly, flexing it)
dialog: Had it done in Singapore. Bunch of
dialog: us drunk as coots --
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (hissing)
dialog: Hey, Tattoo!
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: (not hearing)
dialog: -- went down to see this old hag and
dialog: she had needles the size of that
dialog: cane.
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Hey. Swing that yoyo or you gonna
dialog: get a taste of that cane.
text: Tattoo realizes where he is and goes back to work.
speaker_heading: MOVING SHOT TRAMP (LATER)
text: as he seems to spin, his eyes closed, his arms limp, his
text: head lolling back, he stumbles, twists, careens.
speaker_heading: CLOSE DRAGLINE
dialog: seeing this.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Man bearcaught, boss!
speaker_heading: CLOSE BOSS KEAN
speaker_heading: BOSS KEAN
dialog: Blondie... Sleepy! Git him afore he
dialog: falls.
scene_heading: STUPID BLONDIE AND SLEEPY
text: They drop their tools and rush over as Tramp falls. Without
text: ceremony, they drag him over the rough ground to the truck,
text: where Boss Paul locks him in.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
text: He is watching Luke, who is very close to the same fate.
text: Although he has achieved some grace, it is apparent that
text: Luke is working too strenuously, too determined.
scene_heading: MED. SHOT BOSS KEAN
text: He reaches into his pocket and takes out a turnip watch,
text: looks to Godfrey, who nods.
speaker_heading: BOSS KEAN
dialog: Awright, let's eat them beans!
text: The men break and head for the chow line.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LUKE
text: He has dropped to the ground, examining a blister on his
text: hand. At Boss Kean's call, he looks up, ruefully resentful,
text: and gets to his feet and slowly walks to the chow line.
speaker_heading: BOSS KEAN'S VOICE
dialog: Hey, you. Bean time!
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (eyeing Luke, to
dialog: Gambler)
dialog: Cold drink he don't make it.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: Bet. Babalugats, bet!
text: Babalugats grins. Dragline has his chow, passes Luke.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: You got to snag it, man. You got to
dialog: stop foolin' around and tear up them
dialog: weeds.
text: Luke stumbles past, not paying attention.
text: FULL SHOT GANG WORKING
text: It is later in the afternoon.
scene_heading: ON STUPID BLONDIE
text: He stops.
speaker_heading: STUPID BLONDIE
dialog: Caught short here, boss!
speaker_heading: ANGLE BOSS KEAN
speaker_heading: BOSS KEAN
dialog: Awright, Blondie. Take it behind
dialog: that tree.
scene_heading: ON STUPID BLONDIE
text: He drops his tool and gratefully trots off in the direction
dialog: of the tree.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LUKE
text: It is later. He is working hard, stops a minute as he HEARS
text: a crow cawing overhead. He looks up at it.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT GODFREY
text: He snaps his fingers.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LUKE, TATTOO, KOKO, OTHERS
text: looking up as Rabbitt goes to the truck and gets out a single
text: action rifle which he brings to Godfrey, who puts in a bolt
text: and bullets from his pocket.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: Who's that?
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Boss Godfrey.
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
text: The walking boss.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: Don't he ever talk?
text: Godfrey has raised the gun and now FIRES.
text: INSERT CROW ON THE WING
text: It is hit, explodes in a burst of feathers.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LUKE AND TATTOO
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I believe he just said something.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
dialog: FULL SHOT THE MEN
text: working, Luke flailing away like an automaton.
scene_heading: INT. THE TRUCK (AFTERNOON)
text: as it is opened from the outside. Tramp sits up against the
text: bench, still in rocky shape from his collapse. The others
text: step over him as though he weren't there. Luke appears, like
text: a sleepwalker. He grabs the side rails, gets one foot up and
text: tries to pull himself over the edge of the truck body. But
text: the muscles are just used up. Boss Paul sees this and gives
text: Luke a kick, timed so that it coincides with his jump. It
dialog: gives him just the added momentum needed to send him over
text: the edge of the body and sprawling along the floor. He's the
text: last one and as the guards lock them up, he grins up at
text: Dragline and Gambler from his prone position.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (to Dragline)
dialog: You owe that fella a cold drink.
text: The men are not tired, they smoke and talk and laugh: it's
dialog: been an easy day.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Hot damn, Drag. Tomorrow's Saturday.
dialog: Another week almost made.
speaker_heading: ALIBI
dialog: (hopelessly)
dialog: I got two years.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Only two? Man, I already done eight.
dialog: Nothin' to it. Just make the days
dialog: and let the weeks and the years make
dialog: themselves.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: I did three hitches in the Navy. It
dialog: ain't bad. After a while, you get
dialog: used to it and the time --
text: Koko is looking out the back of the truck.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Oh, man, oh man. Look at that. On
dialog: the bicycle. Lookit them shorts. I'm
dialog: dyin'.
text: The men rush to look out at the vision of freedom on the
dialog: bike.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (knowledgeably)
dialog: She looks just like a lil girl I
dialog: useta know named Louise Merryweather.
dialog: Fine lil ol' girl, always partial to
dialog: home-made whiskey. Remember one time
dialog: down in the cellar, both of us knee-
dialog: walkin' drunk and ah had this lil
dialog: pint and Louise wanted a poke of it.
dialog: So ah said: you wanna poke and I
dialog: wanna poke, so...
text: He starts his story. On the floor, Luke sleeps.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON YARD LATE (AFTERNOON)
text: as they are counting in through the gate, their hats with
text: their personal possessions in them held out to be inspected,
text: their pockets turned out. A guard frisks them quickly but
text: efficiently. The Captain stands nearby ignoring them, testing
text: a golf swing. The men move to the mess hall, most of them on
text: the run. Luke moves painfully with exhaustion. Alibi seems
text: quiet and cowed, lost in the crowd. They fall into a line at
text: the mess hall door. Dynamite, his spoon out, moves to the
text: front of the line and Luke winds up somewhere near the rear.
speaker_heading: BOSS HIGGINS
dialog: (yardman)
dialog: Awright, you, Gibson, step out. Boss
dialog: Paul says you wasn't happy with your
dialog: job. Done a lot of complainin'. Gone
dialog: give you a chance to think it over.
text: Alibi looks around, fearfully steps out, peering up and down
text: the line, wondering.
speaker_heading: BOSS HIGGINS
dialog: Get them clothes off.
text: Alibi is led to the box. A light stands about it shining
text: down into it and it always burns when the box is ready to be
text: used or when there's someone inside. Now a nightshirt is
text: laid out on top of it. Alibi strips and puts on the pajamas.
text: Boss Kean opens the heavy lid of the box and we see it is
text: grilled with heavy chain link fencing and with strap iron
text: bars. A chamber pot is put inside. Alibi stands in the box,
text: looking back at them, then lies down out of sight. The lid
text: is slammed shut.
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT
text: The men watching this. The mess hall door opens and they
text: begin to file in.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS (NIGHT)
text: as the Wicker Man whales away at his tire rim outside the
dialog: barracks.
speaker_heading: CARR
dialog: Awright, first bell! Let's hit them
dialog: bunks!
text: The men are piling into bunks and the CAMERA FINDS Luke
text: heaving himself with a kind of rueful amusement up to the
text: third tier bunk he sleeps in; he's exhausted.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
text: Plumb busted out. Looks like the
dialog: hard road finally got to Mister Lucas
dialog: War Hero.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (agreeably)
dialog: Back at it in the mornin'. Just need
dialog: a little nap...
text: He lies back. Across him and in various perspectives are the
text: other participants in this conversation, speaking in the
text: ventriloquist's whisper while the stragglers get into the
dialog: sack.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Man, I never thought they'd put him
text: in the box on his first day.
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE
dialog: It was just supposed to be a joke.
dialog: There ain't no brooms. Whoever heard
dialog: of a chain gang using brooms?
speaker_heading: TRAMP
dialog: I gotta tell you that I believed it.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: He should have known; it was a gag.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: You can't switch 'round jobs, anyway.
dialog: I figured he knew that.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: You can't expect him to learn
dialog: everything the first day. Hopefully
dialog: it's taught him a very valuable
dialog: lesson.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well, you fixed it up so he's got
dialog: all night to think about it.
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE
dialog: It's not our fault he's a square.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Course not. He ain't in the box 'cause
dialog: a the joke played on him. He's there
dialog: 'cause he back sassed a Free Man.
dialog: They got their rules and we ain't
dialog: got nothing to do with that. Woulda
dialog: probably happened to him sooner or
text: later, to a complainer like him.
dialog: He's gotta learn the rules same as
dialog: anybody else.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah, those poor old guards need all
dialog: the help they can get.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: You tryin' to say somethin'?
text: Luke rolls over and goes to sleep.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (to his back)
dialog: You jus' keep flapping your mouth
dialog: and one of these times, you and me
dialog: gonna raise a little dust.
text: The Wicker Man begins hitting the tire rim again.
speaker_heading: CARR
dialog: Awright, last bell!
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: CARR
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Forty-nine and one in the box, Boss!
speaker_heading: WICKER MAN'S VOICE
dialog: Forty-nine and one in the box. Right,
dialog: Carr.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD CLOSEUP YOYO TRANSITIONAL DEVICE (DAY)
text: It slashes away like a pendulum, golden in the sun, TICKING
text: away time, over roads that stretch to infinity -- a SHOT
dialog: that will always tell us that the men are building time.
text: SHOT WIDENS. The gang is laboring, filling in washouts by
text: the roadside. The bosses are Paul, Kean, Higgins, and, always,
dialog: Godfrey, the Walking Boss.
speaker_heading: CLOSE LUKE
text: He is tanned and hardened now, and has mastered the work
text: rhythm. SHOT WIDENS to show Dragline near him, checking his
text: shovel for nicks but really eyeballing a passing car. In the
text: ditch, Luke expertly scoops up a shovel full of sand and,
text: levering the handle on his knee, flips the sand through the
text: air so it hits spang in the pan of Dragline's shovel while
text: Dragline is still eyeballing. It knocks him off balance and
text: by the time he has caught up, Luke is already catching him
text: with another shovel full.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Slow down, man. They ain't passing
text: out medals for slinging dirt.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I thought you knew, boy... they
dialog: sentenced me by the mile.
text: Dragline grins at this insouciance, sneaks a look down the
text: road. He digs into his pocket and hauls out a pair of salvaged
text: sunglasses, which he holds up.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Puttin' 'em on here, Boss!
speaker_heading: BOSS KEAN'S VOICE
dialog: Yeah, put 'em on, Drag!
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE DRAGLINE, LUKE
text: as Dragline hooks on the glasses. Luke, Tattoo and Tramp are
dialog: working around here.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (to Tramp)
dialog: Lookit that. Some Hollywood movie
dialog: star jus' joined up with us.
text: Tramp smiles.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (to Koko)
dialog: Man, this here Newmeat parking meter
dialog: bandit thing what calls itself Luke
dialog: don't know nuthin' 'bout nuthin'.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (to Tramp)
dialog: But damn if he don't look like a fat
dialog: old Dragline.
speaker_heading: TRAMP
dialog: Coulda fooled me.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (to Tattoo)
dialog: These is my eyeballin' glasses. Now
dialog: I'm gonna play peek-a-boo and ol'
dialog: Godfrey ain't gonna know if I'm
dialog: eyeballin' or tootin' the piccolo.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: That ain't nuthing compared to what
dialog: we used to do in San Pedro. There
dialog: was this ensign...
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (has been sniffing
dialog: the air)
dialog: Ah believe I smell me a blonde-haired
dialog: lady.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BULL GANG
text: They all look up covertly and, sure enough, in the second
text: car slowed down by Rabbit's sign, is a lush BLONDE in a sun
text: dress that is hiked up high on the thighs and cut low over
text: the bosom. She cringes under their gaze and starts the top
text: going up on the car as though to hide from them.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Man, see her legs. She's tanned all
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: BLIND DICK
dialog: Nice broad. Nice set.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
text: She looks just like Mrs. Patricia
dialog: Handy, a married woman... I useta
dialog: fool with. Man, I kin sniff blondes
text: from a hunnert yards and redheads
text: from a mile and a half.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: (to Tattoo)
dialog: Drag's been chain-ganging so long
text: he's got a nose like a bloodhound.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Maybe he's been chain-ganging too
dialog: long.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
text: Long enough to see redhots come and
text: redhots go.
text: The car begins to move away. They sigh. The work begins again.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE ON GANG
text: Time has passed; they are further down the road. A small
text: blue coupe kicks up dust as it jitters down the road and
text: stops across the highway before a small home. A blonde, mid-
text: twenties, gets out, and heads covertly look up.
scene_heading: THE BULL GANG
text: The woman is too much for them, too close, too blonde, too
text: lush. They stop as one and watch as she disappears into the
dialog: house.
speaker_heading: CLOSE GODFREY
text: Seeing their odd behavior, he turns to see what's happening
text: but the woman is gone; when he turns back, the men's heads
dialog: are back down.
scene_heading: DRAGLINE, KOKO, LUKE, OTHERS
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Oh, man, did you see her? Did you
dialog: see her?
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: I got eyes, don't I? How my not gonna
dialog: see something like that?
speaker_heading: BLIND DICK
dialog: Nice broad. Good set.
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE
dialog: How could you tell? You could hardly
dialog: see her.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: She's back!
text: Heads pop up again as the blonde comes out of the house, now
text: dressed in a short house dress, carrying a radio, a pail and
text: a sponge. She is clearly buxom. She goes to the outside
text: faucet, fills the bucket and drags the attached hose toward
dialog: the car.
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE
dialog: Look at that!
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Shut up, you loudmouth jerk!
speaker_heading: THE BLONDE
text: She begins to hose the dusty car, splashing herself, making
text: the cotton dress cling to her body, tossing her hair, every
text: movement and gesture erotic and provocative.
speaker_heading: THE MEN
text: Their work is completely disorganized as they attempt to
text: shovel while watching. Their voices overlap.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Man Oh Man.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That is one mean lady. Bet her husband
dialog: spends one day a week shooting
dialog: milkmen.
speaker_heading: BLIND DICK
dialog: Lookit her bounce.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: Oh lean over here, lady. Lean this
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: TRAMP
dialog: I wouldn't mind being that hose.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: More... a little more.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: I don't know if I believe it.
speaker_heading: BLONDIE
dialog: She's so big!
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: Now lean down... a little more.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Lookit that little honeypot. Lookit
dialog: those legs.
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: Oh man, I ain't never been so thirsty
dialog: in my life.
speaker_heading: THE BLONDE
text: She begins to rub the windshield erotically.
speaker_heading: BLIND DICK
dialog: Oh rub.
speaker_heading: SLEEPY
dialog: Rub.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Rub!
speaker_heading: BABALUGATS
dialog: Rub-a-dub-dub. Rub-a-dub-dub.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: I'm dyin'. I'm dyin'!
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Look, she's got paint on her toenails!
dialog: Oh Lord, whatever I done, don't strike
dialog: me blind for 'nother couple minutes.
dialog: Oh you Lucille!
scene_heading: DRAGLINE AND LUKE
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Lucille? Where do you get that?
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (whirling)
dialog: That'sa Lucille, you mullet head!
dialog: Any girl so innocent and built like
dialog: that gotta be named Lucille.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Innocent?
speaker_heading: BLIND DICK
dialog: She don't even know what she's doin!.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: She knows exactly what she's doin.
dialog: She's drivin' you crazy and lovin'
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Shut your mouth 'bout my Lucille.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Your Lucille? Man, you better put
text: them glasses back on and take a look
dialog: at yourself.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (glaring)
dialog: Boy. You jus' asking to be handled!
scene_heading: P.O.V. MEN TO GIRL
text: as Godfrey moves across the scene, blocking their view,
text: staring at them, FILLING THE SCREEN.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. SHOWERS (NIGHT)
text: Trashing bodies and heads in the steam. Feeling of tension,
text: irritation, except for Babalugats, who is SINGING.
speaker_heading: SLEEPY
dialog: Babalugats, shut up.
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: Leave him alone. He's happy.
speaker_heading: SLEEPY
dialog: That's because he's a damn moron.
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE
dialog: Now why don't you just shut up?
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS (NIGHT)
text: The men are in their bunks, sullen, quiet as the tire iron
speaker_heading: SOUNDS.
speaker_heading: CARR
dialog: Awright, last bell.
text: Carr paces, counting. Beds SQUEAK as men turn restlessly,
text: unable to get comfortable. At the far end of the barracks, a
text: slow-turning fan CREAKS gratingly. It will continue to do so
text: throughout the scene, adding irritation to Carr's SQUEEGEEING
text: steps and the regular SQUEAKING of bedsprings.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON MEN
text: restless, irritated.
speaker_heading: CARR'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Fifty, Boss.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE ON MEN
speaker_heading: WICKERMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Fifty, right, Carr.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON KOKO
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Man, it's so hot.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE ON MEN
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: Gettin' up, Carr.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT BARRACKS
text: as Carr paces, SQUEEGEEING. The fan CREAKS. Springs SQUEAK.
speaker_heading: CARR
dialog: Yeahhpp.
text: Gambler gets up, chains JANGLING.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE ON MEN
text: uncomfortable, tense, shifting.
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE
dialog: Giddyap, Carr.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE ON MEN
speaker_heading: CARR'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Yeahhpp.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE ON MEN
text: Tramp turns, irritated, as Carr SQUEEGEES by.
speaker_heading: TRAMP
dialog: How can you sleep with that damn
dialog: squeaking!
scene_heading: FULL SHOT BARRACKS
text: Carr pacing. SQUEEGEEING, the fan CREAKING, springs SQUEAKING.
speaker_heading: DYNAMITE'S VOICE
dialog: Gettin' up, Carr.
speaker_heading: CARR
dialog: Yeahhp.
text: Dynamite gets up, chains JANGLING.
speaker_heading: ON FAN
text: It is turning slowly, CREAKING, CREAKING, CREAKING. And now
text: on the SOUNDTRACK we HEAR low at first, but steadily building,
text: the tinny SOUND of the Blonde Girl's radio.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON MEN
text: tense, annoyed, frustrated as the SOUND of the RADIO GROWS,
text: joining the CREAKING, SQUEAKING and SQUEEGEEING.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DRAGLINE
text: as Carr passes by. He speaks in a low whisper.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Man, that lil Lucille was a lot of
dialog: lil girl.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON MEN
text: some turning away, not wanting to be reminded, some staring
text: ahead unhappily, thinking the same thing.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: You see how she was jus' poppin'
dialog: outa the top of that dress.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON KOKO
text: irritated, anxious.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Aw, come on, Drag.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DRAGLINE
text: not paying attention.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: And down below, that thing didn't
dialog: reach no higher than...
dialog: (chuckles)
dialog: She liable to catch cold... runnin'
dialog: around like that.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON MEN
text: irritated by Dragline's voice and the SQUEEGEEING and the
text: SQUEAKING and CREAKING and the RADIO SOUND, tinny and grating,
text: growing in volume.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE'S VOICE
dialog: ...And that thing was so tight 'cross
dialog: her bottom... made me wanna just
dialog: reach out my hands and...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LUKE
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Forget it, man.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DRAGLINE
text: suddenly angry.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Whatta you mean, forget it?
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LUKE
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Stop beatin', man. You ain't doin'
dialog: nobody no good.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DRAGLINE
text: his face corroding in fury as the RADIO SOUND and the
text: CREAKING, SQUEAKING and SQUEEGEEING are at an unbearable
dialog: peak.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (with slow menace)
dialog: Boy, you better get some sleep and
dialog: save your strength. 'Cause you're
dialog: gonna need it.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: ANGLE ON FAN CLOSE
text: As the SOUNDS threaten to burst our ears with their high-
text: pitched tension, the CAMERA MOVES SLOWLY into the hub of the
text: fan and our nerves scream for relief.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
text: EXT. BARRACKS CLOSE ON LUKE AS GLOVE SMASHES INTO HIS FACE
speaker_heading: (DAY)
text: and Luke falls back into the dirt. He's hurt, startled, but
text: grins. We HEAR a CHEER from the men O.S., as he gets up. He
text: is stripped to the waist, wears huge 16 oz. boxing gloves.
speaker_heading: FULLER ANGLE
text: showing Dragline similarly dressed. They are squared off in
text: the yard, surrounded by YELLING men who want blood. It is a
text: release from the sexual tension built up by the night before.
text: The guards stand in the guard boxes, watching. The Captain
text: sits up on his porch, so he can see without being too obvious.
text: Luke gets up and manages a lunging right across to Dragline's
text: Adam's apple. Dragline is momentarily staggered but counters
text: with a terrible clubbing blow that mashes Luke's gloves into
text: his face, knocking him to the ground. Time is called for the
dialog: round.
text: LUKE AND OTHERS BEHIND HIM
text: as he gets to his feet.
speaker_heading: TRAMP
dialog: Why don't you just stay there? He's
dialog: only gonna knock you down agin.
speaker_heading: ALIBI
dialog: It's not your fault. He's just too
dialog: big.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: Let him hit you in the nose, get
dialog: some blood flowing. Maybe they'll
dialog: stop it before he kills you.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (shaking his head,
dialog: grinning)
dialog: I don't want to frighten him.
text: The second round is called and Luke advances toward Dragline.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT LUKE, DRAGLINE
text: circling. Luke has to get in his shot before Dragline gets
text: too close and clubs him again. He feints a punch that moves
text: Dragline off-balance and winds up for a big one, but Dragline
text: smashes him backhand. Luke hits the dirt, the men SCREAM AND
text: YELL. Wiping some blood from his mouth, Luke rises again. He
text: is dizzy. Dragline smacks him down again.
speaker_heading: THE MEN
text: SHOUTING, SHRIEKING, they have blood in their eyes, releasing
dialog: their tensions.
scene_heading: INTERCUT THE VARIOUS REACTIONS
text: as the fight continues. The Captain on his porch rocks and
text: spits dry little spouts of wind, Godfrey, impassive, waiting
text: in his guard house. The YELLING gradually subsides as Dragline
text: continues to smash Luke, who keeps getting up.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DRAGLINE
text: Without relish, he pokes Luke down again. Now there is no
text: cheering, no yelling, just silence.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CAPTAIN
text: as he gets up and walks down to the wire where he can see
text: what is happening. The silence disturbs him.
speaker_heading: ON LUKE
text: He rises, grinning and winds up to throw another punch. But
text: the act of lifting his giant glove is a Herculean task.
text: Seconds go by in which he tries to raise the glove high enough
text: to launch a punch.
speaker_heading: ON DRAGLINE
text: waiting, gloves at waist level, poised.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (low)
dialog: Ommana pop you one easy. Stay down.
text: He pops Luke who reels, goes down on a knee and then slowly
text: rises, rises. Dragline is honestly agonized.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: I'm gonna kill you, you go on...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That's what you're gonna have to do.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CAPTAIN
dialog: concerned.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BOSS GODFREY
text: impassive.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DRAGLINE
text: He raises his fists. But Luke is up again. Dragline realizes
text: he'll have to kill him to beat him. After a long moment,
text: Dragline drops his hands to his sides, looks back toward
text: Godfrey and the captain and then starts walking to the
dialog: barracks, fast.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LUKE
text: He looks after him and reaches up to wipe the blood away,
text: still grinning.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS (NIGHT)
text: The poker game. Five card stud. Playing are Gambler, Koko,
text: Dynamite, Blind Dick and Luke, bandaged. The mood of the
text: barracks is quieter than usual. The men are still assessing
text: the fight, uncertain as to who now is their leader, looking
text: toward Dragline for an indication. Not playing, Dragline
text: lies on his bunk behind Koko, sullenly reading a sex book.
text: Gambler deals the third cards.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: Ana paira ninas. Koko's the brains.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Cuter.
text: Dynamite is already out. Blind Dick now folds.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
text: Ace calls.
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: Kick a buck.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: (considers, then chips)
dialog: I'm in.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: Ace calls. Here we go.
dialog: (deals Luke)
text: King-five gets a tray for no help.
dialog: (deals Koko)
dialog: Paira ninas gets a Jack.
dialog: (deals himself)
dialog: Ana man with the ace gets... slop in
text: the face... Ninas up.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: (regarding Luke)
text: Cuter again.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: Call.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (expressionless)
text: Kick a buck.
text: Koko is worried. He looks at his hole card, considers, long
text: silence. Dragline looks over from his bunk.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (to Koko)
dialog: Whatcha got?
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Pair'a nines.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: I kin see that, brick head. I mean
dialog: your hole card.
text: Koko hands it over his shoulder to Dragline, who now sits up
dialog: to consider the whole situation.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Uh-huh. And he ain't got nothing
text: showing. Raise his head off.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: He's been betting his head from the
dialog: gun. Gotta have kings.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: So then you just call him.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: (chipping)
dialog: I call.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: (studies Luke's cards)
dialog: I gotta believe. Out!
dialog: (folds)
dialog: Now they're rollin'.
dialog: (deals Luke)
dialog: King-five-four gets an eight.
dialog: (deals Koko)
dialog: Pair'a nines with a Jack gets a four.
text: Ninas still up.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: (tentatively)
dialog: Cuter.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (automatically)
text: Kick a buck.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Damn.
text: He looks up to Dragline for help.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Kick him back a buck!
text: Koko looks uncertain, but listens.
speaker_heading: KOKO
text: Back a buck.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (automatically)
text: Kick a buck.
text: Koko looks up to Dragline: What do we do now?
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Don't look at me, mullet-head.
text: Koko looks to the others.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: Man, you play like a kokonut. You
dialog: got to call him at least.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: I know he's got a paira kings. He
dialog: don't have to stick 'em in my ear.
speaker_heading: BLIND DICK
dialog: Gotta have kings.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: Sure he's got kings but you still
dialog: gotta call him.
text: Koko looks back to Dragline.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Man's got a paira kings, get your
text: tail out.
text: Koko folds. Luke reaches for the pot at the same time that
text: Dragline reaches for Luke's cards.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Nuthin'! A handfull of nuthin'!
dialog: (cuffs Koko)
dialog: You stupid mullet-head. He beat you
dialog: with nuthin'! Just like today when
text: he kept coming back at me.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Nuthin' can be a pretty cool hand.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Cool Hand Luke.
text: So saying, Dragline saves face and the baton of leadership
text: is passed.
scene_heading: EXT. YOYO SHIMMERING IN THE SUN TRANSITIONAL DEVICE (DAY)
dialog: swinging away the time...
scene_heading: INSERT: ROAD MOVING SHOT DAY
text: SHOOTING THROUGH cage truck, as it moves swiftly along, the
text: landscape a blur of shadows and racing phone poles, etc.,
text: the men shadows slouched on their benches inside.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: BEARCAUGHT AVENUE
text: This is a country road running over rolling moors, land open
text: to the sky and sun, the roads reaching out to infinity. The
text: cage truck rolls to the end of the road and stops. Stretching
text: out on either side of the road, every five feet is a pyramid
text: of freshly dumped sand.
text: ANGLE ON REAR OF TRUCK
text: as the bull gang gets down, looks at the sand, are given
text: shovels.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Oh no, man! Not on this hot muther.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: All the bears gonna be walking today.
speaker_heading: ALIBI
dialog: (nervously)
dialog: What's the deal?
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Tar truck.
text: At these bleak words, over the last rise comes a filthy
text: blackened tank truck with a fire in its belly and an array
text: of pipes and valves at its rear, like a hellish beetle.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: (to Tattoo, Tramp,
dialog: Alibi)
dialog: You think you've been working hard.
dialog: This muther'll break your back.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: This is a big day for the guards.
dialog: They get to remind us who's boss.
speaker_heading: TRAMP
dialog: I ain't forgot.
speaker_heading: ON THE MEN
text: as the truck driver makes adjustments in the heater, flame,
dialog: etc.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Awright, every second man, git to
text: the other side of the road.
text: Dragline, Dynamite, Gambler, Tattoo, Loudmouth Steve, Alibi,
text: Sleepy, Stupid Blondie and Chief cross over, leaving Luke,
text: Koko, Society Red, Tramp, Babalugats, Blind Dick, Mechanic
text: and Sailor. The tar truck begins to move slowly down the
text: road, spreading a black, hot, acrid wake behind it.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: (continuing; with
dialog: undisguised malice)
dialog: Captain heard this gang been doin'
dialog: so good, gave us this special job.
dialog: We got three miles of tarrin' to
dialog: cover today. Let's roll it!
text: NEW ANGLE ON THE MEN
text: They begin to work, digging a shovel-full of sand, fanning
text: it out over the hot tar, moving up to the next pile. Luke
text: and Dragline in the lead of their respective groups. The
text: guards move up along the ridges behind the men, urging them
text: to move faster, caning the slow workers.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Let's git with it!
speaker_heading: BOSS SHORTY
dialog: Roll it, heah?
speaker_heading: ANGLE GODFREY
text: He is at the rear of the columns, walking down the center of
text: the road. With his stick he points to spots where the tar
text: has not been covered and the nearest man flicks a spray of
text: sand over it.
text: ON LUKE WITH KOKO AND SOCIETY RED LATER
text: They are working steadily but it is hot, hard, back-breaking
text: labor. Koko stops for a moment to rub his arm.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Oh man. I'm gonna twist my arm off
dialog: if this heat don't kill me first.
text: Boss Paul canes him across the legs.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Roll it!
speaker_heading: ON DRAGLINE
text: sweating and suffering across the road, just keeping up with
dialog: Luke.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Hey, buddy. Take it easy. You're
dialog: making me look bad.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: The man wants speed, let's give it
text: to him. Ram it in and break it off.
dialog: Go hard. Shag it.
text: Dragline begins to work harder, digging and fanning, keeping
text: pace with Luke.
scene_heading: ON DRAGLINE AND DYNAMITE
speaker_heading: DYNAMITE
dialog: (panting)
dialog: Whatta we racin' for?
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Man wants speed, let's give it to
dialog: him. Use that shovel like you use
dialog: your spoon. Shag it, man!
text: Dynamite understands and throws himself into it.
dialog: FULL SHOT THE MEN
text: up to their waists in smoke and dust, splattered with tar,
text: working like devils as the word passes down the line.
speaker_heading: BLIND DICK
dialog: (to Society Red)
dialog: Go hard!
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: (to Tattoo)
dialog: Ram it in and break it off!
speaker_heading: ALIBI
dialog: (to Sleepy)
dialog: Roll it!
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE
dialog: Shag it!
text: They are all working like hell.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BOSS PAUL
text: He looks confused, concerned by this sudden manic activity.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BOSS GODFREY
text: forced to walk faster to keep up, finding no unsanded spots
text: for his sorcerer's wand.
scene_heading: ON LUKE, DRAGLINE, OTHERS
text: enjoying the guard's confusion.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (to Luke)
dialog: They don't know iff'n to smile, spit
dialog: or swallow.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: They ain't never seen a bull gang
dialog: before.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: Work those shovels instead of your
dialog: mouths.
text: WORKING ON BEARCAUGHT AVENUE
text: Essentially a MONTAGE, a wild insane ballet of labor as led
text: by Luke and Dragline, the bull gang throws itself into the
text: madness, muttering Luke's words of inspiration to each other
text: and loving the guards' confusion. (SONG ON SOUND TRACK)
speaker_heading: TRAMP
dialog: Go hard!
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: Ram it in...
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: Break it off...
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: Roll it!
speaker_heading: DYNAMITE
dialog: Shag it!
speaker_heading: STUPID BLONDIE
dialog: Move it!
text: Luke grins and works. The guards are tense and uneasy and
text: walk the road backward, not daring to turn their backs on
text: these madmen. Rabbit runs around with his water bucket but
text: the men don't drink, just upturn the water over their faces
dialog: and keep going.
speaker_heading: ON BOSS PAUL
text: confused, angry, has not been able to cane anyone in an hour.
text: As Rabbit rushes by:
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Rabbit! What the hell's goin' on?
speaker_heading: RABBIT
dialog: (knows but isn't saying)
dialog: I don't know, Boss. They must be
text: bearcaught. All of them.
text: He rushes off, as caught up in the esprit as the others.
scene_heading: WORKING AGAIN
text: More of the madness but now even faster, sweatier, wilder.
text: The men are bearcaught by their sudden power to confound the
text: guards. ALL SHOTS FAVORING Luke, splattered with tar, working
text: right behind the truck.
speaker_heading: ON GODFREY
text: Replacing his stick with a rifle, as tense and uncertain as
text: the other bosses, staring at Luke with blank, hating eyes.
speaker_heading: ON LUKE
text: as he looks up just as the tar truck turns off the road which
text: has ended, crossed by a small highway. They have finished.
text: Luke stands straight, looking out across the highway to the
text: rolling green beyond. Dragline works up to him.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Where'd the road go?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That's it. That's the end.
speaker_heading: KOKO
text: But there's still daylight left.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (checking the sun)
dialog: 'Bout two hours left.
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE
dialog: What do we do now?
text: Luke has been looking at the guards who have grouped in
text: conference around Boss Paul who has his watch out. They look
text: concerned, gesticulating toward Luke and the others.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Nothin'.
text: The others understand. They have beaten the Free Men by
text: working harder. They all collapse on the ground, rolling
text: about, dazed, tired but happy as hell, laughing.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Oh, Luke, you wild beautiful thing!
dialog: You crazy handful of nuthin'!
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS (DAY)
text: Sunday afternoon scene. The chain men are dancing, jingling.
text: Three RADIOS BLARE in different corners; a hell-fire preacher
text: where Deacon and Society Red sit working a letter; romantic
dialog: ballads (Near You, Heart Aches by Ted Weeks, etc.) for the
dialog: men reading fuck books; rhythm and blues, country music for
text: a couple of wrestlers, banging into bunks until one depants
text: the other and runs off. CAMERA FOLLOWS THIS ACTION SHOWING
text: the scene. Other men rolling cigarettes, Dynamite still on
text: his rattlesnake wallet, Koko cutting hair, using a board
text: over an ash can for a barber's chair. Everyone is barefoot.
speaker_heading: WICKERMAN
dialog: Visitor for Luke!
text: Luke sits up from his bunk, staring at the Wicker, unmoving,
dialog: amazed.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER (O.S.)
dialog: Steve. Your mother's here!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LUKE
text: as he gets up. Behind him Loudmouth Steve gets up, tossing
dialog: down his sex book resentfully:
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE
dialog: Jeez! She never lets me alone.
speaker_heading: TRAMP
dialog: You oughta be glad you got somebody.
text: Steve tosses him a finger as he leaves.
speaker_heading: ALIBI
dialog: My wife hasn't been here for a month.
dialog: She must be sick again. She's had
dialog: this condition of the liver for...
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: Alibi, can't you never say nothin'
dialog: without explainin' it? Carr says you
dialog: even explain when you get up at night.
speaker_heading: EXT. CAMP GATE (DAY)
text: By the picnic table set up for visitors. In far b.g., we SEE
text: Luke come out of the door and start across the yard toward
text: the gate, where he is shaken down and permitted to exit,
text: moving down to the table. A few feet from the end of the
text: table, Boss Godfrey sits in a kitchen chair, his hands
text: discreetly crossed over the pistol in his lap. His mirror
text: eyes play over the scene. Loudmouth Steve, his MOTHER -- a
text: desperately fortyish blonde -- and a couple of other prisoners
text: and visitors occupy the background. Parked next to the table
text: is a truck. In the bed lies Luke's mother, ARLETTA. She is
text: propped up on pillows and wedged in for traveling.
text: The whole back is set up as for a chronic invalid, everything
text: within reach, etc. She smokes incessantly. Nearby, Luke's
text: BROTHER and his nephew, JOHN-BOY, a kid of twelve, enormously
text: impressed with the sights and the guns and dogs, etc.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Comin' out here, Boss?
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: (by the gate)
dialog: Yeah. Come on out, Luke.
text: A few feet outside the gate, Jackson reaches for the boy,
text: pats him on the head. Shakes hands in passing with his
text: brother, who is unmistakably a farmer, and stands in the
text: doorway looking at his mother. She lies on her side craning
dialog: to see him.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: How'd you find me?
speaker_heading: ARLETTA
dialog: Helen, she sent along your things
dialog: with a note, and John here, he wrote
dialog: to the police.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah. Well.
dialog: (to Godfrey)
dialog: Gettin' up here, Boss.
text: Godfrey just looks at him, says nothing.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Well, Arletta, I got to stand down
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: ARLETTA
dialog: I allus hoped to see you well fixed
dialog: and have me a crop of grandkids to
text: kiss and fuss around with.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Like to oblige you, Arletta, but
dialog: right off I don't know where to put
dialog: my hands on 'em.
speaker_heading: ARLETTA
dialog: Sometimes I wisht people was like
dialog: dogs, Luke. Comes a time, a day like,
dialog: when the bitch just don't recognize
dialog: her pups no more, so she don't have
dialog: no hopes nor love to bring her pain.
dialog: She just don't give a damn. They let
dialog: you smoke?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Smokin' it up here, Boss.
text: Boss Godfrey nods. He lights cigarettes for her and for
dialog: himself.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah, well, Arletta, you done your
dialog: best. What I done with myself is my
dialog: problem.
speaker_heading: ARLETTA
dialog: No it hain't, Luke. You ain't alone.
dialog: Ever whar you go, I'm with you, and
dialog: so's John.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You never thought that's a heavy
dialog: load?
speaker_heading: ARLETTA
dialog: We allus thought you was strong enough
dialog: to carry it. Was we wrong?
text: Luke gives her the cigarette, and smiles at her.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No. But things ain't always like
dialog: they seem, Arletta. You know that. A
dialog: man's gotta go his own way.
speaker_heading: ARLETTA
dialog: Well, I don't know, I just wash my
dialog: hands of it, I guess I just got to
dialog: love you and let go.
text: She catches his hand as he puts the cigarette between her
dialog: lips.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ARLETTA
dialog: What are you doin' here?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: We call it abuildin' time, Arletta.
speaker_heading: ARLETTA
dialog: I ain't askin' what you'll do after
dialog: you get out, because I'm gonna be
dialog: dead and it don't matter.
text: His mother's disappointment in him brings Jackson a real
text: twinge of pain here. He tries to change the subject.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You never wanted to live forever
dialog: anyways, did you? It wasn't such a
dialog: hell of a life.
speaker_heading: ARLETTA
dialog: Oh, I had me some high old times.
dialog: Yore old man, Luke, wasn't much for
dialog: stickin' around, but damn it he made
dialog: me laugh.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah, would of been nice to of knowed
dialog: him, the way you talk about him.
text: She's looking at him and begins to laugh, losing control and
text: coughing to the point it alarms John and Jackson and they
text: have to help her. She pays no attention to the cough.
speaker_heading: ARLETTA
dialog: He'd... He'd of... broke you up.
text: She quiets after the fit and lies back, tired.
speaker_heading: ARLETTA
dialog: You think life is some kind of ocean
dialog: voyage and you start out with buntin'
dialog: and hollerin' and high hopes, but
dialog: the damn ship goes down before you
dialog: ever reach the other side. Luke?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Here, Mom.
speaker_heading: ARLETTA
dialog: What went wrong?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Nothin'. Ever'thing's cool's can be.
speaker_heading: ARLETTA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Tried to live always just as free
dialog: and aboveboard as you been, and well,
dialog: they ain't that much elbow room.
text: Arletta is looking hard into his eyes as he speaks. She
text: reaches out to him again...
speaker_heading: ARLETTA
dialog: You allus had good jobs, and that
dialog: girl in Kentucky I taken a shine to
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: She took off with that convertible
dialog: feller...
speaker_heading: ARLETTA
dialog: Well, why not? Idee of marryin' got
dialog: you all choked up, trying to pretend
dialog: you was respectable you was borin'
dialog: the hell out of all of us.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (grinning at her)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ARLETTA
dialog: I'm leavin' the place to John.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That's good: he earned it.
speaker_heading: ARLETTA
dialog: Nothin' to do with it. I ain't never
dialog: give John the kind of feelin' I give
dialog: you, so I'm payin' him off now. Don't
dialog: feel you got to say anything. Way it
dialog: is, sometimes, you just have a feelin'
dialog: for a child or you don't, and with
dialog: John I just didn't.
speaker_heading: OFFSTAGE WHISTLE
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Gotta go, Arletta.
speaker_heading: ARLETTA
dialog: (recovering)
dialog: Laugh it up, kid. You'll make out.
text: She kneads his hand and subsides onto her bed. Luke turns
text: away from her to face John, who has stood by. Godfrey is on
text: his feet. The other men are getting up and saying goodbye to
text: visitors, picking up their packages, etc., and among them is
text: a chain man, his chains dragging, holding them up with a
text: string. The kid stands by John looking at the chains clinking
dialog: past...
speaker_heading: JOHN-BOY
dialog: Why can't you have chains?
text: Luke looks up at John, Sr. with amusement.
speaker_heading: JOHN-BOY
dialog: Uncle Luke?
text: TWO SHOT LUKE AND JOHN, SR.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: John-Boy looks to you. You're a hero.
dialog: He's braggin' on you all over the
dialog: county.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (thoughtful)
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: You must've really flung a binge
dialog: this time. You really hit that cop?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (not liking the smug
dialog: pride in John)
dialog: Much as I'd like to oblige you, John,
dialog: I didn't hit the cop.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: She's in pretty bad pain, ain't she?
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Fulla dope, Luke.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Keep it with her all the time. Let
dialog: her have all she wants.
text: They understand each other. Luke chucks John-Boy under the
text: chin, then stops, looks at John, kneels beside him.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT LUKE AND JOHN-BOY
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You don't want to admire them chains,
dialog: John-Boy. They ain't medals. You get
dialog: them put on for makin' mistakes.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And if you make a really bad mistake,
dialog: then you got to deal with the Man...
text: and he is one tough old boy.
speaker_heading: THEIR P.O.V.
text: Godfrey stares at them, his glasses mirroring.
dialog: BACK TO THEM
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: So long, Arletta. Take care.
speaker_heading: ARLETTA'S VOICE
dialog: You know it, kid.
text: John holds Luke for a beat and reaches into the truck and
text: pulls out a battered banjo which he gives Luke.
speaker_heading: JOHN
dialog: Now there's nothin' for you to come
dialog: back for.
speaker_heading: ARLETTA'S TRUCK
text: LEAVING down the road, kicking up dust. Barracks in b.g.
scene_heading: EXT. HIGHWAY WITH YOYO SUPPORT (DAY)
dialog: cutting away at the time...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS (NIGHT)
text: Luke sits on his bunk plunking aimlessly at the BANJO. The
text: barracks are quiet, an air of [...]. Suddenly there is an
text: unidentifiable SOUND, low, but all the heads in the barracks
text: look up, waiting, silently. It has begun to rain, the big
text: drops DRUMMING on the roof. It begins to fall heavily. There
text: are moving slams around the building as outside the guards
text: SLAM the storm shutters. It is hot, oppressive.
speaker_heading: ALIBI
dialog: I guess they have to close those
dialog: things, or we'd drown. But it's really
text: suffocating.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: Talk about drownin', I did some
dialog: trainin' on a submarine once. Boy,
dialog: when you're under there you really
dialog: feel it.
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE
dialog: Shut up, man. It's too hot to talk.
text: The air is stifling, desultory. Out of boredom, Dragline
text: turns to Dynamite.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: You see mah skinny lid boy at chow
dialog: tonight. He was matching you plate
dialog: for plate.
speaker_heading: DYNAMITE
dialog: I wasn't feelin' good. Think I got a
dialog: ulcer or somethin'.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: He had a spoon like yours, he'd make
dialog: you look like a possum [...] on a
text: tree bark.
text: Society Red is lying on his bunk looking at the bottom of
text: the bunk above.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: Oh, come on, Clarence.
text: Dragline sits up and looks at him aggressively.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: What do you mean, Clarence? You
dialog: callin' me a liar?
text: He waits.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: Not a liar. You just have a common --
dialog: and likable -- tendency toward
dialog: exaggeration.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (proudly)
dialog: He's the champeen hog-gut of this
dialog: camp. Hell, I seen him eat ten
dialog: choc'lat bars and seven cold drinks
dialog: in fifteen minutes. He kin eat busted
dialog: bottles and rusty nails, any damn
dialog: thing. If you'd so kindly oblige as
dialog: to let me cut off your yankee head,
dialog: he'd even eat that.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I can eat fifty eggs.
text: They turn to look at him as though surprised to find him
text: there. Before Dragline can think he says...
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Nobody kin eat fifty eggs.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: (to Dragline)
dialog: You just said he could eat anything.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (doubtfully, to Luke)
dialog: You ever eat fifty eggs?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Nobody ever ate fifty eggs.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: Bet! Bet! Babalugats!
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Mah boy say he kin eat fifty eggs,
dialog: he'll eat fifty eggs.
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE
dialog: Yeah but in how long?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: One hour.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: Well I believe I'll have to take
dialog: part of that wager.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Two bucks.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: Let's talk money.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Awright, twenty bucks. Anything! The
dialog: Syndicate'll cover any money you
dialog: got. Koko, get paper.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Dragline... fifty eggs got to weigh
dialog: a good six pounds.
speaker_heading: DYNAMITE
dialog: (expertly)
dialog: Man's gut can't hold that. They'll
text: swell up and bust him open.
speaker_heading: BLIND DICK
dialog: You're gonna kill him.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Getcha money, up. Gambler! Dynamite!
dialog: Everybody. Kokonut Head here is taking
dialog: the money. Loudmouth -- get it up!
text: The initial boredom of the scene is dispelled -- a purpose
dialog: has been created to lead them through the endless building
dialog: of time.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: How's he gonna eat 'em?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (cutting in)
text: Boiled for fifteen minutes. Then
dialog: peeled. I eat all fifty in one hour.
text: Men are all around Dragline and Koko now with money and
text: wagers. Koko is frantically scribbling.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Koko, write down their names, don't
dialog: just make marks.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: One rule! No throwing up. He throws
dialog: up, you forfeit everything.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: You ever see mah boy throw up? Shut
dialog: your mouth and put up your money!
text: Koko is on the floor now with Babalugats beside him, assorting
text: papers, handing out betting receipts. Dragline turns to Luke.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Why'd you have to say fifty? Why not
dialog: thirty-five or thirty-nine?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Fifty's a nice round number.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Damn, Luke. What's the matter with
dialog: you? what's the matter with me?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (winking)
dialog: Nothin' to worry about. We got a
text: deadlock on that mullet.
scene_heading: EXT. PRISON YARD MOVING TWO SHOT (DAY)
text: Luke and Dragline jog around the yard like roadwork for a
dialog: boxer and trainer.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: What did I do? Stole and tole lies.
dialog: I loved mah neighbor and his wife,
dialog: but what did I do to deserve this
dialog: lunatic to come in mah happy home
dialog: and beat me outa hard earned bread.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (grins)
dialog: We got it locked in the sock.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Yeah, I know. But what we gotta do
dialog: first is stretch that l'il ol' belly
dialog: of yours -- git it all strained out,
text: in fightin' shape, like a barrage
dialog: balloon.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You ol' sack of guts. I had a belly
dialog: like yours, we wouldn't have nothin'
dialog: to worry about.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (considers paunch)
dialog: 'Atsa sign I got me an affectionate
dialog: nature.
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: Like an elephant.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Us elephants may be a lil slow, like
dialog: in makin' love, but you give us a
dialog: coupla three days to really get with
dialog: it an' man -- stand back!
text: Luke grins.
scene_heading: LUKE IN THE CHOWLINE
text: taking enormous helpings.
speaker_heading: DOGBOY
dialog: Lookit this hot gut, Boss. Here's a
dialog: man gone bust the State feedin' his
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: BOSS HIGGINS
dialog: Wisht I could eat like that.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Thing about bad food, you got to eat
dialog: a lot of it.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: He sits in a yoga position, rippling his stomach muscles
text: miraculously. Koko and Gambler pop INTO THE SHOT to watch
text: with amazement.
scene_heading: INT. MESS HALL (NIGHT)
text: Luke refuses food. He moves to his place, sits before his
text: empty plate.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS (NIGHT)
text: as Dragline stops in front of the Wicker Man.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Boss! Man needs a brown bomber and a
dialog: dose of salts.
text: Instant UPROAR of protest.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: Rules Committee! Rules Committee!
speaker_heading: ALIBI
dialog: Nobody said nothin' about that!
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE
dialog: Same as dopin' a race horse!
speaker_heading: SLEEPY
dialog: It don't sound right.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: You can't do that!
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: You jes' watch us!
speaker_heading: BLIND DICK
dialog: Fair's fair.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Got a right to start with a clear
dialog: gut!
speaker_heading: DYNAMITE
dialog: Man can't eat that much no matter --
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE
dialog: You can't just change the rules any
dialog: way you want!
text: All of this is overlapping: Dragline walks through them
text: carrying the pile and cup of salts passed out from the Wicker,
dialog: ignoring it all.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN
text: JABO, the cook, is lowering the sacks of eggs into huge pots
text: of boiling water. Carr stands by with a watch, timing. Outside
text: the open door are Dragline, Dynamite and Gambler watching
text: tensely.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Take it easy now, Jabo. Them is eggs,
dialog: not them cathead biscuits.
speaker_heading: JABO
dialog: I know what eggs look like. I ain't
dialog: seen any around here for three years,
dialog: but I remember.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BARRACKS DOOR (DAY)
text: as a file of men carry the still-steaming eggs in their hats
text: from the yard into the building.
speaker_heading: RABBIT
dialog: (adding on a scrap of
dialog: paper)
dialog: I've got it figured. If he eats an
dialog: egg a minute, he's got 10 minutes
dialog: left to swaller them.
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: I just got sent five bucks from the
dialog: rodeo company.
speaker_heading: RABBIT
dialog: What for?
speaker_heading: CHIEF
dialog: A bull I fell off.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS
text: as the line of men reach the poker table and begin stacking
text: up the eggs. The Rules Committee sits around the table leaving
text: one side for Luke. It's all set up with towels, etc. They
text: are counting eggs carefully, piling them in pyramids. Dragline
text: picks up an egg and cracks it smartly on the table. Again
dialog: uproar...
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Awright! Stand back, you pedestrians,
dialog: this ain't no automobile accident!
speaker_heading: ALIBI
dialog: You're peeling his eggs!
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: That's right, Mister Alibi.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
text: He peels the eggs himself. That's
dialog: understood.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: You jus' may be great at hangin'
dialog: paper around the big cities, but us
dialog: country boys is not entirely
dialog: brainless. When it comes to the law,
dialog: nothin' is understood.
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE
dialog: Who made what law about peeling his
dialog: eggs?
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: I'm his trainer, I'm the syndicate
dialog: what's coverin' all bets, and I'm
text: his official egg peeler.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: Just wait till the hour starts, that's
dialog: all.
text: The champion enters and the talk dies. He's naked from the
text: waist. He does some side-straddle hops and deep-knee bends.
text: His stomach is markedly concave. He, drying himself from a
text: shower, walks to the fragment of mirror on the wall and combs
text: his hair, studies his image a second and, at last ready,
text: moves to the table and sits down.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (ingeniously)
dialog: What's goin' on?
text: Dragline jumps up and gives a second's rubdown to Luke's
text: shoulders. There is a flurry of last minute betting, and
text: then silence. Everybody gathered around. Luke shuffles his
text: feet, twitches his toes. One egg from the pile is peeled and
text: in front of him. Carr waits, his eyes on his wrist watch,
text: his other hand up in the air, and all eyes rest on that hand.
text: All eyes drop as the hand drops. Dragline grabs eggs and
text: peels them, his fingers flickering, the shells flying. Luke
text: picks up the peeled egg and eats it in a gulp.
scene_heading: CUTS OF LUKE, DRAGLINE, REACTIONS
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: He's eating very fast.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: (keeping a written
dialog: tab)
dialog: One, two, three...
dialog: (continues counting,
dialog: throughout)
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: He's gonna lose a finger eating eggs
dialog: like that.
text: Dragline reaches over and pops an egg into Luke's mouth, his
text: pinkie extended, like tossing a tidbit into the mouth of
dialog: some animal.
text: FULL SHOT LUKE IN THE CENTER
text: The others stand around, motionless. Dragline cracks and
text: peels and Luke eats in a regular musical rhythm inexorable
text: and horrible as it is sustained. Red is checking and counting
dialog: off eggs...
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: ...twenty-four. Twenty-five, twenty-
dialog: six...
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: His face bears an expression of ineffable absent pleasure as
text: though eggs reminded him of something a long way away.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
text: looking at him, neutral...
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Slow down a little.
speaker_heading: THE GROUP
text: Some chew fingernails, some stare, some mouth open, some
text: stand with unlighted cigarettes in their mouths, staring.
text: Some have eyes shut, their lips silently counting with Red.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: ...thirty, thirty-one, thirty-two.
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: He stops and stands up, stretching. His stomach bulges as
text: though he were pregnant. Slowly he walks across the barracks
text: toward the water faucet. Dragline stands looking after him,
text: alarmed. Luke slowly bends over and washes his mouth out,
text: not taking a drink. He stands, turns, walks up and down,
text: does some exercises. Silence, no one else moves. He walks
text: back, looks at the eggs, making an expression of distaste.
text: He turns away and does some more exercises. Gambler moves
text: over very close to him. Luke is going up and down, up and
text: down doing knee bends. Gambler tries to look into his eyes,
text: examine his stomach, listen to his wind. Luke sticks out his
text: tongue obligingly for a check. Gambler stands up.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: Eighteen to go!
text: There is a flurry of last-minute betting led by Onionhead's
text: examination. Koko, Babalugats beside him, are the tellers.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: He's had it. I'm throwin' in my last
dialog: tenner.
text: Sleepy appears, as does Tramp, to make beta.
speaker_heading: BLIND DICK
dialog: He don't look good.
speaker_heading: DYNAMITE
dialog: (expertly)
dialog: Man's gut can't hold more'n that.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: Oh you gonna come crawlin' around
dialog: beggin' for a cold drink, Drag. Your
dialog: boy is done for!
text: Mechanic has been studying Luke as if he were an ailing
text: carburetor.
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: (quietly to Dragline)
dialog: If I give you a dollar and he don't
dialog: eat all fifty eggs, I get two dollars?
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Mechanic!
text: Dragline puts his arm around Mechanic's shoulders
text: affectionately.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: You're a sweet old boy and I don't
dialog: like to see you pick up no bad habits.
dialog: Better use that dollar to buy yourself
dialog: a new spark plug or something. But
dialog: as long as you done took a stand,
dialog: why don't you put some money where
dialog: your mouth is? Not no measly buck!
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: All I got is three-seventy-five.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: It's a bet! Koko! I gone this far,
dialog: I'm backin' mah boy all the way!
dialog: Come on, who's next? Where are the
dialog: big money men, I want to hear from
text: some high rollers.
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: I believe you've got it all, Dragline.
text: Every nickel in camp is riding.
text: Dragline turns to Luke and grins. Luke instantly appears to
text: recover and walks casually back to the table. It should be
text: clear this last was a little put-on between him and Dragline
text: to milk the last money into bets. Luke sits and begins eating.
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: cool, confident, but as the egg is crushed in his mouth the
text: first real gagging feeling of total surfeit hits him. His
text: jaw closes and freezes. His eyes grow desperate and swivel
text: toward Dragline, though he doesn't dare move his head lest
text: he give way to nausea.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: reacts.
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: with a herculean effort, he swallows.
scene_heading: SOCIETY RED'S VOICE
text: Thirty-three.
text: Dragline swallows with relief. Gambler moves and looks about,
text: a man feeling victory within his grasp.
speaker_heading: ALIBI
dialog: Carr? What's the time?
speaker_heading: CARR
text: Twenty-four minutes to go.
text: Luke swallows another egg; sweat bursts out on his forehead.
text: Dragline signals to a second, Koko, to sit in for him and
text: peel eggs. He moves to Luke.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
text: Thirty-four.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT LUKE AND DRAGLINE
text: as Dragline stands behind him, massaging his shoulders and
text: neck, tenderly... Luke doggedly eats eggs, one by one. Red
dialog: counts off under...
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: Thirty-nine... forty... forty-one...
dialog: forty-two...
speaker_heading: MEANWHILE:
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Come on, boy, come on, darlin'. You
dialog: kin do her. Just let that ol' belly
dialog: sag and enjoy itself. Stay loose,
dialog: buddy. Eight more, between you and
dialog: everlasting glory. Little ol' eggs,
dialog: pigeon eggs, that's all, fish eggs
dialog: practically.
text: Luke almost throws up, and Dragline signals Koko to hold
text: up... he gets Luke of his feet and begins walking him up and
dialog: down the barracks...
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE
dialog: Carr? Time?
speaker_heading: CARR
text: Six minutes to go, Dragline.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (into Luke's ear)
dialog: Just shakin' it down, that's all,
dialog: settlin' them eggs down...
text: He sits him down, takes an egg from Koko and puts it to Luke's
text: lips, pursing his lips in a kiss...
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Come on, Baby... don't be that way.
dialog: Open your little ol' gator mouth.
text: Luke opens his mouth, in goes the egg, he chews, chews,
text: swallows. Another egg...
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: Forty-four...
speaker_heading: CARR
dialog: Two minutes to time...
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: All right now: get mad at them eggs.
dialog: Eat it there boy! Bite it! Gnaw on
dialog: it!
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
text: Forty-five.
speaker_heading: CARR
text: One minute, thirty seconds.
text: Another egg goes. Luke closes his eyes and motions to
dialog: Dragline; just stuff 'em in any old how!
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: That's it, that's how to do it, chew,
dialog: chew, chew!
text: All eggs peeled, Koko is up and dancing wildly, and a couple
dialog: of men, even though they've got nothing but everything to
text: lose, are intoxicated beyond power to restrain themselves
text: and are yelling and jumping up and down.
speaker_heading: CARR
text: One minute, fifty-five... fifty...
dialog: forty-five... etc.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: Forty-five, forty-six, forty-seven...
text: So that it all comes out in a near dead-heat, with Dragline
text: yelling and popping in eggs. At the last second before
text: deadline, two whole eggs are shoved into Luke's mouth, and
text: Dragline rams Luke's mouth shut for him...
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: All in: that's it: chew, chew, chew!
speaker_heading: CARR
dialog: Fifteen, ten, nine, eight, seven...
dialog: six...
text: Luke looks around, then takes a mighty swallow, as:
speaker_heading: CARR
dialog: One... zero!
text: Luke collapses with his head on the table, his arms flung
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: He didn't swallow the last...
text: He grabs him by the hair and pulls his head back. Dragline
text: pries his mouth open with his fingers. Luke is out...
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: You think so, huh?
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE PAST LUKE'S EAR
text: as they all peer down into his throat. Dragline grins, looks
text: around at Society.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Where's the egg?
text: He slaps Luke on the cheek affectionately, closes his mouth
text: and lets his head fall back on the table with a loud thump,
text: his arms again sprawled out in the piles of egg shells. A
text: dance of victory for Dragline... he collects all over the
text: place. Dynamite, shaking his head, quietly knights the new
text: champion hog-gut by laying his big spoon on the table next
text: to Luke's head.
speaker_heading: EXT. ROAD (DAY)
text: A car ROARS by, leaving a hint of laughter and music in the
text: air and a cloud of dust. The men are working rhythmically.
text: Godfrey watching.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LOUDMOUTH STEVE GAMBLER
text: They have been observing Godfrey.
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE
dialog: Man looks like a goddamn bus driver.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: (yoyoing)
dialog: He gets too close to me and I'll cut
text: his belly open.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: ANGLE ON KOKO
text: He sees snake.
speaker_heading: KOKO'S VOICE
dialog: Snake in the grass! Boss!
text: He runs. Men flail at the snake in the grass with their yoyos
text: and CAMERA MOVES WITH Snake though we can't see it and we
text: follow its progress only by the men jumping, hitting at it,
text: yelling.
speaker_heading: GODFREY
text: He rams his cane into the soft sand and Rabbit reaches into
text: the truck cab and hands him his rifle. Godfrey slams the
dialog: bolt in.
dialog: BACK TO MEN
text: They jump and yell and chase the snake until they reach Luke,
text: who stoops, grabs cooly and comes up with the snake, holding
text: it by the tail.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Pickin' it up here, Boss!
speaker_heading: GODFREY
text: His EYES HUGE IN THE SCREEN: Luke seen there IN DUPLICATE,
text: standing tall in the sun, grinning, the rattler wriggling
text: and thrashing in his grasp. Godfrey's face holds for a long
text: beat then the rifle is brought up so that we can now see
text: Luke CLEAR IN ONE LENS and the other he is lined up in the
text: rifle sight pointing directly INTO THE LENS -- or just CAMERA
text: LEFT. There is a SHOT and the rifle is lowered enough so we
text: can see Luke IN DUPLICATE again.
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: looking at Godfrey, grinning, but a little tougher now. The
text: snake has no head. He walks down a little and throws the
text: body of the snake on the road at Godfrey's feet. It brings
text: him close to where Godfrey's cane still stands in the sand.
text: Godfrey kicks at the snake. He turns... Luke pulls the cane
text: out of the sand and holds it out to Godfrey.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Don't forget your walking stick,
dialog: Boss.
text: Godfrey turns to face him and stares at him. Luke just holds
text: the stick out to him. Godfrey slowly takes the bolt out of
text: the rifle, looks down the barrel, blows the smoke out, puts
text: the bolt in his pocket and hands the gun back to Rabbit before
text: finally reaching out and taking the stick from Luke. He turns
text: and walks away.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You shore can shoot, man.
text: Godfrey's shoulders almost jerk as though at every word he
text: were being hit with invisible bullets.
text: SKY CLOUD THUNDER LIGHTNING
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD DRAGLINE LUKE
dialog: working.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Luke, why you actin' so strange?
dialog: What you wanna do somethin' like
dialog: that for? You gone too far when you
dialog: mess with the Man With No Eyes. You
dialog: gonna be outa here in a little bit --
dialog: whyn't you jus' take it a little
dialog: easy?
text: Luke has been staring up at the darkening sky which is growing
text: more ominous with clashing clouds and rolling thunder.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Man, it looks like the Big Boss is
dialog: getting ready to let us have it!
text: It begins to rain, large spattering drops, quickly turning
text: into a downpour.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL (O.S.)
dialog: Awright, you kin git in that truck.
text: The gang rushes back into the shelter, all except Luke and
dialog: Dragline.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Look at Him go. Bam! Bam!
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Knock it off, Luke! You cain't talk
dialog: about Him that way.
text: Dragline begins to move off toward the truck.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You still believe in the Big Bearded
dialog: Boss, Drag? You think he's up there
dialog: watching us?
text: He grins at Dragline and then, after a beat, raises his bush
text: axe straight up to the sky, grinning at Dragline.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DRAGLINE
text: He is frightened as he backs off toward the truck.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Get in here! Ain't you scared --
dialog: ain't you scared of dyin'?
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LUKE
text: The rain is torrential. He has to shout to be heard.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Dyin'? He can take back this nice
dialog: pretty life any time He wants.
dialog: (looks up)
dialog: You welcome to it, Old Timer. Come
dialog: on! Make me know you're up there!
dialog: Kill me or love me, one or the other.
text: He holds his bush axe again, laughing, soaking wet.
text: REVERSE BACK OF TRUCK
text: The men jammed into the frame of the body, a frieze of shocked
text: faces staring out at him through the rain. There is a blinding
text: flash of lightning and a THUNDEROUS ROAR. They wince but
dialog: don't turn away.
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: He smiles and lowers the bush axe, walking toward the truck.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Standin' out here in the rain! All
dialog: alone! Talkin' to myself.
text: He smiles a little shamefaced, rueful, sad smile and climbs
text: into the truck and the men draw back from him.
text: ANGLE THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD OF THE TRUCK PARKED BEHIND
text: Godfrey seen dimly through the rain-misted windshield.
scene_heading: EXT. YOYO SHIMMERING IN THE SUN TRANSITIONAL DEVICE (DAY)
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS (NIGHT)
text: It is the free hour. But instead of the poker game, Dragline,
text: Luke and Koko sit at the table dealing with their line of
text: debtors from the egg-eating. Koko acts as secretary, changing
text: the amounts as the men pay off or borrow more. As Blind Dick
dialog: receives his money and leaves:
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (to Koko)
dialog: Blind Dick is payin' us off three
dialog: and borrowin' back five. Next!
dialog: It is Tattoo.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Borrowin' or payin' back?
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: Borrowin'.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Mister Cool Hand here is the soft
dialog: heart in our Loan Department. Next!
scene_heading: ON CARR AT THE WICKER (NIGHT)
text: He has just been handed a telegram by the Wicker Man. He
text: reads it impassive as always, while in b.g., the business
dialog: continues and we HEAR:
scene_heading: SOCIETY RED'S VOICE
dialog: I believe I still owe you thirty. I
dialog: don't suppose you'd take a check.
speaker_heading: TATTOO'S VOICE
dialog: (to Luke)
dialog: My Navy disability didn't come yet.
dialog: You know how it is.
text: Carr finishes reading and we FOLLOW HIM as he walks to the
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Sure do... that's why we didn't bet
dialog: with the Navy.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Oh, that's mah darlin' Luke. Grins
text: like a baby and bites like a 'gator.
text: Carr sets the telegram on the table next to Luke.
speaker_heading: CARR
dialog: Sorry, Luke.
text: Luke picks up the telegram and reads. Then he sets it down,
text: stands and goes to his bunk. Dragline looks after him, takes
text: up the telegram and hands it up to Society Red.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: (after reading)
text: His mother's dead.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LOUDMOUTH STEVE
text: As he sees Luke go to his bunk, he picks up his sex book and
text: moves down to the other end of the barracks. Alibi does the
dialog: same with the cigarette papers and tobacco he has been
dialog: rolling.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LUKE
text: sitting on his bunk, bare feet tucked up beneath his drawn-
text: up legs, softly picking out a slow hymn melody on his banjo.
text: Tears slowly stream down his cheeks.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON CARR
text: as Luke continues playing softly. He walks down to the other
text: end of the barracks, too.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT BARRACKS
text: All of the other men are congregated at the other end, giving
text: Luke what privacy they can. There is no conversation, only
text: the slow, plaintive plucking of the banjo.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LUKE CLOSE
text: playing, the tears coursing.
text: NEW ANGLE ON LUKE
text: in his bunk now, staring wet-eyed up at the ceiling.
speaker_heading: CARR'S VOICE
dialog: Fifty, boss.
speaker_heading: WICKERMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Fifty, awright, Carr.
scene_heading: EXT. MESS HALL (PRE-DAWN)
text: As the men pour out they see that the light on the box is
text: burning, a nightshirt is hung on the fence. Their usual hurry-
text: up pace is slowed to a nervous, apprehensive gait.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Awright, git lined up here.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CAPTAIN'S PORCH
text: He has been watching, rocking. As the men line up, he gets
text: up and goes down the steps toward the yard.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN'S P.O.V.
text: pushing the gate open, moving in front of Boss Paul, facing
dialog: the men.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
text: Luke, fall out.
text: Luke steps forward, pulls off his shirt and jacket. He steps
text: behind the latticework screen to take off his pants as the
text: Captain speaks.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN'S VOICE
dialog: (emotionless)
text: When a man's mother dies and he gits
dialog: to thinkin' about her funeral and
dialog: payin' respects, before he knows it
dialog: his mind ain't right and he's got
text: rabbit in his blood and runs. We're
dialog: keepin' you off the road fer awhile.
text: He has said all he has to say. He walks off.
text: FULL SHOT LUKE AND THE MEN
text: They are watching him slip on the nightshirt. Boss Kean opens
dialog: the box.
speaker_heading: BOSS KEAN
dialog: (to Luke)
dialog: Ah'm jus' doin' mah job, Luke. You
dialog: gotta appreciate that.
text: ANGLE ON LUKE IN BOX
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Boss, when you do somethin' to me
dialog: you better do it because you got to
dialog: or want to... but not because it's
dialog: your damn job.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON KEAN
text: His eyes narrow. The box door slams. Greyness.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL'S VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Awright, let's move it out!
text: And o.s. the SOUNDS of the men counting through the gate and
text: the truck engines coughing.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD DAWN (NIGHT)
text: The bull gang truck pulling out. In b.g. the barracks and
text: the light over the box.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP
text: The bull gang truck stopping. The back is opened and the men
text: jump out, line up and begin counting off through the gate.
text: In b.g. as they count is Luke's voice singing.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON DRAGLINE
dialog: He smiles... oh that Luke!
scene_heading: CLOSE ON BOSS GODFREY
text: listening to the mocking voice.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS
text: It is the next morning. The tire iron SOUNDS.
speaker_heading: CARR'S VOICE
dialog: First bell! First bell! Let's go!
text: The figures of Boss Paul and Boss Seven go to the box. Seven
text: carries Luke's food.
scene_heading: INT. BOX PAUL'S P.O.V.
text: as it is opened. The dimness of the overhead bulb illuminates
dialog: Luke.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Shut the door, Boss. You're lettin'
dialog: in a draft.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON PAUL
text: His face corrodes in fury.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Git on your feet! Ah'm gonna teach
dialog: you some respect right now!
text: Furiously he tries to cane Luke with his walking stick. But
text: the cramped quarters restrict him. The cane clangs wildly
text: against the sides of the box as Luke crouches in a corner,
text: covering his head.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LUKE
text: protecting, as Boss Paul retreats. The box door slams!
dialog: Greyness.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS (AFTERNOON)
text: as the bull gang counts in after the day's work. The light
text: on the box still burns. No sound from Luke.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON DRAGLINE
text: He looks worried.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS (NIGHT)
text: The tire rim SOUNDS and the men scurry for their bunks.
speaker_heading: CARR'S VOICE
dialog: Last bell! Last bell!
dialog: (the pacing of his
dialog: steps)
dialog: Forty-nine, Boss. And one in the
dialog: box.
speaker_heading: WICKERMAN'S VOICE
dialog: Forty-nine and one in the box. Right,
dialog: Carr.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS (PRE-DAWN)
text: Boss Paul, carrying a shotgun, and Boss Seven are opening
text: the box. In b.g. the tire rim SOUNDS.
speaker_heading: CARR'S VOICE
dialog: First bell! First bell! Let's go!
text: And the uproar of the men getting out of their bunks, hurrying
text: to dress and line up by the chute.
scene_heading: INT. BOX CLOSE SHOT LUKE'S P.O.V.
text: as the door opens and the double muzzle of Boss Paul's shot-
text: gun stares.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL'S P.O.V.
text: Luke is standing at the rear of the box, his arms crossed
text: over his chest, his eyes slightly wild, his face dirty and
text: stubbled. In b.g. the SOUND of Rudolph, the pet bloodhound
text: puppy, yipping.
speaker_heading: LUKE'S P.O.V.
text: Paul's gun draws back. Boss Seven hands Paul a heavy biscuit,
text: grinning. Rudolph is sniffing, nipping at Paul's trousers,
text: smelling the biscuit.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: You look hongry, Luke.
dialog: (tosses biscuit in
dialog: his hand)
dialog: Reckon this would taste mighty good,
dialog: but Rudolph looks pretty hongry,
dialog: too. Why don't we split it with the
dialog: pooch, okay?
text: He breaks the biscuit and dangles half over Rudolph who nips
text: and barks for it.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: (feeding Rudolph)
dialog: Tha's a good boy.
dialog: (to Luke)
dialog: Well, here's your piece, Luke.
speaker_heading: ON LUKE
text: He speaks in a low, uneven voice.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Might as well give it all to him,
dialog: Boss. I just ain't much hungry.
speaker_heading: ON BOSS PAUL
text: Livid with rage, he slams the door! Greyness.
scene_heading: EXT. LAUNDRY FENCE CLOSE ON LAUNDRY FLYING OVER FENCE
speaker_heading: (AFTERNOON)
text: as LAUNDRY BOY tries to catch the flying sheets, pants and
text: shirts being tossed by the men. Behind him we SEE the
text: steaming, pumping cleaning machines.
scene_heading: EXT. YARD (AFTERNOON)
text: Laundry boy and machines in b.g. as Boss Kean and Boss Seven
text: go to the box. Boss Seven carries Luke's shoes and a freshly
text: cleaned set of state issues. The men turn.
scene_heading: INT. BOX (AFTERNOON)
text: as the door opens. Luke looks up. Kean's face stares down,
text: not unkind. Luke moves forward.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. BOX (AFTERNOON)
text: as Luke emerges, Kean behind him.
speaker_heading: BOSS KEAN
dialog: (gently)
dialog: She's in the ground now, Luke. Best
dialog: forget about it. You got a day ana
dialog: half lay-in... and tomorrow's a
dialog: holiday.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS (EVENING)
text: The Fourth of July. All hell is breaking loose. Four radios
text: going, chain men jitterbugging, one of the men has a mouth
text: harmonica, another plucks Luke's banjo. A lemonade barrel is
text: in a corner and men dip into it with coke bottles; others
text: are banging together bottles as instruments, playing combs,
dialog: etc.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON ALIBI AND DYNAMITE
text: just filling their bottles with lemonade.
speaker_heading: ALIBI
dialog: (toasting)
dialog: Happy Fourth of July.
speaker_heading: SLEEPY
dialog: Same to you.
speaker_heading: ALIBI
dialog: Boy, if anyone had told me where I
dialog: was going to be spending Independence
dialog: Day...
dialog: (shakes his head)
scene_heading: ON MUSIC MAKERS, OTHERS
text: Most of them are concentrated in front of Luke's bunk, singing
text: and screaming, trying to make as much noise as possible.
text: Tattoo is reading a new sex book aloud while Dynamite,
text: Loudmouth Steve, others listen intently, some avid, some
dialog: confused.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: (reading)
dialog: Wanda trembled, faced by this awesome
dialog: decision. It was the moment of choice.
dialog: Could she take the plunge and wantonly
dialog: hurl herself into pagan abandon? Or
dialog: would she remain ever fettered by
text: the bonds of her puritanical
dialog: upbringing? Could she take this chance
dialog: to experience the sensual thrill of
dialog: total release and gratification? Or
dialog: would she turn her back and retreat
dialog: into frigid denial? Desire and fear,
text: temptation and terror, yearning and
text: horror, warred within her beautiful
dialog: young body...
text: Luke is not to be seen among the music-makers and revellers.
text: Moving through the crowd, the CAMERA FINDS Luke on his hands
text: and knees, sawing at the floorboard with a piece of hacksaw.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON CARR
text: as the tire iron SOUNDS and SOUNDS again to be heard over
dialog: the din.
speaker_heading: CARR
dialog: First bell! Let's git to bed. You
dialog: done had your fun.
text: The singers and music-makers around Luke finish their song,
text: reaching a high, piercing, noisy crescendo. At the same time,
text: Dragline has been reading another sex book to Stupid Blondie,
text: Blind Dick and Chief who are trying to act out the
text: description, tying themselves into an intricate anatomical
dialog: knot.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (reading)
text: She moved her head another inch while
text: he reached up and put his left hand
text: on Carol's cheek as Carol pressed
dialog: her lips to... Oh Lord, I can't read
dialog: it!
text: He wriggles, panting with eye-popping pleasure, attracting
text: Carr's attention. Stupid Blondie, Rabbit and Chief are still
text: trying to untie themselves.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Carr. Lookit this. Oh I don't believe
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: CARR
dialog: What you got there, Drag? You bought
dialog: yourself another of them dirty books?
text: Intrigued, Carr sits down on Dragline's bunk and follows
text: Dragline's finger pointing out the lascivious parts. He is
text: quickly absorbed.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DRAGLINE
text: He looks over toward Luke who can be seen between the legs
text: of the surrounding men, poised, waiting to drop down into
text: the hole. Dragline winks.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LUKE
text: He winks back, grins and disappears through the hole in the
dialog: floor.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DRAGLINE AND CARR
text: The tutor and the student.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Here's a real hot one!
text: Carr reads intently.
text: ON THE HOLE BENEATH LUKE'S BUNK
text: gaping, empty, inviting.
scene_heading: VARIOUS REACTIONS OF MEN
text: A. KOKO - suppressing a giggle.
text: B. SOCIETY RED - considering it, cowardly.
dialog: C. ALIBI - tense, nervous.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON TATTOO
text: He has been considering it, weighing his chances, his eyes
text: darting from the hole to Carr, back again. Now he scurries
text: to the hole, drops inside.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CARR, DRAGLINE
text: as the tire iron SOUNDS. Carr gets up.
speaker_heading: CARR
dialog: Awright, last bell!
text: The men are in their bunks, Carr begins to make his count.
text: As he comes to Tatto's bunk:
speaker_heading: WICKER MAN'S VOICE
text: HEY, CARR! WHAT'S THAT OUTSIDE?
text: Carr rushes to the window.
speaker_heading: CARR
dialog: Somebody's on the fence, boss!
scene_heading: EXT. YARD ON THE FENCE
text: It is Tattoo, half-way up the fence, startled by the clamor
text: as the Wicker Man whales the GONG. He falls back down, starts
text: up again, dogs BARKING.
scene_heading: EXT. YARD NEW ANGLE
text: as guards come running from the Captain's house, the dogs
text: HOWLING.
speaker_heading: ON TATTOO
text: frantically trying to get up the fence, falling down, starting
text: to run, seeing the guards approaching with guns and canes,
text: turning to the other direction: more guards. Caught like a
text: rat, eyes wild with fear, he makes terrified motions to go
text: in one direction, then the other but is rooted by fear and
text: indecision as the guards move in. He SCREAMS.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS ANGLE ON WICKER AND DOOR
text: which is unlocked. Dogboy is dressed, combing his hair, self-
text: importantly putting on his gloves while the men lie in their
text: bunks, staring contemptuously. Boss Paul, Godfrey and others
text: stare with shotguns leveled from the wicker.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Who else?
text: Carr has been tearing a sheet off Luke's bed.
speaker_heading: CARR
text: Jackson. He cut a hole in the floor,
dialog: Boss.
text: He hands the sheet to Dogboy.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: He ain't even got the sense to run
dialog: from the road like everybody else.
speaker_heading: DOGBOY
dialog: Blue'll git him, Boss. We'll git
dialog: that bastid, Cool Hand Luke.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. DOG PEN MED. CLOSE SHOT (NIGHT)
text: Boss Paul is unlocking the pen. Dogboy stands by the screen
text: letting the yapping, frothing hounds sniff at the sheet.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Stan' back, Dogboy. Git the leash
dialog: here.
text: As he opens the pen, the hounds rush out. Dogboy grabs one,
text: Boss Paul grabs another but Big Blue, the lead hound, has
text: the scent and he bolts, howling and tearing off.
speaker_heading: DOGBOY
dialog: Blue! Come back here! Come back, I
dialog: said.
speaker_heading: EXT. SWAMP (NIGHT)
text: Luke, smiling, running like hell through the murky water. In
text: b.g. Blue's baying.
speaker_heading: EXT. SWAMP (NIGHT)
text: Blue in pursuit, sniffing, dashing, on the trail.
speaker_heading: EXT. SWAMP (NIGHT)
text: Dogboy with the other dogs being pulled through the muddy,
text: murky, thickly-foliaged swamp. Behind him, wading unhappily
text: through knee-deep water are Bosses Paul, Higgins and Shorty.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED RAILROAD STATION NIGHT (LATER)
text: Boss Paul is on the phone to the Captain, Bosses Higgins and
text: Shorty sit disconsolate, dirty, wet, exhausted. Only Dogboy
text: is still eager, two hounds by his feet, listening in the
text: distance to the howl of Blue baying.
speaker_heading: DOGBOY
dialog: Listen to Blue sing. She's on to
dialog: him. She says: got him.
speaker_heading: BOSS SHORTY
dialog: Hail, that dog is jus' runnin' in
dialog: circles.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: (returning from phone)
dialog: Captain says to wait 'til the Patrol
dialog: gits here.
speaker_heading: DOGBOY
dialog: (listening to Blue)
dialog: She's on to him. You shoulda waited
dialog: fer me to git her out -- loose like
dialog: she is, he kin run her crazy.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: It ain't my fault you don't know how
dialog: to handle your dogs.
speaker_heading: DOGBOY
dialog: How my suppose to handle a dog someone
dialog: jus' let loose?
speaker_heading: BOSS HIGGINS
dialog: I'm beat. This ain't mah job, nohow.
speaker_heading: BOSS SHORTY
dialog: Me neither.
text: A Highway Patrol car pulls up.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Here's the Patrol.
speaker_heading: DOGBOY
dialog: (pulling up dogs)
dialog: She's got him! You hear that?
text: Higgins and Shorty shake their heads wearily.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: (to Dogboy)
dialog: Okay, let's get started.
scene_heading: EXT. FARM COUNTRY (PIPELINES) (NIGHT)
text: Luke steps under and through the pipeline supports and
text: vanishes. In b.g. Blue's plaintive HOWLING.
scene_heading: EXT. FARM COUNTRY (PIPELINES) DAY (DAWN)
text: Dogboy moves ACROSS the SCENE with his pack of dogs, having
text: trouble following through the supports. The Officer behind
dialog: him.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT DOGBOY
text: plodding along, exhausted, yanking at the dogs as they pull
text: in different directions.
speaker_heading: DOGBOY
dialog: Come on, Rudolph, Austin, you no
dialog: good buncha chicken-eaters, we're
dialog: lookin' for a man. We got us a job
dialog: to do.
scene_heading: EXT. BUSH BY FENCE (NEAR RAILROAD TRACKS) (DAY)
text: Luke carefully slips through the barbs, runs a few yards,
text: slips back through again, runs a few yards, returns to the
dialog: other side.
scene_heading: EXT. BUSH BY FENCE (NEAR RAILROAD TRACKS) DAY (LATER)
text: Dogboy with his pack and the Officer. In b.g. Blue is HOWLING,
text: the dogs are BAYING frantically. It is with trouble that
text: Dogboy and the Officer get through the fence, pulled by the
text: eager dogs. Then they must cross it again.
speaker_heading: OFFICER
dialog: Your dogs are crazy.
speaker_heading: DOGBOY
dialog: He keeps criss-crossin'. He's
dialog: smarter'n a dog. But he ain't got us
dialog: boxed yet... Blue'll get him.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. RAILROAD BRIDGE DAY
text: A trestle built of creosoted timber. The dogs reach it, break
text: up into a milling, confused mass. Dogboy wrestles them out
text: of the trestle. In b.g. as always, Blue's plaintive BAYING.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BRIDGE
text: as Dogboy fights the dogs to get them across.
text: ANGLE ON FAR SIDE OF BRIDGE
text: as Dogboy hauls at the dogs who are pulling in different
dialog: directions.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT DOGBOY
text: exhausted, disappointed, looking around, puzzled.
speaker_heading: NEW ANGLE
text: The dogs are confused, seem to mill around aimlessly.
speaker_heading: DOGBOY
dialog: (almost in tears)
dialog: Dammit.
dialog: (calling)
dialog: Blue! Blue!
dialog: No answer.
scene_heading: EXT. FARMLAND ORCHARD TRACKING SHOT OF LUKE
text: running through the thick overhead cover. It is like a jungle.
text: PULLING UP SLOWLY to HELICOPTER SHOT, we SEE that the cover
text: is only a small patch of foliage and on the other side is a
text: huge panorama of rolling, empty moor-like country in which,
text: after a moment, Luke enters, a tiny figure, running free.
scene_heading: EXT. CAMP (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: The men are coming out of the mess hall, washing their spoons,
text: about to line up for inspection. A Highway Patrol car pulls
text: up outside the gate; from the back seat comes the yipping of
text: dogs. Every head turns. The Captain moves from his rocker
text: and starts down the porch. Boss Paul and Godfrey move toward
dialog: the car.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON PATROL CAR (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: as the Officer (seen at the railroad station) gets out and
text: opens the front door. He nudges a sleeping, grizzled figure
text: who emerges. It is Dogboy. The back door is opened and Rudolph
text: and the other small dogs leap out, cavorting, glad to be
text: home. Then the Officer and Dogboy go to the trunk. The Officer
text: opens it. Dogboy reaches in and carries out -- the body of
text: Big Blue. Staggering with fatigue, tears in his eyes, Dogboy
text: stumbles up to the Captain.
speaker_heading: DOGBOY
dialog: Look, Cap'n. Look what he done to
dialog: Blue. He's dead, Cap'n. Dead! Run
dialog: hisself plumb to death. That crazy
dialog: sadis Cool Hand Luke run her 'til
text: her heart bust.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DRAGLINE KOKO
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: He made it.
scene_heading: EXT. BARRACKS (NIGHT)
speaker_heading: CARR'S VOICE
dialog: Forty-eight, Boss. One in the box
text: and one in the bush.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD
text: The Bull Gang is working at the bottom of a high embankment
text: and the guards stand on the road high above their heads,
text: looking down, shotguns out now, alert. The men work away at
text: a rackety pace.
scene_heading: EXT. GODFREY'S EYES (DAY)
text: as he turns at the SOUND of a distant motor approaching and
text: the image of a car coming closer enlarges in his glasses.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD
text: The car pulls up beside the guards and the door opens. The
text: Captain steps up to the road edge and looks down. He says
dialog: something to Boss Paul.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Awright, hold it!
text: The men stop working, puzzled, looking up. Then from the car
text: a guard escorts Luke to the edge of the pavement. Luke grins
text: down at the men sheepishly. His prison uniform is filthy and
text: torn, his hands are cuffed behind his back, his face is dirty
text: and stubbled.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD PAN REACTIONS OF MEN
text: They are stunned, saddened.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LUKE, CAPTAIN, GUARDS
text: Behind Luke are Godfrey, Paul, Bosses Six and Seven and the
text: Captain. Kean and Shorty flank the gang. The guns are held
text: levelled at the men. One guard uncuffs Luke's hands; others
text: produce a sledge hammer, ballpeen hammer and a set of leg
text: irons from the Captain's car. Two guards kneel before Luke
text: and begin hammering on the irons. Silence except for the
text: HAMMERING AND CLINKING. Luke is silhouetted, a tall, straight
text: figure on the low horizon. The Captain looks directly ahead.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (to Luke)
dialog: You gonna get used to wearing them
dialog: chains aftera while, Luke. But don't
dialog: you never stop listenin' to them
dialog: clinkin'. That's gonna remind you of
dialog: what I been sayin'.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah, they sure do make a lot of
dialog: cold, hard, noise, Captain.
text: The Captain feeds his fury staring, then reaches out his
text: hand and Boss Paul lays the blackjack in it. As the chain
text: guards finish and stand up, trembling with rage, the Captain
text: takes a convulsive step forward and brings the sap down behind
text: Luke's ear. As Luke tumbles down the littered embankment
dialog: toward the men:
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Don't you never talk that way to me!
dialog: You hear? You hear? Never!
text: His rage subsides and his voice becomes calm, reasonable.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (to the men)
dialog: What we got here is a failure to
dialog: communicate. Some men you can't reach,
dialog: that is they just don't listen when
dialog: you talk reasonable so you get what
dialog: we had here last week, which is the
dialog: way he wants it, well he gets it,
dialog: and I don't like it any better than
dialog: you men.
text: Nodding curtly, the Captain gets back in his car. Someone
text: throws a shovel down the embankment. It CLATTERS until it
text: lands beside Luke. Dragline and the others are by his side,
text: helping him to his feet. Above Godfrey stares down at them.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DRAGLINE, LUKE AND OTHERS
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Awright, buddy. You be awright. You
dialog: give 'em a run for their money. Jus'
dialog: take it slow and easy, baby. You
dialog: gonna make it fine.
text: As Luke tries to get his bearings, someone thrusts the shovel
text: into his hands and they get him going like a rusty piece of
dialog: machinery.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Come on, buddy. Show 'em you're
dialog: awright.
text: Luke seems to nod and begins to work slowly. The others back
text: away, glancing fearfully at the guards, go back to work,
text: quiet and sullen.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LUKE
text: He is working with great difficulty, stiff, tired, aching.
speaker_heading: BOSS KEAN'S VOICE
dialog: Awright, let's eat them beans.
text: Luke stumbles gratefully toward the chowline.
scene_heading: ON THE CHOWLINE
text: Dogboy dishing it out to Luke. Dogboy is gleeful, gloating.
speaker_heading: DOGBOY
dialog: I knew they'd git you. With them
dialog: chains an a bonus of a coupla years,
dialog: you runnin' days is over forever.
dialog: Ah'd like to see you try to run agin.
dialog: You gettin' so you smell so bad, I
dialog: could track you myself.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: For a natural born son of a bitch
dialog: like you, that oughta be easy.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE THE MEN
text: as Luke settles down with his beans, the others find spots
text: around him so he is the focus of the group. We SEE Tattoo in
text: chains, forlorn. Luke wolfs his food hungrily.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Jus' take it slow, buddy.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: (unable to restrain
dialog: himself)
dialog: What happened? How far did you get?
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Shut up. Let him eat. Don't pay them
dialog: no mind, boy.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: (urgently)
dialog: I gotta know -- How... how'd they
dialog: get you?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (between mouthfuls)
text: Topflight police work.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: Tell us about it.
speaker_heading: BLIND DICK
dialog: You steal a car?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah, found one in this supermarket,
text: keys in the ignition.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Well, how far didya get?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (eating)
dialog: Fat mile'n a half. Hit this red light,
text: highway patrol pulls up alongside.
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE
dialog: Didya fight it out with him?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Nope. I jus' kept lookin' straight
text: ahead waiting for that light to
dialog: change. And he kept lookin' over,
dialog: wondering what somethin' that looked
dialog: like me was doin' drivin' a shiny
dialog: new car.
speaker_heading: ALIBI
dialog: And then...?
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: Then he leans over and sees this
dialog: state issue... All there was to it.
dialog: Feller's probably a lieutenant by
dialog: now.
text: Luke continues to shovel in his beans. The men are clearly
text: disappointed. Only Dragline understands.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Well now we jus' gonna lay low and
dialog: build time and afore you know it the
dialog: heat'll be off you and things be
dialog: back where they was. Right, sweet
dialog: buddy?
text: Luke winks and slaps Dragline affectionately on the cheek.
text: During this last, Luke has been idly winding a piece of kite
text: string found on the ground beside him. As, idly, he shoves
text: it into his pocket.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BOSS KEAN LATER
text: The gang has resumed working, Kean stands looking out at the
text: horizon, not talking directly to Luke, just leaning on his
text: gun, following Luke whenever he moves, his voice as calm and
text: secure as a priest in his study.
speaker_heading: BOSS KEAN
dialog: Ah hears tell you don't believe in
dialog: no God, Luke. Ah was wonderin' how
dialog: come a nice lookin' feller like you
dialog: come to get put on the Hard Road.
dialog: But now ah reckons ah knows. Ah been
dialog: on the Road Gang for twenny-two year,
dialog: Luke, and in all that time I ain't
dialog: never killed no white man but I ain't
dialog: afeerd to cause a body has to do his
dialog: work. And I ain't never seen no man
dialog: that wasn't afeerd to die neither.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: 'Scuse me, Boss. Don't mean to
dialog: interrupt... but... caught short
dialog: here.
text: Boss Kean is stunned.
speaker_heading: BOSS KEAN
dialog: (slow, dangerous)
dialog: Awright, Luke. Thas okay... You go
dialog: on up there in them trees. Man's
dialog: gotta have some privacy sometime.
dialog: But you grab a bush and keep shakin'
dialog: it, hear? Jes' so we know you're
dialog: there. Jes' keep shakin' that bush.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yes, boss.
text: He begins to trot off, awkward in his chains. Kean looks at
text: Godfrey who snaps his fingers to Dogboy, a gesture that means
text: rifle. Dogboy runs to the truck and brings back the rifle
text: which Godfrey loads and arms with the bolt from his pocket.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LUKE
text: Slowly walking off into the rough grass, his chains catching
text: on brush and stumps. He disappears behind a large bush.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT GODFREY
text: Luke's bush is in distance. He raises the gun to his shoulder
dialog: and FIRES.
scene_heading: REVERSE HIS P.O.V.
text: The bush shakes, we can't see Luke.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I'm shakin' it, Boss. I'm shakin'
dialog: it!
text: We see the dust kick up behind the stump and another SHOT.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Still shakin' it, Boss.
scene_heading: CLOSE SHOT GODFREY
text: impassively: SHOOTS again, aiming.
scene_heading: REVERSE HIS P.O.V.
text: The bush goes on shaking. Then it stops.
speaker_heading: GODFREY
text: Caught loading. He brings up the rifle fast, FIRES.
scene_heading: CLOSE THE BUSH
text: It is still.
speaker_heading: FULL SHOT
text: The gang stops working, looks up stunned.
text: ANGLE ON BOSS KEAN AND GODFREY
dialog: A long beat of shock -- they (and us) think Godfrey's hit
text: him. Boss Kean trots hurriedly up to the bush.
text: ANGLE BY THE BUSH
text: Boss Kean appears, looking down and off. CAMERA ADJUSTS so
text: we see what he sees: a piece of kite string tied to the bush
text: and leading off into the brush.
speaker_heading: BOSS KEAN
dialog: Damn!
text: He turns and rushing back down toward Godfrey, others.
speaker_heading: BOSS KEAN
dialog: He's gone! Git the dogs!
scene_heading: EXT. DIRTY ROAD (DAY)
text: It is a rutted country road with farms on both sides. Luke
text: appears, a filthy wide-eyed, stumbling, bearded beast in
text: filthy uniform and chains. PAN with him past sharecropper's
text: village of ramshackle huts, rusted junk. An OLD NEGRO WOMAN
text: sees Luke and goes inside, closing the door. PAN with him to
text: a General Store where an OLD NEGRO MAN watching, quickly
text: retreats inside leaving only two small Negro boys (BEN and
text: LAWRENCE) staring at Luke as he shambles toward them.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: (looking at chains)
dialog: Whattaya got them on for?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: How do you take your pants off?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Well -- the best way is to take the
text: leg irons off first.
dialog: (to Lawrence)
dialog: But you ain't strong enough.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Strong enough for whut?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You couldn't heft an axe.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: Can, too.
text: He's off, running toward a house. In the distance now, we
text: hear the dogs baying, coming closer. Luke smiles at Ben.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Ben.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: Had'n you better take them stripes
dialog: off your pants?
text: Smiling, Luke sits in the dirt and begins ripping off the
text: stripes as Lawrence appears, dragging a huge double-bitted
text: axe behind him.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (to Ben)
dialog: You wanna see somethin' funny? Go
dialog: get some chili powder, pepper, curry,
dialog: dried mustard and like that. A lot
dialog: of it.
text: Ben rockets off and Luke turns to see Lawrence, struggling
text: mightily, attempting to bring the axe over his head and down
text: on the chains.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hold it!
text: He takes the axe, sets the chains up on a stump and begins
text: to back heavily, BAYING OF DOGS growing louder.
speaker_heading: LAWRENCE
dialog: No, me, me. Let me do it!
text: Lawrence cries and stomps unhappily, clouding up dust as
text: Luke severs the chain from one shackle. Ben APPEARS with an
text: armload of spices.
speaker_heading: BEN
dialog: Here's them spices.
dialog: (looks at Lawrence,
text: crying, stomping)
dialog: What's wrong with him?
text: Luke begins backing away, scuffing his feet in the dust,
text: pouring out the spices as he goes.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LUKE
text: stopping at Lawrence. The baying of the dogs is much closer
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You remember how them dogs do when
dialog: they get here so you can tell me
dialog: about it someday.
text: He is gone.
scene_heading: ON DOGS IN DISTANCE
text: They are approaching quickly.
speaker_heading: ON VILLAGE
text: Some of the people have reappeared, now go back inside.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON DOGS
text: They fill the FRAME, milling around the empty street,
text: sneezing, howling, stirring up dust, pawing at their noses.
speaker_heading: CLOSE LAWRENCE
text: He is peeping from a corner. His tears stop and he smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD CLOSEUP YOYO TRANSITIONAL DEVICE (DAY)
text: ...cutting away at the time.
scene_heading: INT. CAGE TRUCK (PROCESS) (DAY)
text: as it passes the Negro Church.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE'S VOICE
dialog: Thas the church. After he chopped
dialog: off those old chains and whilst he
dialog: was layin'd down the pepper --
speaker_heading: GAMBLER'S VOICE
dialog: I heard it was curry powder.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE'S VOICE
dialog: It was pepper and curry powder and
dialog: dry mustard. Now shut your face.
dialog: Whilst he was layin' down them spices,
dialog: Luke heard them choir practicin' in
text: there. So he just sauntered inside,
dialog: cool's kin be, and sung along with
dialog: them... my baby Luke... and he was
dialog: still singin' when the dogs come by,
text: singing and grinning and eatin' the
text: food the people had brung him.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD TRANSITIONAL DEVICE
speaker_heading: EXT. ROAD (DAY)
text: The bull gang at the end of bean time.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL'S VOICE
dialog: Awright, let's git to work.
text: Dragline and the others deposit their chow plates, pick up
text: their yoyos and start to work.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: He ain't eating beans fer lunch.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: He's eatin' steak and corn with butter
dialog: and green beans and...
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE
dialog: ...fried clams, pizza, chocolate,
text: malted milkshakes.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: (yoyoing)
dialog: ...and a Brown Bomber.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (yoyoing)
dialog: Shut your mouth. He's out there doin'
dialog: it for all of us.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS (DAY)
text: It is Saturday afternoon. Carr is distributing mail and
text: packages, the men clustered around; others lying on bunks,
dialog: making wallets, etc.
speaker_heading: CARR
dialog: Magazines for you, Dragline!
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DRAGLINE
text: Dragline sits up from his bunk, astonished.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Magazines? Who's sendin' me magazines?
text: He looks at the package. Carr has tossed on his bunk.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: From mah uncle? Ah never heard from
dialog: him in eight years and now he's
dialog: sendin' me magazines. He musta gone
dialog: crazy.
text: He has torn open the package, looks through the magazines,
text: which are movie fan books, lies back to flip the pages. In
text: b.g. Carr is continuing the mail call. Suddenly Dragline's
text: eyes widen, his mouth opens, but he catches himself and closes
text: it before he has revealed himself.
scene_heading: INSERT THE PICTURE
text: It is taped to page in the magazine. It shows Luke in a suit
text: and tie, holding up four aces and a joker in one hand, arms
text: around two buxom over-made strippers. On the table in front
text: of them is a giant bottle of champagne and glasses. Scrawled
text: across it is something in Luke's writing.
scene_heading: ANGLE DRAGLINE KOKO SOCIETY RED OTHERS
text: Seeing Dragline's reaction, they have gathered around.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Looka that! Two of them. Oh my...
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: I'm dyin'. I'm dyin'.
text: Dragline suddenly realizes the danger and closes the book so
text: Carr and the Wicker Man don't catch on. The others reluctantly
text: move away. Dragline casually hands the magazine to Society
dialog: Red.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: What's the writing say?
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: (opening to the
dialog: picture, reading)
dialog: Dear Boys. Playing it cool. Wish you
dialog: were here. Love, Cool Hand Luke.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Oh my. Oh my... Give it back here!
text: Red surrenders the magazine. Dragline opens it again and a
text: look of pure bliss settles over his face.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Lemme see it!
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (violently)
dialog: Get away!
text: He looks over at Carr but Carr has moved away, is talking to
text: the Wicker Man, his back to the men. Koko, Loudmouth Steve,
text: Gambler and the others hurriedly cluster around Dragline.
text: Their voices are eager intense whispers.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Lookit the brunette...
speaker_heading: BLIND DICK
dialog: The blonde's gotta better set.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
text: Some legs.
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE
text: They must be six feet tall.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: ...And the champagne.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: (from his bunk)
dialog: Domestic.
speaker_heading: TRAMP
dialog: Wonder how he got the dough.
speaker_heading: ALIBI
dialog: He's probably a salesman. You can
dialog: make pretty good money if you know
dialog: what your doing in selling.
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: A salesman! Cool Hand Luke a salesman?
speaker_heading: BLIND DICK
dialog: He's probably a gigolo.
speaker_heading: MECHANIC
dialog: Or a con artist.
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE
text: The head of the rackets.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: (reverently)
dialog: Oh lookit that brunette.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Mah baby! We're diggin' and dyin'
dialog: but our boy Luke is lovin' and flyin'.
text: They all gaze at the picture with loving, dreamy, painful
text: rapture.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS (NIGHT)
text: Blackass time, dull, sad, boring. Koko sits idly flicking
text: cards from the poker deck, men staring into space. The cards
text: sail by Society Red who is clipping his nails.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: Stop that.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: How about you tryin' to make me?
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: Oh for...
text: They slowly subside.
speaker_heading: KOKO
text: Dragline, lemme look at the picture.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (feigned innocence)
dialog: What for?
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE
dialog: Yeah, Drag. Get it out for a look.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: You're just a kid. Whatta you know
dialog: about it? You don't wanna see that
dialog: dirty picture. Luke and those broads
dialog: an' all that booze.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Come on, Drag. Lemme take a look.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: It'd go to your coconut head. You'd
dialog: start getting ideas. Maybe even pass
dialog: right out.
speaker_heading: BLIND DICK
dialog: Dragline! Be a buddy!
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: How much you figure it's worth, a
dialog: peek at this here picture? A quick
dialog: look, I'm not talkin' about no
dialog: memorizin' job.
speaker_heading: KOKO
text: A cold drink.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: A cold drink? You mean one cold drink?
dialog: To feast yore starvin' fishy l'il
dialog: eyes on The Picture? A true vision
dialog: of Paradise itself? With two of the
dialog: angels right there in plain sight a-
dialog: friskin' round with mah boy?
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: A cold drink? Okay?
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Well --- okay. It's a deal. One cold
dialog: drink, if'n you please. In advance.
dialog: One chilly bottle right here in mah
dialog: hot l'il hand... That goes for the
dialog: rest of you mullet-heads, too.
text: Activity as the men dig out coins to purchase drinks. Dragline
text: pulls out the magazine and the men all gather round, gazing
text: into it as though it were a crystal ball. Suddenly the wicker
text: door slams open and as the men look up...
speaker_heading: THEIR P.O.V.
text: Luke is dumped to the floor, face down, unconscious, by Boss
text: Paul, Boss Kean, others. The Captain is standing there over
text: him. Luke wears a new prison uniform and two sets of chains.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: (to Luke)
dialog: You run one time, you got yourself a
dialog: set of chains. You run twice, you
dialog: got two sets. You ain't gonna need
dialog: no third set because you're gonna
dialog: get your mind right... And I mean
dialog: right.
text: He looks at the men who are stunned by the juxtaposition of
text: their hero in The Picture and the reality of the unconscious
text: figure before them.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Take a good look at your Cool Hand
dialog: Luke.
text: With his foot he prods Luke over onto his back.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON LUKE
text: As he rolls over we can see he has been badly beaten.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE THE MEN
text: As the Captain turns and walks out past the guards who follow,
text: and the wicket chute CLANGS shut, Dragline, Koko and others
text: move forward and gently lift Luke onto the poker table.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Oh mah poor baby. They done you real
dialog: good... I don't know if you gonna
dialog: have them gals chasin' after you for
dialog: a while...
scene_heading: CLOSE ON LUKE
text: lying, eyes closed.
scene_heading: SOCIETY RED'S VOICE
dialog: I've got some aspirin.
speaker_heading: KOKO'S VOICE
dialog: They half killed him.
speaker_heading: ALIBI'S VOICE
dialog: He should have a doctor.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE'S VOICE
dialog: Don't you never learn nuthin'? They
dialog: ain't gonna let no doctor see what
dialog: they dont to him...
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DRAGLINE, OTHERS
text: Dragline looks up at Carr who stands hovering above them.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Carr, kin we use your razor to clean
dialog: up where they cut his head?
text: Carr moves off to his canteen area.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON LUKE
text: as Blind Dick, Gambler, others move in...
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: How you feelin', buddy?
speaker_heading: TRAMP
text: He don't hear.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: Somebody get him something to drink.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: Here.
text: Gently he tucks two aspirin tablets into Luke's mouth, holds
text: a cup of water to Luke's mouth. Luke's eyes slowly open, he
text: drinks the water.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: That's my baby.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: He's gonna be awright.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE ON MEN
text: as Carr moves in with a razor, bandage, etc. The men clear
dialog: to give him room.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Luke?... We got the picture! See?
text: He holds it up.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON LUKE
text: His eyes squint open, close.
scene_heading: BLIND DICK'S VOICE
dialog: A pair of beauties. Best I ever seen.
speaker_heading: TATTOO'S VOICE
dialog: You really know how to pick 'em.
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE'S VOICE
dialog: Tell us about 'em. What were they
dialog: like?
scene_heading: CLOSE ON LUKE
text: as his lips open. He speaks slowly, painfully.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Picture's a phoney... Cost me a week's
dialog: pay.
scene_heading: NEW ANGLE THE MEN
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: A phoney? Whatta you mean, a phoney?
speaker_heading: GAMBLER
dialog: We saw the broads.
speaker_heading: BLIND DICK
dialog: Yeah. Did you have them both at once
dialog: or --
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: It's a phoney. Made it up just for
dialog: you guys.
scene_heading: LOUDMOUTH STEVE
dialog: Aw, come on. We saw it all.
speaker_heading: TATTOO
dialog: The champagne.
speaker_heading: TRAMP
dialog: Some life.
speaker_heading: FIXER
dialog: You really had it made.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Nothin. I had nothin, made nothin.
dialog: Couple towns, couple bosses. Laughed
dialog: out loud one day and got turned in.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: (about to cry)
dialog: But -- but --
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: That's all there was. Listen. Open
dialog: your eyes. Stop beatin' it. And stop
dialog: feedin' off me. Now get out of the
dialog: way. Give me some air.
text: Stunned, the men shrink back.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
text: He ain't himself. He's all beat up.
dialog: Cain't you see that? He don't know
dialog: what he sayin'.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD DAY
text: Luke is working with great difficulty, pained, weary under
text: the double set of chains. Bosses Paul and Kean stand right
text: over him, watching every move.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON GODFREY
text: standing far behind, his mirrored eyes on Luke.
speaker_heading: ON LUKE
text: moving, he stumbles on the chains, gets hit by Paul's cane.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: You was eyeballin', Luke. You can't
dialog: gitcha mind on them weeds if yer
dialog: eyeballin'...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (wearily)
dialog: Boss, you don't need reasons to hit
dialog: me.
text: He gets the cane again.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Gonna learn you not to back sass!
scene_heading: EXT. THE BOX (NIGHT)
text: as Luke is slammed into it and the door is closed.
scene_heading: INT. THE BARRACKS (NIGHT)
text: The poker game is in progress: Dragline, Koko, Blind Dick,
text: Gambler, Tattoo with Tramp behind him. Society Red stands at
text: the window, looking out as he brushes his hair.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: He'll never make it.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
text: He doesn't know when to give in.
dialog: They'll kill him.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Give in? That's our Luke out there.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
text: That ole box collapse and fall apart
text: before Luke calls quits.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: Your Luke's got more guts than brains.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: I don't see no sign of guts in you.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: No. No chains either.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: (heating up)
dialog: You ain't man enough to wear them!
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: But you're dog enough. Maybe they'll
dialog: let you sleep outside the box near
dialog: your master.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: Big deal paper hanger! Hell, anyone
dialog: who can write can pass fifty-sixty
dialog: dollar checks. Like breakin' open a
dialog: piggy bank.
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: You've been having bad luck with
dialog: masters, haven't you? Your last one
dialog: left you when the cops came... and
dialog: now Luke. You should complain to the
speaker_heading: S.P.C.A.
speaker_heading: KOKO
dialog: (rushing him)
dialog: You phony creep!
text: Dragline steps in to separate them.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Awright, that's enough. You wanna
dialog: end up in the box, too?
text: The tire rim sounds.
speaker_heading: CARR'S VOICE
dialog: First bell! First bell!
scene_heading: INT. MESS HALL (NIGHT)
text: The men file in from work, sullen and quiet, Dogboy serving
text: but without his usual chatter. Higgins leans back, unusually
dialog: alert.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON DOORWAY
text: Suddenly Luke appears, unshaven but cleaned up and in his
text: uniform. The men make room as he moves to his accustomed
text: place at the head of the line, before Dynamite.
speaker_heading: DOGBOY
dialog: Here's our champeen hog gut. Ain't
dialog: et for four days, gonna need a little
dialog: extra... Well we got plenty for you...
text: He's heaping food onto Luke's plate.
speaker_heading: DOGBOY
dialog: (continuing)
dialog: Now you know the rules... gotta eat
dialog: everything on the plate or go back
dialog: in the box, right, Boss?
text: Higgins nods, Dogboy continues to pile it on. When Luke tries
text: to move on, Dogboy reaches out and grabs the plate with his
text: free hand and continues to ladle it out. Behind Dogboy, Jabo,
text: the cook, looks sympathetic to Luke.
speaker_heading: JABO
dialog: (to Dogboy)
dialog: We ain't got but one pot of stew,
dialog: you know. He ain't the only one
dialog: eatin'.
speaker_heading: DOGBOY
dialog: (piling it on)
dialog: Man use to Free World food gotta big
dialog: appetite... so here's some more
dialog: potatoes and here's some ice cream
dialog: and some cake with choclat fudge
dialog: sauce... there you go, stretch that
dialog: hog-belly right out.
text: Luke looks at the impossibly piled plate and moves off.
scene_heading: LUKE AT A TABLE
text: He is eating with great difficulty, finally puts his spoon
text: down and his eyes close with weariness. Koko reaches over
text: and takes a bite off the plate. Luke sits there and one by
text: one the men get up and file out, each one passing behind
text: Luke and taking a bite until, as Deacon takes the last
text: mouthful, the plate is empty and Luke stands up and leaves.
speaker_heading: EXT. CAMP YARD (DAY)
text: It is Saturday afternoon. The men have just returned from
text: the road. Luke moves slowly toward the barracks, Dragline
text: helping him.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: You made the week, boy. Plenty of
dialog: time to rest up for old Monday.
text: They move a few feet until confronted by...
scene_heading: THEIR P.O.V. BOSS PAUL AND BOSS KEAN
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Luke!
text: Kean steps forward, draws a long line in the dirt of the
text: yard, barring the path, moves three feet back and draws a
text: parallel line.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Boss Kean say that's his ditch. I
dialog: tol' him that their dirt is yore
dialog: dirt. What's yore dirt doin' in his
dialog: ditch?
text: Luke looks up at them blindly.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (weakly)
dialog: I don't know, Boss.
text: Boss Paul canes him and the other prisoners scatter. Boss
text: Kean throws a shovel at Luke's feet.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: You git yore dirt outa his ditch,
dialog: boy!
text: Luke takes up the shovel and starts to dig.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Roll! I wanna see you roll it!
text: He canes Luke across the back, Luke digs.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BARRACKS
text: It is later. The men sit on the stoop, the usual Saturday
dialog: activities.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LUKE
text: He is hidden up to his waist in the trench he has dug, about
text: three feet deep and wide and as long as the lines Kean drew.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON MEN
dialog: watching.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON BOSS SHORTY
text: walking along briskly, feigns surprise at seeing what Luke
text: is doing. He stops.
text: TWO SHOT BOSS SHORTY AND LUKE
speaker_heading: BOSS SHORTY
dialog: Luke, what you think you doin'?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (not stopping)
dialog: Diggin' my dirt outa Boss Kean's
dialog: ditch, Boss.
text: Shorty is carrying a hoe handle with which he hits Luke on
text: the head. Luke slumps to the ground.
speaker_heading: BOSS SHORTY
dialog: Be damned iff'n you gonna put your
dialog: dirt in mah yard. You hear me?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (getting to his feet)
dialog: Yes, Boss.
speaker_heading: BOSS SHORTY
dialog: Then git it out there. Roll it, heah?
text: Luke begins slowly shoveling the dirt back into the ditch.
text: Boss Shorty nods with satisfaction and walks away.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON LUKE (LATE AFTERNOON)
text: The dirt is almost all back in the ditch. A shadow falls on
text: the dirt beside him. A walking stick falls across his buttocks
text: and he staggers to his knees.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL'S VOICE
dialog: Ah done told you to get yore dirt
dialog: outa Boss Kean's ditch, didn't ah?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (getting to his feet)
dialog: Yes, Boss.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Then how come it ain't done yet?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I don't know, Boss.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: You don't know!
text: He canes Luke on the back of the legs. Luke falls and rolls
text: over and Paul canes him across the head. Luke gets up on all
text: fours and makes a rush right at Boss Paul. He is so weak and
text: uncoordinated that the attack does nothing but smear blood
text: and dirt over Paul's uniform. The guards beat Luke away and
text: he falls on his back in the soft dirt.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS (NIGHT)
text: The men are restless, their efforts to ignore what's happening
text: are futile. Dragline gets up and looks out the window into
text: the yard. Koko leans over beside him. He holds the picture.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE'S P.O.V.
text: Luke under the lights, working again, slowly, dumps a shovel
text: full of dirt and hasn't the strength to move the shovel.
text: Momentarily, he stops moving and is hit. We HEAR the thud
text: and the groan he gives.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS (NIGHT)
text: Dragline goes back to his bunk. We HEAR another thud and a
text: cry from outside. Dragline begins to WHISTLE. Koko begins to
text: chink his chains. Onionhead and Dynamite join in with their
text: chains. Other prisoners rhythmically beat on bunk posts.
text: Only Society Red does not join in.
scene_heading: EXT. YARD (NIGHT)
text: Luke works. From inside we HEAR the music from the prisoners.
text: Boss Paul and Boss Kean appear.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: What's all this dirt in the yard?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I... I... I...
text: He can't talk. Paul hits him and he falls again on the dirt.
text: Paul hits him again.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Please! Please!
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Git to work!
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Don't hit me! Please, for God's sake,
dialog: don't hit me.
speaker_heading: BOSS KEAN
dialog: What was that? What was that name
dialog: you said, Luke?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: God. I pray to God you won't hit me.
dialog: (he grovels in the
dialog: dirt before them,
text: tears streaming down
dialog: his cheeks)
dialog: I'll do whatever you say, but I can't
dialog: take no more. Please.
scene_heading: TWO SHOT PAUL AND KEAN
text: A trace of smiles.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: (kindly)
dialog: You got your mind right, Luke?
speaker_heading: CLOSE LUKE
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yes, Boss. I got it right.
scene_heading: ON KEAN AND PAUL
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Supposin' you was to backslide on
dialog: us, Luke? Supposin' you was to
dialog: backsass or try to run again...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: No, Boss! I won't. I won't. I got my
dialog: mind right. I got it right, Boss.
dialog: Please don't hit me no more.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS (NIGHT)
text: The music has stopped, the men listening.
speaker_heading: ON KOKO
text: His face tightens into an expression of contempt, hatred. He
text: grabs the picture on the bunk beside him and violently tears
dialog: it in half.
scene_heading: EXT. YARD LUKE, BOSSES PAUL AND KEAN (NIGHT)
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: (kind and reasonable)
dialog: Luke, you run again and we'll kill
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I know, I know. Just don't hit me.
text: The Captain steps in -- out of the dark. He has been watching
text: from his porch.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Okay, son. Go get shaved and cleaned
dialog: up and get you some sleep. I reckon
dialog: you need it.
text: Luke slowly struggles to his feet and begins painfully
text: stumbling toward the barracks.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS (NIGHT)
text: as the chute opens and Luke staggers inside and the door is
text: slammed behind him.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I got my mind right. I got it right.
text: He stumbles toward his bunk, passing Tattoo and Alibi who
dialog: turn away embarrassed.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I got my mind right.
text: Others like Dragline and Koko stare straight ahead, not seeing
text: him; Society Red has his back turned; Dynamite, Blind Dick,
text: Loudmouth Steve meet his gaze contemptuously.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (collapsing on his
dialog: bunk)
dialog: Where are you now? I got my mind
dialog: right. You hear me? I got it right!
dialog: Silence.
speaker_heading: EXT. ROAD (DAY)
text: The gang is working. Over a week has passed. Luke's wounds
text: are healed. He works in a slow, spiritless way, broken.
speaker_heading: CLOSE GODFREY
text: looking somehow less menacing.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
text: He is sitting, not even looking at the men, relaxed, pulls
text: out watch looks over to Godfrey in b.g. Godfrey nods.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Awright, smoke it up.
text: The men break and sit down for smoking.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Luke! Water 'em.
text: Without a moments hesitation, Luke jogs over and gets the
text: water pail and dipper from Rabbit and moves to the group of
dialog: men.
scene_heading: CLOSE THE GROUP
text: as Luke moves around filling their cups. The men are silent,
text: some embarrassed, some sympathetic, some confused, some
dialog: disappointed.
speaker_heading: CLOSE GODFREY
text: He signals with his cane for his rifle.
speaker_heading: ON RABBIT
text: He hurries to the cab of the truck, gets Godfrey's rifle.
text: The other men, but not Luke, watch as Godfrey slips in the
text: bolt, loads, fires at something out in the swamp.
speaker_heading: ON BOSS PAUL
text: As Godfrey takes bolt out of rifle, returns the gun to Rabbit.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: Go git it, Luke.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yes sir, Boss Paul!
text: Grinning, cheerful, he begins to hobble away through the
text: swamp and grass.
text: CLOSE ANGLE ON TURTLE IN THE MUCK
text: Luke's hands COME INTO FRAME AND OFFER the head a stick. The
text: jaws clamp down on the stick and Luke lifts the turtle up.
scene_heading: FULL SHOT LUKE
text: grinning, holding up the turtle by the stick.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Here he is, Boss. Deader'n hell but
text: he won't let go.
speaker_heading: THE GROUP
text: as Luke walks back through them carrying the turtle.
speaker_heading: BOSS PAUL
dialog: You cut that up fer lunch, Luke.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yes, Boss.
text: He moves off toward the trucks with the turtle, and we HOLD
text: on the disappointed reactions of the men, featuring Dragline.
text: Then there is the SOUND of a motor starting.
text: ON THE GROUP NEW ANGLE
text: as they turn to look, as one man.
speaker_heading: THE TRUCK
text: as Luke tries to get it in gear, there is the SOUND of gears
text: grinding and as the truck begins to move the bed of the dump
text: body begins to raise. The truck begins to move past the
text: prisoners, away from the guards.
speaker_heading: ON THE GUARDS
text: As they begin to run toward the truck, raising their guns.
speaker_heading: ON DRAGLINE
text: on his feet.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Oh Lord!
speaker_heading: SOCIETY RED
dialog: That fool. That damn fool.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Oh mah baby Luke.
text: He starts to run like hell toward the truck coming past.
speaker_heading: ANGLE ON GUARDS
text: stopping to fire but bullets ricochet off the rising bed of
text: the dump body.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT PARALLELING TRUCK
text: Dragline running alongside trying to grab the door handle.
text: Inside Luke, grinning fiercely, as he drives. SHOTS sounding.
text: Dragline gets hold of the door, swings inside. HOLD AND PAN
text: the truck off down the road until all we can see is the steel
dialog: dump body.
scene_heading: REVERSE THE ROAD
text: It is littered with tools and equipment dumped from the truck
text: body. The guards stand there, their guns empty.
speaker_heading: BOSS KEAN
dialog: (from another truck)
dialog: He's taken the keys. He's got the
dialog: keys!
text: Boss Shorty pokes his head out of another truck.
speaker_heading: BOSS SHORTY
dialog: Here, too.
scene_heading: INT. TRUCK LUKE AND DRAGLINE
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: We're free, Luke. You terrible man.
dialog: Think of that. We're free. Free!
text: Over them, appears the SUPERIMPOSED image of Godfrey's
text: glasses, the Man With No Eyes, watching them, denying
text: Dragline's words.
speaker_heading: LONG DISSOLVE:
scene_heading: EXT. PALMETTO SWAMP
text: Dragline is exuberantly hacking away at palm fronds to cover
text: the truck while Luke is filing away at his chains.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (rattling frond)
dialog: Shakin it here, Boss. Shakin it...
dialog: Oh my baby Luke.
text: He laughs, shakes his head in appreciation. Luke ignores
text: him, continues to file. Dragline does another worshipful
dialog: imitation.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Don't hit me no more, Boss! Don't
dialog: hit me! I'll do anythin' you say but
dialog: just don't hit me! Oh Luke. You are
dialog: an original, you truly are. You really
dialog: fooled them.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Foolin', Hell! I would have eaten
dialog: that dirt for them. They coulda used
text: my head for a shovel and a my face
dialog: for a broom... They just never did
dialog: get a piece of my mind.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: And all the time you was plannin' on
dialog: runnin' again.
text: Luke has filed through the chains, stands up.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah, well... I never planned nothin'
dialog: in my life...
text: He tosses the severed chain link into the swamp and starts
text: to walk off, Dragline hurrying behind him.
scene_heading: EXT. NEAR NEGRO VILLAGE (DUSK)
text: Luke and Dragline appear, tired and cold. Dragline is having
text: trouble keeping up. Seeing this, Luke stops and rests, looking
text: off at church visible in distance.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Whoee, it's cold. Wisht I had
dialog: somethin' to eat. Bread, grits, beans
dialog: even. Soon's we get to my house,
dialog: we're gonna have us one big meal and
dialog: then I'm gonna show you some farm
dialog: girls that...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: We ain't goin' nowhere.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: (confused)
dialog: What you talkin' about, Luke? We're
dialog: together, you and me, just like
dialog: always. Now the thing we gotta work
dialog: out is how to get Koko outa there
dialog: and then the Terrible Trio be all
dialog: complete again. Man, this old Free
dialog: World ain't gonna know which ear to
dialog: stand on.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Yeah, well, you and Koko kin handle
dialog: it without me.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: What you mean, Luke?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: I've done enough world-shakin' for a
dialog: while. You do the rest for me. Send
dialog: me a postcard about it.
text: He gets up, starts off.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: But, Luke...
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Take it easy, Drag.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Luke. Where you goin?
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: On my own.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: But what am I gonna do all by myself?
dialog: (hangs head)
dialog: Oh if'n I hadn't lost mah head. I
dialog: only had two more years to go. But
dialog: when I saw you tearin' down with
dialog: that truck... But you right Luke. We
dialog: oughta split up. Be safer for us
dialog: both.
text: He looks up. Luke is in the distance.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Luke?
dialog: (calls out)
dialog: Just the same, you're a good old
dialog: boy, Luke. You take care, hear?
text: There is no answer.
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: EXT. NEGRO VILLAGE (NIGHT)
text: as Luke trots down the main street, passes the church.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Hey, Old Man! You home tonight?
text: He starts across the bridge.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: If you kin spare a minute, it's about
dialog: time we had ourselves a little talk.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH
text: Luke mounts the steps of the lectern, looks up.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Old Man, I know I'm a pretty evil
dialog: feller who killed people in the war
dialog: and got drunk and chopped up municipal
dialog: merchandise and like that. I admit
dialog: ain't got no call to ask for much.
dialog: But even so, you ain't dealt me no
dialog: cards in a long time. I mean it's
dialog: beginning to look like you got it
dialog: fixed so I can't never win out. Inside
dialog: or out, it's just different bosses
dialog: and different rules. Where am I
dialog: supposed to fit in? Old Man, I got
dialog: to tell you: I started out pretty
text: strong and fast but it's starting to
dialog: get to me... When does it end?...
dialog: What you got in mind for me next?
dialog: Old Man. What do I do now? Awright.
dialog: On my hands and knees a skin'. Yeah.
dialog: That's what I thought. I guess I'm
dialog: just a hardcase and I gotta find my
dialog: way out myself.
text: We HEAR the SOUND of vehicles outside, telling Luke that the
text: police have arrived. He starts for the back just as Dragline
text: enters from the side entrance. Seeing him, Luke looks up at
text: the ceiling.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Is that your answer, Old Man? You're
dialog: a hardcase too, ain't you?
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Luke, are you alright?... They got
dialog: us, boy. They're out there thicker'n
text: flies. Bosses and dogs and sheriffs
dialog: and more guns than I ever seen in my
dialog: life. We don't have a chance, Luke...
dialog: They caught up with me right after
dialog: we split up and they was aimin' to
dialog: kill you, Luke. But I got 'em to
dialog: promise if you give up peaceful,
dialog: they wouldn't even whip you this
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: (amused)
dialog: Do we even get our same bunks back?
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Why sure, Luke. I mean I didn't talk
dialog: to them about that. But why not?
dialog: They're reasonable, Luke. Hell, we
dialog: only been gone a coupla hours.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: You don't understand a thing, do
dialog: you, Drag?
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Luke, you got to listen to me. All
dialog: you got to do is just give up nice
dialog: and quiet, just play it cool.
speaker_heading: LUKE
dialog: Like I always do?
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Thass right. Just play it...
text: He sees Luke moving toward the window.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Luke, what are do doin'?
speaker_heading: OMITTED
scene_heading: ANGLE BY WINDOW
text: as Luke steps out of pitch black into the harsh light in
text: full view, calm, slight smile, having chosen his moment. His
text: voice is loud, clear, mocking:
speaker_heading: LUKE
text: WHAT WE GOT HERE IS A FAILURE TO
text: COMMUNICATE...
text: A SHOT! It catches Luke in the throat and throws him back,
text: but he stays in the light, still smiling.
speaker_heading: DRAGLINE
dialog: Luke!
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCHYARD (NIGHT)
text: ON guards and police, FEATURING Godfrey, who holds his smoking
text: rifle. There are confused SHOUTS and movements by the
text: sheriffs, but the Captain and the prison guards only look
text: toward Godfrey, then turn away, stoic.
scene_heading: INT. CHURCH
text: as Luke falls to one knee, trying to hold himself up. Dragline
text: is by his side, helps him up and to the door.
scene_heading: EXT. CHURCHYARD (NIGHT)
text: where Bosses Kean and Paul move in to handcuff Luke. Dragline,
text: seeing Godfrey, bellows out an INCOHERENT ROAR and charges
text: past the surprised guards to knock Godfrey to the ground,
text: tear his glasses from him. Confused, bewildered, Godfrey
text: gropes for the glasses as the prison guards beat Dragline
dialog: into submission.
scene_heading: ANGLE ON CHURCH (PRE-DAWN) (NIGHT)
text: as Luke, handcuffed behind his back, is being led toward the
text: Captain's car by Bosses Paul and Kean. He is half-paralyzed,
text: blood pouring from him. The Captain has turned his back on
text: Godfrey, talking to the Sheriff.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: You follow me and I'll radio the
dialog: emergency clinic to open up...
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: I'm takin' him to the prison hospital.
speaker_heading: SHERIFF
dialog: But that's an hour away. He ain't
dialog: gonna last twenty minutes.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: Git outa the way. He's ours.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT LUKE
text: as he is brought past Dragline, who is being held by several
text: guards. Tears stream down Dragline's cheeks. Luke looks at
text: him, still smiling as he is pushed into the Captain's car.
scene_heading: LUKE INT. THE CAR
text: as it begins to move out. In the b.g. across the road we SEE
text: the Negro villagers watching, silently. The window of the
text: car is up and the reflections on the glass make Luke already
text: dim, a little distant.
scene_heading: MOVING SHOT THE CAR (DAWN)
text: as it moves down the road, over the trestle. It is the mystic
text: hour of dawn, the sun's rays just diffusing as we watch the
text: car until it disappears over the rise in the road.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD CLOSE ON YOYO (DAY)
text: The yoyo is swinging in the sun. As the shot WIDENS we SEE
text: it is Dragline, wearing chains, wielding the yoyo and now we
text: SEE the others working around him. Godfrey is gone; Boss
text: Paul is now the Walking Boss. The MUSIC gains strength and
dialog: speeds as
text: Dragline works with strong, certain grace and determination
text: and the others also seem more vital and free as imperceptibly
text: the CAMERA PULLS BACK and RISES SLOWLY TO:
speaker_heading: HELICOPTER SHOT
text: as the men grow smaller in the limitless field of gold
text: stretching in all directions as far as the eye can see,
text: intersected by four roads that reach out to infinity. Now
text: the men are specks, now invisible in the fields and there
text: are only the roads, lines in the gold, going on forever.
text: OVER THIS, SUPERIMPOSE the PICTURE OF LUKE, now scotch-taped
text: together, HOLD and
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
dialog: 
