dialog: 
speaker_heading: SUGAR
dialog: Written by
dialog: Anna Boden &amp; Ryan Fleck
scene_heading: 1 EXT. ACADEMY FIELD - DOMINICAN REPUBLIC - DAY
text: A high angle looking out over a well-manicured baseball field
text: carved out of a tropical jungle. A game is currently in
dialog: progress.
text: A1 ON THE FIELD
text: Wearing KANSAS CITY KNIGHTS uniforms, mostly Black and dark-
text: skinned Dominicans as well as several lighter-skinned
text: Venezuelans (17-22 years old) are set in their positions, poised
dialog: for the next pitch.
text: CLOSE ON the pitcher, MIGUEL SANTOS (aka AZÚCAR/SUGAR - 19,
text: lean, Black and handsome). Sweat drips down his face in the
text: oppressive midday heat. He steadies his glove and ball at his
text: chest, peeking over at the RUNNER on first base. Miguel lifts
text: his leg high into the air, rears back his right arm, and FIRES
text: the ball toward the plate.
text: THUD! A cloud of dust pops off the CATCHER'S mitt as the ball
text: slams inside.
speaker_heading: UMPIRE
dialog: Strike three!
text: The BATTER lowers his head, helpless in the face of Miguel's
text: overpowering fastball.
text: FROM THE DUGOUT, Miguel's TEAMMATES CHEER him on. HEAD COACH
text: REYES (dark-skinned, 30s) nods approvingly, CLAPS.
text: BEHIND THE HOMEPLATE BACKSTOP, a dozen rookie players also in
text: Kansas City uniforms cheer for their team. Two YOUNG PLAYERS
text: clocking Miguel's pitches look at each others' radar guns, which
dialog: read 92 and 93 MPH.
text: As the next batter steps up to the plate, Miguel's catcher, JOSE
text: (18), taps his index finger on his thigh, calling for an outside
text: fastball.
text: The next pitch is popped up on the infield between first and
text: home. Miguel locates the ball, points to the sky, but Jose and
text: first baseman, PEDRO BERROA, nearly collide, as the ball lands
text: between them and the runners reach base safely.
text: B1 FROM THE OBSERVATION TOWER, the ACADEMY'S DIRECTOR, LEANDRO B1
text: ALVAREZ (light-skinned, late 50s) and several other COACHES and
text: SCOUTS jot down notes on their clipboards.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 2.
text: C1 ON THE FIELD, Miguel glares at Pedro, who averts his eyes, and C1
text: kicks the dirt.
text: Miguel looks in for the sign from Jose, nods, and delivers a
text: tight fastball that sends the batter stumbling backwards to the
dialog: dirt.
text: Some players LAUGH and heckle the batter. Others point angry
text: fingers at Miguel, who greets the batter back to the plate with
text: a friendly, but authoritative, grin.
text: He sends in the next pitch and the batter swings right through
text: it, getting nothing but air.
scene_heading: 2 INT. ACADEMY DINING ROOM - NIGHT 2
text: The TEAM (about 35 young men) gather around several tables for
text: their standard baked chicken and rice lunch. The mood is
text: friendly and playful as players tease each other across the
text: tables. Miguel, sitting with his friends MARCOS (2nd base) and
text: ALFONSO (3rd Base), works on a second helping of dessert.
speaker_heading: MARCOS
dialog: Check out Sugar... Puts on twenty
dialog: pounds in two months; now he's going
dialog: for twenty more.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (mouth full of food)
dialog: All muscle, baby. Rock solid.
text: For some NEW PLAYERS, distinguishable in the sea of BLUE
text: uniforms by their BLACK "tryout" jerseys and ragged sneakers, it
text: is their first healthy meal, and they eat as if it were their
text: last. One of them, SALVADOR (Black, scrawny, 17) holds his
text: plate up to his mouth, shovelling food down his throat.
speaker_heading: PEDRO
dialog: Slow down, kid, it ain't going nowhere.
text: A few of the guys LAUGH.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (to Pedro)
dialog: If you hustled half as much as him,
dialog: maybe you'd be hungry too.
text: The other guys "ohhhh" Miguel's insult, as Salvador and Miguel
text: exchange subtle grins.
dialog: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 3.
scene_heading: 3 INT. ACADEMY CLASSROOM - SAME DAY 3
text: Kids crowd around in a circle, repeating after the animated
text: English instructor, SEÑOR SANCHEZ, who goes over some English
text: BASEBALL TERMS in the center. As he repeats the terms, he
text: enthusiastically pantomimes the meanings of each.
speaker_heading: SANCHEZ
dialog: Fly ball.
speaker_heading: CLASS
dialog: Fly ball.
speaker_heading: SANCHEZ
dialog: Line drive.
speaker_heading: CLASS
dialog: Line drive.
speaker_heading: SANCHEZ
dialog: Ground ball.
speaker_heading: CLASS
dialog: Ground ball.
speaker_heading: SANCHEZ
dialog: Home run!
speaker_heading: CLASS
dialog: Hone rone!
text: CLOSE ON Miguel, repeating the strange words.
scene_heading: 4 INT. RECREATION ROOM - SAME NIGHT 4
text: It's dark, and most of the team sits around an old TV set
text: watching the climactic final scene of Field of Dreams dubbed in
text: Spanish. Kevin Costner asks his father to play catch in a voice
dialog: that sounds nothing like Kevin Costner.
text: Miguel passes through the room, and we follow him out of the rec
text: room down a hall, and into...
scene_heading: 5 THE WEIGHT ROOM 5
text: ...where he sits down at the bench press, lowers his head in
text: thought. TRACK IN CLOSE as he crosses himself, mouths a prayer,
text: then leans back onto the bench.
text: TRACK OUT as he lifts the bar, and begins a set of presses.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 4.
scene_heading: 6 EXT. ACADEMY FIELD - DAY 6
dialog: The Kansas City Director of Minor League Operations, RUDY
text: HUBBARD (white, 40s), watches a TRYOUT SESSION, where TWO SKINNY
text: TEENS in worn street clothes pitch to uniformed catchers. Their
text: AGENT talks on a cell phone nearby.
text: Alvarez, the academy director, approaches one of the kids,
text: whispers in his ear. The kid smiles tentatively.
text: Alvarez joins Rudy and they speak in English.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: What'd you tell him?
speaker_heading: ALVAREZ
dialog: I told him to grip the ball more
text: gently. Like a tit.
text: They both crack up.
text: FROM THE TRYOUT MOUND. The kid looks over to the two men pow-
text: wowing about him. He breathes in, nervous...
scene_heading: 7 BATTING CAGE - MINUTES LATER 7
text: Pedro, sweating hard, takes a few cuts, but only seems to be
text: hitting weak ground balls and foul tips.
speaker_heading: ALVAREZ
dialog: Pedro Berroa. Third year. Hasn't
dialog: developed like we hoped.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: How much he sign for?
speaker_heading: ALVAREZ
text: Forty-five.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Jesus. These kids keep getting more
dialog: expensive. How much did you sign for
dialog: back in the day?
speaker_heading: ALVAREZ
dialog: 3000. When I was fifteen.
text: Rudy smiles and moves on. Alvarez follows. Pedro watches the
text: men as they walk away.
scene_heading: 8 BULL PEN MOUNDS - MINUTES LATER 8
text: Alvarez and Rudy approach a PITCHING COACH instructing Salvador.
text: Miguel warms up next to him.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 5.
speaker_heading: ALVAREZ
dialog: Salvador Torres. Been practicing with
text: the team for almost a week. Still raw,
dialog: but he's got a lot of potential.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: We gonna sign him?
speaker_heading: ALVAREZ
dialog: Soon. Soon. We want to play it low-
dialog: key, see what his agent says.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: How much you think?
speaker_heading: ALVAREZ
dialog: They've gotten two offers from other
dialog: clubs. Agent says they were around a
dialog: hundred.
text: Rudy raises his eyebrows.
speaker_heading: ALVAREZ
dialog: (firm)
dialog: He's good.
text: Rudy looks over to Miguel.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: What about him?
speaker_heading: ALVAREZ
dialog: Miguel Santos. Great arm. We signed
dialog: him two years ago for fifteen.
text: Miguel fires in a pitch. Rudy nods, impressed.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Good deal. He throw any junk?
speaker_heading: ALVAREZ
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Sugar!
text: Miguel looks over, sees the American with Alvarez.
speaker_heading: ALVAREZ
dialog: Show us your curve.
text: Miguel nods, nervous, focuses. He pitches. The ball curves
text: very subtly over the plate for a strike.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Not bad. Mind if I try something?
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 6.
text: Miguel looks back to the men.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Hey, kid, do you mind? May I?
text: Miguel stares blankly at Rudy, not understanding.
speaker_heading: ALVAREZ
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Give him the ball.
text: Miguel hands Rudy the ball, and Rudy demonstrates how to handle
text: a knuckle curve ball, which looks strangely unorthodox, with the
text: index finger tucked against the baseball.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: Spike curve. Gives you more rotation,
dialog: more movement.
dialog: (hands Miguel the ball)
dialog: You try.
text: Miguel struggles to emulate Rudy's grip, so Rudy maneuvers his
text: fingers into the correct position. Alvarez laughs.
speaker_heading: ALVAREZ
dialog: Vamos! Let's go! Pitch it!
text: Miguel looks over to his catcher, Jose. Winds up the next
text: pitch, and soars it 5 feet wide of the mark.
text: Rudy and Alvarez laugh. Miguel looks back over his shoulder.
speaker_heading: RUDY
dialog: It's okay, son, these things take time.
dialog: You'll figure it out.
text: Rudy pats Miguel on the back and walks off with Alvarez. Miguel
text: stares at them hard as they go. He turns back to his catcher,
text: determined, squeezes the ball in spike curve formation.
dialog: Delivers.
text: Misses badly again. JUMP CUTS take us through a half-dozen more
text: bad curve attempts, as other players take notice and gather
text: around, some laughing, until...
text: ...finally a perfect curve twists dramatically through the air,
text: landing centered in Jose's mitt.
text: The other players erupt in amazement, while Miguel stares
text: straight ahead. After a beat, he smiles wide.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 7.
scene_heading: 9 INT. ACADEMY CLASSROOM - DAY 9
text: Sr. Sanchez stands in front of a chalkboard, reading off lines
text: of a scripted ENGLISH DIALOGUE for the class to repeat. The
text: class' version of the words are jumbled and incomprehensible.
speaker_heading: SANCHEZ
dialog: I want to talk to you.
speaker_heading: CLASS
dialog: I want talk to you.
speaker_heading: SANCHEZ
dialog: Your performance in the mound is not as
dialog: good as last year. What is the
dialog: problem?
speaker_heading: CLASS
dialog: Your performance in the mound is not
dialog: good as last year. What is problem?
speaker_heading: SANCHEZ
dialog: I don't know. Maybe my mechanic.
speaker_heading: CLASS
dialog: I don't know. Maybe mechanic.
speaker_heading: SANCHEZ
dialog: I want to give you a chance. It is up
dialog: to you...
text: CLOSE ON Miguel focused on the baseball in his hand. He
text: practices his knuckle curve grip, not participating in the
dialog: lesson.
speaker_heading: CLASS
dialog: I want to give you a chance. Is up to
dialog: you...
scene_heading: 10 EXT. BASEBALL ACADEMY - MORNING 10
text: Miguel walks down a dirt road with his duffel bag. He exits
text: past the gate, waving goodbye to the SECURITY GUARD.
text: A10 Beyond the manicured lawns and landscaped gardens of the A10
text: Academy, Miguel passes through the overgrown, undeveloped land
text: where neighborhood CHILDREN play among grazing goats. He
text: continues down the dirt road towards a paved highway in the
text: distance, as bachata music fuels the sound track, and carries
dialog: over the following...
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 8.
scene_heading: 11 INT. MOVING BUS - DAY 11
text: Thick stalks of sugarcane race through the frame. CLOSE ON
text: Miguel staring out the bus window. On his way home, he
dialog: passes...
text: A11 --half-clothed children flying a homemade kite. A11
text: B11 --a truck of bananas barrelling by with a boy perched on top. B11
text: C11 --an old man sitting by the street, looking straight at Miguel. C11
text: D11 --flaming sugarcane alongside the road. D11
text: E11 --three children wedged between their parents on a motorbike. E11
text: F11 --the tall, wheezing smokestack of the Cristobal Colon sugar F11
dialog: refinery.
scene_heading: 12 EXT. STREET - SAN PEDRO DE MACORIS - DAY 12
text: Miguel hops off the bus with his duffel, climbs the pedestrian
text: walkway passing over dozens of rusty railroad cars used for
dialog: transporting sugarcane to the refinery. We PAN Miguel across
text: the bridge, revealing burning smokestacks in the distance.
scene_heading: 13 EXT. SIDE STREET - MINUTES LATER 13
text: Modest homes line the neighborhood, fashioned from corrugated
text: tin, painted in bold colors, no two houses alike. A skinny pig
text: roams a barren lot. A group of WOMEN with their hair in curlers
text: sit on crates around a dominoes table. They wave their hellos
text: to Miguel, who smiles back.
text: Local KIDS play stickball in a trash-strewn clearing with
text: makeshift mitts fashioned from old milk cartons or cardboard.
text: They see Miguel and rush toward him as he paces up the block,
text: SHOUTING his name.
text: As Miguel approaches home, he makes eye contact with a girl,
text: ERICA (15), buying water from a delivery truck. She smiles.
text: With the kids still clamoring around Miguel, he stops, unzips
text: his duffel and hands out some used baseballs. The kids grab the
text: balls, then run off to play.
text: Miguel approaches Erica. She puts down her water bucket, gives
text: Miguel a hug.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: How are you, sis?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Any news about the States?
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 9.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Is that all you have to say?
text: Miguel helps Erica with the water bucket and walks with her
text: towards their home - a small wooden construction with peeling
text: paint and a rusted aluminum roof. On the lot next to their
text: house, the cinder-block frame of their future home dwarfs the
text: others on the block.
scene_heading: 14 INT. MIGUEL'S HOME - NIGHT 14
text: Miguel and Erica enter the house, where their brother LUIS (7)
text: watches an enormous television, which feels incongruous in the
text: middle of the tiny, dilapidated home. The reception is still
dialog: crappy, though.
text: Miguel's grandmother, ABUELA, sits upright on her mattress in
text: the corner of the room.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Hello, Abuela. You're looking
dialog: beautiful.
text: She smiles big at her oldest grandson, opens her arms for a hug.
text: Erica sits at the kitchen table, where her schoolbooks lay open.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: What's up my people? How's the TV?
speaker_heading: LUIS
dialog: Erica won't let me watch baseball.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Not during American Idol, anyway.
text: Miguel's mother, CARMEN (late 30s) emerges from behind a hanging
text: bed sheet, which acts as a "wall" separating two rooms.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Buenas, Miguelito! Do you have any
dialog: good news for your mother?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: As a matter of fact, yes.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: You're going to the United States?!
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Not yet, ma... But I learned how to
text: throw a knuckle curve.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: A knuckle curve? What's that?
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 10.
text: A GROUP of KIDS gather at the window.
speaker_heading: KIDS
dialog: Sugar, come out and play!
scene_heading: 15 EXT. STREET - NIGHT 15
text: Gathered under the only functioning street lamp, Miguel rears
text: back and throws in a swooping curve, that causes the BATTER to
text: flinch out of the way, as it breaks perfectly over the plate.
text: Carmen, Luis and the rest of the barrio ONLOOKERS, "oooohh", the
text: impressive curve.
text: Miguel notices a group of GIRLS eyeing him from across the
text: street. His eyes stop on one, SOFIA (17). They exchange grins.
scene_heading: 16 INT. MIGUEL'S HOME - NIGHT 16
text: Miguel's family - minus Miguel - watches a soap opera. Carmen
text: and Erica are in dialogue with the TV.
text: The CAMERA PANS away from the family, out the back window, where
text: the new home is being constructed. We ZOOM IN on the structure
text: covered in plastic tarp.
scene_heading: 17 INT. CONSTRUCTION LOT 17
text: Amidst tools, dry cement, a half-finished wooden dining table,
text: and other assorted construction materials, Miguel has sex with
text: Sofia on a work table.
scene_heading: 18 INT. CONSTRUCTION LOT - LATER 18
text: Miguel throws on his t-shirt. Sofia looks at the wooden dining
text: table. It's artfully done, with details etched into the legs.
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: When will you finish this?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
text: Soon. It's just hard to find the time.
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: It's pretty.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I'm trying to match the chairs my dad
dialog: made, but I can't get it right.
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: Well, I think it's perfect.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 11.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I'll make you another when I'm done.
text: Sofia smiles, kisses Miguel on the cheek.
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: And the rest of the house? How long
dialog: till it's done?
text: Miguel hesitates.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Um, another month, maybe two... You
dialog: know we just did it where Abuela's room
dialog: is going to be...
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: (laughing)
dialog: Don't tell me that!
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Why not? We can do it in mom's kitchen
text: next. Right over there.
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: (getting serious)
dialog: I hope you make it to the States this
dialog: year.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: You hope? C'mon, there's nobody
dialog: better, baby.
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: (smiling big)
dialog: Okay, how about: I KNOW you'll make
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Now you're talkin'. And when I do,
dialog: I'll buy a Cadillac, drive it through
dialog: the ocean, and bring you back with me.
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: You can't drive a Cadillac on water.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Yes! In the States they make cars that
dialog: drive on water.
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: You're crazy.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 12.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: You'll see who's crazy. Just watch.
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: I want to see the snow. Does it snow
dialog: in Kansas City?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I don't know. But I'll take you to New
text: York City. Yankee Stadium. It snows
dialog: there. You wanta see me play in Yankee
dialog: Stadium?
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: It doesn't snow during baseball season,
dialog: silly.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: So we'll go for Christmas.
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: Promise?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Next Christmas, we'll sail into Yankee
dialog: Stadium in my Cadillac car-boat. Deal?
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: You are crazy!
text: They kiss.
scene_heading: 19 EXT. MALECÓN - NIGHT 19
scene_heading: Miguel, Sofia, JAVIER (Black, 22) JAMIE (Black, 26) and
text: ALEXANDRA (one of Sofia's friends) hang out by the malecón
text: (waterside), drinking rum and dancing to merengue that blasts
text: out the open doors of a nearby car. The mood is festive.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: (mid-story)
dialog: I liked her, but she asked me to cut my
dialog: hair. I thought about it. She was
dialog: cute, but... I liked my hair more.
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: I liked it too, Javi.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Then why'd you cut it last week?
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: I thought it was time for a new look.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 13.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Or a new girl.
text: Sofia punches Miguel in the arm.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Watch it, baby, that's a million-dollar
dialog: arm you're messing with.
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: He's right! All hail the golden arm.
text: Javier and the girls drunkenly salute Miguel's arm, pretend to
text: dust dirt away, but Jaime doesn't play along. He looks on, a
dialog: little jealous.
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: You call that flabby rubberband an arm?
speaker_heading: JAVIER
dialog: Oooh...
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
text: This flabby rubberband can throw 95.
dialog: What can yours do?
speaker_heading: JAIME
dialog: I threw 98 in double-A Portland.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: 98? Then why you washing windshields
dialog: now? I saw you try and bumrush Javy at
dialog: the stoplight last week.
text: Everyone cracks up laughing, including Jaime, as Miguel grabs
text: Sofia, and leads her in a dance.
text: His smile fading, Jaime looks out over the water. Miguel
text: notices this. Hold.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN PEDRO TOWN - MORNING
dialog: 20 20
text: Various Sunday morning images establishing Miguel's hometown:
text: --A dewey mist covers an empty baseball field, surrounded by
text: acres of tall sugarcane.
dialog: --Women hang laundry on the line to dry.
text: --A rooster walks alone through a graveyard.
text: --People spill out of church into the road.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 14.
text: --MIDDLE-AGED MEN drink beer in the dugout during a softball
dialog: game.
scene_heading: 21 EXT. EMPTY LOT FIELD - DAY 21
text: A makeshift diamond is overrun with weeds, ditches, stones, and
text: trash for bases. Donkeys graze in the outfield, unphased by the
text: LITTLE KIDS (10-14 years old) playing around them.
text: A YOUNG PITCHER fires in a fastball that BEANS the YOUNG HITTER
text: in the back.
text: IN THE BLEACHERS, TWO MIDDLE-AGED MEN drink beer and
text: occasionally heckle the kids.
speaker_heading: HECKLER #1
dialog: You're supposed to aim for the head!
text: Nearby, Miguel sits beside his old coach, FRANK (early 40s),
text: watching the kids play. One of the local SHOE SHINE BOYS cleans
text: Miguel's shoes with an old toothbrush as Frank cracks open a
text: beer. Frank points out one of the kids on the field.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I like this one. Good bat speed. Only
dialog: twelve years old, out here four, five
dialog: hours everyday. His mom tells me he's
dialog: missing school. I say, yeah, but...
dialog: have you seen his swing?
text: They laugh.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'm showing his older brother to the
text: Yankees on Monday.
text: Miguel nods, a hint of disappointment in his eyes.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (seeing this)
dialog: They don't know what they missed with
dialog: you. It's cool though. They'll be
dialog: knocking on your door, offering
dialog: millions when you turn into a
dialog: superstar. You'll see...
text: Miguel nods, appreciating the vote of confidence.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Have you been to New York?
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 15.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Nothing like playing for a crowd of New
text: Yorkers. They're even louder than
dialog: Dominicans.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: What's the city like?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: It's great. But you need to get to
dialog: Kansas City before you start thinking
dialog: about New York. Know what I mean?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: You hear anything about spring training
dialog: yet?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Yep.
text: Frank sips his beer.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: And?
text: Frank shrugs, as Miguel's sister calls out from the street--
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Miguel, Luis! Dinner is ready!
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: You'd tell me if you knew.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Maybe.
text: Miguel shakes his head, gets up.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Wanna join us for dinner?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Not tonight. But give your mom a kiss
dialog: for me, okay?
text: Miguel gives a coin to the boy who's been cleaning his shoes
text: before heading off with his little brother.
text: Frank sips his beer, calls out to the field--
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: C'mon, Nelson! Fire it in, baby!
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 16.
scene_heading: 22 EXT. ACADEMY FIELD - EARLY MORNING 22
text: A mist hovers over the empty field.
scene_heading: 23 EXT. ACADEMY ENTRANCE ROAD - SAME TIME 23
text: A group of Academy EMPLOYEES shuffle down the dirt road on foot.
scene_heading: 24 INT. ACADEMY DORMITORY - SAME TIME 24
text: Miguel, laying awake in the upper bed, hears his bunk-mate,
text: Alfonso, stirring beneath him. Miguel peers over, sees Alfonso
text: discreetly pop several pills from a plastic baggy. They make
text: brief eye contact before Alfonso heads out of the room.
scene_heading: 25 INT. ACADEMY KITCHEN - DAY 25
text: Several middle-aged women sit on buckets near an open door,
text: peeling yucca. A man fries eggs at the grill, preparing
dialog: breakfast for the players.
scene_heading: 26 INT. ACADEMY DINING ROOM - DAY 26
text: The players eat breakfast. The mood is strangely quiet.
scene_heading: 27 INT. ACADEMY CLUBHOUSE - DAY 27
text: The signed players sit around in uniform, while the unsigned
text: "trial" players wear their black jerseys. Coach Reyes addresses
text: them in mid-speech.
speaker_heading: REYES
dialog: A lot of you are thinking about your
dialog: families right now. Your girlfriends,
dialog: sisters and brothers, grandparents.
dialog: You're feeling the pressure. But, I'm
dialog: going to tell you something very
dialog: important, gentlemen... forget it.
dialog: You've got to think about yourselves.
dialog: Put all your energy into your game,
dialog: into your development as a player.
dialog: Forget about everything else in your
dialog: life... and just play ball. You wanna
dialog: succeed, you gotta be like a racehorse,
dialog: focused on your goal. It's up to you.
scene_heading: 28 EXT. ACADEMY BUILDING - DAY 28
text: Several players work out on bars attached to the side of the
dialog: building.
text: As Miguel lowers himself after a set of pull-ups, he notices a
text: shiny, black, luxury SUV drive into the academy parking lot.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 17.
text: Miguel watches as Alvarez gets out of the driver's seat, doing
text: business on his cell phone.
scene_heading: 29 EXT. ACADEMY FIELD - LATER 29
text: Miguel exercises his pitching arm by stretching an elastic tube
text: tied against a chain-link fence. As he stretches, he watches a
text: group of players line up for a sprint drill, sizing up his
dialog: future competition.
text: Salvador, wearing his black jersey, races for his life, beating
dialog: all the others.
scene_heading: 30 EXT. ACADEMY FIELD - LATER 30
text: The sweat-drenched players line up according to their positions,
text: waiting their turns to participate in a double-play drill, where
text: the pitchers cover first base.
text: Miguel awaits his turn, watching another pitcher, EDDY, run to
text: first to receive a throw from second base, but before Eddy can
dialog: catch the ball...
text: ...he twists his ankle tripping over the bag.
text: The coaches rush over to Eddy, who is on the ground wincing in
text: pain. Miguel and the rest of the team watch in nervous
text: anticipation as Eddy struggles to his feet, limps off the field
text: with the aid of another player.
speaker_heading: REYES
dialog: Next up, Miguel! Here we go!
text: The ball is hit on the ground to first base, where the fielder
text: quickly throws it over to second. Miguel charges over to first,
text: stutter steps as he nears the base, and receives the throw just
text: in time to beat the hitter and step out of the way. He exhales
dialog: in relief.
scene_heading: 31 INT. CLUBHOUSE SHOWERS - DAY 31
text: The players shower after a gruelling day of workouts.
scene_heading: 32 INT. CLUBHOUSE - DAY 32
text: Miguel lounges with an elaborate ice-wrap around his shoulder
text: and upper arm as other players get dressed into street clothes.
text: Coach Reyes comes in, spots Pedro.
speaker_heading: REYES
dialog: Berroa, see Alvarez when you're
dialog: dressed.
text: Pedro nods. Miguel and Marcos exchange knowing glances.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 18.
scene_heading: 33 INT. ACADEMY DINING ROOM - NIGHT 33
text: The team eats dinner. At Miguel's table, we catch the punchline
dialog: of a joke...
speaker_heading: MARCOS
dialog: So the Dominican's like, `Fuck, what am
dialog: I gonna do?' He stays there, points up
text: to the sky and says. `Look! There's a
dialog: plane... Right THERE!'
text: Everyone laughs hysterically, as...
text: ...the young rookie, Salvador, grabs a seat next to Miguel at an
text: adjoining table.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Hey, Sugar! They made me an offer.
text: Miguel smiles, but hesitates for a beat as Pedro walks past them
text: and over to an empty table in the corner of the room. Miguel
text: turns back to Salvador, pats him on the head.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Good for you. Congratulations. How
dialog: much they offer you?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: (with a big smile)
dialog: 115,000.
dialog: (sensing the other players
dialog: surprise)
dialog: But, you know, my manager's taking,
dialog: like, forty of it... What'd you sign
dialog: for?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Oh, you know, more or less the same.
dialog: Did you get any other offers?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Yankees and Seattle, but not as much.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Just don't get cocky. No one likes a
dialog: dickhead... Welcome to the team.
text: Salvador smiles.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: So, why do they call you Sugar?
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 19.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Well it's like this... it started cause
dialog: I'm sweet with the ladies. But mostly
dialog: it's cause I got the sweetest knuckle
dialog: curve in the whole Republic.
speaker_heading: ALFONSO
dialog: (interjecting)
dialog: Bullshit! You just learned that shit
dialog: on Friday! It's cause he eats so much
dialog: junk food!
text: Salvador notices two pieces of cake on Miguel's tray.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (playing it cool)
dialog: He's just jealous.
text: Miguel notices Pedro across the room, staring at his food.
scene_heading: 34 INT. ACADEMY RECREATION ROOM - NIGHT 34
text: A dozen players sit around the television, watching a shlocky
text: American horror film on DVD.
scene_heading: 35 IN THE ADJOINING DORMITORY 35
text: Pedro packs his belongings into a KC Knights' duffel bag, when
text: Miguel, Marcos, and Alfonso approach his bunk.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: We got you a going away present.
text: Miguel unzips his windbreaker to reveal a bottle of Brugal rum
text: hidden underneath. The other guys smile mischievously.
scene_heading: 36 EXT. ACADEMY BUILDING - NIGHT 36
text: Miguel, Marcos, Alfonso, and Pedro tip-toe across the gravel,
text: whispering at each other to shut up.
scene_heading: 37 EXT. OBSERVATION TOWER - LATER 37
text: The four players toast their rum in little plastic cups. The
text: bottle is nearly finished.
speaker_heading: MARCOS
dialog: You should try Los Campos. I heard the
dialog: Dodgers could use a new first baseman.
speaker_heading: PEDRO
dialog: Fuck that. The coaches are even
dialog: tougher over there. I'm done, man.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 20.
speaker_heading: PEDRO (cont'd)
dialog: No more curfews, nobody tellin' me what
dialog: to do and how to do it. For real, I'm
dialog: glad this shit's over. I'm a free man.
text: Awkward silence. The players look at Pedro with pity, unsure
text: how to respond. After a beat, Miguel mocks coach Reyes and the
text: others follow suit, mocking Alvarez and the other coaches.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (snatching Pedro's cap)
dialog: No caps indoors, son!
speaker_heading: ALFONSO
dialog: Cut the meat with your knife; eat the
dialog: meat with your fork. NEVER eat the
dialog: meat with your knife.
speaker_heading: MARCOS
dialog: Or you'll chop off your tongue.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
text: Ten p.m. lights out!
speaker_heading: PEDRO
dialog: (in broken English)
dialog: "Tay me outta the ball game, tay me
dialog: outta the crowd..."
text: The other players laugh, join Pedro in a loud whisper...
scene_heading: ALFONSO/MIGUEL/MARCOS/PEDRO
dialog: "...buys me so peanut and crackay-
dialog: yacks. I doe-care if I never get back.
dialog: Roo, roo, roo for home teams, we doe-
dialog: win is a shame..."
text: Pedro breaks off from the song, looks out over the field, on the
text: verge of crying. One by one, the other players take notice and
dialog: stop singing. Silence. Hold.
scene_heading: 38 INT. ACADEMY BATHROOM - DAY 38
text: Hungover, Miguel vomits in the toilet. Reyes opens the stall.
speaker_heading: REYES
dialog: Santos, what the hell's wrong with you?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I think I have the flu, coach. I can't
dialog: pitch today.
text: Reyes glances over to Marcos and Alfonso standing nearby. They
text: lower their heads in embarrassment like two kids busted by dad.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 21.
speaker_heading: REYES
dialog: You've got five minutes to get out on
dialog: that mound, Santos.
text: Reyes marches off.
scene_heading: 39 EXT. ACADEMY FIELD - DAY 39
text: Miguel on the mound. Takes a deep breath. He utilizes every
dialog: ounce of strength to deliver a pitch, and...
text: CRACK! The visiting Detroit Academy HITTER knocks the ball over
text: the left field wall for a homerun, wherein...
text: BLAH! Miguel throws up on the mound. All the players gasp in
text: disgust, but Reyes just laughs.
text: Miguel looks over to Alvarez, sitting under an umbrella with a
text: clipboard, then to Reyes, hoping he'll yank him out of the game,
text: but Reyes just claps.
speaker_heading: REYES
dialog: Feel better now? Let's go!
text: Miguel tries to shake off the cobwebs, steps on the rubber,
text: stares down the next hitter.
text: CLOSE on his hand revealing the knuckle curve grip. He tosses
text: in the next pitch, which arcs into Jose's glove for a...
speaker_heading: UMPIRE
dialog: Strike!
text: Reyes' smile fades, stunned by the beautiful curve.
text: A SERIES OF JUMPCUTS take us through the next three batters, as
text: Miguel makes quick work of them, mixing up his nasty curve with
text: a blazing fastball.
text: After the third out, Miguel walks back to the dugout. He takes
text: a seat on the bench, smiles smugly.
speaker_heading: REYES
dialog: Wipe that smile off your face.
dialog: And he does.
scene_heading: 40 EXT. ACADEMY FIELD - SUNSET 40
text: Miguel, Alfonso, and Marcos run laps around the field as
text: punishment for the previous night's activities. They look as if
dialog: they could pass out at any moment.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 22.
scene_heading: 41 INT. WAITING ROOM - DAY 41
text: Miguel and Marcos sit on a couch in a bare-walled waiting room
text: outside Alvarez's office. They sit quietly, like two kids
dialog: waiting for the principal.
text: Coach Reyes pokes his head out of Alvarez's office, motions them
dialog: inside.
scene_heading: 42 INT. ALVAREZ'S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER 42
text: Miguel and Marcos stare straight ahead, nervously. Alvarez
text: stares at them, icy cold. After a beat...
speaker_heading: ALVAREZ
dialog: I am very disappointed. Just when I
dialog: was starting to like you guys, you go
dialog: and do something stupid. What do you
dialog: have to say for yourselves?
speaker_heading: MARCOS
dialog: But Alfonso was there too--
speaker_heading: ALVAREZ
dialog: --No excuses. This is unacceptable
dialog: behavior. You guys need to learn
dialog: discipline.
text: Miguel and Marcos lower their heads.
speaker_heading: REYES
dialog: You need to remember that you still
dialog: have a long way to go, a lot of hard
dialog: work ahead of you before you make it.
dialog: First, there's getting your shot in the
dialog: American Minor Leagues: rookie ball,
dialog: single, double, triple A - all that
dialog: before you even set foot in a major
dialog: league ballpark. So, you better pull
dialog: it together quick...
speaker_heading: ALVAREZ
dialog: Because nobody's gonna take this shit
dialog: from a couple Dominican rookies when
dialog: you go to the U.S. for Spring Training
dialog: this season.
text: They glance up, eyes wide. Did he just say...
speaker_heading: REYES
dialog: You've been invited to Spring Training.
text: Everyone smiles (even Alvarez).
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 23.
scene_heading: 43 INT. TEXTILE FACTORY - DAY 43
text: CAMERA follows behind the FLOOR MANAGER, as he passes rows of
text: WOMEN of all ages, working on sewing machines for an American
text: underwear company. He stops behind one woman, taps her on the
text: shoulder. The woman removes her earphones, turns around. It is
dialog: Miguel's mother, Carmen.
speaker_heading: FLOOR MANAGER
dialog: Phone call. He said it's important.
scene_heading: 44 INT. FACTORY HALLWAY 44
text: Carmen picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Hello?
text: Hold on her reaction shifting from that of concern to elation.
text: She struggles to contain her joy.
scene_heading: 45 INT. MIGUEL'S HOME - NIGHT 45
text: Miguel opens a new bottle of rum, pours shots for everyone. The
text: whole family and all of Miguel's neighbors are jammed inside the
text: tiny house and spilling out into the street. Merengue blasts
text: from the new home stereo system.
text: FRIENDS and FAMILY pat Miguel on the back. He smiles, basking
text: in the glory of success. Erica kisses Miguel on the cheek.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Don't forget to call everyday. I want
dialog: to know everything!
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Everything?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: You know what I mean, dummy.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Of course I'll be calling to keep you
dialog: in check, make sure your grades don't
dialog: slip.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Look who's talking.
text: Carmen interrupts, drapes her arms around Miguel, kissing him
text: repeatedly. As Erica looks on, we get the sense that she's used
dialog: to being on the outside of this kind of attention.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 24.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: You are my hero!
text: Carmen pulls Miguel close, takes something from her pocket, puts
text: it in his hand.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: It was your father's. I want you to
dialog: take it with you...
text: Miguel looks at the cross, kisses his mother on the cheek. As
text: he looks up, he notices Erica slip away.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: You've been given a wonderful gift,
dialog: Miguelito. And God willing, you will
dialog: continue to do great things with it. I
dialog: love you so much.
text: She kisses him on the forehead.
text: A SERIES OF JUMPCUTS present a variety of family and friends
text: introducing themselves to Miguel.
speaker_heading: UNCLE ANGEL
dialog: Miguelito! You gonna remember your
dialog: uncle Angel when you're all big and
dialog: famous? Don't forget your family, kid.
dialog: Never forget where you came from.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
speaker_heading: COUSIN LUPE
dialog: Lupe! Cousin Lupe! Remember that time
dialog: we went skinny-dipping at the Malecón?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
speaker_heading: COUSING FELIPE
dialog: You were eight years old! Hated the
dialog: goats so much. You would cry and cry
dialog: and cry and cry. What a baby you were.
dialog: Do you remember?
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: What's your name?
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 25.
speaker_heading: AUNT LOLA
dialog: Lola! Your aunt Lola!
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
speaker_heading: UNCLE JEFFE
dialog: Uncle Jeffe!
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
speaker_heading: NEIGHBOR ANA
dialog: Your neighbor Ana. I grew up around
dialog: the corner from here.
text: Ana lays a juicy kiss on Miguel. He smiles.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Don't give me any shit, kid. I taught
dialog: you everything you know.
text: Miguel gives Frank a big hug.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'm damn proud of you, kid. Your
dialog: father would be, too.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Thanks. I owe it all to you.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Not all. Just forty percent.
text: Miguel smiles, as Frank leans close.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I spent the best years of my life
dialog: playing in the States. Life gives you
dialog: a lot of opportunities, but baseball
dialog: only gives you one. Enjoy every minute
dialog: of it.
text: Miguel nods.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: How's your new curve?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: It's pretty sweet.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Good. Here...
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 26.
text: Frank hands Miguel a pen.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: What's this for?
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: Your autograph.
text: Miguel seems puzzled, but searches for something to write on.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I'm kidding, you arrogant prick. It's
dialog: so you can write your family... and me,
dialog: too... if you feel like it.
text: Miguel gives Frank another hug.
scene_heading: 46 INT. MIGUEL'S HOME - LATER 46
text: Miguel dances salsa with Sofia, and then switches partners,
text: dances with Carmen.
text: As he dances close with his mother, he catches a glimpse of
text: Erica standing with some friends off to the side.
scene_heading: 47 EXT. CONSTRUCTION LOT - LATER THAT NIGHT 47
text: Miguel and Erica stand in silhouette, isolated from the party
text: raging outside. Miguel sands one of the legs of the dining
dialog: table.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Where's your boyfriend?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Which one?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I don't know; the ugly one.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Hector?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Okay, where's Hector?
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: (shrugs, then)
dialog: Some other party.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: So what about the good-looking one?
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 27.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Mmm, Fernando... I think he's out there
dialog: dancing with Sofia.
text: Miguel's eyes get big for a second, until Erica smiles. He's
text: been had. He smiles back. A beat.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I'm proud of you, sis. You're going to
dialog: do great things too. We all know it.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: I'm gonna miss you...
text: She kisses Miguel on the cheek.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: C'mon, let's dance.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Go on, I'll be out in a minute. And
dialog: tell Fernando to keep his dirty hands
dialog: off my girl.
text: Through cracks in the tarp, Miguel watches Erica join the dance
text: party in the street.
text: Savoring this rare moment alone, he breathes deep, blows wood
text: dust off the table leg, and continues sanding. Hold.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: 48 INT. AIRPLANE - DAY 48
text: Miguel looks out the window over the dry, Arizona desert.
scene_heading: 49 INT. AIRPORT BAGGAGE CLAIM - DAY 49
text: A duffel bag emerges from the luggage shoot, and slides down to
text: the rotating conveyor belt, where an AMERICAN TOURIST grabs it
text: and exits frame. PAN OVER to Miguel, Marcos and several other
scene_heading: DOMINICAN PLAYERS (including ANTONIO and JULIO) excitedly
text: waiting for their bags. Miguel perks up upon seeing his,
text: quickly snatches it off the belt. The others smile and APPLAUD.
scene_heading: 50 EXT/INT. AIRPORT SHUTTLE BUS - LATE AFTERNOON 50
text: The other Dominican players goof off, while Miguel stares out
text: the windows at the rocky suburban Phoenix landscape. He catches
text: wide-eyed glimpses of wacky shaped cacti, strip malls, and, of
text: course, a drive-thru Starbucks.
text: ON THE RADIO, a conservative talk show host warns listeners
text: about the evils of Iran, suggests war as the only solution.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 28.
scene_heading: 51 INT. HOTEL LOBBY - NIGHT 51
text: The players enter the southwest-style lobby, examining potted
text: cacti, and framed R.C. Gorman reprints on the walls.
scene_heading: 52 INT. HOTEL ROOM 52
text: Miguel and Marcos enter the room, drop their bags and explore
text: everything like big kids away from home for the first time.
text: Marcos turns on the TV, which has a clear reception. He smiles.
text: IN THE BATHROOM Miguel examines the hair dryer on the wall,
text: turns it on and off.
text: KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK. Miguel opens the adjoining suite door to
text: find Antonio and Julio. They push past him, each holding a
dialog: beer.
speaker_heading: ANTONIO
dialog: Check this out.
text: Antonio opens their mini bar, tosses Miguel and Marcos beers.
text: They all toast...
scene_heading: MIGUEL/MARCOS/ANTONIO/JULIO
dialog: To America!
text: Marcos randomly hits buttons on the remote control and
text: accidentally selects an adult pay-per-view movie. The opening
text: credits plunge right into a graphic sex-scene. Their heads
text: immediately jerk over to the TV, stunned.
speaker_heading: MARCOS
dialog: To America!
text: They all smile and toast again.
speaker_heading: KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK
text: Marcos opens the door to find JORGE RAMIREZ (25, an experienced
dialog: minor leaguer who left the KC Knights Dominican camp three years
text: ago) smiling before him.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: What's up fellas!?
speaker_heading: MARCOS
dialog: Jorge!
text: They hug. Jorge enters, notices the beers and porn. He shakes
text: his head.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 29.
scene_heading: 53 EXT. ALL NIGHT DINER - NIGHT 53
text: Through the window we see the players sitting in a corner booth.
text: A semi truck BLASTS through the frame.
scene_heading: 54 INT. ALL NIGHT DINER 54
text: Over beers, the players study their menus in confusion, as Jorge
dialog: does his best to explain how things work.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Never, never, never, drink from the
dialog: hotel mini bar. That shit is
dialog: expensive. You want beer, buy it at
dialog: the store. You wanta see titties?
dialog: They got magazines for that. Don't pay
text: in the hotel.
text: A WAITRESS approaches.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: You boys ready?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: The greatest thing about the States?
dialog: You can order breakfast 24/7. French
dialog: toast is the best. It's nothing like
text: Dominican toast.
dialog: (in English to waitress)
dialog: French toast please.
text: The players stare at Jorge, a little intimidated.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Who's next?
text: After a beat, the players respond in unison...
scene_heading: MIGUEL/MARCOS/ANTONIO/JULIO
text: French toast.
text: The waitress nods and leaves, wherein the players crack up
text: laughing at their first English language dining experience.
scene_heading: 55 EXT. SPRING TRAINING FIELD - DAY 55
text: FROM THE OBSERVATION TOWER, we look down over the multiple-field
text: spring training complex, where the MINOR LEAGUERS work out. The
dialog: vast facilities are triple the size of what we saw in the
dialog: Dominican Republic.
text: A55 ON THE FIELD, Miguel, Marcos, and Jorge stretch out on the A55
dialog: grass.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 30.
text: Jorge, wearing an elastic knee brace, points out a young,
text: AFRICAN-AMERICAN GUY running wind sprints across the field...
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Brad Johnson. He just signed for a
dialog: million dollars out of college.
text: Miguel and Marcos watch Brad with fascination, searching for
text: some sort of physical representation of his wealth.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: There's a lot of guys like that. But
dialog: you can't let that intimidate you.
dialog: Everyone knows Dominicans rule the
dialog: game.
text: Two Venezuelan players, ORLANDO MATO (23, catcher) and ED POVEDA
dialog: (22, center field) step up.
speaker_heading: ORLANDO
dialog: What's this about Dominicans ruling the
dialog: game?
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: No, he must've said Venezuelans.
text: Jorge stands up, exchanges hugs with Orlando and Ed as they
dialog: continue their debate over which Latin country has the best
dialog: players.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Sammy, Manny, Pedro...
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Santana, Zambrano, the Guillens!
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Are you guys all from the same family?
speaker_heading: ORLANDO
dialog: Look who's talking... Are these your
dialog: brothers?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: What, all Dominicans look the same,
dialog: now?
text: They all smile, stop razzing each other momentarily to meet the
dialog: new players.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: This is Miguel and Marcos. Up from
dialog: Boca Chica.
dialog: (to Miguel and Marcos)
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 31.
speaker_heading: JORGE (cont'd)
dialog: Orlando and Ed. We all played in
dialog: Bridgetown together before I moved up
dialog: to Double A and left these fools
dialog: behind.
speaker_heading: ORLANDO
dialog: But you couldn't hang in Wichita.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: I injured my knee, asshole. But I'm
dialog: healthy now. You'll see.
speaker_heading: ORLANDO
dialog: Fifty bucks you're back in Iowa next
dialog: month.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Fifty bucks you're still an asshole
dialog: next month.
text: They all LAUGH.
scene_heading: 56 ON THE FIELD - LATER 56
text: Pitching coach, STU SUTTON (white, 40s), addresses the minor
text: league pitching staff in mid-speech.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: You've gotta show us your best game
dialog: here. Remember that, until you reach
dialog: the top, there's always guys above you,
dialog: hustling to keep you here. And guys
dialog: below you pushing to take your job. We
dialog: have 75 pitchers in this camp competing
dialog: for less than 50 positions come April
dialog: 3rd. So you gotta work hard...
text: While all the players respectfully listen to Stu, it is clear
dialog: that very few of the Latino players can understand him.
scene_heading: 57 LATER ON THE PRACTICE MOUNDS 57
text: Miguel stretches his arm, while observing another group of
text: PITCHERS throwing in the bullpen. He stares at them with
text: intensity, sizing up his new competition.
scene_heading: 58 LATER ON THE FIELD 58
text: Miguel faces off against a HITTER in a simulated game scenario.
text: One, two, three, he strikes him out on three straight pitches.
text: Stu and another COACH exchange impressed looks.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 32.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Bring over Leonard.
text: The other Coach calls over to the adjoining field.
speaker_heading: COACH
dialog: Bring over Leonard!
scene_heading: 59 ON THE FIELD - MINUTES LATER 59
text: ON major league all-star ROB LEONARD in the batter's box,
text: awaiting Miguel's pitch.
text: Miguel takes a deep breath, psyches himself up. He puts
text: everything he has into a hearty fastball, which...
text: ...sails right over the plate for a STRIKE, as Leonard calmly
text: watches and readies himself for the next one.
text: Feeling confident with his stuff, Miguel fires in the next
dialog: pitch, and...
text: WHACK! Leonard sails it over the right field wall.
text: Stu Sutton smiles at Miguel.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Welcome to America, kid.
scene_heading: 60 INT. ALL NIGHT DINER - NIGHT 60
text: CLOSE ON a plate of french toast. Miguel, Marcos, Antonio, and
text: Julio all chow down on french toast again. They eat in silence
dialog: for a few beats, until...
speaker_heading: ANTONIO
dialog: I have to admit... I'm getting a little
text: sick of the french toast.
text: The others nod in agreement, but continue eating.
scene_heading: 61 INT. HOTEL LOBBY - PAY PHONE - NIGHT 61
text: Miguel talks on the phone to Sofia.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I pitched against Rob Leonard today.
text: A61 We INTERCUT with Sofia, at her home in the Dominican Republic. A61
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: No shit! You strike him out?
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 33.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: Liar!
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: You don't believe me?
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Well, I got one strike at least.
text: Sofia laughs.
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: So, do you like it there?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Mmmm... It's different.
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: Different how?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I don't know. Just different. Like
dialog: the food is really sweet.
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: I thought you liked sweet things.
text: Miguel smiles.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: All the players are really good.
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: But not like you.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: No, not like me. Of course not... But
dialog: they're pretty good.
text: Another beat. Sofia looks down at her bare feet, scrunches her
dialog: toes.
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: I miss you.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I miss you, too.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 34.
scene_heading: 62 INT. HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 62
text: Marcos tries to sleep, while Miguel channel surfs through the
text: late night infomercials and reality TV dating shows.
dialog: After a few beats of this...
speaker_heading: MARCOS
dialog: (annoyed)
dialog: Turn it off.
dialog: And he does.
scene_heading: 63 EXT. SPRING TRAINING FIELD - SUNRISE 63
text: Miguel runs laps along the outfield wall in the empty stadium.
scene_heading: 64 EXT. SPRING TRAINING FIELD - GAME DAY 64
text: The Kansas City B-squad is facing off against the Los Angeles B-
text: squad, which is rallying in the top of the 9th.
scene_heading: 65 IN THE BULLPEN 65
text: Miguel warms up, glancing over to the action on the field
text: between pitches. He sees...
text: ...Los Angeles gets another hit, scoring another run, so...
text: ...Stu Sutton walks out to the mound, signals for Miguel.
text: Miguel throws one more warm-up toss and sprints onto the field.
scene_heading: 66 ON THE MOUND 66
text: Miguel arrives, ready for action. Stu hands him the ball, while
text: the catcher, Orlando, translates.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Just relax. Know your pitches. And
dialog: take it easy. Ground ball. Okay?
speaker_heading: ORLANDO
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Just relax. Ground ball.
text: Miguel nods. As he tosses a few more warm-up pitches from the
text: mound, Stu goes back to the DUGOUT where Marcos and Julio
text: anxiously await Miguel's spring training game debut.
text: The BATTER steps in and Miguel steps on the rubber, touches his
text: father's cross around his neck, tucks it in his jersey. He
text: looks to Orlando, and nods at his request for a fastball. He
text: throws it in...
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 35.
speaker_heading: UMPIRE
dialog: Strike!
text: Stu exchanges impressed glances with another COACH.
text: Miguel sends in the next one, and...
text: ...the HITTER checks his swing, but goes too far.
speaker_heading: UMPIRE
dialog: Two!
text: IN THE DUGOUT Marcos gets to his feet, clapping for
dialog: encouragement.
text: Miguel nods to Orlando, delivers again...
text: CRACK! The ball is smoked toward Brad Johnson at second base.
text: He leaps out, body fully extended, and makes a fantastic catch.
dialog: But he's not done yet...
text: The runner at second is too far off the bag, so Brad hops to his
text: feet, and fires a laser beam to second, finishing off one of the
dialog: sweetest double-plays you'll ever see.
text: Miguel pumps his fist into the air, and the team runs to...
speaker_heading: 67 THE DUGOUT 67
text: Marcos and Julio are the first to greet Miguel with high-fives.
text: Orlando, Ed, and Jorge, coming off the field, follow in suit.
text: Miguel awaits Brad's return to the dugout and high-fives him
text: too, but they soon return to their segregated places on opposite
text: ends of the bench.
scene_heading: 68 INT. CLUBHOUSE - DAY 68
text: Most of the players are gone or heading out when Miguel
text: approaches his catcher, Orlando, a few lockers away.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Where did you learn English so good?
speaker_heading: ORLANDO
text: Back home in Caracas.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Like in high school, or something?
speaker_heading: ORLANDO
dialog: Yeah, but it's still hard though.
dialog: People talk fast.
dialog: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 36.
text: Miguel agrees, as an ASSISTANT COACH finishes handing out checks
dialog: to the remaining players.
text: Miguel sits on the bench near his locker, opens his envelope to
dialog: find...
dialog: INSERT: a check for $502.18.
text: He SMILES.
scene_heading: 69 INT. CLASSROOM - LATE AFTERNOON 69
text: The ENGLISH INSTRUCTOR goes over baseball related vocabulary off-
text: screen, while Miguel glances through his "English for Baseball
dialog: Players" notebook.
text: He finds a page with pictures of different foods along with
text: their English names. He looks at all the foods, stops at an
text: image of a fried egg. He circles the word "egg."
text: The instructor finishes up class, and the exhausted Latino
text: players get up to leave. Marcos stands, leans over to Miguel.
speaker_heading: MARCOS
dialog: C'mon. Let's grab some dinner.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Nah, I'm gonna stay and work out a
dialog: little. I'll catch up later.
scene_heading: 70 INT. WEIGHT ROOM - NIGHT 70
text: Miguel does bicep curls alone in the weight room, when...
text: ...Brad Johnson enters. They exchange hello gestures, and
text: proceed to workout on opposite sides of the room. After
text: finishing his set, Miguel turns to Brad.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (struggling in English)
dialog: Good catch.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Thanks... I got lucky.
text: They continue with their respective routines.
scene_heading: 71 INT. WESTERN UNION - NIGHT 71
text: CLOSE ON Miguel's hands counting out seven fifty-dollar bills.
text: He approaches the CLERK behind thick, bullet-proof glass, and
text: slides the money and routing slip through a retractable tray.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 37.
text: He smiles BIG at the clerk. Proud.
scene_heading: 72 INT. ALL NIGHT DINER - NIGHT 72
text: The usual waitress hovers over Miguel, alone at the usual booth.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: French toast, right?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: No... Egg. Egg, please.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Eggs. No problem. How would you
dialog: like'm?
text: Miguel stares at her.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Um, okay, uh... Scrambled? Over easy?
dialog: Sunny side up?
text: A beat... He didn't count on this part. He thinks hard,
dialog: pressure mounting.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (giving up, embarrassed)
text: French toast.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: No eggs? You sure?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
text: French toast.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: (disappointed)
dialog: Alright, honey. French toast it is.
text: As she leaves, Miguel shakes his head, dejected. Stares out the
dialog: window.
text: A72 MINUTES LATER. The waitress returns with french toast and A72
text: another plate with samples of different eggs.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Okay... This is scrambled. Scrambled.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
text: Scrambled.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 38.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: (pointing on plate)
dialog: Over easy.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Over easy.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: (and finally)
dialog: This one's tricky... Sunny-side-up.
dialog: Sunny...
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Sunny...
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Side...
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Side...
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: Up...
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Up.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
text: Sunny side up... On the house.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Thank you.
speaker_heading: WAITRESS
dialog: (smiling proud)
dialog: You're welcome.
text: Miguel gets to work on his food, feeling good.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
scene_heading: 73 EXT. CLUBHOUSE ENTRANCE - DAY 73
text: Miguel leans against the wall, eyes closed. He whispers a
text: prayer to himself, then heads inside the...
scene_heading: 74 INT. CLUBHOUSE - DAY 74
text: ...where he passes a dejected-looking Antonio, on his way out.
text: Antonio avoids eye contact, and Miguel understands what's
dialog: happened.
text: He sees Marcos, Julio, and a few other players lingering near
text: the bulletin board. He approaches, cautiously.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 39.
speaker_heading: MARCOS
dialog: They're sending Antonio back.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Shit. What about you guys?
speaker_heading: JULIO
dialog: We're staying here. Rookie ball.
text: Miguel nervously glances over to the list.
speaker_heading: MARCOS
dialog: Go take a look.
text: Miguel goes to the board scans the names on a roster, finds his.
dialog: INSERT: We PAN from his name to "(A) Bridgetown, Iowa"
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I'm not with you guys?
speaker_heading: MARCOS
dialog: Straight to Single A, bro. With Jorge.
dialog: Congratulations.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Where is Iowa?
scene_heading: 75 EXT/INT. MOVING BUS - IOWA HIGHWAY - DAY 75
text: Various images of vast Midwest farmlands... corn country.
text: Miguel looks out the window at the passing landscape.
scene_heading: 76 EXT. BRIDGETOWN, IOWA BUS DEPOT - DAY 76
text: Bridgetown's number one baseball fans, EARL HIGGINS (70) and his
text: wife HELEN HIGGINS (also 70) watch as the bus pulls into the
text: depot. They're holding a sign that says: "Miguel Santos #1"
text: About a dozen young players hop off the bus and grab their bags.
text: Some of them jump into waiting taxis, but Miguel sees his name
text: on the Higgins' sign.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Can't I stay with you guys?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Don't worry, Sugar. The Higgins are
dialog: good people. I stayed with them last
dialog: time I played here.
text: Jorge walks over towards the Higgins with Miguel.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 40.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Then why don't you stay with them
dialog: again?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: They have a no girls policy.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Jorge! Good to see you back in
dialog: Bridgetown!
text: Jorge hugs Helen, shakes hands with Earl.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Thank you. This is Miguel.
text: Orlando whistles to Jorge from a taxi.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: I go now. Take care of my friend.
text: Jorge waves goodbye to the Higgins, pats Miguel on the back, and
text: hops in a cab with Orlando and Ed.
text: Awkward beat, as Miguel, Earl, and Helen stand in silence.
scene_heading: 77 EXT/INT. HIGGINS CAR - DAY 77
text: Earl and Helen ramble on in English, while Miguel spaces out the
text: back window at the passing corn stalks, which are strikingly
text: similar to the sugar cane stalks back home.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: We've had Dominicans, Venezuelan boys,
dialog: a Colombian, one from Panama, blacks
dialog: and some Americans. Mostly Spanish
dialog: boys, though. Johan Santana, Mendy
dialog: Lopez and Ramon Martinez all stayed
dialog: with us. Years ago.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Last year we had this boy, Junior
dialog: Sanchez. Nice boy. Decent with the
dialog: glove, but couldn't bunt to save his
dialog: life.
speaker_heading: HELEN
text: Two-for-twelve in sacrifice situations.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Cost the team at least two victories.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 41.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Oh, that's being generous! I'd say
dialog: four or five.
scene_heading: 78 INT. HIGGINS FARMHOUSE - DAY 78
text: Miguel, Earl, and Helen enter the old, crickety home.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Put your things down. I'll show you
dialog: around.
scene_heading: 79 INT. KITCHEN 79
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: This is the kitchen. Help yourself to
dialog: whatever you'd like. You can make a
dialog: list of special foods you like to eat
dialog: and put it here.
text: Helen points to a grocery list tucked under a broccoli magnet.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Oh, and over here, this drawer is a
dialog: little funny.
text: She pulls open the silverware drawer.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You have to be careful or...
text: She pulls it a little too far and it falls off its rail. Miguel
dialog: nods.
scene_heading: 80 INT. WASHER/DRYER ROOM 80
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: This is the washer and the dryer. For
dialog: your clothes. You put the soap in this
dialog: one. Sopa.
text: Miguel looks at her, confused. Did she just say "soup"?
speaker_heading: HELEN (CONT'D)
dialog: The other one's just hot air.
dialog: Caliente.
scene_heading: A80 INT. STAIRCASE A80
text: Miguel follows Helen up the stairs.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Your room is up here.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 42.
scene_heading: 81 IN THE BATHROOM 81
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (in bad Spanish)
dialog: El banyo.
text: She laughs. Miguel smiles, appreciating the effort.
scene_heading: 82 INT. MIGUEL'S NEW BEDROOM 82
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Your new cuarto. Bedroom. Do with it
dialog: as you please. Just no girls. Chicas?
dialog: No chicas.
text: Miguel smiles, understanding.
scene_heading: 83 INT. KITCHEN - LATER 83
text: Earl and Helen break down the rules for Miguel at the table.
speaker_heading: EARL
text: No drinking. No cervezas in the casa.
text: No chicas in the bedroom.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I already told him that one.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Okay. What about quiet time?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Right. There's no real curfew, but you
dialog: must be quiet after ten.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Diez.
dialog: (holding index finger to
dialog: mouth)
dialog: Shhhh... after diez.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Ten. Okay.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Si! That's all we ask. It's our job
dialog: to keep you healthy and focused on
dialog: baseball.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: And we take pride in that.
text: Miguel smiles.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 43.
scene_heading: 84 EXT. HIGGINS PORCH - DUSK 84
text: Helen brings a large glass of lemonade to Miguel gently swaying
text: on the porch swing.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Thank you.
text: She nods, looks out over the landscape, and for the first time
dialog: we see...
text: ...an EXTREME WIDE SHOT of the Higgins house, which seems to be
text: situated in the middle of nowhere. The low sun casts a dreamy
text: Days of Heaven glow over the image. A tiny Helen Higgins
text: returns inside the house, while Miguel continues to sway on the
text: porch swing, alone. Hold.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: 85 INT. MIGUEL'S HOME (DOMINICAN REPUBLIC) - DUSK 85
text: Carmen talks into the phone.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Everyone is so proud, Miguelito. It's
dialog: all we can talk about.
text: A85 We INTERCUT between Carmen and Miguel IN HIS NEW IOWA BEDROOM. A85
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Did you get the money?
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Good. And Victor? Can he start
dialog: construction on the house again? I'll
dialog: be sending money every two weeks now.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: We just paid him. He's coming next
dialog: week.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: What about you? You get something for
dialog: yourself like I said?
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Me? What do I need?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: C'mon, mom...
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 44.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: You didn't get anything?
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Well, maybe I got some new shoes, but
dialog: I'm not telling.
text: Erica strolls by, yells into phone...
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Three pairs, Miguel! But who's
dialog: counting?
text: Miguel laughs on his end.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Good for you, mom.
speaker_heading: HELEN (O.S.)
dialog: Miguel! Time for dinner!
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I have to go, mom. The lady is calling
dialog: me. Smells like dinner.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Dinner? Don't forget who your real
dialog: mother is, Miguelito. Are you going to
dialog: prefer her cooking to mine now?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Impossible... I love you, mom.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Everyone loves and misses you. Strike
dialog: one out for me, okay?
scene_heading: 86 INT. HIGGINS DINING ROOM- DUSK 86
text: The Higgins' son, MICHAEL (40s), and his wife, HILARY (40s), and
text: their daughter, ANNE (17), join Earl and Helen for Miguel's
dialog: first dinner in Iowa.
text: Helen leads the table in grace...
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Dear Lord... Thank you for the meal we
dialog: are about to eat. And for blessing us
dialog: with our new guest. And guiding him
dialog: safely on his journey from the
dialog: Dominican Republic to Bridgetown...
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 45.
text: Miguel glances around the table. Everyone's head is bowed and
text: eyes closed.
text: His eyes stop on Anne, seated across from him. She's an
text: attractive all-American girl, but would never dream of flaunting
text: her good looks. After taking her in, Miguel closes his eyes.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: ...And finally, Lord... Please look
dialog: kindly over the Swing this season. May
dialog: all the players stay healthy and...
dialog: well, why not?... if there's anything
dialog: you can do to help us win another
dialog: championship, we'll take that too...
dialog: Amen.
text: The table laughs, followed by a chorus of Amens. Miguel opens
text: his eyes, greeted with smiles. He smiles too, as everyone
text: passes dishes around the table.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: So, Miguel... Do - you - eat - meatloaf
dialog: - back home?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I already told you, Michael, he doesn't
dialog: speak any English.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: I know but... I'm curious to know what
text: he thinks of the meatloaf.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: What do you care? You didn't cook it.
speaker_heading: HILARY
dialog: (to Michael)
dialog: I doubt they have meatloaf in the
dialog: Dominican Republic, dear.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I bet they have something similar.
dialog: They probably just have another name
dialog: for it.
text: All eyes are on Miguel as he nervously takes a bite.
text: A suspenseful beat, until...
text: ...he smiles and nods.
text: Everyone sighs, smiles, and nods back.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 46.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: This is good old-fashioned American
dialog: home cooking, Miguel. Welcome to
dialog: America.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I like. Thank you.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Well, very good, Miguel. De nada to
dialog: you, mi amigo. De nada to you.
text: Anne smiles at Miguel, a little embarrassed by her grandpa.
text: Miguel smiles back, then gets back to his meatloaf.
scene_heading: 87 INT. BRIDGETOWN SWING CLUBHOUSE - DAY 87
text: The team's CLUBHOUSE MANAGER (19, redheaded freckle face), hands
text: out schedules to a handful of returning players.
speaker_heading: CLUBBY
dialog: If you guys ever need tickets for
dialog: family or friends, just let me know two
text: days ahead of time. Thursday's opener
dialog: is already sold out, but I saved one
dialog: row, so you need to speak up now...
text: Miguel enters the room, looking for his locker. The Clubby
text: takes notice.
speaker_heading: CLUBBY
dialog: Santos - you're over there.
text: Clubby points Miguel in the right direction, where he finds his
text: locker and several pressed jerseys waiting for him. Miguel
text: takes his practice jersey, sits down in front of the locker,
dialog: as...
speaker_heading: BRAD (O.S.)
dialog: (in bad Spanish)
dialog: Que pasa, hermano?
text: Brad pats Miguel on the back. Miguel is excited to see a
text: familiar face.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (in bad English)
dialog: What up, Flaco?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Dude, I was totally psyched when I saw
dialog: your name on the squad. Good times.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 47.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Yeah, okay.
text: Brad finds his locker, and they both suit up.
scene_heading: 88 INT/EXT. UNDERGROUND CORRIDOR - MINUTES LATER 88
text: We follow Miguel through the tunnel, which leads out to the...
scene_heading: 89 BRIDGETOWN SWING BALL PARK FIELD 89
text: A stunning little park that sits at the Mississippi River's
text: edge, underneath the Crescent Bridge. A dozen scattered players
text: warm up on the lush green grass.
text: A wide-eyed Miguel steps onto the field for the first time and
text: takes it all in. Hold.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
scene_heading: 90 INT. WESTLAND MALL - DAY 90
text: Miguel and Jorge stroll through the mall. Miguel notes the
text: steady barrage of discount signs, plastic jewelry kiosks, and
dialog: product samples.
scene_heading: 91 INT. DEPARTMENT STORE - MINUTES LATER 91
text: Miguel follows Jorge through the men's section when a rack of
text: Hanes underwear catches his eye. He turns a package over.
text: INSERT: in a little corner of the package Miguel reads, "MADE IN
scene_heading: THE DOMINICAN REPUBLIC".
text: He checks the price tag.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: C'mon, bro, let's find you a suit.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I can't afford a suit.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: I didn't say buy a suit. I said find a
dialog: suit. So when you make it big, you'll
dialog: already know what looks good.
scene_heading: 92 INT. DEPARTMENT STORE SUIT SECTION - NOT MUCH LATER 92
text: Miguel emerges from the dressing room in a white suit and
text: electric blue collared shirt.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Hot damn! That's what's up!
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 48.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: You like it?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: I love it! You look like an all-star,
dialog: bro.
text: Miguel admires himself in the mirror.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: (in a fake announcer
dialog: voice, in English)
dialog: "Starting pitcher for American
dialog: League... from Kansas City... Miguel...
dialog: 'Sugar'... Santos."
text: Jorge fakes massive crowd applause. Miguel laughs.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: What about you, man? You try one.
text: Jorge shrugs, smiles.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Me? Nah... I'm all washed up.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: C'mon...
text: Jorge gets distracted by a pack of TEENAGE GIRLS cruising by.
text: They smile at the players, who smile back.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Very nice.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Dude. You have no idea. Just wait
dialog: till we go to Big Muddy's.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Big Muddy's?
text: Jorge reaches into his wallet, removes his ID, hands it to
dialog: Miguel.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: You gotta be 21 to drink there. This
dialog: is my old license. They won't know the
dialog: difference.
text: Miguel looks at Jorge's ID photo, cracks up.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 49.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Are you kidding me? Nobody's gonna
dialog: believe I'm this ugly fool.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Believe me; they won't know the
dialog: difference.
scene_heading: 93 EXT. WESTLAND MALL PARKING LOT - DAY 93
text: Miguel and Jorge each carry a shopping bag for Helen. Miguel
text: also carries a plastic bag of his own. All three of them are
text: licking ice cream cones.
scene_heading: 94 INT. MIGUEL'S ROOM - DAY 94
text: Miguel takes a new calendar out of a plastic shopping bag. It
text: features iconic images of New York City. He peels off the
text: plastic and pins it to the month of April on his wall.
text: CLOSE ON Miguel's hands tearing open a small package from his
text: family back home: we linger on a crudely drawn sketch of a
text: baseball player with a Kansas City jersey from Luis, along with
text: a photo of Carmen, Erica, and Luis posing in front of the frame
dialog: of the new house.
text: Miguel smiles, reads the enclosed letter.
scene_heading: 95 EXT. BRIDGETOWN SWING BALL PARK - LATE AFTERNOON 95
text: Opening Night. There's an air of excitement in the stands and
text: on the field. The small park's seats are packed with fans.
scene_heading: 96 INT. RADIO ANNOUNCERS' BOOTH 96
text: JACK JEFFERIES (White, 50s) overlooks the field, speaks into the
dialog: microphone.
speaker_heading: JACK JEFFERIES
dialog: Hey there, Swing fans, welcome to
dialog: another exciting season of Swing
dialog: baseball. As always we've got some new
dialog: faces who we'll get to know this year--
dialog: like Brad Johnson, the highly touted
dialog: 2nd baseman out of Stanford. He'll
dialog: make his professional debut tonight.
dialog: Great night for Swing baseball... And
dialog: also a great night to grab a bite and a
dialog: brew at Harlow's after the game - your
dialog: local pub and proud sponsor...
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 50.
scene_heading: 97 EXT. ON THE FIELD 97
text: As a YOUNG LADY begins singing the Star-Spangled Banner, Miguel
text: takes off his hat, looks out to the American Flag. Hold on his
text: solemn expression.
scene_heading: 98 EXT. IN THE DUGOUT 98
text: We STAY ON Miguel for the game's highlights, JUMP CUTTING his
dialog: reactions to the best plays of the game.
text: PLAY 1: he casually spits sunflower seed shells, then CLAPS the
text: final out of the inning, high-fiving players returning to the
text: dugout.
text: PLAY 2: chats to Jorge, when they react to the CRACK of the
text: bat, leap to their feet, eagerly anticipate an umpire's call,
text: and CHEER when the call goes their team's way.
text: PLAY 3: grimaces at the sight of a hit-by-pitch.
text: PLAY 4: leaps to his feet, CLAPS.
text: PLAY 5: leaps to his feet, doesn't clap. Sits back down.
text: PLAY 6: Miguel and Jorge sway to the seventh inning stretch
dialog: classic "Take Me Out to the Ball Game."
text: PLAY 7: sitting with Brad, they both point to something on the
text: field and crack up laughing. Of course, we don't see what
text: they're laughing at.
text: PLAY 8: standing with Jorge and the rest of the players, the
text: mood is tense. The players react to a hit ball, as their heads
text: jerk toward the outfield, waiting, waiting, waiting, and...
text: A98 CELEBRATION! Whatever happened, the game is over and we follow A98
text: the players out onto the field to mob Brad, who just scored the
dialog: winning run.
scene_heading: 99 EXT. BIG MUDDY'S FRONT ENTRANCE - NIGHT 99
text: The BOUNCER examines Miguel's photo ID, which is actually
text: Jorge's. He shoots Miguel a suspicious look, but hands it back
text: and lets him through.
scene_heading: 100 INT. BIG MUDDY'S - NIGHT 100
text: Some of the Swing players celebrate their first victory with
text: beers at the local bar/dance club. A few of the guys dance with
text: LOCAL GIRLS, but Jorge and Miguel stand against the wall, beers
text: in hand, as they watch the MTV-inspired GRINDING and FREAKING
text: unfolding before them.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 51.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: You think they know how to salsa?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Go for it, bro. But remember, just
dialog: cause they dance with you, doesn't mean
dialog: they want anything else.
text: Orlando and Ed approach with a couple brews.
speaker_heading: ORLANDO
dialog: Not from you, anyway.
text: Miguel notices Brad stroll by, calls him over.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Yo flaco!
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: What's up fellas? Good game.
text: They all toast beers.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: What's with the flaco? I mean...
dialog: (flexing his arm)
dialog: You call this flaco?
text: Everyone laughs, as Jorge eyes TWO WOMEN on the dance floor.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: You ready?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Let's do it.
scene_heading: 101 INT. BIG MUDDY'S DANCE FLOOR 101
text: Jorge whispers in one of the girls' ears and the two of them
text: begin dancing with him and Miguel. At first cautious, Miguel
text: and his partner ease closer, until Miguel's hands are on her
text: hips, leading her in rhythm to the hip-hop jam, while mixing in
dialog: some Latin moves as well.
text: As Miguel and Jorge carve and twist with their partners, several
text: local bar PATRONS begin to take notice of their fancy footwork.
text: But Miguel might be dancing too well for one DRUNK JACKASS in
dialog: particular, who...
text: ...wanders over, gets in Miguel's face.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 52.
speaker_heading: JACKASS
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: Careful, Paco. This ain't the jungle.
text: Miguel stares him down. A few clubbers in the immediate
text: vicinity stop dancing, observe. Jorge steps between them,
dialog: and...
dialog: ...apparently, drunken egos speak the same language everywhere
text: because Jorge and the Jackass start jawing back and forth in
text: their native tongues. Both seem to be understanding the other,
text: though the MUSIC is too loud to hear anything specific.
text: Brad and the Venezuelans run over to break it up before anything
text: serious starts. They all hustle out to...
scene_heading: 102 EXT. BIG MUDDY'S PARKING LOT - NIGHT 102
text: The Latin players spill out into the brisk night air with Brad
text: and the Swing's designated hitter, JEFF ELKS.
text: They all pile into Brad's car, as a few locals stand near the
text: club's entrance, watching them go.
scene_heading: 103 EXT. HIGGINS FARMHOUSE - NIGHT 103
text: The car pulls up near the house and Miguel stumbles out, as the
text: wild bunch inside HOOT and HOLLER.
text: The car backs down the road and the players' voices fade out
text: with the hum of the engine.
text: An upstairs light goes on. Miguel looks up to the Higgins'
text: bedroom where Helen's silhouetted figure lingers in the window.
text: He tiptoes inside.
text: The sound of a CHURCH CHOIR fades in, and carries over to...
scene_heading: 104 INT. CHURCH - DAY 104
text: With the exception of Miguel, the all-white congregation sings
text: hymns about Jesus and the Lord. He tries to suppress a yawn
text: when he sees Anne Higgins singing in the choir. She notices
text: him as she sings. A smile.
text: Miguel perks up.
scene_heading: 105 EXT. CHURCH PARKING LOT - DAY 105
text: CHURCHGOERS flood out of the church after the service. Anne
text: walks alongside Miguel.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 53.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: How'd you like the service?
dialog: (off his blank stare)
dialog: Our church? Hope it wasn't too boring
dialog: for you. Did you go to church in the
dialog: Dominican Republic?
text: He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I am sorry. I do not understand.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: S'okay. You understand more than a lot
dialog: of folks around here I bet.
text: He nods, still unsure.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: So listen, me and some friends are
dialog: hanging out later. You should stop by
dialog: my house after the game. It's gonna be
dialog: super chill. Grandma can take you
dialog: there, but here...
text: She stops a random CHURCHGOER...
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Can I borrow a pen real quick?
text: The churchgoer hands over a pen, and Anne writes her address on
text: Miguel's forearm.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: After the game. My house... Good
dialog: luck, tonight.
text: Anne runs off. Miguel looks after her, mystified.
scene_heading: 106 INT. SWING CLUBHOUSE - LATE AFTERNOON 106
text: Half-uniformed players hang out, eating sandwiches, passing
text: around a PLAYBOY magazine, signing souvenir baseballs, and
text: talking at full volume. Hip-hop BLASTS from a stereo, competing
text: with an old DUKES OF HAZARD rerun on the TV. HARDY, the
text: Bridgetown Swing mascot, passes through with his enormous monkey
text: head under one arm.
text: Miguel sits at his locker, psyching himself up for his first
text: start. He touches Luis' drawing, which is taped to the inside
text: of his locker. Closes his eyes, takes a deep breath.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 54.
scene_heading: 107 EXT. BRIDGETOWN SWING BALL PARK - LATE AFTERNOON 107
text: ON THE MOUND. Miguel opens his eyes, as the LEAD-OFF HITTER
text: steps into the batter's box. He takes a moment, crosses
dialog: himself. Play ball.
text: Miguel nods to his catcher, Orlando, then fires in the first
text: pitch high for a ball.
text: When he gets the ball back, he looks to the stands, where...
text: ...Earl, Helen, Michael, and Hilary sit uncomfortably close to
text: the field in choice box seats.
text: He takes a nervous breath, fires in the second pitch. Ball two.
dialog: Same for the third. And forth.
text: The batter jogs to first, and the crowd GRUMBLES.
scene_heading: 108 INT. RADIO ANNOUNCERS' BOOTH 108
text: Jack Jefferies does his thing on the mic.
speaker_heading: JACK JEFFERIES
dialog: Santos, apparently feeling the
dialog: butterflies on his first professional
text: outing. Hailing all the way from the
dialog: Dominican Republic, Santos wowed the
dialog: club with his power during Spring
text: Training. But he's off to a rocky
dialog: start tonight.
text: 109 ON THE MOUND 109
text: Jorge comes over from third base as the batter walks to first.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Relax, Sugar. It's the same game we
dialog: played back home. That's all it is.
dialog: Just a game, man. So relax. Let's
dialog: have some fun. Okay?
text: Miguel nods. Jorge points out the next batter. Another
dialog: Dominican.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: See? Just like home.
text: Jorge runs back to his position at third. Miguel tucks his
text: index finger into his knuckle curve grip. Delivers...
speaker_heading: UMPIRE
dialog: Strike!
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 55.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: That's it! There it is!
dialog: And the next pitch...
text: ...is hit sharply to Jorge at third, who fires it over to second
text: for one, and on to first for a double play.
text: The crowd goes WILD and Miguel finally exhales.
text: One, two, three... he mows down the next BATTER on three
text: consecutive strikes. More APPLAUSE.
scene_heading: 110 IN THE DUGOUT 110
text: Orlando hands him his first strikeout ball. Miguel takes a
text: seat, wipes the sweat from his head, then looks down at Anne's
text: address scribbled on his forearm.
scene_heading: 111 SCOREBOARD - LATER THAT NIGHT 111
text: We PAN RIGHT across six innings of zeroes. The Swing are
text: leading 4 to nothing in the top of the 7th.
dialog: 112 ON THE FIELD 112
text: THWACK! The HITTER smokes a double off the left-center wall.
scene_heading: 113 INT. RADIO ANNOUNCERS' BOOTH 113
speaker_heading: JACK JEFFERIES
dialog: Nearly unhittable for the first 6
dialog: innings, that was only the second hit
dialog: allowed by Santos tonight.
text: 114 BACK ON THE FIELD. 114
text: The next BATTER dribbles a spinning groundball at Jorge, but it
text: squirts through his legs into left field, allowing the runner to
text: score an unearned run from second.
text: Stu walks toward the mound, signals for the bullpen. He and
text: Orlando greet Miguel on the mound.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Good game, kid. Enjoy this...
speaker_heading: ORLANDO
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Nice work, Sugar.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 56.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (in Spanish, to Orlando)
dialog: But that wasn't my fault. I can go
dialog: longer.
speaker_heading: ORLANDO
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: Take it easy; it's your first game.
text: Though he doesn't speak Spanish, Stu knows exactly what's
text: happening. He takes the ball from Miguel with a smile, but
text: Miguel doesn't move, still reluctant to leave the mound.
text: As the FANS begin to cheer his stellar debut...
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: You hear that? It's for you, kid.
text: Orlando smiles, pats Miguel on the butt, and Miguel finally
text: starts his slow walk off the field. As we follow him off, the
text: FANS rise to their feet and Miguel approaches the dugout to a
text: standing ovation. On his way in, he's greeted by his teammates
text: with congratulatory high-fives.
text: AT THIRD Jorge stares at the dirt, frustrated by his misplay.
scene_heading: 115 EXT. BRIDGETOWN SWING BALLPARK - AFTER THE GAME 115
text: FIREWORKS EXPLODE in the sky as the kids in the crowd watch
dialog: excitedly.
scene_heading: 116 IN THE DUGOUT 116
text: Miguel and a few other players hang over the railing, enjoying
dialog: the awesome display.
scene_heading: 117 EXT. ANNE'S HOUSE - NIGHT 117
text: Miguel rings the doorbell, waits. He's holding a baseball.
text: Anne opens the door.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Hey Miguel. C'mon inside.
text: He hands her the ball like it's a rose.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (in rehearsed English)
dialog: My first... strike-out.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Oh, Miguel... you're so sweet.
dialog: Congratulations, I heard you pitched
dialog: awesome.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 57.
scene_heading: 118 INT. ANNE'S HOUSE - MINUTES LATER 118
text: Some kind of casual teenage party is in effect. Pizza boxes are
text: spread around the living room and everyone (12-15 WHITE KIDS)
text: are drinking soda from plastic cups. No booze.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Hey everybody, this is Miguel. He's
dialog: from the Dominican Republic, and now he
dialog: pitches for the Swing.
text: Everyone manages to say "Hi Miguel" at the same time.
scene_heading: 119 GAME ROOM - A LITTLE LATER 119
text: Two guys, RANDY and TRAVIS, play a spirited game of foozeball,
text: while Miguel looks on, fascinated.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: What's up, man?
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Wanna play?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: No. Thank you.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: It's like soccer. You play soccer?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Soccer? No. Baseball.
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Well this is called fooze-ball. Fooze-
dialog: ball.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Foos-ball?
speaker_heading: TRAVIS
dialog: Yeah, you got it.
text: Miguel looks for Anne, sees her going over some papers with
text: another kid. She sees Miguel, waves, then gets back to her
dialog: conversation.
speaker_heading: RANDY
dialog: I used to be a pitcher. In little
dialog: league. I wasn't very good though.
text: Miguel nods, and another girl, WENDY, chimes in.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 58.
speaker_heading: WENDY
dialog: I heard that the beaches in the
dialog: Dominican Republic are really
dialog: beautiful.
text: Miguel nods again. They stand in silence for an awkward beat,
text: sipping from their red, plastic cups, until...
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Hey guys, let's get started. Everyone
dialog: grab a seat.
text: The teens crowd into the living room, squeezing together on
text: sofas, recliners, and desk chairs. Miguel sits behind the
text: majority of the group, not sure what's going on. Anne stands
dialog: before them...
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I'm so glad you all came. Last year,
dialog: we didn't have half as many people in
dialog: our group. So, I think this just goes
dialog: to show the great work we've been doing
dialog: in spreading the word. But this year,
dialog: I want us to work harder. Now, I know
dialog: a lot of you are studying for SATs or
dialog: working on college applications. And
dialog: all of that is important, but we need
dialog: to remember that our spiritual
dialog: accomplishments are more important.
dialog: What we do in school or for a job...
dialog: that's just a small part of who we are.
dialog: We're only here by the grace of God, so
dialog: let's get out there and share that
dialog: grace.
text: Miguel watches, still unsure what's going on.
scene_heading: 120 LIVING ROOM - A LITTLE LATER 120
text: Anne leads the group in song, while Randy plays the piano.
text: Miguel watches; he's the only person not singing.
speaker_heading: THE GROUP
dialog: (singing)
dialog: One there is above all others,
dialog: Oh, how He loves!
dialog: His is love beyond a brother's,
dialog: Oh, how He loves!
dialog: Earthly friends may fail or leave us,
dialog: One day soothe, the next day grieve us;
dialog: But this Friend will ne'er deceive us:
dialog: Oh, how He loves!
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 59.
text: Miguel observes, a little disappointed, as this is not quite the
dialog: date he was hoping for.
scene_heading: 121 EXT/INT. MOVING BUS - DAY 121
text: Miguel and Brad are side by side in neighboring aisle seats,
text: while Jorge and Jeff catch some Zs against the window. Miguel's
text: "English for Baseball Players" workbook is on his lap, but he
text: and Brad discuss language that won't likely be found there...
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Mamañema. Very bad. Very bad word.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Mama-ñema? What's it mean?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Mmm... Like--
text: Miguel mimes fellatio.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Cocksucker?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Cock-sucker?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Yeah, we say cocksucker.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Okay, cocksucker.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Mamañema.
text: They laugh.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: (in bad Spanish)
dialog: Who is your favorite player?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (in bad English)
dialog: Robinson Cano for the Yankees. I know
dialog: him brother. And you?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Roberto Clemente.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Who is that?
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 60.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: What? You don't know about Clemente?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Is Dominican?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Puerto Rican. I can't believe it. This
dialog: is tragic. Do you know who Babe Ruth
dialog: is?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Baby Ruth? El chocolate?
text: Brad stares at Miguel for a beat, and they both crack up.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Hey, how'd it go with that girl the
dialog: other night?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Girl?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Yeah, didn't you have a date, or
dialog: something?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Oh, she no es my girl.
text: Brad senses Miguel's disappointment in the matter.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: No sweat, bro. We'll find you a little
text: honey on the road.
text: Miguel smiles. Brad picks up his mp3 player, searches the menu
dialog: for something.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: You like The White Stripes?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Check it out.
text: Miguel grabs his portable CD player, hands it to Brad, trading
text: music with him. As Miguel places Brad's Bose headphones over
text: his ears, The White Stripes' "Seven Nation Army" infuses the
text: soundtrack and leads us through the following...
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 61.
scene_heading: 122 EARLY SEASON SWING BASEBALL SEQUENCE: 122
text: --The Swing players sprint out of the dugout to their positions
text: at BRIDGETOWN BALLPARK, while Miguel struts to the mound with
dialog: supreme confidence.
text: A122 --AT A VISITING TEAM'S STADIUM, Miguel throws a series of A122
text: strikes and batters WHIFF.
text: B122 --Miguel ices down his arm after a game. B122
text: C122 --Ed sneaks up behind Miguel while he's talking to Brad and C122
text: drops a handful of ice down his shirt.
text: H122 --AT A VISITING BALL PARK Brad makes a diving stop. H122
text: D122 --AT THEIR HOME PARK, Stu works with Miguel in the early D122
text: afternoon, before the other players have arrived.
text: J122 --Brad slides in safely at second base. J122
text: F122 --Miguel runs videotape during one of his off days. F122
text: G122 --Jorge strikes out. G122
text: J122 --Miguel and Jorge eat eggs at a local diner. J122
text: 123 --AT THE WESTERN UNION, Miguel hands $300 through the glass to 123
dialog: the teller.
text: 124 --ON THE BUS, Brad hands Miguel a local paper, featuring a photo124
text: of Miguel on the mound.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: "Santos stings Owls with 8 Ks." What
dialog: kind of shoddy journalism is this?
dialog: There's nothing' about me in here.
text: Miguel smiles, takes the paper, examines it.
text: 125 --IN A MOTEL ROOM, Miguel enthusiastically talks on the phone 125
text: with his mom back home.
text: A125 --AT A VISITING TEAM BALLPARK, Miguel picks off a runner at A125
dialog: first.
dialog: 126 --Jorge does physical therapy for his knee while Miguel 126
text: stretches out his pitching arm.
text: 127 --Miguel watches videotape of his pitching with Stu in the 127
text: coach's office.
text: A127 --Miguel, Jorge, Orlando and Ed sit in the dugout, respectfullyA127
text: listen as a chaplain gives a sermon in Spanish.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 62.
text: At the other end of the dugout, some of the American players
text: listen to a Sunday morning sermon in English.
text: B127 --TRACK IN on Miguel as he fires in another strike. B127
text: 128 --A KID hands Miguel a baseball card and pen for his autograph. 128
text: Miguel coolly obliges like he's been doing this for years.
text: 129 --IN THE RADIO BOOTH, after a game, Jack Jefferies, interviews 129
text: Miguel with Orlando acting as translator.
speaker_heading: JACK JEFFERIES
dialog: At what point in the game did you
dialog: realize you had your best stuff?
speaker_heading: ORLANDO
dialog: (doing his best)
dialog: When did you know you were going to be
dialog: a good pitcher in this game?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I knew from the time I was very young I
dialog: would be a good pitcher. Ten, eleven
dialog: years old. Thanks to God, I have had
dialog: the opportunity to develop my talents.
speaker_heading: ORLANDO
dialog: (translating in English)
dialog: He knew very early that he was going to
dialog: pitch good. Eleven years.
text: Jack Jefferies nods, confused. Miguel and Orlando look at each
text: other, unsure.
scene_heading: END EARLY SEASON SEQUENCE.
scene_heading: 130 INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 130
text: Miguel checks his appearance in the bathroom mirror, while Jorge
text: talks on the telephone with somebody back home. Jorge appears
text: anguished, as he struggles to speak.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: It's not good. Because I haven't been
dialog: playing good... No. I'm working hard,
dialog: but, I don't know... I think they
dialog: might...
text: (Jorge glances back toward
dialog: Miguel)
dialog: Listen, I can't talk now.
text: Miguel gets the hint, steps out of his room into the...
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 63.
scene_heading: 131 MOTEL HALLWAY 131
text: ...and we follow Miguel through the lobby, which opens up into
text: an enormous arcade with blinking neon lights, and whistling
text: machines everywhere. His senses on the verge of overload, he
text: continues through the arcade, which then opens up into a...
scene_heading: 132 FUN CITY BOWLING ALLEY 132
text: Miguel notices Brad bowling with some GIRLS and other players.
text: Miguel watches for a beat as they laugh at one of the girl's
text: gutter balls. He thinks about going over to say hello, but
text: decides against it, heads back toward the arcade.
scene_heading: 133 INT. MOTEL ROOM - LATER 133
text: While Jorge sleeps, Miguel carves a small piece of wood with a
text: swiss army knife. Stops when he hears a burst of MALE AND
text: FEMALE VOICES coming from down the hall. He, goes to the door,
dialog: listens...
text: The drunken giggling VOICES get louder as they approach. Miguel
text: looks through the peephole, sees...
text: ...Brad and Jeff with TWO LOCAL GIRLS disappear into their room
text: across the hall.
text: Miguel puts his ear to the door again, but can't hear anything,
text: so he returns to the desk, begins carving again.
scene_heading: 134 EXT/INT. MOVING BUS - DAY 134
text: Orlando and Ed play a spirited game of Casino on a Gatorade jug
text: in the aisle while Miguel, Jorge and Brad chat about movies.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Did you ever see "Y Tu Mama Tambien"?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Y tu mama what?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Y Tu Mama Tambien... It's Mexican.
text: Jorge laughs, shakes his head.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: No, I don't know this.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: What are your favorite movies?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Terminator.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 64.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I like Matrisse.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Oh, Matrisse. Very strong.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Matrisse? What's that?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: He doesn't know Matrisse?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: You don't know The Matrisse?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: The Mattress? I don't know.
text: (turns to Jeff, beside
dialog: him)
dialog: Dude, do you know a movie called The
dialog: Mattress?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: The Mattress?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: With Keanu...?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Keanu Reeves?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Oh, shit! The MATRIX!!
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Matrisse!
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Yeah, yeah, the Matrix is badass. I
dialog: was like, Mattress? What?
scene_heading: 135 INT. MIGUEL'S BEDROOM - DUSK 135
text: He finishes up a birthday card to his sister Erica, encloses it
text: in a padded envelope along with the wooden etching he carved
text: earlier - a pendant with a cornstalk design. The NYC calendar
text: on the wall in the background indicates we are now in JUNE.
text: When he's done, he goes to his duffel, pulls out his English
dialog: language workbook.
text: Miguel sits on his bed, opens the book.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 65.
scene_heading: 136 EXT. BRIDGETOWN SWING BALL PARK - DAY 136
text: A batter swings and misses for strike three. The catcher throws
text: the ball around the horn.
text: Miguel steps off the mound, grabs the rosin bag for traction,
text: gets the ball back.
text: His next pitch is hit on the ground toward the first base line,
text: where the first baseman makes a nice back-handed play...
text: Miguel sprints over to cover the bag, receives the toss, but...
speaker_heading: OUCH!
text: ...the RUNNER storms into Miguel before he has time to pull his
text: foot off the bag, knocking them both hard to the ground. The
text: runner is called out, but Miguel is slow getting to his feet.
text: Stu and the TRAINER run out to check on him. Jorge rushes over
text: from third, and Orlando also comes to help translate.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Nice play, kid. How's your foot?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: You okay?
text: Miguel nods, but he's limping back to the mound.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Take it easy. Don't force it. How's
dialog: it feel?
speaker_heading: ORLANDO
dialog: (translating)
dialog: Don't push it. Does it hurt?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I'm okay.
speaker_heading: STU
text: Let him toss a few warm-ups.
text: The umpire grants Miguel a few "test" pitches.
text: Visibly shaken, Miguel sets up for a warm-up pitch, breathes
text: deeply, and delivers. He lands gingerly on his right ankle,
text: makes a face.
text: Stu and the trainer exchange glances. Miguel notices this, as
text: he sets up for another pitch. The trainer shakes his head, no.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 66.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: All right, kid. Give it a rest.
text: As Stu reaches for the ball, Miguel pulls it away.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I am okay. Please.
text: Stu and the trainer sense Miguel's anxiety. Stu puts his arm on
text: Miguel's shoulder for comfort.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: You're okay, I know, but let's just be
dialog: sure... Give me the ball, son.
text: Miguel sizes them up, reluctantly hands the ball over, and limps
text: off the field with Stu and the other players looking after.
scene_heading: 137 INT. ANNE'S HOUSE - DINING ROOM - NIGHT 137
text: The whole family, with a couple new additions, sit around the
text: table in mid-meal: Earl, Helen, Anne, Michael, Hilary, Jorge,
text: Brad and Miguel. Miguel wears a big blue boot on his injured
text: foot, and a crutch leans against the wall behind him.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You've been pitching so well... it's a
dialog: real shame.
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Don't worry, Miguel, you'll bounce
dialog: right back.
text: Miguel pokes at his food, avoids eye contact.
speaker_heading: HILARY
dialog: Where'd you say you were from, Brad?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Berkeley.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: Oh, different world out there, huh?
dialog: You like to surf?
text: Brad smiles.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Uh, no, I've never tried it. But maybe
dialog: someday.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Your parents visit here?
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 67.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Yeah, I hope so. Maybe when they get
dialog: some time off this summer.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: How about you, Miguel? What's your
dialog: family like?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: My family?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Yeah. Like, who do you live with back
dialog: home?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I live with my mother, sister,
dialog: brother... and Abuela?
text: Miguel looks to Jorge for help.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Grandmother.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: And grandmother.
speaker_heading: MICHAEL
dialog: How about your father, Miguel?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: My father, uh...
dialog: (searching for the word)
dialog: He die.
text: Anne nudges her dad under the table.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Oh, Miguel, honey. I'm so sorry.
text: Miguel nods, takes a bite of potatoes. There is an awkward beat
text: as everybody chews.
text: Miguel musters all his language skills to break the awkward
dialog: silence.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (to Michael and Hilary)
dialog: You have other child...?
speaker_heading: HILARY
dialog: Yes, we have a son. Anne's older
dialog: brother.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 68.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: He's in Iraq.
text: Brad pauses from chewing, looks around, and nods. More awkward
dialog: silence. Hold.
scene_heading: 138 EXT. ANNE'S PORCH - NIGHT 138
text: Miguel and Anne sit alone on the porch. We can hear CHATTER
text: from inside, where the others are clearing the table.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: You like it here in Iowa?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Yes. I like... Many new things.
dialog: (thinks for a beat)
dialog: Very different.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I bet. You've traveled a long way,
dialog: huh? God must have something special
dialog: in mind for you...
text: Anne points out a small scar on Miguel's scalp.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: What happened there?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (struggling)
dialog: Uh... When I boy... Um... I don't know--
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Tell me in Spanish.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (in Spanish, no subtitles)
dialog: Okay... When I was little, I wanted to
text: eat some cherries from a tree. It
dialog: wasn't our tree, and there was a fence
dialog: to keep us kids away.
text: Anne hangs on his every word as if she understood perfectly.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: So I climbed up the fence to knock down
dialog: some cherries with a stick, but I when
dialog: I took my first swing-- whoosh. I
text: fell. There was a lot of blood.
text: Anne reaches out, lightly touches his scar. Her hand lingers
dialog: for a beat, until...
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 69.
text: ...Miguel leans in and kisses her. She kisses him back for a
text: beat, but when he puts his hand around her waist, pulling her
text: closer, she resists. They separate.
text: Anne looks down at her feet, uncomfortable.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: Sorry, I just... Sorry.
text: Miguel looks on, confused, as she stands. They lock eyes for an
text: awkward beat.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I should help clean up...
text: On her way back inside...
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: We have another meeting Thursday... If
dialog: you can come.
text: Miguel nods. Anne leaves him on the porch alone. He looks out
text: over the corn fields.
scene_heading: 139 INT. SWING CLUBHOUSE - DAY 139
text: Miguel enters the near-empty room limping on his blue boot,
text: finds Jorge wearing street clothes and packing up personal
text: things from his locker. Miguel knows immediately what's
dialog: happened.
text: They make eye contact from across the locker room. Nobody
text: moves. After a beat...
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: I had a good run.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: What happened?
speaker_heading: JORGE
text: It's over.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: You know the drill. I'm not playing
dialog: well, so they'll bring up somebody who
dialog: is.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: What about your knee? You just need
dialog: some more time... You're recovering.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 70.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Sugar...
text: Miguel relents.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: When do you leave?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: They want me to fly back tonight.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Tonight?!
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: But I'm not going back...
text: A beat as Miguel lets this sink in.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: I gotta cousin in New York.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: You're going to New York?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Where else? There's no work back home.
dialog: My bonus won't last forever...
text: Miguel looks off. Jorge senses his anxiety.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Relax Sugar, I'll see you at Yankee
dialog: Stadium someday... when the Knights
dialog: come to town. I'll be in the front
text: row, getting drunk, and cheering the
dialog: loudest.
text: Miguel smiles.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Not for you though. Yankee fans are
dialog: crazy. I can't take the risk... I'll
dialog: call you.
text: A beat as Miguel looks at Jorge with concern. Jorge shakes it
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: You worry too much, Sugar. I'll be
dialog: okay. I mean, it's just a game, right?
text: Miguel nods.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 71.
scene_heading: 140 INT. SOFIA'S HOUSE (DOMINICAN REPUBLIC) - NIGHT 140
text: A140 Sofia on the phone. We INTERCUT between her and Miguel IN HIS A140
text: BEDROOM, his injured ankle elevated on a pillow.
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: How'd you play tonight?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (hesitant)
dialog: Good, good.
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: I bet you have lots of groupies waiting
dialog: for you after your games.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I have a few.
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: A few?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Just kidding. I mean I would, but none
dialog: of these white girls speak Spanish.
dialog: Marcos plays in Arizona. Lots of
dialog: Mexicans; everyone speaks Spanish. He
dialog: has like fifteen girlfriends.
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: Shut up!
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: He's probably lying though.
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: I bet he's lying.
text: A beat, as Miguel shifts gears...
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Jorge went to New York.
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: To the Yankees?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: No. Our team cut him loose. He's got
dialog: a cousin there... I don't know what
dialog: he's going to do...
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: Shit... What about his family?
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 72.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (his mind somewhere else)
dialog: It's not right. He got injured playing
dialog: for them. They owe him another chance.
dialog: He's worked too hard for too long... I
dialog: mean he's not a horse.
text: Miguel drifts off, and they sit in silence for a beat.
speaker_heading: SOFIA
dialog: But you can't let it get to you.
dialog: You've got nothing to worry about.
dialog: Just keep playing well, and things will
dialog: be okay.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Yeah... I know. Things will be okay.
text: Miguel looks off, not so sure.
scene_heading: 141 INT. SWING CLUBHOUSE - DAY 141
text: Players lounge in uniform, relaxing before tonight's game. Brad
text: reads on the sofa across from Miguel, who is in his street
text: clothes, his crutch by his side.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: What is your book?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Welcome to the Terrordome. It's about
dialog: sports and politics.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: You study at, um, university?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Yeah, I went to Stanford. Studied
dialog: history and baseball. Did you go to
dialog: school back in the DR?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Yes. Little. Secondaria?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: High school?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Yes. A little of... high school. But
dialog: I sign when I have sixteen years.
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: You signed at sixteen? Wow. So you
dialog: didn't finish school?
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 73.
text: Miguel shakes his head, no. After a beat...
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: If you no play baseball... what you do?
speaker_heading: BRAD
dialog: Um... it's hard to say for sure, but I
dialog: like history, so I'd probably go to
dialog: grad school... maybe teach someday.
speaker_heading: VOICE (O.S.)
dialog: Brad! We're up for B.P. Let's go.
text: Brad gets up, taps Miguel on the shoulder on his way out.
text: Miguel sits alone on the couch in the empty room, when he looks
dialog: off, sees...
text: IN THE BATHROOM doorway-- Jeff Elks discreetly hands ANOTHER
text: PLAYER a prescription pill bottle, exits.
text: Miguel takes note of the transaction, leans back, looks at the
dialog: ceiling fan.
scene_heading: 142 INT. HIGGINS FARMHOUSE - DAY 142
text: Miguel watches "When the Levees Broke" playing on HBO-Latino.
text: ON THE TV, one image of the hurricane's devastation gives way to
text: another. An AFRICAN-AMERICAN WOMAN stranded on the roof of her
text: house. A YOUNG BOY who's lost his mother.
text: Miguel looks on, moved by the tragedy.
scene_heading: 143 INT. WASHER/DRYER ROOM - DAY 143
text: Miguel takes the initiative and attempts to do his own laundry
dialog: while on the disabled list.
text: He stuffs his clothes into the washer, scrutinizes the
text: instructions, turns the knobs, and presses the buttons.
scene_heading: 144 INT. LIVING ROOM - DAY 144
text: Miguel studies his English Language workbook on the couch. He
text: glances at the wall clock.
scene_heading: 145 INT. KITCHEN - DAY 145
text: As Miguel opens the faulty utensils drawer, the folded paper
text: towel holding it in place pops out. Miguel catches the drawer
text: from slipping too far, takes out a fork.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 74.
scene_heading: 146 INT. KITCHEN - DUSK 146
text: Miguel sits at the kitchen table with the broken drawer and
text: several small tools in front of him. He readjusts the wooden
text: rails on the faulty side of the drawer by sanding them down and
text: re-gluing them into place.
scene_heading: KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK.
text: FRONT DOOR. Miguel hobbles over, opens it to find Anne,
text: carrying a casserole dish and a couple empty platters.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: These are grandma's from the other
dialog: night.
text: Miguel lets her pass into the kitchen, put the dishes on the
text: table. They stand awkwardly for a beat, looking at each other.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: We missed you at our meeting, Thursday.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Sorry. I forget.
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: It's okay, maybe next time.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: You want sit?
speaker_heading: ANNE
dialog: I gotta go actually, so--
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Okay, go.
text: Miguel sits, gets back to work on the drawer. Anne looks at him
text: for a second, then exits.
text: Miguel glances out the window, watches Anne climb into a pickup
text: truck idling in the driveway. Anne and Miguel make brief eye
text: contact before the truck speeds away, a trail of dust following
text: it into the distance.
scene_heading: A146 EXT. CORN FIELDS - DUSK A146
text: Miguel walks down a path in the middle of the Higgins' corn
text: field. He finds a cob of corn, removes the leaves, and examines
text: the kernels up close.
text: ZOOM IN to ECU of a single kernel.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 75.
text: Miguel stares at the raw corn with strange fascination.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
scene_heading: 147 INT. SWING CLUBHOUSE - DAY 147
text: Miguel walks in without crutches, looking healthy. He pounds a
text: few players hello, then freezes upon seeing Brad's empty locker.
text: Stu approaches Miguel...
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: There was an injury to the Wichita
dialog: right-fielder. They called up Brad
dialog: this morning... He left you this...
text: Stu hands Miguel an old paperback book.
text: INSERT: a Spanish-language version of Roberto Clemente's
text: biography. Miguel opens to the first page, where Brad has
dialog: inscribed a note, "See you in Kansas City, Mamañema!"
text: Miguel smiles, bittersweet, when a familiar VOICE calls out...
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Yo! Sugar!
text: Miguel turns around to find Salvador Torres (the once scrawny
text: kid from the Academy) running at him. They hug.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Holy shit! How'd you get here?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
text: On a airplane, motherfucker.
text: Miguel playfully flips Salvador's cap bill down over his face
dialog: for being a smartass.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Great, you guys know each other. Sal's
text: our new middle-relief man. Throws a
dialog: nasty cutter. You could learn a thing
dialog: or two from him, Santos...
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Okay.
text: Stu walks back towards the coaches' office.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: What he say?
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 76.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (not sure himself)
dialog: Don't worry about it... Good to see
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Good to see you, too, Sugar.
dialog: (a beat)
dialog: I'm a little nervous.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Look, just remember... it's the same
dialog: game we played back home. Same rules,
dialog: different place. Just have fun. It's
text: only a game.
scene_heading: 148 EXT. BRIDGETOWN SWING BALL PARK - NIGHT 148
text: CLOSE ON Miguel swearing at himself, clearly not following his
dialog: own advice.
text: A RUNNER circles the bases after hitting a homerun.
speaker_heading: JACK JEFFERIES (V.O.)
dialog: Santos allows his second homerun of the
dialog: game. First night off the DL, and not
text: looking so sharp.
text: The SCOREBOARD indicates the Swing losing 5-2 in the 4th.
text: Miguel glances out of the corner of his eye to...
speaker_heading: THE DUGOUT
text: ...Stu is scribbling on his scorecard.
text: MIGUEL quickly sets up for his next pitch, but Stu is on his way
text: out to the mound. Miguel glances back to the bullpen, where
text: Salvador is warming up.
text: Stu signals for Salvador to come in, and we follow Miguel off
text: the field to scattered applause.
text: A148 IN THE RADIO BOOTH Jack Jefferies continues his play-by-play ofA148
dialog: the game.
speaker_heading: JACK JEFFERIES
text: Sutton makes the call to pull Santos
dialog: here in the 4th, bringing in rookie
dialog: reliever, Salvador Torres for his
text: Bridgetown debut.
text: B148 IN THE DUGOUT. Miguel sits on the bench, throws a towel over B148
text: his head.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 77.
text: ON THE MOUND. Salvador warms up, looking a little freaked.
text: Players and fans marvel over Sal's unorthodox, side-armed
text: delivery. His form is reminiscent of A's legend, Dennis
text: Eckersly, but without the grace.
text: MIGUEL peaks through his towel at the action...
text: ON THE FIELD. Salvador takes a deep breath, delivers his first
dialog: pitch...
speaker_heading: UMPIRE
dialog: Strike!
text: Salvador seems to relax. Winds up his next pitch, and...
text: ...the ball appears to zig-zag across the plate, freezing the
text: hitter in confusion.
speaker_heading: UMPIRE
dialog: Strike two!
text: MIGUEL can't watch, hides behind the towel again. SLOW ZOOM IN
text: on Miguel's head, hidden.
speaker_heading: UMPIRE (O.S.)
dialog: Strike THREE!
text: Miguel removes the towel, sees...
text: ...SALVADOR smiling big as he comes off the field. Orlando pats
text: him on the back, hands him his first professional strikeout
dialog: ball.
scene_heading: C148 IN THE RADIO BOOTH C148
speaker_heading: JACK JEFFERIES
dialog: A stellar debut for Torres, who records
text: the final out, baffling Josh Lansford
text: with a nasty side-armed cutter.
text: D148 FROM THE DUGOUT, Salvador arrives to a congratulatory standing D148
text: ovation from the fans and his teammates.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Welcome to America, kid.
text: Salvador sits next to Miguel on the bench, admiring the ball.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Just do me a favor... don't give it
dialog: away to the first white girl you meet.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 78.
text: Salvador laughs, but Miguel is serious. He gets up and heads
dialog: for the showers.
scene_heading: 149 INT. HIGGINS CAR - NIGHT 149
text: Helen and Earl drive Miguel home after the game. ON THE CAR
text: RADIO, we can hear a news report of a suicide bombing in Iraq.
text: Helen turns it down.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You started dropping your arm in the
dialog: third. I think that was your problem.
speaker_heading: EARL
text: He lost control of his breaking pitches
dialog: and they just zeroed in on the
text: fastball, which isn't as fast as it
dialog: used to be.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Earl...
speaker_heading: EARL
dialog: Don't matter, he can't understand
dialog: anyway.
text: Miguel stares out the window in the backseat.
scene_heading: 150 EXT/INT. MOVING BUS - DUSK 150
text: CLOSE ON corn stalks passing through frame. Miguel stares out
text: the bus window. Salvador jokes around with Orlando and Ed about
dialog: whether Dominican or Venezuelan girls are better.
scene_heading: 151 INT. MOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 151
text: Miguel tries to sleep, while Salvador watches "Sponge Bob" on
dialog: the Spanish channel.
scene_heading: 152 EXT. VISITING BALL PARK - AFTERNOON 152
text: Miguel walks out onto the field, notices Stu working with
text: Salvador in the bullpen. Out of nowhere, Stu mimes the chicken
text: walk to Sal, and they both laugh.
scene_heading: 153 EXT. VISITING BALL PARK - DUSK 153
text: Miguel runs videotape behind homeplate as Salvador strikes a
dialog: batter out.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 79.
scene_heading: 154 EXT. VISITING BALL PARK - NIGHT 154
text: Miguel throws in a pitch, which is lined directly over his head
text: for a base hit. He swears to himself as he sprints over to back
text: up home plate where the runner scores easily.
scene_heading: 155 INT. VISITORS' CLUBHOUSE - NIGHT 155
text: Miguel storms into the empty clubhouse, grabs a bat from the
text: wall rack, and smashes a water dispenser unit to the ground,
text: spilling water everywhere. As he observes the mess, his
text: breathing steadies, and...
text: He glances over to the entrance, where the clubhouse manager
text: stares at him, disapproving.
scene_heading: 156 INT. VISITING COACHES' OFFICE - DAY 156
text: Miguel sits across from Stu, staring off, embarrassed.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: I know it's hard when you don't perform
dialog: up to your own expectations for
dialog: yourself. But you need to learn self-
dialog: control. Can you understand what I'm
dialog: saying? You need to learn that your
dialog: actions have consequences. So we're
dialog: gonna take the cost of the water unit
dialog: you broke out of your next check...
dialog: That's not something your family back
dialog: home's gonna be too proud of... Is it?
text: Miguel turns his gaze to Stu. Though he doesn't fully
text: understand what he's saying, Stu's intention is clear.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: So you should think real hard next
dialog: time. Think about channeling that
dialog: frustration you're feeling onto the
dialog: field. Into practice. Channel it into
dialog: working harder--
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: --I am work hard! Everyday I work
dialog: hard.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: So work harder, goddamnit! You think
dialog: you're the only one on this team works
dialog: hard?
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 80.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: I don't understand you. You speak too
dialog: fast. I just don't understand!
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Look, you may think I don't know what
dialog: you're going through, but I do. I've
dialog: been on the mound; I've played through
dialog: pain. I've been in your exact
dialog: situation before. I've struggled
dialog: too... I've...
text: As Miguel glances away in frustration, Stu stops himself. They
text: sit in silence. Hold.
scene_heading: 157 EXT. PEORIA CHIEFS' PARK - EVENING 157
text: Pouring rain. The few remaining FANS head for the exits. The
text: players pack up their gear in their respective dugouts.
text: SLOW ZOOM IN on MIGUEL, staring at the falling rain.
scene_heading: 158 INT. MOTEL LAUNDRY ROOM - NIGHT 158
text: CLOSE ON about ten pills in Miguel's palm.
text: Jeff Elks instructs Miguel, alone, in the small room with a
text: flickering fluorescent light.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: Listen, your first time, take a half.
dialog: Okay? No more. You gotta ease into
dialog: it. Half.
text: Miguel nods.
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: And anyone finds these, you didn't get
dialog: them from me, okay?
text: Before Miguel can respond, Salvador enters with his dirty
text: laundry. Miguel hides the pills.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: What's up?
speaker_heading: JEFF
dialog: What's up, Sal?
text: Jeff heads out. Miguel resumes folding his clothes.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Did you hear I made player of the week?
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 81.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: You told me last night.
text: Salvador examines his detergent options from the dispenser
dialog: machine.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Which one do you use?
text: Miguel eyes the bleach. Can't help himself.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: That one.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Thanks.
text: Salvador inserts coins into the machine, pulls the bleach lever.
scene_heading: 159 INT. SWING CLUBHOUSE BATHROOM STALL - THE NEXT EVENING 159
text: Miguel pops two pills. Exits out into the...
scene_heading: 160 SWING CLUBHOUSE - CONTINUOUS 160
text: ...where Salvador undresses out of his bleach-stained street
text: clothes. Miguel walks past without acknowledging him.
scene_heading: 161 EXT. BRIDGETOWN SWING BALL PARK - LATE AFTERNOON 161
text: THE CAMERA eerily floats toward and around Miguel on the mound.
text: He stares down the HITTER, totally focused. He touches his
text: cross, whispers a prayer to himself.
text: Winds up, throws, and...
speaker_heading: THUD!
text: ...a cloud of dust pops off the catcher's mitt, just like the
text: old days. Miguel's "stuff" is back. And he knows it.
text: A161 IN THE STANDS. Earl and Helen settle into their box seats A161
text: eating caramel corn and cola.
text: B161 RADIO ANNOUNCERS BOOTH. Jack Jefferies at the mic... B161
speaker_heading: JACK JEFFERIES
text: Miguel Santos appears to be in top form
dialog: tonight, striking out two of three in
dialog: the first. I don't want to jinx it,
dialog: but this sure looks like the Santos we
dialog: knew earlier this season.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 82.
text: C161 IN THE DUGOUT. There's an intensity we haven't seen before in C161
dialog: Miguel. We get the sense he's treating this game like it could
dialog: be his last.
scene_heading: 162 ON THE MOUND - 2ND INNING 162
text: CLOSE ON MIGUEL. Sweating more than he should at this point in
dialog: the game, but...
dialog: ...who cares? He continues to dominate opposing hitters,
text: striking out two more in the 2nd.
text: A162 IN THE STANDS. Earl and Helen CHEER for their Miguel. A162
scene_heading: 163 IN THE DUGOUT - LATER THAT NIGHT 163
text: Still sweating, Miguel is now shifting his jaw back-and-forth.
text: The SOUND FADES LOW, as he stares onto the field, sees...
text: ...the teams changing sides between innings, everyone moving in
scene_heading: subtle SLOW-MOTION (36 fps).
text: Stu approaches Miguel, puts his hand on his shoulder. We see
text: him mouth the words, "You okay?", but NO SOUND comes out.
dialog: Miguel nods, yes.
scene_heading: 164 BACK ON THE FIELD - 5TH INNING 164
text: And back in real time (24 fps). Miguel fires his first pitch
text: over the head of his catcher and all the way to the backstop.
text: Orlando motions for him to calm down.
text: The next pitch is closer, but still high.
text: And the next pitch BEANS the hitter in the thigh.
text: Miguel swears at himself, tries hard to calm down, but his heart
dialog: is racing.
scene_heading: A164 IN THE RADIO BOOTH A164
speaker_heading: JACK JEFFERIES
text: Top of the fifth and Santos is showing
dialog: some control issues. Not sure what's
text: going on down there, but he seems to be
text: talking to himself.
text: B164 ON THE MOUND, Orlando runs out to Miguel. B164
speaker_heading: ORLANDO
dialog: Don't worry about it. You're all good.
dialog: Just relax. Throw strikes. They can't
dialog: touch you. Just throw strikes.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 83.
text: Miguel nods. Orlando goes back behind the plate.
text: Miguel glances to the runner at first, then delivers...
speaker_heading: UMPIRE
dialog: Strike!
text: Orlando nods, encouraging. Throws the ball back.
text: Miguel takes another deep breath. He whispers a prayer to
text: himself, grabs the ball in his spike curve grip, and...
text: ...his next pitch is ROCKED to deep left field.
text: Miguel immediately lowers his head, unable to watch. We HOLD on
text: his anguished reaction, as the hitter circles the bases.
text: STU shakes his head in disappointment.
text: C164 FROM THE BULLPEN, Salvador watches, concerned. C164
text: D164 FROM THE STANDS, Earl and Helen clap for encouragement. D164
text: E164 MIGUEL does his best to shake it off, but he keeps muttering toE164
text: himself, which makes him look crazy.
text: Another deep breath. Another pitch...
speaker_heading: UH-OH.
text: This one almost finds the batter's head, as he falls to the dirt
text: to avoid contact. It's on.
speaker_heading: UMPIRE
dialog: (ejecting Miguel)
dialog: You're outta here!
text: The batter leaps to his feet, walks out toward the mound,
text: pointing his finger at Miguel, PISSED.
text: Miguel opens his arms, inviting a fight. Orlando steps between
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: BATTER
dialog: Fucking Puerto Rican piece of shit!
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (in English)
dialog: Fuck you, cocksucker!
text: Both benches clear, as players rush out onto the field to
dialog: restore order.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 84.
text: Miguel and the batter continue jawing at each other, while the
text: other players swirl around them, creating little sub-conflicts
dialog: of their own. It's a mess.
text: The sound FADES TO SILENCE and the image blends to SLO-MO again.
text: There's something poetic about a bunch of men in child-like
text: baseball uniforms, screaming at each other in silence.
text: Miguel looks around, perhaps recognizing this for himself...
dialog: Hold, until...
text: ...he calmly walks off the field, leaving the chaos behind.
scene_heading: 165 INT. SWING CLUBHOUSE SHOWERS - A LITTLE LATER 165
text: Miguel showers alone.
scene_heading: 166 INT. HIGGINS KITCHEN - NIGHT 166
text: Miguel eats a late dinner at the table. Earl sits at the other
text: end, sipping some tea, while Helen does dishes at the sink.
text: The mood is uncomfortably tense. Nobody says a word, until
text: Miguel musters up the courage.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I'm sorry.
text: Helen turns off the faucet, turns around. Earl methodically
text: sets down his mug, stands up, and crosses to Miguel. Puts his
text: arm around his shoulder, wherein...
text: ...Miguel breaks down, hugs Earl around the waist, his face
text: pressed against his stomach. He's crying. Hold.
scene_heading: 167 INT. BRIDGETOWN SWING BALL PARK - COACHES' OFFICE - EVENING 167
text: Stu addresses Miguel before the game. Though his words are
text: encouraging, his tone is detached, cold. Miguel senses this,
text: listens, dejected.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: You played with your emotions, and your
dialog: emotions got the best of you. Happens
dialog: to everyone. It's just a nasty part of
dialog: the game. Nobody likes to admit it,
dialog: but it is. The true test of our
dialog: character as athletes... is how we come
dialog: back. It's up to you.
text: Stu notices Hardy, the Swing mascot, pass by his office door.
speaker_heading: STU
dialog: Hardy! Don't wander off; I gotta talk
dialog: to you about that accountant...
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 85.
scene_heading: 168 EXT. BRIDGETOWN SWING BALLPARK - NIGHT 168
text: Miguel sits out in the bullpen with the other relievers, while
dialog: Stu continues in V.O.
speaker_heading: STU (V.O.)
dialog: So, um, anyway, I'm bumping Sal into
dialog: your slot in the rotation. I'd like to
dialog: see how you handle a relief spot.
text: A168 ON THE MOUND, Salvador fires in the opening pitch. A168
text: B168 IN THE RADIO BOOTH, Jack Jefferies does his play by play. B168
speaker_heading: JACK JEFFERIES
text: Moving up from relief, Torres makes his
dialog: third start for the Swing. I tell ya,
dialog: this lanky kid from the Dominican
dialog: Republic has surprised us all with his
dialog: unique delivery and precision. Reminds
dialog: me of a young Pedro Martinez... Hey
dialog: there Bees fans, don't forget, closing
text: night is approaching fast and tickets
dialog: are selling out. So pick yours up at
dialog: the box office today...
scene_heading: 169 IN THE BULLPEN 169
text: Similar to an earlier sequence of JUMPCUTS on Miguel reacting to
text: the game from the dugout, we now HOLD on Miguel, solemn and
text: detached, from the bullpen.
dialog: NOTE: the frame for the following images contains the first 3-4
text: rows of FANS seated behind the bullpen, so we can also use them
text: to gauge what might be happening on the field.
text: PLAY 1: Miguel, the FOUR RELIEVERS, and the fans clap for a
dialog: nice play.
text: PLAY 2: The fans jump to their feet as a ground ball passes
text: through frame, followed by an outfielder in hot pursuit.
text: PLAY 3: A reliever warms up in the foreground. Miguel stares
text: ahead, deadpan, while the others chat and spit chewing tobacco.
text: PLAY 4: A new reliever warms up, then runs out onto the field,
text: leaving only two others with Miguel.
text: PLAY 5: Miguel stares ahead, while the crowd does the "Chicken
dialog: Dance" behind him.
text: PLAY 6: The fans leap to their feet in applause. The two
text: relievers high-five. Miguel CLAPS, going through the motions.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 86.
text: PLAY 7: Miguel chews and spits sunflower seed shells as the
text: fans sing along to "Take Me Out to the Ball Game."
text: PLAY 8: Another reliever runs out onto the field, leaving only
dialog: Miguel and one other guy.
text: PLAY 9: Miguel is finally warming up, ready to enter the game,
dialog: but...
text: ...the fans leap to their feet, CHEERING victoriously. Game
text: over. The only other reliever grabs his jacket, and heads out
text: onto the field.
text: As the players and fans head for the exits, Miguel remains on
text: the bullpen mound for a beat. He nods to himself, oddly at
text: peace with the moment. Miguel steps off the mound and we PAN
text: with him, as he crosses frame, and makes the long walk to the
text: dugout. Hold.
scene_heading: 170 INT. MIGUEL'S BEDROOM - LATE AFTERNOON 170
text: Miguel grabs a slip of paper from his nightstand. His large
text: duffel bag is packed full in front of him. On the wall, his NYC
text: calendar is turned to AUGUST.
text: He goes to the phone. Dials...
text: After a long beat he hangs up.
scene_heading: 171 INT. HIGGINS FARMHOUSE - KITCHEN - EVENING 171
text: Helen walks in to find Miguel washing the dishes in the sink.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Oh, honey, you don't have to do that.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (his English better than
dialog: ever)
dialog: No problem. I want to help.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Well, thank you, Miguel.
text: Helen grabs a dish towel. They do the dishes together in
text: silence. After a beat...
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Thank you, Helen.
text: Helen smiles, pats Miguel on the back. HOLD.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 87.
scene_heading: 172 EXT. BRIDGETOWN SWING BALL PARK - EARLY MORNING 172
text: Earl drops off Miguel near the team bus, as players and coaches
dialog: load their gear in, and get on.
text: Miguel cautiously approaches the bus, sees Salvador,
dialog: hesitates...
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I forgot something in the clubhouse.
dialog: I'll be right back.
text: As Miguel turns, Salvador grabs his bag, which is still on his
dialog: shoulder.
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Here, I'll load your bag.
text: Miguel grips his bag tighter and the two of them lock eyes.
text: Salvador senses his intensity, releases the bag. Miguel backs
text: away with Salvador looking on.
speaker_heading: ED
dialog: Where's he going?
speaker_heading: SALVADOR
dialog: Bathroom.
text: AT THE CLUBHOUSE ENTRANCE Miguel turns back to the bus, sees...
text: ...Salvador eyeing him from the open bus window. Sal raises his
text: hand, very subtly waves goodbye.
text: Miguel continues on his way.
scene_heading: 173 EXT. BURLINGTON BUS DEPOT - MINUTES LATER 173
text: A local taxi pulls up, and Miguel hops out with his duffel bag.
scene_heading: 174 INT. BUS - DAY 174
text: Miguel steps on, moves past the other PASSENGERS, finds an empty
text: seat towards the back. He sits down, catches his breath, and
text: whispers a prayer to himself. When he's done, he looks across
text: the aisle, where an OLD LADY is staring at him.
text: He shoots her a cautious smile.
scene_heading: 175 INT. MOVING BUS - DAY/EVENING 175
text: Miguel stares, wide-eyed, out the window at the shifting
text: landscapes, daytime into evening...
dialog: --cornstalks.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 88.
dialog: --bridges and rivers.
dialog: --city lights.
text: He sleeps against the window, his Clemente book open on his lap.
scene_heading: 176 INT. MOVING BUS- LATER 176
text: From the New Jersey turnpike, Miguel sees the approaching
text: Manhattan skyline in the early morning light. He sits up
text: straight, looks attentively at the city emerging in the
dialog: distance.
scene_heading: 177 INT. TIMES SQUARE SUBWAY STATION 177
text: Morning COMMUTERS push past Miguel, as he looks around, lost in
text: the cacophony of the swirling rush hour environment.
text: He locates a giant subway map on the wall, the various subway
text: lines reaching into the outer boroughs like colorful tentacles.
text: His eyes scan the map, and we follow his finger up the green
text: line's numbered stations, stopping on 161ST/YANKEE STADIUM.
text: Miguel smiles.
text: AT THE TURNSTILES. Miguel inches forward, observes people
text: passing through after swiping cards. He notices a line behind a
text: Metrocard vending machine nearby.
scene_heading: 178 AT THE MACHINE - SECONDS LATER 178
dialog: Fortunately, there is a Spanish option, so after a few touches
dialog: and BEEPS, he's got his card.
text: 179 AT THE TURNSTILE 179
text: He swipes the card, tries to pass through, but the turnstile
text: won't budge. He studies the message: "SWIPE AGAIN AT THIS
text: TURNSTILE", but can't make sense of it. Miguel tries again,
text: this time very slowly, but still can't get through.
text: An IMPATIENT COMMUTER behind him SIGHS loudly.
text: Miguel steps out of the way, let's the commuter pass.
text: After the commuter goes through, Miguel tries again.
scene_heading: 180 INT. SUBWAY PEDESTRIAN TUNNEL 180
text: As Miguel strolls through the underground hallway that connects
text: the various Times Square subway lines, he sees...
text: --a TEAM OF BREAKDANCERS performing for tips.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 89.
dialog: --billboard ads for movies, music, dermatologists, Mets
dialog: baseball, etc.
text: --a HOMELESS MAN passed out on the ground.
text: --a WOMAN selling a random collection of objects: VHS tapes,
dialog: batteries, a used blender...
scene_heading: 181 INT. SUBWAY TRAIN - MOVING 181
text: Miguel observes other passengers, when the train emerges above
text: ground. He stands, looks out the window as the train passes
text: Yankee Stadium.
scene_heading: 182 EXT. 167TH ST. - THE BRONX - DAY 182
text: Miguel descends from the elevated subway station, glances
text: around. The atmosphere is immediately more familiar, as PEOPLE
text: walk by speaking Spanish; MERENGUE blasts out of an open
text: apartment window; Dominican flags hang from others.
text: Miguel paces up the block, looking for something. He smiles
dialog: when he finds...
text: ...El Restaurante Caribe. A HELP WANTED sign (in English and
text: Spanish) hangs in the window.
scene_heading: 183 INT. EL RESTAURANTE CARIBE - DAY 183
text: Miguel takes a seat at the counter, smiles to the waitress,
text: REYNA (cute, 20-something, Dominican).
speaker_heading: REYNA
dialog: (in Spanish, of course)
dialog: Talk to me.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Is Jorge working today?
speaker_heading: REYNA
dialog: Jorge?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Jorge Ramirez.
text: A bus boy, RAFAEL, overhears as he passes by.
speaker_heading: RAFAEL
dialog: Jorge, the ball player!
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Yeah!
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 90.
speaker_heading: REYNA
dialog: Oh. The ballpayer... He left about two
dialog: weeks ago.
speaker_heading: RAFAEL
dialog: I think he drives a car now.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Do you have a phone number for him?
dialog: His old one isn't working.
text: Reyna shrugs, looks to Rafael.
speaker_heading: RAFAEL
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: Sorry... But I think he was staying
text: down at concourse village on 156th.
speaker_heading: REYNA
text: He still comes in to eat sometimes.
text: Miguel nods, looks off, a little anxious.
scene_heading: 184 EXT. 156TH STREET - DAY 184
text: Miguel glances up at the dozens of high-rise apartment buildings
text: in every direction.
text: He walks away, discouraged.
speaker_heading: 185 OMITTED 185
scene_heading: 186 EXT. (ANOTHER) STREET - DAY 186
text: Miguel continues to follow the elevated subway tracks, which
dialog: lead him straight to...
text: ...YANKEE STADIUM. He looks up at the park's grand exterior
text: with wonder. Approaches to get a closer look.
text: The Stadium is closed today, so Miguel struggles to catch a
text: glimpse of the field through an iron fence. He grabs hold of
text: the bars, attempts to climb just enough to get a better view,
dialog: but...
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: (in English)
dialog: You wanta see the inside, you gotta buy
dialog: a ticket, pal.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (jumping down)
dialog: Sorry.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 91.
scene_heading: 187 EXT. SOUND VIEW PARK - LATE AFTERNOON 187
text: With his duffel on his lap, Miguel sits on a bench overlooking a
text: a community baseball field, where local KIDS play for fun. He
text: stares off blankly, preoccupied with other things.
scene_heading: A188 EXT. PARADISE HOTEL - DUSK A188
text: Miguel stands before the old transient hotel.
scene_heading: 188 INT. PARADISE HOTEL LOBBY 188
text: Miguel sidesteps a nodding JUNKY on his way to the front desk,
text: approaches the toothless Russian clerk, NIKOLAI (late 50s).
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: One room.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: For how long?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I don't know.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Two hundred a week. First week in
dialog: advance.
text: As Miguel tries to piece together what was just said, he notices
text: a rack of condoms beside a set of long distance calling cards on
text: the front desk. The name of the calling card is ALÓ MAMÁ!
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
text: Two hundred now.
text: Miguel reaches for the calling card.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: This also please.
scene_heading: 189 INT. PARADISE HOTEL HALLWAY - MINUTES LATER 189
text: As Miguel looks for his room, he passes another room's doorway,
text: where a middle-aged JOHN gives a woman a kiss goodbye. Miguel
text: makes brief eye contact with the woman, RAQUEL. She smiles.
scene_heading: 190 INT. PARADISE HOTEL ROOM 190
text: Miguel turns on the light to find a small bed in the corner of
text: the room. There's also a desk with a phone. Miguel puts down
text: his duffel and sits at the desk. He examines the calling card
text: for a beat, then goes to the window, looks out. Hold.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 92.
scene_heading: 191 EXT. 163RD STREET - NEXT DAY 191
text: Miguel strolls by various stores and restaurants. He passes
text: outside a WOODEN CABINET STORE, where 5-6 Dominican men, ranging
text: in age from 20 to 50 years old, make furniture in the shop. He
text: stops for a beat, watching the men work.
scene_heading: 192 INT. CABINET STORE DISPLAY ROOM 192
text: Miguel approaches a man, OSVALDO (late 50s), who works at his
text: desk on the computer.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: You speak Spanish?
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Is this your place?
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: Yeah. Can I help you?
text: Miguel glances around at the various wooden furniture items for
dialog: sale.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I like your work.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: Thanks. What are you looking for?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Oh, no, I mean... I don't know. I was
dialog: passing by and thought maybe you might
dialog: need some help. I know how to make
dialog: furniture, and--
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: --I don't have any work right now.
dialog: Sorry.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Right. Okay, thanks for your time.
text: Osvaldo gets back to his computer, but Miguel lingers...
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Do you know any other places like this
dialog: where I might find work?
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: Have you checked the classifieds?
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 93.
scene_heading: 193 INT. EL CARIBE RESTAURANT - LATE AFTERNOON 193
text: Miguel sips soda from a straw as he leafs through the
text: classifieds in a Spanish-language daily.
dialog: INSERT: Various employment ads, requiring experience, fluency in
dialog: English, working papers, etc.
text: Miguel glances up, stares out the window. Rafael, the busboy
text: from the other day, wipes down the table next to Miguel.
speaker_heading: RAFAEL
dialog: If you leave a number, I'll give it to
text: him next time he comes through.
scene_heading: 194 INT. PARADISE HOTEL BEDROOM - EVENING 194
text: Miguel braces himself, dials on the phone, waits... His NYC
text: calendar (turned to the Statue of Liberty month) hangs on the
text: wall in the background.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Erica?
text: A194 We INTERCUT between Miguel and his home in the Dominican A194
dialog: Republic.
speaker_heading: ERICA
dialog: Miguel! My God, where are you?
text: Carmen snatches the phone from Erica, who stays close, trying to
dialog: listen in.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Miguelito, what is going on? Frank
dialog: called last night. Where are you?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: New York.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Oh, my God! What are you doing in New
dialog: York? I don't understand. Your team
dialog: is looking for you.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I can't play anymore.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Are you hurt? What does that mean, you
dialog: can't play?
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 94.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: No. I'm fine. It just--
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: We've been working for this your whole
dialog: life, Miguelito. Oh, my God! You're
dialog: so close. I don't understand...
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Don't worry, mom. I have some money.
dialog: We're going to be okay.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: You have to go back. Listen, Miguel,
dialog: my sweet sugar, call Frank. They'll
dialog: take you back.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I can't go back--
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Did I raise you like this? Did I raise
dialog: you to give up?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I didn't give up. I'm starting
dialog: something new here.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: What? What are you starting?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I have to go mom. The card's almost
dialog: out of minutes.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Where are you even staying? Miguel--
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Don't worry. I'm staying with a
dialog: friend. I have a new job. It's all
dialog: good. I'm sending money tomorrow.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Miguel--
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I love you. I'm sorry.
text: Miguel hangs up, stares off.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 95.
scene_heading: 195 INT. WESTERN UNION - MORNING 195
text: CAMERA TRACKS past a long line of IMMIGRANTS in all shapes and
text: sizes, preparing to wire money back home, wherever that is.
text: MINUTES LATER. Miguel looks at the few bills in his wallet,
text: hands two fifties to the TELLER.
scene_heading: 196 INT. EL CARIBE RESTAURANT - DAY 196
text: Miguel leans over the counter, talks to Reyna, the waitress.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Hey, um, I was in here the other day.
speaker_heading: REYNA
dialog: Yeah, sure, did you find your guy?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: No. I'm actually looking for a job
dialog: today.
text: She smiles, calls over to...
speaker_heading: REYNA
dialog: Fernando!
dialog: (leans close to Miguel)
dialog: Tell him you like his shirt.
text: Reyna moves away, and Miguel glances over to the approaching
text: MANAGER. He's wearing an outrageously colorful tropical shirt.
scene_heading: 197 INT. EL CARIBE RESTAURANT - KITCHEN 197
text: CLOSE ON Miguel's hand scraping uneaten food into the trash.
text: His new co-worker, RAFAEL (the same bus boy from Miguel's first
text: visit), shows Miguel how to use the dishwasher.
speaker_heading: RAFAEL
dialog: And then put it in here with the
dialog: others.
text: Miguel puts the plate in the large dish washer.
speaker_heading: RAFAEL
text: When it's full, set to scrub, and there
dialog: it is.
text: Miguel stares at the machine as it HUMS and WHIRS.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 96.
scene_heading: 198 INT. EL CARIBE RESTAURANT - NIGHT 198
text: Miguel and Rafael sit next to each other in the back, eating
dialog: dinner.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Do you know anybody with a room for
dialog: rent?
text: Rafael shakes his head, no.
speaker_heading: RAFAEL
dialog: But I'll ask around, let you know if I
dialog: hear of anything.
text: Miguel nods, gets back to his food.
speaker_heading: RAFAEL
dialog: You and Jorge used to play baseball
dialog: together?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Yeah, you like baseball?
speaker_heading: RAFAEL
dialog: It's okay. I'd rather watch soccer
dialog: though... Have you found him yet?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: RAFAEL
dialog: He'll be through sooner or later.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: How long have you worked here?
speaker_heading: RAFAEL
dialog: Two years.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Do you have family here?
speaker_heading: RAFAEL
dialog: No. My wife and kids are still in
dialog: Mexico.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: My family's in the Dominican.
text: Rafael nods, and they continue eating.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 97.
scene_heading: 199 INT. PARADISE HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 199
text: Loud, overexaggerated SEX SOUNDS filter in from another room,
text: while Miguel reads the last page of the Clemente biography.
text: After a beat, he closes the book, listens.
scene_heading: 200 INT. WOODEN CABINET SHOP - EARLY EVENING 200
text: Two EMPLOYEES say goodbye to Osvaldo as Miguel enters the shop.
text: Miguel approaches Osvaldo, who is sanding a table.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Hi, um, do you remember me?
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: Yeah, but, sorry, I still don't have a
dialog: job for you.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: That's okay. I already found one. I'm
dialog: actually just trying to make a coffee
dialog: table, and I'd like to buy some wood
dialog: and supplies.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: I don't really sell raw materials...
text: Miguel hesitates.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I just moved here, you know, and I
dialog: don't have a space to work. Do you
dialog: think I could do some work for you,
dialog: help you clean up or whatever you need,
dialog: in exchange for using your shop? You
dialog: don't have to pay me.
text: Osvaldo sizes up Miguel's unusual request.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: Somebody paying you for the table?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: No. It's a gift for my mom. Something
dialog: I like to do.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: How old are you?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Twenty.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: Who taught you to make tables?
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 98.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: My dad. He was a carpenter in San
dialog: Pedro.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: Is that where you're from?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: I grew up in Santiago. What are you
dialog: doing in New York?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I came to work. I used to play
dialog: baseball.
text: Osvaldo nods, understanding.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: The whole world plays baseball. My
dialog: son's sixteen. Won't touch a piece of
dialog: wood that's not a bat. I never cared
dialog: for the game, myself. Too slow.
text: Miguel laughs.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: Your mom still in San Pedro?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Yeah. With my sister and brother.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: So, you're telling me that you want to
dialog: make a table for your mom, then mail it
dialog: back to her in the Dominican?
text: Miguel nods. Osvaldo smiles, finally warming up.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Miguel.
text: They shake hands.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: Osvaldo.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 99.
scene_heading: 201 INT. EL CARIBE RESTAURANT - DAY 201
text: Miguel performs his new work routine: mopping floors, washing
text: dishes, accepting deliveries. He seems to be getting the hang
dialog: of things.
scene_heading: 202 INT. EL CARIBE RESTAURANT - LATER 202
text: As Miguel eats from a heaping plate of beef and mashed yucca, he
text: watches Reyna chatting up a customer from behind the counter.
scene_heading: 203 EXT. STREET - NIGHT 203
text: Miguel passes a Western Union, looks inside, but keeps going.
scene_heading: 204 INT. CABINET STORE - NIGHT 204
text: Miguel finishes work on his table for the night, covers it with
text: a blanket, and proceeds to sweep up. Osvaldo works at his
text: desktop computer from across the room. They don't speak.
scene_heading: 205 INT. PARADISE HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT 205
text: Miguel sits at the desk, talks into the phone.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Hello... Is Sofia at home?... Yeah,
dialog: it's Miguel again... Can you tell
dialog: her... Just tell her I called...
text: Miguel hangs up.
scene_heading: 206 INT. LAUNDROMAT - NIGHT 206
text: Miguel leans against the counter, staring at his clothes
text: twirling in the dryer, when...
text: ...he notices Raquel unloading her clothes a few dryers away.
text: She pushes her laundry cart to the opposite side of his counter,
text: begins folding.
text: Miguel stares at her out of the corner of his eye, taking
dialog: special notice of her diverse underwear collection ranging from
text: lacy thongs to the standard cotton variety. She catches him
text: peeking.
speaker_heading: RAQUEL
dialog: (with a mysterious Eastern-
dialog: European accent)
dialog: You just going to watch or you going to
dialog: help me out?
text: Caught off guard, Miguel smiles awkwardly, turns away. After a
text: few beats, a flying sock lands on his shoulder.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 100.
text: He turns back to find several random items of her clothing on
text: the counter in front of him. She smiles, keeps folding.
text: Miguel sorts through the items: socks, underwear, t-shirts. He
text: looks back to her, then begins folding, as the laundromat's
text: machinery reverberates around them. They exchange brief grins.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Where you from?
speaker_heading: RAQUEL
dialog: Ukraine.
text: Miguel nods, and they continue folding in silence. Hold.
scene_heading: 207 INT. CABINET STORE - NIGHT 207
text: Miguel carves wood, while Osvaldo looks on from his desk. They
text: exchange glances, until Miguel breaks the silence.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: So you never liked baseball? Not even
dialog: as a kid?
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: It's okay. Sometimes during the
dialog: playoffs I'll watch a game or two.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Who's your favorite player?
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: I don't know enough to have a favorite.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: C'mon, everybody has a favorite player:
dialog: Juan Marichal, Pedro Martinez?
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: Fine. Jose Canseco.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Jose Canseco!? That's the best you can
dialog: do?
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: Okay, what about you?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Roberto Clemente.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: (pushing his buttons)
dialog: Never heard of him.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 101.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Shut up.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: What's so special about Clemente?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I read this book where he said
dialog: something like, "If you have the
dialog: opportunity to help someone and don't,
dialog: then you're wasting your life."
dialog: And he was a carpenter too.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: Get out of here.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: For real. He used to make furniture
dialog: during the off season.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: Are you fucking with me? Cause you
dialog: know I can google this fool right now.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Google?
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: The internet. Don't worry, I'll teach
dialog: you someday.
text: A beat. Miguel continues his work.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: When did you get released?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: They didn't release me. I left a few
dialog: days before the season ended.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: You left? When was this?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: About two weeks ago.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: Holy shit. Where are you staying?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Oh, you know, with a friend. But if
dialog: you know somebody who needs a
dialog: roommate...
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 102.
text: Osvaldo nods and they continue working.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: (after a beat)
dialog: Why'd you leave?
text: Miguel hesitates, unsure where to begin. Osvaldo senses his
dialog: discomfort with the question.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: Do you have any family here?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (shaking his head)
dialog: But I'm okay... I have some money
dialog: saved, a couple friends. I'll go home
dialog: to visit soon.
text: Osvaldo doesn't quite buy it, but nods anyway.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Do you know a place called Ukraine?
scene_heading: 208 INT. PARADISE HOTEL LOBBY - NIGHT 208
text: Miguel attempts to slip past Nikolai, who is currently checking
dialog: in another GUEST, but...
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Hey! You owe money. Full week!
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I know. I have tomorrow. No problem.
speaker_heading: NIKOLAI
dialog: Yes, problem. You pay tomorrow or you
dialog: have big problem.
text: Miguel continues up the stairs.
scene_heading: 209 INT. MIGUEL'S BEDROOM - LATER 209
text: Unable to sleep, Miguel lies in bed, staring at the ceiling,
text: when he overhears a commotion from across the hall.
text: After a beat, he hears a door open and SLAM SHUT.
text: He goes to the door, listens close. It's quiet, until...
speaker_heading: KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK
text: Miguel flinches. Then slowly cracks open the door to find...
text: ...Raquel standing before him with a small leather duffel bag.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 103.
speaker_heading: RAQUEL
dialog: (handing him the bag)
dialog: Love, keep this in your room for me.
dialog: Just a few hours. Til morning. I'll
dialog: be back.
text: She forces the bag into his hands, kisses him on the cheek, and
text: retreats into her own room.
text: Miguel closes the door, still holding the bag. He sets it on
text: his bed, stares at it. After a few beats, he grabs it, stuffs
text: it under the bed, out of sight.
text: He sits down at the desk, stares at the bed, when he hears
text: SHOUTING from the hall. Again, he goes to the door, listens.
text: Another MAN POUNDS on Raquel's door, SCREAMING in Ukrainian,
text: while Nikolai YELLS at the man in English, though Miguel can't
text: make out exactly what's going on. The shouting intensifies
text: until a SCUFFLE breaks out. A woman SCREAMS. Miguel reaches
text: for the door handle, but stops himself.
text: He steps into his BATHROOM, shuts the door, sits on the toilet.
text: The muffled SHOUTING continues. Miguel waits.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
scene_heading: 210 INT. MIGUEL'S ROOM - LATER 210
text: Now quiet, Miguel stares at the mysterious bag on his bed, then
text: heads for the door with his packed duffel over his shoulder. He
text: puts his ear to the door, then exits, leaving the other bag
dialog: behind.
scene_heading: 211 INT. PARADISE HOTEL HALLWAY 211
text: Miguel tip-toes down the hall. He stops in front of Raquel's
text: room, leans down, and slides his room key under her door.
text: Continues down the hall.
scene_heading: 212 EXT. STREET - PHONE BOOTH - EARLY MORNING 212
text: Miguel dials his calling card number into the phone, listens...
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Frank... It's Miguel.
text: We hold on Miguel, though we can hear Frank's muffled voice
text: through the receiver.
speaker_heading: FRANK (O.S.)
dialog: Jesus, Miguel, what the hell happened?
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 104.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Sorry for calling late. I'm in New
dialog: York.
speaker_heading: FRANK (O.S.)
dialog: I heard. You're making me look bad.
dialog: What are you doing there?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I got a job, but I don't know if I'm
dialog: going to stay...
speaker_heading: FRANK (O.S.)
dialog: Where you gonna go? The season's
dialog: over... Your visa's expired.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I know, but I thought maybe I could...
text: A beat, as Miguel drifts off.
speaker_heading: FRANK
dialog: I can talk to Alvarez... But I don't
dialog: know. Nobody's happy about this.
text: Miguel bites his lip. A police SIREN flies by.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I know. Sorry.
speaker_heading: FRANK (O.S.)
dialog: Look, Miguel--
text: Miguel hangs up the phone.
scene_heading: 213 EXT. ALL NIGHT CAFE - NIGHT 213
text: Through the window, we see Miguel seated at a corner table. He
text: stares out at the early morning traffic.
scene_heading: 214 EXT. ALL NIGHT CAFE - SAME ANGLE - EARLY MORNING - DAY 214
text: Miguel is asleep at the same table. A WAITRESS comes by with a
text: fresh pot of coffee, wakes him up. He declines another cup.
scene_heading: 215 INT. EL CARIBE RESTAURANT - DAY 215
text: Exhausted, Miguel goes through his usual work routine: bussing
text: tables, washing dishes, stocking the kitchen...
scene_heading: 216 INT. CABINET STORE - NIGHT 216
text: Miguel approaches Osvaldo with his duffel bag. He looks a mess.
text: Osvaldo glances up from his work.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 105.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: Hey, Miguel.
text: Miguel doesn't respond. Osvaldo notices his packed bag and worn
text: expression. Both men stare at each other for a long beat.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I don't know where to go.
text: Osvaldo approaches, takes the duffel from Miguel's shoulder.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
scene_heading: 217 EXT. STREET - OUTSIDE EL CARIBE RESTAURANT - DAY 217
text: Now wearing a Fall coat, Miguel crosses the street on his way to
dialog: work, when...
speaker_heading: BEEEEEEP!
text: ...he's startled by a loud car horn coming from a black livery
text: cab parked at the curb.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (giving the finger)
dialog: Fuck you, man!
text: Miguel keeps walking, but stops upon hearing...
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Fuck you too, bro!
text: Miguel turns to find Jorge, leaping out of his car, and running
text: at him. They hug.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: What happened to you?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Me? What happened to you?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I been looking for you for weeks.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: I know. Rafi said you took my old job.
dialog: Welcome to New York!
scene_heading: 218 INT. EL CARIBE RESTAURANT - DAY 218
text: Jorge eats at the counter, while Miguel stands on the opposite
text: side, in his apron.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 106.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: I called the Higgins to give my new
dialog: number, but they said you split. I
dialog: couldn't believe it, man, I had no
dialog: idea.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Things got a little ugly after you
dialog: left.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: We all go through slumps you know.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: It wasn't a slump.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: What was it then?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I don't know, but I wasn't gonna wait
dialog: around for them to throw me out.
text: Jorge looks at Miguel for a tense beat.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I'm just saying...
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Whatever, man, you wouldn't be saying
dialog: that shit if you made it.
text: Miguel smiles, shrugs.
speaker_heading: REYNA
dialog: (from across the room)
dialog: Sugar! Rafi needs you in the kitchen!
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: They call you Sugar?
text: On his way to the kitchen...
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: What can I say? The name sticks.
text: As Miguel slips past Reyna on his way to the kitchen, they
text: exchange flirtatious smiles.
scene_heading: 219 INT. UPTOWN CLUB - NIGHT 219
text: Merengue fuels the packed club tonight, as the mostly Latino
text: crowd gets down on the dance floor.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 107.
text: AT THE BAR. Miguel, Reyna, Jorge, and his girlfriend, MONICA,
text: drink beers, enjoying the party.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: They got all kinds in this league, bro.
dialog: Like fat cats in their forties, kids
dialog: like you and me, Dominicans, Puerto
dialog: Ricans, even some white boys. I got
dialog: this fifty year old catcher on my team,
dialog: used to play for the Dodgers. Can't
dialog: run for shit, but he's out there every
dialog: week. Belly out to here. My man can
dialog: still go deep though... You ever hear
dialog: from that kid, Brad?
text: Reyna leans close to Miguel, says something in his ear, and he
text: smiles, as she leads him out onto...
scene_heading: 220 THE DANCEFLOOR 220
text: ...where they carve up some fast and fierce moves. Miguel grins
text: wide, having a great time. At this point the sound FADES LOW
text: and the image blends to SLOW-MOTION, their bodies gliding
text: through the frame, soothing and peaceful. Hold, as Jeff
text: Buckley's "Hallelujah" FADES UP and carries over...
scene_heading: 221 EXT. EL CARIBE RESTAURANT - MORNING 221
text: A DELIVERY MAN puts boxes on a ramp, which go from his truck
dialog: down into...
scene_heading: 222 INT. EL CARIBE RESTAURANT BASEMENT 222
text: Miguel takes the boxes off the ramp.
scene_heading: 223 INT. EL CARIBE RESTAURANT - DAY 223
text: Miguel and Reyna eat together, smiling.
scene_heading: 224 INT. WESTERN UNION - NIGHT 224
text: Miguel hands the teller two fifty dollar bills.
scene_heading: 225 EXT. STREET - NIGHT 225
text: Miguel floats down the street among a packed block of Bronx
text: pedestrians. He blends in now, just another face in the crowd.
scene_heading: 226 INT. WOODEN CABINET SHOP - NIGHT 226
text: Osvaldo helps Miguel work on his coffee table.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 108.
scene_heading: 227 INT. WOODEN CABINET SHOP - LATER THAT NIGHT 227
text: Osvaldo teaches Miguel how to use the internet.
scene_heading: 228 INT. OSVALDO'S APARTMENT - DINING ROOM 228
text: Miguel, Osvaldo, and his wife, ESTELLA, eat dinner at the table.
text: The music continues under the following scene...
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: I did some research and I got a new
dialog: favorite player now.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Okay, good.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: Vic Power. You know him?
text: Miguel shakes his head, no.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
dialog: You ought to. Greatest Puerto Rican
dialog: first baseman ever. But that's not why
dialog: he's my favorite player... Back when he
dialog: first arrived, 1951, 52, he was playing
text: in the minors. Little Rock, Arkansas.
dialog: So the story goes, one day before a
text: game, Vic stops into this diner for
dialog: lunch. Hadn't been here long, so he
dialog: knew very little English. Didn't even
text: notice the "whites only" sign hanging
dialog: in the window. And Vic was Black. I
dialog: looked him up on Google. I mean Black
dialog: like you. So he sits down at the
text: counter and the little waitress comes
dialog: up to big Vic and says, "I'm sorry, we
dialog: don't serve colored people."
text: Osvaldo pauses for dramatic effect, as Miguel and Estella
text: eagerly await what comes next.
speaker_heading: OSVALDO
text: So he leans close to the waitress,
dialog: tells her in his best English, "That's
dialog: okay, I don't eat colored people."
text: After a beat, Estella laughs, but Miguel is unsure. Osvaldo
text: does his best to explain the joke in Spanish.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 109.
scene_heading: 229 INT. OSVALDO'S APARTMENT - SPARE ROOM - NIGHT 229
text: A229 We INTERCUT between Miguel and Carmen in the DOMINICAN REPUBLIC.229
dialog: A
text: She sits at her table in the same old house. (We can see
text: through the window that the new one is still unfinished).
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: I got the photos you sent, but you'll
dialog: have to send more.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Okay, mom, but you know it would be a
dialog: lot easier if you opened an email
dialog: account.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: Email? I don't even know how to use
dialog: the TV!
text: Miguel smiles.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I'm making a new table for you. It's
dialog: going to be real nice.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: I'm sure I'll love it. Thank you.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: How's Erica?
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: She's good. Got a job at the factory.
dialog: Just part-time, though, so she can keep
dialog: up with school.
text: Miguel removes the phone from his ear for a beat.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: And Luis?
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: He's pitching now. You should see him,
text: Miguel, got an arm like his brother.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Yeah, but can he throw a knuckle curve?
text: Carmen laughs. After a beat...
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I miss you, mom. But, I'm working
dialog: hard. I'll be home soon. Give
dialog: everyone a hug for me.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 110.
speaker_heading: CARMEN
dialog: I will, Sugar. I love you.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I love you, too.
text: She nods, hangs up, and looks over to...
text: ...LITTLE LUIS, watching her from across the room.
scene_heading: 230 EXT. ROBERTO CLEMENTE FIELD - BRONX - DAY 230
text: CLOSE ON a Dominican flag being waved by a TODDLER. A WIDER
text: ANGLE reveals him in the packed bleachers with a diverse CROWD
dialog: of FANS and FRIENDS: Dominicans, Puerto Ricans, Anglos...
text: The mood is festive. A VENDOR sells mangos on sticks. Merengue
text: MUSIC blasts from a portable stereo in the stands. FANS drink
text: Presidente beer out of bottles.
dialog: 231 ON THE FIELD 231
text: Uniformed PLAYERS of all ages, races, shapes, and sizes warm up
text: before the game (though the majority are Dominican).
text: Jorge introduces Miguel (also in uniform) to the other players.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Caballo! This is Miguel from San
dialog: Pedro.
speaker_heading: CABALLO
dialog: The new guy. You ready to pitch?
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: CABALLO
dialog: It's been a while, no?
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Don't worry; he's ready.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
text: Jorge introduces Miguel to...
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Felipe! Meet Miguel. They call him
dialog: Sugar.
speaker_heading: FELIPE
dialog: What's up, Sugar?
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 111.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Felipe played for the Dodgers Triple-A
text: team. Hit a dinger off Pedro once.
speaker_heading: FELIPE
dialog: Twice.
speaker_heading: JORGE
dialog: Twice.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
dialog: More intros...
speaker_heading: DIEGO
dialog: I played for the Yankees.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
speaker_heading: JOSE
dialog: Cubs.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
speaker_heading: ADRIAN
dialog: Padres.
speaker_heading: JUMP CUT TO:
speaker_heading: GERONIMO
dialog: Kansas City.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: Me too! Bridgetown.
speaker_heading: GERONIMO
dialog: I was there in 96. I lived on a farm.
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: With the Higgins!
speaker_heading: GERONIMO
dialog: Yeah!
text: Miguel smiles big, just as the UMPIRE calls out...
speaker_heading: UMPIRE
dialog: Vamos! Let's play ball!
scene_heading: 232 ON THE MOUND - MINUTES LATER 232
text: We TILT UP from his cleats to reveal Miguel looking in for the
text: sign from his catcher. He nods. And delivers.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 112.
text: The ball is SMACKED toward third, where Jorge makes an awkward
text: lunge for the ball, manages to stop it with his foot. By the
text: time he gets his hand on it, the RUNNER has made it to first.
text: The fans and some of the players laugh at Jorge's ugly mistake.
speaker_heading: OLD MAN HECKLER
dialog: (from the stands)
dialog: This ain't soccer! You can use your
dialog: hands!
speaker_heading: MIGUEL
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Just like old times.
text: But Jorge shrugs and laughs it off. No pressure here. It's
text: only a game.
text: Miguel buckles down, delivers a monster fastball.
speaker_heading: UMPIRE
dialog: Strike!
text: He gets the ball back, looks to the stands, and sees...
text: ...Monica waving to Jorge at third.
text: Miguel's new friend, Osvaldo, is also there with Estella.
text: Miguel smiles to them.
text: Miguel fires in the next pitch, even faster, and the batter
text: swings straight through it.
speaker_heading: UMPIRE
dialog: Strike two!
text: He gets the ball back, lowers his head and whispers a prayer to
text: himself. Looks back to the runner on second. Comes to the set
dialog: position, and...
text: ...floats in a vicious, swooping, knuckle curve, that causes the
text: batter to flinch out of the way, before breaking back over the
dialog: plate for...
speaker_heading: UMPIRE
dialog: Strike three!
text: All the fans and players in attendance go NUTS over the awesome
text: pitch, as we follow Miguel off the field to a mini-standing
text: ovation. He tips his hat to the crowd. Just like old times.
text: Official Shooting Script as of 10/22/07 113.
scene_heading: 233 IN THE DUGOUT 233
text: Miguel takes a seat as TEAMMATES pass through the frame and pat
text: him on the back.
text: The SOUND FADES LOW as we start a SLOW ZOOM IN on Miguel. He
text: takes in the moment as we get closer, and his smile gives way to
text: a beat of quiet introspection. Hold.
text: He looks out across the field. CLAPS for encouragement.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT.
dialog: 
