scene_heading: COURAGE UNDER FIRE
dialog: A screenplay
dialog: by
dialog: Patrick Sheane Duncan
speaker_heading: FIRST DRAFT
scene_heading: Converted to PDF by SCREENTALK
scene_heading: www.screentalk.org FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY
scene_heading: INT. A DARK PLACE, NIGHT
text: A man on fire, his face and hair aflame. He stares at you,
text: accusation in his eyes. You raise a hand to keep him away.
text: The hand bursts into flame. It is a torch, skin blistering.
text: The burning man screams. You are inside a tank, M1A1 Abrams.
text: The instruments glow green. Another man on fire scrambles
text: from the hatch. The fire traces a lazy line across the
text: bulkhead. It is headed to the ammunition stacks. The man
text: screams at you again. The fire leaps upon the magazine of
text: 20mm shells. It dances there a few seconds. The man is
text: upon you - burning before your eyes. The scream is
text: intelligible for the first time. "I DON'T WANT TO DIE!"
scene_heading: INT. BAR, DAY
text: The flames become amber fluid in glass.
text: COLONEL NATHANIAL "NAT" SERLING, looks at the glass, at his
text: watch, finishes the drink, leaves.
scene_heading: EXT. BAR, DAY
text: Serling crosses the street pouring half a box of Tic-Tacs
text: into his mouth, eating them like candy.
text: He heads toward one of those anonymous buildings in Suitland
text: outside Washington, D.C. Serling is in his 40's, born to the
text: uniform, but there is something sad in his eyes, defeated in
dialog: his walk.
text: He enters the building.
scene_heading: INT. HALLWAY, DAY
text: The sign on a door says "U.S. Army - Awards and Decorations
text: Branch." Serling enters.
scene_heading: INT. COLONEL LEVINE'S OFFICE, DAY
text: COLONEL PHILLIP LEVINE, a little martinet, a bureaucratic
dialog: Hitler.
text: Serling sits across from the desk from Levine. The desk is
text: immaculate, everything arranged with a ruler and a T-square.
text: Nameplate with pens up front.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 2.
speaker_heading: LEVINE
dialog: I remember you. I was there in
dialog: Desert Storm, 24th Mech.
text: Serling nods grimly. He's been through this before. Levine
dialog: won't let it alone.
speaker_heading: LEVINE
dialog: Frankly, I'm surprised you're still
dialog: in the service.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: So am I.
text: The answer doesn't give Levine any satisfaction.
speaker_heading: LEVINE
dialog: I don't agree with this assignment.
dialog: I'm sure the General has his own
dialog: reasons.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I'm sure. Could I look at the
dialog: file?
text: The file sits alone on that splendid desk - centered.
speaker_heading: LEVINE
dialog: I'm not required to release the
dialog: documentation until I receive all
dialog: of the proper forms and orders.
text: He smiles. What a paper-pushing asshole. Serling smiles
dialog: ruefully.
speaker_heading: LEVINE
dialog: Something funny, Colonel?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Just petty little men like you who
dialog: don't have power but pounce on any
text: semblance of it like a crow ona
dialog: road kill.
text: Levine clenches his jaw. He's about to reply or spit. The
text: door opens. GENERAL HERSHBERG enters.
text: The two Colonels stand at attention until the General nods
text: then down. He slides his butt onto Levine's desk, sweeping
text: the nameplate to the corner. Levine has a shitfit, but
text: swallows it.
scene_heading: GEN. HERSHBERG
dialog: How are you doing, Nat?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 3.
speaker_heading: Hershberg
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I have an "In" box and an "Out." I
dialog: empty one and fill the other. I
dialog: even have a rubber stamp with my
dialog: name on it so I don't get writer's
dialog: cramp. It's heaven.
text: picks up the file, glances at the label and tosses
text: it to Serling. Levine is about to protest, but a look from
text: the General cuts it off at the knees.
speaker_heading: Hershberg
text: He rises.
scene_heading: GEN. HERSHBERG
dialog: This is a little hot potato and in
dialog: that weird form of Washington
dialog: alchemy it could turn into a
dialog: political football. Captain Karen
dialog: Emma Walden, first woman to be
dialog: eligible for the Medal of Honor.
speaker_heading: LEVINE
dialog: In combat.
scene_heading: GEN. HERSHBERG
dialog: In combat. First we got all the
dialog: stink about women in combat. There
dialog: are some who will be sniping at
dialog: this just because of that. Then
dialog: there are those that are going to
dialog: line up and say we're only doing
dialog: this to overcompensate or distract
dialog: the public from the charges of
dialog: sexism and sexual harassment in
dialog: the services.
speaker_heading: LEVINE
dialog: Bullshit.
text: looks at Levine like he was a cockroach on a cake.
scene_heading: GEN. HERSHBERG
dialog: There are only two things you have
dialog: to worry about, Nat. The President
dialog: wants this. I want this. His
dialog: reasons ... ? As usual I haven't
dialog: a clue. I want it because I think
dialog: she deserves it. Put it under a
dialog: microscope. With your usual
dialog: thoroughness, Nat. Any problems
dialog: call my Adjutant, Captain Banachek,
dialog: or even me. No Slacking. This is
dialog: important, Nat. To the nation. To
dialog: the Army. To me. Let's go.
text: Levine pops up.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 4.
speaker_heading: LEVINE
dialog: Sir, I can't let that file leave
dialog: this office. I haven't received
dialog: my 2930 or the 264.
scene_heading: GEN. HERSHBERG
dialog: Colonel, there's nothing I detest
text: more than little D.C. hamsters who
dialog: can't see beyond the paper at the
text: bottom of their little cages.
text: He leads Serling out, closes the door behind him. Levine is
text: left to straighten his desk.
scene_heading: EXT. BUILDING, DAY
text: The General's car waits outside. Hershberg and Serling exit,
text: go to the car. Hershberg looks up at the building.
scene_heading: GEN. HERSHBERG
dialog: That's what's killing this country.
dialog: Not crime or pollution. My daddy
dialog: used to tell me -- look close at
dialog: the word bureaucrat. There's always
text: a rat in it.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Do this right, Nat, and you can
dialog: broom your rubber stamps.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Yes, sir.
scene_heading: GEN. HERSHBERG
dialog: Captain Banachek has a list of the
dialog: eyewitnesses and their current
dialog: postings. Need a ride?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: No, sir. I drove my own car.
scene_heading: GEN. HERSHBERG
dialog: Well, don't blow through a stop
dialog: sign. That breath will lose you
dialog: your license.
text: Serling is embarrassed. He salutes. Hershberg salutes back
text: and gets into the car, unwinds the window.
scene_heading: GEN. HERSHBERG
dialog: Do this right, Nat, Captain Karen
dialog: Walden deserves it. And you need
dialog: it.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 5.
text: And he signals to the driver and is gone.
text: Serling looks at the file, walks to his car, stops. He makes
text: a right turn, crosses the street, enters a bar.
scene_heading: EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET, DAY
text: A big house and a big yard. There are five kids in the yard
text: with a refrigerator box. They are arguing over the benefits
text: of creating a house or a fort. A lot of yelling, laughing,
text: and running back and forth to the house for scissors, fat
text: felt pens and a hacksaw blade to cut the windows or gun ports
text: (still under heated discussion).
text: Serling watches from his car, parked across the street.
text: A woman comes out of the house. She is handsome, some of
text: the kids look like her. Her name is MEREDITH. She carries
text: a steaming cup of coffee and walks in a straight path across
text: the street to Serling.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Just made a fresh pot. I put some
dialog: cocoa in it for you.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Thanks. You got a new fridge.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Yes. The noise it used to make at
dialog: three in the morning? That horrible
text: rattle and moan? Didn't make it
dialog: night before last.
text: She leans comfortably against the car.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
text: Got up to find a big puddle on the
dialog: kitchen floor and had to throw
dialog: away a whole chicken. This one's
dialog: more efficient and has an ice maker
text: in the door.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You can't do this anymore. It
text: scares the kids.
text: Serling notices the children glancing his way.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: They don't understand why their
dialog: daddy chose to move out and leave
dialog: them. Neither do I.
dialog: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You don't? I explained it to you.
dialog: I have to work out this ... thing.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: I hear what you say. That doesn't
dialog: mean I understand it. But the
dialog: kids. They think it's their fault.
dialog: Don't do this to them anymore.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I... I'm leaving town for a days.
dialog: Hershberg's got me taking a Medal
dialog: of Honor and wrapping it up ina
text: shiny wrapper.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Medal of Honor?
speaker_heading: SERLING
text: A woman.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Good for her.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Posthumous.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: Too bad.
dialog: But still good for her. And about time. How long you going
dialog: to be gone?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: A week. Ten days.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: When you get back we have to deal
dialog: with this. One way or another.
text: She makes it sound very ominous. Serling makes light, Smiles.
speaker_heading: SERLING
text: Sounds like an ultimatum.
text: She doesn't smile at all.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: It is. I don't want you haunting
dialog: us like this. Either you come
dialog: through that front door -- to stay --
dialog: or you don't come back here at
dialog: all. That was hard to say.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 7.
text: And she walks back to the house, trying to hold onto her
text: composure, tears he can't see in her eyes. But Serling can
text: feel them. He knows her that well.
text: He holds the cup up to her. It is empty.
text: The front door slams shut.
text: Serling drives away. All five kids stop and watch him go.
scene_heading: INT. PLANE, NIGHT
text: It is dark in the plane. Most overhead lights out, most
text: passengers sleeping.
text: One light is on -- Serling's. He is in civilian clothes.
text: There is a collection of little bottles on Serling's tray,
text: all empty.
text: He is reading Walden's file. There are tears in his eyes.
text: The stewardess comes by and sees the tears. Serling,
text: embarrassed, turns off the overhead light and turns his face
text: to the window. He can see his own reflection. A man in
text: pain. Deep, soul-cutting pain. He pulls down the shade.
scene_heading: EXT. FORT BRAGG, DAY
text: Fort Bragg, North Carolina. Home of the 82nd Airborne.
text: Serling, in uniform, walks into one of those one-story wooden
text: barracks left over from WII.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS, DAY
text: A classroom. Horrible photos of the results of bad dental
text: hygiene, an illustration of proper brushing. Serling turns
text: the disgusting photos to face the wall. The room is filling
text: up with eleven men, all talking excitedly. It is a reunion
text: of sorts. Hugs, unashamed tears and endless talk. "What
dialog: have you been doing?" "Going to meet with us after?" "You're
dialog: getting fat, man."
text: A man in civilian clothes enters and is instantly surrounded
dialog: by the others. "Where you been?" "How's civilian life?"
dialog: "How are the legs?"
text: He pulls up his pant legs to reveal two artificial limbs.
text: That brings a round of scar comparison as clothing is peeled
text: away or dropped to reveal the shiny tissue. War wounds.
text: Serling watches -- an outsider.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 8.
text: FIRST LIEUTENANT CHELLI counts heads and goes up to Serling.
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: All present and accounted for,
dialog: sir.
text: Serling faces the men as they settle into their seats.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I'm trying to confirm the sequence
dialog: of events that occurred at or around
dialog: Al Kufan on 26 February 1991. How
dialog: did you men come to be on the
dialog: Blackhawk designated Dust Off Two
dialog: piloted by Warrant officer Fowler?
dialog: Was it a combat Medevac?
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: No. Sir.
dialog: Traffic accident.
speaker_heading: EGAN
dialog: Damn Saudi drivers, sir. Thought
text: they were driving cabs in New York.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Most of them are.
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: We'd have a convoy of thirty trucks
dialog: or more and they'd decide to pass.
speaker_heading: EGAN
dialog: And another Kamikazi Saudi would
dialog: be coming the other way.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: They couldn't go to the shoulder --
dialog: minefields. They'd...
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: We were heading along the north
dialog: end of Iraq to set up a fueling
dialog: depot for the 24th, part of
text: Schwartzkopf's "Hail Mary". Some
text: mad Saudi in a deuce-and-a-half
text: goes to pass the convoy and suddenly
dialog: there's another convoy coming the
dialog: other way.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 9.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD, DAY
text: A long column of trucks roll down a narrow road. Smoke from
text: Kuwait wafts over the endless sand. In the back of one five-
text: ton truck 2nd Lt. Chelli and his men, plus ten more, sit,
text: bored, smoking and joking.
text: A Saudi driver in a big pale blue piece of shit truck thunders
text: down the road passing the Army convoy, oblivious to the
text: danger, bouncing his head to some Paul Revere and the Raiders
text: music. Then he sees the other convoy. He looks for a gap
text: in the traffic alongside of him. None. He slams on the
text: brakes! The truck goes into a skid. It fishtails, ramming
text: Chelli's truck. The trucks hurtle off the road. Both hit
text: mines on the shoulder. The Saudi truck blows up. The big
text: five-ton flips onto its side and skids for yards, plowing up
text: sand. Another mine goes off. The truck stops. The
text: passengers litter the sand, wounded -- moaning, screaming,
text: bleeding or very still.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS, DAY
scene_heading: LT. CHELLT
dialog: We had fifteen injured. Mostly
text: broken bones, contusions.
speaker_heading: EGAN
text: A few burns. The Saudi truck blew
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
text: Mines were going off like popcorn,
text: but no shrapnel wounds.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
text: The Saudi truck burned. The driver
dialog: was a crispy critter.
speaker_heading: EGAN
text: His cargo was all over the road.
dialog: Pampers and shower shoes -- flip
dialog: flops, you know.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: Here we are running around scared
dialog: shitless of poison gas, and Scuds
dialog: and the damn Republican Guard and
dialog: we get taken out by some Saudi
text: speed merchant with a truck load
text: of flip flops.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 10.
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: The Medevac, Warrant officer
dialog: Fowler's bird, picked us up and
text: headed south to some MASH unit.
dialog: Nothing happened on the trip. It
dialog: was pretty routine.
speaker_heading: EGAN
dialog: Until we were shot down.
dialog: That statement takes the wind out of everybody.
scene_heading: INT. BLACKHAWK, DAY
text: The Blackhawk flies low along the east side of the Euphrates
text: River. Mountains on both sides. Inside are Lt. Chelli and
text: his men, bandaged and bloodied but conscious.
speaker_heading: SERLING (V.0.)
dialog: Altitude?
speaker_heading: LT. CHELLI (V.0.)
text: Low, fifty to a hundred feet off
dialog: the floor.
text: The chopper shudders. A huge impact. Then it begins to
text: fall. Shouting, screaming. The chopper hits the ground
text: hard. The impact splays the skids. Men fall out the doors.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS, DAY
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Do you know what brought you down?
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: No. Triple A, a missile, TOW?
dialog: Couldn't tell. One moment we were
dialog: up -- the next we were eating sand.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: When did you see the enemy?
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: Egan thought he saw some enemy
dialog: movement before we got hit.
speaker_heading: EGAN
dialog: Just some figures below. Could
dialog: have been Bedouins, hard to tell.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: I thought I saw a flash.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 11.
speaker_heading: SERLING
text: Firearms.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
text: Small arms. Maybe.
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: I didn't see anything.
speaker_heading: SERLING
text: The pilot and co-pilot were killed
dialog: on impact?
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: Yes. The medic, Balkum? Balkum,
dialog: confirmed this. The Blackhawk
text: nosed into the mountain. The Medic
dialog: and Crew Chief started giving aid
dialog: to the new injuries. We lost two
text: immediately, Feretic, and Brady.
dialog: Another, Rizza, died a few minutes
dialog: later. My Platoon Sergeant.
speaker_heading: EGAN
text: The Crew Chief tried to get out an
text: SOS. The pilot didn't have time...
dialog: He wasn't able to raise anyone,
text: the radio was wasted in the crash.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: How long before you saw the enemy?
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
text: About an hour - a little more.
text: Ground troops. They came over the
dialog: ridge to the northwest of us.
dialog: They fired on us.
speaker_heading: EGAN
dialog: All we had was the Crew Chief's M-
dialog: 16 and four nine mills, the chopper
text: crew's side arms.
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: They stripped us of our weapons on
dialog: the Medevac. Procedure. The Crew
text: Chief returned fire with his 16.
dialog: We were downslope.
speaker_heading: EGAN
text: Sitting ducks.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 12.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: But the Crew Chief kept the enemy
dialog: to the ridge. Until 1600 hours
dialog: » around there.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: When he was hit.
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
text: Yes. He was on his last magazine.
dialog: The nine mills didn't have the
text: range. Rounds fell short.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Any of the enemy fire prove to be
dialog: effective?
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
text: Monaco took two in the chest. He
dialog: died during the night. Lem, Fistch
dialog: were wounded. Cherensky, no he
dialog: was later.
speaker_heading: EGAN
dialog: And you, sir.
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: Yes. I took a round in the leg.
dialog: And the medic had a bullet part
text: his hair. A lot of blood but he
dialog: was still working.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: The chopper provided us no cover.
text: Bullets went through it like
dialog: cardboard.
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: We were in a world of hurt, sir.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Did you discuss surrendering?
text: Lt. Chelli looks at the others.
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: Yes, sir. We were all wounded in
dialog: one way or another. It was
dialog: discussed. But we figured we'd
dialog: hold 'em off as long as possible
dialog: in case a rescue came. It was a
dialog: . difficult and protracted debate,
dialog: sir.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 13.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I suspect so.
speaker_heading: EGAN
dialog: We weren't trained for that kinda
dialog: shit.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
text: Then the tank appeared.
scene_heading: INT. BLACKHAWK, DAY
text: The men in the crashed chopper are in rough shape. Battered,
text: bloody, the dead covered with a poncho that flaps in the
dialog: wind.
text: SWOCK! Gunfire and another hole in the fuselage. The body
text: of the chopper looks like Swiss cheese.
speaker_heading: EGAN (V.0.)
dialog: We'd been there a few hours. Our
dialog: shit was pretty flaky by then.
text: The Medic, head bandaged, returns fire sparingly. Thena
text: noise. Everyone listens, even the most gravely wounded.
text: They all try to see. Over the river, up the slope and across
text: the ridge. The sound comes from there. And over the crest
text: of the ridge appears a tank. A Russian T-55. It pauses at
text: the ridge. Then with a clatter and roar, comes up over the
text: ridge and to the down slope. It stops. Then the turret
text: swivels. Until the gun-points at the helicopter.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON (V.0.)
dialog: It's a very strange feeling to be
text: sitting there and watch a big gun
dialog: like that make adjustments to blow
dialog: you away.
text: And the gun does that, with whirrs and cranks. A little
text: elevation. A little windage. Then ... BOOM! The gun fires.
text: The tank jerks back. The tail section of the helicopter
text: disintegrates! There is a huge cloud of dust in front of
text: the tank, thrown up by the concussion. With little wind it
text: just hangs there, dissipating slowly.
speaker_heading: JR. CHELLI (V.0.)
dialog: All we could do was wait until the
text: dust settled so they could see to
dialog: adjust. That's when, as ranking
dialog: officer, I made my decision.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 14.
text: The Lieutenant steps out of the helicopter, waving his white
text: handkerchief. He takes a couple of steps toward the tank.
speaker_heading: LT. CHELLI (V.0.)
dialog: I figured we'd held out as long as
dialog: we could and that the lives of the
dialog: men on board...
speaker_heading: SERLING (V.0.)
dialog: You don't have to make excuses for
dialog: your actions to me, Lieutenant.
speaker_heading: LT. CHELLI (V.0.)
dialog: I know, sir, I know. It's just...
dialog: Well, it didn't make any difference.
text: The cloud of dust finally settles in front of the tank.
text: They can see Chelli and the white flag of surrender. And
text: the tank machine gun cuts loose. The Lieutenant is hit in
text: his good leg. He goes down.
text: Two men, wounded themselves, run and haul him back to the
text: chopper. The tank's big gun begins to move again in small
text: increments.
speaker_heading: EGAN (V.0.)
dialog: We were just target practice for
dialog: their big gun.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON (V.0.)
text: A turkey shoot.
text: It fires! BOOM! This one misses - too far off the nose of
text: the chopper.
speaker_heading: LT. CHELLI (V.0.)
dialog: Now they had us bracketed. All
dialog: they had to do was adjust for
dialog: somewhere in the middle and we
dialog: were dead meat.
text: The Medic fires at the tank with the M-16. The rounds just
text: bounce off. Lt. Chelli stops him and looks up at the sky.
speaker_heading: LT. CHELLI (V.0.)
dialog: And then we heard it.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON (V.0.)
dialog: There's something about an inbound
dialog: Huey...
text: And suddenly up the river comes an American Huey helicopter.
text: The unmistakable red cross of Medevac on its side.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 15.
text: It buzzes by the downed Blackhawk and tank then does a steep
text: U-turn and comes back.
speaker_heading: SERLING (V.0.)
dialog: Did it take any ground fire?
speaker_heading: EGAN (V.0.)
text: Right off the bat.
speaker_heading: JENKINS (V.0O.)
text: Instantly, every rag head ground
dialog: pounder wanted a piece of that
dialog: bird.
text: The enemy troops fire at the chopper, but the only real
text: indication are the tracers arcing through the sky.
speaker_heading: LT. CHELLI (V.0.)
dialog: When the Huey cans back this time
text: it returned fire. Someone with a
dialog: 240.
speaker_heading: EGAN (V.0.)
dialog: That Monfriez guy.
speaker_heading: LT. CHELLI (V.0.)
dialog: We didn't know at the time but..
dialog: yes, SP/5 Monfriez. The ground
text: troops went for cover.
text: The men in the Blackhawk cheer. Elation takes them past the
dialog: pain of their wounds.
text: BOOM! The tank fires again. The men in the Blackhawk are
text: blown to bits.
speaker_heading: LT. CHELLI (V.0.)
dialog: That round killed the Medic, Raleno,
dialog: Cerspach... Egan lost his legs....
text: Chaos. Men dying, bleeding, screaming - praying.
speaker_heading: LT. CHELLI (V.0.)
dialog: We tended the wounded as best we
dialog: could.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON (V.0.)
dialog: And waited for the next round to
dialog: hit.
speaker_heading: SERLING (V.0.)
dialog: What was the Huey doing at this
dialog: time?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 16.
speaker_heading: EGAN (V.0.)
text: It circled back to go over the
text: tank again.
speaker_heading: JENKINS (V.0.)
text: Then they threw something overboard
text: at the tank.
text: The Huey banks and over the tank, a dark square object
text: plummets out the open door and lands a few yards away. The
text: Huey bucks and turns. One of the wounded men directs the
text: Lieutenant's attention to the chopper.
speaker_heading: SERLING (V.0.)
dialog: Threw or it fell off?
speaker_heading: LT. CHELLI (V.0.)
dialog: Couldn't tell the first time. But
text: the chopper banked and we could
text: see the Crew Chief unstrapping
text: something from the other side.
speaker_heading: EGAN
text: The fuel pod. He was unhooking it.
dialog: I knew. I used to work choppers at
dialog: Fort Campbell.
speaker_heading: LT. CHELLI (V.0.)
text: They were still taking ground fire.
text: We could see where the tank's big
text: machine gun was making hits. But
dialog: the Huey banked again and this
text: time the fuel pod hit.
speaker_heading: EGAN
text: Dead hit. It burst like a water
dialog: balloon.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON (V.0.)
text: JP8 - air fuel all over the tank.
speaker_heading: LT. CHELLI (V.0.)
text: Then someone in the Huey fired a
text: flare at the tank. And it blew.
text: The tank is drenched in gas. The tank commander, sitting
text: half in, half out of the turret is yelling commands when he
text: realizes what is going on.
text: He tries to bail. Too late. The tank erupts in flames.
text: The ground troops run away from the burning tank.
text: KA-BOOM! Something goes off inside the tank. Then another
text: explosion, and another. The ammo inside cooks and blows.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 17.
text: The tank disintegrates. Inside the crashed Blackhawk, the
text: men cheer.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS, DAY
text: The men relive that moment with smiles and laughs.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Did you see what knocked the Huey
dialog: down?
text: The mood darkens.
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: No.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER, DAY
text: Inside the Blackhawk the mood darkens as they see the Huey.
speaker_heading: LT. CHELLI (V.0.)
dialog: We were yelling and screaming so
dialog: much we didn't notice the Huey was
dialog: even hit.
speaker_heading: JENKINS (V.0.)
dialog: We just saw it spiral down and
dialog: crash.
speaker_heading: EGAN (V.0.)
text: It landed between the tank and us,
text: on a little piece of high ground.
speaker_heading: SERLING (V.0.)
dialog: How far away?
speaker_heading: LT. CHELLI (V.0.)
text: Five hundred meters.
text: The Huey loses altitude fast, the tail rotor dead. It
dialog: crashes.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON (V.0.)
dialog: She hit hard.
speaker_heading: JENKINS (V.0O.)
dialog: Real hard. Surprised anyone
dialog: survived.
text: It takes a lot of time for the dust to settle.
dialog: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org
speaker_heading: SERLING (V.0.)
dialog: Did the Huey at any time climb to
dialog: an altitude to radio in a position?
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS, DAY
scene_heading: LT. CHELLT
dialog: They didn't have a chance. They
dialog: were taking fire all the time.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: They could have climbed to escape
dialog: the fire.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Roger that, sir, and left us to
dialog: take the flak. As long as they
text: were firing at the Huey they weren't
dialog: shooting at us.
speaker_heading: SERLING
text: The sun set shortly after the Huey
dialog: crashed. Was there any more ground
dialog: fire?
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
text: The tank was incapacitated -- but
dialog: we caught sporadic ground fire
text: through the night. The Huey took
dialog: most of it. It was between us and
dialog: the enemy so...
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You had no communications with the
dialog: Huey?
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: No. As I said our radio was wasted.
dialog: We tried shouting at it, but that
dialog: just drew enemy fire, so we
dialog: stopped.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: So you spent the night waiting?
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: Longest night I ever spent...
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: Monaco died during the night. It
dialog: was cold.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 18.
dialog: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org
speaker_heading: LT. CHELLI (CONT'D)
dialog: But... We heard voices from the
text: Huey a couple of times, small arms
text: fire between it and the ridge.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Could you see into the Huey? Were
dialog: you able to discern what was
dialog: happening there?
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
text: No. Some rocks hid the interior.
dialog: We couldn't see anything in daylight
dialog: and most of our time there it was
text: dark.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: And with dawn came a new attack?
scene_heading: LT. CHELLT
text: Not quite. The sun came up. We
dialog: were pretty ragged by then.
scene_heading: EXT. BLACKHAWK, MORNING
dialog: 19.
text: The sun comes up. Lt. Chelli, weary to the bone, and a few
text: men look up at the sky, at the ridge. On the ridge -- enemy
text: activity, heads popping up, guns laid on the ridge.
speaker_heading: LT.,CHELLI (V.0.)
dialog: On the ridge we saw forty, maybe
text: fifty enemy. They began firing at
text: the Huey mainly and moving toward
text: it under the cover fire. The Huey
text: returned fire.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON (V.0.)
text: 240 and M-16, maybe Beretta.
speaker_heading: EGAN (V. 0.)
dialog: Then we heard the rescue team
dialog: coming.
speaker_heading: JENKINS (V.0O.)
text: A Huey, A Blackhawk and a pair of
dialog: Cobras.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON (V.0.)
dialog: And a big ass F-14 Tomcat. You
dialog: never heard such a beautiful noise.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 20.
text: The aircraft zoom overhead. Awesome, beautiful sights. The
text: men on the downed Blackhawk cheer with what little strength
dialog: they have.
text: The Cobras strafe the ridge line. The Blackhawk and Huey
text: land between the two downed aircraft.
text: The wounded are loaded into the Blackhawk. Three men run
text: out of the crashed Huey and into the new one.
text: There is gunfire everywhere.
speaker_heading: LT. CHELLI (V.0.)
text: All the wounded were loaded aboard.
dialog: The dead were left behind. We
dialog: were taking fire at the time. One
dialog: of the Blackhawk medics was hit, I
dialog: think.
speaker_heading: SERLING (V.0.)
dialog: Again, I'm not criticizing,
dialog: Lieutenant, but why were the dead
dialog: left behind?
speaker_heading: LT. CHELLI (V.0.)
dialog: When we got aboard the Blackhawk
dialog: that was when we saw the enemy on
text: the other ridge. They'd flanked
dialog: us in the night. It was a hot LZ,
dialog: all right. The decision was made
text: to leave the dead. By the commander
dialog: of the rescue, I think.
text: The wounded are loaded onto the Blackhawk and then both it
dialog: and the Huey rise.
speaker_heading: LT. CHELLI (V.0.)
dialog: The last thing we saw was the Tomcat
text: drop white phosphorus on the two
text: crashed choppers.
text: An awesome display of burning white fire explodes the two
text: choppers.
speaker_heading: LT. CHELLI (V.0.)
dialog: Then we were out of there.
text: The rescue choppers back away.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS, DAY
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: Thank the Lord.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 21.
dialog: There are
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: Colonel, this isn't just some
dialog: Lessons Learned or post-action
dialog: analysis, is it?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: No. Captain Walden has been
dialog: recommended for the Medal of Honor.
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: Well, I don't know if it was Captain
dialog: Walden or whoever -- but that Huey
dialog: and her crew saved our lives.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: I wouldn't be here today. I know
dialog: that.
speaker_heading: EGAN
dialog: We all thought we were dead.
speaker_heading: JENKINS
dialog: That Huey could have climbed and
text: just radioed in a location.
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: And by the time someone would have
dialog: gotten to us we would have been
dialog: dead.
speaker_heading: THOMPSON
dialog: The Medal of Honor is not enough
dialog: for what they did.
speaker_heading: EGAN
dialog: They ought to give it to every
dialog: soldier on that Huey.
text: sounds of affirmation from the rest of the men.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Thanks for your help, gentlemen.
dialog: You're excused.
text: They all rise and go back to conversing among themselves,
text: making plans for the reunion dinner that night. Serling
dialog: heads for
text: the door. Lieutenant Chelli stops him.
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: Sir? You have a minute, Colonel?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Sure, Lieutenant.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 22.
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: Sir, you had a remarkable career --
dialog: before the incident at Al Bathra.
dialog: I was wondering if perhaps you
dialog: could give me a few hints in
dialog: reference to getting on the fast
dialog: track, like you.
text: Lt. Chelli carries a large manila envelope and worries it
text: between his fingers.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I wouldn't really know how to advise
dialog: you on...
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: I mean, they say, sir, that if it
dialog: hadn't been for the incident at Al
dialog: Bathra you'd be a General now.
dialog: I'm a full-tilt career ring-knocker,
dialog: sir, and I plan on being the
dialog: youngest General in Army history.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Well, I don't know about any Army
dialog: fast track, Lieutenant. I know
dialog: it's hard work and a little luck...
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: Sure, sure. Well if I can find me
dialog: a Rabbi like you got in General
dialog: Hershberg...
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: General Hershberg and I never met
dialog: before Desert Storm. I'd hardly
dialog: call him my Rabbi.
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: But you're on his staff. He saved
dialog: you from a Court Martial.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Where'd you hear that?
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: Scuttlebutt, sir...
dialog: Chelli knows he's fucked up.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Hershberg, didn't do me any favors.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 23.
speaker_heading: SERLING (CONT'D)
dialog: Good luck on your career,
dialog: Lieutenant. Fast track or not.
dialog: When you make General I'll send
dialog: you a bottle.
text: He starts away. Chelli is disappointed, then remembers. He
text: catches up to Serling.
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: Sir, I forgot. I wanted to give
dialog: you this.
text: He hands Serling the envelope.
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: It's an article I wrote for Military
dialog: Review. It's an operational
dialog: assessment of the battle of Al
dialog: Bathra. In it I propose three
dialog: operational alternatives to your
dialog: the decision you made.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Only three?
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: I thought you might like to read
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: No. Thank you.
text: Serling tries to give it back to the Lieutenant
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: I'm not being critical, sir.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: No?
scene_heading: LT. CHELLI
dialog: You don't want to read it, sir?
dialog: I'm sure you've gone over the
dialog: incident many times. There might
dialog: be a solution here that you didn't
dialog: think of.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I doubt it. I doubt it very much.
text: He gives the envelope back and walks away.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 24.
scene_heading: INT. ENLISTED MENS' CLUB, DAY
text: A nightclub -- but spotless, immaculate. The bar is pristine --
text: all the bottles lined up, the glasses stacked precisely.
text: One employee is painting dots on the floor for the table
text: legs. To make sure all the tables line up properly, a string
text: has been tacked to the floor.
text: Sitting in a chair in front of the bandstand is a man in his
text: late 40's, wearing black pants and a khaki shirt -- civilian
dialog: clothes, but he probably would make anything he wears look
text: like a uniform. TOP SIDARIS. He sits, arms folded, listening
text: to a young band, long hair, Salvation Army clothes, flail
text: away at a Seattle grunge imitation. Well, Top doesn't so
dialog: much listen as tolerate.
text: Serling walks through the front door, blinks in the darkness
text: and focuses on Top.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: That's enough! That's enough!
dialog: Cease! CEASE MUSIC!!!
text: The band stops.
speaker_heading: LEAD SINGER
dialog: You want to hear another song?
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: No. That's enough. I tell you,
dialog: my ears are bleeding.
speaker_heading: BASS PLAYER
dialog: But you didn't give us a chance.
dialog: We didn't got to finish the first
dialog: song.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: Don't get you shorts in a bind,
dialog: son. You're hired. I don't know
dialog: if you're any good, but you make
dialog: enough noise and that's all that
dialog: counts with this crowd.
speaker_heading: DRUMMER
dialog: Hired? Cool.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: On one condition. You play at
text: least one song that's on my jukebox.
dialog: Deal?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 25.
text: The band members look at each other, confer, and head for
text: the jukebox.
dialog: Top turns
dialog: corner in
dialog: Top turns
text: away from them and heads for a table in a back
text: the dark.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Hey, Top, need someone to wash
dialog: glasses?
text: and sees Serling.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: Major! Oh, it's Colonel now.
dialog: Sorry, sir. What are you doing
dialog: here, sir? Transferred out of
text: that paper-pushing quagmire to a
dialog: real Army posting?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: No, T.D.Y. Just doing a little leg
dialog: work for General Hershberg.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: Come over here to my office, sort
dialog: of
text: He leads Serling to the corner table. One of the band members
text: turns from the jukebox.
speaker_heading: GUITARIST
dialog: Hey, Mister.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: First Sergeant or Top will do.
speaker_heading: GUITARIST
dialog: There's not a song on here after
dialog: 1980.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: '75. You backing out of the deal?
speaker_heading: GUITARIST
dialog: No, sir.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: Top. I'm not a sir, I work for a
dialog: living. No offense, Colonel.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: None taken. Can a fella get a
dialog: drink in this joint? I'll buy you
dialog: one.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 26.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: A little early for me, sir.
text: He heads to the bar, glances at the band members arguing at
text: the jukebox.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: I don't understand this Seattle
text: grunge sound. Goes right by me.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: That's probably the point. Bourbon.
dialog: Neat.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: So how's D.C.? Forget D.C., we
dialog: all know how D.C. is every time we
dialog: tune in to CNN. Fuck D.C. How's
dialog: the family?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: The same. I see you caught yourself
dialog: a nice featherbed here.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: Well, hell, I retired and this
dialog: thing came up. It's not too bad.
dialog: The beer's cheap and it gives me
dialog: time to spend with my grandkids.
dialog: My son is a WO3 now.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Good for him. Sorry to see you,
dialog: leave the Army, Top. Always thought
dialog: you'd go for Sergeant Major. It
dialog: wasn't because of Al Bathra was
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: Naw. Sergeant Major was never for
dialog: me. Too much politics. I always
dialog: said I'd get out if I ever hada
text: chance at one last good fight.
dialog: Desert Storm was that for me.
dialog: After all those ... mean years and
dialog: . well, I went out happy and
dialog: proud. Muller!
text: An employee runs over, snapping to attention
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 27.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: Is that a bottle of Johnny Walker
dialog: next to the Bushmills? What are
dialog: the standing orders for bottles
dialog: behind the bar?
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: Alphabetical order, Top, but I
dialog: thought, maybe since I get more
dialog: orders for the JW I'd move it where
dialog: it was handier.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: And how am I going to do my
text: inventory with any expedience.
dialog: And all the Johnny Walkers go in
dialog: the "Ws'" not the "Js'". Black
dialog: then Red.
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: You know, Top, I could do the
dialog: inventory for you.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: It's my responsibility. I'll do
dialog: the inventory.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: But I'll take a hit off that Johnny
dialog: Walker before you move it.
text: Top pours the drink. Muller fixes the bottles.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: He's right, though. Alphabetical
dialog: looks ... unorderly. Maybe the
dialog: bottles should be arranged by
text: height, tall to short.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You heard anything from Patella?
speaker_heading: TOP
text: He left the Army. Settled in
dialog: Florida.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: A good man.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: He was one of the best gunners I
dialog: ever saw. It's too bad what he's
dialog: done to himself.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 28.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: What's that?
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: Last time I saw him he was climbing
text: into the bottle so far he could
text: pull the cork after him.
text: He looks pointedly at Serling's drink. Serling can't face
text: Top. The band members come over.
speaker_heading: LEAD SINGER
dialog: We found a Sly and the Family Stone
dialog: song we can cover.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: Good. Now one other thing. See
dialog: this here VU meter.
text: He points to the one on the wall behind the bar.
speaker_heading: TOP
text: It goes in the red and I pull the
dialog: plug. Like this.
text: He flicks a switch on the bar. The stage lights go dark
text: the power for the amps and mikes goes out with a pop.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: And I got to recognize the jukebox
dialog: song. Don't try to get away with
dialog: any kind of musical camouflage.
dialog: See you tonight. Nineteen hundred
dialog: hours. Be on time or I dock your
dialog: skinny little asses.
text: The band moves away, not quite sure what they've gotten
dialog: themselves into.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: That's showbiz.
text: He watches as Serling pulls himself a refill.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Maybe I should visit Patella.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: Maybe there's room in that bottle
dialog: for both of you.
text: Serling looks at Top -- shocked, embarrassed.
dialog: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: Let me be blunt, sir, if I may.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You may, not that you ever needed
dialog: permission.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: I mean blunt, sir. Now I'm retired
dialog: I seem to have this fuck you
dialog: attitude that goes with old men
text: and young studs.
text: He looks directly at Serling.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: You fucked up, sir. You made a
dialog: command decision in a combat
dialog: environment under hostile fire --
dialog: and you were wrong. That's the
dialog: chance you take when you make
dialog: decisions. Nobody's perfect --
dialog: not even the sainted General
dialog: Hershberg. You make decisions and
dialog: you hope you're right more than
dialog: you're wrong. Just like any other
dialog: job. Except when a combat officer
dialog: fucks up -- people get killed.
dialog: It's a war, sir. People get killed.
dialog: I repeat for the particularly dense.
dialog: You are going to make mistakes.
dialog: Some people will die. Don't make
dialog: the same mistake twice. And drive
dialog: on. You're a good officer, sir,
dialog: the best combat officer I've seen
dialog: in almost thirty years. You belong
dialog: with the troops. (Continuing) Get
text: out of babble-land and back in the
dialog: field. Get past this. Now I need
text: a drink.
dialog: 29.
text: He grabs Serling's glass and empties it. The doors open and
text: the enlisted men start to pour in. Among them are Lieutenant
text: Chelli and the survivors of the Blackhawk.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: I'm getting too salty in my old
dialog: age. Stick around, sir. We'll
dialog: talk about the good times. Shoot
dialog: the shit. Smoke and joke.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I have to get down to Benning in
text: the morning. Early.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 30.
text: He watches Lt. Chelli and the gang. Full of camaraderie and
dialog: good spirits.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Thanks for the advice, Top, but
dialog: you said it all before.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: If you do see Patella have him
dialog: call me.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I will. Here, buy that table a
dialog: round on me.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: Who are they?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Heroes. Real heroes.
text: And he leaves. Top takes the preferred money and looks at
text: Chelli's table, then back at Serling, who is out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. FORT BRAGG, DUSK
text: Serling walks. A formation runs by calling cadence.
speaker_heading: FORMATION
dialog: If I die in a combat zone, box me
dialog: up and send me home. Put my medals
dialog: on my chest, tell my mom I did my
dialog: best.
text: The flag is lowered. Serling watches. He walks by an old
text: tank mounted on a concrete block. An old tank, WWII, welded
text: shut, a frozen monument. To what? Serling doesn't know.
scene_heading: INT. BOQ, NIGHT
text: Serling enters the Bachelor officers Quarters. He is tired,
text: not physically, just drained. He gets to his room, opens
text: the door. It sticks. There is a manila envelope wedged
text: between the door and the floor. Serling pulls it out.
text: Chelli's article. Serling tosses it on the bed with a wry
dialog: smile.
text: He goes to his briefcase and pulls out an airline bottle of
text: booze. He opens it, realizes what he is doing, and
text: determinedly screws the cap back on. Then sits on the bed,
text: more tired then ever. He is sitting on Chelli's envelope.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 31.
text: Yanking it out from under his butt, he looks at it a moment,
text: then opens the clasp. He starts reading.
text: Outside, an Armored Personnel Carrier rolls by, that clanking
text: roar all too familiar to Serling.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT, NIGHT
text: The vague, black outline of a rolling monster in a dark desert
dialog: landscape.
text: BOOM! That vehicle blows up. In the fire and flame it
text: becomes an Arab M110 tank.
text: BOOM! Secondary explosions tear off the turret. An American
text: tank, M1A1 Abrams, rolls by the burning vehicle. Serling, a
text: Major, is half-in-half-out of the Abrams, on the radio. The
text: desert is full of tanks, on line, Americans rolling across
text: the battlefield, leaving burning enemy tanks behind them
text: like rows of giant smoke pots on a barren field. Fifty meters
text: behind the tanks -- a line of M2/M3 Bradley fighting vehicles,
text: smaller cannons, ungainly-things.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Enemy tank at twelve o'clock!
dialog: "Gunner!
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Target!
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Sabot!
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Up!
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Fire!
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: On the way!
speaker_heading: BOOMI
text: The tank's big gun fires. Up ahead
text: a tank blows! Serling looks down
text: at Patella, a fresh-faced kid with
text: the sorry beginnings of a mustache.
text: Patella beams.
speaker_heading: SERLING
text: Good shooting, Patella.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 32.
text: Serling's tank rolls past this new victim. It burns, a dead
text: man sprawled across the track. The sand next to the burning
text: tank stirs, shifts. And then, from the sand like giant beasts
text: rising from the bowels of the earth, four tanks emerge. T-
text: 55's, Russian made. Big, ugly, mean looking chunks of steel.
text: The one Serling passed swivels its turret until its big gun
text: is aimed at the backs of the Americans.
text: They fire! The huge guns belch a column of flame at the
text: Americans. Serling is riding along, calling out orders,
dialog: keeping his company in line when...
text: The Abrams to his left blows up!
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Holy shit! Where did that come
dialog: from?!! Black Four! Black Four!
dialog: This is Black Six! Red Three was
dialog: just taken out! Anybody see the
dialog: shooter?!!
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: I didn't see anything fire!
text: Patella scans the desert. Serling, peering through his night
text: vision goggles, looks right, left then behind him --just in
text: time to see a burst of flame from the muzzle of an Arab tank.
text: The Abrams to his right is hit. It smokes and one tread
text: flies off. The crippled tank spins in a circle.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Turn about! Turn about! who's
dialog: that firing?!! Our Bradleys?!
dialog: Black Four, this is Black six,
dialog: Over.
speaker_heading: TOP
speaker_heading: (V.0. filtered)
dialog: Black Six, this is Black Four.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Black Four, get on the horn to Red
dialog: Three, find out if our Bradleys
dialog: are firing at us. Over. Patella?
dialog: What do you see?
speaker_heading: PAITELLA
dialog: Hard to make out, sir.
text: Patella's staring at his night vision scope. Boom! A vehicle
text: spews out a ball of flame behind them.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 33.
speaker_heading: BOOMI
text: The sand explodes a few meters
dialog: from Serling's tank! Serling ducks
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: TOP
speaker_heading: (V.0. filtered)
dialog: Black Six, this is Black Four!
dialog: Red Three says he has enemy tanks
dialog: in his lines. I say again - enemy
dialog: tanks in our Red lines. Over!
text: Boom! A round glances off Serling's tank! Serling is shaken,
text: sweating, scared.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Patella! Find me target!
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Got one, sir! I think.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: "I think"! Do you or do you not
dialog: have a target, Patella?
text: On the Bradley line a Bradley aims it's 25mm at one of the T-
dialog: 55's and fires! No effect.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Got one, sir! He just fired!
text: Through his green night vision it is hard to tell the Bradley
dialog: from the T-55.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Sabot!
text: There is gunfire all round him - a tank battle!
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Up!
text: Serling peers through the goggles. Machine gun fire glances
text: off his tank. He ducks.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Sir? Round up!
text: Serling sees the Abrams to his side take another round.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Sir?!
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 34.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Fire!
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: On the way! The Abrams' big gun
text: bellows. The blast kicks up a
text: cloud of dust and sand in front of
text: it. They wait.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: Black six, this is Black Four. We
dialog: just lost Red Three.
text: Across the desert one of the Bradleys is a flaming wreck.
text: The dust begins to settle.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Target!
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Got one, sir!
text: Serling looks through his night vision at the burning vehicle.
dialog: Does he recognize it?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Oh, God... Boylar...
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Target, sir!
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Patella, are you sure we aren't
dialog: firing at our own Bradleys?
speaker_heading: PATELLX
dialog: They fired, sir!
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: At us or at the T-55's?
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: At ... oh, God.
text: Boom! A round lands near Serling! The tank shudders.
speaker_heading: LOADER
dialog: Sir! We're taking fire!
text: Serling looks through his night vision.
speaker_heading: LOADER
dialog: Sir!
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 35.
text: Everyone waits for the next round to come.
speaker_heading: DRIVER
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: Sir?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Black Four, this is Black Six.
dialog: Order all Bradleys to turn .ninety
dialog: degrees and stop. Ninety and stop.
dialog: Over.
speaker_heading: TOP
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: Ninety and stop. Roger. Out.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Patella! Target?
text: The Bradleys all turn sideways to Serling's tank.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Tank, sir!
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Front on? Or side on?
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Front on.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Sabot!
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Up!
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Fire!
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: On the way!
text: BOOM! A T-55 explodes. Another! Then another as the other
text: tanks follow Serling's example.
dialog: 
dialog: 
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: We got ‘em, sir!
text: There is a lot of cheering on the radio traffic. But Serling
text: is oblivious. He stares through the dust, waiting for it to
text: settle again. To focus on the burning Bradley.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 36.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Newton, let's go check out our
dialog: first hit.
text: The driver turns the tank around and they head back. Serling
text: takes off his night goggles. The burning vehicle comes into
text: view. Serling stares at it. A star becomes visible on the
text: charred side. A limp arm hangs out of the hatch. Serling's
text: tank stops.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Oh shit ... oh shit, oh shit, oh
dialog: shit, oh shit...
text: A constant, tragic litany as he stares at the ruined Bradley,
text: now plainly visible. Serling just shakes his head, tears in
text: his eyes.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Boylar...
scene_heading: INT. BOQ, NIGHT
text: Serling stares at the page of Chelli's article, but he doesn't
text: see it anymore. Finally he tosses it aside. Grabs the little
text: bottle of booze and drains it. He tosses away the bottle in
dialog: disgust.
scene_heading: EXT. FORT BENNING, DAY
text: Fort Benning, Georgia. Serling drives through the gates.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFIELD, DAY
text: Big C-130 Hercules lumber down the runway and then, impossibly
text: take to the air. Serling rides in a Humvee across the
text: airfield, past a group of soldiers in parachutes waiting on
text: the tarmac.
text: The Humvee stops in front of the 264th Medical Company - Air
text: Ambulance. There are a Huey and a Blackhawk helicopter on
text: pads out front, more in the nearby hangar.
text: Serling enters the Company HQ, a quonset hut.
scene_heading: INT. HQ, MORNING
text: There is a SP/5 behind a desk.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 37.
speaker_heading: SERLING
text: Looking for major Teegarden.
speaker_heading: SP/ 5
dialog: In the back, sir.
text: He gestures. Serling goes into the back. MAJOR TEEGARDEN
text: is playing a Gameboy with CAPTAIN COUSINS.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Major Teegarden, Nat Serling. I'm
dialog: doing the follow through on your
dialog: Medal of Honor recommendation for
dialog: Captain Walden.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: Really? About time. Gladtomeetcha.
dialog: This is Captain Cousins. What
dialog: took you so long?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I work at the Pentagon.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: "Nuff said. Coke? Coffee?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Coffee'd be nice. Black. Can you
dialog: break down the events of 26, 27
dialog: February, '91 for me?
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: Sure thing. I'm on call if that's
dialog: okay. Let's see. I sent out Dust
dialog: Off Two, Warrant Officer Fowler,
text: at about 10:20 hours to evac the
dialog: troop from that vehicular accident.
dialog: We were getting ready to move
dialog: forward, provide support for
text: elements of the 82nd Airborne and
dialog: the 24th Mech.
speaker_heading: SERLING
text: A routine run.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: Well, kinda routine. We were in
dialog: Iraq by then. Captain Fowler
dialog: couldn't fly above 100 feet, that
dialog: was our ceiling. So the fly boys
dialog: could go low for their bombing
dialog: runs. Our radios lost contact
dialog: below 250, 300. So we were deaf.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 38.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN (CONT'D)
dialog: And there was the dust and then
text: the smoke from Kuwait, oil fields
dialog: burning. Visibility was nil. So
dialog: we were blind, too. And sand
dialog: everywhere.
speaker_heading: COUSINS
dialog: Sand storms, sand devils, sand
text: outs! Sand in the rotor, sand in
text: the fuel, sand in the intakes.
dialog: Sand in your eyes, sand in your
dialog: nose, your ears, your food, your
dialog: water, your mouth, up your ass, in
dialog: places you didn't know you had
dialog: places. I'm still finding sand
dialog: and I've been home for years.
dialog: Sorry.
text: He is embarrassed and goes back to his Gameboy.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: When did you realize Fowler's ship
dialog: might be in trouble?
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: Well, you sort of know how long a
dialog: mission takes, how long enroute,
dialog: the pick up, how long to the MASH,
dialog: how long to return. I give ‘em
dialog: some leeway. I gave Fowler almost
dialog: an hour. Then I called HQ. They
dialog: confirmed the pick up. Then I got
text: the MASH unit on the horn and found
dialog: out Fowler hadn't delivered. I
dialog: wasn't that worried. A sandstorm
dialog: could have put 'em down.
text: He looks at Cousins.
speaker_heading: COUSINS
dialog: Sometimes the visibility was so
dialog: bad you set down to wait it out.
dialog: They usually blew over.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: But I called Air Rescue anyway.
text: The SP/5 comes in.
speaker_heading: SP/5
dialog: Major, we have a possible heat
text: exhaustion on the small arms range.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 39.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: Dwayne, grab that for me.
text: Captain Cousins puts away his Cameboy and runs out. Through
text: the window Serling sees the crew join him at the Blackhawk.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: Heat stroke can roll out of heat
dialog: exhaustion. Heat stroke can kill.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: How did Captain Walden get involved
dialog: in the search?
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: She came to me.
text: The Blackhawk takes off outside. Teegarden watches it go.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: When she first came to the unit,
dialog: Walden rode co-pilot with Fowler
dialog: during her orientation. They were
dialog: friends. They'd traded envelopes.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Traded envelopes?
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: When we first got there, on the
dialog: way over actually, we each wrote a
dialog: letter to whoever ... in case we
dialog: didn't come back. We didn't know
dialog: what we were getting into. Saddam's
dialog: crack army, best in the world, in
dialog: continuous control for years. We
dialog: were ... green. So we wrote these
dialog: letters and traded them. You know,
dialog: in case anything happens to me
dialog: send this to my folks, my wife...
dialog: I actually found Captain Walden's
text: letter in Fowler's footlocker when
dialog: we packed his ... effects. I sent
dialog: it to her folks.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Captain Walden and Fowler were
dialog: close.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: No closer than anyone else. No
dialog: romance or anything, if that's
dialog: what you're implying.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 40.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I'm not implying anything..
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: We were all close. Just the few
dialog: of us, four choppers and their
dialog: crews. Most of the time we were
dialog: off by ourselves. We were
dialog: yeah, close.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I was in a tank unit in Desert
dialog: Storm. I know how close you get --
dialog: especially in combat. I'm sorry.
dialog: So Captain Walden approached you.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: We were all monitoring the rescue
dialog: channels. Captain Walden came to
dialog: me. Karen knew Fowler, knew his
dialog: flying habits, thought she could
text: retrace his route.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You agreed?
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: (angry) ;
dialog: Yes, we're Medevac. Rescue is our
dialog: business, too.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I'm not questioning your decision,
dialog: Major. So she went.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: Not right away. I made her wait
dialog: an hour in case Rescue came up
dialog: with something. Then I said okay.
dialog: I made her strap on the extra fuel
dialog: pods. She was not to attempt
dialog: evacuation. There were too many
dialog: on Fowler's Blackhawk for the Huey
dialog: anyway. Walden's mission was to
dialog: spot Dust Off Two, go for altitude
dialog: to call in the location, then render
dialog: what aid they could until the rescue
dialog: team arrived. Those were my orders.
text: SP/5 comes in.
speaker_heading: SP/5
dialog: Sir, Medevac at Saint Mare Elyse.
dialog: Bee sting.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 41.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: Roger. On it.
dialog: (to Serling)
dialog: I've got to take this.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Bee sting?
text: Teegarden starts out the door.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: For some people it could lead to
dialog: anaphylactic shock. Could be fatal.
dialog: Come along if you want.
scene_heading: EXT. PAD, DAY
text: Serling follows Teegarden out to the pad. The rest of the
text: crew and co-pilot meet him. This is a team. They've done
text: this thousands of times. Serling is seated in the back,
text: given a helmet, strapped in.
text: They take off. The dialogue throughout the flight is heard
text: over the intercom.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Did Captain Walden file a flight
dialog: plan?
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: Not as such, but we discussed her
dialog: route. She was going to follow
dialog: the Euphrates, along the Eastern
dialog: bank. Fowler used to say he flew
text: English style, on the wrong side
dialog: of the road. Some kind of silly
dialog: business to confuse the enemy. I
dialog: used to tell Fowler that personally
dialog: I thought he was confused but...
dialog: Finally I told Karen, Captain
dialog: Walden, she could fly.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Finally...?
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: Well, to tell the truth, I was
dialog: delaying her as much as I could
dialog: hoping that Rescue would come up
dialog: with something.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 42.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN (CONT'D)
dialog: I suppose that's why when Walden
dialog: went down it got dark before we...
dialog: But Walden was insistent, so I
dialog: said okay. Besides, I figured
dialog: there couldn't be any harm in having
text: another pair of eyes out there
text: looking for Fowler.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You feeling some reservations about
dialog: your decision?
text: Teegarden turns to look back at Serling. They are flying
text: over the base, Serling trying not to look down.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: What the hell does that have to do
dialog: with the action of Captain Walden
dialog: on 26 - 27 February '91?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: None. I just... Did you have any
dialog: contact with Captain Walden after
dialog: she left your base camp?
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: We lost contact after she was twenty
text: minutes out or so. She was keeping
dialog: low, like I said, our ceiling was
text: down to give the jets a lower
dialog: profile. She put down once because
dialog: a dust storm degraded visibility...
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You learned this on the radio?
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: No. That I learned after the
dialog: action.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Please stay with what you personally
dialog: witnessed. I'll be interviewing
dialog: the crew later. Why did you send
dialog: along Specialist Altameyer and the
dialog: machine gun? Isn't that unusual
dialog: for a Medevac?
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: Well... There'd been reports of
text: aircraft taking ground fire along
dialog: the Euphrates.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 43.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN (CONT'D)
dialog: Nothing of consequence. Could
dialog: have been some trigger happy
dialog: Bedouins, those people fire guns
text: in the air like kids wave at trains.
dialog: Plus, Walden's mission was not to
dialog: evacuate, but to locate and report.
text: There was an MP unit next door to
dialog: our base camp. Altameyer was always
text: hanging around the company area.
text: He had a hard-on for choppers.
speaker_heading: CREW CHIEF
dialog: Don't we all?
text: Teegarden smiles at his Crew Chief. They are over the area.
text: A ground soldier guides them in for the landing. The Medic
text: bails and runs to where a group of soldiers circle a prone
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: So the next time you heard anything
dialog: of Walden's situation...
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: It was a rough night. As soon as
dialog: the sun went down and neither
dialog: aircraft had returned... I don't
dialog: think anyone in the company got
text: any sleep. At first light, Division
dialog: Intelligence and Search and Rescue
dialog: reported they had satellite infrared
dialog: photos they thought might be our
text: two birds. We cranked up and went
dialog: in with the rescue party. I flew
dialog: one Huey, Captain Liebman our other
dialog: Blackhawk.
text: The Medic comes running to the Huey accompanying a litter.
text: The litter is put aboard.
text: Serling looks at the man on the litter. He is all puffed
text: up, red faced, gasping for air.
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: Let's get this one to the hospital,
text: stat. He's swelling like a blow
dialog: fish. I've poked him with some
dialog: epinephrine, but we gotta get him
text: some help before his throat swells
dialog: shut.
text: The chopper takes off.
dialog: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 44,
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: Roger.
text: He calls in to the hospital, briefing them on their patient.
text: The man on the litter starts pulling on Serling's arm ina
dialog: panic.
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: Hold him, sir. Hold him still.
text: Serling holds the man as the Medic cuts a slit in his throat.
speaker_heading: MEDIC
dialog: Sir, he's not getting any air.
dialog: I'm traching him.
text: The man struggles as the Medic tries to insert a tube through
text: his throat. Serling calms him.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You're going to be okay, troop.
dialog: Just relax. You're in the best of
dialog: hands. Just relax.
text: Finally the tube is in and the man is getting air. The
text: patient relaxes. Serling lets go of him and sits back down.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Uh ... where were we? What did
dialog: you see when you got to the crash
dialog: site?
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
text: Two wasted choppers. They were so
text: shot up they looked like termites
dialog: had been at fez. I was surprised
dialog: anyone was alive. They were
text: encircled by a hundred maybe more
text: of enemy troops moving in under
dialog: cover of fire. Oh, and a wasted
text: tank on the ridgeline.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You called in the Willy Peter
dialog: strike?
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: Yes. It was a hot LZ. We couldn't
dialog: stay to retrieve the bodies. When
dialog: Ilario, Walden's Crew Chief told
dialog: me that Captain Walden and her co-
dialog: pilot WO Rady were both dead
dialog: well, we all saw the footage on
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 45.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN (CONT'D)
dialog: CNN when they dragged our boys
dialog: through the streets of Baghdad. I
dialog: wasn't going to let that happen to
dialog: any of my people... especially a
dialog: woman. And don't think that's a
dialog: sexist remark. I knew these people.
dialog: I... cared about these... They
dialog: died... bravely. I wasn't going
dialog: to let anyone desecrate... So,
dialog: yes, I called in the air strike.
dialog: A cremation if you will.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You never saw the bodies of Walden
dialog: or Rady or the Blackhawk crew?
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: No. I didn't. I've seen enough
dialog: dead people.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You said there was enemy fire during
dialog: the rescue.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: Yes. We took some hits. Liebman's
dialog: Blackhawk took some hits. We had
text: one man wounded in the evacuation,
dialog: Berg.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: When did you learn about the events
dialog: that occurred on the previous night?
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
text: At the MASH. Altameyer, Ilario
text: and Monfriez started talking.
dialog: That's when I wrote up the citation.
dialog: I didn't expect the Medal of Honor
dialog: would actually come through. Most
dialog: of them get knocked down to the
dialog: Silver Star or an Air Medal, but...
dialog: I wanted everybody to know how
dialog: extraordinarily this soldier had
dialog: performed.
text: They land at the hospital. Doctors and nurses are waiting
text: on the pad. They hustle the patient into the Emergency Room.
text: The Medic goes with them.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Why did she do it?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 46.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: I... I don't know. Does anyone?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You said she was aggressive. Was
dialog: she a hot dog?
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: No. Very conscientious. A highly
dialog: motivated individual, but not a
dialog: Nintendo jockey.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Why did she do it? Why didn't she
dialog: just go for altitude and call in
dialog: the location?
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: And watch that tank chew up Fowler
text: and his crew -- the patients.
dialog: People were in trouble. We help
dialog: people in trouble. It's our job.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Would any of your other pilots
dialog: have done the same?
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: I don't know. Would I? I don't
dialog: know. I hope so. I'd hope we all
dialog: have in us whatever Captain Walden
dialog: found that day. But... "Was shea
dialog: hot dog?" "Was she Audie Murphy?"
dialog: "why did she do it?" What does
dialog: this have to do with the citation?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Nothing. Just curious.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: Same here. Same here.
text: The Medic comes back with five Dr. Peppers. He tosses one
text: to each of the men. They all drink - except for Serling.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You put Altameyer, Ilario and
dialog: Monfriez for the Silver Star and
dialog: Air Medal.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: Yes, and they deserved it. They
dialog: received them.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 47.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Good men?
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: The best.
text: Drinks finished, Teegarden lifts the chopper off the pad.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Then why did you transfer them out
dialog: of your unit after Desert Storm?
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: Well, Altameyer wasn't mine in the
dialog: first place, he was an MP. You'll
dialog: have to ask his CO. Ilario and
dialog: Monfriez requested transfer for a
dialog: variety of reasons their own. I
dialog: had no reason to deny it. After
dialog: what they'd done it was the least
dialog: I could do. The least.
text: They land at the airstrip. Teegarden shuts the Huey down.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Thanks, Major. I might call you
text: back with some follow ups.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: She gonna get it? The Medal of
dialog: Honor?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Just a matter of rubber stamping
dialog: the paperwork as far as I can see.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: Good.
text: The helicopter is still. They walk back to the quonset hut.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: It always reflects well on a unit,
dialog: and thusly the Commanding Officer
dialog: when someone under their command
dialog: is recognized. A career enhancement
dialog: they call it in D.C.
text: Teegarden looks at Serling, his anger growing.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: You think that's why I did it?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 48.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN (CONT'D)
dialog: You... I know something about you,
dialog: Colonel. I can put it in one word.
dialog: Fratricide.
text: Serling is brought up cold.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I wonder if that word is any better
dialog: than what it replaced. Friendly
dialog: Fire.
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: So you've got no room to cast any
dialog: doubt on the actions of Captain
dialog: Walden and her crew or me, for
dialog: that matter. Not one bit.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: No one knows that better than I,
dialog: Major.
text: And he walks away.
scene_heading: INT. OFFICE, DAY
text: Serling is on the phone.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Colonel Serling. Is the General
dialog: busy? Thanks.
text: He waits. He is in the Hall of Heroes, important men and
text: actions in Airborne history depicted on the walls.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: General. I have a message here to
dialog: call you...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Fine, fine. I just finished
dialog: speaking with the C.0. who wrote
dialog: up the citation.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: A little touchy. I yanked his
dialog: chain a couple of times but I think
dialog: he's just the touchy type, not
dialog: covering up anything. Just touchy.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: I'm still here at Benning. One of
dialog: the eyewitnesses is an instructor
text: at the Ranger School now.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 49.
speaker_heading: SERLING (CONT'D)
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'll stay in contact. By the way
dialog: sir, I'm forwarding to you an
dialog: article written by a Lieutenant
dialog: who survived the incident. It's
text: an after report of Al Bathra.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Nothing new, but well written.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: He's ambitious, intelligent, well
dialog: spoken and not shy about speaking
dialog: his mind. Your kind of officer.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Me. I'm doing fine. I'1l report
dialog: again in a day or two after I've
text: interviewed all three eyewitnesses.
dialog: Could I talk to Banachek again?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Thank you, sir.
text: Serling looks at the poster behind him. The hierarchy of
dialog: awards for the Army. At the peak - The Army Medal of Honor.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Banachek, could you find something
dialog: for me? A guy I served with in
dialog: Desert Storm just received a medical
dialog: discharge. Could you track him
dialog: down for me? Get an address?
dialog: Patella, first name Loren, middle;
dialog: name Michael.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Thanks, I'll call tomorrow. 'Bye.
scene_heading: EXT. RANGER SCHOOL, DAY
text: Young men with shaved heads going through the disciplined
text: hell of Ranger School, instructors barking at their heels
text: like Chihuahuas on steroids. The students look haggard.
text: The cadre, in their berets and starched fatigues, look like
dialog: Army poster boys.
text: Serling walks up to the Ranger Officer watching the training,
text: talks to him. The officer points up. Serling looks. A
text: fifty foot tower, fast rope training - sort of a speeded up
text: rapelling - men zip down the rope, some with more finesse
dialog: than others.
text: While STAFF SERGEANT ALTAMEYER, a black tough, harangues
text: them. Altameyer is buff. There is a long furrow of a scar
text: on his left forearm.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 50.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Get down the rope, soldier!
dialog: Somebody's shooting at you!. You're
text: a sniper's wet dream hanging in
dialog: the air like that! Go! Go! Go!
dialog: You're slowing down the man behind
dialog: you! You're gonna get his ass
dialog: wasted! This chopper's been in
dialog: the air too long! Get down there!
dialog: Move it! Move it! Move it! C'mon!
dialog: What's wrong?! You want to live
dialog: forever?! You scared?!
text: He has a recalcitrant soldier, tired or scared, hard to tell,
text: but he's paused at the top of the rope.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: C'mon Fedderman. Chopper's leavin!
dialog: The war's waiting on your ass!
dialog: What are you afraid of?! All you
dialog: can do is break your spine. It
dialog: don't hurt and you get a spiffy
text: set of wheels.
text: Altameyer quickly hooks up to one of the ropes and jumps
text: over the side of the platform. Head down!
text: Altameyer plummets the fifty feet - not sliding - falling
text: the whole way head first. He puts the brakes on for the
text: last two yards and comes to a stop - his head inches from
dialog: the ground.
text: Fedderman, the recalcitrant student, ashamed, comes down in
text: fits and starts. Altameyer watches.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: C'mon soldier. Let loose. Scare
dialog: me!
text: Fedderman is down. The Ranger goes over to Altameyer and
text: pulls him aside. Serling can't hear them, but it is apparent
text: that Altameyer is getting his ass chewed. At the end of the
text: dressing down the officer points to Serling and Altameyer
text: comes over, salutes.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Sir! The CO said you wanted to
dialog: speak to me.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Yes, I'm doing the follow through
dialog: on Captain Karen Emma Walden's
dialog: Medal of Honor recommendation.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 51.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: (surprised)
dialog: Something wrong?
speaker_heading: SERLING
text: No. Just crossing the T's dotting
dialog: the I's. Can we talk?
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Yes, sir. I've been let off duty
dialog: for the rest of the day.
text: They walk across the field to the parking lot. Altameyer
text: keeps giving Serling sidelong glances.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: I don't know what to tell you that
dialog: I didn't already say. They got it
dialog: all in writing.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I read the transcript.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Isn't that enough?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Not for the Pentagon.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: You talking to the other guys?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Not yet. But I will.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: This here's my car, sir. I was
dialog: thinking of going to the gym to
text: work out for the boxing team.
dialog: Could we do this there?
text: Altameyer looks at Serling to see if he's impressed. He
text: should be. A Saleen Mustang Convertible - turbo-charged,
text: black with a red interior - the muscle car of the 90's.
text: Serling gets in.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Sure, anywhere you're comfortable.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG, DAY
text: Altameyer smiles and keys the Saleen to life, peeling rubber
text: out of the parking lot.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 52.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You were an MP in Desert Storm.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Roger that, sir.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You hung around the Medevac unit.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: I did, some.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You like helicopters?
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Negative on that, sir. Don't even
dialog: like to fly in planes. Didn't
dialog: before my crash, don't especially
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: But you did hang around the Medevac
dialog: unit. You want to be a medic?
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: I wanted to hump a nurse once,
dialog: that count, sir? I see where you're
dialog: going. I play poker. Those Medevac
dialog: folks, between missions, had a lot
text: of spare time on their hands.
dialog: Want to know a poker secret, sir?
dialog: Make you a mint. The people you
dialog: play against, find out what they're
dialog: interested in, pretend you're
text: interested. They start running
dialog: off at the mouth don't pay no
dialog: attention to their cards. Them
dialog: Medevac folks, they do love to
dialog: talk about choppers.
text: He grins.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Medevac folks bought this here
dialog: auto. Yeah, I hung at the Medevac.
dialog: I hung, I played, they talked, I
dialog: won.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Until February 26.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Well...
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 53.
text: Altameyer pulls into the parking lot of a gym. He goes
text: inside, Serling follows.
scene_heading: INT. GYM, DAY
dialog: Altameyer is known here. A lot of high fives, grab-ass,
text: shouted hellos. He and Serling go to the locker room.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM
text: Altameyer begins to change. Off comes his shirt and T-shirt.
text: There is another scar, a big one, across his back. Serling
text: notices it. Altameyer notices Serling noticing.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: I had some phys rehab time, got
dialog: into boxing.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: So, how did you come to be on
dialog: Captain Walden's helicopter?
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Uh, let's see. Major what's his
dialog: butt ... Carden Party.
text: Serling eyes Altameyer. Is the Sergeant fucking with him?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Teegarden.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Right. He asked me, said they
dialog: were on a Search and Rescue and
dialog: they might need some gun. The war
dialog: had just got cranking and we didn't
dialog: know what old Saddam Insane had in
dialog: his pocket. I said okay. I wasn't
dialog: seeing any action and I... you
dialog: know. So, I got me a 240 and
text: bungied it in one of the Huey
dialog: doorways and away we went.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Did you know Captain Walden before
dialog: this?
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
text: Seen her around. Not much. She
dialog: didn't play poker, for money, she
dialog: said. She ... was just another
dialog: officer.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 54.
text: He turns his back on Serling. In his sweats now, he begins
text: to tape his hands.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: The flight was uneventful. Up
dialog: until...
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Up until...
text: He smiles sardonically.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
text: We set down once, dust storm.
dialog: That and the oil fires. We couldn't
dialog: see shit so we hit ground to wait
dialog: it out, let it blow over. We were
text: down for a half hour or so. Then
dialog: we went back up. God, I hate the
dialog: dust. Hate the dust. Hate it.
text: He hates something. He bites off the tape.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: How long before you spotted the
dialog: crashed Blackhawk?
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
text: Half hour, forty minutes.
text: Altameyer pauses, busies himself with his hands. It is
text: evident Serling has to prompt him.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: So tell me what happened.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Well, it all happened so fast, at
dialog: first. Then it seemed to take
text: forever. We came around a bend in
dialog: the river - and there it was.
text: Nervously Altameyer scrapes a fingernail across the wooden
text: bench. Rhythmic scraping.
scene_heading: EXT. HUEY, DAY
text: The same rhythm, but the chop chop of the blades as the Huey
text: zooms along the river thirty feet off the ground. The river
text: runs through a wide canyon, the cliffs and ridges rise above
dialog: the helicopter.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 55.
text: Altameyer rides in the rear door, pilot's side, machine gun
text: at the ready. In back with him are CREW CHIEF ILARIO, a
scene_heading: MEDIC, and SP/4 MONFRIEZ. Up front -- CAPTAIN WALDEN piloting
text: and her co-pilot WARRANT OFFICER RADY.
text: They follow the meandering water as it curves around a bend.
text: And abruptly come across a battle. The crashed Blackhawk,
text: survivors firing their weapons.
text: Across the river bank -- the tank. A round explodes from
text: the tank gun. Flame belches from the cannon. Ground troops
text: move toward the crashed Blackhawk, firing as they go.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: There they are!
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Fuck, a tank! They're in deep
dialog: shit.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: There's your target, Altameyer.
dialog: Get it.
text: Walden banks hard! Standing on the skid, hanging from his
text: safety strap, Altameyer watches the tank appear in the open
text: void directly beneath him. He opens fire!
text: The bullets glance off the steel hide of the tank. The
text: machine gunner on the tank unleashes a stream of fire at the
text: chopper. The clank of bullets slapping into the aluminum
text: shell of the Huey. A couple of holes appear magically under
text: Monfriez' feet.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Holy shit! We're taking fire!
text: The tank cannon goes off again. A huge explosion near the
text: Blackhawk! Enemy fire peppers the Huey.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: I'll try another pass!
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Won't do no good. I might as well
dialog: be pissing on that tank.
speaker_heading: RADY
dialog: What we need is an airstrike!
dialog: Bomb that fucker back to Baghdad.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: By the time a jet jockey got here...
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 56.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: And we ain't got no bombs.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
text: Monfriez, unhook the aux fuel pod,
dialog: prepare to toss it overboard!
dialog: Altameyer, put a hold on that 240!
dialog: Get the flare gun from the survival
dialog: kit.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Toss it overboard? What the fuck?
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Do it! It's a bomb!
text: Monfriez gets it, he goes to unhook the big square fuel pod.
text: Altameyer scrambles to find the survival kit.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Survival kit ... survival kit...
text: Ilario finds it for him, passes him the flare gun and a flare.
text: Altameyer fumbles the flare into the barrel. Walden banks
text: the chopper to go back to the tank.
text: They fly over the crashed Blackhawk. Desperate faces look
text: up at them. Rady is twenty feet away from some kid. Their
text: eyes meet.
speaker_heading: RADY
dialog: Climb for altitude and call in our
dialog: co-ords?
speaker_heading: WALDEN
text: After we slow down the tank.
dialog: Otherwise there won't be anything
dialog: for them to rescue. Target coming
dialog: up!
text: She nears the tank.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Ready here.
text: The auxiliary fuel pod teeters on its perch.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Ready here.
text: She banks over the tank. The tank machine gunner lets loose.
text: Tracers arc to the chopper, whistle through the doorway, a
text: few plunk into the side and front window.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 57.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Choose your moment!
text: Monfriez drops the pod! The Huey jumps up in the air with
text: the weight loss! Altameyer is scared. The pod misses the
text: tank by twenty feet.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Shit! Shit!
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: We'll try again. Prepare the
text: starboard pod. Right away. Rady,
dialog: we flying?
speaker_heading: RADY
dialog: No damage yet! None that's stopping
dialog: us!
text: He looks at the gash in the window near Walden's head.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Ready!
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Altameyer !
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Ready!
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Have another flare ready in case
dialog: you miss.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: I won't.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: I got one.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Here we go! Pick your moment!
speaker_heading: RADY
dialog: Allow for the speed of the craft.
dialog: The pod will drop at the same...
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: I got it! TI got it!
text: They bank over the tank again! The gunner fires at them!
text: Tracers chew at the Huey! Soldiers on the ground fire up at
text: them! Monfriez drops the pod. The chopper lurches!
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 58.
text: The pod bursts upon hitting the tank. A direct hit! Gasoline
text: spews everywhere.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Got it!
text: Altameyer fires the flare gun. It strikes the tank. The
text: tank bursts into flame. The soldiers onboard the Huey cheer,
text: shout, yell in triumph! But only for an instant. They are
text: in trouble. Walden frantically fights the controls. The
text: chopper tail is out of control.
text: WALDEN Grab something! Hold on! Rady, call in a Mayday!
text: She looks over. Rady sags in his chair, blood pouring down
text: his chest. The window in front of him is shattered by bullet
text: holes! Walden switches channels on the radio. Ilario straps
text: into the seat. Monfriez hooks up.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Mayday! Mayday! Dust Off Three
dialog: is going down! Mayday!
text: They crash! They hit hard! It is awful quiet for a moment.
text: Dust settles. A hot engine ticks as it cools. A moan. A
text: little movement. Altameyer hangs by his safety strap outside
text: the chopper door, the 240 dangling over his head. The barrel
text: is inches from his nose. He skitters out of the way. It
text: hurts to move. He gets up painfully. The chopper has splayed
text: its skids, sits in an angle. The rear rotor is imbedded in
text: the roof, protruding inside. Walden, unbuckled, is bending
text: over Rady.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Ilario, Rady's hurt!
text: Ilario is fumbling with his straps. Monfriez is hanging out
text: the other door.
text: BOOM! The tank blows. Secondary explosions as the ammo
text: goes off. The ground troops, small figures on the ridgeline
text: begin to fire. Rounds pock the Huey, kick up grit on the
text: rocks between the Huey and the ridge.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Altameyer, get the 240 working!
text: With Ilario's help she gets Rady into the back of the
text: helicopter. Ilario goes to work on him. Altameyer unbungies
text: the machine gun.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Monfriez, check for fire!
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 59.
text: He does that while Walden goes back up front to check the
text: radio. Altameyer returns fire.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: This is Dust Off Three. This Dust
text: Off Three. Acknowledge, all
dialog: channels. This is Dust Off Three.
text: She clicks through all channels. Nothing.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Ilario? Altameyer, easy on the
dialog: ammo. We might be here a while.
text: The three conscious men look at her.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
text: No fire, fuel tanks intact.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Ilario? Rady...
speaker_heading: ILARIO
text: He's in a bad way. Lung shot.
dialog: Not much I can do here.
text: She bends over Rady, wipes the blood from Rady's face.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: The head wound?
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Superficial. Radio?
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Dead.
text: She turns to survey the scene. Coming down the ridge
text: carefully, under cover fire, is the enemy. She looks the
text: other way. Across the river, three hundred meters or more,
text: is the crashed Blackhawk. A few men there can be seen looking
text: at the Huey.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Ilario, could Rady manage if we
dialog: carried him to the Blackhawk?
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: I don't know, Captain, it might
dialog: kill him. He might die in the
dialog: next fifteen seconds just laying
dialog: there.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 60.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: I'm not sure we can make it.
text: Walden looks at Monfriez, who has his M-16 out and is checking
text: to see if it's loaded. He points.
text: Four or five enemy soldiers have positioned themselves up
text: the river behind a pile of rocks. Someone from the Blackhawk
text: fires on them.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: We try to get there we walk right
dialog: into their guns. Carrying Rady we
dialog: might as well Just shoot ourselves,
dialog: save them the bullets.
text: She looks out over Altameyer's shoulder. The enemy troops
text: have stopped moving, finding cover in the rocks below the
text: ridgeline. Occasionally one of them shoots. The bullets
text: punch holes in the chopper, but the main body is protected
text: by a outcropping of stone. Altameyer returns fire. Short
text: two or three-round bursts from the 240.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Ammo?
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: I got this belt and another five
dialog: hundred.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: I guess we wait.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Search and Rescue.
text: She looks at the men. They don't feel a bit of her
text: confidence. Actually, neither does she.
text: Machine gun fire. Everyone ducks, then looks up at the ridge.
text: One enemy soldier with no live target is firing at the Huey's
dialog: tail.
text: Full magazines emptied in one long blast, perforating the
text: aluminum tail. Laughter, then another long burst. BURRUPP!
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM, DAY
text: Altameyer's fingernail has cut a groove in the wooden bench
dialog: top.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 61.
text: Each scrape of his fingernail creates a loud sound similar
text: to the machine gun. Altameyer sees that Serling is watching
text: the nervous scraping. He stops self-consciously.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Tell me about the night.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: I never seen it get so dark. No
text: city lights. Just black. Black.
dialog: It's hard to describe to someone
dialog: who wasn't there.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I was there.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Yeah? Infantry?
speaker_heading: SERLING
text: Tanks.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: You wouldn't get me in no tank.
dialog: Death traps. There you are sitting
dialog: on five hundred gallons of diesel
text: fuel, a couple hundred rounds of
dialog: high explosive artillery in your
dialog: ass pocket. We saw a lot of dead
text: tanks with crispy critters hanging
text: out of them over there.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Well you know who turned them into
text: crispy critters. Not Infantry.
text: Tanks. Other tanks.
text: He lets that sink in.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Tell me what happened during the
dialog: night.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Not much. The Captain put us on
dialog: two-hour watches, but there wasn't
dialog: no need. None of us were going to
dialog: sleep.
scene_heading: INT. HUEY, NIGHT
text: The four of them sit with the wounded man, peering out at
dialog: the night.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 62.
text: Altameyer with the 240 and Ilario with his Beretta pistol in
text: his lap, at one door.
text: At the other door, Monfriez cradles the M-16 while Captain
text: Walden has her own pistol in hand.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: I wish the moon would come out.
text: She looks up. There is a hint of the moon behind the clouds
dialog: when they thin.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: You think Air Rescue will come
dialog: tonight?
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Most likely they'll wait for first
text: light.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: We just have to hold our water
dialog: until morning.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
text: I can hear them out there, moving
dialog: and talking - when you people aren't
text: gabbing.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Then I suggest everybody...
text: BAM! She shoots, right past Monfriez' head. An Iraqi soldier
text: falls, firing his weapon. Suddenly the Huey is under attack
dialog: from all sides! They hardly see the enemy except when he is
text: lit up by his own gunfire.
text: A small firefight. Typical. Instant chaos. Gunfire that
text: merges into one big blast of noise.
text: Then silence. The enemy can be heard scurrying away. The
text: metallic clatter as Walden fumbles to reload her Beretta.
text: She fumbles because her left arm is shot up, in her forearm
text: a bone splinter pokes through the bloody hole. She has
text: another bullet in her stomach. She gets the Beretta loaded
text: one-handed, then discovers the stomach wound.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Shit.
text: Then rouses herself.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 63.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Ilario, you hit? You okay?
dialog: Monfriez? Altameyer?
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: I'm okay. I'm okay.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: My ear...
text: It's bloody, the tip shot off. He touches it. It hurts.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: I took one. No, two.
text: They look. There is a bloody furrow up his left forearm and
text: another across his rib cage.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Take care of him, Ilario.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
text: Rady's dead.
text: Cold, eyes glazed over. Dead. Ilario goes to Altameyer.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: I'm cool. Check the Captain out.
text: She looks serious.
text: Ilario goes over to Walden. The others watch.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Altameyer, Monfriez, keep a look
dialog: out. They might try again. How
dialog: many rounds left?
text: She grits her teeth as Ilario examines her wounds.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: How many rounds? Report.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
text: I'm opening my second box of ammo.
dialog: My last.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: I've got one magazine left for the
dialog: '16. Beretta's full.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
text: Mine's empty. No more nags.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 64.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: I've got another mag. Here.
text: Walden almost screams, swallows it.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Both of you fire a couple of rounds
dialog: off, let them know we're still
text: alive and kicking.
dialog: They do so.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Now save your ammo for something
dialog: you can see.
text: They stare out into the dark.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER (V.O.)
dialog: The trouble was you couldn't see a
dialog: damned thing. You knew they were
text: out there, sneaking up on us, ready
dialog: to try again, but you couldn't
dialog: see... You couldn't see.
text: Altameyer's eyes stare out at the night.
scene_heading: INT. LOCKER ROOM, DAY
text: Altameyer is back there, in the desert, staring out into the
text: night. The thousand-yard stare.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: You couldn't see.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: The rest of the night went without
dialog: incident.
text: Altameyer takes a breath, back in the real world.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Yeah. Wasn't that enough for one
dialog: night?
text: He is suddenly belligerent, realizes it, and covers with a
text: smile. He nervously rubs the scar on his forearm.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: We could continue this tomorrow if
dialog: it's getting to you.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 65.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: If these things are getting too
dialog: close...you know. We could finish
dialog: up tomorrow.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: I don't get emotional about this
dialog: shit. It's a gig, you know. My
dialog: job. It's in the job description.
dialog: You're gonna get shot at and shit
dialog: on for chump change. But you get
dialog: to travel to the worst asswipe
dialog: countries in the world, sample
dialog: their worst diseases, eat the worst
text: food, in the midst of the worst
dialog: weather, the meanest bugs and snakes
text: and crawling critters in the worst
dialog: conditions known to man. Now ask
dialog: me why I do it. C'mon, ask me.
dialog: Ask me.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: "Cause I get to kill people.
text: He tries a macho killer smile. It starts to fail, so he
text: struts into the gymnasium.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Tell me what happened at dawn.
scene_heading: INT. GYM
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Dawn. Why is it people think only
dialog: good things will happen when the
text: sun comes up? As if a little
dialog: sunlight on the situation would
dialog: make things better. We knew at
dialog: first light they where going to
dialog: attack. If they did -- we were
dialog: dead men.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: And woman.
text: Altameyer looks deep into Serling's eyes, looking for
text: something. He doesn't find it.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 66.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: And woman.
text: Altameyer looks at himself in the mirror checks out his arms,
text: his chest, his back. Then looks into his own eyes.
scene_heading: INT. HUEY, MORNING
text: The sun creeps up over the mountains. The crew of Dust Off
text: Three are on watch, weapons ready, exhausted, sleepy-eyed,
dialog: spent.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Oh, fuck me.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Fuck us.
text: Silhouetted against the sun, enemy soldiers are descending
text: the ridgeline where the tank still burns.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: How many?
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
text: A hundred, maybe more.
text: With more light, the ridge seems to have a soldier behind
text: every rock. Walden tries to crawl over to get a look, but
text: her wounds stop any effort. Altameyer gets ready to fire.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Wait 'til they get closer. Make
dialog: every round count.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: We're gonna need every bullet.
dialog: Look.
text: Between the Huey and the river thirty enemy soldiers have
dialog: found cover.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: We're fucked.
text: They all look at the enemy troops moving in, skittering from
text: cover to cover, advancing on the Huey.
speaker_heading: SERLING (V.0.)
dialog: Was there any talk of surrender?
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER (V.0O.)
dialog: None. Never.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 67.
text: Everyone checks their weapons.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Where's Rady's Berreta?
text: Ilario pulls aside the poncho covering Rady's body. He takes
text: Rady's Beretta, the extra magazine.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Glad to have you with us, Altameyer.
dialog: Sorry about the circumstances.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: What the hell, who wants to live
dialog: forever.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: I do.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Quiet!
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: What the hell for? They know we're
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
text: Quiet! I hear something. Choppers.
text: That shuts them up. They don't move -- all listening.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: I don't hear shit. All this gunfire
dialog: has made me deaf. My ears just
dialog: ring.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Shhhh!
text: Then they all hear it. So does the enemy. They stop moving.
text: Choppers! They all start searching the skies, desperately
text: looking for their saviors. The enemy decides to attack.
text: Gunfire begins to pour at the Huey. Bullets slap into the
text: hull. The crew returns fire. Then around the bend of the
text: river comes the Rescue team.
text: Cobras rake the enemy with electric mini guns. Five thousand
text: rounds a minute tear up the ridgeline. Rockets are fired!
text: Explosions on the ridge.' The tank is hit again! One Cobra
text: attacks the enemy along the river, between the two crashed
text: choppers.
text: The Cobras are effective, but enemy fire is only reduced not
dialog: stopped.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 68.
text: The Medevac choppers land, one Blackhawk near the downed
text: Blackhawk, one Huey near the downed Huey.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Let's get out of here! Ilario!
text: Monfriez grabs Walden. Ilario goes to help. She gasps in
text: pain. Monfriez goes down! A bullet in the leg!
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Ilario! Help Monfriez!
text: Altameyer's gun empty, he grabs Walden with his good arm.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: No! Help Monfriez! I'm staying
dialog: with Rady!
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: He's dead!
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: I'm not leaving him behind! Come
dialog: back with stretchers! Two
dialog: stretchers! Go! Go!
text: She takes the M-16. Starts laying down covering fire! The
text: men start to move, Altameyer and Ilario carrying Monfriez.,
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: No! No! Not without the Captain.
text: He stops them. They all turn around to face the Huey. In
text: time to see Walden cut down by enemy gunfire. Five, six
text: bullets tear through her body. tIlario rushes back. Altameyer
text: and Monfriez follow. They gather around Walden. She is
text: dead. The enemy fire increases. Mortar rounds begin to
text: explode near the Huey.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Let's get out of here!
text: They move as fast as they can to the Rescue Huey piloted by
text: Major Teegarden. The Crew Chief and Medic meet them halfway.
text: Monfriez is carried to the Rescue Huey. He tears away from
text: the Medic and taps Teegarden on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
text: Captain Walden is dead. So is
dialog: Rady.
text: Teegarden nods, lifts off. All choppers leave the area.
text: Two jets come roaring in. Teegarden talks on the radio,
text: circles above the jets. The jets come in low, on a run.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 69.
text: Bomb canisters float out from below them. The bombs land on
text: the two crashed choppers. White phosphorus. Big, white
text: explosions. Bright, white fire. The choppers are
text: incinerated. Instantly.
text: Teegarden's Huey leaves. Altameyer looks out the door at
text: the white smoke climbing into the air.
scene_heading: INT. GYM, NIGHT
text: A weightlifter slaps white powder on his hands before
text: approaching a weight. Altameyer watches the white cloud of
text: dust. He has his boxing gloves on now.
speaker_heading: MCQUILLEN
dialog: Altameyer, you ready?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You were wounded again in the
dialog: evacuation.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Yeah. Took a bullet. Didn't feel
dialog: it until we got to the MASH. In
text: the back, scraped a rib, through
dialog: and through. Little shit.
text: Altameyer steps into the ring where MEDINA, another boxer,
text: waits. Serling looks at the old man who yelled, MCQUILLEN,
text: natty even in fatigues - starched, tailored fatigues.
speaker_heading: MCQUILLEN
dialog: Where's your brain bucket?
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Don't need it.
speaker_heading: MCQUILLEN
dialog: You don't step in my ring without
dialog: one. I have to tell you again and
dialog: you won't have a head to put it
dialog: on.
text: A departing fighter tosses his head gear to Altameyer, who
text: puts it on. McQuillen rings the bell. Altameyer and Medina
text: fight. Well, Altameyer takes a lot of blows. He seems to
dialog: take and give very little back.
speaker_heading: MCQUILLEN
dialog: C'mon, Altameyer, plant one before
dialog: the season's over!
text: McQuillen looks at Serling.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 70.
speaker_heading: MCQUILLEN
dialog: No fire. No killer instinct, know
dialog: what I mean. He's got something.
dialog: Ain't scared. Wades in there,
dialog: takes a lot of punishment, eats a
dialog: lot of leather, but he don't dish
dialog: none out. Well, some.
text: Altameyer takes a brutal blow. It staggers him. He comes
text: back at his opponent, laughing.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: That's the best you can throw at
dialog: me? What are you, some kind of
dialog: pussy, Medina? You hit like a
dialog: woman. My little sister hits harder
dialog: than that. My mama hits harder.
dialog: You some kind of fag?
text: Medina starts punching harder, trying to shut Altameyer up.
text: Altameyer just talks more trash, spitting out his mouthpiece
text: and taunting Medina through bloody teeth.
speaker_heading: MCQUILLEN
dialog: Maybe he thinks he can win by
dialog: wearing out the other fella, if
dialog: Altameyer don't bleed to death
dialog: first.
text: McQuillen goes in and stops the fight. Altameyer protests.
text: McQuillen lets them go at it some more. Altameyer is a human
text: punching bag. Blow after painful blow is taken -- and he
text: keeps egging Medina on. Serling watches in horror and
dialog: fascination. What's wrong with Altameyer?
scene_heading: EXT. GYM, NIGHT
text: Altameyer, face bruised and swollen, eyes bloodshot, tosses
text: his bag in the back. Serling gets into the passenger side..
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG, NIGHT
text: Altameyer starts it up, drives away, a much more sedate ride
text: than the one to the gym.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: What kind of officer was Captain
dialog: Walden?
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Female.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 71.
dialog: Kinda short.
text: He tries to toss it off as a joke.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Did she display any ...
dialog: characteristics that ... gave you
dialog: any idea of how she would perform
dialog: in combat?
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: I didn't know her. I was just on
dialog: for the one gig.
text: He is suspicious again.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: During the incident ... did she
dialog: display any fear... any doubts
dialog: when she had to make those
dialog: perilous decisions?
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Perilous decisions... No, she just
dialog: made them.
text: A curt answer.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Just like that.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Just like that.
text: Serling is left with his own thoughts. They arrive at the
text: BOQ in silence. Serling gets out of the car.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: She was okay. She was... What
dialog: you're gonna do will make her a
dialog: hero, right? She ... deserves it.
text: He is reaching for the words.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: I just wish... I just wish...
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: I just wish I could be left out of
dialog: it. I don't want to tell that
dialog: story again. Not one more time.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 72.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Living it was enough. Know what I
dialog: mean?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I do.
text: He goes to Altameyer's side of the car, gives him a card.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Thanks. Here. Call if you have
dialog: anything to add to the eyewitness
dialog: statement. They'll pass it on to
dialog: me. By the way, the Medal of Honor
dialog: doesn't make anyone a hero. It
dialog: just recognizes that fact.
dialog: 
text: He heads for the BOQ. Altameyer drives away.
scene_heading: EXT. BOQ NIGHT
text: Serling watches the taillights fade. Something about the
text: Sergeant bothers him. Finally he goes inside.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE, DAY
text: A beautiful lake on a likewise beautiful morning.
text: Serling, in civilian clothes, approaches a bait shop at the
text: edge of the water and enters.
scene_heading: INT. BAIT SHOP
text: Worms, crickets, minnows, all on display with hand-tied flies
text: and other fishing paraphernalia. An old woman, a hard-working
text: walnut of a face, is pulling a few dead minnows out of the
text: tank to toss to an eager cat.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Mrs. Patella?
scene_heading: MRS. PATELLA
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I'm looking for your son Loren. I
dialog: was at the clinic, they said he
dialog: was here.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 73.
text: An old man comes out of the back room.
scene_heading: MR. PATELLA
dialog: Who are you?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Colonel Nat Serling.
text: They recognize the name. It doesn't overjoy them. Mrs.
text: Patella edges closer, sniffs, wrinkles her nose.
scene_heading: MR. PATELLA
text: He's out at the McCaffrey place,
dialog: painting their house. Hope to
dialog: hell he finishes it before summer.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Could you give me directions?
scene_heading: MR. PATELLA
dialog: Sure, draw you a map. Know how
dialog: your military types get all het up
text: over maps.
text: He goes to get some paper and a pen. Mrs. Patella smiles
text: nervously at Serling.
scene_heading: MRS. PATELLA
dialog: Loren admires the hell out of you,
dialog: Colonel. Maybe you could talk him
text: into going back to the clinic.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: He drinking again?
scene_heading: MR. PATELLA
dialog: It's not the drinking. Everybody
dialog: drinks.
scene_heading: MRS. PATELLA
dialog: Not like that.
text: Mr. Patella shoots her a dirty look.
scene_heading: MR. PATELLA
dialog: It's... Let me put it this way,
dialog: Colonel. I hid my guns. I don't
dialog: want him to be alone in the house
dialog: with a gun. You catch my drift?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I see.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 74.
scene_heading: MRS. PATELLA
dialog: Talk to him, please.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I will.
scene_heading: MR. PATELLA
dialog: Can you read a map?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: The Army taught me.
scene_heading: MR. PATELLA
dialog: Then I'll try to explain to you so
dialog: you won't get lost.
scene_heading: MRS. PATELLA
dialog: My husband was in the Marines.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE, DAY
text: Very bucolic. Cottages huddle around the lake. Serling,
text: looking at his map, parks behind one. Half painted little
text: summer cottage. He checks the number with his map.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Patella?
text: No response. He goes around the side, toward the lake.
text: Paint buckets, brushes, a splattered plastic drop cloth. A
text: gunshot! Serling runs to the lake. A man sits on the end
text: of the dock, .22 rifle perched on his shoulder. He fires
text: again! At a bottle bobbing in the water. Another shot and
text: he sinks it. Serling walks out onto the dock. PATELLA, a
text: haunted man, hears the steps on the dock and turns.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Major!
text: He stands up, extends a hand, they shake, then hug. Old
text: Army buddies. A little awkward, but friendly.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: What are you doing?
text: Patella sits down again. Serling joins him. There is a
text: case of beer between them.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Sending old soldiers to sea and
text: then to a watery grave.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 75.
text: He holds up an opened bottle of beer -- half full. He drains
text: it, looks at the empty bottle.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Ever wonder why they call an empty
dialog: bottle of booze a dead soldier?
text: Serling looks at the bottle, too.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Have one.
text: Patella tosses the empty into the water, pulls out a full
text: one from the case.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: No, thanks.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Don't tell me you ain't drinking,
dialog: Major? I can smell it on you.
dialog: And you got to be drinking some
dialog: for it to come out your pores in
dialog: the morning.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I'm trying to quit.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: You're not going to lecture me.
text: He fires at the bobbing bottle, misses.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: No, but I will pass on a word from
dialog: your mother. She wants you to go
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: No way. Worse than they Army.
dialog: Had to make your bed in the morning.
dialog: Had to pull KP.
text: He shoots and hits the bottle. It sinks.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: They don't understand. No one
dialog: does.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I know.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 76.
text: Patella empties the bottle. It, too, goes into the water
text: and another comes out of the case, is opened, is drunk from.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: I don't like to drink, never did.
dialog: Before... Before I never was so
text: much of a drinker. But booze is
dialog: the best way of coping. Until
dialog: they give me something better,
dialog: I'll stay with the booze.
text: He fires. Hits. Sinks.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Have you tried to do without it?
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Yeah. You?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Yes.
text: It is a sad yes. Patella tosses the latest empty into the
dialog: water.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Anything better yet?
text: Serling is silent.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Obviously no.
text: He fires, misses. Goes to the case, opens a new one. Gives
text: it to Serling. Serling takes it. Patella gets a fresh one
dialog: for himself.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: You still in uniform, major?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Not a Major anymore. Colonel.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: You'll always be Major to me, sir.
dialog: And Blackburn will always be
dialog: Sergeant. I'm stuck in time, like
dialog: some fucking "Twilight Zone" I
dialog: can't get past 2200 hours, Feb 26,
dialog: 1992. It's like I didn't live
dialog: before that night. And I sure
dialog: haven't lived past it.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 77.
speaker_heading: PATELLA (CONT'D)
dialog: Blackburn, Sacks, Boylan, I hardly
dialog: knew Pittman, but now I remember
dialog: every moment I spent with the poor
dialog: bastard. His ugly laugh, the
text: picture of his ugly girlfriend.
dialog: His fucking bad jokes. I can even
dialog: see his face when I killed him. I
dialog: wasn't there but I see him. I'd
dialog: have to be in the tank to see that,
dialog: right, and if I was in the tank
dialog: I'd be dead. But I'm not dead and
text: I wasn't in the tank, but I see
text: his face.
text: Serling turns away. The light on the lake shimmers. It
text: blinds him, but he stares into it. It's like fire.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You didn't kill them, I did. I
dialog: gave the order.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: I pulled the fucking trigger.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: The investigators cleared us of
dialog: all blame. We didn't know that
text: the target signature of a tank
dialog: being hit was the same as one
dialog: firing. We never trained under
dialog: live fire. How could we?
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: How could we? Yeah, how could we,
dialog: Major?
text: He fires at the bottle -- misses.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Major?
text: Serling looks at him.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: They weren't on the same radio
dialog: freq as us, were they?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: No. Why?
speaker_heading: PATELLA
text: I keep hearing them scream.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 78.
speaker_heading: PATELLA (CONT'D)
dialog: I swear, I heard them scream. I
dialog: still do.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: So do I.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: You poor bastard.
text: He offers Serling another beer. Serling declines.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Mama says the booze will kill me.
dialog: She don't get it does she?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: No one understands but you, Major.
text: He laughs, a little hysterical, a little out of control.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: My mama thinks I'm drowning and
dialog: the man she sends to save me can't
dialog: swim. Sorry, Major.
text: Serling laughs, too. He takes the second beer, empties his
text: first and tosses it in the water. Patella shoots. Misses.
text: He offers the rifle to Serling.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: No, thanks.
text: Patella shoots. Hits. Sinks.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Don't kids swim here?
text: Patella looks out at the water.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Shit. Oh, fuck.
text: He lays down the rifle, takes off his shoes, shirt. Patella
text: jumps into the water. Serling waits. He stares at the
text: surface of the water, worried. Nothing happens, not a ripple
text: on the water. Serling pries off his shoes, staring at the
text: water. Patella breaks the surface! Laughing.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Scare you, major?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 79.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Yes.
text: Patella saddens.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Sorry.
text: He sets some broken glass he's scooped up on the dock, dives
dialog: again.
scene_heading: EXT. DOCK, LATER
text: The dock is littered with broken glass, bottle shards, a
text: couple that aren't broken. Patella sits on the side of the
text: dock, holding a bleeding right hand by the wrist. Serling
text: bandages him.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: This, I can fix. I've been trained.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: All them OCS medic courses?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Three kids...
text: Serling is saddened now. Patella looks at him.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Damn, Major. You came to me looking
dialog: for some kind of answer didn't
dialog: you?
text: Serling tries a smile, fails.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I can't deny it.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Oh... I'm so sorry, Major. So
dialog: damn sorry.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: So am I.
text: They look at each other for a moment.
scene_heading: EXT. LAKE, DAY
text: Serling pauses by his car. Patella, paint roller in his
text: left hand, salutes with the bandaged hand.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 80.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Major, you get any clue you let me
dialog: know.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You do the same.
text: He finally returns the salute, gets in the car and drives
text: away. Patella watches him go, looks at the paint roller in
text: disgust and tosses it away.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM, DAY
text: Serling stands on the balcony looking down at the canal that
text: winds through the city around him. He goes into the room.
text: There is a bottle of Jim Beam on the table next to the phone.
text: Serling stares at the bottle. Then dials.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Hi, hon.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: Nat! Where are you?
speaker_heading: SERLING
text: San Antonio. At a hotel. Tired
dialog: of BOQ's. I was going to stop off
dialog: at the Alamo later, get the kids T-
dialog: shirts. I thought I'd ask you
dialog: about the sizes.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: Nat, you know their sizes better
dialog: than I do. What's going on?
text: Serling looks at the bottle.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You always call me on it, don't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: And you do the same for me. That's
dialog: how it's always worked.
dialog: (softly)
dialog: What is it, Nat?
text: Serling's thumb works nervously at the plastic covering the
text: bottle cap.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 81.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Nothing. I just wanted to talk to
dialog: somebody who doesn't salute, I
text: guess. A halfway friendly voice.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: Well, you want me to prattle on
dialog: for a minute?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Please.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: Let's see. Something's wrong with
text: the new fridge. The light doesn't
dialog: come on when you open the door.
dialog: Josie lost a tooth. We did the
dialog: whole tooth fairy bit, she found a
dialog: quarter under her pillow. So. I
text: catch Dennis with a pair of pliers
dialog: trying to get little Barry Kraval
text: to yank a few of his bicuspids.
dialog: They were going to split the
text: proceeds. By the way, Josie wants
text: a wig to wear to school.
text: Tears are welling in Serling's eyes.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: Oh, I have to drive twelve blocks
dialog: all the way over to Wagner so Brian
dialog: can practice riding his bike cause
text: he's afraid to fall in front of
dialog: his friends and he won't let anyone
text: see him riding a bike with training
dialog: wheels.
text: Serling is almost overcome.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I got to go.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: Talk to me, Nat.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Gotta go. I'll call you later.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 82.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: Nat...
text: He hangs up, looks at the bottle, dashes out the door.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ALAMO, DAY
text: A little mud building trying to hold it's own in the city of
text: San Antonio. The tour guide shows the tourists the mark
text: where Colonel Travis drew a line in the dirt.
speaker_heading: TOUR GUIDE
dialog: The Alamo reminds us that we
dialog: Americans have always had heroes.
text: In moments of crisis, there are
dialog: those among us who step forward
dialog: and do the right thing, the brave
dialog: thing, without regard for their
dialog: own lives...
text: Serling listens to as much as he can. Then he leaves -- in
text: a hurry.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM, DUSK
text: The sun sets on the bottle -- half-empty now.
scene_heading: EXT. CANALS, NIGHT
text: Serling is drunk. He doesn't stagger, but he walks like in
text: a dream. Through the tourists, the lovers, past the
text: restaurants, the boats. It all swirls around him. He leans
text: against a tree slides down the trunk -- to vomit into the
text: water. Two kids stare at him, ice cream cones in hand.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: You sick, Mister?
speaker_heading: BOY
text: He's not sick. He's drunk. Drunk
dialog: as a skunk.
speaker_heading: GIRL
dialog: Do skunks get drunk? How?
text: Serling looks at them.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I got kids.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 83.
text: The Mother comes to get them. Serling looks at her.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I got kids.
text: It's a plea for something. Understanding. Forgiveness.
speaker_heading: MOTHER
dialog: A lot of good you're doing them
dialog: right now.
text: And stomps off with the little ones in tow.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You're right. She's right.
text: And he starts to sob. Passersby try to ignore him.
scene_heading: EXT. FORT SAM HOUSTON, DAY
text: Serling, in uniform, drives onto the Post.
scene_heading: INT. PHARMACY, DAY
text: SP/5 Ilario deals pills at the Pharmacy window.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Here's your fungicide, but I'm
dialog: telling you, in the morning when
dialog: you shower, piss on your feet.
dialog: Urine will kill that athlete's
dialog: foot in no time. Next. Here's
dialog: your Hismanal, Sergeant, but you
dialog: want to get rid of the allergies --
dialog: bee pollen pills -- and no coffee
dialog: or chocolate. Caffeine makes
dialog: allergies worse.
speaker_heading: SERGEANT
dialog: I give up coffee they might as
dialog: well discharge me now.
text: Ilario has a boyish face hidden behind Ray Charles style
text: horn rimmed shades. A nervous man. Serling gets at the end
text: of the line. A couple of men in line look at him -- and
text: leave. Serling frowns at them. Ilario doesn't look at faces,
text: just nametags, so when he sees Serling's he looks up from
text: his clipboard to Serling in shock. He knows the name.
dialog: Ilario, covers.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Can I help you, Colonel?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 84.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Some aspirin, please.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Sure, here you go.
dialog: The aspirin are handy.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: What? No homeopathic alternative?
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: So you know about alternative
dialog: medicines, sir?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: My sister is a believer. Me, I
dialog: believe in aspirin.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: So do I. Take one every day.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Altameyer called you?
text: Ilario is taken aback only a bit.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: No. Monfriez. Altameyer called
dialog: Monfriez. He called me.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: That's nice, you three still stay
dialog: in contact. Friends?
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Not exactly. What do you call
dialog: people who shared something like
dialog: we did?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Heroes.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Survivors, more like it. So where
dialog: do you want to do this?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Anywhere you feel comfortable.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: You smoke?
dialog: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Not anymore.
text: Ilario grabs his cigarettes, turns to a SP/4.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
text: Rowtero, take over. Sick Call's
dialog: done. I'm going to feed my cancer
dialog: genes.
text: He leads Serling out.
scene_heading: EXT. FORT SAM HOUSTON, DAY
text: The Post swimming pool. Kids and their mothers.
text: noise, a lot of splashing.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: You think this is how the Nazis
dialog: got started? Banning smoking?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I doubt it.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: A bit totalitarian though. So
dialog: what do you need to know?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: How long were you with Captain
dialog: Walden?
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Over four years, four years and a
text: couple of months. Stateside at
dialog: Fort Hood, can't seem to get out
dialog: of Texas, then over in Saudi.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: That's a long time. Did you know
dialog: her well?
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: As well as you get to know any
dialog: officer, I guess.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: What was she like?
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: She was okay. Wasn't on my ass
dialog: too much. What's this got to do
dialog: with the Medal?
dialog: 85.
dialog: A lot of
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 86.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Nothing, just curious.
text: Ilario chain smokes, lighting one with another, sucking them
text: down. He stares at Serling a moment.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Look, you don't want to do this.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: It isn't all like the report. If
dialog: you go ahead with what you got
dialog: she'll get the Medal and everybody
dialog: will be happy.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I won't be. I want the truth.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Leave it be, it's better that way.
dialog: Why do you want to push it?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: It's important to me. I could
dialog: order you to tell the truth.
text: Ilario smiles.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: You could.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Or I could ask you as one soldier
text: to another. One vet to another.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: You were in Saudi? See any combat?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Yes. Tanks.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: You lose any men?
text: Serling nods. Ilario lets that go by.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Have you noticed ... I have since
dialog: I came back, that there's this
text: closeness with other combat vets.
dialog: This ... thing.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 87.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: My Sergeant Major said it's because
dialog: we've all faced the tiger. We've
dialog: all been tested. We know our
dialog: limits.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Yeah? I don't buy into this "bond
dialog: of war" shit, but we all know
dialog: something no one else knows. Can't
dialog: explain it to a civilian, not even
dialog: another soldier if he hasn't been
dialog: under fire. It's a secret. We
dialog: never share it.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: So you can tell me the truth.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: I guess so. You won't like it.
dialog: Captain Walden wasn't all that
dialog: glorious a hero.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: For instance...
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: The dust storm for instance. We
dialog: were forced down by a dust storm...
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I know.
scene_heading: INT. HUEY
text: The Huey is surrounded by a whirling, dark wall of dust and
dialog: sand.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: I think we should go back. This
dialog: sand isn't doing the aircraft any
dialog: good. If it continues up north
dialog: we'll never see a damned thing.
text: Another Walden, a tentative, even scared Walden.
speaker_heading: RADY
dialog: I say we wait until this blows
dialog: over, they always do, and try a
text: few more clicks up river before we
dialog: go back.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 88.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Yeah, Cap, let's try a little more.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: I'm for going ahead. The ship can
dialog: take it.
text: Walden looks at Altameyer.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: I'm just a passenger.
scene_heading: EXT. FORT SAM HOUSTON, DAY
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: So she was reluctant.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Well, she wasn't all fired up about
dialog: going ahead. Then when we spotted
dialog: Captain Fowler's Blackhawk... I
dialog: knew those people, every one of
dialog: them. Fowler, Tierney, Terry
dialog: Gunther.
text: He is down. Ilario has big highs and deep lows. This is
text: the bottom of the canyon for him.
scene_heading: INT. HUEY, DAY
text: The Huey rounds the bend of the river. Ilario sees the
text: crashed Blackhawk.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: There they are!
text: And the tank fires. The Huey crew takes in the scenario.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Fuck!
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Get me around so I can fire!
text: Walden turns the chopper. Altameyer stands on the skids,
text: hangs from his lifeline and fires. The bullets have no effect
text: on the steel tank. The tank machine gunner lets loose!
text: Bullets pock the Huey. Walden banks.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Turn around! Turn around! Let me
dialog: have another shot at it!
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 89.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: I'm going for altitude! Call Search
dialog: and Rescue.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Fowler will be meat by the time
dialog: Search and Rescue get here!
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: We can't do anything against a
dialog: tank!
speaker_heading: RADY
dialog: Call in an air strike!
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Still take too long!
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: I'm going for altitude!
speaker_heading: RADY
dialog: Wait one! Wait one! We got two
dialog: bombs on board! The spare fuel
dialog: pods! Monfriez, unstrap one!
dialog: Altameyer, get out the flare gun!
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: It won't work!
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Let's try it!
text: He starts unstrapping the fuel pod.
scene_heading: EXT. FORT SAM HOUSTON, DAY
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: So it was Rady's idea to use the
text: fuel pods.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Yeah. I helped. Captain Walden
text: turned the chopper around when the
dialog: first one missed...
scene_heading: INT. HUEY, DAY
text: The Huey banks above the tank. The first fuel tank has
text: missed. Walden circles the Huey away from the tank.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 90.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: That's it, I'm going for altitude!
dialog: I'm getting us out of here!
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: No! One more! I can get it this
dialog: time! One more!
text: The tank fires again. The Blackhawk takes a hit.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Please, Captain! Please!
text: Walden turns the chopper.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Alright! One more! Then we're
dialog: calling Search and Rescue!
scene_heading: EXT. FORT SAM HOUSTON, DAY
speaker_heading: MARIO
dialog: Not so Rambo, huh? Rambette,
dialog: whichever. Doesn't make as good a
dialog: story. I gotta take a piss.
text: He jumps up suddenly and enters the building. Serling watches
text: him go, with some suspicion. But then he is distracted by a
text: little boy holding up his soggy trunks with both hands.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Mister Colonel, tie me?
text: Serling gathers the limp, loose ties.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Here's a nice double knot.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Okay, like on my shoes. I have
dialog: trouble with knots.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: So do I. There you go.
text: The kid runs off a few paces, stops, comes back.
speaker_heading: BOY
dialog: Thank-you-very-much.
text: And off he goes, dodging the returning Ilario, who sits down,
text: filled with nervous energy. He lights up another cigarette,
text: looks out at the pool.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 91.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Know why I like to come here? No.
dialog: Not to rubberneck the women in
dialog: bikinis. The kids. I love watching
dialog: kids. There's something about
dialog: them. They do the damnedest things,
dialog: never think about the consequences.
dialog: Talk about brave.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I don't think oblivious risk-taking
dialog: is necessarily brave.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: But can you imagine, going through
dialog: life without thinking about the
dialog: consequences? It's not the doing
dialog: that gets you -- it's the
dialog: consequences. Deep, huh?
text: Ilario has suddenly realized he is being a motormouth.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: What happened during the night?
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: The night. Oh, the night. That
dialog: night. We argued mainly. Captain
dialog: Walden wanted to surrender at first
dialog: light. Because of Rady, she said,
dialog: being wounded so bad. Her
dialog: responsibility was to get him
dialog: medical care, she said.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: And after Rady died?
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: She still thought surrender was a
dialog: good idea.
scene_heading: INT. HUEY, DAWN
text: The sun is coming up.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: I'm not giving up until I'm out of
dialog: ammo.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 92.
scene_heading: EXT. FORT SAM HOUSTON, DAY
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Macho shit like that. He's a Ranger
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: How about Monfriez?
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: He wanted to fight.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: And you?
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: I... didn't know. I was ...
dialog: scared. Really scared. You know.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I know.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Do you?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Yes, I do.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Sure.
text: He doesn't believe it though.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: What happened during the evacuation?
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Well, there we were, right? On
text: the left a big ass rock and on the
dialog: right an extremely hard place and
text: the two John Waynes stroking away
dialog: until their wad was shot and me
dialog: and the Captain trying to
dialog: Maintain...
scene_heading: INT. HUEY, DAWN
text: The Search and Rescue team whip past the Huey. Captain Walden
text: is in the door of the Huey, being held back by Ilario and
text: Monfriez while Altameyer fires away.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Wait for the Cobras!
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 93.
text: But Walden breaks free and dashes toward Teegarden's landing
text: Huey. And is shot down. She falls. Ilario and Monfriez
text: both dash out to bring her back. Monfriez takes a bullet.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Jesus H. Christ, Captain! Wait
dialog: for the Cobras!
text: The Cobras rake the enemy. Altameyer runs out of ammo, goes
text: to help Ilario with Walden.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Let's go!
text: All of sudden Walden begins to fight Ilario and Altameyer.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: I'm not leaving my chopper! It's
dialog: not safe! Not safe!
text: She fights them, completely hysterical. Monfriez puts a
text: tourniquet on his own leg. Walden grabs the M-16.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: I'm not leaving ray chopper! Go!
dialog: Go!
text: She aims the M-16 at them. They back away.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Go on!
text: She fires at the ground in front of them. They back away
text: more. The enemy gunfire peppers the Huey. Walden is cut
text: down. The three men come back to Walden. She is dead.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Let's get out of here.
text: They turn and hustle to the rescue choppers.
scene_heading: EXT. FORT SAM HOUSTON, DAY
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: So, why did you lie to Major
dialog: Teegarden?
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: We felt bad for her. We were trying
dialog: to be ... nice. I... I... I didn't
dialog: want her folks to know she
dialog: cracked.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 94.
speaker_heading: ILARIO (CONT'D)
dialog: Her folks are nice people, live in
dialog: Abilene. They used to come over
dialog: to Hood, watch her kid when we
dialog: went out on exercises...
text: Ilario is getting into an area he didn't want to go. He
text: pulls himself out.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: That's the way it went down,
dialog: Colonel. So just forget the Medal,
dialog: or leave it as it is. I don't
dialog: care. I gotta get back.
text: He gets up and walks away. Serling is left on the bench,
text: staring at Ilario's retreating back. Ilario glances over
text: his shoulder a few times, then goes inside the Medical
text: building. Serling, puzzled, concerned, turns to watch a
text: tiny girl, only three or four, cannonball off the high board.
scene_heading: EXT. ST. LOUIS, MISSOURI, DAY
text: The Arch sweeps across the sky above St. Louis and the
text: Mississippi. Serling drives his rental car across the bridge
dialog: to Granite City, Illinois.
scene_heading: EXT. GRANITE CITY, DAY
text: Serling parks across the street from a gun store -- Kane and
text: Greene Guns. Serling in civvies, walks inside.
scene_heading: INT. GUN SHOP, DAY
text: Del Monfriez, fortyish, wearing a pistol on his belt, like
text: all the other salesmen, is at the counter with a customer.
speaker_heading: CUSTOMER
dialog: How late you open?
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: "Til nine. Like they say at the
dialog: girls school -- lights out at nine,
text: candles out at ten.
text: The customer has picked the pistol off the counter and aims
text: it at the wall, holding it sideways.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 95.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Where'd you learn to hold a pistol,
dialog: "Boys in the Hood"? Seen too many
text: of them black gangsta flicks.
dialog: Always holding it like that,
dialog: sideways, no wonder they never hit
dialog: nothing, always full auto, of
dialog: course, you hold a pistol like
dialog: that, you ain't gonna hit nothing.
dialog: That's why they need them splatter
dialog: guns, MAC-10's and shit. That's
text: where the sights are, on top. No
dialog: wonder they have so many innocent
text: drivebys, can't hit nothing, yanking
text: the weapon like they were pulling
dialog: their pud.
text: He takes the pistol back and demonstrates an exaggerated
text: gangsta grip. He gives it back to the customer, turns to
dialog: Serling.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Help you, mister?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Colonel Nat Serling, you've already
dialog: heard about me.
text: Monfriez gives Serling a good looking over.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Yeah. Let's go out back. Browder,
dialog: take over here.
text: Monfriez leads Serling through the store, into the back,
text: past the inventory to a small indoor range.
scene_heading: INT. INDOOR RANGE
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Hey, Colonel, you heard about the
dialog: Polish proctologist, uses two
dialog: fingers so he can get a second
dialog: opinion.
text: He waits for the laugh, sees he's not going to get it, sits
text: down at the bench where a pistol and a box of ammo lay.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: I know why you're here. I'm telling
dialog: you straight out -- I made my
dialog: statement. It's in writing.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 96.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't gotta say diddly more. I
dialog: don't work for Uncle Sam anymore.
dialog: I got this store, half of it anyway.
dialog: You know how they make Mexican
text: shishkabob? They shoot an arrow
text: into a garbage can.
text: He shoots at the target, looks at the results, fiddles with
text: the gunsights.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Why'd you leave the service after
dialog: fourteen years? Why not pull the
dialog: full twenty?
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: If you can ask the question you
dialog: ain't been in it long enough to
dialog: understand. Know the definition
dialog: of a Jewish nympho? She does it
dialog: once a month whether she wants to
dialog: or not.
text: He shoots again, adjusts sights again.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I'd like you to tell me what
dialog: happened, what you actually saw.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Like I said, you got it on paper.
dialog: I got nothing to add.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Can I ask a few questions?
speaker_heading: NONFRIEZ
dialog: Go ahead, but remember what the
dialog: bride said on her wedding night,
dialog: "Don't ask me no questions I won't
dialog: tell you no lies." Hear about the
dialog: Polack who bought a rowing machine?
dialog: He woulda drowned if the lake hadn't
text: been frozen over.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: How long were you Captain Walden's
dialog: Crew Chief?
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Just a few weeks.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 97.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ (CONT'D)
dialog: When she got to Saudi her regular
dialog: Crew Chief got the chicken pox
dialog: second day over. Kept a clean
dialog: ship though. I came from the 232nd.
dialog: Me and Walden didn't hit it off.
dialog: I'll be honest.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: There's this kind of woman, you
dialog: don't just meet them in the Army.
dialog: They want a man's job, they figure
dialog: the way to be is tougher than a
dialog: man. I don't fault ‘em none.
dialog: It's a tough row to hoe, but they
dialog: end up being one thing...
text: He looks to Serling to finish.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: ...a bitch. You know, like that
text: Margaret Thatcher, full tilt flaming
dialog: bitch.
text: He shoots. Then as an afterthought, a punctuation, again.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Was she a good officer?
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: She was alright. Hey, she could
dialog: fly. That was her job. But, hell
dialog: you can train a ten year old to
dialog: fly a UH1, that don't make them
dialog: Norman Fucking Schwartzkopf. She
dialog: got on my ass, but I put her right.
dialog: Here try it.
text: He hands the gun to Serling, who aims. BAM! BAM! BAM!
text: BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! BAM! Serling empties the
text: magazine at the target.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Nice shot group. Yeah, after I
dialog: sighted it in. You done with your
dialog: questions?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: No.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 98.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Yes, you are. You're done now.
text: He walks out, carrying the pistol. Serling follows.
scene_heading: INT. GUN SHOP
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Why did you make up that statement?
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
text: The other two weepy ass wipes talked
dialog: me into it. Look, she gets the
dialog: Medal. Fine. Fine by me. Lotta
dialog: good it's gonna do her. Shit,
dialog: maybe I can sell my story to People
text: magazine. Maybe a TV movie.
dialog: Otherwise this whole thing ain't
dialog: worth the hole in a chicken's ass
dialog: to me. Goodbye. Browder, call
dialog: Dr. Witkin, tell him his pistol's
dialog: sighted in.
text: Serling doesn't leave.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Colonel, you know what to do if
dialog: you get a hang fire? When you
text: pull the trigger and the round
dialog: doesn't go off?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Wait, with your weapon pointed in
dialog: a safe direction.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: You know why? Sometimes the primer
dialog: just cooks. Could be a slow burner.
dialog: It could still go off. And if you
dialog: open your weapon to take the round
dialog: out ... ? It might blow up in
dialog: your face. Leave this round in
dialog: the chamber, Colonel. Leave it
dialog: be.
text: Serling looks at him.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You just threatened me, didn't
dialog: you, Monfriez?
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 99.
speaker_heading: SERLING (CONT'D)
dialog: I work at the Pentagon so I'm kind
dialog: of slow on the uptake, but I do
dialog: recognize a threat when I hear
dialog: it.. Let me respond this way.
text: He leans over the counter into Monfriez' face.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I may be an officer and, therefore,
text: a gentleman by proclamation, but
dialog: before I joined up I was a Chicago
dialog: street kid. I fought my way to
dialog: school everyday and fought my way
dialog: back home every night. I lived in
text: a battle zone and firefights were
text: just background noise.
text: Monfriez turns away. Serling yanks him back -- hard!
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: So, now that I'm in civilian clothes
dialog: and declaring myself off duty I
dialog: have no compunction whatsoever to
dialog: taking you outside and tearing you
dialog: a new asshole.
text: Serling is suddenly very scary. Monfriez hand slides toward
text: his gun. Serling's hand shoots out and grabs Monfriez' wrist.
dialog: SERLING And if you think that gun is going to help you --
dialog: don't. Because I'll break your fucking arm before you clear
dialog: the holster. You'll be hearing from me, Mister.
text: And he turns and leaves. Monfriez trembles with rage.
scene_heading: EXT. PAY PHONE, DAY
text: Serling is at the pay phone.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Banachek, Serling here. The General
dialog: in?
dialog: (beat )
dialog: When's he expected back?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'll call him tomorrow, then. In
dialog: the meantime, I'm going to visit
dialog: Walden's family.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don't know. I'm at loose ends
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 100.
speaker_heading: SERLING (CONT'D)
dialog: Maybe they can help me tie some
dialog: up.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Thanks. Talk to you tomorrow.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM, DAY
text: Outside a little girl, ten or so, plays in the yard with
text: some friends. They are making chalk outlines of their
text: shadows. Serling, in uniform, watches through the picture
text: window. GERALDINE and JOEL WALDEN sit with him in the living
text: room, all watching the girl.
speaker_heading: GERALDINE
text: Sometimes she wakes up in the middle
text: of the night and asks if her mama's
dialog: come home yet. Otherwise.... I
dialog: read somewhere that if a child
dialog: doesn't see a person die or dead,
dialog: like in a casket, that the person
dialog: isn't really dead for them. That
dialog: would be nice, wouldn't it?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I don't know how to ask this
dialog: properly, but did your daughter
dialog: have a ... background of... heroics?
speaker_heading: GERALDINE
text: No. No. Just an ordinary girl.
dialog: Just our Karen.
speaker_heading: JOEL
text: A little more stubborn than most.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I'm just trying to ... understand
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: GERALDINE
dialog: She wasn't a remarkable girl...
dialog: woman. To us she was, of course,
dialog: but by most standards, I guess --
dialog: nothing much remarkable about her.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Well, she was a female helicopter
dialog: pilot. That's still rare enough
dialog: to be remarkable.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 101.
speaker_heading: JOEL
dialog: That's my fault. We took her to
dialog: the fair, when she was ... eleven.
speaker_heading: GERALDINE
text: Twelve. Seventh grade.
speaker_heading: JOEL
text: There was a helicopter there, a
text: small one, with the bubble up front,
dialog: we called it a whirlybird. The
text: fella, the pilot, was selling rides.
dialog: I bought Karen a ticket. It wasa
dialog: short ride, but when she came
dialog: down... I don't think she ever
dialog: came down, actually. After that
dialog: she was ... up there.
speaker_heading: GERALDINE
dialog: She went back every day for the
dialog: rest of the Fair. Used up all her
dialog: 4-H savings.
speaker_heading: JOEL
dialog: She didn't say much after the fair,
dialog: not a peep. Didn't go collecting
dialog: models of helicopters or go to air
dialog: shows or nothing.
speaker_heading: GERALDINE
text: Just shows up at the dinner table
text: one day, just before graduation.
dialog: She's joined the Army, she's going
dialog: to fly helicopters. I was pushing
dialog: her to be a nurse. She was always
dialog: so independent.
speaker_heading: JOEL
dialog: Got that from her mother. Stubborn,
dialog: too.
speaker_heading: GERALDINE
dialog: She was so proud when she got her
dialog: wings. We went to the graduation.
text: The little girl, ANNE MARIE, comes in. She looks like her
dialog: mother.
speaker_heading: ANNE MARIE
dialog: Gramma, can I make some Kool-Aid?
text: She looks at Serling, his uniform. It is a hard look for a
text: little girl. Serling is uncomfortable.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 102.
speaker_heading: GERALDINE
dialog: Sure, Anne Marie. You know where
dialog: it is.
text: The girl runs off, with another hard glance at Serling before
text: she is gone.
speaker_heading: GERALDINE
dialog: Sorry, but the young man who came
dialog: to tell us about Karen was dressed
dialog: just like you. She misses her
dialog: mama.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I understand. I have kids of my
dialog: own.
speaker_heading: JOEL
text: Her father is in Michigan. He and
dialog: Karen divorced after only a couple
dialog: of years. He wanted Karen to quit
dialog: the Army. My thinking was he never
text: got over Karen not taking his last
dialog: name. We have custody.
speaker_heading: GERALDINE
dialog: He didn't even fight it. Not that
dialog: I wanted him to but... guess he
dialog: has a new family... Anne Marie is
dialog: our saving grace. You have
dialog: children, you know. They are what
dialog: we live for. What we do it all
dialog: for. Treasure them while they're
dialog: here, Colonel. While you can.
text: There's not much to say after that. They are all quiet.
text: Children's laughter filters in from outside.
speaker_heading: JOEL
dialog: God, how I love that sound.
text: He smiles. So does Nat.
scene_heading: EXT. WALDEN HOUSE, DAY
text: The Waldens escort Nat to his car. He carries a foilwrapped
text: package. Serling opens the car door, takes out his keys.
speaker_heading: JOEL
dialog: If she gets this medal will we
dialog: meet the President?
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 103.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Probably.
speaker_heading: JOEL
dialog: I've got something to say to him.
speaker_heading: GERALDINE
dialog: Joel
speaker_heading: JOEL
dialog: I know that Kuwait thing wasn't
dialog: his cross to bear. I know that.
dialog: But I want him to know something.
dialog: If he gets ready to send our kids
dialog: off to fight he better have tried
dialog: everything he could to avoid it
dialog: first. I'm talking negotiating
dialog: like it was his own life -- or his
dialog: kid's. It seemed after Vietnam,
dialog: for a while there, we thought twice
dialog: before sending our kids in harms
dialog: way. Lately, though, it's more
dialog: like every time some half-assed
text: politician starts dipping in the
dialog: opinion polls he invades some
dialog: pisspot country. And American
dialog: kids die. If he's going to do
dialog: that -- it damned sure better be
dialog: worth it. Damned sure.
text: He is surprised at his own passion. He calms down.
speaker_heading: JOEL
dialog: (Softly)
dialog: That's what I want to tell him.
text: Serling shakes the man's hand.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I hope you do.
text: He gets in the car and drives away.
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM, NIGHT
text: The usual Holiday Inn motif. Serling sits in front of the
text: coffee table. On it a half-eaten Rice Krispie treat and
text: crumpled foil. And a bottle of whiskey. He stares at it.
text: Then he dials the phone.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 104.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: Hello, Serling residence, chaos is
dialog: our middle name.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Cute.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
speaker_heading: (V.0. filtered)
text: Nat. It's raining. Been raining
dialog: all day. The Gomez' kids have
dialog: been here all day. All day. Ten
dialog: kids. At full volume. How are
dialog: you, Nat?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Fine. Fine. I guess.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: You guess...
text: There is moment of silence.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: ...I have a bottle of George Dickel
dialog: in front of me. I don't want to
dialog: drink any of it. But...
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: Well...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That's a step in the right
dialog: direction. That you called.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I guess so. That doesn't help me
dialog: not drink it.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: You could toss it out the window.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I'm not sure these windows open.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: You know what I mean.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 105.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Yeah. But I'd go buy another one.
dialog: Or I'd go to the bar.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: Then the secret's not in the bottle,
dialog: but why you need it. Tell me that
dialog: one.
text: Now the pause is on Serling's side.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I can't.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I don't know. Cause I'm not sure
dialog: what it is yet?
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: Bullshit. Tell me.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Guess what I'm eating.
text: You can hear her sign, two thousand miles away.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: SERLING
text: Rice Krispie treats.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: Really? We made some today, the
dialog: kids and I. Lasted ten seconds.
dialog: Synchronicity.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: A nice old couple gave them to me.
dialog: I'd like us to be a nice old couple.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: So would I.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 106.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH (CONT'D)
dialog: It's a pledge of love on both sides
dialog: and all the emotion inherent in
dialog: that. But you know drinking from
dialog: that bottle won't help us in that
dialog: direction.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I suppose not.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: Does that help?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: A lot. Thanks Mer'.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: Any time.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I gotta go now.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: Will I see you soon?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Hope so. Gotta go.
text: He has to hang up or he'll cry.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: "Bye.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: "Bye.
dialog: There's fifteen years of love and affection behind those
text: goodbyes. Serling hangs up. He takes the bottle over to
text: the bathroom, opens it and pours it down the toilet. The
text: empty bottle goes into the waste basket. He goes back to
text: the room, looks around. Lonely. Cold. It's going to be
dialog: long night.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERT, NIGHT
text: Flame! Fire! Tanks blaze on the sand. Tank guns fire!
text: Serling sits in the turret seat of his tank, half-in, halfout.
text: He looks down into the tank. Patella is in gunner's position
text: at Serling's feet. He looks up at Serling.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 107.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: I need a target, sir.
text: The tank rocks. Something has hit it.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: We're taking fire, sir!
text: Serling looks out. A flaming round passes by his head in
text: slow motion. Another glances off the front of his tank.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Sir! We're taking fire!
text: Serling looks down inside again. The Assistant Gunner is
text: BOYLAN, the flaming man of Serling's nightmares. Boylan, on
text: fire, calmly loads a new round into the tank gun.
speaker_heading: BOYLAN
dialog: Round up!
text: Serling watches in horror as Boylan taps Patella on the
text: shoulder. And the flame leaps from to Boylan to Patella.
text: Both men are on fire, but ignore it.
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: Sir!?
text: Patella reaches up to touch Serling's leg with a flaming
text: hand. The fire attaches itself to Serling and works it's
text: way up his body. In the flickering flames Serling's face is
text: revealed. A frightened man. Stark, naked fear.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Fire! For God's sake! Fire!
speaker_heading: PATELLA
dialog: On the way!
text: And he pushes a button. The tank rocks as the gun fires!
scene_heading: INT. HOTEL ROOM, NIGHT
text: Serling wakes from his nightmare, soaked with sweat, gasping
dialog: for breath.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT, MORNING
text: Serling had a rough night. He is at a phone in the airport.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 108.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Well, General, I've got one
text: eyewitness who recites the
dialog: recommendation like he was reading
dialog: it to the rest of the class. She's
dialog: a hero. I've got another that
dialog: says it's all a lie, she was a
dialog: coward or incompetent or both.
dialog: And the last says no comment, she
dialog: was a bitch on wheels. But they
dialog: all have this in common. They
dialog: want me to stop.
scene_heading: GEN. HERSHBERG
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: And what are you going to do, Nat?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Carry on, sir, with your permission.
scene_heading: GEN. HERSHBERG
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: By all means, carry on, Nat. I've
dialog: got to go. Banachek has some
dialog: message for you.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Thank you, sir.
speaker_heading: BANACHEK
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: Nat. I've got a call here froma
text: Sergeant Altameyer, Fort Benning.
dialog: Says he need to talk. Says he
dialog: left something out.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Then I guess I'm on my way to
dialog: Benning. Talk to you later,
dialog: Colonel.
speaker_heading: BANACHEK
dialog: (V.0., filtered)
dialog: You, too, Nat.
text: Serling hangs up, frowning.
scene_heading: EXT. OBSTACLE COURSE, NIGHT
text: The Rangers are going through the obstacle course, a big
text: muddy field with barbed wire constructions, culverts, tunnels
dialog: and anything else that can make going difficult.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 109.
text: Then there are the explosions tossing up mud and the gunfire
text: from an M-16 wielding cadre. The most unpleasant one hundred
dialog: yards you'll ever traverse in your life. The students
text: scramble through it in teams. One team leader makes it. Or
text: thinks so. Altameyer gets in the team leader's face.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: What the fuck are you doing,
dialog: soldier!? Where are your men?
text: The team leader turns to show his men. But Altameyer points
text: to the course. One man hopelessly tangled up in the barbed
text: wire, left behind.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: You don't leave a man behind!
dialog: Look at me when I'm talking to
dialog: you, soldier! You never leave a
dialog: man behind! Never! You're
dialog: brothers! He depends on you! You
dialog: depend on him!
text: He goes over the top, starts pushing the soldier around.
text: The C.0. intervenes. Altameyer is dressed down, sent away.
text: And Serling steps into his path.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You're looking for me, Sergeant?
text: Altameyer is surprised.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Yeah, yes, sir. Uh, how about we
dialog: go for a ride?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I'd rather we talk someplace quiet.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: I'm doing the talking. You want
dialog: to hear it, sir, you'll have to be
dialog: in my car.
text: Serling hesitates, then follows Altameyer to his car. They
text: get into the Saleen Mustang. Altameyer drives off the Post.
scene_heading: INT. MUSTANG
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Might lose my gig with the Rangers.
dialog: C.0.'s pissed at me. Probably
dialog: send me to the regular Infantry.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 110.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER (CONT'D)
dialog: That's okay. Let him. Infantry
dialog: man. It's not a career, it'sa
dialog: shitty job. When you join up do
dialog: they tell you in the job description
dialog: that you're supposed to kill people?
dialog: I mean, you'd think that's a given,
dialog: but...
text: He takes a bottle of liquor from under the passenger seat
text: uncaps it,
dialog: He offers
text: He laughs.
text: takes a big swig.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Don't give me any shit about
dialog: drinking and driving, sir. I'm
dialog: not in the mood. Have some.
text: the bottle to Serling.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: No, thanks, I'm trying to quit.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Me. Too, after this bottle.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You have something to tell me?
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Roger that, sir, 'deed I do, sir.
dialog: Soon as I figure out what it is I
dialog: will relay that information. You
dialog: ever kill anyone, sir?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: You know, you can talk about killing
dialog: somebody. Wolf talk, you know.
dialog: "I'll kill you motherfucker, I'll
dialog: waste your ugly ass." We all say
dialog: it. But killing somebody... it's
dialog: a hard thing to do. Easy to pull
dialog: the trigger. Hard to live with.
dialog: Know what I mean?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I know exactly.
text: He empties the bottle, tosses it out the window.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 111.
text: He laughs,
dialog: Altameyer
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: I killed people that day. That
dialog: night. Out in the desert. I don't
dialog: remember much about them. Little
dialog: figures falling over. I sawa
text: couple of faces, but none stayed.
dialog: A dude with a mustache, I can
dialog: remember him if I try. But Captain
text: Walden's face. Her face... she's
dialog: looking at me whenever I close my
text: eyes. Nothing gets rid of her.
text: Dope, booze ... praying. Even
dialog: tried that. Nothing works.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Are you telling me you...
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: I'm telling you shit. Just shut
dialog: the fuck up and listen... sir.
text: but it doesn't work. This is a tortured man.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: It's the grey areas that get you.
dialog: You know, right or wrong, black
dialog: and white... Who'd ever think
dialog: killing would be a grey area.
dialog: It's wrong to kill someone. That's
dialog: one of the black and whites, one
dialog: of the Ten Commandments. Then you
dialog: get in the Army. You kill people.
dialog: It's part of the job, they say.
dialog: You kill someone, the Army says
dialog: it's okay -- then it's okay. Maybe
dialog: that makes it okay for them, but
dialog: it don't make it okay for you.
dialog: Know what I mean?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I think so.
text: looks at him, desperate for help.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Tell me, sir, tell me.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: It's a struggle every day, finding
dialog: out what's right or wrong. Most
dialog: people don't even want to wade
dialog: into those waters. That's why we
dialog: have religion, Codes of Conduct,
dialog: to sort it out for us.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 112.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: But they don't help a bit when it
dialog: cuts to the bone, do they?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Well... they... No. What does
dialog: this have to do with Captain Walden?
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Everything. Everything.
text: He reaches under his seat, pulls out a .45, aims it at
text: Serling! Serling stiffens. There is nowhere to go. He
text: looks. They are speeding down a rural road. A train runs
text: parallel to them. Altameyer punches it, passing the train.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: I always liked trains. Since I
dialog: was a kid. They're big, black,
dialog: strong, tough. Iron. If I ever
dialog: boxed pro, I was going to call
dialog: myself Howard "Night Train"
dialog: Altameyer. What do you think
dialog: Colonel, don't that have a nice
dialog: ring to it? "Night Train".
text: He is ahead of the train, makes a turn, comes up to the
text: tracks, stops on the tracks. Serling can see the train
text: coming, light on. Serling's hand goes to the door handle.
text: Altameyer pokes the gun into Serling's chest.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Altameyer.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Shut up! Sir...
text: The train sounds the whistle, rushing at them.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: I do love trains. Ain't that
dialog: whistle pretty? Listen to it.
text: It sounds again. The train is closer.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: But the train off track ain't worth
dialog: shit. It's just ... scrap iron.
text: He pulls the gun away. The train is roaring at them.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: I lost my tracks, sir. There in
dialog: that desert. Get out.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 113.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Altameyer...
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: GET OUT!
text: Serling gets out. Altameyer turns the car, faces the oncoming
text: train. Serling grabs Altameyer's door. Altameyer floors
text: it. The Saleen Mustang kicks in the turbo. Serling is torn
text: loose. The Saleen rushes at the train. The whistle sounds.
text: Then they meet. A horrendous crash! The Saleen
text: disintegrates! Explodes! Serling has to run to get out of
text: the way of the flying wreckage.
text: The train slows as best it can with a loud screeching and
text: hiss. Serling can only stare sadly at the mess left of
text: Altameyer and his car.
scene_heading: INT. MP STATION, NIGHT
text: Serling, very tired, is on the phone in the MP headquarters,
text: a police station with fatigues.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Well, sir, I'd like you to call
dialog: the Fort San Houston Provost
dialog: Marshall and have them detain
dialog: Specialist Ilario.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Substance abuse, trafficking.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I don't know if they'll stick. I
dialog: don't care. I just want them to
dialog: hold him.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: I think there's grounds, yes, sir.
dialog: (beat )
dialog: Just hold him. I'm on my way.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Thank you, sir. I'll call you
dialog: from Texas. Sorry for the late
dialog: hour.
text: He hangs up, turns to an MP.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I need a ride to my car.
scene_heading: EXT. FORT SAM HOUSTON, DAY
text: Serling drives onto the Post.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 114.
scene_heading: INT. BARRACKS, DAY
text: Serling stands in front of a room where two MP's are
text: stationed. A First Lieutenant briefs him.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: We found a whole drugstore in his
dialog: foot locker, plus drug
dialog: paraphernalia, needles and such in
dialog: every little cubby hole. Likea
text: packrat with a Jones.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: But no Ilario.
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Not hide nor hair. But we're on
dialog: the lookout. So are the San Antonio
dialog: Police.
text: Serling nods.
text: He goes out.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: How long are those souvenir shops
dialog: open at the Alamo? I have to get
dialog: some T-shirts for my kids. I...
dialog: uh forgot last time I was here.
dialog: I'll be back at say, 1800 hours.
dialog: Your office?
speaker_heading: LIEUTENANT
dialog: Fine. See you then, Colonel.
dialog: Maybe we'll have something by then.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Let's hope so.
scene_heading: EXT. FORT SAM HOUSTON, DAY
text: Serling leaves the Post, in the heart of urban San Antonio.
text: A car just outside the gate pulls in behind Serling. It
text: follows him into downtown. It is Ilario.
scene_heading: EXT. PARKING GARAGE
text: Serling parks in a public parking structure. Ilario parks
text: on the street. He goes to a pay phone, dials, talks. Serling
text: comes out of the garage. Ilario hangs up, follows.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 115.
scene_heading: EXT. THE ALAMO, DAY
text: Serling stands in front of the Alamo again, bag of T-shirts
text: in hand. He looks down. At his feet is a brass plaque.
text: The line that Colonel Travis drew in the sand.
speaker_heading: ILARIO (0.S.)
text: The line between the heroes and
dialog: the cowards.
text: Serling turns to look at Ilario.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: A pretty thin line. I wonder how
dialog: many "heroes" didn't cross it
dialog: because they were more afraid of
dialog: being called a coward than they
dialog: were scared of dying.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I was just thinking the same thing.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Wanna talk?
text: Serling nods.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: This way.
text: Ilario leads him away.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: You turned me in. How'd you know?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: The sad fact is, if you command in
dialog: today's Army you have to keep an
dialog: eye out for all kinds of substance
dialog: abuse. What are you using?
dialog: Morphine?
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Anything. Anything to kill the
dialog: pain.
text: He is taking Serling to the river. They find a seat ona
text: riverfront bench. This is the San Antonio River walk, where
text: the river cuts through the center of downtown, a walkway on
text: each side, trees over hanging the water -- stores,
text: restaurants, hotels lining the walk. Dark, secluded,
dialog: peaceful.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 116.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: I want to tell you what happened
dialog: to Captain Walden.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Let me make a phone call. Some
dialog: people are expecting me at eighteen
dialog: hundred hours.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: No phone call. I do this now or
dialog: not at all. You just might call
dialog: the MP's on my ass.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Okay, talk.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: What time is it?
text: Serling looks at his watch.
scene_heading: EXT. BASE CAMP, SAUDI ARABIA, DAY
text: Walden looks at her watch, then the sky. There is desert as
text: far as you can see, a few Army tanks, MP's, a few trucks. A
text: little olive drab oasis.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: I'm going to check with Teegarden
dialog: again.
text: Rady, Monfriez, Ilario and Altameyer play cards on the deck
text: of the Huey. Rady waits for Walden to be out of earshot.
speaker_heading: RADY
dialog: Leave it alone, will you? It's
dialog: not our mission. She's going to
dialog: put us in a world of hurt with
dialog: this gung-ho shit.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: You're in a world of hurt unless
dialog: you start paying attention to your
dialog: cards. Captain W's okay. Takes
dialog: care of her ship.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: And her crew.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: And her crew. Our job is to help
dialog: people, remember.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 117.
speaker_heading: RADY
dialog: They call and say Fowler needs a
dialog: Medevac, I'm there. It's not our
dialog: mission to wander around No Man's
text: Land looking for trouble. Raise.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: You got trouble right here. Raise
dialog: you, five.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: If it was you out there, you'd
dialog: want every aircraft in the
text: hemisphere out looking. Pass.
text: Walden comes back.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: We're on. Let's get in the air.
dialog: Altameyer, Major Teegarden wants
dialog: to see you.
text: Altameyer looks worried. Rady tosses down his cards, with a
dialog: lot more force than needed.
scene_heading: FADE OUT - FADE IN
text: Walden's Huey takes off. Teegarden watches until the dust
text: obliterates his view.
scene_heading: FADE OUT - FADE IN
text: The sand swirls around the parked Huey. Inside the helicopter
text: the crew wait it out.
speaker_heading: RADY
dialog: I say we go back. This beer can
dialog: with a rotor can't take much more
dialog: of this sandblasting.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Maybe this isn't one of your
dialog: precious Blackhawks, but she'll do
dialog: the job. When the last Blackhawk
text: is towed to the junkyard, the crew
text: will fly home in a Huey.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: We'll wait for it to blow over,
text: then try a few more clicks up the
dialog: river.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 118.
speaker_heading: RADY
dialog: But all this sand in the intakes...
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Monfriez?
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: She's fine, Captain. It ain't
dialog: healthy, but it ain't going to
dialog: kill her.
speaker_heading: RADY
dialog: What about the rotor blades?
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Rady, shut up.
speaker_heading: RADY
dialog: You don't have to prove you've got
dialog: more balls than a man to make Major.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Rady, goddamnit.
speaker_heading: RADY
dialog: I'm asking for a transfer out soon
dialog: as we get back.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: What, Christmas comes early this
text: year? Looks like it's clearing.
dialog: Let's get. I've got sand in places
dialog: I didn't know I had places.
text: They crank up.
scene_heading: FADE OUT - FADE IN
dialog: They fly.
speaker_heading: RADY
text: What's that? The main rotor sounds
dialog: funny.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Now you're the Crew chief, Rady?
dialog: The Crew Chief says we're air
dialog: worthy. The Crew Chief is the
dialog: final word on that. Now I told
dialog: you to shut up.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 119.
speaker_heading: WALDEN (CONT'D)
dialog: If you don't keep your conversation
dialog: limited to the requirements of
dialog: keeping this craft in the air I
dialog: will haul your ass up for a Court
dialog: Martial and you won't need a
dialog: transfer.
text: Ilario and Monfriez share a conspirational smile. Chalk one
dialog: up for the Captain.
scene_heading: FADE OUT - FADE IN
text: The Huey flies along the river. Altameyer is watching out
text: one door, Monfriez the other, both searching the river banks.
text: Ilario searches over Altameyer's shoulder, talking to him.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Both Captain Walden and I flew
dialog: with Fowler at Hood. Captain "Ww"
dialog: was the co-pilot, I was the Medic.
dialog: When Captain "W" got her bird she
dialog: took me with her.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Ilario's the only one who can treat
dialog: my sinus allergies.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Local bee honey.
scene_heading: FADE OUT - FADE IN
text: The Huey comes around the bend and upon the crashed Blackhawk.
text: Men can be seen in the rubble firing weapons.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: You see Fowler?! What are they
dialog: shooting at?!
text: BOOM! The enemy tank fires! Ilario's question is answered.
text: The tail of the Blackhawk is blown off!
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Altameyer, there's your target!
text: She banks the chopper.
text: Altameyer fires. The bullets do little damage. Altameyer,
text: adrenaline pumping, keeps firing after they pass the tank.
dialog: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Cease fire! Cease fire! I'll try
dialog: another run.
speaker_heading: RADY
dialog: We should go for altitude! Call
dialog: Air Rescue! Get the fuck outta
dialog: here!
text: Walden banks the Huey, gets ready for another run.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: We'll make another try. Rady get
dialog: on the horn to the AWACs, give 'em
dialog: our coordinates! Here you go,
dialog: Altameyer.
text: They pass again. Altameyer fires. MIlario is scared.
dialog: 120.
dialog: Holes
text: are appearing in the Huey. He stares at one near his head,
text: transfixed in fear. Rady is staring out his window.
speaker_heading: RADY
dialog: That didn't do shit. You might as
dialog: will piss on a rock.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Rady, get on the phone! Monfriez,
dialog: status? L
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Stable. Nothing prime. Rady's
dialog: right, Cap, we'd need a jet with a
text: two-ton bomb to take out that tank.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: We're not a jet, but we've got a
text: couple of bombs. Monfriez, unstrap
dialog: the spare fuel pods! Altameyer,
dialog: get the flare gun.
speaker_heading: RADY
dialog: What? What do you think are,
dialog: Walden, a jet jockey? Go get a
dialog: fucking Cobra! This is not our
dialog: mission!
text: BOOM! The tank fires again!
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Rady, just get on the phone to the
dialog: AWACS. We don't stop that tank
dialog: there won't be anything left to
dialog: rescue! Let me know, Monfriez.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 121.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Ready, Cap!
text: Not quite, he's still fumbling with the straps. Altameyer
text: is scrambling to load the flare gun. Ilario is braced in
text: his seat, frozen in fear.
scene_heading: FADE OUT - FADE IN
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: One more time, gentlemen. I know
dialog: you can do it.
speaker_heading: RADY
dialog: We need that fuel to get back!
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: We've got more than enough to
dialog: return, Rady. Get on the radio.
dialog: Call in our position. That's an
dialog: order. Here we go.
text: She banks over the tank. Monfriez drops the fuel pod. It
text: hits. Altameyer fires the flare gun! The tank bursts into
text: flame. Ground fire rakes the Huey. The chopper goes out of
text: control. It whirls! Rady screams! There's blood on his
text: window. Ilario hugs the wall. Walden tries to get control.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Mayday! Mayday! Dust Off Three
dialog: 1S...
scene_heading: FADE OUT - FADE IN
text: Ilario bends over Rady, who has been hauled into the back of
text: the chopper. He presses a flap of scalp back over the shiny
text: skull, wipes the blood from Rady's face. Ilario is calm --
text: this is what he knows how to do and he takes comfort in it.
text: Walden is on the radio, clicking through the channels.
text: Altameyer blazes away with the 240 out one door. Next to
text: him, Monfriez does the same with the M-16.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: We gotta get out of here. There's
dialog: hundreds of them! We can't fight
dialog: this!
speaker_heading: ILARIO
text: One lung, through and through.
text: Filling with blood, fast.
dialog: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Call for help! Call for help!
speaker_heading: WALDEN
text: Radio's dead.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: The Blackhawk! They have more
dialog: men! More firepower! We'll be
dialog: safe there.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
text: Bad scalp wound. Into the brain.
dialog: Concussion at least.
dialog: 
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Yeah, the Blackhawk! We'll be
dialog: safe there! Let's go.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Ilario, can we move him?
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: I wouldn't. He's barely maintaining
dialog: as it is.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Monfriez, go to the other door!
dialog: We're taking fire there.
text: He obeys.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: I'll lay covering fire! Get to
dialog: those rocks! Then you do the same
dialog: for me!
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: We're not leaving Rady.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: What?!
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: He wouldn't make it. Altameyer,
dialog: conserve ammo. We might be here a
dialog: while.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: We gotta get out of here!
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: We're not going anywhere.
dialog: 122.
dialog: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: We can't fight. We don't have...
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: TAKE YOUR POSITIONS!
dialog: They do.
scene_heading: FADE OUT - FADE IN
dialog: 123.
text: Ilario stares out at the night, scared, every noise makes
text: him jump. Altameyer is at one door, Monfriez the other.
text: Walden, Beretta out, sits next to a bandaged Rady.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: You know at dawn we're dead.
dialog: They'll have reinforcements. We
dialog: have to get to the Blackhawk before
text: first light.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: It's so dark you can't see your
dialog: hand in front of your face. Now's
dialog: the time to do it. Slip right by
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: I told you, Rady can't be moved.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
text: Rady's dead. He'll never make it.
dialog: You know that, I know that.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: You don't even like him. All he
dialog: did was give you grief. Now you're
dialog: going to die for the prick? I say
dialog: we go.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: So do I. Ilario?
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: I just want to get out of here.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: It's a majority.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: That would be great if this was a
dialog: democracy -- but it isn't. We
dialog: stay with Rady.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 124.
speaker_heading: WALDEN (CONT'D)
dialog: I don't like him, but he's one of
dialog: mine. I wouldn't leave one of you
dialog: behind. I won't leave him.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Maybe if we surrendered the rag
dialog: heads would doctor him up.
text: Walden looks at him, hard.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: No surrender.
scene_heading: FADE OUT - FADE IN
text: Ilario checks Rady's IV. Ilario's hands are trembling. He
text: glances out into the night. Walden takes one of his hands
text: in hers, smiles. He calms down a bit.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: I hear something out there, I tell
dialog: you. I can't see it, but I hear
text: it. They're closing in.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Of course they are. What would
dialog: you do? I say we make for the
text: Blackhawk now.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: And I say we've heard enough of
dialog: that shit. Now. Can it.
text: Monfriez looks at her, fingers the M-16.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Maybe we should surrender.
text: It's a mumble. The others ignore him.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: You don't have to go with us,
dialog: Captain. We don't even need your
dialog: permission.
text: That gets Altameyer and Ilario's attention.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Give me the M-16, Monfriez.
text: He looks at her. She raises the Beretta from her lap.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 125.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: You may run, but I'm not letting
dialog: you take our firepower with you.
text: She takes the M-16 from Monfriez.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Are you going to take my gun away,
dialog: too?
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: If I have to.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: You just might.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: (softly)
dialog: They might treat us okay. I can
dialog: make a white flag.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Give it back.
text: She turns to face Monfriez. He has his Beretta aimed at
text: her. That jerks Ilario back to reality.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Guys...
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: She's trying to get us killed.
dialog: It's us or her. Who you with,
dialog: Ilario?
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Cap... Rady's finished.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: That your expert opinion, Ilario?
dialog: He'll never recover. If he was
dialog: out in a field somewhere and we
dialog: came to Medevac Rady, you'd body
dialog: bag him? You'd leave him behind?
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Yes.
text: It is word filled with shame, a blatant lie.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
text: At least he's ashamed to say it.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 126.
text: She looks at Altameyer, who glares back. Then Ilario, who
text: can't meet her eyes. Then back at Monfriez and the gun aimed
text: at her.
text: Quickly she raises her pistol and fires! Monfriez fires
text: back. Walden takes the bullet in her stomach. But her shot
text: at Monfriez went past his shoulder. A ragged Iraqi falls on
text: top of Monfriez, a bullet in his face.
text: Suddenly they are in a firefight. Altameyer and Monfriez
text: fire into the dark. Muzzle flashes reveal the dozen enemy
text: who have crept up on both sides of the Huey.
text: Ilario crouches in a fetal position next to Rady, whimpering
text: in fear. Walden uses the M-16 and Beretta.
text: Then it is over. Quiet. They all stare into the night.
text: Nothing. Then they look back at each other. Walden bleeds
text: from the stomach. She is in pain as she jerkily grabs a
text: magazine from the floor and reloads the M-16, then her
text: Beretta. Monfriez is reloading his Beretta.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: We gotta out of here. They'll try
dialog: again. Give me the 16, Cap.
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: You're wounded, ma'am. Give him
dialog: the 16. We gotta go. We'll carry
dialog: you.
text: She aims the M-16 at Altameyer.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Give me the 240.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: You won't shoot.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: The mood I'm in right now,
dialog: Altameyer, I'd empty a magazine
dialog: into your hide, reload and do it
dialog: all over again.
text: He looks at her, the M-16 pointed at him, then her again He
text: hands over the 240.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
text: Pistols, too.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 127.
text: They hand over their pistols. Ilario, roused from his
text: paralysis, moves to her with a bandage. She points the
text: Beretta at him. He freezes.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: You're wounded, Cap.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: You're with them.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: What are you going to do, keep
dialog: watch on us all night? You're
dialog: hurt. You're tired. You won't
dialog: last 'til first light.
text: She doesn't answer, shifts her position, gasps from the pain
text: that shoots through her. Monfriez moves forward. She points
text: the Beretta at him.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: What if they attack again?
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: You'll get your weapons back.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: By the time you give 'em back it
dialog: might be too late.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
text: It's already too late.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: You can't stay awake. You won't
text: last to first light.
text: She just stares at him, grimly determined. Ilario starts
text: crying. For himself? For her? Hard to tell.
scene_heading: FADE OUT - FADE IN
text: Walden is heavy-eyed. Altameyer, Monfriez and Ilario watch
text: her. Ilario is tired, scared, sick of the situation, of
text: himself. The M-16 barrel slowly drifts down. Walden's head
text: drops, eyes ease closed. Monfriez moves toward one of the
text: pistols. Walden's head pops up, eyes jerk open. She points
text: the Beretta at him. The M-16 muzzle goes up to check
text: Altameyer's movement. The sun is rising. Light glows behind
text: the ridgeline. Two silhouetted figures scramble over the
text: rocky line. Altameyer sees it.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 128.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Aw, fuck me. Here they come.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: I've got movement over here, too.
dialog: What now! Captain?
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Give me my gun for God's sake.
dialog: Christ...
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Ilario, how's Rady?
speaker_heading: ILARIO
text: Still breathing.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: What are you going to do, Captain?
dialog: Fight them all by yourself? She
text: frowns, weak, thinking slow.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
dialog: Give me my gun, Captain. C'mon...
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: What are you going to do, Captain?
text: Ilario is overwhelmed, looking at Walden.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Cap, let me look at that wound. I
dialog: won't do anything. I promise. I
dialog: swear. Please.
text: She looks at him, thinking about it. She's in a bad way.
speaker_heading: ALTAMEYER
text: They're getting close.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: What are you going to do, Captain?
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Please...
text: He's hurting as much as she is.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: What's that?
text: Everybody freezes. Choppers. That distinctive sound. They
dialog: search the skies. Gunfire!
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 129.
text: The enemy begin their attack on the grounded Huey and
text: Blackhawk. Everyone hits the deck. Bullets perforate the
text: Huey's body. The rescue team arrives. The Cobras strafe!
text: Teegarden lands his chopper.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Go! I'll cover for you!
text: Altameyer and Monfriez hit the ground, crouching, ready to
text: run to Teegarden's chopper. Walden begins firing the 240.
text: Altameyer and Monfriez run. They are hit, go down, get up
text: and continue. Walden empties the 240, grabs the M-16. Ilario
text: is still there.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Go! Go!
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: I'll send back a stretcher.
text: Walden smiles at him.
speaker_heading: WALDEN
dialog: Two stretchers. Now go!
text: He runs to Teegarden's Huey. Breakneck running, blind panic,
text: bullets kicking up rocks and dirt all around him. He gets
text: to it. The Crew Chief hauls him aboard.
scene_heading: INT. TEEGARDEN'S HUEY
text: Monfriez is leaning across to shout to Teegarden.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Walden and Rady are dead!
speaker_heading: TEEGARDEN
dialog: Both dead?!
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Dead! Let's get out of here!
text: Teegarden lifts the Huey away. Ilario looks at Monfriez and
text: Altameyer. Both stare him down. He looks out the chopper
text: door. The jets drop their bombs on the Huey. White
text: phosphorus explodes, brilliant blossoms of fire bloom on the
text: desert. White smoke, white fire. And death.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 130.
scene_heading: EXT. SAN ANTONIO RIVER, NIGHT
text: The street light flickers and comes on. Ilario stares at
text: it, sitting on the bench. Serling, standing over him, looks
text: at the ground.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: We talked. Monfriez said she would
dialog: have Court Martialed us. Altameyer
dialog: agreed. Who knows? She was
text: probably killed by enemy fire before
dialog: the jets came. Who knows?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: You really believe that?
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: No.
text: And he weeps. Serling waits.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: I figured out what all those
dialog: veterans have in common. Fear.
dialog: They've all been scared as they
dialog: will ever get. They've plumbed
text: the bottom of fear. Petrified
dialog: scared. Until your heart stops,
dialog: your lungs can't get air, scared
dialog: sick. And nothing can ever scare
dialog: you like that again. You've seen
dialog: yourself at your worst and so...
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I think you're right, Ilario.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: You do?
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I did something in Desert Storm.
dialog: Everybody said I made the best
dialog: decision I could at the moment.
dialog: They thought that it was a tactical
dialog: decision. But only I know that I
dialog: made the, call out of fear. Sheer,
text: stark naked fear for my own life.
dialog: And I was wrong. Some men died.
dialog: They can justify it all they want,
dialog: but deep down inside I know I did
dialog: what I did because I was just ..
dialog: plain, simple scared. It's okay
dialog: to be scared in combat.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 131.
speaker_heading: SERLING (CONT'D)
dialog: It makes sense. But when it
dialog: overrides your duty -- you've
text: crossed a line. We both crossed
dialog: the same line, Specialist. Let's
dialog: get you some help.
text: He offers a hand to Ilario. Ilario takes it, selfconsciously
text: rises. Looks at Serling's watch.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: You have to get out of here.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Altameyer was supposed to kill
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: So? He didn't.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ (0.S.)
dialog: So I'm here to finish the job.
text: Serling turns. Monfriez stands there. CAR-15 with a homemade
text: silencer at his side.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Good work, Ilario. I told you
dialog: you'd find a way to keep him here.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: You're not going to kill him. The
dialog: killing is done.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: No, it isn't. I'm not going to
dialog: Leavenworth just because you
dialog: couldn't hold your water.
text: He raises the gun and points it at Serling. Ilario, steps
dialog: between them.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: I won't let you. You'll have to
dialog: kill me first.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Okay.
text: And he shoots. Ilario takes a slug in the chest, goes down!
text: Serling tosses his T-shirts into Monfriez face.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 132.
text: Then kicks Monfriez into the river! Monfriez goes under
text: with a big splash! Serling goes to Ilario. Ilario looks at
text: the hole in his chest.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Now I know what to do here...
text: He is dazed.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I'm going for help.
text: He starts down the walkway, looking for an open door.
text: Monfriez climbs out of the water. He still has the gun. He
text: fires! Bullets tear up the door Serling is knocking on. He
text: runs to another, locked also. He pounds on it. The glass
text: shatters in a window next to Serling. More gunfire!
text: Serling runs down the walkway alongside the river. Monfriez
text: pursues -- fires. Serling is hit. A bullet tears through
text: his side. He falters. Monfriez comes running. Serling
text: gathers his strength and runs to a building under
text: construction. He staggers past the "No Trespassing" tape,
text: knocks down the crude barrier.
scene_heading: INT. BUILDING, NIGHT
text: A maze of half-completed walls, rebar poking out everywhere,
text: half-connected plumbing, scattered stacks of pipe and cement
text: bags. Serling runs in and ducks behind the cement bags.
text: They erupt into grey dust as Monfriez shoots at him.
text: Serling tosses a piece of pipe at Monfriez and runs. They
text: play hide and seek in the maze. Serling plays every nook
text: and cranny, every shadow and blind spot. But Monfriez is
text: unflagging. He pursues, gun ready, occasionally tossing off
text: a shot to force Serling to run. Which Serling does and trips
text: over a pile of lumber. He falls! Monfriez comes after him.
text: Serling tries to rise, the lumber scatters beneath him and
text: he falls again. Monfriez is above him. The gun is leveled
text: at Serling.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Sorry it's only a one-gun salute,
dialog: Colonel.
speaker_heading: WHAM!
text: Monfriez is hit from behind! He falls. It's Ilario, wielding
text: a length of pipe. JIlario jumps Monfriez. They fall into a
text: tangle of flailing arms and legs. The CAR-15 erupts. Bullets
text: fly. Serling has to duck! Ilario is thrown back. Monfriez
text: rises. Serling tosses a bag of cement at him! It explodes!
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 133.
text: Monfriez goes down again, dust all over him. He has dust in
text: his eyes. But he fires the CAR-15, blindly, wildly. Serling
text: grabs Ilario and runs. Slower now, their wounds and the
text: fight draining them. They make a turn, go down a hall,
text: another turn. Dead end. Nothing but cement block, bare
dialog: conduit.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: Shit.
text: Serling looks around, desperate. On the floor, welding
text: apparatus. Against the wall, a wheeled table for the
text: electrician. They can hear Monfriez coming.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ (0.S.)
dialog: C'mon guys. Take it like a man.
text: Ilario slumps against the wall. Serling looks for a way
text: out. There is none.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Like you did in the desert,
dialog: Monfriez?
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ (0.S.)
dialog: I did what I had to do.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Because you were afraid.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ (0.S.)
dialog: I wanted to survive.
text: Serling finds a wrench on the floor. A bigass monkey wrench.
text: He hefts it in his hand. A weapon. He looks at Ilario, who
text: shakes his head sadly.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: What about taking care of your
dialog: fellow soldier?
text: He looks at the acetylene tank, goes to it and tries to lift
text: it. He can't. He looks at Ilario.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ (0.S.)
dialog: That's all bullshit.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: No, it isn't. Ilario just proved
dialog: it. He saved my life.
text: He looks at Ilario, imploring. Ilario gets up, helps lift
text: the tank. It is heavy. Both men are in great pain. They
text: put it on the cart.
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 134.
text: Serling puts the cart in the middle of the corridor.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Not for long.
text: And he is at the end of the narrow hall. He smiles.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: Let's see how brave you are,
dialog: Colonel.
text: He comes at them. Serling raises the monkey wrench. Monfriez
text: looks at it.
speaker_heading: MONFRIEZ
dialog: You'll never get close enough to
dialog: use it.
text: And he keeps coming. Serling brings the wrench down -- on
text: the acetylene tank nozzle. The nozzle breaks off! Gas shoots
text: out of the tank at a fierce rate.
text: The tank is propelled down the hall like a rocket, the wheels
text: of the cart sing. The tank and cart ricochet off both walls.
text: Monfriez doesn't know which way to jump. Sparks fly as metal
text: grinds against concrete. The gas ignites. The tank goes
text: faster. It hits Monfriez in the chest. Blows him into the
text: back wall. Through the wall!!! Both Monfriez and the tank
text: arc out over the river. They splash into it. Serling and
text: Ilario stagger, limp to the hole in the wall. They look
text: down. In time to see Monfriez bob to the surface. Dead.
text: Chest crushed.
scene_heading: EXT. RIVER WALK, NIGHT
text: The paramedics work on Ilario while Serling, also bandaged,
text: watches. Ilario, critiques the paramedics.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: You guys are good.
speaker_heading: PARAMEDIC
dialog: This is the city. We get a lot of
dialog: practice on bullet wounds.
text: The medics finish for the moment. Serling looks at Ilario.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: I kind of owed it to Captain Walden.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 135.
speaker_heading: ILARIO (CONT'D)
dialog: It's what she would have done.
dialog: She's the real thing.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: So are you.
text: Ilario, laughs derisively. It hurts.
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: At the wrong time.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: That's how it works. We all have
dialog: the potential to be a hero or a
dialog: coward. We're just human.
dialog: Sometimes we're scared --
dialog: sometimes... Like you said -- it's
text: a fine line. We all live astride
dialog: it.
text: The paramedics escort them both to the ambulance.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: The secret is to admit to the
dialog: weakest part of ourselves, accept
dialog: it and...
speaker_heading: ILARIO
dialog: And what, sir?
text: Serling doesn't know the answer until he says it.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: ...and ask for help when we're too
dialog: weak to do it ourselves. That's
dialog: true bravery.
text: A door has been opened to him. He is still contemplating
text: what he said when the ambulance door closes on them.
scene_heading: INT. WHITE HOUSE, DAY
text: A ceremony. A couple of suits, a couple of Generals, an
text: Honor Guard, General Hershberg, Major Teegarden, the President
text: of the United States, and at the center of attention, Joel,
text: Geraldine and little Anne Marie Walden. Colonel Banachek
text: reads from the citation.
speaker_heading: BANACHEK
dialog: ...Captain Walden's courage under
dialog: fire, conspicuous gallantry,
speaker_heading: (MORE )
text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 136.
speaker_heading: BANACHEK (CONT'D)
dialog: intrepidity and supreme dedication
dialog: to her comrades, her extraordinary
dialog: valor and inspirational supreme
dialog: sacrifice were in keeping with the
dialog: highest traditions of the military
dialog: service and reflected utmost credit
text: on herself, her unit and the U.S.
dialog: Army.
text: The medal, glorious in repose in a velvet box, is given to
dialog: the little girl by the President himself. And Joel Walden
text: turns to our Supreme Commander.
speaker_heading: JOEL
dialog: Mr. President. Could I have a
dialog: word?
scene_heading: EXT. SERLING HOUSE, DAY
text: Serling and Patella get out of Serling's car and walk up to
dialog: the house.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: She's still a hero. The rest of
dialog: it would only muddy the waters.
dialog: Let it rest. Two of the
text: eyewitnesses died tragically. The
dialog: third is in rehab. Let her have
dialog: her medal. She more than deserves
dialog: it.
text: He opens the door to his house. Meredith sees him.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: You're home.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I'm home.
text: She rushes to hug him. Tears, kisses.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: This is Patella. He's going to
dialog: stay with us for a little while if
dialog: it's okay. We've joined this
dialog: program together. Okay?
text: She just smiles at him.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: But...
dialog: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org
dialog: You're home.
speaker_heading: SERLING
dialog: I'm home.
text: She takes his arm, leads him inside.
speaker_heading: MEREDITH
dialog: C'mon, in Mr. Patella. Know
dialog: anything about refrigerators?
text: The door closes.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 137.
dialog: 
