speaker_heading: "CRASH"
dialog: Screenplay by
dialog: David Cronenberg
dialog: Based on a novel by
dialog: J.G. Ballard
scene_heading: SHOOTING DRAFT
dialog: 
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFIELD -- DAY
text: We are moving through a small airfield full of parked light
text: planes. There are no people around. We move through the
text: cluster of planes toward a hangar on the edge of the field.
scene_heading: INT. HANGAR -- DAY
text: We are still moving through light planes, but now we are
text: inside the hangar. Some of the planes have their engine covers
text: open, parts strewn around. Others are partially covered with
text: tarps or have sections missing. There is even a sleek
text: executive jet parked in one corner.
text: As we float past the planes we notice a woman leaning against
text: the wing of a Piper Cub, her chest against the wing's trailing
text: edge, her arms spread out to each side, as though flying
text: herself. As we get closer we see that her jacket is pulled
text: open to expose one of her breasts, which rests on the metal
dialog: of the wing.
text: CU breast on metal. CU hard nipple and rivets.
text: CU woman -- Catherine. Early thirties, dark, short hair,
text: stylish executive clothes. Her eyes are wide open but
text: unfocussed. A hand grips her shoulder from behind. We follow
text: the hand down behind Catherine and discover a man crouched
text: behind her, kissing her back.
text: Catherine is standing on a low mechanic's platform and her
text: skirt has been raised and hooked over the wing's flap. She
text: wears garters and stockings but no panties.
text: The man, handsome, cruel-looking, rises up behind her, enters
text: her, kisses her neck. Catherine half closes her eyes. She
text: rotates her pelvis gently against the thrusting.
scene_heading: EXT. FILM STUDIO -- DAY
text: We are floating toward the modest gates of a small film
text: studio; the sign above the gates says 'CineTerra' in Art
dialog: Deco script.
scene_heading: INT. FILM STUDIO -- DAY
text: We now float through a film set on which a commercial for a
text: mini-van is being shot. Lights are being reset, the van
text: polished for a beauty tracking shot.
text: We pick up an assistant director as he strides through the
text: action, looking for someone.
speaker_heading: AD
dialog: I'm looking for James. Has anybody
dialog: seen James Ballard? You know who I
dialog: mean? The producer of this epic.
text: A dolly grip with very close-cropped hair looks up from a
text: section of dolly track which he is adjusting with small wooden
text: wedges.
speaker_heading: GRIP
dialog: I think I saw him in the camera
dialog: department.
scene_heading: INT. FILM STUDIO. CAMERA ROOM -- DAY
text: We float toward the door marked CAMERA DEPT. Inside the room
text: we find a young woman, a camera assistant, wearing a T-shirt
text: and heavy woolen socks and work boots and nothing else. She
text: is draped across a table strewn with camera parts, stomach
text: down, head resting on a black, crackle-finish camera magazine,
text: her legs spread.
text: Camera parts and cases, tripods, changing bags everywhere.
text: A man is behind her, kissing the backs of her thighs.
text: We hear the sound of the AD approaching with deliberately
text: heavy footsteps. The AD pauses just outside the door.
speaker_heading: AD
dialog: (off screen)
dialog: James? James, are you in there? Could
dialog: we please get your stamp of approval
dialog: on our little tracking shot?
text: The man, James, looks up from the woman's thighs.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Of course. Be there in a minute.
text: The camera girl twists around on to her back and throws her
text: legs over James's shoulders.
speaker_heading: CAMERA GIRL
dialog: It'll take more than a minute.
scene_heading: EXT. BALLARD APT. BALCONY -- NIGHT
text: Catherine stands at the railing of the balcony of the Ballard
text: apartment, which overlooks a busy expressway near the airport.
text: Her arms are spread wide as they were in the airplane hangar,
text: only now it is James, her husband, who is standing behind
text: her. They are both half naked, and he is inside her.
text: Their sex-making is disconnected, passionless, as though it
text: would disappear if they noticed it. An urgent, uninterrupted
text: flow of cars streams below them.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Where were you?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
text: In the private aircraft hangar.
dialog: Anybody could have walked in.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Did you come?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: No. What about your camera girl? Did
dialog: she come?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: We were interrupted. I had to go
dialog: back to the set...
text: Catherine turns toward James and pulls open her blouse,
text: exposing her left breast. She pulls James's face down and
text: presses her nipple against his cheek.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Poor darling.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: What can I do about Karen? How can I
dialog: arrange to have her seduce me? She
dialog: desperately needs a conquest.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I've been thinking about that, about
dialog: you and Karen.
scene_heading: INT. DEPARTMENT STORE. LINGERIE DEPARTMENT -- DAY
text: James lingers among racks of nightdresses outside a changing
text: cubicle. Monitored by a bored, seen-it-all middle-aged
text: saleswoman, James glances now and then through the curtains
text: to watch Karen help Catherine try on underwear.
text: Karen, Catherine's secretary, a moody, unsmiling girl, is
text: methodically involved in the soft technology of Catherine's
text: breasts and the brassières designed to show them off.
text: Karen touches Catherine with peculiar caresses, tapping her
text: lightly with the tips of her fingers, first upon the
text: shoulders, along the pink grooves left by her underwear,
text: then across her back, where the metal clasps of her brassière
text: have left a medallion of impressed skin, and finally on the
text: elastic-patterned grooves beneath Catherine's breasts
dialog: themselves.
text: Catherine stands through this in a trance-like state, gabbling
text: to herself in a low voice, as the tip of Karen's right
text: forefinger surreptitiously touches her nipple.
scene_heading: INT. UNDERGROUND PARKING-LOT -- DAY
text: James sits in the car beside his wife. She watches as his
text: fingers move across the control panel, switching on the
text: ignition, the direction indicator, selecting the drive lever,
text: fastening his seat-belt.
text: As the car moves off, James puts his free hand between
text: Catherine's thighs.
scene_heading: INT. FILM STUDIO. JAMES'S OFFICE -- NIGHT
text: James studies storyboards for an automotive battery
text: commercial, which are spread out over a broad architect's
text: table. He makes notes on each panel of the boards with a
text: sharp pencil.
text: As we move around him, we reveal his secretary, Renata,
text: sitting and watching him intently from the vantage point of
text: her corner chair, her hand poised to write down anything he
text: might say in a small, leather-bound notebook.
text: From her point of view, we watch James from behind as he
text: works. Every movement he makes -- bending over to correct a
text: panel, manipulating the pencil, touching the sharp point of
text: the pencil to his lip, straightening up again -- provokes a
text: different tiny response from Renata, so attuned to him is
dialog: she.
text: But he says nothing to her, and she remains poised and
text: vigilant.
scene_heading: EXT. FILM STUDIO. PARKING-LOT -- NIGHT
text: James settles into his car -- a boring American four-door
text: sedan -- running through his control-panel routine like a
text: pilot before driving off. This time his routine ends with
text: the switching on of the windshield wipers because it has
text: begun to rain heavily.
scene_heading: EXT. RAINSWEPT ROAD -- NIGHT
text: Driving home from the studio, James hits a deep puddle at 60
text: miles an hour and suddenly finds himself heading into the
text: oncoming lane. The car hits the central reservation with a
text: thump and the offside tire explodes and spins off its rim.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: In the car, James fights desperately for control.
scene_heading: EXT. RAINSWEPT ROAD -- NIGHT
text: The car hurtles across the reservation and, bouncing and
text: slamming down on its suspension, heads up the high-speed
text: exit ramp. Three sedans are barreling down the ramp toward
dialog: James.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: James pumps the brakes and saws away inexpertly at the wheel.
text: He manages to avoid the first two cars, but the third he
text: strikes head-on.
text: At the moment of impact, the man in the passenger seat of
text: the other car is propelled like a mattress from the barrel
text: of a circus cannon through his own windshield and then
text: partially through the windshield of James's car.
text: The propelled man's blood spatters James's face and chest,
text: his body coming to rest half inside James's car, its head
text: dangling down into the dark recess of the passenger footwell.
text: James's chest hits the steering wheel, his knees crush into
text: the instrument panel, his forehead hits the upper windshield
text: frame. As this happens, James is vaguely conscious of the
text: same thing happening to the woman driving the other car, as
text: though she is a bizarre mirror image.
text: Slammed back into their seats after the initial impact, James
text: and the woman look at each other through the shattered
text: windshields, neither able to move. The woman, handsome and
text: intelligent-looking, supported by her seat-belt, stares at
text: James in a curiously formal way, as if unsure what has brought
dialog: them together.
text: Out of the corner of his eye, James can see the hand of the
text: dead passenger, now his passenger, caught on the dashboard
text: and lying palm upwards only a few inches away from him. James
text: squints as he tries to focus on a huge blood-blister, pumped
text: up by the man's dying circulation, which has a distinct triton
dialog: shape.
text: James shifts his focus to the hood ornament of his car,
text: twisted up into the cold mercury-vapor glare of the roadway
text: lights but still intact. It is the same triton imprinted on
text: the palm of the dead passenger, the car manufacturer's logo.
scene_heading: EXT. RAINSWEPT ROAD -- NIGHT
text: Traffic is beginning to back up behind the accident and a
text: growing circle of spectators, some of them pedestrians, some
text: drivers who have left their own cars, begins to form.
text: The more adventurous members of the crowd paw hesitantly at
text: the seized doors of the two cars, afraid really to yank them
dialog: open in case the violence of that act might trigger some
text: further unnamed catastrophe.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: Numbly watching James as she fumbles to undo her seat-belt,
text: the woman in the other crashed car inadvertently jerks open
text: her blouse and exposes her breast to James, its inner curve
text: marked by a dark, strap-like bruise made by her seat-belt.
text: In the strange, desperate privacy of this moment, the breast's
text: erect nipple seems somehow, impossibly, a deliberate
dialog: provocation.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL -- DAY
text: We are close on a face having makeup applied to it. It is a
text: very pale, blotchy face, and the makeup is smoothing it,
text: making it appear healthy and even slightly tanned. There are
text: also some crude black stitches in this face, and we realize
text: that it is James's face, and that a very serious Catherine
text: is applying the makeup.
text: James's legs are up in a sling, drainage tubes coming from
text: both knees. Wounds on his chest: broken skin around the lower
text: edge of the sternum, where the horn boss had been driven
text: upwards by the collapsing engine compartment; a semicircular
text: bruise, a marbled rainbow, running from one nipple to the
text: other. Stitches in the laceration across the scalp, a second
text: hairline an inch below the original. Unshaven face and
text: fretting hands.
text: Catherine is dressed more for a smart lunch with an airline
text: executive than to visit her husband in hospital.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: There, that's better.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Thank you.
text: James examines himself in her hand-mirror, staring at his
text: pale, mannequin-like face, trying to read its lines.
text: Catherine looks around her as she puts her makeup away. There
text: are twenty-three other beds in the briskly efficient-looking
text: new ward, all of them empty.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Not a lot of action here.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: They consider this to be the airport
dialog: hospital. This ward is reserved for
text: air-crash victims. The beds are kept
dialog: waiting.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: If I groundloop during my flying
dialog: lesson on Saturday you might wake up
dialog: and find me next to you.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'll listen for you buzzing over.
text: Catherine crosses her legs and tries to light a cigarette
text: with a heavy, mechanically complex lighter with which she is
text: obviously unfamiliar.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (referring to the
dialog: lighter)
dialog: Is that a gift from Wendel? It has
text: an aeronautical feel to it.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Yes. From Wendel. To celebrate the
dialog: licence approval for our air-charter
dialog: firm. I forgot to tell you.
text: Catherine finally succeeds in lighting the cigarette. She
text: takes a deep drag. James props himself up on his elbow,
text: breathing with transparent pain.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: That's going well, then.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Well, yes.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: You're getting out of bed tomorrow.
dialog: They want you to walk.
text: James gestures for the cigarette. Catherine puts the warm
text: tip, stained with pink lipstick, into his mouth.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
text: The other man, the dead man, his
dialog: wife is a doctor -- Dr Helen
text: Remington. She's here, somewhere. As
dialog: a patient, of course. Maybe you'll
dialog: find her in the hallways tomorrow on
dialog: your walk.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: And her husband? What was he?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: He was a chemical engineer with a
dialog: food company.
text: A dark-haired student female nurse comes into the ward. She
text: wags a finger at James.
speaker_heading: STUDENT NURSE
dialog: No smoking, please.
text: As Catherine retrieves the cigarette from James and stubs it
text: out in a glass, the nurse examines Catherine's glamorous
text: figure, her expensive suit, her jewelry.
speaker_heading: STUDENT NURSE
dialog: (to Catherine)
dialog: Are you this gentleman's wife? Mrs
dialog: Ballard?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: STUDENT NURSE
dialog: You can stay for this, then.
text: The nurse pulls the bedclothes back and digs the urine bottle
text: from between James's legs. She checks the level and,
text: satisfied, drops it back, flips over the sheets again.
text: Both Catherine and James watch her closely, her sly thighs
text: under her gingham, the movement of her breasts as she bends
text: to check the chart at the foot of the bed, the pulse in her
text: throat. The nurse catches them watching her, smiles
text: enigmatically back at them, and leaves.
text: Catherine pulls out a manila folder from her bag and slips a
text: set of storyboards for a commercial out of it.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Aida telephoned to say how sorry she
dialog: was, but could you look at the
text: storyboards again, she's made a number
dialog: of changes.
text: James waves the folder away. Catherine examines his body,
text: aloofly curious.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Where's the car?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
text: Outside in the visitors' car-park.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What!? They brought the car here?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: My car, not yours. Yours is a complete
text: wreck. The police dragged it to the
text: pound behind the station.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Have you seen it?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: The sergeant asked me to identify
dialog: it. He didn't believe you'd gotten
text: out alive.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It's about time.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: It is?
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: After being bombarded endlessly by
dialog: road-safety propaganda, it's almost
dialog: a relief to have found myself in an
dialog: actual accident.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL HALLWAYS -- NIGHT
text: James is taking his walk through the hallways, trundling his
text: IV stand along with him like an awkward pet.
text: A white-coated doctor -- Vaughan -- steps into the ward from
text: a room at the end of the hall. He is bare-chested under his
text: white coat. His strong hands carry a briefcase filled with
text: photographs, which he pauses to shuffle through, as though
text: checking a map.
text: As James approaches this new visitor, Vaughan's pockmarked
text: jaws chomp on a piece of gum, creating the impression that
text: he might be hawking obscene pictures around the wards,
text: pornographic X-ray plates and blacklisted urinalyses. He
text: sports copious scar tissue around his forehead and mouth,
text: rumpled and puckered as though residues from some terrifying
dialog: act of violence.
text: Vaughan looks James up and down, taking in every detail of
text: his injuries with evident interest.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: James Ballard?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yes?
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: Crash victim?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Yes.
text: Vaughan shuffles his photos again. James manages to make out
text: the shapes of a few crushed and distorted vehicles caught in
text: lurid, flash-lit news style. Vaughan flips through them
text: distractedly, then with an unexpected, almost flirtatious
text: flourish slides them back into his briefcase and tucks it
text: under his arm.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: We'll deal with these later.
text: He flashes James an enigmatic smile, and walks off down the
dialog: hallway.
text: As James turns to continue, a young woman comes out of the
text: same room that Vaughan appeared from and moves toward him,
text: using a dark wooden walking stick. She presses her face into
text: her raised shoulder, possibly to hide the bruise marking her
text: right cheekbone.
text: The woman is Dr. Helen Remington, whose husband died in her
text: car crash with James.
text: James stops as she approaches. He speaks without thinking.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Dr. Remington...?
text: The woman looks up at James as she continues her approach.
text: She does not falter, but changes her grip on the cane, as if
text: preparing to thrash him across the face with it. She moves
text: her head in a peculiar gesture of the neck, deliberately
text: forcing her injury on him.
text: She pauses when she reaches the doorway, waiting for him to
text: step out of her way. James looks down at the scar tissue on
text: her face, a seam left by an invisible zip three inches long,
text: running from the corner of her right eye to the apex of her
dialog: mouth.
text: James is acutely aware of her strong body beneath her mauve
text: bathrobe, her ribcage partly shielded by a sheath of white
text: plaster that runs from one shoulder to the opposite armpit
text: like a classic Hollywood ball-gown.
text: James steps aside. Deciding to ignore him, Helen Remington
text: walks stiffly along the communication corridor, parading her
text: anger and her wound.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL -- DAY
text: Catherine washes James's body as he lies in his hospital
text: bed, gently exploring his bruises and his wounds.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
text: Both front wheels and the engine
text: were driven back into the driver's
text: section, bowing the floor. Blood
text: still marked the hood, streamers of
text: black lace running toward the
text: windshield-wiper gutters.
text: Catherine resoaps her right hand from the bar in the wet
text: saucer on the bed tray, a cigarette in her left. James strokes
text: her stockinged thigh as she continues her monologue.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
text: Minute flecks were spattered across
text: the seat and steering wheel. The
text: instrument panel was buckled inwards,
text: cracking the clock and the speedometer
text: dials. The cabin was deformed, and
text: there was dust and glass and plastic
text: flakes everywhere inside. The
text: carpeting was damp and stank of blood
text: and other body and machine fluids.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You should have gone to the funeral.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: I wish I had. They bury the dead so
dialog: quickly -- they should leave them
dialog: lying around for months.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What about his wife? The woman doctor?
dialog: Have you visited her yet?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: No, I couldn't. I feel too close to
dialog: her.
scene_heading: EXT. ROAD HOME FROM HOSPITAL -- DAY
text: Catherine and James travel home in the back seat of a taxi.
text: Learning against the rear window of the taxi, James finds
text: himself flinching with excitement toward the approaching
text: traffic streams, which now seem threatening and super-real.
text: Catherine watches him, aware that he is over-exhilarated,
text: very excited herself by his new sensitivity to the traffic.
scene_heading: EXT. BALLARD APT. BALCONY -- DAY
text: James sits in a reclining chair on the balcony of his
text: apartment, looking down through the anodized balcony rails
text: at the neighborhood ten stories below.
text: Cars fill the suburban streets, choking the parking-lots of
text: the supermarkets, ramped on to the pavements. Two minor
text: accidents have caused a massive tail-back along the flyover
text: which crosses the entrance tunnel to the airport. In one of
text: them, a white laundry-van has bumped into the back of a sedan
text: filled with wedding guests.
text: James gazes raptly down at this immense motion sculpture,
text: this incomprehensible pinball machine.
text: Catherine comes on to the balcony, kneels down beside him,
text: begins to toy lovingly with the scars on his knees.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Renata tells me you're going to rent
text: a car.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I can't sit on this balcony forever.
dialog: I'm beginning to feel like a potted
dialog: plant.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: How can you drive? James... your
dialog: legs. You can barely walk.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Is the traffic heavier now? There
dialog: seem to be three times as many cars
dialog: as there were before the accident.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: I've never really noticed. Is Renata
dialog: going with you?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I thought she might come along.
dialog: Handling a car again might be more
dialog: tiring than I imagine.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: I'm amazed that she'll let you drive
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You're not envious?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Maybe I am a little.
dialog: (rising)
dialog: James, I've got to leave for the
dialog: office. Are you going to be all right?
scene_heading: INT. BALLARD APT. GARAGE -- DAY
text: James stands at the entrance to his apartment building's
text: underground garage. Only about a dozen cars are there; most
text: of them have been driven to work. James walks among those
dialog: that remain, absorbing the details of the personal things
text: left in them -- a silk scarf lies on a rear window-sill, a
text: pair of sunglasses hooked over a carpeted transmission hump.
text: James stops in front of the empty bay marked 'Balladr'. He
text: stares at the familiar pattern of oil-stains marking the
dialog: cement.
scene_heading: INT. RENTED CAR -- DAY
text: A steering wheel, an instrument panel, a windshield. Renata's
text: hips gripped by the fabric of the passenger seat, her legs
text: stowed out of sight beneath her red plastic raincoat. James
text: drives Renata in a rented car, his first drive since the
dialog: accident.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST CRASH SITE -- DAY
text: The rented car slows and stops on the concrete verge a few
text: yards from the spot where James's crash took place.
scene_heading: INT. RENTED CAR -- DAY
speaker_heading: RENATA
dialog: Are we allowed to park here?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: RENATA
dialog: I'm sure the police would make an
dialog: exception in your case.
text: James unbuttons Renata's raincoat and places his hand on her
text: thigh. She lets him kiss her throat, holding his shoulder
text: reassuringly, like an affectionate governess.
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: There's still a patch of blood there
dialog: on the road. Did you see it?
speaker_heading: RENATA
text: I saw the blood. It looks like motor
dialog: oil.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You were the last one I saw just
dialog: before the accident. Do you remember?
dialog: We made love.
speaker_heading: RENATA
dialog: Are you still involving me in your
dialog: crash?
text: An airline coach passes, the passengers bound for Milan
text: staring down at the couple in the car. Renata buttons her
dialog: coat.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST CRASH SITE -- DAY
text: James steps from the car, his right knee giving way after
text: the effort of driving. At his feet lies a litter of dead
text: leaves, cigarette cartons and small drifts of safety-glass
dialog: crystals.
text: A hundred yards behind them, a dusty old Lincoln is also
text: parked on the verge. The leather-jacketed driver watches
text: James through his mudspattered windshield, broad shoulders
text: hunched against the door pillar. As James crosses the road
text: the man picks up a camera fitted with a zoom lens and peers
text: at James through the eye-piece.
text: Spotting the man, Renata opens the car door for James.
speaker_heading: RENATA
dialog: Who is that man? Is he a private
dialog: detective?
text: James gets back into the car.
scene_heading: INT. RENTED CAR -- DAY
speaker_heading: RENATA
dialog: Can you drive?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I can drive.
text: James shifts the car into gear and cruises slowly toward the
text: man with the camera. As they approach him, he gets out of
text: his own car, ignoring them, and kneels down to study the
text: hieroglyphics of the skid marks on the road surface.
text: As James and Renata drive past the kneeling man, the sunlight
text: highlights the ridges of scars on his forehead and around
text: his mouth.
text: The man looks up at James and he recognizes Vaughan, the
text: young doctor he last saw in the hallway at the airport
dialog: hospital.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRFIELD. HANGAR -- DAY
text: James proudly shows off his new car to Catherine and Karen
text: at their offices at the airport. The car is identical to the
dialog: one he crashed.
text: James sits sideways in the driver's seat, door open, weirdly
text: jaunty.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: I can't believe you've done this.
speaker_heading: KAREN
dialog: This is the exact same car as your
dialog: old one, isn't it?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Yes, it is.
dialog: (to James)
dialog: Are you planning to have another car
dialog: crash?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'm not thinking about the crash at
dialog: all.
text: James is telling the truth. What he is thinking about is the
text: way that Karen's hip casually brushes against Catherine's
text: hip, without either woman seeming to be conscious of it.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE POUND -- DAY
text: James enters the gate of the police pound on foot, and shows
text: his pass to the guard at the gate. His pass now stamped, he
text: hesitates for a beat before he enters.
scene_heading: INT. POLICE POUND -- DAY
text: Some twenty or so crashed vehicles are parked in the sunlight
text: against the rear wall of an abandoned cinema. At the far end
text: of the asphalt yard is a truck whose entire driving cabin
text: has been crushed, as if the dimensions of space had abruptly
text: contracted around the body of the driver.
text: Unnerved by these deformations, James moves from one car to
text: the next until he comes to his own. The remains of towing
text: tackle are attached to the front bumper, and the body panels
text: are splashed with oil and dirt. He peers through the windows
text: into the cabin, runs his hand over the mud-stained glass.
text: Without thinking, he kneels in front of the car and stares
text: at the crushed fenders and radiator grill.
text: Two policemen cross the yard with a black Alsatian dog. They
text: watch James hovering around his car as if they vaguely resent
text: his touching it. When they are gone, he unlatches the driver's
text: door and, with an effort, pulls it open.
text: James eases himself on to the dusty vinyl seat, tipped back
text: by the bowing of the floor. He nervously lifts his legs into
text: the car and places his feet on the rubber cleats of the
text: pedals, which have been forced out of the engine compartment
text: so that his knees are pressed against his chest.
text: The two policemen are exercising their dog across the yard.
text: James opens the glove compartment, forcing the shelf
text: downwards. Inside, covered with dirt and flaked plastic, are
text: a set of route maps, a mildly pornographic novel, a polaroid
text: of Renata sitting in the car near a water reservoir with her
text: breasts exposed.
text: James pulls open the ashtray, which promptly jumps on to his
text: lap, releasing a dozen lipstick-smeared butts.
text: Someone passes in front of the car. A policeman's voice calls
text: from the gatehouse. Through the windshield, James sees a
text: woman in a white raincoat walking along the line of wrecked
text: cars. The woman -- Helen Remington -- approaches the car
text: next to his, a crushed convertible involved in a massive
text: rear-end collision.
text: James sits quietly behind the steering wheel. Helen turns
text: from the convertible. She glances at the hood of James's
text: car, clearly not recognizing the vehicle that killed her
text: husband. As she raises her head she sees James through the
text: glassless windshield frame, sitting behind the deformed
text: steering wheel among the dried bloodstains of her husband.
text: Helen's strong eyes barely change their focus, but one hand
text: rises involuntarily to her cheek. She takes in the damage to
text: the car, then takes in James. Without giving away anything,
text: she turns and moves toward a damaged truck, then turns and
text: comes back as James gets out of his car.
text: She gestures toward the damaged vehicles, then speaks to
text: James as though continuing a conversation already in progress.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: After this sort of thing, how do
text: people manage to look at a car, let
dialog: alone drive one?
dialog: (pause)
text: I'm trying to find Charles's car.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It's not here. Maybe the police are
text: still holding it. Their forensic
dialog: people...
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: They said it was here. They told me
dialog: this morning.
text: She peers critically at James's car, as if puzzled by its
text: distorted geometry.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: This is your car?
text: She reaches out a gloved hand and touches the radiator grill,
text: feeling a chrome pillar torn from the accordion, as if
text: searching for some trace of her husband's presence among the
text: blood-spattered paintwork.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You'll tear your gloves.
text: James gently takes her hand and moves it away from the grill.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I don't think we should have come
dialog: here. I'm surprised the police don't
dialog: make it more difficult.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Were you badly hurt? I think we saw
text: each other at the hospital.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I don't want the car. In fact, I was
dialog: appalled to find that I have to pay
dialog: a small fee to have it scrapped.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Can I give you a lift?
dialog: (almost apologetically)
text: I somehow find myself driving again.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES'S CAR -- DAY
text: James is driving Helen Remington away from the police pound.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You haven't told me where we're going.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Haven't I? To the airport, if you
dialog: could.
text: At these words, James is stricken by an odd feeling of loss.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: The airport? Why? Are you leaving?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Not yet -- though not soon enough
dialog: for some people, I've already found.
text: A death in the doctor's family makes
text: the patients doubly uneasy.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I take it you're not wearing white
dialog: to reassure them.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I'll wear a bloody kimono if I want
dialog: to.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: So -- why the airport?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I work in the immigration department
dialog: there.
text: James is very aware that, as they speak, Helen is intently
text: watching his hands and feet operating the controls of the
text: car, perceiving these motions in a way that she never would
text: have before her crash with him.
text: He, in turn, has trouble taking his eyes off her facial scars,
text: which she now makes no attempt to hide.
text: She pulls a cigarette packet from the pocket of her raincoat.
text: She searches the instrument panel for the lighter, her right
text: hand hovering above his knees like a nervous bird.
text: Having found the lighter, her strong hands tear away the
text: cellophane from the cigarette pack.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Do you want a cigarette? I started
dialog: to smoke at the hospital. It's rather
dialog: stupid of me.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (suddenly very agitated)
dialog: Look at all this traffic. I'm not
dialog: sure I can deal with it.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: It's much worse now. You noticed
dialog: that, did you? The day I left the
dialog: hospital I had the extraordinary
dialog: feeling that all these cars were
dialog: gathering for some special reason I
dialog: didn't understand. There seemed to
dialog: be ten times as much traffic.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Are we imagining it?
text: Helen waves her cigarette in a gesture that takes in the
text: whole interior of the car.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: You've bought yourself exactly the
text: same car again. It's the same shape
dialog: and colour.
scene_heading: EXT. FIRST CRASH SITE -- DAY
text: They are now passing the spot where their crash took place.
text: Intimidated by the aggressive traffic around him, James allows
text: the front wheel of the car to strike the curb of the central
text: reservation, throwing a tornado of dust and cigarette packs
text: on to the windshield.
scene_heading: INT. JAMES'S CAR -- DAY
text: The car swerves from the fast lane and veers toward an airline
text: coach coming out of the exit ramp. Helen quickly shifts to
text: the left of her seat and, pressing her shoulder against
text: James's, closes her hand over James's hand on the wheel.
text: With Helen's help, James just manages to pull the car behind
dialog: the coach.
text: They watch the cars swerving past on both sides of them,
text: horns sounding.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Turn up here into the car-park. It
dialog: won't be busy this time of day.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT CAR-PARK -- DAY
text: The car winds its way slowly up the rampways leading to higher
text: and higher parking levels. James finds the rhythm soothing
text: and begins to calm down.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I've found that I enjoy burying myself
dialog: in heavy traffic. I like to look at
dialog: it. Yesterday I hired a taxi-driver
dialog: to drive me around for an hour.
dialog: 'Anywhere,' I said. We sat in a
text: massive traffic jam under an off-
dialog: ramp. I don't think we moved more
text: than fifty yards.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I'm thinking of taking up a new job
dialog: with the Road Research Laboratory.
dialog: They need a medical officer. The
dialog: salary is larger -- something I've
dialog: got to think about now. There's a
dialog: certain moral virtue in being
dialog: materialistic, I'm beginning to feel.
dialog: Well, it's a new approach for me, in
dialog: any case.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: The Road Research Laboratory? Where
dialog: they simulate car crashes?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Isn't that rather too close...?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: That's the point. Besides, I know I
dialog: can give something now that I wasn't
dialog: remotely aware of before. It's not a
dialog: matter of duty so much as of
dialog: commitment.
text: They have now reached the top level of the multi-story car-
text: park, and James pulls into a parking spot overlooking a major
text: runway. An immense jumbo jet is maneuvering into its take-
dialog: off position.
text: James turns off the car and puts his arms around Helen. She
text: offers no resistance, as though the whole scenario were well
text: understood and agreed upon. James kisses her mouth, her
text: eyelids, unzips her dress.
text: With the jet engines screaming for accompaniment, Helen lifts
text: her right breast from her brassière, pressing James's fingers
text: against the hot nipple. Helen now straddles him and, awkwardly
text: meshing with the technology around them, they make love in
text: the driver's seat of the car.
scene_heading: INT. BALLARD APT. -- NIGHT
text: James and Catherine make love in the same position as in the
text: preceding scene.
text: James's thoughts keep flashing back to himself and Helen in
text: his car, the images mixing confusingly with his present
text: lovemaking to Catherine.
scene_heading: INT. FILM STUDIO. JAMES'S OFFICE -- DAY
text: James is back in his office, but it is obvious that he is
text: only nibbling at the work that has piled up in his absence.
text: Renata comes in.
speaker_heading: RENATA
dialog: I almost forgot to give you this.
dialog: Probably because I know you're going
dialog: to like it.
text: Renata hands James a brown manila envelope with no markings
text: on it.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: RENATA
dialog: A complimentary ticket for a special
text: stunt-driving exhibition. Definitely
dialog: not part of the big auto show. There's
text: a map in the packet and a note
dialog: requesting you be discreet about the
dialog: location.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Really? What kind of exhibition is
dialog: it?
speaker_heading: RENATA
dialog: I suspect it involves re-enactments
dialog: of famous car crashes. You know,
dialog: Jayne Mansfield, James Dean, Albert
dialog: Camus...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You're kidding.
speaker_heading: RENATA
dialog: Serious. But you'll have to take
dialog: your new friend, the female crash-
text: test dummy. She dropped it off for
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You're not jealous, are you? You
dialog: have to understand... Helen and I
dialog: had this strange, intense...
dialog: experience together.
text: Renata kisses him hard, then bites his lip. James pulls away
text: in surprise.
speaker_heading: RENATA
dialog: We've had a few of those ourselves,
dialog: haven't we?
text: Renata turns on her heel and floats out the door, leaving
text: James to contemplate the contents of the envelope.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD -- NIGHT
text: We are looking at the words 'Little Bastard' written in black
text: script on silver metal, enamel on unpainted aluminum. We
text: pull back to reveal the entire metal object, which is a 1955
text: Porsche 550 Spyder race car. It is small and curvaceous, and
text: is being fussed over by several men in overalls. The number
text: '130' is painted on its hood and doors.
text: The Porsche sits on a country road, two-lane blacktop, heavily
text: wooded, lit by a series of movie lights. On the hills lining
text: the road a few rough wooden stands have been erected.
text: A blond man -- Vaughan -- stands near the rear of the Porsche,
text: a microphone in his hand. His voice floats eerily out of the
text: woods from speakers mounted on a series of pine trees.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: (over speakers)
dialog: 'Don't worry, that guy's gotta see
dialog: us!' These were the confident last
dialog: words of the brilliant young Hollywood
text: star James Dean as he piloted his
text: Porsche 550 Spyder race car toward a
text: date with death on a lonely stretch
text: of California two-lane blacktop,
dialog: Route 466. 'Don't worry, that guy's
dialog: gotta see us.' The year, 1955; the
dialog: day, September thirtieth; the time:
dialog: now.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD. GRANDSTAND -- NIGHT
text: Helen and James sit in a half-empty stand, looking down at
text: the road from amid the trees. Helen has her arm around James's
text: waist, her face touching his shoulder.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It's strange -- I thought all this
dialog: would be far more popular.
text: Helen is consulting a yellow program sheet.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: The real thing is available free of
dialog: charge. Besides, it's not quite legal.
dialog: They can't advertise.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: (over speakers)
dialog: The first star of our show is 'Little
text: Bastard', James Dean's racing Porsche.
dialog: He named it after himself, and had
dialog: his racing number, 130, painted on
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Who is that? The announcer. Do I
dialog: know him?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: That's Vaughan. He talked to you at
dialog: the hospital.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Oh, yes. I thought he was a medical
text: photographer, doing some sort of
dialog: accident research. He wanted every
dialog: conceivable detail about our crash.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: When I first met Vaughan, he was a
dialog: specialist in international
dialog: computerized traffic systems. I don't
dialog: know what he is now.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: (over speakers)
text: The second star is stuntman and former
dialog: race driver -- Colin Seagrave, who
dialog: will drive our replica of James Dean's
dialog: car.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD -- NIGHT
text: Seagrave, a coarse and burly man, wriggles his way behind
text: the wheel of the delicate little race car without
text: acknowledging the cheers of the crowd. He wears James Dean
text: clothes -- a red windbreaker, a white T-shirt, jeans, loafers,
text: prescription glasses with clip-on sunshades.
text: As he talks, Vaughan tours the phalanx of tripod-mounted
text: cameras to check their placement, and chats off-mike with
text: the pair of cameramen with hand-held cameras. He seems to be
text: more the director of the event, possibly the ringmaster,
text: than an actor in it.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: (over speakers)
dialog: I myself shall play the role of James
dialog: Dean's racing mechanic, Rolf
dialog: Wütherich, sent over from the Porsche
dialog: factory in Zuffenhausen, Germany.
dialog: This mechanic was himself fated to
dialog: die in a car crash in Germany twenty-
dialog: six years later. And the third and
dialog: in some ways most important party,
dialog: the college student Donald Turnupseed,
text: played by movie stuntman Brett Trask.
text: Trask, slim and wiry, wearing loafers and a blazer, waves
text: his hand and gets into a replica of Turnupseed's two-tone,
text: black-and-white 1950 Ford sedan. He starts up the Ford, which
text: smokes badly, and drives it up the hill about 100 yards.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: (over speakers)
text: Turnupseed was on his way back to
text: his home in Fresno for the weekend.
text: James Dean was on his way to an
text: automobile race in Salinas, a dusty
text: town in northern California. The two
dialog: would only meet for one moment, but
dialog: it was a moment that would create a
dialog: Hollywood legend.
text: At this point Vaughan, who is dressed in light-blue cotton
text: 1950s mechanics' overalls, sees James and Helen in the thin
text: crowd and waves to them, as though they were long-standing
text: aficionados of crash spectacles. He doesn't wait to see if
text: they react, but immediately steps into the passenger side of
text: the Porsche, microphone still in hand.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: (over speakers)
dialog: You'll notice that we are not wearing
dialog: helmets or safety padding of any
dialog: kind, and our cars are not equipped
dialog: with roll cages or seat-belts. We
dialog: depend solely on the skill of our
dialog: drivers for our safety, so that we
dialog: can bring you the ultimate in
dialog: authenticity. All right, here we go.
dialog: The fatal crash of James Dean!
text: Vaughan hands the microphone to a stills cameraman who also
text: functions as an assistant, and then sinks down into the silver
dialog: car.
text: Seagrave starts the Porsche, which settles quickly into a
text: husky idle. A few blips of the throttle, and then the Porsche
text: is reversed down to the edge of the lighted strip of road.
text: When the Porsche stops, the excited crowd goes quiet. An
text: assistant with a walkie-talkie kneels beside the silver car
text: on the driver's side, co-ordinating the start with his
text: opposite number standing next to the Ford over the hill.
text: There is a calculated pause before anything happens, and
text: then the Porsche spins its wheels and accelerates up the
dialog: hill.
text: From their vantage point in the stand, James and Helen can
text: clearly see that the Ford has also started and that the two
text: cars are headed toward each other, each in its respective
dialog: lane.
text: The Porsche accelerates hard, the Ford lumbers along at a
text: moderate pace, swaying clumsily on its soft springs.
text: As the cars approach each other, James notices a fresh
text: clearing at the side of the road at just about the point
text: where they seem likely to pass. Sure enough, when the cars
text: are about thirty yards apart, the Ford wanders over the center
text: line. As the Porsche approaches it, it seems to move back
text: into its own lane, but then suddenly swerves again as though
text: making a left turn.
text: The Porsche, in its turn, swerves to avoid the big American
text: car but they collide, the immense chrome grill punching into
text: the side of the fragile race car, crumpling it like a wad of
text: tin foil and shunting it unceremoniously off the road into
text: the clearing that has been prepared for it.
text: As the Porsche hobbles to a stop, Vaughan seems to stand up
text: on his seat and then throw himself out of the car, rolling
text: over what's left of the front hood on to the ground. Seagrave
text: remains slumped in the driver's seat. Vaughan lies still
text: where he lands, a few feet ahead of the crumpled nose of the
text: race car.
text: The door of the Ford opens and Trask stumbles out. He begins
text: to walk around in a dazed and agitated manner, and the crowd,
text: which has been buzzing, goes silent again. Trask walks away
text: from the crash site and disappears into the shadows at the
text: edge of the road.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD. GRANDSTAND -- NIGHT
text: There is no movement from either Seagrave or Vaughan. James
text: is not sure how to react, but Helen seems genuinely worried.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Is that part of the act or are they
dialog: really hurt?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I don't know. You can never be sure
dialog: with Vaughan. This is his show.
text: A stills cameraman runs out of nowhere and kneels beside the
text: apparently stricken Vaughan in the weeds at the side of the
text: road. It is not clear whether he is taking his picture or
text: ministering to him. It soon becomes clear that he has handed
text: him a radio microphone because Vaughan's low, melodramatic
text: growl now ripples out of the woods from the tree speakers.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: (over speakers)
text: Rolf Wütherich was thrown from the
dialog: Porsche and spent a year in the
text: hospital recovering from his injuries.
dialog: Donald Turnupseed was found wandering
text: around in a daze, basically unhurt.
dialog: James Dean died of a broken neck and
dialog: became immortal.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD -- NIGHT
text: Vaughan now leaps to his feet, hands raised in triumph.
text: Seagrave stirs behind the wheel, then raises his hands. Trask
text: emerges from the woods, waving to the now-supercharged crowd.
text: Seagrave tries to get out of the collapsed Porsche but is
text: jammed behind the wheel. Without missing a beat, Vaughan
text: dances over to the car and begins to haul Seagrave out of
dialog: his seat.
speaker_heading: COLIN
dialog: Hold me. I'm dizzy. I can't stand
dialog: up.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD. GRANDSTAND -- NIGHT
text: Helen stands up as the crowd buzzes.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: I know that man, Seagrave, the stunt
dialog: driver. I think he's genuinely hurt.
text: Helen makes her way down the rickety grandstand steps toward
text: the road, and James follows her.
scene_heading: EXT. COUNTRY ROAD -- NIGHT
text: Just as James and Helen step on the road, six police cars,
text: lights flashing and sirens wailing, converge on the lit
text: stretch of road, three from each end. They screech to a halt
text: and dozens of cops pour out of the cars.
text: The crowd panics and streams down from the grandstand on to
text: the road. A loudspeaker mounted on one of the police cars
text: begins to blare.
speaker_heading: POLICE
dialog: (over loudspeaker)
dialog: This is an illegal and unauthorized
dialog: automotive demonstration which is in
dialog: contravention of the Highway Traffic
dialog: Act. You are all liable to fines and
dialog: possible arrest and confinement...
dialog: Disperse at once! Disperse at once!
text: Because James and Helen are just in advance of the first
text: wave of spectators, they manage to link up with Vaughan as
text: he helps haul a still-groggy Seagrave off the road and into
text: the woods. Helen takes Seagrave's free arm.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: (to Vaughan)
dialog: What's the matter with Seagrave?
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: Hit his head, I think. His balance
text: is off.
text: The police spread out through the crowd, collaring people at
text: random before they are able to escape into the woods.
scene_heading: EXT. WOODS -- NIGHT
text: James and Helen help Vaughan hustle Seagrave through the
text: woods. The din of the roadway fades away behind them.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Why are the police taking this all
dialog: so seriously?
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: It's not the police. It's the
dialog: Department of Transport. Internal
dialog: politics. It's a joke. They have no
dialog: idea who we really are.
text: In the gathering darkness of the woods, it is apparent that
text: James doesn't really know who they are either.
scene_heading: INT. VAUGHAN'S LINCOLN -- NIGHT
text: Vaughan drives the Lincoln through a scarred, bleak landscape.
text: In the front seat with him are Helen and James. Seagrave is
text: lying down in the back seat with his eyes closed.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: That was glib, wasn't it? 'James
text: Dean died of a broken neck and became
dialog: immortal.' But I couldn't resist.
text: Vaughan puts his hand between Helen's thighs. She seems not
text: to notice, but her eyes close dreamily every once in a while.
text: James watches microscopically.
text: Sometimes, when the flow of traffic allows, Vaughan stares
text: intently at James while his hand works away between Helen's
text: thighs, and James looks away, flushed, like a schoolgirl.
scene_heading: EXT. SEAGRAVE'S GARAGE -- NIGHT
text: The Lincoln turns into the forecourt of Seagrave's garage
text: and showroom. His business, which has clearly seen better
text: days, is hot-rodding and customized cars. Behind the unwashed
text: glass of the showroom is a fiberglass replica of a 1930s
text: Brooklands racer, faded bunting stuffed into the seat.
text: They get out of the car, helping the woozy Seagrave through
text: the door at the side of the showroom, which leads to the
text: stairway up to the apartment above the garage.
scene_heading: INT. SEAGRAVE APT. -- NIGHT
text: The Seagrave apartment is dirty and depressing, featuring
text: cheap, cigarette-scarred leatherette furniture.
text: James watches Helen and Vaughan steer Seagrave into the living-
text: room, where two people sit on a couch watching television
text: with the sound turned off: Gabrielle, a sharp-faced young
text: woman who is rolling a hash joint; and Seagrave's wife, Vera,
text: a handsome, restless woman of about thirty.
text: Vera stands as they come in and rushes over to the shaky
dialog: Seagrave.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Oh, God. What happened? Here, lie
dialog: down.
text: Vera and Helen lay the confused Seagrave down on the three-
text: seat sofa, while Vaughan sits next to Gabrielle and helps
text: her prepare another hash joint. James, awkwardly left
text: standing, notices long scars on Vera's thighs and legs.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: They did the James Dean crash. It
dialog: seemed to go perfectly. But he started
text: to feel nauseous on the way back.
dialog: I'm sure it's concussion.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: Ah, well... We're familiar enough
dialog: with that, then, aren't we?
text: James watches Gabrielle and Vaughan. As she rolls a small
text: piece of resin in a twist of silver foil, Vaughan brings a
text: brass lighter out of his hip pocket. Gabrielle cooks the
text: resin, and shakes the powder into the open cigarette waiting
text: in the roller machine on her lap.
text: On Gabrielle's legs are traces of what seem to be gas bacillus
text: scars, faint circular depressions on the kneecaps. She notices
text: James staring at her scars, but makes no effort to close her
dialog: legs.
text: On the sofa beside her is a chromium metal cane and, as she
text: shifts her weight, James sees that the instep of each leg is
text: held in the steel clamp of a surgical support. It now becomes
text: obvious from the over-rigid posture of her waist that she is
text: also wearing a back-brace of some kind.
text: Gabrielle rolls another cigarette out of the machine, but
text: does not offer it to James. Instead, Vaughan gets up and
text: takes it over to Seagrave, who has managed to sit up.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: I'd really like to work out the
dialog: details of the Jayne Mansfield crash
dialog: with you. We could do the decapitation --
text: her head embedded in the windshield --
dialog: and the little dead dog thing as
dialog: well. You know, the Chihuahuas in
dialog: the back seat. I've got it figured
dialog: out.
text: Seagrave takes the lit joint and draws heavily on it. He
text: holds the smoke in his lungs for a while, studies the grease
text: on his hands before he answers.
speaker_heading: COLIN
dialog: You know I'll be ready, Vaughan. But
dialog: I'll want to wear really big tits --
dialog: out to here -- so the crowd can see
text: them get cut up and crushed on the
text: dashboard.
text: James turns to go, leaving Helen to her conversation with
text: Vera, but Vaughan follows him through the door, holding his
text: arm in a powerful grip.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: Don't leave yet, Ballard. I want you
dialog: to help me.
scene_heading: INT. VAUGHAN'S WORKSHOP -- NIGHT
text: James follows Vaughan down a cramped corridor to a
text: photographic workshop formed out of a warren of small rooms.
text: Vaughan eases James into the first room and then carefully
text: closes the door behind them.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Do you live here? With Seagrave?
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: I live in my car. This is my workshop.
text: Pinned to the walls and lying on the benches among the enamel
text: pails are hundreds of photographs. The floor around the
text: enlarger is littered with half-plate prints, developed and
text: cast aside once they have yielded their images. Vaughan makes
text: a sweeping gesture that takes in all the photographs.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: And this is the new project, Ballard.
text: As Vaughan hunts around the central table, turning the pages
text: of a leather-bound album, James looks down at the discarded
text: prints below his feet. Most of them are crude frontal pictures
dialog: of motor-cars and heavy vehicles involved in highway
text: collisions, surrounded by spectators and police, and close-
text: ups of impacted radiator grills and windshields.
text: Vaughan opens the album at random and hands it to James. He
text: leans back against the door and watches as James adjusts the
text: desk lamp.
text: The first thirty pages record the crash, hospitalization,
text: and post-recuperative romance of the young woman Gabrielle --
text: a social worker, the photos suggest -- who is currently
text: getting very stoned in the next room.
text: By coincidence, her small sports car had collided with an
text: airline bus at the entry to the airport not far from the
text: site of James's own accident. Vaughan had obviously been
text: there, shooting film, moments after the crash. The incredibly
text: detailed photos end with her affair with her physical therapy
dialog: instructor.
text: The remainder of the album describes the course of James's
dialog: own accident and recovery, and includes his sexual encounters
text: with Renata, Helen Remington, and his own wife, Catherine.
text: Vaughan stands at James's shoulder, like an instructor ready
text: to help a promising pupil.
text: James closes the book.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What kind of help can I possibly be
dialog: to you? You seem to be everywhere at
dialog: once as it is.
text: At that moment, there is a knock at the door, and then
text: Gabrielle enters and takes a few stiff steps into the room
text: on her shackled legs. She holds out a couple of joints to
dialog: Vaughan.
speaker_heading: GABRIELLE
dialog: Thought you might be missing these.
dialog: (to James)
dialog: So here you are at the nerve centre.
dialog: Vaughan makes everything look like a
dialog: crime, doesn't he?
text: Vaughan takes the joints and lights them both. He hands one
text: to James, who takes it gratefully.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What exactly is your project, Vaughan?
dialog: A book of crashes? A medical study?
dialog: A sensational documentary? Global
dialog: traffic?
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: It's something we're all intimately
dialog: involved in: the reshaping of the
text: human body by modern technology.
scene_heading: INT. FILM STUDIO. JAMES'S OFFICE -- DAY
text: James watches Renata and Catherine talking animatedly at the
text: other end of his office. He can't hear what they are saying,
text: but Renata is showing Catherine layouts of ads involving
text: images of private planes flying in formation. They touch
text: each other from time to time without seeming to notice it,
text: but James notices it.
scene_heading: EXT. VARIOUS LARGE CITY ROADS -- DAY
text: James and Catherine set off for home in their own separate
text: cars. At times, they are within sight of each other and James
text: watches her microscopically, as though he didn't know her,
text: as though, perhaps, she isn't human.
text: At one point he sees her with her hands resting on the
text: steering wheel, her right index finger picking at an old
text: adhesive label on the windshield.
text: And then, abruptly, James is aware of the dented fender of
text: Vaughan's Lincoln only a few feet behind Catherine's sports
dialog: car.
text: Vaughan now surges past James, crowding along the roadway as
text: if waiting for Catherine to make a mistake. Startled,
text: Catherine takes refuge in front of an airline bus in the
text: nearside lane. Vaughan drives alongside the bus, using his
text: horn and lights to force the driver back, and again cuts in
text: behind Catherine.
text: James moves ahead along the center lane, shouting to Vaughan
text: as he passes him, but Vaughan is signalling to Catherine,
text: pumping his headlights at her rear fender.
text: Without thinking, Catherine pulls into the courtyard of a
text: filling station, forcing Vaughan into a heavy U-turn. Tires
text: screaming, he swings around the ornamental flower-bed with
text: its glazed pottery plants, but James blocks his way with his
dialog: own car.
text: Heart racing, Catherine sits still in her car among the fuel
text: pumps, her eyes flashing at Vaughan.
text: James steps from his car and walks across to Vaughan, who
text: watches James approach as if he had never seen him before,
text: scarred mouth working on a piece of gum as he gazes at the
text: aircrafts taking off from the airport.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Vaughan, what the hell are you doing?
dialog: Are you trying to create your own
dialog: Famous Crash?
text: Vaughan hooks his gear lever into reverse.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: It excited her, Ballard. Your wife,
dialog: Catherine. She enjoyed it. Ask her.
text: Vaughan reverses his car in a wide circle, almost running
text: down a passing pump attendant, and sets off across the early
text: afternoon traffic.
scene_heading: INT. BALLARD APT. -- NIGHT
text: James and Catherine lie naked in bed, she with her back to
text: him, buttocks pressed into his groin. He is inside her.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: He must have fucked a lot of women
text: in that huge car of his. It's like a
text: bed on wheels. It must smell of
dialog: semen...
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It does.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Do you find him attractive?
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: He's very pale. Covered with scars.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Would you like to fuck him, though?
dialog: In that car?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No. But when he's in that car...
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Have you seen his penis?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I think it's badly scarred too. From
text: a motorcycle accident.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: Is he circumcised? Can you imagine
dialog: what his anus is like? Describe it
dialog: to me. Would you like to sodomize
dialog: him? Would you like to put your penis
text: right into his anus, thrust it up
dialog: his anus? Tell me, describe it to
dialog: me. Tell me what you would do. How
dialog: would you kiss him in that car?
dialog: Describe how you'd reach over and
text: unzip his greasy jeans, then take
dialog: out his penis. Would you kiss it or
dialog: suck it right away? Which hand would
dialog: you hold it in? Have you ever sucked
dialog: a penis? Do you know what semen tastes
dialog: like? Have you ever tasted semen?
text: Some semen is saltier than others.
dialog: Vaughan's semen must be very salty...
text: They both have huge orgasms within moments of each other.
scene_heading: INT. HELEN'S CAR -- DAY
text: We are close on the distracted, solicitous face of Helen
dialog: Remington.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Have you come?
text: Helen Remington and James are having sex in the back seat of
text: Helen's car, Helen sitting on James's lap with her back to
text: him. She dismounts him and touches his shoulder with an
text: uncertain hand, as though he were a patient she had worked
dialog: hard to revive.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT CAR-PARK -- DAY
text: Helen's car is parked on the upper level of the airport car-
text: park, which is currently quite busy. Streams of traffic,
text: both pedestrian and vehicular, flow past the car.
scene_heading: INT. HELEN'S CAR -- DAY
text: James lies against the rear seat of the car while Helen
text: dresses with abrupt movements, straightening her shirt around
text: her hips like a department-store window-dresser jerking a
text: garment on to a mannequin.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Please finish your story.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: The junior pathologist at Ashford
text: Hospital. Then the husband of a
dialog: colleague of mine, then a trainee
dialog: radiologist, then the service manager
dialog: at my garage.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: And you had sex with all of these
dialog: men in cars? Only in cars?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Yes. I didn't plan it that way.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: And did you fantasize that Vaughan
dialog: was photographing all these sex acts?
dialog: As though they were traffic accidents?
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: Yes.
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: They felt like traffic accidents.
scene_heading: INT. ROAD RESEARCH LAB -- DAY
text: We are witnessing a spectacular road accident re-created
text: under laboratory conditions in the immense confines of the
dialog: Road Research Lab.
text: A motorcycle is in the process of having a head-on collision
text: with a sedan bearing a family of four -- an extremely violent
text: and disturbing crash, despite the use of cradles, dummies,
text: rails, cables and extensive metering and recording technology.
text: Among the many witnesses to the crash, including numerous
text: engineers, technicians and Transport Ministry officials, are
text: James, Helen and Vaughan.
text: Vaughan is energetically masturbating through his jeans,
text: shielded by a sheaf of publicity folders which he holds in
text: his other hand.
text: There is a terrific metallic explosion as the motorcycle
text: strikes the front of the sedan. The two vehicles veer sideways
text: towards the line of startled spectators.
text: The motorcyclist and his bike sail over the hood of the car
text: and strike the windshield, then careen across the roof in a
text: black mass of fragments.
text: The car plunges ten feet back on its hawsers and comes to
text: rest astride its rails. The hood, windshield and roof have
text: been crushed by the impact. Inside the cabin, the lopsided
text: family lurch across each other, the decapitated torso of the
text: front-seat woman passenger embedded in the fractured
dialog: windshield.
text: The engineers wave to the crowd reassuringly and move toward
text: the motorcycle, which lies on its side fifty yards behind
text: the car. But it is Vaughan -- a black-jacketed figure striding
text: on long, uneven legs -- who arrives first at the bike.
text: For a moment it seems that he might try to lift it up himself,
text: but he then backs away to where technicians are picking up
text: pieces of the motorcyclist's body, and then turns away
text: completely and rejoins Helen and James.
text: Vaughan holds up the bundle of technical hand-outs in his
dialog: grip.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: Get all the paper you can, Ballard.
dialog: Some of the stuff they're giving
dialog: away is terrific: 'Mechanisms of
dialog: Occupant Ejection', 'Tolerances of
dialog: the Human Face in Crash Impacts'...
text: Helen takes James's arm, smiling at him, nodding
text: encouragingly, as if urging a child across some mental hurdle.
speaker_heading: HELEN
dialog: We can have a look at it again on
text: the monitors. They're showing it in
text: slow motion.
text: An audience of thirty or so gathers at the trestle tables to
text: watch a slowmotion replay on a huge television monitor. As
text: the hypnotic, grotesque ballet unfolds, the crowd's own
text: ghostly images stand silently in the background, hands and
text: faces unmoving while the collision is re-enacted. The dream-
dialog: like reversal of roles makes them seem less real than the
text: mannequins in the car.
text: James looks down at the silk-suited wife of a Ministry
text: official standing beside him. Her eyes watch the film with a
text: rapt gaze, as if she were seeing herself and her daughters
text: dismembered in the crash.
scene_heading: INT. VAUGHAN'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: James rides in Vaughan's car. Vaughan drives aggressively,
text: rolling the heavy car along the access roads, holding the
text: battered bumpers a few feet behind any smaller vehicle until
text: it moves out of the way.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: I've always wanted to drive a crashed
dialog: car.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: You could get your wish at any moment.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: No, I mean a crash with a history.
dialog: Camus's Facel Vega, or Nathaniel
text: West's station wagon, Grace Kelly's
dialog: Rover 3500. Fix it just enough to
dialog: get it rolling. Don't clean it, don't
dialog: touch anything else.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Is that why you drive this car? I
dialog: take it that you see Kennedy's
dialog: assassination as a special kind of
dialog: car crash?
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: The case could be made.
text: They approach a major intersection. For almost the first
text: time on this drive, Vaughan applies the brakes.
text: The heavy car sways and goes into a long right-hand slide
text: which carries it across the path of a taxi. Flooring the
text: accelerator, Vaughan swerves in front of it, tires screaming
text: over the blaring horn of the taxi.
text: As they settle down, Vaughan reaches behind him and lifts a
text: briefcase off the back seat.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: Take a look at this and tell me what
dialog: you think.
text: James opens the briefcase and slides out a thick packet of
text: glossy photographs, all of them marked up with coloured ink
text: pens.
text: The photos are culled from a variety of sources -- newspapers,
text: magazines, video stills, film frames -- blown up to uniform
text: 8' x 10' size. Each one depicts a famous crash victim in the
text: prime of life, and each one has the wounds to come marked up
text: very explicitly -- lines circling their necks and pubic areas,
text: breasts and cheekbones shaded in, section lines across their
text: mouths and abdomens. Handwritten notes complement the circles
dialog: and arrows.
text: A second packet of photographs shows the cars in which these
text: famous people died. Each photo is marked to show which parts
dialog: of the cars destroyed or fused with which famous body part:
text: for example, a close-up of the dashboard and windshield from
text: the Camus car -- Michel Gallimard's Facel Vega -- is marked
dialog: 'nasal bridge', 'soft palate', 'left zygomatic arch'.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It's very... satisfying. I'm not
dialog: sure I understand why.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: It's the future, Ballard, and you're
text: already part of it. For the first
text: time, a benevolent psychopathology
dialog: beckons towards us. For example, the
text: car crash is a fertilizing rather
dialog: than a destructive event -- a
dialog: liberation of sexual energy that
dialog: mediates the sexuality of those who
dialog: have died with an intensity impossible
dialog: in any other form. To fully understand
dialog: that, and to live that... that is my
dialog: project.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What about the reshaping of the human
dialog: body by modern technology? I thought
dialog: that was your project.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
text: A crude sci-fi concept that floats
text: on the surface and doesn't threaten
dialog: anybody. I use it to test the
dialog: resilience of my potential partners
dialog: in psychopathology.
text: The traffic has jammed up to a walking pace. Using his horn,
text: Vaughan forces the drivers in the slower lanes to back up
text: and let him across on to the hard shoulder. Once free, he
text: accelerates past the lines of traffic, occasionally scraping
text: the right flank of the Lincoln against the cement divider.
text: In the distance the airport car-park looms.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT CAR-PARK -- DAY
text: The Lincoln spirals its way up toward the upper levels of
text: the airport carpark. James just spots a sharp-faced young
text: woman in a very short skirt, an airport whore, provocatively
text: bent over a railing ostensibly to watch airplanes land and
text: take off, when Vaughan slams on the brakes and jumps out of
dialog: the car.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: You drive.
text: The startled James numbly obeys, sliding over into the
text: driver's seat as Vaughan approaches the whore and begins to
text: negotiate with her. James gingerly maneuvers the boat-like
text: car to one side to allow traffic to pass as Vaughan returns
text: with the gum-chewing whore in tow.
text: As the girl, with short black hair and a boy's narrow-hipped
text: body, opens the passenger door, Vaughan hands her a joint
text: and lights it for her. Then, lifting her chin, he puts his
text: fingers in her mouth and plucks out the knot of gum, flicking
text: it away into the darkness.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: Let's get rid of that. I don't want
dialog: you blowing it up my urethra.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT ROADS -- NIGHT
text: James drives the Lincoln along the bizarrely lighted roads
text: that ring the airport. Vaughan and the whore are in the back
dialog: seat.
scene_heading: INT. LINCOLN -- NIGHT
text: James adjusts the rear-view mirror so that he can see into
text: the rear seat. Vaughan is having strange, disconnected sex
text: with the whore. James realizes that he can almost control
text: the sexual act behind him by the way in which he drives the
dialog: car.
text: It is, in that sense, a sexual threesome -- or, more properly,
text: a foursome, because the sex between Vaughan and the whore
text: takes place in the hooded grottoes of the luminescent dials,
text: surging needles and blinking lights of the black, brooding
dialog: Lincoln.
scene_heading: INT. FILM STUDIO. JAMES'S OFFICE -- DAY
text: James and Renata sort through some storyboards together at
text: the architect's table. Renata takes a few cast-offs and walks
text: past the window toward the filing cabinet. She takes a quick
text: peek out the window on her way.
speaker_heading: RENATA
dialog: Your friend's still out there.
text: James leaves the table and looks out the window. Vaughan is
text: sitting in his car in the center of the parking-lot. Most of
text: the staff are leaving for home, taking their cars one by one
text: from the slots around Vaughan's dusty limousine.
speaker_heading: RENATA
dialog: What does he want from you?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Hard to say.
speaker_heading: RENATA
dialog: I'm going to leave now. Do you want
dialog: a lift?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: No, thanks. I'll go with Vaughan.
scene_heading: EXT. FILM STUDIO. PARKING-LOT -- DUSK
text: James walks out into the nearly deserted parking-lot to find
text: two cars parked in front of Vaughan's Lincoln: a police patrol
text: car and Catherine's white sports car.
text: One policeman is inspecting the Lincoln, peering through the
text: dusty windows, with Vaughan fidgeting beside him. The other
text: stands beside Catherine's car, questioning her.
text: James slows guiltily as both policemen begin to talk to
text: Vaughan. Catherine spots James and walks crisply over to
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: They're questioning Vaughan about an
text: accident near the airport. Some
dialog: pedestrian... they think he was run
text: over intentionally.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Vaughan isn't interested in
text: pedestrians.
text: As if taking their cue from this, the policemen walk back to
text: their car. Vaughan watches them go, head raised like a
text: periscope.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: You'd better drive him. He's a bit
dialog: shaky. I'll follow in my car. Where
dialog: is yours?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: At home. I couldn't face all this
dialog: traffic.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: I'd better come with you, then. Are
dialog: you sure you can drive?
text: As Catherine and James walk toward Vaughan, he reaches into
text: the rear seat of his car and pulls out a white sweatshirt.
text: As he takes off his denim jacket, the falling light picks
text: out the scars on his naked abdomen and chest, a constellation
text: of white chips that circle his body from the left armpit
text: down to his crotch.
scene_heading: EXT. JAMMED MOTORWAY -- NIGHT
text: The Lincoln has entered an immense traffic jam, and brake-
text: lights flare in the evening air. Vaughan sits with one arm
text: out the passenger window. He slaps the door impatiently,
text: pounding the panel with his fist.
text: A police car speeds down the descent lane of a flyover,
text: headlights and roof-lamps flashing. Ahead, two policemen
text: steer the traffic from the nearside curb. Warning tripods
text: set up on the pavement flash a rhythmic 'Slow... Slow...
dialog: Accident... Accident...'
text: Eventually, they begin to edge past the accident site, which
text: is lit by a circle of police spotlights. Three vehicles -- a
text: taxi, a limousine and a small sports sedan -- have collided
text: where an on-ramp joins the main roadway. A crowd has gathered
text: on the sidewalks and on the pedestrian bridge that spans the
dialog: road.
text: Beside the taxi, its three passengers lie in a group, blankets
text: swathing their chests and legs. First-aid men work on the
text: driver, an elderly man who sits upright against the fender
text: of his car, face and clothes speckled with drops of blood.
text: The limousine's passengers still sit in the deep cabin of
text: their car, their identities sealed behind the starred internal
dialog: window.
scene_heading: INT. VAUGHAN'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: Catherine has half hidden herself behind the passenger seat.
text: Her steady eyes follow the skid marks and loops of
text: bloodstained oil that cross the familiar macadam like a battle
dialog: diagram.
text: Vaughan, by contrast, leans out the window, both arms ready
text: as if about to seize one of the bodies. In some recess in
text: the back seat he has found a camera, which now swings from
text: his neck.
text: Siren whining, a third ambulance drives down the oncoming
text: lane. A police motorcyclist cuts in front of James and slows
text: to a halt, signalling him to wait and allow the ambulance to
text: pass. James stops the car.
text: Ten yards from them is the crushed limousine, the body of
text: the young chauffeur still lying on the ground beside it.
text: Three engineers work with surreal hand-tools and hydraulic
text: cutting and prying equipment at the rear doors of the
text: limousine. They sever the jammed door mechanism and pull
text: back the door to expose the passengers trapped inside the
dialog: compartment.
text: The two passengers, a pink-faced man in his fifties wearing
text: a black overcoat, and a younger woman with a pale, anemic
text: skin, still sit upright, staring blankly, in the rear seat.
text: A policeman pulls away the traveling rug that covers their
text: legs and waists. The woman's legs are bare, the older man's
text: feet splayed, apparently broken at the ankles. The woman's
text: skirt has ridden up around her waist, and her left hand holds
text: the window strap.
text: As the older man turns to the woman, one hand searching for
text: her, he slips sideways off the seat, his ankles kicking at
text: the clutter of leather valises and broken glass.
text: The traffic stream moves on. James eases the car forwards.
text: Vaughan raises the camera to his eye, lowering it from sight
text: when an ambulance attendant tries to knock it from his hands.
text: The pedestrian bridge passes overhead. Half out of the car,
text: Vaughan peers at the scores of legs pressed against the metal
text: railings, then opens the door and dives out.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTORWAY VERGE -- NIGHT
text: As James pulls the Lincoln on to the verge, Vaughan runs
text: back to the pedestrian bridge, darting in and out of the
text: cars. James and Catherine get out of the car.
text: As James closes the door, he notices that the blood of one
text: of the accident victims has somehow been splashed on to the
text: door handle, and that some of it is now on his hand.
text: He finds a section of newspaper at the side of the road and
text: wipes the blood off his hand. When he looks up, he realizes
text: that Catherine has followed Vaughan back to the accident
dialog: site.
scene_heading: EXT. JAMMED MOTORWAY -- NIGHT
text: James walks back alone, eventually spotting them among the
text: throng of spectators, Catherine watching Vaughan's scarred
text: face intently, provocatively, as he photographs every aspect
dialog: of the accident.
text: There is a calmly festive and pervasive sexuality in the air
text: among the onlookers, and even a congregational feeling as
text: one group of engineers works on the crushed sports sedan,
text: prying at the metal roof which has been flattened on to the
text: heads of the occupants.
text: And now Vaughan poses an only slightly reluctant Catherine
text: against the backdrop of the stricken taxi as though she were
text: one of the shaken survivors of the accident.
text: When the roof of the sports sedan is levered up, the hair of
text: the driver, its only passenger, comes off with it as though
text: scalped, stuck to the roofliner with drying blood. But it's
text: soon apparent that it's not hair, but rather a cheap, tangled,
text: platinum blond wig.
text: Vaughan makes his way over to the sedan, intrigued by the
text: dangling 'scalp', which is almost phosphorescent in the road-
text: rescue work lights. Catherine trails obediently behind him,
text: like a harshly disciplined puppy.
text: When the body of the driver is exposed to the lights, the
text: effect is doubly grotesque, for not only is the driver dead
text: and partially crushed, but he is also a cross-dresser:
text: Seagrave, in Jayne Mansfield drag. His long, greasy hair is
text: tied up in a knot on his head, he is unshaven, his huge,
text: fake bosom is bloody and askew; his bloated, muscular body
text: strains against the pink 60s skirt and jacket, the blue suede
text: boots with high heels.
text: There is also a dead Chihuahua bitch inside the car with
text: Seagrave, which Vaughan manages to move with his foot until
text: a cop, outraged, shoos him away. The dog is stiff with rigor
text: mortis, obviously dead long before the crash.
text: An excited Vaughan has spotted James and now approaches him,
text: breathless.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: It's Seagrave. He was worried that
dialog: we would never do Jayne Mansfield's
dialog: crash, now that the police were
dialog: cracking down. So he did it himself.
text: Vaughan turns back to look at the wreck again, almost
text: reverent. This is Seagrave's own solitary work of art.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: (shakes his head)
dialog: The dog -- God, the dog is brilliant,
dialog: perfect. I wonder where he got it?
text: Now Vaughan turns to James, his face flushed, incandescent
dialog: with joy.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: Come with me, James. I have to
dialog: document it.
text: Vaughan lopes off toward the Seagrave wreck.
text: But James hangs back, watching, as the passengers from the
text: taxi are carried on stretchers to an ambulance. The dead
text: chauffeur of the limousine lies with a blanket over his face,
text: while a doctor and two ambulance men climb into the rear
dialog: compartment.
text: Beyond them, Vaughan begins to snap away at every possible
text: aspect of Seagrave's wreck, beginning with the dead Chihuahua.
scene_heading: EXT. MOTORWAY VERGE -- NIGHT
text: Some time later, as the crowd disperses and the traffic begins
text: to flow normally, James kneels beside the Lincoln and shows
text: Vaughan the blood on his door. Catherine sits in the back
dialog: seat.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: We must have driven through a pool
dialog: of blood. If the police stop you
text: again, they may impound the car while
text: they have the blood analyzed.
text: Vaughan kneels beside him and inspects the smears of blood.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: You're right, Ballard. There's an
text: all-night car-wash in the airport
dialog: service area.
text: Vaughan rises and holds the door open for James, who sits
text: behind the wheel, expecting Vaughan to walk around the car
text: and sit beside him. Instead, Vaughan pulls open the rear
text: door and climbs in beside Catherine.
text: As they set off, Vaughan's camera lands on the front seat.
scene_heading: INT. VAUGHAN'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: As they drive, James watches Catherine in the rear-view
text: mirror. She sits in the center of the back seat, elbows
text: forward on her knees, looking over his shoulder at the
text: speeding lights of the expressway. At the first traffic light,
text: she smiles at James reassuringly.
text: Vaughan sits like a bored gangster beside her, his left knee
text: leaning against her thigh. One hand rubs his groin absent-
text: mindedly. He stares at the nape of her neck, running his
text: eyes along the profiles of her cheek and shoulder.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR-WASH -- NIGHT
text: Near the airport, the Lincoln joins a line of cars waiting
text: their turn to pass through the automatic car-wash. In the
text: darkness, the three nylon rollers drum against the sides and
text: roof of a taxi parked in the washing station, water and soap
text: solution jetting from the metal gantries.
text: Fifty yards away, the two night attendants sit in their glass
text: cubicle beside the deserted fuel pumps, reading their comic
text: books and playing a radio.
scene_heading: INT. VAUGHAN'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: The car ahead advances a few yards, its brake-lights
text: illuminating the interior of the Lincoln, covering the trio
text: with a pink sheen. Through the rear-view mirror James sees
text: that Catherine is leaning against the back seat, her shoulder
text: pressed tightly into Vaughan's. Her eyes are fixed on
text: Vaughan's chest, on the scars around his injured nipples,
text: shining like points of light.
text: James edges the Lincoln forward a few feet. When he turns
text: around, he sees that Vaughan is holding in his cupped right
text: hand his wife's bare breast.
text: James fumbles for change as Vaughan caresses Catherine's
text: nipple in the back seat. Catherine looks down at this breast
text: with rapt eyes, as if seeing it for the first time, fascinated
dialog: by its unique geometry.
scene_heading: EXT. CAR-WASH -- NIGHT
text: Their car is alone in the washing bay. A voice rings out.
text: Cigarette in hand, one of the attendants stands in the wet
text: darkness, beckoning to James, who inserts his coins in the
text: pay slot and closes the window.
text: Water jets on to the car, clouding the windows and shutting
text: the trio into the interior.
scene_heading: INT. VAUGHAN'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: Within their blue grotto, Vaughan lies diagonally across the
text: back seat. Catherine kneels across him, skirt rolled around
text: her waist. The light refracted through the soap solution
text: jetting across the windows covers their bodies with a
text: luminescent glow, like two semi-metallic human beings of the
text: future making love in a chromium bower.
text: The gantry engine begins to drum. The rollers pound across
text: the hood of the Lincoln and roar forward to the windshield,
text: driving the soap solution into a whirlwind of froth. Catherine
text: settles over Vaughan, and as the rollers drum against the
text: roof and doors, Vaughan drives his pelvis upwards, almost
text: lifting his buttocks off the seat.
text: In the mounting roar of the rollers, she and Vaughan rock
text: together, Vaughan holding her breasts together with his palms
text: as if trying to force them into a single globe. When his
text: hands move away to her buttocks, James can see that her
text: breasts have been bruised by Vaughan's fingers, the marks
text: forming a pattern like crash injuries.
text: At just this moment, Catherine looks into James's eyes in an
text: instant of complete lucidity. Her expression shows both irony
text: and affection, an acceptance of a sexual logic they both
dialog: recognize and have prepared themselves for.
text: James sits quietly in the front seat as the white soap sluices
text: across the roof and doors like liquid lace. Catherine cries
text: out, a gasp of pain cut off by Vaughan's strong hand across
text: her mouth. He sits back with her legs across his hips,
text: slapping her with his free hand. His sweaty face is clamped
text: in an expression of anger and distress. The blows raise
text: blunted weals on Catherine's arm and hips.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED MOTORWAY -- NIGHT
text: James drives the Lincoln home along a deserted motorway.
scene_heading: INT. VAUGHAN'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: The street-lamps illuminate Vaughan's sleeping face in the
text: rear of the car, scarred mouth lying open like a child's
text: against the sweat-soaked seat.
text: Catherine sits forward, freeing herself from Vaughan. She
text: touches James's shoulder in a gesture of domestic affection.
text: In the mirror, James can see the weals on her cheek and neck,
text: the bruised mouth that deforms her nervous smile.
scene_heading: EXT. BALLARD APT. BUILDING -- NIGHT
text: The Lincoln pulls up at the Ballards' apartment building.
text: James and Catherine get out and stand in the darkness beside
text: the now-immaculate black car. Vaughan is still asleep in the
text: back. James takes Catherine's arm to steady her, holding her
text: bag in his hand.
text: As they walk toward the entrance, Vaughan gets up and climbs
text: unsteadily behind the steering wheel. Without looking back
text: at James and Catherine, he starts the engine and quietly
text: drives off.
scene_heading: INT. BALLARD APT. BUILDING. ELEVATOR -- NIGHT
text: In the elevator, James holds Catherine closely, lovingly.
scene_heading: INT. BALLARD APT. BEDROOM -- NIGHT
text: That night, James kneels over Catherine as she lies diagonally
text: across the bed, her small feet resting on his pillow, one
text: hand over her right breast.
text: She watches him with a calm and affectionate gaze as he
text: explores her body and bruises, feeling them gently with his
text: fingers, lips and cheeks, tracing and interpreting the raw
text: symbols that Vaughan's hands and mouth have left across her
dialog: skin.
scene_heading: INT. AIRPORT CONVENTION CENTER. AUTO SHOW -- DAY
text: James and the crippled Gabrielle visit the annual auto show,
text: which occupies the immense halls of the airport convention
text: center. He watches appreciatively as she swings herself on
text: her shackled legs among the hundreds of cars displayed on
dialog: their stands.
text: Gabrielle approaches the imposing Mercedes stand and, pivoting
text: about on her heels, seems to take immense pleasure from these
text: immaculate vehicles, placing her scarred hands on their
text: paintwork, rolling her injured hips against them like an
dialog: unpleasant cat.
text: She soon draws the attention of a young salesman, who tries
text: hard not to notice her scars and braces.
speaker_heading: SALESMAN
dialog: Is there something here that interests
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: GABRIELLE
dialog: The white sports model. Could you
dialog: help me into it, please? I'd like to
dialog: see if I can fit into a car designed
dialog: for a normal body.
text: Both James and Gabrielle enjoy the salesman's discomfort as
text: he helps her into the Mercedes sports car.
text: She does her best to make it difficult, deliberately snagging
text: her leg brace clips on the soft leather of the driver's side
text: armrest, forcing him to unhook her and to touch her deformed
text: thighs and knees while manipulating her legs into the
text: footwell.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT CONVENTION CENTER. PARKING-LOT -- LATE DAY
text: James makes love to Gabrielle in the front seat of her small
text: invalid car, deliberately involving the complex hand controls
dialog: in the mechanics of their sex.
text: As he slips his hand around her right breast, he collides
text: with the strange geometry of the car's interior.
text: Unexpected controls jut from beneath the steering wheel. A
text: cluster of chromium treadles is fastened to a steel pivot
text: clamped to the steering column. An extension on the floor-
text: mounted gear lever rises laterally, giving way to a vertical
text: wing of chromium metal moulded into the reverse of a driver's
dialog: palm.
text: Amid this small forest of machinery, James explores
text: Gabrielle's new and strange body, feeling his way among the
text: braces and straps of her underwear, the unfamiliar planes of
text: her hips and legs, the unique culs-de-sac, odd declensions
text: of skin and musculature.
text: Gabrielle lies back. She lifts her left foot so that the leg
text: brace rests against his knee. In the inner surface of her
text: thigh the straps form marked depressions, troughs of reddened
text: skin hollowed out in the forms of buckles and clasps. James
text: unshackles the left leg brace and runs his fingers along the
text: hot, corrugated skin of the deep buckle groove.
text: The exposed portions of her body are joined together by the
text: loosened braces and straps. Through the fading afternoon
text: light the airplanes move across their heads along the east --
text: west runways of the airport. Gabrielle's hand moves across
text: his chest, opening his shirt, her fingers finding the small
text: scars below his collarbone, the imprint of the instrument
text: binnacle of his own crashed car. She runs the tip of her
text: tongue into each of the wound-scars on his chest and abdomen.
text: James exposes her breasts, feeling for the wound areas which
text: surround them. As he tries to enter her, she puts her hand
text: over his mouth.
speaker_heading: GABRIELLE
dialog: Don't. Not there.
text: She spreads her left leg and exposes a deep, trench-like
text: wound-scar in her inner thigh. She directs his hand to this
dialog: neo-sex organ.
speaker_heading: GABRIELLE
dialog: Do it there. And then after that, do
dialog: it here.
text: Gabrielle rotates over him so that he can see the wounds of
text: her right hip. James turns her back, pulls her thigh in
text: between his own thighs and enters her scar. With his mouth
text: fastened on the scar beneath her left breast, his tongue
text: exploring its sickle-shaped trough, he comes almost
dialog: immediately.
scene_heading: INT. FILM STUDIO -- NIGHT
text: We float through the studio past a one-story-high automobile
text: battery. Its six cells are transparent and each one contains
text: something submerged in the bubbly water that represents
text: battery acid: a two-man submarine, a scuba diver, a small
dialog: shark...
text: James stands pacing as the dolly shot is reset, lighting is
text: adjusted. An AD brings him a cellular phone.
speaker_heading: AD
dialog: Somebody named Vaughan. Do you want
dialog: it?
text: James nods. The AD presses the TALK button and hands the
dialog: phone to James.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Hello? Ballard.
scene_heading: INT. TATTOO PARLOR -- NIGHT
text: We are close on Vaughan's scarred mouth.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: I need to see you, Ballard. I need
dialog: to talk to you about the project.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: (phone)
dialog: Where are you?
scene_heading: EXT. MALL. TATTOO PARLOR -- NIGHT
text: James drives up to the tattoo parlor, which is located in a
text: small mall. It is next to a small, private medical clinic,
text: and has the same antiseptic, untextured look of the ear,
text: nose and throat suite next door.
scene_heading: INT. TATTOO PARLOR -- NIGHT
text: James enters to discover Vaughan getting a wound tattoo on
text: his abdomen, one that looks as though it could have been
text: made by the fluted lower edge of a plastic steering wheel.
text: The woman giving Vaughan the tattoo is sexless and
dialog: professional. She could be a nurse or a hospital dietician.
text: James sits next to them, barely acknowledged by the woman.
text: Vaughan has messy papers spread out in front of him that
text: include stylized sketches of famous crash wounds, photos of
text: Andy Warhol's scars, automotive styling-detail drawings from
dialog: a 50s Detroit design studio.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: (to tattooist)
dialog: You're making it too clean.
speaker_heading: TATTOOIST
dialog: Medical tattoos are supposed to be
dialog: clean.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: This isn't a medical tattoo. This is
text: a prophetic tattoo. Prophesy is dirty
text: and ragged. Make it dirty and ragged.
speaker_heading: TATTOOIST
dialog: (a hint of sarcasm)
dialog: Prophetic? Is this personal prophesy
dialog: or global prophesy?
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: There's no difference. James -- I
dialog: want you to let her give you this
dialog: one.
text: Vaughan spreads out a stained scrap of paper as though it
text: were a sacred piece of parchment. On it is a fiercely sketched
text: wound that looks as though it were made by the Lincoln's
text: hood ornament.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Where do you think that one should
dialog: go?
text: Vaughan spreads his legs in a mechanical, unsexual way and
text: grabs the right inner thigh of his greasy jeans.
speaker_heading: VAUGHAN
dialog: It should go here.
scene_heading: INT. VAUGHAN'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: We are close on the fresh tattoo on James's inner thigh. It
text: looks more like a cartoon version of a wound than a real
text: wound. We can see it because James's trousers are down around
text: his knees.
text: Vaughan's face comes into frame. He gently kisses the tattoo.
text: James lifts Vaughan's face to his own and kisses his mouth,
text: touches his tongue to each of the scars around Vaughan's
dialog: mouth.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERPASS NEAR AUTO-WRECKER'S YARD -- NIGHT
text: We see that the Lincoln sits in the shadow of an underpass
text: at the edge of an abandoned auto-wrecker's yard, looking
text: quite comfortable next to the stacks of crushed auto hulks
text: and piles of wheels and bumpers visible through the chain-
dialog: link fence.
scene_heading: INT. VAUGHAN'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: James and Vaughan show their wounds to each other, exposing
text: the scars on their chests and hands to the beckoning injury
text: sites on the interior of the car, to the pointed sills of
text: the chromium ashtrays, to the curtain of wheel covers hanging
text: on a web of twisted wire just outside the car window.
text: They touch, embrace, kiss.
scene_heading: EXT. UNDERPASS NEAR AUTO-WRECKER'S YARD -- NIGHT
text: James steps unsteadily from the Lincoln into the roadway,
text: followed for an instant by Vaughan's uncertain arm reaching
dialog: for him.
text: He moves away from the car, along the palisade to the
text: overgrown entrance of the wrecker's yard. Above him, the
text: cars on the motorway move like motorized wrecks.
scene_heading: EXT. AUTO-WRECKER'S YARD -- NIGHT
text: Just outside the fence of the auto-wrecker's yard, a wreck,
text: its engine and wheels removed, sits on its axles. James opens
text: the door on its rusting hinges. A confetti of fragmented
text: glass covers the front passenger seat.
text: James gets in and sits there for a moment, crouched over the
text: mudstreaked instrument panel, his knees tightened against
text: his chest wall. A moment or two of this strangely comforting
text: foetal security, and then James unfolds and begins to get
text: back out of the car.
text: An engine starts with a roar. As James steps back into the
text: roadway he is briefly aware of a heavy black vehicle
text: accelerating toward him from the shadow of the overpass where
text: he and Vaughan embraced together. Its white-walled tires
text: tear through the broken beer bottles and cigarette packs in
text: the gutter, mount the narrow curb and hurtle on toward him.
text: Knowing that Vaughan will not stop, will kill him, James
text: presses himself against the concrete wall. The Lincoln swerves
text: after him, its right-hand fender striking the rear wheel
text: housing of the car James has just left. It swings away,
text: ripping the open passenger door from its hinges.
text: A column of exploding dust and torn newspaper rises into the
text: air as it slides sideways across the access road. The Lincoln
text: remounts the curb on the far side of the road, crushing a
text: ten-yard section of the wooden palisade.
text: James can see Vaughan flicking a look back, his hard eyes
text: calculating whether or not he can make a second pass at him.
text: The rear wheels regain their traction on the road surface
text: and the car swings away on to the motorway above.
text: James leans against the roof of the abandoned car. The
text: passenger door has been crushed into the front fender, the
text: deformed metal welded together by the impact.
text: James retches suddenly and emptily.
text: Shreds of torn paper eddy through the air around him, pasting
text: themselves at various points against the crushed door panel
text: and radiator hood.
scene_heading: EXT. BALLARD APT. BALCONY -- DAY
text: James sits on the balcony of his apartment, watching the
text: sky. A single-engined airplane floats above the motorway, a
text: glass dragonfly carried by the sun. It seems to hang
text: motionless, the propeller rotating slowly like a toy
text: aircraft's. The light pours from its wings in a ceaseless
dialog: fountain.
text: Below it, the traffic moves sluggishly along the crowded
text: concrete lanes, the roofs of the vehicles forming a continuous
text: carapace of polished cellulose.
text: Suddenly, Catherine is behind him. She puts her hands on his
text: shoulders and he turns to her as though in a dream, gestures
text: toward the airplane.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I thought that was you, up there.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: My last lesson's next week.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: James... my car...
text: James can see now that Catherine is frightened. He takes her
dialog: hand.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: What? Tell me.
scene_heading: EXT. BALLARD APT. DRIVEWAY -- DAY
text: Catherine's car sits in the driveway. The paintwork along
text: the left-hand side has been marked in some minor collision.
text: Catherine and James stand examining the mark soberly,
text: archeologists faced with a problematic hieroglyph.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
text: I wasn't driving. I'd left the car
text: in the parking-lot at the airport.
dialog: Could it have been deliberate?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: One of your suitors?
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: One of my suitors.
text: He kneels down to examine the assault on her car.
text: He feels the abrasions on the left-hand door and body panels,
text: explores with his hand the deep trench that runs the full
text: length of the car from the crushed tail-light to the front
text: headlamp. The imprint of the other car's heavy front bumper
text: is clearly marked on the rear wheel guard.
text: James rises and takes Catherine's arm. He opens the passenger
text: door for her.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: It's Vaughan. He's courting you.
dialog: Let's go find him.
scene_heading: EXT. DESERTED MOTORWAY -- LATE DAY
text: Catherine's car hurtles along a deserted six-lane highway.
scene_heading: INT. CATHERINE'S CAR -- LATE DAY
text: James is driving. He looks across at Catherine. She sits
text: very still, pale, one hand on the window-sill.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: The traffic... where is everyone?
dialog: They've all gone away.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: I'd like to go back. James...
speaker_heading: JAMES
text: Not yet. It's only beginning.
scene_heading: EXT. FAMILIAR STRETCHES OF ROAD -- LATE DAY INTO NIGHT
text: They drive past stretches of road we have seen before: the
text: underpass near the wrecker's yard, several accident sites
dialog: and filling stations, etc.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT FILLING STATION -- NIGHT
text: One of the filling stations is near the airport. As they
text: cruise by it, they spot Vera Seagrave talking to a girl
text: attendant at the pumps.
text: James turns into the forecourt. Vera is dressed in a heavily
text: insulated leather jacket, as though she were about to leave
dialog: on an Antarctic expedition.
text: James calls to her from the car.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Vera! Vera Seagrave!
text: At first she fails to recognize him. Her firm eyes cut across
text: him to Catherine's elegant figure, as if suspicious of her
text: cross-legged posture.
text: James gets out of the car and approaches Vera. He points to
text: the suitcases in the rear seat of Vera's car.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Are you leaving, Vera? Listen, I'm
text: trying to find Vaughan.
text: Vera finishes with the girl and, still staring at Catherine,
text: steps into her car.
speaker_heading: VERA
text: The police are after him. An American
dialog: serviceman was killed on the Northolt
text: overpass.
text: James puts his hand on the windshield, but she switches on
text: the windshield wipers, almost cutting the knuckle of his
dialog: wrist.
speaker_heading: VERA
dialog: I was with him in the car at the
dialog: time.
text: Before James can stop her, she accelerates toward the exit
text: and turns into the fast evening traffic.
text: James gets back into Catherine's car.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I think he'll be waiting for us at
dialog: the airport.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: James...
text: James turns the car into the traffic.
scene_heading: EXT. AIRPORT ROADWAYS -- NIGHT
text: Vaughan is waiting for them at the airport flyover. He makes
text: no attempt to hide himself, pushing his heavy car into the
text: passing traffic stream.
text: Apparently uninterested in them, Vaughan lies against his
text: door sill, almost asleep at the wheel as he surges forward
text: when the lights change. His left hand drums across the rim
text: of the steering wheel as he swerves the Lincoln to and fro
text: across the road surface.
text: His face is fixed in a rigid mask as he cuts in and out of
text: the traffic lanes, surging ahead in the fast lane until he
text: is abreast of them and then sliding back behind them, allowing
text: other cars to cut between them and then taking up a watchful
text: position in the slow lane.
text: James can see that Vaughan's car has become even more battered
text: than it was before, scarred with many impact points, a rear
text: window broken, cracked headlamps, a body panel detached from
text: the off-side rear wheel housing, the front bumper hanging
text: from the chassis pinion, its rusting lower curvature touching
text: the ground as Vaughan corners.
text: When they slow down for a line of tankers, Vaughan makes his
text: move. He pulls up beside them and then cuts viciously across
text: three lanes of traffic to hit them broadside. The nose of
text: the Lincoln just nicks the tail of the light sports car,
text: which spins down the road.
text: The Lincoln keeps on going, its vast momentum taking it into
text: the guard rails of the exit ramp, and then over them.
text: Catherine and James slam spinning into the tail of a tanker
text: which has all but stopped. The traffic behind them has already
text: been slowing and thus easily avoids hitting the sports car
text: when it comes bouncing to a halt across two traffic lanes.
text: Catherine lies back, sprawled in her seat, eyes wide and
text: staring with fright, body rigid, bleeding from a small cut
text: on her cheekbone. James jumps out of the car, then immediately
text: slows with a limp. He continues, working his way doggedly
text: through the motionless cars to the edge of the ramp.
text: When he looks over the edge, James sees that Vaughan's Lincoln
text: has plunged into the top of an airline coach which was running
text: on the roadway below. With the Lincoln now inside it, the
text: coach then slewed sideways and crashed into several other
dialog: vehicles.
text: Wreckage, flames and blood are everywhere.
text: James's eyes are wide: not with horror, but with excitement.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE POUND -- NIGHT
text: Catherine and James stand at the gatehouse of the police
text: pound, collecting the gate key from the mustachioed, sharp-
text: eyed young officer there.
text: They then walk down the lines of seized and abandoned
text: vehicles. The pound is in darkness, lit only by the street-
text: lights reflected in the dented chromium.
text: They soon find Vaughan's crashed Lincoln, massive and
text: charismatic even here, even in death. James manages to wrench
text: open the passenger-side rear door enough to allow them both
dialog: to get inside.
scene_heading: INT. VAUGHAN'S CAR -- NIGHT
text: Sitting in the rear seat of the Lincoln, Catherine and James
text: make brief, ritual love, her buttocks held tightly in his
text: hands as she sits across his waist.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE POUND -- NIGHT
text: Afterwards, they walk among the cars. The beams of small
text: headlamps cut across their knees. An open car has stopped
text: beside the gatehouse. Two women sit behind the windshield,
text: peering into the darkness.
text: A pause, and then the car moves forward, its driver turning
text: the wheel until the headlamps illuminate the remains of the
text: dismembered vehicle in which Vaughan died.
text: The woman in the passenger seat steps out and pauses briefly
text: by the gates. It is Helen Remington. When she helps the driver
text: out of the car, James and Catherine see that it is the
text: crippled Gabrielle, her leg shackles clacking as she and
text: Helen begin to walk toward Vaughan's car.
text: They stroll haltingly, arms around each other, like strange
text: lovers in a cemetery visiting a favorite mausoleum. At one
text: point, Helen kisses Gabrielle's hand, and it is obvious that
text: they have become lovers.
text: James and Catherine circle away from the couple and make
text: their way back to the gatehouse.
text: In the depths of the pound, Helen helps Gabrielle into the
text: Lincoln. In the darkness of the back seat, they embrace.
scene_heading: EXT. POLICE POUND. GATEHOUSE -- NIGHT
text: James stands talking to the officer at the gatehouse window,
text: holding Catherine's arm around his waist, pressing her fingers
text: against the muscles of his stomach.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: I'd like to register a claim for the
dialog: black 1963 Lincoln, the one that
dialog: came in a couple of days ago. Is
dialog: there a form I can fill out?
speaker_heading: POUND OFFICER
dialog: There certainly is, but you'll have
dialog: to come back between 7:30 and 4:30
dialog: to get one. What's your attachment
dialog: to that thing?
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: A close friend owned it.
speaker_heading: POUND OFFICER
dialog: Well, it's got to be a total write-
dialog: off. I don't see what you could
dialog: possibly do with it.
scene_heading: EXT. CROWDED RAIN-STREAKED ROADWAY -- SUNSET
text: We are close on the huge, battle-scarred grill of Vaughan's
text: Lincoln, now brought back to swaying, bellowing life.
dialog: The restoration of the Lincoln is as Vaughan would have wanted
dialog: it: just enough to get it running and nothing more, with
text: ugly brown primer slapped on to the replaced panels, and
text: whatever was cracked, scraped and crumpled still cracked,
text: scraped and crumpled -- a mobile accident rolling on badly
text: misaligned wheels.
scene_heading: INT. VAUGHAN'S LINCOLN -- SUNSET
text: We pull back to see James alone in the car. The road is
text: crowded and manic; James is intense, hard, exhilarated, alert --
text: a hunter. The car is full of junk, pop cans, styrofoam
text: containers, all suggesting that he has basically been living
text: in the car for some time.
text: James is searching for something among the lanes of traffic,
text: threading the immense car in and out of the shifting holes
text: that appear and disappear, driving with a fluid recklessness
text: that is recognizably Vaughan's style.
text: Suddenly, James becomes tense, focused: he has spotted what
dialog: he has been looking for.
scene_heading: EXT. CROWDED RAIN-STREAKED ROADWAY -- SUNSET
text: Through the Lincoln's insect- and oil-smeared windshield we
text: can see the unmistakable shape of Catherine's white sports
text: car, itself winding its way aggressively through the braids
dialog: of vehicles.
text: The Lincoln lurches out on to the narrow emergency lane and
text: takes off after Catherine's car, scraping the low concrete
text: wall as it wallows from side to side, clipping the corner of
text: a truck that has made the lane too narrow.
scene_heading: INT. CATHERINE'S SPORTS CAR -- SUNSET
text: In her mirrors, Catherine spots the Lincoln charging toward
text: her along the emergency lane. Her demeanor is just as
text: predatory as James's, and she does not hesitate to react.
text: Catherine cranks the steering wheel to the right and dives
text: across two lanes of startled vehicles to fishtail down a
text: little-used utility access road.
text: Behind her, and closing rapidly, the lumbering Lincoln follows
dialog: suit.
scene_heading: EXT. UTILITY ROAD -- SUNSET
text: Around the decreasing-radius curve of the utility road, the
text: more nimble sports car stretches out the distance between it
text: and the Lincoln, but once the road uncurls, the booming V-8
text: allows the American car to gobble up the ground until it is
text: nose to tail with Catherine's car.
text: James begins to bump the tail of the sports car, breaking
text: off the accelerator for a beat to let the white car -- which
dialog: looks especially fragile and delicate by comparison -- get
text: away a bit, then charging back until it makes contact.
text: Now the road ahead curves again, and just as Catherine enters
text: the curve, James gives her a seriously violent jolt. The
text: rear of her car slews off on to the grass verge, almost comes
text: back, then loses traction completely.
text: Catherine's car spins backwards off the road, then rolls
text: unceremoniously, almost gently, down a small grade, shedding
text: bits and pieces, until it finally flops to a halt on its
text: side in front of a cement culvert.
scene_heading: INT. VAUGHAN'S LINCOLN -- SUNSET
text: Momentum has carried James past the point where Catherine
text: has left the road. James stands on the brakes until the
text: Lincoln shudders to a halt. He jams the shift lever into
text: reverse and backs up, tires squealing and smoking in protest,
text: to where he saw her go over the edge.
scene_heading: EXT. UTILITY ROAD -- SUNSET
text: James jumps out of the car and stands for a beat at the edge
text: of the road on the wet grass, savoring the tableau below
dialog: him.
text: Catherine lies sprawled, half out of the car, her tight black
text: dress hiked up over her hips, one arm across her face as
text: though shielding her eyes from the sight of her ruined,
text: lightly smoking sports car.
text: James eagerly makes his way down the wet grass of the hill
text: toward Catherine. As he approaches her, she begins to move,
text: stretching her arms behind her head, as though awakening
text: from a deep sleep. He can now see that her dress is wet,
text: soaked by the dirty water trickling out of the culvert and
text: now dammed up by her torso.
text: James kneels close to Catherine.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Catherine. Are you all right? Are
dialog: you hurt?
text: Catherine's eyes flutter open. Her mascara is smeared, as
text: though she has been crying, and there is wetness at the
text: corners of her eyes. Her upper lip is bruised and beginning
text: to purple, and there is blood on her forehead and at the
text: corner of her mouth.
speaker_heading: CATHERINE
dialog: James, I... I don't know... I think
dialog: I'm all right...
text: James slips her panties down her legs, leaving them around
text: her left ankle when they snag on the one high-heeled shoe
text: she still has on. He gently rotates her on to her right hip,
text: undoes his fly, then lies down on the concrete with her,
text: ignoring the light, muddy stream which now begins to soak
text: the thigh of his trousers. Kissing the back of her neck, he
text: enters her from behind.
speaker_heading: JAMES
dialog: Maybe the next one, darling... Maybe
dialog: the next one...
text: We pull up and away from the couple on the ground until we
text: lose them behind the overturned sports car, then rise and
text: pivot until we are once again watching the frantic lanes of
text: traffic hurtling by obliviously only a few meters away.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
