dialog: 
speaker_heading: R A WwW L
dialog: by
dialog: Michael Rasmussen
dialog: and
dialog: Shawn Rasmussen
dialog: 9/16/2016
dialog: There have been over 300 documented alligator attacks
dialog: in Southern Florida.
dialog: Twenty-seven of them have been fatal...
scene_heading: SMASH IN ON:
text: The panicked face of a YOUNG WOMAN. Covered in mud and
dialog: blood.
text: She’s crawling on her stomach through a dark, constricted
dialog: space.
text: Frightened eyes scanning the claustrophobic surroundings.
text: Her senses on alert.
text: The muffled sounds of a STORM outside. HOWLING WINDS and
text: POUNDING RAIN...
text: Then a faint SCRAPING noise. Moving closer...
text: The young woman retreats back into the shadows.
text: Taking shelter behind a wooden support. Holding her
dialog: breath...
text: A low MENACING BELLOW...
text: As SOMETHING HUGE wipes the frame right in front of us.
text: Shockingly close. Blocking out our view.
text: Leaving nothing but DARKNESS.
text: An unsettling SILENCE.
text: OVER BLACK, a single-word TITLE:
speaker_heading: Cc R A Ww L
text: A long, quiet beat. Broken by the sound of a VIBRATING
text: PHONE...
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: INT. COLLEGE APARTMENT - BEDROOM - DAY
text: Someone GROANS. A LUMP shifts under a huge comforter.
text: A slender hand reaches out, searching the nightstand.
text: A CHARM BRACELET dangles from the wrist.
text: The same young woman, HALEY (19) pokes her head out from
text: under the covers. Hung over. Bleary-eyed.
text: She finds her phone. Checks the display -- BETH.
text: Takes a breath. Answers with a wrecked voice.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: H-hello?
scene_heading: INT. LONG ISLAND HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Haley's older sister BETH (26) is on the other end of the
text: line. She’s at the sink doing dishes. Wearing workout
text: clothes. Looks like her day began a while ago.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Jesus, are you just waking up?
scene_heading: INTERCUT AS NECESSARY
text: Haley swallows. Squints into the sunlight. Looking
text: around. She’s a natural beauty. Even after a long night
dialog: of drinking.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: What time is it?
speaker_heading: BETH
text: It’s almost noon.
text: Haley's head is throbbing. She climbs out of bed.
speaker_heading: BETH (CONT'D)
dialog: Late night?
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Yeah. I might have overdone it a
dialog: little.
text: A glimpse of her lean athletic build as she pulls on a
text: tank top. Slips into a pair of shorts.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: What's up?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I need you to go check on Dad. Got
text: a call from Katie.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: BETH (CONT'D)
text: She's been trying to reach him
dialog: since last night. Apparently he’s
text: not answering his phone.
text: Haley shuffles into her KITCHENETTE.
text: Opens a cabinet. Pours herself a bowl of cereal. Eating
text: it dry. Breakfast of Champions.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: So she called you? To call me?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Katie said she doesn't have your
dialog: number.
text: Haley sighs.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: She has it.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: I think she gets the feeling you
dialog: don’t like her.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Come on, Beth. I’m not gonna be
dialog: BFF’s with my dad’s new girlfriend.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Where is she anyway? Why can’t she
dialog: do it?
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: In Texas visiting family. She said
dialog: Dad was supposed to be on a job
dialog: yesterday. Prepping some properties
dialog: before this big storm.
text: Haley glances out the window. Into the bright daylight.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: I thought that was gonna miss us?
scene_heading: INT. LONG ISLAND HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY
text: Beth moves to a kitchen table. Her TWO-YEAR OLD sits in
text: a high chair, noisily playing with his food.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: That’s not what they’re saying on
dialog: the news. It’s supposed to hit you
dialog: guys this afternoon.
text: A MUTED TELEVISION in the corner. Tuned to a national
dialog: weather forecast.
text: A METEOROLOGIST in front of a satellite image. Ominous
text: clouds churning off the southern tip of Florida.
text: Beth’s FIVE-YEAR-OLD begins tugging at her pant leg,
text: trying to get his mother’s attention.
speaker_heading: BETH (CONT'D)
dialog: (aside to her kids)
text: Shh. Mommy’s on the phone with
dialog: your Aunt Haley.
text: Haley can hear the CHILDREN playing and talking in the
dialog: background of the call.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Sounds like you've got your hands
dialog: full.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Ah, yes. Domestic bliss. I’m
text: heading off to hot yoga in a minute
dialog: for some much-needed “me time.”
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Yeah. Well there’s nothing I love
dialog: more than spending my Saturday
dialog: driving an hour out of my way to
dialog: check on dear ol’ dad.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: You should go easy on him. He’s
dialog: been through a lot. We all have.
dialog: He deserves to be happy.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: I think he’s having a mid-life
dialog: crisis. Have you seen his new
text: earring? He looks like a pirate.
dialog: And not a sexy, Johnny-Depp-type
dialog: pirate.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
text: More like an old, trying-too-hard
dialog: pirate. I guess Katie likes it.
text: Beth laughs.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: So you'll check on him?
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Okay, I’m going.
speaker_heading: BETH
dialog: Thanks, sis. You're the best.
dialog: Love you.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Uh huh. I’11 call you when I get
dialog: there. Bye.
text: Haley hangs up. Scans through some pics on her phone.
text: Finds a recent SELFIE with her DAD. His arm lovingly
text: wrapped around his daughter’s shoulder.
text: He’s in his 40’s. Tanned from working outdoors.
text: Ruggedly handsome, although Haley would never admit it.
text: She annotates his earring and sketches an eyepatch over
text: his left eye.
text: Attaches the photo. Adding a caption: Arrr!
text: Sends it to Beth.
text: Haley finishes her cereal.
text: A moment later, her phone DINGS. A reply from her
dialog: sister: Oh, boy.
text: Haley smiles. Pulls on a varsity sweatshirt. Then grabs
text: her keys and dons a pair of sunglasses.
scene_heading: EXT. FLORIDA HIGHWAY - DAY
text: A Subaru Outback cruises down a divided highway cutting
text: through swampland. Heading South.
scene_heading: INT. OUTBACK - DAY
text: Haley drives. Windows down. Wind in her hair.
text: The car radio’s playing Lana Del Rey's YOUNG AND
text: BEAUTIFUL. She sings along, tapping the steering wheel.
scene_heading: EXT. FLORIDA HIGHWAY - DAY
text: The vehicle blasts under an overpass sign for: FORT
scene_heading: MYERS.
scene_heading: EXT. FAMILY HOUSE - AFTERNOON
text: Haley's Outback arrives at its destination. Pulling into
text: the driveway of a modest suburban home.
scene_heading: INT. FAMILY HOUSE - AFTERNOON
text: KEYS in the lock. The front door opens. Haley steps
text: inside.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Anybody home?
text: She's greeted by a big GOLDEN RETRIEVER.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey, Roscoe. Where’s Dad, huh?
dialog: Where is he?
text: The dog is jumping all over her. Like he hasn’t seen her
text: in ages. Haley grabs him. Brings him in for a big hug.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh, I know. I’ve missed you too.
text: He pulls away. Running to the back door. Seems really
text: desperate. Barking.
text: She lets him out. Wanders into the living room.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Dad!
text: Continues through the house. Searching the different
text: rooms. No sign of him. She heads upstairs.
scene_heading: INT. FAMILY HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Haley TAPS on the bedroom door. Pokes her head in.
text: With no one around, she decides to do a little snooping.
text: Rifles through a nearby dresser.
text: Haley finds a box of PHOTOGRAPHS in the bottom drawer.
text: Thumbs through them.
text: Images of Haley and Beth with their mother MAGGIE at
text: different ages. They’re an active trio. Hiking.
text: Camping. Running marathons.
text: She settles on an older SNAPSHOT of her mother from when
dialog: she was in college.
text: Haley gets a little misty-eyed. Blinks away the tears.
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - AFTERNOON
text: Haley pulls open the fridge and grabs a Gatorade. Her
text: phone pressed against her ear. Waiting as it rings.
text: Beth answers.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Well I’m at the house, but Dad’s
dialog: not here.
text: Haley notices some ODDLY PATTERNED CURTAINS that seem to
text: clash with the surrounding decor.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: And it looks like Katie’s been
text: redecorating.
speaker_heading: BETH (ON PHONE)
dialog: Oh, no. Let me guess. Hippie chic?
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Something like that. How was yoga?
speaker_heading: BETH (ON PHONE)
dialog: A-mazing.
text: Haley raids a nearby cupboard. Grabbing an energy bar
text: for the road. Stuffs it in her pocket.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: So what was this about Dad being at
dialog: some job site?
speaker_heading: BETH (ON PHONE)
dialog: Yeah. Katie said the bank hired
dialog: him to work on some repossessed
dialog: properties. I’11 text you the
dialog: address.
text: Haley’s attention drifts to that CHARM BRACELET on her
text: left wrist. It holds a special significance. A long
text: silent beat.
speaker_heading: BETH (ON PHONE) (CONT’D)
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: (eyes welling)
dialog: Just been looking at some pictures
dialog: of Mom.
text: Wipes away the tears.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Sometimes something'1ll happen at
dialog: school, and I'll pick up the phone
dialog: to call her.
dialog: (then)
dialog: It's not fair.
speaker_heading: BETH (ON PHONE)
dialog: Oh, honey. I know. Can’t believe
dialog: it’s been two years.
dialog: (then)
dialog: But I’m glad Dad’s getting back out
dialog: there.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Katie's fine. It's just... she
dialog: tries too hard.
speaker_heading: BETH (ON PHONE)
dialog: Haley, no one's going to replace
dialog: Mom.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: I know. Don't get me wrong. I’m
text: happy for him.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (looks toward the window)
dialog: If only she had better taste in
dialog: curtains.
text: A shared laugh. A solemn beat.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I wish you were down here.
speaker_heading: BETH (ON PHONE)
dialog: So do I.
scene_heading: EXT. SOUTHERN FLORIDA - GULF COAST - AFTERNOON
text: Haley's Outback is back on the road. Crossing over a
text: series of swampy canals.
text: DARK STORM CLOUDS roll in on the horizon.
scene_heading: INT. SUBARU OUTBACK - AFTERNOON
text: Haley is at the wheel. Downing the Gatorade as she
text: drives. Nursing her hangover.
text: She checks the address on her phone.
text: Then looks up at the visor. That SNAPSHOT of her mom is
text: now clipped there. Watching over her.
scene_heading: EXT. UNFINISHED SUBDIVISION - AFTERNOON
text: Haley's Outback passes a weathered sign: CORAL LAKE
scene_heading: DEVELOPMENT.
scene_heading: INT. SUBARU OUTBACK - AFTERNOON
text: As Haley searches the empty subdivision, her phone RINGS.
text: She answers it.
speaker_heading: BETH (ON PHONE)
dialog: Anything?
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Not yet. I just got here. This
dialog: place is creepy. Where is
dialog: everybody?
dialog: 10.
text: She cruises the quiet streets. Passing houses in various
text: stages of construction.
speaker_heading: BETH (ON PHONE)
dialog: Dad said the developer cut a bunch
dialog: of corners. Can't sell any of the
dialog: houses till they're up to code.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Well I better find him fast. That
dialog: Gatorade went right through me. I
dialog: have to pee so bad.
speaker_heading: BETH (ON PHONE)
dialog: You know, sis, you don't need to
dialog: share everything.
text: Haley passes a cul-de-sac. Brakes. Backing up.
text: A HEAVY-DUTY PICKUP TRUCK with a ladder rack is parked on
text: the street in front of a large house. It’s the only
text: vehicle in sight.
speaker_heading: HALEY
text: Hold on. I see his truck.
dialog: (then)
dialog: If he’s in one of these houses
dialog: kicked back watching the game, I am
dialog: not gonna be happy.
speaker_heading: BETH (ON PHONE)
dialog: Okay. Just call me when you find
dialog: him.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: I will. Right after I pee.
text: The sisters share a laugh. Haley disconnects.
scene_heading: EXT. CUL-DE-SAC - AFTERNOON
text: Haley pulls up behind the pickup truck. KELLER
text: CONSTRUCTION is stenciled on the side.
text: She kills the engine. Climbs out. And looks around.
text: A half dozen finished MODEL HOMES line the street. The
text: yards are overgrown. Suburbia gone to seed.
dialog: 11.
text: A gust of wind carries an empty trash can across the
text: road. It rolls onto the curb.
text: Haley sets the alarm on her car.
text: It CHIRPS. Headlights blink.
text: The wind is picking up. A few drops of rain.
text: She quickly cuts across the lawn.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED HOUSE - AFTERNOON
text: Haley climbs up onto the front steps. A digital lockbox
text: hangs from the doorknob.
text: She KNOCKS.
text: No answer. Pushes it open.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED HOUSE - ENTRYWAY - AFTERNOON
text: Haley steps inside. Closing the door. A cavernous
text: entryway. The interior is dim and gloomy.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Hello?
text: Listens. The house is completely quiet. Just the sound
text: of the WIND blowing outside.
text: She reaches for a light switch. Flips it. Nothing.
text: Her FOOTSTEPS echo on the tile floor.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Dad? You in here?
text: Haley's doing a little “pee dance.” Can't hold it any
text: longer. Searches for the nearest bathroom.
text: She finds a windowless half bath just off the entryway.
text: Flicks the light switch. Nothing happens.
text: No choice. Has to leave the door ajar.
dialog: 12.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRYWAY BATHROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Haley sits on the toilet in the darkness.
text: She hears a odd muffled SCRAPING sound. Looks out the
text: open door.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Hello...?
text: Another SCRAAAAPE. It's faint. Far off.
text: She quickly finishes.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRYWAY - AFTERNOON
text: The FLUSH of a toilet.
text: Haley steps out. Buttoning her shorts. Listens.
text: The sound has stopped. Must just be the wind.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED HOUSE - VARIOUS - AFTERNOON
text: Haley wanders through the rooms. Calling for her dad.
text: The house has a sprawling floor plan.
text: She spots hairline cracks in the walls, hinting at some
dialog: structural damage.
text: The interior has been stripped. Cables hanging from a
text: mount where a television once was.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Well at least they took the TV.
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: She steps down into a sunken living room. The carpet has
text: been ripped up. A water-damaged floor. Exposed planks.
text: She looks up at the ceiling. A huge dark water stain.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: What a mess.
dialog: 13.
text: Haley steps up into an equally damaged DINING ROOM.
text: The floor is soaked and warping.
text: Tools lie in the corner where the wood is rotting. Among
text: them a SLEDGEHAMMER and CROWBAR.
text: Swears she can hear VOICES. Far off. The WIND picks up
text: outside. RATTLING the windows.
text: A WHISTLING sound. Haley follows it to the sliding glass
text: door. It’s open just a crack.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED HOUSE - BACKYARD - AFTERNOON
text: Haley steps out onto the patio.
text: A large in-ground swimming pool. Three-quarters full
text: with murky water. Some empty beer cans floating on the
dialog: surface.
text: Beyond the pool is a LARGE MAN-MADE LAKE. Palm trees are
text: swaying in the wind.
text: Out on the gulf, the sky has turned menacingly dark. A
text: couple of flashes of lightning.
text: The yard is overgrown. Swampy looking. Moss hanging
text: from the foliage.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Dad...? Marco...? Polo...?
dialog: Anybody...?
text: The rain picks up. A sudden downpour.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED HOUSE - DINING ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Haley ducks back inside. Slides the door closed and
dialog: locks it.
text: Hears the rain PELTING the house.
text: She removes her phone. Dials her dad’s number. Waits as
text: it connects.
text: The silence is broken by a faint musical RINGTONE.
dialog: 14.
dialog: A muffled song. If you were born in the 70's, you might
dialog: recognize it.
text: A cheesy pop song from the early 80's called ESCAPE.
dialog: “If you like pina coladas and getting caught in the
dialog: rain...”
text: She rolls her eyes. Shakes her head.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: (mutters to herself)
dialog: Dad, you have got to update that
text: ringtone.
text: Haley lowers the phone. Follows the sound through the
text: house. Into a massive --
scene_heading: INT. KITCHEN - AFTERNOON
text: Haley finds her dad's TOOLBOX sitting on the floor.
text: Reaches in and pulls out his RINGING phone.
text: She's getting warmer.
text: The SONG stops as the call goes to voicemail.
text: On her own phone, Haley can hear her dad's RECORDED
scene_heading: MESSAGE.
speaker_heading: DAD (ON PHONE)
dialog: Hey, this is Dave. You've reached
dialog: Keller Construction. Leave a
text: message at the beep.
speaker_heading: BEEP!
text: She hangs up.
text: Checks the display on his phone. Sees a bunch of missed
dialog: calls.
text: Looks around the kitchen.
text: There’s a set of HOUSE BLUEPRINTS spread out on the
dialog: counter.
dialog: 15.
text: The cabinet doors beneath the sink are open. A
text: disconnected drain pipe.
text: Haley can hear far-off MUSIC.
text: Inspects beneath the sink.
text: CLASSIC ROCK is filtering up from under the house.
text: Her dad must be down there working.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: (to herself)
dialog: Dad, you are not making this easy.
text: She looks around. Now, how to get down there.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED HOUSE - VARIOUS - AFTERNOON
text: Haley moves back through the rear of the house. Checking
text: the different rooms for an access hatch.
scene_heading: INT. UTILITY ROOM - AFTERNOON
text: Haley passes through an empty laundry room.
text: In a darkened corner, a gas water heater KICKS on.
text: Scaring the hell out of her.
text: She collects herself. Continues her search.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - AFTERNOON
text: Haley enters a large two-car garage at the back of the
dialog: house.
text: The garage door has been propped up a few feet. Letting
dialog: in the elements.
text: Looks like it's been that way for a while. The floor is
text: covered in mud and debris.
text: Haley activates the light on her phone. Panning the
text: cavernous garage.
text: Spots an open storage closet.
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE CLOSET - AFTERNOON
text: The interior is unfinished. Exposed drywall.
text: There's a hole in the floor.
text: The cover, a loose piece of plywood, sits off to the
dialog: side.
text: Haley looks down into the hatch opening.
text: It leads into the CRAWL SPACE running beneath the house.
text: She can hear that muffled RADIO.
text: It's definitely coming from down there.
text: Haley aims her phone’s light into the darkness.
text: Illuminating the vast crawl space. Dark and dank.
text: The beam of light barely penetrates the gloom. She calls
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Dad? Are you down there?
text: Haley waits. No answer.
scene_heading: INT. CRAWL SPACE - AFTERNOON
text: Haley awkwardly lowers herself into the hole and squeezes
dialog: under.
text: There’s just enough clearance for her to squat-crawl
dialog: without getting dirty.
text: She points the phone’s light in front of her.
text: A better look at the underbelly of the house.
text: Takes a deep breath. Heading toward the MUSIC.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: (mutters to herself)
dialog: Can't believe I'm doing this.
text: Haley makes her way through a maze of wooden support
text: posts that carry the load of the house overhead.
dialog: 17.
text: After twenty feet, the clearance drops some.
text: She hesitates. Calls again.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Dad?!
text: Haley crouches down. Now crawling forward on her hands
text: and knees.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Wish I’d worn some jeans.
text: She worms her way through the tight space. Scanning with
text: her light.
text: The MUSIC is getting louder. She’s moving in the right
dialog: direction.
text: The beam picks out cobwebs. Growing mold. There's a lot
dialog: of water damage down here.
text: Heavy-duty pipes run along the ceiling of the space.
text: Covered in condensation. Dripping.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (sarcastic, mimicking
dialog: Beth’s voice)
dialog: Hey, sis, do me a favor. Go check
dialog: on Dad. It’ll be fun...
text: The shadows cast by the plumbing and support posts shift
text: as she moves. The effect is slightly disorienting. And
dialog: very unsettling.
text: The darkness could be hiding anything.
text: A FLASH of lightning outside filters in through a SERIES
text: OF VENTS along the edge of the foundation.
text: Giving us a brief glimpse of the surroundings.
text: It’s a mess down here. Exposed dirt and rock. Hanging
text: insulation. Shredded vapor barrier.
text: The muffled RUMBLE of thunder.
text: As Haley inches along, her sweatshirt snags on something.
text: The tip of a RUSTY NAIL digs into her skin.
dialog: 18.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: ow!
text: She flinches. Pulls free.
text: Inspects her shoulder. Sees that she’s bleeding a
dialog: little.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit. Hope my tetanus shot is up
dialog: to date.
text: Haley continues through the cramped environment.
text: The beam of the phone’s light plays off --
text: A couple of large, cobwebbed TRAP CAGES.
dialog: Placed down here a while ago to capture unwanted animal
text: intruders. Possibly raccoons.
text: And then forgotten.
text: The RADIO echoes from the darkness.
text: Haley rounds a support post. Squeezing past some
scene_heading: DUCTWORK.
text: She reacts to a strange SCRAPING sound.
text: Just like she heard before up in the bathroom. Only now,
text: it's a lot closer.
text: Coming from somewhere in the shadows behind her.
text: She stops to listen. Looks back over her shoulder.
text: Points her phone’s light toward the sound.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Dad...?
text: Her eyes scan the space.
text: Nothing there. Just a maze of supports and twisting
dialog: pipes.
text: The SCRAPING has stopped.
text: Haley is starting to feel slightly uneasy.
dialog: 19.
text: She continues her search.
text: Behind her, a LARGE DARK SHAPE slips past!
text: Blocking out the daylight from the open access hatch.
text: For just a moment. Then it’s gone.
text: Haley pushes deeper. Oblivious.
text: Her phone’s light sweeps the darkness. Dust particles
text: hang in the air.
text: She catches a whiff of something putrid. The smell of
dialog: rot.
text: Haley clears another support and finally finds the source
dialog: of the music --
text: A PORTABLE AM/FM RADIO lying on its side in the damp
text: dirt. Near the water shutoff.
dialog: No sign of Dad.
text: Then she sees a BLOODY HANDPRINT on a nearby support.
text: A dark BLOOD TRAIL in the dirt. Stretching into the
text: shadows.
text: Haley GASPS, realizing something is terribly wrong.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: DAD!
text: Haley is moving faster now. Following the dark streak on
text: the ground. More frantic.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Dad, it’s Haley. Where are you?
text: Passing a dropped PIPE WRENCH. A shredded TOOL BELT.
text: Another BLOODY HANDPRINT on a support.
text: She encounters a NETWORK OF TWISTING PIPES. Gets flat on
text: her stomach and squeezes under.
dialog: There's a little more clearance on this side of the
text: plumbing. She sits up.
dialog: 20.
text: In the distance, she can make out the DARK OUTLINE of a
text: body lying in the dirt.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Oh God, no...
text: She quickly crawls forward.
text: Her phone casts a light on her DAD. Face down.
text: Motionless.
text: Haley turns him over. His shirt is drenched in blood.
text: She shakes him. Trying to revive him. Tears streaking
text: her cheeks.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Dad! Wake up.
text: He COUGHS and GROANS. Still alive. Haley’s overwhelmed
text: with relief.
text: Her dad’s eyes open halfway.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: ..-Maggie?
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: No. It's Haley.
text: He’s listless. Fading in and out. Eyes struggling to
dialog: focus.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: It's okay. I'm here. What
dialog: happened?
text: She uses the phone’s light to get a better look.
text: His left arm is mangled. Covered in puncture marks.
text: Bleeding badly.
text: She inspects the injury.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: What the hell did this?
text: His other hand is still clutching his flashlight. It’s
dialog: turned off.
dialog: 21.
text: Haley gently takes it from him.
text: Frantically checks her phone. No SIGNAL.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: shit.
text: Her dad’s mind is slowly clearing. Looks up at his
dialog: daughter.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Haley...?
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: (with a sense of urgency)
dialog: We've got to get you out of here.
text: A sudden look of panic fills his eyes. Struggling to get
text: the words out.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: No... you shouldn’t be down here...
text: She ignores him, pulling off her sweatshirt.
text: Sets the phone down so she can work faster.
text: Ripping the fabric into strips.
text: She needs to stop the bleeding. Wraps up his arm. Tying
text: it off. Creating a makeshift tourniquet.
text: Her dad COUGHS.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: (weak)
dialog: Go... you need to go...
text: She looks at him.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Not without you.
text: Haley glances back in the direction she came.
text: The light of the OPEN ACCESS HATCH is a long way off.
text: Barely visible through all the looming pipes and
dialog: supports.
dialog: 22.
text: As she begins to move her dad, he winces. CRIES OUT in
dialog: pain.
text: Haley sees that his right leg is twisted at an odd angle.
text: She probes the surface of his jeans just below the knee.
text: Another anguished CRY. His leg must be broken.
text: She looks around but can’t find anything to splint it.
text: Haley checks her phone again for a signal. Still
text: nothing. Shoves it in her pocket.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Dad, this is gonna hurt, but we
dialog: need to move you.
text: She reaches under his arms and begins pulling him with
dialog: all her strength.
text: Her dad grits his teeth. GROANS as Haley drags him back.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I know. I’m so sorry.
text: The pain is too much. He passes out.
text: Haley tries to keep it together and not panic.
text: She’s never seen her dad hurt before. He’s always been
dialog: the strong one.
text: She continues. Inching him along. It’s painfully slow.
text: Difficult to get enough leverage in this tight space.
text: Haley reaches that low network of pipes. Now what?
dialog: Somehow needs to get him under.
text: She checks the makeshift bandage on her dad’s arm. It’s
dialog: helped slow the bleeding.
dialog: Makes sure the knots are still tight.
text: As she works, she senses something moving out in the
dialog: darkness.
text: Hears that familiar SCRRRAAPING...
dialog: 23.
text: It's getting closer...
text: A low BELLOW.
text: Her heart catching in her throat.
text: Haley turns in the direction of the sound. Fishes the
text: phone from her pocket.
text: Switching on the light. Scanning the shadows.
text: WHAM! The JAWS OF AN ALLIGATOR EXPLODE from the
dialog: darkness.
dialog: 
text: SNAPPING closed just inches from Haley.
text: She SCREAMS. Scrambling back.
text: SLAMS her head into a low-hanging beam. Dropping the
dialog: phone.
text: Haley's dazed. Ears RINGING. Struggling to focus.
text: The HUGE REPTILE pulls back into the shadows.
text: A stunned beat. Haley's still in shock. Then --
text: The creature SMASHES into the pipes again.
text: A nightmarish glimpse of its hideous teeth as it bites
text: down. Another near miss.
text: Haley gets her bearings. Grabs her dad.
text: Desperately pulling him back in the other direction.
text: Away from the attacking REPTILE.
text: The animal THRASHES wildly. Trying to wedge itself
text: through a gap in the pipes.
text: But as hard as it tries, the huge creature can’t get any
dialog: closer.
text: It GROWLS in frustration.
text: Spins away. Giving us a glimpse of its MASSIVE FORM.
text: Haley turns back. Makes a grab for her phone. Reaching
dialog: it just as --
dialog: 24.
text: The reptile's long tail SWEEPS beneath the pipes.
text: Knocking the phone away.
text: Haley hears it CLATTER out into the darkness.
text: As the REPTILE retreats back into the shadows. SCRAPING
text: across the ground as it moves off.
text: She turns her attention to her dad. He's semi-conscious.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Dad, stay with me.
text: She finds his flashlight. Clicks it on.
text: Checks the shadows surrounding them. Worried that thing
dialog: will find another way in.
text: There’s a low-hanging section of the subfloor running
text: perpendicular to the pipes. Must be the sunken living
dialog: room.
text: A RUSTLE of movement on the other side.
text: She sees the reptile’s long body SLITHER past.
text: That low-hanging section is forming a protective barrier.
text: Her dad starts COUGHING. Lips parched.
text: Haley looks around. Finds a leftover piece of her
text: sweatshirt.
text: Holds it under a dripping pipe.
text: Letting the fabric become saturated.
text: She moves it to her dad’s lips. Wrings out the water.
text: He gulps it down.
text: Haley does it again. Nursing her dad back.
text: He’s slowly coming out of it. Swallows. Looks at his
text: daughter. She gently strokes his face.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you okay?
text: Her dad nods weakly.
dialog: 25.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: How did that thing get down here?
text: He’s slightly hoarse. Still trying to find his voice.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (haltingly)
dialog: I don’t know... Must’ve come in
text: through the garage.
text: Haley helps her dad sit up. She nervously checks the
text: shadows.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: We should be alright back here.
dialog: The clearance is too low. It can’t
dialog: get through.
text: Another COUGH from her dad. He’s still clearly in a lot
dialog: of pain.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: How’d you know I was here?
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Katie got worried when you didn’t
dialog: answer your phone.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (brightens a little)
dialog: She called you?
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Yeah. Something like that.
text: Haley remembers the energy bar. Fishes it from her
text: pocket. Peels back the wrapper.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Here. Eat this.
text: He takes a bite.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (chewing)
dialog: I came down to inspect the damage.
dialog: See if I could shore up the kitchen
dialog: floor. That’s when it got me.
dialog: 26.
text: Haley takes a closer look at her dad’s wounded leg. His
text: jeans encrusted in blood. Denim shredded.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
text: My leg got twisted up in one of
dialog: those pipes.
text: She rips open his pant leg. Gasps. Seeing the exposed
text: bone pushing through the skin.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Dad, this is bad. We have to get
dialog: you to a hospital.
text: Haley looks toward the open hatch. Knows the reptile is
text: somewhere nearby.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I need to find my phone. So we can
dialog: call for help.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Haley, no... you can’t go out
dialog: there. It’s too dangerous.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: I can make it.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Please don’t...
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: What do we do then? Just wait
dialog: here?
text: Her dad reaches out toward his daughter.
text: She takes his rough, calloused hand. Gives hima
text: reassuring look.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll be right back.
text: He’s too weak to stop her.
text: Tears in her eyes.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Stay here. Okay?
dialog: 27.
text: He forces a smile.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Where am I gonna go?
text: There's her old dad. Brings a smile to her face. Haley
text: starts back toward those crisscrossing pipes.
text: He watches her go, uneasy.
text: She approaches the area quietly. Staring into the inky
dialog: black.
text: Sees the faint glow of her phone out in the shadows.
text: Maybe fifteen feet away.
text: Haley switches on her dad’s flashlight. Checks the
text: surrounding space. Searching for the reptile.
dialog: Where the hell did that thing go?
text: Catches a glimpse of it. Lurking beneath the OPEN ACCESS
text: HATCH. Seems far enough away.
text: She clicks off the flashlight and tucks it into the
text: waistband of her shorts.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: (quietly to herself)
dialog: You can do this.
text: Swallows her fear. Carefully squeezes beneath the pipes.
dialog: Moving out.
text: Haley creeps toward her phone. Following the dim light.
text: Never stops scanning the darkness. Breathing hard. Her
text: heart in her throat.
text: She’s halfway there.
text: Can still see the reptile’s DARK OUTLINE guarding that
scene_heading: OPEN HATCH.
dialog: Keeps going.
text: Finds her phone. It’s slipped beneath a slightly raised
text: DRAIN PIPE. Just out of reach.
dialog: 28.
text: She pushes her hand under.
text: Through gritted teeth.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Come... on...
text: Haley flattens herself. Reaching deeper. Stretching...
text: Touching it.
text: All the while keeping an eye on the alligator in the
dialog: distance.
text: She gets hold.
text: Pulling the phone toward her.
dialog: Yanks it out.
text: Haley switches off the phone’s light. Looks back toward
text: the hatch. The animal hasn’t moved.
text: The display is covered in mud.
text: She quickly tries to wipe it off.
text: There's a signal. It’s weak. But it’s there.
text: Holds the phone up toward the subfloor. Getting an extra
dialog: bar of reception.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Yes.
text: Haley dials 9-1-1.
text: Anxiously waits as it rings...
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (softly)
dialog: C’mon. C’mon. Pick up!
text: Haley looks back toward the garage access hatch.
dialog: The reptile is gone!
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: shit.
dialog: 29.
text: Her eyes nervously study the shadows. She’s trying not
dialog: to panic.
text: An OPERATOR finally answers. A broken connection.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (ON PHONE)
dialog: Hello... 11... your emergency.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: (keeping her voice low)
dialog: Help. You need to help us.
speaker_heading: OPERATOR (ON PHONE)
dialog: I’m sorry, what is your emergency?
speaker_heading: HALEY
text: We're trapped. Under a house.
dialog: There’s an alligator --
text: A RUSTLE of movement catches Haley’s attention. She
dialog: reacts as --
text: The REPTILE creeps into view on the other side of that
text: DRAIN PIPE. Just a few feet away.
text: Haley SCREAMS! Frantically crab crawls backwards as --
text: The animal CLIMBS over the pipe.
text: She flips onto her stomach. Scrambling on hands and
text: knees through the dark space. Trying to get back to her
dialog: dad.
text: The reptile follows. Closing in fast. Lunges --
text: Jaws CLAMPING down on her left leg! Teeth tearing into
dialog: flesh.
text: Haley CRIES out in pain! Tries to kick free.
text: The animal THRASHES. Dragging her back. Huge mouth
text: locked onto her lower leg.
text: It yanks Haley further into the shadows.
text: Swinging her around like a rag doll.
text: SLAMS her into a support post. Knocking the wind out of
dialog: her.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Ugh!
text: The impact sends the phone flying.
text: Haley's dazed. Bleeding from a gash in her forehead.
text: Her fingernails clawing at the ground. Arms flailing,
text: grasping for a handhold.
text: The reptile pulls. Twisting its head. Hauling her back
text: through the darkness.
text: It’s ferocious. Brutal.
text: Haley has to act fast. Catches one of the vertical
dialog: supports.
text: She hangs on for dear life. Arms wrapped around the
text: post. Fighting each horrible pull.
text: A tug of war.
text: Haley SCREAMS in pain.
text: Her hands start slipping off the support post.
text: The reptile thrashing wildly. Trying to break her grip.
text: Haley kicks it with her free leg.
text: Jamming the heel of her sneaker into its snout. Again
text: and again. Trying to get loose.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: LET... GO!
text: Finds the animal’s eye. Makes contact with a gouging
dialog: kick.
text: The animal flinches. Losing its grip.
text: Just enough for Haley to pull free.
text: She crawls like hell. Adrenaline pumping.
text: Clawing her way to safety.
text: The beast recovers. Takes off after her.
dialog: 31.
text: Haley scrambles her way through the supports. Trying to
dialog: shake it.
text: The lower half of her left leg punctured and bleeding.
text: She looks back. Wishes she hadn't.
text: The REPTILE is ten feet away and closing...
text: It’s almost on her.
text: Haley spots one of those old cobwebbed TRAP CAGES.
text: Instinctively grabs the three-foot metal cage. Dragging
text: it into the reptile’s path.
text: Positioning it between her and the attacking animal.
text: The reptile CRASHES into the side of the cage. With so
text: much force that it dents the wire frame.
text: Shoving Haley back a few feet. The impact vibrating up
text: her arms.
text: Kicking up a cloud of dust. Haley coughs. Clinging to
text: the metal cage.
text: She can hear her dad shouting her name in the distance.
speaker_heading: DAD (0.S.)
dialog: HALEY!
dialog: No time to respond.
text: The reptile rears back. HITS it again. Driving the cage
text: and Haley back another couple of feet.
text: But Haley hangs on.
text: Using all her strength to keep the cage between her and
text: the raging animal.
text: The reptile SNARLS in frustration. Lashing against the
dialog: metal.
text: Jaws clamping onto the wire mesh.
text: It backs up with the edge of the cage in its mouth.
text: Dragging Haley with it.
dialog: 32.
text: The cage snags on a support post.
text: The reptile lets go. Trying to move around it.
text: But Haley keeps the cage between them.
text: It retreats a few feet. Gets a running start.
text: Haley quickly spins the cage around. So the opening is
text: pointed toward the charging animal.
text: The alligator SMASHES into the front of the cage.
text: Its snout punching through the trap's gate.
text: Its narrow head now wedged inside.
text: The reptile is wearing the cage like a wire muzzle.
text: This only seems to make it madder.
text: The animal THRASHES around wildly. Swinging its huge
text: head side-to-side.
text: Knocking the cage into the surrounding supports. Trying
dialog: to work it off.
text: Giving Haley a chance to scramble away.
text: The wire cage RATTLES as the reptile tears at it from
text: inside. Gnashing its teeth.
text: As Haley flees, she becomes entangled in a mass of
text: electrical wires hanging down from the ceiling of the
dialog: crawl space.
text: The reptile finally manages to get free. Flinging the
dialog: cage aside.
text: The barrier between them gone.
text: Fuck! She's exposed.
text: Haley tugs at the twisting wires. Ripping them free from
text: the staples holding them in place overhead.
text: A low menacing BELLOW.
text: The reptile’s advancing.
dialog: 33.
dialog: Slows down...
text: Sees that she’s stuck.
text: Like a fly trapped in a spider web.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: No!
text: Haley desperately worms her way through. Using every
text: ounce of her strength. Gets loose. Crawling out the
dialog: other side.
text: The reptile follows. Tangling itself up in the same mess
text: of hanging wires.
text: Slowing the animal’s progress.
text: Haley can hear it STRUGGLING behind her.
text: She kicks with her good leg. Pushing herself forward.
text: Ignoring the pain.
text: The reptile rips free from the wires. SCRAPING along the
text: ground. Crawling after her.
text: It lunges. Jaws SNAPPING down. Just missing her.
text: The reptile makes another snatch at Haley. Overshoots.
text: CRASHING into a support.
text: Haley flattens herself, squeezing under a gap near the
dialog: foundation.
text: The reptile tries to follow.
text: But the clearance is too low. It can’t open its mouth
text: enough to grab her.
text: Haley rolls out of the way. Taking shelter behind a
text: couple of four inch pipes running horizontal to the
dialog: ground.
text: A small pocket of space here. The pipes on one side of
text: her. The foundation wall on the other.
text: Haley catches her breath. Collapsing back against the
text: concrete. Exhausted. In intense pain.
dialog: 34.
text: Sees that MONSTROUS BEAST pacing along on the other side
text: of the pipes.
text: Its tail SCRRRAAPING the ground.
text: The REPTILE turns.
dialog: Its eye is right there!
text: Looking in at her through the pipes.
text: Another low menacing BELLOW.
text: It suddenly spins away.
text: Haley's attention remains fixed on the reptile as it
text: slinks back into the darkness.
text: The SCRRRRAAAAPING sound fades off.
text: Haley tries to get her breathing under control.
text: Her whole body trembling. Happy to be alive.
text: Her dad anxiously calls from the shadows. His VOICE far
dialog: off.
speaker_heading: DAD (0.S.)
dialog: Haley, what’s happening!?
speaker_heading: HALEY
text: (yelling back, breathless)
dialog: Dad. I'm okay. Stay there.
text: She removes the flashlight from her waistband. Switches
text: it on.
text: Scanning it over her leg. Inspecting the damage.
text: It’s riddled with puncture marks.
text: Blood running down her calf.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: shit.
text: She applies pressure to the injury.
text: Searches for something to stop the bleeding.
text: Sets the flashlight down.
dialog: 35.
text: Rips off pieces of VAPOR BARRIER.
text: Haley grits her teeth. Wrapping the meshed material
text: around her wounded leg.
text: CRYING OUT as she ties it off.
text: It's like doing surgery in a closet.
text: Haley inspects her makeshift tourniquet. The bleeding
dialog: has stopped. For now.
text: She takes a moment to gather her strength. The pain
text: visible on her face.
text: Picks up the flashlight. Examines the narrow space.
dialog: Listens...
text: Just the sound of that far-off RADIO and the STORM
text: outside.
text: WIND and RAIN lashing the house.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Dad...?
text: She sees a chalky water line halfway up the foundation
dialog: wall. Indicating that at one point this crawl space was
dialog: flooded.
text: And a reminder that it could happen again.
speaker_heading: DAD (0.S.)
dialog: Yeah. I’m here.
text: Up ahead. In the darkness. A sliver of DAYLIGHT.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Hold on. I think I found
dialog: something.
text: Haley crawls toward it. Dragging her damaged leg.
text: Creeping along the foundation.
text: Finds one of those VENTS set into the concrete. Narrow
text: slats allowing for air flow. But not much else.
text: The opening is tight, but if she can get the cover off,
dialog: maybe she can squeeze through.
dialog: 36.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Dad, there’s a vent. I’m gonna see
dialog: if I can get out.
text: Haley kicks at the vent cover with her good leg. Again
dialog: and again.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: C’mon... c’mon...
text: Gives it a final frustrated kick. The cover’s not
text: budging. It’s bolted into the concrete foundation from
text: outside.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Dammit!
text: She looks out through the vent’s narrow slats.
speaker_heading: HALEY'S POV
text: An air conditioning unit is partially obscuring her view
text: of the street and a neighboring house.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Haley looks around.
text: Clicks on the flashlight again. Panning the crawl space.
text: Always checking to make sure she’s safe.
speaker_heading: DAD (0.S.)
dialog: Haley, where are you?
speaker_heading: HALEY
text: I don’t know. I can see an air
dialog: conditioning unit. And some of the
dialog: street.
speaker_heading: DAD (0.S.)
dialog: That’s good. It sounds like you're
text: near the front of the house.
dialog: There’s another access hatch in the
text: entryway closet.
text: A silent beat. Haley studies the floorboards overhead.
dialog: 37.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Okay. So how do I get there?
speaker_heading: HER DAD --
text: Lying there in the darkness. Feeling helpless. Tethered
dialog: to this spot.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: You need to crawl along the
dialog: foundation. Until you reach the
text: wet wall.
speaker_heading: HALEY (0.S.)
dialog: Wet wall?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Yeah. Where all the pipes go up
dialog: into the house. Follow it. That
text: runs along the entryway.
text: Her dad hears rainwater filling the pipes. Rushing into
text: nearby storm drains.
text: Seems distracted by all the water DRIPPING down through
text: the subfloor.
text: Feels it collecting around him. This section of the
text: crawl space is starting to flood.
speaker_heading: HALEY (0.S.)
dialog: Dad, I don’t know where the
dialog: alligator went. Can you see it?
text: Her dad hears MOVEMENT in the distance. Squints into the
dialog: gloom.
text: Sees a FAINT OUTLINE of the reptile slinking beneath the
dialog: garage.
speaker_heading: DAD
text: It’s over near the open hatch.
text: Realizes he needs to get a better view of what’s going
dialog: on.
text: In the shadows, on the other side of those low twisting
text: pipes, he can see his shredded TOOL BELT.
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: HALEY --
text: Studies the darkness one more time just to make sure.
text: Clicks off the flashlight.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Okay.
dialog: (under her breath)
dialog: Here goes.
text: Haley begins moving along the foundation wall. Feeling
text: her way through the darkness.
text: Using her good leg to push her along.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED HOUSE - AFTERNOON
text: The storm is really lashing at the house. Downspouts
text: have backed up. Water pooling on the lawn.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED HOUSE - LIVING ROOM —- AFTERNOON
text: Inside the house, the roof is leaking badly. Water
text: trickles down onto the subfloor and into the crawl space
dialog: below.
scene_heading: INT. CRAWL SPACE - AFTERNOON
text: Her dad hears the water coming in as he slowly pulls
text: himself across the wet ground.
text: Focused on reaching that network of pipes.
text: The portable RADIO continues playing out in the darkness.
text: The CLASSIC ROCK is interrupted by a series of emergency
text: service BLEETS. Then a MONOTONE VOICE.
speaker_heading: RECORDED VOICE (ON RADIO)
dialog: The National Weather Service has
dialog: issued a flash flood warning for
dialog: parts of Southern Florida including
dialog: all of Lee, Monroe, and Collier
dialog: Counties. Residents are asked to
dialog: shelter in place and avoid low
dialog: lying areas.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 39.
scene_heading: RECORDED VOICE (ON RADIO) (CONT'D)
text: Excessive runoff from heavy
dialog: rainfall is expected to cause major
dialog: flooding.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (muttering to himself)
dialog: Yeah. No shit.
text: He continues working himself through the cramped space.
text: Toward his TOOL BELT.
speaker_heading: HALEY --
text: Sneaks along the front of the house.
text: Keeps the flashlight off. Doesn’t want to give away her
dialog: position.
text: She studies the pipes. They all seem to be converging at
text: the same point overhead. That must be the wet wall.
text: Haley moves away from the foundation. Rolling onto her
text: back. Looking up at the subfloor.
text: Tries to orientate herself. Searching for that second
text: access hatch.
text: She suddenly spots it. Cut into the floorboards
text: overhead.
text: There’s a DARK CLUSTER hanging near the front edge of the
dialog: hatch.
text: Haley brushes it away. Unknowingly waking --
text: A large nest of HARVESTMEN SPIDERS that have made this
text: damp crawl space their home.
text: Hundreds of LONG-LEGGED SPIDERS drop from overhead.
dialog: 
text: Falling into Haley’s hair. Onto her face.
text: She's FREAKING OUT. Writhing wildly. Trying to shake
dialog: them off.
text: Fighting the urge to scream. Has to keep her mouth
dialog: closed.
dialog: 40.
text: They crawl all over her...
text: Scattering off into the shadows.
text: Haley desperately swipes away the stragglers.
text: Collects herself. A shudder of disgust.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: (mutters to herself)
dialog: I fucking hate spiders.
text: She nervously glances back over her shoulder. Checking
dialog: for the reptile.
text: Then hits up against the hatch.
text: Dust and dirt filters down from above with each impact.
text: But the cover won't budge.
text: Haley grits her teeth. Quietly shoulders it up. Pushing
text: with all her might.
scene_heading: INT. ENTRYWAY CLOSET - CONTINUOUS
text: Boxes of unused ceramic tiles are piled on top of the
text: hatch. They shift slightly as Haley pushes up from
dialog: below.
scene_heading: INT. CRAWL SPACE - CONTINUOUS
text: Haley repositions herself to get more leverage.
text: Straining. Pushing with everything she’s got. Inching
dialog: the cover up.
text: The hatch door rises a few inches.
text: Then catches. Something’s preventing it from opening any
dialog: further.
text: Haley, struggling to keep it up, works her fingers
text: through the gap.
dialog: 41.
scene_heading: CLOSE ON HALEY’S FINGERS
text: Feeling along the edge. Finding a metal hasp. A SQUARE
text: PADLOCK holding it in place.
speaker_heading: ON HALEY
text: Pulling her hand back. A defeated breath.
text: She lets the hatch drop. Slumps back against a wooden
dialog: support.
text: Their chance of escape slipping away.
text: A long, quiet beat. Thinking of her dad. Shakes it off.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Come on, Haley. Keep it together.
dialog: (then, calling out)
dialog: Dad...?!
speaker_heading: HER DAD --
text: Is preoccupied. Lying on his side. Stretching his good
text: arm under the intersecting pipes.
text: Trying to reach his TOOL BELT on the other side. Every
text: move for him is painful.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (through clenched teeth)
dialog: Yeah, honey. I’m here.
speaker_heading: HALEY (0.S.)
dialog: Dad? I can’t get it open. It’s
dialog: locked. What should I do?
text: He tries to hide his disappointment.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: That’s okay. Come on back. We’1ll
dialog: figure something out.
speaker_heading: HALEY --
text: A beat. She’s thinking.
dialog: 42.
text: A FLASH of lightning spills in through the foundation
text: vents. Giving Haley an idea.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: I’m gonna try prying off another
text: vent cover. Maybe one of them is
dialog: loose.
speaker_heading: HER DAD --
text: Looks toward the open access hatch for that reptile.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: No. Haley... don’t. They’re
text: bolted on.
text: His voice is drowned out by the RUMBLE of thunder.
speaker_heading: HALEY --
text: Isn't giving up. She cautiously makes her way through
text: the darkness toward the edge of the house.
text: Searching for the nearest vent.
text: She stops. Listens. Hears a faint BUZZING. Off to her
dialog: left.
text: Her PHONE. It’s VIBRATING somewhere in the shadows.
text: Haley shifts directions. Moving quietly. Trying to
text: follow the sound.
speaker_heading: HER DAD --
text: Successfully snags the tool belt. Pulls it close.
text: We now see what he was after. He retrieves a HEADLAMP
text: from one of the pockets.
text: A long, low SCRRRRAAAPE... The reptile is on the move
dialog: again.
text: Her dad quickly clicks on the headlamp. Turns the beam
text: toward the sound.
dialog: 43.
text: Catching a glimpse of the REPTILE as it slips past.
text: Moving toward his daughter.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (with sudden urgency)
dialog: Haley!
speaker_heading: HALEY --
text: Finds herself in an area sectioned off by large pieces of
scene_heading: ROTTING INSULATION.
text: They hang down from the ceiling like Spanish moss.
text: Obscuring her view.
text: She’s busy searching the ground around her. Puddles
dialog: everywhere.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Dad, hold on. I can hear my phone.
speaker_heading: DAD (0.S.)
dialog: Haley, it’s coming your way!
text: With this news, Haley picks up the pace. Feeling in the
dialog: darkness...
text: Finally finds her phone lying face down in the mud.
text: Hears the REPTILE coming. SPLASHING and SCRAPING.
dialog: Getting closer...
text: Haley stuffs the phone in her pocket and crawls.
text: A large piece of hanging insulation shifts as --
text: The reptile pushes beneath it. Stops. Twisting its huge
dialog: head.
text: Studying the darkness.
text: Haley is gone.
scene_heading: ON HALEY --
text: Crawling for her life. The hanging insulation giving
dialog: her cover.
dialog: 44,
text: She slips on the muddy surface. SLAMMING her damaged leg
text: into a support. Ugh! Hurts like hell.
text: Haley recovers. Keeps going. Taking shelter behind
text: another large post.
text: Hears the RUSTLE of movement.
text: More hanging insulation shifts nearby.
text: She holds her breath as --
text: The REPTILE stalks past. On the prowl. It lingers a
text: moment. Then keeps going.
text: The SCRRRRAAAPING sound moves off.
text: It’s lost her in the darkness.
text: Haley tries to remain silent.
text: A long, quiet beat. Then --
text: The phone into her pocket suddenly BUZZES with a message.
text: The REPTILE whips around. Honing in on the sound. And
text: on Haley.
text: Shit! She takes off.
text: Scrambling furiously. Survival instinct kicking in.
text: Ignoring her wounded leg. Heart pounding out of her
text: chest.
text: Making her way toward a LONG, RECTANGULAR METAL DUCT
text: running along the top of the crawl space.
text: Less than a foot of clearance beneath it.
text: Haley crawls desperately. Moving through standing water.
text: Sensing the REPTILE closing in right behind her.
text: She dives for the duct.
text: It's a tight fit.
text: Manages to squeeze most of her body under --
dialog: 45.
text: But her RIGHT SNEAKER snags on a metal edge.
text: Haley quickly works to unhook it.
dialog: Can’t get it loose.
text: Yanks off her shoe. Pulling her bare foot under.
text: Emerging on the other side --
text: Into a narrow passageway between the duct and the house's
dialog: foundation.
text: Haley falls back against the concrete. Catches her
text: breath. Shaking.
text: She checks her pocket for the phone.
dialog: It’s not there!
text: Must have slipped out during her mad dash.
text: Haley looks back under. Sees the phone lying just on the
text: other side of the duct.
text: As she reaches for it --
text: A huge claw comes CRASHING down! CRUSHING the phone into
text: the mud. Shattering the display.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: (lost)
dialog: No...
text: Haley pulls back. Devastated. Hugging her knees to her
text: chest. Her last chance to call for help now gone.
text: She can hear the reptile furiously CLAWING on the other
text: side of the duct. Ripping at the vapor barrier.
text: It lunges into the gap.
text: Trying to burrow its way under.
dialog: Not enough room.
text: The alligator backs out.
text: Giving Haley a chance to catch her breath. Now what?
dialog: 46.
dialog: An anxious beat --
text: The REPTILE SLAMS its weight into the metal surface from
text: the other side.
text: The loud THUMP shakes the duct. Causing Haley to jump.
text: Another HIT. The sound is deafening.
dialog: And another.
text: The bolts mounting the duct to the joists overhead SNAP.
text: One after another.
text: A section of the ductwork breaks free.
text: SPLASHING down into the muddy water.
text: The REPTILE continues POUNDING against the surface. The
text: whole structure now sliding.
text: The space on Haley’s side is slowly collapsing.
speaker_heading: DAD (0.S.)
dialog: Haley, are you okay?
text: A panicked Haley braces herself. Pushing back against
text: the duct with her good leg. Trying to hold it in place.
speaker_heading: HALEY
text: (under her breath, through
dialog: gritted teeth)
dialog: A little busy... right now...
text: Feeling each impact from the powerful animal.
text: The POUNDING stops.
text: A tense beat.
text: Her worried dad continues calling.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (yelling back)
dialog: Dad, I’m alright! Hold on.
text: The silence is suddenly broken by that dreaded wet
text: SCRRRRAAAPING on the other side.
dialog: 47.
text: The REPTILE is on the move again. SCRATCHING against the
text: duct as it crawls. Where’s it going?
text: Haley clicks on the flashlight. Looks down the length of
text: the passageway.
text: Sees that, after twenty feet, the duct ends. Turning up
text: into the house.
text: Just then the BEAST rounds the corner. Eyes reflecting
text: red in the beam of her flashlight.
text: Blocking that end of the passageway.
text: Oh, shit! Haley turns and frantically heads in the
text: opposite direction.
text: Hears SCRATCHING and SPLASHING behind her as the reptile
text: slowly pushes itself between the duct and the foundation
dialog: wall.
text: It’s tail BANGING against the metal as it moves.
text: Up ahead, the duct bends to the right.
text: Haley scrambles around the corner --
text: Reaching a DEAD END.
text: The opening is sealed off with plywood.
text: She’s cornered. Looks back.
text: Sees the alligator closing in.
text: But Haley’s not ready to give up.
text: Kicks wildly at the flimsy plywood. Manages to knock one
dialog: side loose.
text: Haley squeezes out.
text: Wedging the plywood back into place just as --
text: The REPTILE thrusts its snout sideways through the gap.
text: Getting it caught between the bending duct and the edge
text: of the plywood.
text: Haley pushes with all her weight against the plywood.
dialog: 48.
text: The animal is trapped. Pulling back. Trying to escape.
text: Its broad snout just inches from Haley.
text: SNARLING and HISSING. Struggling to get free.
text: Haley can’t hold it much longer.
text: Sees a NARROW OPENING in the foundation. Several yards
dialog: away.
text: She lets up on the plywood just as --
text: The animal gives a hard backward yank. Slipping back
text: behind the duct.
text: Haley dives for that narrow opening.
text: Rolling onto her side. Presses herself through the tight
dialog: entrance --
text: Into a concrete CUBBYHOLE. A recessed portion of the
text: crawl space. The size of a walk-in closet.
text: Haley backs up. The ground is very muddy and wet back
dialog: here.
text: She finds a piece of rebar lying on the muck. Grabs it
text: for protection. Gripping it tight.
text: Clicks off the flashlight.
scene_heading: THE REPTILE --
text: CRASHES through the plywood. Pulling itself free from
text: the passageway.
text: Prowling the space. Hunting for Haley.
speaker_heading: HALEY --
text: Can hear the animal SNIFFING close by. Raspy BREATHING.
text: Then a long, low guttural GROWL.
text: The reptile looms outside the narrow entrance. Staring
text: in. Knows she’s there. Just out of reach.
dialog: 49,
text: Haley’s fed up. Thrusts the end of the rebar out the
text: opening. JAMMING it into the reptile’s snout.
text: The creature retreats slightly.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Go away! Get out of here!
text: Haley winces in pain.
text: Inspects her damaged leg. She’s bleeding through the
text: tourniquet. Redresses it.
text: CRIES OUT as she tightens the knots.
speaker_heading: HER DAD --
text: Uses the headlamp to look around. Anxiously waiting for
dialog: word from his daughter.
text: Its weak beam of light cuts through the darkness.
text: Revealing all the water dripping off the pipes. Leaking
text: down through the subfloor.
text: It’s a swampy mess. Much worse than he thought.
text: Sees more rainwater spilling in through those side vents.
text: Collecting into large pools of standing water.
text: Realizes he needs to do something.
text: Spots a RUBBER HOSE snaking along the ground beneath the
scene_heading: SUNKEN LIVING ROOM.
text: Some sort of discharge line.
text: Pulls himself forward with his good arm. Moving in small
text: increments.
text: Reaches his shoulder under that low-hanging section of
text: subfloor. Straining.
text: Getting close enough to grab the hose.
dialog: And reel it in.
text: The end is attached to a portable SUMP PUMP. Left down
dialog: here from previous flooding.
dialog: 50.
dialog: This could buy them some time.
text: He pushes it into the rising water.
text: Flips the switch from AUTOMATIC to MANUAL. It doesn’t
dialog: start.
text: Frustrated, he flips the switch back and forth. Still
dialog: nothing.
text: Lifts the pump’s housing from the water. Opens a
text: compartment at the back. The battery pack is empty.
text: Her dad looks back toward that radio CHATTERING in the
dialog: darkness.
text: Pulls himself toward it.
text: The slurry of muck and water is making it easier for him
dialog: to move.
speaker_heading: HALEY --
text: Hears the reptile creeping back toward the narrow
dialog: opening.
text: She clicks on the flashlight. Points it directly at the
text: beast. Shining the blinding beam into its eyes.
text: The alligator GROWLS irritated. Backing away.
text: Sensitive to the bright light.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: That's right. Get your slimy ass
dialog: out of here!
text: The reptile keeps backing up. Moving into the shadows.
text: Out of the beam’s reach.
text: Haley detects a RUSTLE of movement behind her. Looks
text: over her shoulder.
text: A RABBIT hops into view. Just a few feet away.
text: A Cottontail. Nose wiggling wildly. It’s made this
text: corner of the crawl space its home.
dialog: 51.
text: Haley freezes. Not wanting to scare it.
text: The rabbit pauses. Motionless. Its black eyes staring
text: back at her.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (whispers)
dialog: Don’t worry. I’m not gonna hurt
dialog: you.
text: The frightened animal suddenly darts off.
text: Scurrying for the entrance.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: No...
text: Haley makes a desperate grab for it.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: ---don't...
text: But she’s too late. It slips through her hands. Fleeing
text: out the narrow opening.
text: Into the open crawl space.
text: The reptile STRIKES. Lunging from the shadows.
text: It's fast and vicious. Huge jaws SNAPPING down on the
text: unsuspecting rabbit. Teeth chomping and grinding.
text: It's over in seconds.
text: The alligator turns toward Haley. Eyes reflecting a deep
text: red in the low light. Finishes chewing. A bloody grin.
text: It’s taunting her.
text: Haley YELLS in frustration.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: FUCK YOU!
text: The reptile lumbers off.
text: She backs up. Her rage turning to despair. Lies there a
text: moment. Tears welling.
dialog: 52.
text: A pile of fallen insulation near the rear of the
text: cubbyhole shifts slightly.
text: Haley cautiously pushes it aside. Revealing --
text: Two YOUNG BUNNIES. A few weeks old. Furred. Crawling
text: over one another. Eyes open. Helpless.
text: And now orphaned.
text: They’re wet, cold, and shaking.
text: Water is spilling in from somewhere along the concrete
dialog: wall.
text: Haley follows it back to its source.
text: Finds a SIX-INCH CUT-OUT in the foundation.
text: An opening just big enough to reach her arm out. The
text: meshed screen on the other side has been chewed through.
text: Haley looks back at the bunnies.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: So that’s how your mommy got in
dialog: here.
text: She considers her options.
dialog: Can’t push them out there. They’1ll drown. And she can’t
dialog: leave them here.
text: Haley quickly packs the hole with insulation. Trying to
text: stop the water from coming in. Slows it to a trickle.
text: Then she scoops up the young bunnies. Wraps them in her
text: tank top. Holding them close to her chest.
text: Moves toward that opening.
text: She CLICKS on the flashlight. Looks out into the empty
dialog: crawl space.
text: The alligator appears to have moved off.
text: Haley turns off the flashlight. And, armed with that
text: piece of rebar, carefully creeps out.
dialog: 53.
text: She's cradling the bunnies. Trying to move quietly.
text: Eyes searching for the reptile.
speaker_heading: HER DAD --
text: Is now lying near those twisting pipes.
text: Using his shredded tool belt in an attempt to snag --
text: The PORTABLE RADIO. It’s floating in the rising water on
text: the other side of the plumbing.
text: Just a few feet away.
text: He tosses the belt. Trying to hook it. But misses.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Come on...
text: Tries again. Closer --
dialog: But another miss.
text: A final attempt. This time the buckle manages to catch
text: onto the antenna.
text: He carefully pulls the radio toward him.
text: Removes the batteries.
text: And begins the slow crawl back to the sump pump.
text: Using the floor joists to pull himself along.
dialog: Occasionally stopping when the pain is too much. This
dialog: simple task is exhausting.
text: He reaches the pump, lifts the housing from the water,
text: and inserts the batteries.
text: Her dad sets the base back down. Submerging it. Flips
dialog: the switch.
text: A hesitant beat...
text: The pump CHOKES to life. He can hear water GURGLING out
text: through the discharge line.
dialog: 54.
text: Shines his headlamp along the hose snaking toward the
text: foundation. Hopefully draining out away from the house.
text: The beam of light flutters slightly. Close to dying.
text: Her dad shakes it back to life.
speaker_heading: HALEY --
text: Notices that the MUSIC from the radio has stopped. An
text: eerie silence.
text: Can’t call to her dad. Too worried she’ll give away her
dialog: location to that reptile.
text: She hugs the side of the foundation. Dragging her
text: injured leg. With one arm holding the squirming bunnies.
text: Awkwardly inches her way through the darkness back toward
text: that locked entryway hatch.
text: This time she easily finds it.
dialog: Shoulders the cover up the few inches the padlock will
text: allow. Using the rebar to prop it open.
text: Haley gently pushes the ORPHANED BUNNIES through the gap.
text: One of them turns. Trying to make its way back through.
text: Looking for its mother.
text: She tenderly nudges it out. A sad smile.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: No, honey. Stay there. You’1ll be
dialog: safe.
text: Haley carefully removes the rebar. Letting the hatch
text: cover gently drop back into place.
text: Exhales. A small victory.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D (CONT'D)
dialog: (mutters to herself)
dialog: Now, how the hell are we getting
dialog: out of here?
text: From her position, she spots the REPTILE through the maze
dialog: of supports.
dialog: 55.
text: It's lurking beneath the garage hatch. Lying in a few
text: inches of muddy water.
text: Haley can hear more water DRIPPING all around her.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (calls into the darkness)
dialog: Dad, this crawl space is flooding.
dialog: What are we gonna do?
speaker_heading: DAD (0.S.)
dialog: I don’t know. But I got the sump
dialog: pump working. It should buy us a
dialog: little time.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Okay. I’m coming back. Keep an
dialog: eye on that thing for me.
speaker_heading: DAD (0.S.)
dialog: Iwill. Be careful.
text: She starts crawling toward his VOICE.
scene_heading: EXT. CUL-DE-SAC - LATE AFTERNOON
text: A SECURITY VEHICLE slowly cruises down the flooded street
text: on patrol.
text: It circles back.
text: And parks facing her dad's pickup truck.
scene_heading: INT. SECURITY VEHICLE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: BOBBY (23), a good-looking kid. Mustache unable to hide
text: his boyish face.
text: The chatter of the car radio keeps him company.
speaker_heading: RADIO ANNOUNCER
text: .-.-due to heavy rain and gale-force
dialog: winds, authorities have asked that
dialog: all non-emergency vehicles stay off
dialog: the roads...
dialog: 56.
text: He turns the volume down. Sits, looking out his
text: windshield at the TRUCK and HALEY’S OUTBACK. Wipers
text: THUMPING.
text: Bobby checks a clipboard on the passenger seat. Writing
dialog: down some notes.
text: Pulls up the hood on his rain jacket, opens the door, and
text: steps out into the pouring rain.
scene_heading: INT. CRAWL SPACE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Haley hears the distinct THUMP of a car door.
text: Looks toward the front of the house. Unsure if she
dialog: actually heard it.
text: She changes directions. Quickly works her way through
text: the cramped space. Swatting away cobwebs.
text: Drops the rebar so she can crawl faster.
text: Reaching a VENT set into the front of the foundation.
text: She leans close. Peering out through the narrow slats.
speaker_heading: HALEY'S POV
text: A partially obscured view of the front yard. She can see
text: her dad’s pickup truck. Lit by the headlights of the
text: security vehicle.
text: Bobby's outside walking through the heavy rain toward the
dialog: truck.
text: BACK TO SCENE
text: Haley can’t believe it.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: (yells)
text: HEY! DOWN HERE!
dialog: 57.
scene_heading: EXT. CUL-DE-SAC - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Bobby uses his flashlight to look into the pickup’s
text: gloomy interior. Then turns toward Haley's Outback.
scene_heading: INT. CRAWL SPACE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Haley glances over her shoulder. Shouting to her dad.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Dad, there’s someone outside!
text: She shifts her attention back to the vent. Continues
text: SCREAMING.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Help! HELP!
text: HITTING her fist against the metal cover. Trying to get
text: Bobby's attention.
scene_heading: EXT. CUL-DE-SAC - LATE AFTERNOON
text: But the POUNDING RAIN drowns out her cries.
text: Bobby scans the handful of empty houses.
dialog: Debates whether it’s worth calling in a couple of
text: abandoned vehicles.
scene_heading: INT. CRAWL SPACE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Haley has her face up against the vent. Water's
text: trickling in through the louvers.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: PLEASE! YOU NEED TO HELP US!
text: On the other side of the crawl space, her dad has joined
text: in. Yelling at the top of his lungs.
speaker_heading: DAD (0.S.)
speaker_heading: HELP!
speaker_heading: HALEY
text: DOWN HERE. HEY! HELP US! WE’RE
speaker_heading: TRAPPED!
dialog: 58.
text: It doesn’t seem to be working. Haley takes a different
text: tact. Grabbing the flashlight.
text: Shines it at the vent.
text: Panning the beam over the slats. Clicking it on and off.
scene_heading: EXT. CUL-DE-SAC - LATE AFTERNOON
text: At the base of the foundation. The other side of that
text: VENT. A flicker of light. Barely visible through the
dialog: rain.
text: Bobby doesn’t see it. He’s already headed back toward
text: his vehicle.
scene_heading: INT. CRAWL SPACE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Haley realizes that he’s leaving.
speaker_heading: HALEY
text: HEY! WAIT! DON’T GO!
text: Desperate to get his attention. Hope draining away.
text: Then she sees her Outback.
text: Haley reaches into her pocket.
text: Pulls out her car keys. Fumbling for the button.
text: Pointing the keychain toward the vent.
scene_heading: EXT. SECURITY VEHICLE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Bobby is climbing behind the wheel when --
text: The Outback's alarm KICKS ON.
text: He reacts. Turning toward the car.
text: Its alarm WAILING. Headlights flashing.
text: Bobby cautiously steps from his vehicle. His hand on his
dialog: belt. Is somebody messing with him?
dialog: 59.
text: He shifts his attention to the nearby house. Decides he
dialog: better check it out.
scene_heading: INT. CRAWL SPACE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Haley watches as Bobby crosses the lawn toward the front
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Come on... yes.
text: Haley BLEEPS off the car alarm to hear better.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Dad, he’s coming in!
text: Muffled FOOTSTEPS. The CREAK of floorboards.
dialog: A muted “hello?”
text: Haley heads toward the sounds. Trying to get closer.
text: POUNDING up on the floorboards.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
text: HELP! DOWN HERE!
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED HOUSE - ENTRYWAY - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Bobby stands in the entryway. Panning his flashlight
text: over the darkened interior. Listens...
text: Just the sound of the HEAVY RAIN.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Anybody home?
text: A FLASH of lightning illuminates the inside of the house.
scene_heading: INT. CRAWL SPACE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Haley keeps moving. SLAMMING her fist into the
text: floorboards overhead. Trying to get Bobby’s attention.
text: Her knuckles getting scraped up and bloody.
text: Haley screams. Voice growing hoarse and raspy.
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: HALEY
text: HELP! WE’RE TRAPPED DOWN HERE!
speaker_heading: DAD (0.S.)
dialog: Haley, I don’t think he can hear
dialog: you. Try banging on the pipes.
text: Haley retrieves the piece of rebar. And HITS the
text: plumbing near the wet wall.
speaker_heading: HER DAD --
text: Shines his weakening headlamp toward the garage hatch.
text: The ALLIGATOR seems agitated by all the noise.
text: It gets up, slicing through the water. Moving toward
text: that loud resonating SOUND.
text: The beam of light flickers. And goes out.
text: Her dad nervously scans the inky black space. He’s lost
text: sight of the reptile.
speaker_heading: DAD
text: (yelling toward his
dialog: daughter)
dialog: Haley, watch out! It’s on the
dialog: move!
speaker_heading: HALEY --
text: Doesn't hear him. She’s too busy HAMMERING the pipes.
text: Trying to make as much NOISE as possible.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED HOUSE - VARIOUS - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Bobby hears a faint CLANGING sound. Follows it.
text: Realizes the sound is echoing up from beneath the floor.
scene_heading: INT. CRAWL SPACE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Haley stops to listen as Bobby’s FOOTSTEPS move further
text: into the house.
dialog: 61.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Dad, I think he’s looking for the
dialog: hatch.
text: Hears her dad’s frantic VOICE.
speaker_heading: DAD (0.S.)
dialog: Haley, did you hear me? I don’t
dialog: know where that thing went!
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Oh my God.
text: She’s suddenly on alert. Switches on the flashlight.
text: Eyes scanning the shadows. Trying to locate the reptile.
scene_heading: INT. GARAGE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Bobby steps down into the garage. Sees the propped up
text: garage door. The STORM still raging outside.
text: He approaches that empty storage closet.
scene_heading: INT. CRAWL SPACE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Haley anxiously pans the flashlight back and forth.
text: Checking all around her. Listening for any sign of the
text: alligator.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: I can't see it!
speaker_heading: DAD (0.S.)
dialog: I heard it go by just a minute ago.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE CLOSET - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Bobby's flashlight picks out the open access hatch.
scene_heading: INT. CRAWL SPACE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: The beam from his flashlight filters down into the crawl
dialog: space.
text: Bobby pokes his head down through the opening.
dialog: 62.
text: He sweeps the flooding space with his light. Too dark to
dialog: see much.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: Is somebody down here?
speaker_heading: HALEY --
text: Sees Bobby in the lighted hatch. Needs to stop him.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: No!
text: Frantically tries to signal him. Screaming. Waving her
dialog: flashlight.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: DON'T COME DOWN HERE!
speaker_heading: BOBBY --
text: Sees the far-off beam swinging back and forth.
text: Can't hear much for the deafening rain HITTING the garage
dialog: door.
text: He leans in further.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What the hell are you doing back
dialog: there? It’s gonna flood.
speaker_heading: HER DAD --
text: Hears Haley’s frantic pleas. He tries to warn Bobby.
text: Yelling from the darkness.
speaker_heading: DAD
text: STAY BACK! GO GET HELP!
speaker_heading: BOBBY --
text: Turns his attention toward her dad’s VOICE. Looking into
text: the shadows.
dialog: 63.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: DAD (0.S.)
dialog: There’s an alligator down here!
dialog: We're trapped!
text: It takes him a moment to process this. The water below
text: Bobby SLOSHES slightly.
speaker_heading: BOBBY
dialog: (calling back)
dialog: Shit. Okay. Hold on!
text: He pulls himself up and out of the hatch.
scene_heading: INT. STORAGE CLOSET - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Bobby's perched on the edge of the opening. Adrenaline
text: pumping. Reaches for his radio to call for help.
text: Hand shaking a little as he unclips it from his belt.
text: WHAM! The alligator LUNGES up from the access hatch.
text: Lightning fast.
text: CLAMPING onto Bobby’s arm. Using its own weight to drag
text: him down into the crawl space.
scene_heading: INT. CRAWL SPACE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Bobby lands with a SPLASH.
text: The reptile is on him in seconds. RIPPING into him.
text: Bobby's SCREAMING. Trying to fight it off.
speaker_heading: HALEY --
text: Watching in shock as the REPTILE flings him around.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: No. NOOO!
text: Then a horrible sound. The CRACK of bones. His neck
text: SNAPS. Bobby falls silent.
dialog: 64.
text: The alligator yanks the lifeless guard back into the
dialog: darkness.
text: Just the RUSTLE of movement. The water settles.
text: Haley closes her eyes. A sense of total hopelessness.
text: Can't get her breath. Suffocating. Now more afraid than
dialog: ever.
text: She opens her eyes. Realizes she needs to get back to
text: her dad while that thing is distracted.
text: Begins a desperate crawl. Clutching the rebar in one
text: hand. The switched-off flashlight in the other.
dialog: We're with her the whole way.
text: Following Haley as she SPLASHES through the rising water.
text: Trying to find her way back.
text: In her panic, gets turned around.
text: Realizes she’s lost.
text: Clicks on the flashlight.
text: Its beam scans the crawl space.
text: Picks out that battered TRAP CAGE. Knows that she’s
dialog: close.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (harsh whisper)
dialog: Dad?
text: The beam falters.
text: She shakes it. Breathing hard.
text: It comes back on.
text: Revealing a brief glimpse of the empty crawl space.
text: It goes dark again. Haley, panicked, gives it another
dialog: shake.
text: A flash of the REPTILE snaking its way toward her.
text: Then blackness.
dialog: 65.
text: Haley SCREAMS.
dialog: Not knowing which way to go.
text: CRIES OUT for her dad. Certain she’s about to die.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: DADDY! ?
text: A HAND suddenly clamps onto her arm. Pulling her back
text: into the shadows.
text: Dragging her under that network of pipes.
text: The water SURGES as the reptile SWEEPS past. Twisting
text: away. Slinking back into the dark.
text: Haley’s safe. Just out of reach. Sees her dad.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (tears in his eyes)
dialog: Thought I lost you.
text: She grabs him around the neck. SOBBING uncontrollably.
text: Overcome by everything she’s seen and been through.
text: He holds her tight. Trying to comfort her. Checks to
dialog: make sure she’s okay.
text: Haley's scraped up and bruised. Covered in mud.
text: Then he sees her bloody leg.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: My god. Why didn’t you tell me?
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: I’m fine. It's not as bad as it
dialog: looks.
text: Her dad winces as he shifts positions.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: How are you?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Think I've found my second wind.
dialog: 66.
text: This gets a smile out of her. Haley wipes away her
text: tears. Looks back at the garage hatch.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: That poor security guard.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I tried to warn him.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Honey, there’s nothing more you
dialog: could’ve done.
text: Haley takes a deep breath. Worn out. Defeated.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: We’re never getting out of here,
dialog: are we?
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Haley, I need you to be strong.
dialog: We’re not quitting.
text: He brushes the hair from his daughter’s face.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: Remember when your mom was sick.
dialog: Through all the treatments. She
dialog: never gave up. We need to fight.
dialog: Just like she did. Do you hear me?
text: Haley is quiet for a beat, then --
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Yeah.
text: Her dad looks around at the rising water.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: We’re in a real low spot here. We
dialog: need to get you to that hatch
dialog: before this whole place is flooded.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: We'll go together.
text: Shakes his head. No.
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I‘1l just slow you down. You have
dialog: to leave me.
text: As much as she fights the idea, she knows he’s right.
text: A long solemn beat. Her dad has an idea.
text: He takes the flashlight from his daughter's grip.
text: Switching it off to save the battery.
text: He then reaches up. Grabbing a long loop of electrical
text: wire hanging from a nearby joist.
text: Staples SNAP free as he pulls it loose.
text: Wrapping the wire around the base of the flashlight.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: It didn't like you banging on those
dialog: pipes. Maybe we can use that to
text: draw it away from the hatch.
text: Her dad points toward the low-hanging section created by
text: the sunken living room.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: Think you can make it under there?
text: If Haley crawls on her belly, she can fit. But the water
text: level is high enough that she’ll be mostly submerged.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: I've been in tighter spaces than
dialog: that today.
text: Her dad smiles.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Good. While I distract it, you go
dialog: out that way. Sneak around. And
dialog: make your way back to the hatch.
text: He reaches for the piece of rebar.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: Help me get to those pipes.
dialog: 68.
text: Together they work their way toward the cluster of
dialog: plumbing.
text: With his good arm, he shoulders up one of the heavy
text: pipes. The metal flexes. Straining.
text: Haley helps her dad hold the pipe in place while he JAMS
text: the rebar under. Propping it up. Creating an opening
text: large enough to lure the animal in.
text: He takes the tethered flashlight from his daughter.
text: Sees that charm bracelet on her wrist. A rush of
dialog: memories.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: I gave that to your mom in college.
dialog: She was just about your age.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: I know.
text: He hugs her tight.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: You’re so much like her.
text: A final embrace.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: You ready?
text: She nods.
text: Haley wades toward that low-hanging section of subfloor.
text: And submerges herself. Squeezing beneath the sunken
dialog: living room.
text: Her dad clicks on the flashlight. Tosses it through the
text: open section of pipes. Out into the crawl space.
text: It SPLASHES down into the rising water. Floating several
text: yards away.
text: In his weakened state, her dad grabs a piece of BRICK.
text: And starts HITTING it against the pipes. Again and
dialog: again.
text: Creating a loud REVERBERATING noise.
dialog: 69.
text: The CLANGING gets the attention of the REPTILE.
text: Her dad stops to listen.
text: Hears far away SCRAPING and SPLASHING in the darkness as
text: the agitated animal crawls toward the sound.
text: It's working. He continues BANGING.
text: The reptile comes into view, honing in on the beam of the
dialog: flashlight.
speaker_heading: HALEY --
text: In tight quarters. Half swimming, half crawling on her
text: stomach beneath the sunken living room.
text: She pulls herself through the murky water. Trying to
text: keep her head above the surface.
text: But the water’s getting too high. Haley has to go under.
speaker_heading: HER DAD --
text: Grips the length of electrical wire. Slowly reeling in
text: the flashlight.
text: Watches as the huge creature approaches through the
text: flooded space. Its red eyes reflected as it stalks
text: toward the light.
speaker_heading: HALEY --
text: Scrambles out on the other side of that low-hanging
dialog: section.
text: Into an unexplored portion of the crawl space.
text: Sucks in a huge breath of air.
text: She’s on her hands and knees now. Cautiously moving out
dialog: and around.
text: Hearing the reptile as it makes a beeline for that
text: flashlight and her dad.
dialog: 70.
text: Haley feels her way forward in the dark. Splashing
text: through the muck.
text: Can’t yet see the open access hatch.
speaker_heading: HER DAD --
text: Has his attention fixed on the reptile.
text: It suddenly lunges for the flashlight. JAMMING half its
text: body through the opening.
text: Her dad is ready. And waiting.
text: KICKS the rebar free with his good leg. Releasing the
text: heavy pipe overhead.
text: It CLAMPS down on the reptile’s back. PINNING it into
text: the water and muck.
text: The creature THRASHES wildly. SPLASHING around.
dialog: Trapped.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (yells)
dialog: Haley, GO!
text: The reptile’s FRONT CLAWS instinctively rake the ground.
text: As the beast tries to pull itself forward. Toward her
text: dad. Its jaws SNAPPING.
text: He grabs the rebar. Dragging himself back out of the
dialog: way.
speaker_heading: HALEY --
text: Can now see the garage hatch up ahead through the gloom.
text: Sloshes toward it.
text: Moving through a pile of rotting vegetation. Twigs and
text: leaves sticking up out of the water.
text: The surface beneath her hand gives way with a CRUNCH.
text: She lifts her hand to her face. It's covered in goo.
text: And then she sees --
dialog: 71.
text: A CRUSHED EGG.
text: And more EGGS. Still intact. A dozen or so.
dialog: It's a goddamn nest! This must be what that reptile was
dialog: guarding.
text: Then a low BELLOWING GROWL...
text: As a SHAPE rises up from the shadows directly in front of
text: her. Creeping forward.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Oh... shit...
text: She's face-to-face with a SECOND ALLIGATOR!
text: Not as big as the first. But still scary as hell.
dialog: This is a FEMALE. And it's very territorial.
text: The animal HISSES.
text: Haley slowly backs away.
text: The female’s eyes burning into her. As it hovers over
text: the remaining eggs. Protective.
text: It HISSES again. SNAPPING at her.
text: Haley spins around and starts crawling as fast as she
dialog: can.
text: Blindly SPLASHING through the darkness. Not sure where
dialog: she's going.
speaker_heading: HER DAD --
text: The MALE REPTILE continues trying to pull itself into the
text: space. It’s trapped. Tangled up in that maze of pipes.
text: Claws SLASHING at the mud. Struggling to get traction.
text: Her dad SWINGS at it with the rebar. HITTING its tough
dialog: skin.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: HALEY --
text: Weaves around supports. Under hanging insulation.
text: Trying to put as much distance between her and that
text: female reptile.
text: She looks back.
text: Appears to have shaken it.
text: WHAM! The FEMALE ALLIGATOR suddenly charges in from the
dialog: side.
text: Its JAWS latching onto the thigh of her already injured
dialog: leg.
text: It’s a vicious collision.
text: Like Haley’s been t-boned. The FEMALE pushes her through
text: the darkness sideways.
text: Haley's shoulder SLAMS into a support. She SCREAMS in
dialog: pain.
text: The female reptile flings her side to side. Jaws still
text: clamped onto her upper leg. It’s close quarters.
dialog: Brutal.
text: Haley's punching back. Going for the eyes. Desperately
text: trying to fight it off.
text: Manages to kick free. Dazed. Blood flowing down her
text: face.
text: She grasps for something to hold on to as she tries to
text: crawl away.
text: Takes hold of a copper pipe overhead. Quickly let's go.
dialog: It's scalding hot. Shit!
text: Realizes she's beneath the HOT WATER HEATER.
text: The female alligator lunges from the darkness. Bites
text: down onto her ankle.
text: Haley uses a loose piece of insulation to grab onto the
text: hot copper pipe.
dialog: 73.
text: Pulling with both hands. Using the full weight of her
text: body. Fighting through the pain.
text: As the female reptile tries to drag her away.
text: The copper’s bending at the joint.
dialog: It SNAPS open!
text: Haley twists out of the way aiming the full force of the
text: scalding hot water at the FEMALE REPTILE.
text: It SHRIEKS. Letting go of Haley. Retreating.
text: Haley splashes to safety as the tank overhead empties.
text: Adding forty gallons of hot water to the already flooded
dialog: space.
text: The haunting SHRIEKS of the burned creature continue from
text: the shadows.
speaker_heading: HER DAD --
text: The MALE REPTILE. Still pinned beneath that heavy pipe.
text: Hears the CRIES of its mate. Goes berserk. Shifting
dialog: directions.
text: Thrashing. Flipping mud everywhere. Now pushing itself
text: back. Using the slick surface to its advantage.
text: Haley's dad realizes the animal is trying to back out.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: No...
text: Moves forward with the rebar. Grasping onto the slippery
text: pipe. Pressing down. Attempting to hold it in place.
text: But the male reptile pulls free. SPLASHING away.
text: Her dad looks over at the open hatch. His daughter
dialog: should have gotten there by now.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: Shit! Haley, where are you? I
dialog: couldn’t hold it. It got loose!
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: HALEY --
text: Drenched. Banged up. Checks the damage to her already
text: mangled leg.
text: It’s really chewed up now. Punctured skin. Teeth marks.
text: Blood seeping out.
text: She vomits. Wipes her mouth with the back of her hand.
text: Yelling back to her dad.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Dad. There’s two of them! I
dialog: didn’t make it.
text: She’s trembling. Shaking from the loss of blood.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (lies)
dialog: But I’m okay.
text: Sees that the open hatch is not that far away. She can
dialog: make it.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (quietly, to herself)
dialog: Gotta move, Haley.
text: Starts to crawl.
text: A SPLASH. Somewhere off to her right.
text: She puts her head down. Keeps going.
text: She's reached that area where the clearance is higher.
text: Now able to crawl faster.
dialog: Almost there...
text: The MALE REPTILE suddenly slides into view directly in
text: front of her.
text: Blocking her path.
text: It GROWLS. Charging.
text: Haley quickly shifts directions.
text: Splashing back through the murky water.
text: Her hand falls on something solid in the mud.
dialog: Comes up --
text: Clutching her dad's large PIPE WRENCH. The one she
text: passed over on her way in.
text: That MALE REPTILE is powering toward her.
text: Haley swings the heavy wrench. With everything she’s
dialog: got.
text: It makes contact.
text: WHACK! Knocks the beast’s head sideways. SLAMMING its
text: skull into a support.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: How do you like that, motherfucker!?
text: The male reptile shakes it off.
text: Haley splashes through the rising water.
text: Takes shelter behind a large drain pipe.
text: Nervously looks around. Knows the female is still
text: lurking somewhere out there too.
text: The MALE REPTILE charges from the shadows.
text: Jaws open wide --
text: And CLAMPS onto the pipe.
text: Tugging near a joint. Breaking the seal.
text: More water spilling out. Flooding the space.
text: As Haley retreats, her mom’s CHARM BRACELET snags on a
dialog: support. And SNAPS.
text: The male alligator moves around the broken pipe.
text: Haley sees the bracelet fall into the rushing water.
text: Grabs it.
dialog: 75.
dialog: 76.
text: The creature SNAPS at her. Another glimpse of its
text: massive jaws. Exposed teeth. Just missing Haley.
text: She clambers back. Stuffing the bracelet into her
text: pocket. Defiant.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: You're not getting that, Asshole!
text: Haley swings the pipe wrench again. WHUMP! Stunning the
text: animal. Buying herself some time.
text: She scrambles away. Trying to orientate herself. She’s
dialog: turned around.
text: In a different portion of the crawl space.
text: Spots a couple of METAL SUPPORT JACKS. Stabilizing some
text: rotting posts. Propping up the sagging floor overhead.
text: Realizes she’s under the kitchen.
text: Haley kicks at one of the jacks.
text: Hears the male reptile SCRAPING and SPLASHING in her
dialog: direction.
text: She HAMMERS at the jack with the pipe wrench. It shifts
text: slightly in the mud.
text: Hits it again.
text: Lightning STRIKES really close. Instantly lighting the
dialog: space.
text: A brief glimpse of the advancing MALE REPTILE.
text: Thunder BOOMS! Shaking the house on its foundation.
text: Haley, more frantic now. Pounding at that jack with
dialog: everything she’s got.
text: It finally slips out from under the joist.
text: The boards above her STRAINING. A loud CRACK. The
text: weight of the rotting floor pushing down.
text: The male alligator slices through the muddy water.
text: Almost on her.
dialog: 77.
text: The water damaged posts SNAP like toothpicks. The joists
text: overhead collapse. SPLASHING down.
text: Along with a section of the subfloor. The entire KITCHEN
text: ISLAND crashes down into the space.
text: Haley tries to shield herself from all the falling
text: debris.
text: A HUGE SPLASH of mud and water.
text: A beat as it settles.
text: Leaving Haley trapped on one side of the cave-in. Not
text: knowing if the male reptile is buried beneath it.
speaker_heading: HER DAD --
text: Reacts to the sound of the COLLAPSE.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: (calling to his daughter)
dialog: Haley, what was that? Are you
dialog: okay?
speaker_heading: HALEY --
text: Is COUGHING. Sees the pile of rubble and debris in front
dialog: of her.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: (yelling back)
dialog: I’m good.
dialog: (then)
text: Just a slight change of plans.
text: She tries to move.
text: Her damaged leg is pinned under a fallen beam.
text: The male reptile GROWLS on the other side. Trying to dig
text: out from under the rubble.
text: Haley attempts to free herself. Using the pipe wrench.
text: Shoving it into the mud next to her trapped leg.
dialog: 78.
text: Trying to pry up the fallen beam. It won't budge. Too
text: heavy.
text: She starts digging instead. Clawing at the mud around
text: her leg.
text: Pressing against the beam with her good leg.
text: Slowly starts pulling herself out from under.
text: Takes a deep breath. A final push.
text: SCREAMS as she yanks her mangled leg free.
text: Backs away from the fallen debris. Splashing through the
text: dark water.
text: She's tired. Drained. Can’t quit now. Needs to find
dialog: another way out.
text: Haley detects a foul stench. Covers her mouth.
text: She’s stumbled into a stash of DEAD ANIMALS. Rotting
text: carcasses. Chewed up.
text: Haley gags. Backing in the other direction.
text: Touches a HAND and ARM --
text: The remains of that SECURITY GUARD.
text: His MANGLED CORPSE jammed into the tight space. Dead
text: eyes staring up.
text: Haley stifles a scream. Collecting herself.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: (her voice shaking)
dialog: Dad, I found the security guard!
text: A beat. Her dad processing this. Then --
speaker_heading: DAD (0.S.)
dialog: See if you can find his radio.
text: She gropes in the muddy water. Frantically feeling for
text: Bobby’s belt.
text: Wet hands fumbling. No radio.
dialog: 79.
text: But she finds a HOLSTER. Unsnaps it.
text: Feels the handle of a gun there. Pulls the weapon free.
text: It’s slick with mud.
text: Haley tries to wipe it clean.
text: The sound of SHIFTING WATER.
text: Her wet hands struggling with the gun. Flips off the
dialog: safety.
text: As the FEMALE REPTILE charges from the darkness.
text: Haley raises the gun. Squeezes the trigger.
text: A flash of GUNFIRE lights up the cramped space.
text: The female spins away.
dialog: Did she hit it?
text: Haley holds the gun in her trembling hand. Searching the
dialog: darkness.
text: Her ears are still RINGING.
text: No sign of either alligator.
text: The water is rising around her. Now up to her elbows.
dialog: She needs to move.
text: Another FLASH of lightning reveals a nearby vent. This
text: time at the back of the house.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: (calls into the darkness)
dialog: Dad, hang on!
speaker_heading: HER DAD --
text: Exhausted and weak. Floundering. Up to his neck in the
text: rising water.
text: He drags himself through the flooding space. Needs to
dialog: get to higher ground.
dialog: 80.
speaker_heading: HALEY --
text: SPLASHES back along the rear edge of the foundation.
text: Half swimming, half crawling.
text: Reaching that vent.
text: Rainwater pours in through the slats.
text: She aims the gun toward the vent.
text: FIRES into the metal cover. Near the edges. Where the
text: bolts hold it in place.
text: Each GUNSHOT is deafening.
text: Haley twists her body around. Kicks madly at the
text: loosened vent cover with her good leg.
text: Knocking it out completely.
text: With the cover off, more rainwater surges in.
text: Haley takes one final look behind her and squeezes
dialog: through.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED HOUSE - BACKYARD - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Haley gets an arm out the open vent. Then her shoulder.
text: She claws at the mud.
dialog: It's tight.
text: Haley's stuck. Squirming wildly.
text: Half in, half out.
text: Knows her lower half is completely exposed.
text: She inches herself forward.
text: Finally pulls free.
text: Tank top plastered in mud. Winces in pain as she gets to
text: her feet.
text: Sees the swimming pool. The rear sliding glass door.
dialog: 81.
text: Turns back, yelling into the open vent.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Dad, I’m out!
text: The JAWS OF THE FEMALE REPTILE SMASH OUT through the
text: Opening! SNAPPING at her.
dialog: 
text: Haley staggers back.
text: She limps toward the sliding glass door. Favoring her
dialog: good leg.
text: Moving around the edge of the pool.
text: The FEMALE REPTILE continues squeezing its way through
text: the narrow vent.
text: The wind is intense. Rain SLAMMING down on Haley.
text: A METAL LOUNGE CHAIR blows across the deck. Splashing
text: down into the pool.
text: Haley's damaged leg buckles as she loses her footing on
text: the slick surface.
text: And tumbles over the side. Into the deep end.
text: SPLASHING down into eight feet of murky water.
text: She goes UNDER.
text: The gun slipping from her grip. Sinking to the bottom.
text: Haley bursts to the SURFACE. Coughing.
text: Swims toward the edge. Tries to pull herself up out of
text: the water. Her arms too weak and tired.
text: A FLASH of lightning reveals --
text: The female reptile. Now completely free of the vent.
text: Crawling rapidly toward the pool. SPLASHING down into
text: the shallow end.
text: It swims toward Haley. Sinking beneath the surface.
text: Haley tries to reach the ladder. Her wet hands keep
dialog: slipping. Can't get a grip.
dialog: 82.
text: The RAIN is pounding down.
text: Haley spins around. Scanning the pool. Where the hell
dialog: did that thing go?
scene_heading: INT. CRAWL SPACE - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Her dad lifts his head up into the space between the
text: joists as the water level continues to rise.
text: Keeping his chin above the surface. Coughing. Choking.
text: POUNDING at the boards overhead with the rebar.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Haley! Hurry!
scene_heading: EXT. DEEP END OF SWIMMING POOL - LATE AFTERNOON
dialog: Haley's got her own problems.
text: The FEMALE REPTILE surfaces.
text: Just a few yards away. Slicing through the water toward
dialog: her.
text: Jaws SNAPPING.
text: Haley grabs the floating lounge chair. Pushes it between
text: her and the female alligator.
text: Then dives under.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: Murky. Her hair swirling. Frantically searching the
text: bottom of the pool for that gun.
text: Lightning FLASHES. Its glow penetrates the water.
text: A glimpse of the female’s DARK OUTLINE gliding past just
text: overhead.
text: Plunging down toward Haley.
text: Haley kicks wildly. Trying to swim out of its path.
dialog: 83.
text: The animal's HUGE TAIL sweeps past. KNOCKING into her.
speaker_heading: ABOVE WATER
text: Haley SURFACES. Coughing up water.
text: Teeth chattering. Searching for the female alligator.
text: The water RIPPLING...
text: She catches something out of the corner of her eye.
dialog: Whips around --
text: It’s just the LOUNGE CHAIR.
text: Lightning SLASHES the sky --
text: Then the female reptile EXPLODES from the water right
text: behind her.
text: Snagging Haley’s right arm. Pulling her under.
speaker_heading: UNDERWATER
text: A silent scream as Haley is dragged to the bottom.
text: Trailing a cloud of bubbles.
text: The animal holds her under. Trying to drown her.
text: Haley desperately fights to get free. Lungs about to
dialog: burst.
text: Her left arm flailing. Hand searching --
text: Finds the gun! Sweeping it up.
text: Pressing the barrel against the female reptile’s head.
text: Pulls the trigger. Point blank.
text: The gun kicks. A MUFFLED BANG. Air bubbles surging from
dialog: the barrel.
text: As a bullet rips into the animal’s leathery skin.
text: Blood clouding the water.
dialog: 84.
text: The female reptile goes slack. Releasing its grip.
text: Haley pushes the dead animal off her. And kicks for the
dialog: surface.
scene_heading: EXT. ABANDONED HOUSE - BACK PATIO - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Haley crawls up over the lip of the pool. Pulling
text: herself out. Drenched clothes clinging to her body.
text: She looks like she's been through hell. And she's still
dialog: not finished.
text: Haley limps toward the sliding glass door. Hair soaked
text: and matted. Arm bleeding.
text: Yanks at the handle. It's locked. Fuck!
text: She searches the deck.
text: Grabs an overturned metal chair.
text: SMASHING it into the tempered glass.
text: It DENTS. But doesn't break.
text: Haley swings the chair again.
text: This time the glass SHATTERS.
scene_heading: INT. ABANDONED HOUSE - DINING ROOM - LATE AFTERNOON
text: Haley staggers in.
text: The last bit of gray daylight outside filters in.
text: She finds the CROWBAR lying in the corner of the dining
text: room. Next to the sledgehammer and other tools.
text: Snatches it up.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: (calling out)
dialog: Dad? Where are you?
dialog: Listens...
text: Hears a faint TAPPING coming from below.
dialog: 85.
text: A relieved smile. She follows it.
text: Haley jams the crowbar between some boards. Prying them
dialog: up.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Dad, I'm coming!
text: Ripping up more of the subfloor next to the sunken living
text: room. Zeroing in on the sound.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hang on!
text: Haley continues ripping a hole in the floor. Exposing
text: more of the framework beneath.
text: A glimpse of her dad. His face pressed up between the
text: joists.
text: She pries up a few more boards. Reaches down to help him
dialog: out.
text: Her dad uses the rebar to push himself up. Trying to get
text: his one good leg beneath him.
text: Haley jump down into the flooded crawl space to get more
dialog: leverage.
text: Helps lift him out.
text: Her dad rolls onto his back. Exhausted. Coughing up
dialog: water.
text: Relief. Haley exhales. Still knee-deep in the flooded
dialog: crawl space.
text: A moment of calm. They’re safe. Finally.
text: Then the loosened floorboards nearby SHIFT.
text: Haley spins around as --
text: The MALE REPTILE crashes up over the exposed pipes.
text: Tearing its way through the broken subfloor.
text: Scraped up. Looking pissed.
dialog: 86.
text: Lets out a loud BELLOWING ROAR.
text: Haley tries to climb from the murky water. But her
text: tourniquet SNAGS on one of the supports.
text: The creature lunges toward her.
dialog: About to strike --
text: Her dad staggers up, still clutching that piece of rebar.
text: And HURLS himself toward the beast.
text: Stabbing the steel rod down into the male reptile’s head.
text: Like a harpoon.
text: His weight and momentum pushing the rebar through the
text: animal's leathery skin. A wet THUNK.
text: The reptile lets out a bone-chilling SCREAM.
text: The tip of the rebar gets stuck in the rotting
text: floorboards beneath the animal.
text: It THRASHES wildly for a moment.
text: Twisting and turning. Lashing with its tail. Pinned to
text: the floor.
text: Finally gives up the fight.
text: Goes still.
text: Haley frees her leg and climbs out. Just inches from the
text: dead animal’s jaws.
text: She collapses down next to her dad.
text: He hugs her close.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: It's okay, honey. It's over.
text: A quiet beat, then --
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: Now we just need to get ourselves
text: to the hospital.
dialog: 87.
text: It hurts to laugh. But somehow they find the strength to
dialog: do it anyway.
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: FADE IN:
scene_heading: EXT. BACKYARD OF FAMILY HOUSE - DAY
text: A beautiful sunny day. Time has passed. Haley's
text: recovered some but is still on crutches.
text: She’s tending to the something in front of her. Can’t
dialog: see what.
text: Her dad limps toward her. Leg in a cast. His arm ina
dialog: sling.
dialog: Right now they're the walking wounded. But soon the
dialog: scars will heal.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: How are they doing?
text: We can now see what has Haley’s attention.
text: A BACKYARD PEN. Made of wood and chicken wire.
text: She’s pushing bits of carrot and lettuce through the wire
text: with her fingers.
text: The TWO MOTHERLESS BUNNIES she saved are inside.
text: Nibbling away.
dialog: They've grown in size since we last saw them.
text: Haley's quiet. Blinking back tears. Her dad sees that
text: she’s been crying.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: This would've been one hell of a
dialog: story to tell Mom.
text: He puts his good arm around his daughter.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: I miss her too, honey.
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: You know what the last thing she
dialog: said to me was?
text: A silent beat.
speaker_heading: HALEY (CONT'D)
dialog: Take care of your father.
text: A sad smile. He squeezes her shoulder.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: You've done a pretty good job so
dialog: far. Come on. Let's get back.
text: Father and daughter hobble off together.
text: There's a family cookout on the back deck of the house.
text: Haley's sister Beth is there. With her HUSBAND. And her
text: two precocious CHILDREN. Along with her dad’s girlfriend
speaker_heading: KATIE.
text: As they make their way back to the festivities --
speaker_heading: HALEY
dialog: Did I ever tell you that I like
dialog: your earring.
speaker_heading: DAD
dialog: Yeah, well, I almost got a hook to
dialog: go along with it.
text: Waving his arm in its sling.
speaker_heading: DAD (CONT'D)
dialog: Arrr!
text: FADE TO BLACK.
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
