speaker_heading: CREED
dialog: Written by
dialog: Ryan Coogler and Aaron Covington
dialog: Based on,
text: Characters from the ROCKY Series
dialog: Written by Sylvester Stallone
dialog: Draft 9/30/14
scene_heading: INT. FIGHT CLUB/ BAR- TIJUANA MEXICO- DAY 1
text: We open on a mural of Jesus Christ, painted on the wall of
text: the bar. We pan down to reveal dank surroundings where
text: disinterested patrons are watching a brutal flyweight match
text: between TWO HISPANIC FIGHTERS.
scene_heading: INT. DRESSING ROOM- FIGHT CLUB/ BAR- TIJUANA MEXICO 2
text: More of a water stained box where ADONIS JOHNSON (20'S,
text: Black) leans from one side to another, attempting to stay
text: loose. FLORES (30's) a battle scarred Mexican fighter, stands
text: across from Adonis, thick and menacing, with a neutral
text: expression. Adonis glances at his opponent, who stares back
text: emptily. The door opens off screen.
speaker_heading: REFFEREE (0.S.)
dialog: Vamanos!
text: The two fighters stand up.
scene_heading: INT. RING- FIGHT CLUB/ BAR- TIJUANA MEXICO 3
text: Adonis, prances around the ring, avoiding Florez who is
text: struggling to make contact, and growing tired. Florez corners
text: Adonis up against the ropes, and after missing a few jabs,
text: WHAM he ducks into Adonis and lands a pretty deliberate head
text: but above his left eye, opening a deep gash. As Adonis tries
text: to recover: WHAM WHAM, he lands two bone crunching hooks to
dialog: the gut.
text: Adonis takes an airless breath and stumbles back to the
text: middle of the ring, wiping blood from the gash as the bell
dialog: sounds.
text: Adonis heads to the corner, where a WAITRESS (40s) puts a
text: stool down. He sits and she squirts water into his mouth.
text: The bell for Round 3 sounds. He starts towards Flores, with
text: more bounce in his stance. Flores takes a swing at his head,
text: and Adonis evades. Flores swings again, and again, even
text: harder, and Adonis ducks both and then crushes a left
text: uppercut into Flores' chin, followed by a flurry of
text: alternating punches that send Flores crashing to the matt-—
dialog: unconscious.
text: The ref flies in waving, and Adonis spits his mouthpiece out
text: and heads to the corner.
speaker_heading: REF
dialog: (in Spanish)
dialog: 6-7-8-9-10
text: Adonis looks on and starts biting at his glove to take it
text: off. The ref walks over and pulls $500 out of his pocket,
text: hands it to Adonis right there.
scene_heading: EXT. US MEXICO BORDER- DAY 4
text: Several cars line up at the inspection booths. Adonis, drives
text: in a primer colored 1967 Mustang, holding a T- shirt to his
text: eye. He hands his passport to the BORDER PATROL AGENT, who
text: looks at him, shakes his head, and signals him through.
scene_heading: INT. ER WAITING ROOM- LOS ANGELES COUNTY HOSPITAL- EVENING 5
text: Adonis sits in a crowded ER waiting room.
speaker_heading: NURSE (0.S.)
dialog: Donnie Johnson?
scene_heading: EXT. BALDWIN HILLS STREET— NIGHT 6
text: Adonis’ Mustang pulls into a hillside driveway. He punches a
text: code into a keypad, and a large iron gate opens. As he drives
text: up the cobblestone driveway we pull back to reveal a
text: breathtaking mansion, we notice the fresh bandage over his
dialog: eye.
scene_heading: INT. CREED MANSION- KITCHEN- CONTINUOUS 7
text: A hand wearing a massive wedding ring scoops beef stew into a
text: bowl. We pull up to reveal MARY-ANNE CREED (70s), dressed
text: modestly, but a regalness about her.
text: She slides the bowl in front of Adonis, who sits at the
text: kitchen island, and pours herself a glass of vodka. She puts
text: her hand to his cut.
speaker_heading: MARY ANNE
dialog: Do you have to come here after your
dialog: fights? It’s like you want to rub
dialog: my nose in it.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: It’s tradition.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Don’t you want to know if I won?
speaker_heading: MARY ANNE
dialog: It doesn’t matter. Even when you
dialog: win, you’re losing.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
speaker_heading: MARY ANNE (CONT'D)
dialog: You given any more thought to going
dialog: back to school?
text: Adonis doesn’t say anything.
speaker_heading: MARY ANNE (CONT'D)
dialog: What about the internship?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Maybe... if it works with whatever
dialog: schedule Duke puts me on.
speaker_heading: MARY ANNE
dialog: Have you even talked to him?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Tomorrow... what you got on TV?
speaker_heading: MARY ANNE
dialog: Watching our boy.
scene_heading: INT. CREED MANSION- LIVING ROOM- HOURS LATER 8
text: ON SCREEN- Walter White, in a desert standoff with members of
text: a rival cartel, when... it cuts to credits.
text: Mary Anne and Adonis sit next to each other on the couch.
text: Adonis’ shoes off, his white socks dangling like a toddler.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: You got another one in you?
speaker_heading: MARY ANNE
dialog: Naw, grandma’s gotta head off to
dialog: bed... you gonna stay the night?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Naw, I’m gonna get to the house...
dialog: Beat.
speaker_heading: MARY ANNE
dialog: How's your mom?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: She cool, I guess.
speaker_heading: MARY ANNE
dialog: Good... that’s good.
text: Adonis stands up, and gives her a big hug.
dialog: 10
dialog: 11
speaker_heading: MARY ANNE (CONT’D)
dialog: See you tomorrow?
text: He nods.
scene_heading: EXT. CLABSADDLE HOUSE- DRIVEWAY- LATER THAT NIGHT 9
text: Adonis’ Mustang parks next to a Subaru SUV in front of the
text: two car garage of a small house in Silverlake.
scene_heading: INT. CLABSADDLE HOUSE- ADONIS’ BEDROOM- NIGHT- ONE HOUR LATER
text: Adonis sits in his room (a converted two car garage). He puts
text: his winnings into a large duffle bag, slides it under his
text: futon, plops down on it, and turns on HBO ON DEMAND. He hits
text: play on a Boxing Documentary. ON THE SCREEN WE SEE-
scene_heading: INT. PORTER’S CAR- DAY- TOXTETH, LIVERPOOL, UNITED KINGDOM 11
text: The camera shoots “PRETTY” RICKY PORTER (White, mid 30's,
dialog: Scouse accent)- the unanimous #1 pound for pound fighter in
text: the world- as he walks around his old neighborhood with his
dialog: sons JUNIOR (8), and G (6, and small for his age) surrounded
text: by a nefarious entourage.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: See I’m from Toxteth. Nothin wrong
dialog: with it, it made me.
text: At the mention of Toxteth, some members of his entourage mock
text: firing pistols at the camera. Porter, and his crew walk up to
text: a boxing gym, nestled in the corner of a decaying
dialog: neighborhood.
speaker_heading: PORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: (motions to Junior)
dialog: I was a lot smaller than him, a
dialog: cheeky little bastard I was. I used
dialog: to get me ass kicked coming home
dialog: from school every day.
text: A wiry, bespectacled man sticks his head out of the doorway
text: and looks into the camera with disdain- this is GILES HOLIDAY
text: (55, White) despite his slight build, he demands respect.
speaker_heading: HOLIDAY
dialog: You gonna train or be a movie star?
text: Porter turns to Holiday and smiles.
dialog: 12
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Come down here, mate.
text: Holiday reluctantly obliges. He pats G on the head.
speaker_heading: PORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: He found me, after some Evertonians
dialog: bashed me head in.
dialog: (motions to Holiday)
dialog: So he brought me in ere. Taught me
dialog: how to fight... Stopped pickin’ on
dialog: me after that didn’t they?
text: INSIDE THE GYM we cut to Porter- working drills with Holiday.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR (V.O.)
dialog: Porter is expected to be sentenced
dialog: within the year on a handgun charge
dialog: that could land him behind bars for
dialog: up to 7 years.
text: We see Porter being interviewed in a close- up.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: I feel like I could fight another
dialog: 20 years. But numbers catch up to
dialog: everybody, so I’m treating this
dialog: like its me last...
text: Junior- wearing his Dad’s gold chain around his neck (it’s
text: huge on him) standing outside of the ring, mimicking his
text: dad's moves. G watches him closely.
speaker_heading: NARRATOR
text: His opponent, Danny Wheeler, is
dialog: arguably his most formidable
dialog: challenge, yet.
text: IN A HIGHLIGHT REEL we see shots of DANNY “STUNTMAN” WHEELER
text: (Late 20s, Black) taking out several opponents in the ring.
text: There is a cut to TONY “DUKE” BURTON standing next to him as
text: he holds up a belt post- fight.
text: Adonis looks on at the screen, anger flashing over his face.
text: He turns it off, picks up his dumbbells, and starts lifting.
scene_heading: INT. ADONIS BEDROOM - DAY 12
text: Adonis sleeps under a blanket. The bedroom door creaks open,
text: and small set of eyes peek through. KAYLA CLABSADDLE (8,
text: Biracial, curly hair, DEAF) walks into the room. She walks
text: over to Adonis and gently pushes his shoulders. He opens his
text: eyes. (They talk in American Sign Language w/ subtitles.)
dialog: 13
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Wake up. Breakfast is ready.
text: He rolls back over and puts the pillow over his face. Kayla
text: jumps on top of him, landing right on his sore ribs.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Ahh, shit!
text: He pushes her, sending her to the carpet, laughing.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: You’re too heavy for that.
text: As she stands Adonis sits up, and she catches sight of his
dialog: bandage.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: You were fighting again!
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Don’t tell mom.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: What’s in it for me?
text: Adonis stares her down for a beat, then motions to his wallet
text: on the coffee table. Kayla grabs it, and brings it back to
text: him. He pulls out a $5 bill and gives it to her. She puts it
text: in her pocket.
speaker_heading: KAYLA (CONT'D)
dialog: Mom made you breakfast, what are
dialog: you gonna do?
text: Adonis looks at his phone, and sees that he overslept.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I’m running late. Go make me a
dialog: shake, and bring it to me.
text: Kayla nods and takes off.
scene_heading: INT. CLABSADDLE KITCHEN - DAY 13
text: Sunlight streams into a modest kitchen. LISA CLABSADDLE
text: (Black, a young looking 40) scrambles eggs next to DARYL
text: CLABSADDLE (White, 40's) who pours coffee. Lisa watches
text: intently as Kayla scoops powder from Adonis’ muscle milk jug,
text: pours it into shake thermos and then adds water.
text: She closes it up and starts shaking it. Lisa looks at Daryl,
text: who is watching as well, and walks away shaking his head.
dialog: 14
text: Lisa taps Kayla. Who turns to her, innocently, shaking away
text: at the shake.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Is your brother awake?
text: Kayla guiltily looks back, still shaking the milkshake. She
dialog: shrugs “I don’t know”.
speaker_heading: LISA (CONT'D)
dialog: Is he still in his room?
text: Kayla shrugs again. Lisa gives her the mother’s stare of
dialog: death.
scene_heading: INT. ADONIS’ BEDROOM 14
text: Adonis, pulls a hoodie over his head and preps his bag.
speaker_heading: LISA (0.S.)
dialog: How could anybody drink this first
dialog: thing in the morning? It’s
dialog: disgusting.
text: Adonis turns around to see Lisa standing in the doorway,
text: holding his thermos. Kayla standing next to her guiltily.
text: Lisa walks down the steps into the room and hands Adonis the
text: thermos. He takes it, trying to hide his face, but he’s too
dialog: late.
speaker_heading: LISA (CONT'D)
dialog: Jesus, what happened to your eye?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Stiches.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: I’m talking about before the
dialog: stitches smart ass.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I got into a fight at a bar.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You're 23 years old. At some point
dialog: you gotta stop solving problems
dialog: with your fists. You need to get a
dialog: job. Working out at the gym
dialog: everyday doesn’t count.
text: Having heard enough, he heads for the door.
dialog: 15
dialog: 16
speaker_heading: LISA (CONT'D)
dialog: Wait.
text: Adonis stops. Turns around.
speaker_heading: LISA (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m sorry, just come and eat some
dialog: real food. I cooked your favorite.
dialog: Sit down, and have some family
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Family time?
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Yeah...
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You know I saw your mom last night.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Oh yeah? How’d that go?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: You mean, “How is she?”
dialog: (beat)
dialog: She’s alone...
text: This lands on Lisa, hard. Adonis walks over to her, gives her
text: a kiss on the cheek, and heads out.
scene_heading: EXT. DUKE’S BOXING GYM PARKING LOT- SOUTH LOS ANGELES- DAY-15
speaker_heading: CONTINUOUS
text: Adonis’ car turns into a gravel parking lot, in a dilapidated
text: neighborhood. He parks, hops out with his duffle bag. We
text: track up to reveal the sign. “DUKE’S BOXING GYM: WORLD
dialog: CLASS.”
scene_heading: INT. DUKE’S BOXING GYM- DAY- CONTINUOUS 16
text: Adonis changes into his boxing shoes and heads towards a
text: large ring where SEVERAL BOXERS are paired up, working
text: drills. Sitting outside the ring is DUKE (70s, black). Adonis
text: walks over to him.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I’m ready to train. Let me know
dialog: what warm-ups you want me starting
dialog: with.
dialog: 17
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: What are you talking about?
text: Adonis tosses the open duffle bag on the edge of the ring,
text: right in front of Duke.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: That's my training fees for a year
text: up front.
text: Duke peers into the bag for a beat, sighs, then hands it
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Go home, son.
text: Duke goes to turn back, and Adonis grabs his shoulder.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I’m not leaving this gym today
dialog: until you agree to train me.
text: Duke looks into Adonis’ eyes closely. And turns back to the
text: ring, verbally coaching up the athletes inside. Adonis pushes
text: past Duke and jumps into the ring.
scene_heading: INT. RING- DUKE’S BOXING GYM- CONTINUOUS 17
text: The boxers stop sparring, and they look at Adonis, who turns
text: to the corner and shakes the contents of his gym bag out-
text: gloves, a mouthpiece, and $10,000 cash.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I got 10 stacks right here. Cash!
dialog: Ready for whoever wants to come get
dialog: it.
text: Adonis puts on his gloves and turns around to the fighters in
text: the ring. They look at him, but none are up for the
dialog: challenge.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Adonis!
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Easy money, right?
text: Outside the ring, fighters have stopped their workouts and
text: inch closer to the brewing spectacle. A fighter, tall and
text: lean, about Adonis’ age starts to approach the ring, this is
text: KEV. Adonis locks eyes with him.
dialog: 10.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Kev, you gonna be first up?
speaker_heading: KEV
dialog: Look at your eye, cuz. Looks like
dialog: somebody beat me to it.
text: The room guffaws... Adonis doesn’t.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: So it should be easy for you
dialog: right?? I'’11 put my money where my
dialog: mouth is.
text: Adonis bends down and clumsily grabs a rubber banded stack of
text: money. He places it in his mouth, biting down on it like a
text: mouthpiece.
text: Kev shakes his head at this, bites down on his mouthpiece,
text: and slides into the ring. The two fighters circle each other:
text: Kev’s stance high and tight- Adonis’ low, flamboyant, and
text: taunting.
text: Kev swings a right jab, but Adonis easily evades it. Kev
text: swings again, Adonis leans back drops his guard, and starts
text: to rock side to side. Frustrated, Kev takes two more swings,
text: and Adonis parries one, ducks the other and comes hard with a
text: right cross to Kev’s chin. Kev’s jaw rattles and he hits the
text: floor in a heap, face down, unconscious.
text: Adonis spits the money out and it lands on Kev’s back.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: C'mon! Who next, huh? Which one of
dialog: ya'll want it with the rich kid.
dialog: You pick em Duke! You pick which
dialog: one!
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: I’m next.
text: Adonis turns to see DANNY WHEELER (who we recognize from HBO)
text: standing in the crowd outside the ring. A hush falls over the
text: gym as Wheeler stares Adonis down with silent confidence.
text: Danny steps into the ring, and straps up his gloves, while
text: Adonis bends down and puts his mouthpiece in. Adonis reaches
text: out to touch gloves with Wheeler, who knocks them away and
text: moves in quick.
dialog: 11.
text: Adonis backs up, sends a couple of left jabs. Wheeler ducks
text: one, parries the other, and sends a quick flurry back at
text: Adonis. Adonis dodges them but is forced into the ropes in
dialog: retreat.
speaker_heading: WHEELER
dialog: Stop runnin, boy...
text: Adonis reloads, and starts back at Wheeler. He creeps in
text: cautiously, sends two jabs at Wheeler, the first (head)
text: misses, the second (Body) connects. He follows with hook, and
text: Wheeler ducks, and comes up with an uppercut, followed by a
text: straight shot to Adonis’ forehead. Adonis goes crashing to
text: the matt- ass first. The gym ROARS.
text: He shakes it off and bounces up to his feet.
speaker_heading: WHEELER (CONT'D)
dialog: Stay down...
text: He stands back up, gets into his stance, and moves in on
text: Wheeler who cages up, and leans on the ropes, blocking Adonis
text: shots with his arms.
speaker_heading: WHEELER (CONT'D)
dialog: You ready, rich boy?
text: Wheeler strikes back with two quick jabs to Adonis’ face,
text: sidesteps Adonis’ counter and lands a left hook to the gut
text: that doubles him over. Then WHAM! He slams a right hook into
text: Adonis’ face, reopening his wound.
text: Adonis drops to one knee, trying to find his bearings.
speaker_heading: WHEELER (CONT'D)
dialog: Stay down!
text: Adonis stands up, trying to shake the hit off, and bangs his
text: gloves together. He puts his hands up to fight again. He goes
text: at Wheele, swinging wildly. Wheeler ducks the shots, then
text: slams a left uppercut into his body, then sends a right
text: cross, knocking his mouthpiece out.
speaker_heading: WHEELER (CONT'D)
dialog: Go down!
text: Adonis, nearly out on his feet, puts his hands up to keep
text: fighting. He takes another swing. Wheeler evades easily and
text: bangs another punch into Adonis’ jaw. He stumbles back, and
text: chokes on something, then spits out a bloody molar.
speaker_heading: WHEELER (CONT'D)
dialog: Go down.
dialog: 18
dialog: 12.
text: He puts his hands back up, and moves in Wheeler, barely on
text: balance. He swings hard, but Wheeler slips him, and connects
text: with a stiff left to his face, sending him crashing to the
dialog: mat.
speaker_heading: HARD CUT TO
speaker_heading: BLACK
scene_heading: FADE IN- ADONIS’ POV WHILE LAYING ON HIS BACK IN THE RING-—
speaker_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS
dialog: - Wheeler picking up Adonis’ cash.
text: - Other fighters giving Wheeler pats on his back.
text: - Duke standing over Adonis- looking at him with concern.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Get the medic...
scene_heading: INT. DUKE’S OFFICE 18
text: The MEDIC (Black, 60’s) has just finished stitching up
text: Adonis’ eye and heads out of the room. Duke walks in and sits
text: down across from Adonis.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Why won’t you help me, man.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: Besides you disrespecting me in my
dialog: own gym?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I gotta get your attention somehow.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: You got it, and you’ve got my
dialog: answer.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Then I’1l go to somebody else.
speaker_heading: DUKE
dialog: It’s not gonna matter. I promised
dialog: your grandmother that I’d do
dialog: everything in my power to keep you
dialog: from boxing. And that’s what I’m
dialog: gonna do.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now you want to go out to Mexico
dialog: and get yourself killed in one of
dialog: those bar fights, I can’t control
dialog: that. But around here, my word is
dialog: law.
dialog: 19
dialog: 13.
text: Adonis looks at Duke.
speaker_heading: DUKE (CONT’D)
dialog: All that aside, kid. You’re not
dialog: even that good.
scene_heading: INT. CREED MANSION LIVING ROOM- DAY 19
text: Mary Anne sits on the couch, sipping from a glass, and
text: smiling at the television.
text: ON THE SCREEN- a home video of the Creed family, circa 1980.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (0.S.)
dialog: Grandma!
text: Adonis storms into the living room, and turns off the TV.
text: Mary Anne gives him a look that could kill as he sits down
text: next to her.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I need you to call Duke.
speaker_heading: MARY ANNE
dialog: I just got off the phone with him.
dialog: He told me Wheeler tore you a new
dialog: one.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I need you to call him and tell him
dialog: to train me.
speaker_heading: MARY ANNE
dialog: Must be your concussion talking.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: You going behind my back telling
dialog: people not to touch me? That stops
dialog: today.
speaker_heading: MARY ANNE
text: A woman protects her family. Even
dialog: from themselves.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I’m a grown man. This is what I
dialog: want to do with my life.
speaker_heading: MARY ANNE
dialog: You don’t know what you want. Look
dialog: at your face.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 20
dialog: 21
dialog: 22
dialog: 14.
speaker_heading: MARY ANNE (CONT'D)
dialog: I can’t tell you how many times I
dialog: had to sit up feeding Appolo
dialog: because his eyelids were swollen
dialog: shut. Or wiping his ass because he
text: couldn’t move his arms. Apollo gave
dialog: his life, so you wouldn’t have to
dialog: do this.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Oh, so that’s why he took that last
dialog: fight?
text: Mary Anne cuts Adonis a cold look.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: He didn’t need the money. Why'd he
dialog: do it? Maybe he was sick of being
dialog: cooped up in this house with your
dialog: controlling ass-
text: WHAP! Mary Anne slaps the taste out of his mouth. Adonis
text: turns his head back to her for a beat, then storms out.
scene_heading: INT. CREED MANSION / TROPHY ROOM - DAY 20
text: Adonis is surrounded by the success of his grandfather Apollo
text: Creed. His eyes track the framed items on the walls: Apollo’s
dialog: American Flag Shorts, championship belts, humanitarian
text: awards, and pictures shaking hands with Presidents. His eyes
text: fall on a newspaper article with a picture of Apollo and
text: Rocky Balboa the clipping reads, “CREED TRAINS FORMER RIVAL”.
text: He goes over to a cabinet underneath the newspaper clippings,
text: and digs through a box. He takes an unseen object and storms
dialog: out.
scene_heading: INT. CLABSADDLE HOUSE / ADONIS ROOM - NIGHT 21
text: Adonis looks at the Wikipedia page for Rocky Balboa on his
text: iPAD. He taps the link to Adrian’s, website “CONTACT”. The
dialog: address is in Philadelphia.
scene_heading: INT. USED BOOKSTORE- PHILADELPHIA 22
text: Massive hands pick up a worn, paperback romance novel off the
text: display rack. The hands belong to ROCKY BALBOA (60's, Italian-
text: American). He looks at the cover, through his glasses, and
text: mouths along to the title.
text: He slaps the book down on the checkout counter.
dialog: 23
dialog: 24
dialog: 25
dialog: 26
dialog: 15.
speaker_heading: STORE OWNER (0.S.)
dialog: That’1l be all champ?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Yup. Till next time.
dialog: (touches his stomach)
dialog: You think I could use your
dialog: bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. BOOKSTORE BATHROOM 23
text: On Rocky, leaning up against the walls of the stall, vomiting
text: into the toilet. He stands up, wipes his mouth.
scene_heading: EXT. USED BOOKSTORE- PHILADELPHIA 24
text: Rocky exits the store, book in tow headed towards his
text: industrial, white van parked on the sidewalk. He crosses the
text: street towards a corner-store
scene_heading: INT. LIQUOR STORE- PHILADELHIA 25
text: Rocky walks up to the CLERK (40’s Palestinian), eyeing the
text: liquor on display behind him.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: How ya doin. Let me get a little
dialog: bottle of Four Roses.
text: The clerk grabs a pint of the cheap stuff, puts it in a paper
text: bag, and sits it on the counter in front of Rocky.
speaker_heading: CLERK
dialog: Gonna have to see some ID, champ.
text: Rocky smiles as he counts out $15 and hands it over. The
text: clerk tries to give him change back, but Rocky declines it.
scene_heading: EXT. CEMETERY- ADRIAN’S PLOT-— DUSK 26
text: The bouquet sits next to ADRIAN BALBOA’s headstone. Rocky
text: sits in a chair across from it, glasses on, reading the book
text: outloud. He comes to the end of the chapter, dog ears the
text: page and closes the book. He stands up, hides his folding
text: chair in the a tree, and starts off.
text: He stops at another headstone, and pulls the bottle of Four
text: Roses out of the bag, and sits it down, unopened on the
text: tombstone. We see it reads “PAULIE PENNINO” 1940-2012. Rocky
text: heads off towards his car.
dialog: 27
dialog: 28
dialog: 16.
scene_heading: INT. CALIFORNIA MEN’S COLONY- SAN LOUIS OBISPO 27
text: We find Adonis, waiting in a line of visitors going through
text: processing. Guards look on, past the metal detectors, as
text: Adonis places his personal items in the X-Ray machine trays.
scene_heading: INT. VISITING ROOM- CMC SLO 28
text: Adonis sits down in a row of plastic chairs on the visitors
text: side of the glass panel. Several visits are going on on
text: either side of him, with INMATES, speaking with visitors
text: through black phones.
text: A BUZZ is heard, and TERREL JOHNSON (40’s) a man of slight
text: build but intense eyes, emerges from the prison door and sits
text: down across from Adonis. They stare at each other through the
text: thick glass. He picks up the phone. Adonis picks up his.
speaker_heading: TERREL
dialog: Look at you. All that hair on your
dialog: face. What are you now, 22?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: 23.
text: Terrel takes this in.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I'm leaving tomorrow. Going to the
dialog: East Coast. Not planning on coming
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: TERREL
dialog: That's good. Wish I had some cool
dialog: advice to give you... but you done
dialog: outgrew mine.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I didn’t come for advice. Just
dialog: wanted to tell you face to face.
text: Terrel nods.
speaker_heading: TERREL
dialog: Did you win?
text: Adonis nods. Terrel smiles.
speaker_heading: TERREL (CONT'D)
dialog: I'll look for you, in the papers,
text: and on ESPN.
dialog: 29
dialog: 29
dialog: 17.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I aint even got nothin’ set up out
dialog: there. Don’t know if I ever will...
speaker_heading: TERREL
dialog: Hey. It aint like I don’t got time.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Alright man.
speaker_heading: TERREL
dialog: Aight.
text: They hang up their phones, and stand up on opposite sides of
text: the glass. Adonis watches as Terrel heads back to the
dialog: hallway.
scene_heading: EXT. CLABSADDLE FRONT LAWN - DAY 29
text: Adonis, stands next to his car and several bags of luggage 29
text: holding an envelope full of cash. He’s staring at a
text: CRAIGSLIST CUSTOMER (40’s, Hispanic), who sits in the
text: driver's seat. He fires up the engine, tosses a peace sign up
text: to Adonis, and drives off into the distance.
text: Kayla runs out of the house towards him and grabs his leg.
text: Adonis grabs her back and squeezes her tight. He bends down
dialog: to her.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Are you ever coming back?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I’m not sure.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: How will we talk?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: We’ll use the computer.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: Are you gonna fight?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: KAYLA
dialog: You better win.
text: Adonis forces a smile as the cab pulls up. Kayla heads back
text: towards the house, and he gets in.
dialog: 30
dialog: 31
dialog: 32
dialog: 33
dialog: 18.
scene_heading: EXT. PHILADELPHIA SKYLINE- SUNRISE- SIX HOURS LATER 30
text: A commercial plane moves along the horizon, with downtown
text: Philadelphia's skyscrapers looming in the foreground.
scene_heading: EXT. ADONIS’ PHILADELPHIA APARTMENT BUILDING 31
text: A yellow cab lets Adonis out at the corner. He looks up at a
text: sparce brick apartment complex.
scene_heading: INT. ADONIS’ APARTMENT HALLWAY 32
text: Adonis stands next to his LANDLORD (Filipina, 50s) who finds
text: the keys to his unit.
speaker_heading: LANDLADY
dialog: A lot of young people here,
dialog: students, artists. Not too many
dialog: families. You’1l like it.
text: Adonis looks down the hallway as a WHITE GUY gets onto the
text: elevator. At the last second a WOMAN (Black, 20’s long
text: dreadlocks, stunning) carrying a subwoofer catches the
text: elevator doors. She gets on, not noticing Adonis staring her
text: down as the elevators close. He turns his attention back to
text: the Landlady, as she opens his door.
dialog: Series of shots
text: -Adonis has just finished moving into a studio apartment-.
text: It’s modest. Adonis grabs his phone, and exits.
text: -Adonis stands at the top of the Art Museum steps, looking up
text: at the Rocky statue, the sun setting behind it.
scene_heading: INT. ADRIAN'S RESTAURANT 33
text: Rocky places large boxes onto a rack. FRIEDA, the hostess,
text: enters the narrow staircase and near the bottom sees Rocky at
text: the stove in discussion with the HISPANIC CHEF, and TWO
scene_heading: KITCHEN WORKERS.
speaker_heading: FRIEDA
dialog: Rocky?
text: Rocky turns towards the staircase.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Yeah?
dialog: 34
dialog: 19.
speaker_heading: FRIEDA
dialog: There’s some guy who wants to talk
dialog: with ya.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Kinda late...
speaker_heading: FRIEDA
dialog: Want me to tell him you already
dialog: left?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: I got it.
scene_heading: INT. ADRIAN’S RESTAURANT 34
text: Upstairs Adonis stares at the many pictures depicting Rocky’s
text: career. On the wall are his title belts too.
text: His eyes settle on a large dynamic painting of Rocky and
text: Apollo, about to exchange blows.
text: Because of the hour, there are only four remaining diners as
text: usual, opera music is faintly heard.
text: Adonis hears heavy footsteps coming up the basement stairs.
text: His eyes travel from the vibrant painting to Rocky appearing
text: at the top of the stairs. Rocky removes his glasses as he
dialog: approaches.
text: Adonis is slightly taken aback by the “present” Rocky, and
text: the colorful youthful image seen on the painting.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: How ya doin’?
dialog: (off Adonis’ non- answer)
dialog: I hear you wanna talk to me?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: (glancing at the painting)
dialog: Painting’s cool... who landed
dialog: first?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: That’s a secret...
text: Rocky notices the stitches.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: You a fighter, huh?
dialog: (off Adonis’ nod)
dialog: That from a punch or a butt.
dialog: 20.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Butt.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Terrible feeling, you know? Like ya
dialog: been kissed by a rock...
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I seen a lot of your old fights.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Don’t ya got nothin better to do?
dialog: What’s ya name?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Adonis. Everybody calls me Donnie
dialog: though.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Different-
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I didn’t pick it. It’s Greco-
dialog: Roman. My grandfather had a name
dialog: like that.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: That’s nice-
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I never met him. But you did.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Oh yeah?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: They say you never really know
dialog: somebody till you fight them, so
dialog: you probably knew him better than
dialog: anybody.
text: Rocky does the math, while Adonis looks back towards the
dialog: painting.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Where you say you were from, kid?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Los Angeles.
text: Rocky stares.
dialog: 35
dialog: 21.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Apollo? Apollo’s your GRANDfather?!
dialog: Wait, he had two little girls and..
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Lisa.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Little Lisa? You’re Lisa’s kid? Has
dialog: it been that long...
text: Rocky smiles and covers his hand with his mouth. He can’t
text: believe it. Then it hits him.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing fighting?
text: Adonis looks around for a beat.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: You think we could sit down
dialog: somewhere and talk?
scene_heading: ADRIAN'S RESTAURANT- LATER 35
text: Everyone is gone, only the back lights are on. Rocky and
text: Adonis sit at a table. Rocky drinks wine, Adonis water.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Apollo was something that was like
dialog: invented. Had all the good stuff,
dialog: heart, brains, power, forget it.
dialog: Hit so hard, you felt like you were
dialog: on a rocket to planet pain. And he
dialog: had this mental thing... called it
dialog: “The Eye of The Tiger”
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Eye of the Tiger? Sounds corny.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Corny? It saved my life. The
dialog: hunger, the drive. He could make
dialog: things happen out of nothing. He’d
dialog: be loosing, then BAM, one shot, one
dialog: special move, now he’s won- it was
dialog: magic.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Then how’d you beat him?
dialog: He’s ata
dialog: 22.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: It was just my time. He had won
dialog: fifty fights. Nobody stays strong
dialog: forever.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So why’d you come here?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I want you to train me.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Train ya? I’m no trainer.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Be my teacher, then. Why should I
dialog: have to go to some other lame, when
dialog: we could keep it in the family.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Family? Well...
dialog: loss for words.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: You gotta miss it...
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Miss it? No. I got it all outta my
dialog: system, and I don’t look back.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Why’d you do it in the first place?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: I had nothin. Less than nothin.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: And it gave you something, right?
dialog: And I’m not talking about the
dialog: money.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Yeah it gave me something. But it
dialog: made me loose a lot of things too.
dialog: That's the thing about boxing, it
dialog: takes more than it gives, you know?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Can say that about life.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Look, it’s something inside of me,
dialog: telling me I gotta do this. But I’m
dialog: missing something that can take me
text: to the next level.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 23.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I think that’s you. You can show me
dialog: how to do it right.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Y’know- Apollo died in my hands.
dialog: I watched my friend die, knowing I
dialog: shoulda stopped it. That was what
dialog: it was; now you’re here. I don’t
dialog: want it. He wouldn’t either.
text: Adonis takes this in. Digs into his bag and pulls out a VHS
text: tape. He sits it down in front of Rocky.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Brought you this, check it out, if
dialog: you still got something that can
dialog: play it.
text: Adonis stands up.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I’1ll be at your old gym tomorrow.
dialog: Check me out if you feel up to it.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Sold that place, haven’t been there
dialog: in years.
text: He starts towards the door, and on his way out he stops by
text: the painting again.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: So who landed first?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: He did.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Figures...
text: Adonis exits as Rocky stares after the departing young man,
text: trying to make sense of it all.
scene_heading: 36 INT. ADONIS’ APARTMENT- NIGHT 36
text: Adonis lays on his back in his bed struggling to sleep as
text: LOUD music can be heard in the room above his head.
text: He pulls the pillow from over his ear, and looks up at the
dialog: ceiling.
dialog: 37
dialog: 24.
scene_heading: INT. APARTMENT BUILDING HALLWAY 37
text: Adonis, now wearing a T shirt and shorts, knocks on the door
text: that the music is coming from. After a beat, the music stops.
text: The door opens, but is stopped by the security chain, and
text: BIANCA (20's, Black, dreadlocks) peeks her head out and looks
text: at Adonis with a confused look. Adonis looks back caught off
text: guard. It’s not who he expected to be there.
text: She looks at him, eyebrows raised. Adonis snaps out of it.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Hey.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I just moved in downstairs.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Yeah?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I can hear your music through the
dialog: ceiling.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Oh! You must be right under me.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: That unit’s been empty for a
dialog: while... Got used to it.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Yeah, I gotta workout early in the
dialog: morning... so.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Gotchu. You gotta wake up early
dialog: and do ya jawns.
dialog: (mimes doing pushups)
dialog: Keep your body tight... I’11 turn
dialog: the bass waay down you won’t hear a
dialog: peep.
text: Bianca closes the door, almost in Adonis’ face.
dialog: 38
dialog: 39
dialog: 40
dialog: 4l
dialog: 25.
scene_heading: INT. ADONIS’ APARTMENT— MOMENTS LATER 38
text: Adonis lays down on his back looking up at the ceiling. The
text: music still plays, but so quietly that he has to strain to
dialog: hear it.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKY’S HOUSE- MORNING 39
text: On the same street Rocky’s row house blends in with all the
text: others. The door leading to the tiny back yard open, and
text: Rocky exits. Dressed in modest, out of style clothing, and an
text: old sweatshirt, he sits down on the top step and looks at the
text: incredibly old, cracked heavy bag that still hangs from its
text: rusted chain. He sips coffee from a mug and thinks.
scene_heading: INT. MICKEY’S GYM- DAY 40
text: Several FIGHTERS warm up inside. Adonis walks past a small
text: SIX YEAR OLD fighter sitting at the edge of the ring, putting
text: on his hand wraps.
text: Adonis turns to the larger ring, where LEO “THE ASSASSIN”
text: SPORINO JR. (20's Italian American) works drills with his
text: father “PISTOL” PETE SPORINO (40s Italian) who still looks
text: like he may have a couple of fights left in him. Above the
text: ring a large banner reads “2012 Golden Gloves Champion Leo
text: “THE ASSASSIN” Sporino Jr. . Leo’s entourage looks on.
scene_heading: INT. MICKEY’S GYM- MOMENTS LATER 4l
text: Adonis and Sporino talk ringside, between rounds.
speaker_heading: SPORINO
dialog: The membership is $50 dollars a
dialog: month. You get unlimited access to
dialog: the gym, and all the equipment. You
dialog: with a trainer?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Not yet.
speaker_heading: SPORINO
dialog: You amateur?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Pro.
speaker_heading: SPORINO
dialog: Oh yeah? Where you from?
dialog: 42
dialog: 43
dialog: 26.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: LA.
speaker_heading: SPORINO
dialog: Hollywood!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Which gym? I know all those guys.
text: This stops Adonis in his tracks.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: More self taught than anything.
speaker_heading: SPORINO
dialog: Self taught... pro...
dialog: (long beat)
dialog: Well most members just work
dialog: themselves out. For an extra $20 a
dialog: month. I can give you drills, and
dialog: check in with you when I can. You
dialog: want to do that?
text: Adonis nods.
text: MOMENTS LATER- We find Adonis in the corner, doing step and
text: punch on air, next to the six year old fighter, and a couple
text: of other young BOXERS. He looks over at Leo working drills,
text: envious.
scene_heading: EXT. PHILADELPHIA STREET- NIGHT 42
text: Adonis walks down the sidewalk, looking around, questioning
dialog: if he made the right move coming out to Philly.
text: As he approaches a building, he sees a line of hipsters,
text: mostly black standing outside. Hip- Hop music plays from
text: inside. He keeps walking: not his type of crowd, but as he
text: passes the window, he sees that stops him in his tracks. He
text: looks back at the line, and heads towards it. The camera
text: tracks over to reveal a large flyer with a photo of Bianca on
dialog: it.
scene_heading: INT. PENN CAFE- MOMENTS LATER 43
text: Adonis, holding a beer, stands in the back of the crowd
text: watching Bianca finish up her set.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: This last song, is for anyone who
dialog: has ever had their heart broken.
dialog: 44
dialog: 27.
text: The HOUSE BAND starts, and Bianca closes her eyes, moving to
text: the beat. She sings, with a beautiful edge to her voice.
text: Adonis watches her closely, she opens them and they seem to
dialog: catch eyes.
scene_heading: INT. PENN CAFE- MOMENTS LATER 44
text: Adonis watching the musicians packing up. We see his POV:
text: Bianca giving the guitarist a hug. She walks over to the bar,
text: and the BARTENDER hands over her purse from behind the
dialog: counter.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Wussup, neighbor.
text: Bianca looks up and sees Adonis, recognizing him immediately.
text: She turns back to her purse. Putting the pack of cigarettes
text: back inside.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Workout boy. I thought that was
dialog: you.
text: Adonis smiles this off.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Nice show.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: (disinterested)
dialog: Thanks.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Yeah... Can I buy you a drink?
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Wussup, you don’t drink?
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: I drink. I’m just not drinking with
dialog: you.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Cause I know your type.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: My type?
dialog: 28.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: The type who hits the gym in the
text: morning and picks up broads in bars
dialog: at night.
text: She's got him, he tries to regroup.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I’m not trying to pick you up, I’m
dialog: extending an olive branch... Last
dialog: night, I didn’t know you were...
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Working?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Yeah.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: And I don’t just go to the gym for
dialog: the hell of it... I’m a boxer.
text: Bianca looks at him for a quick beat.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: A boxer, like pro?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: I thought boxers weren’t supposed
dialog: to drink.
text: Adonis looks down at his cup.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I’m off the clock.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Oh...
dialog: (checks the time on her
dialog: phone)
dialog: Well I’m not... see you around.
text: She heads off.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Wait...
text: She's already too far to hear him. Adonis looks down at his
text: drink, then around the club.
dialog: 45
dialog: 46
dialog: 47
dialog: 48
dialog: 49
dialog: 29.
scene_heading: INT. ADONIS’ APARTMENT— NIGHT 45
text: Adonis sits on his back, video chatting with Kayla on his
text: iPAD. He says goodnight to her and hangs up. Just as Bianca’s
text: music starts up again. Adonis listens for a bit. Then gives
text: up on any chance of sleeping, and rolls out of bed and starts
dialog: doing pushups.
scene_heading: INT. BT CONVENTION CENTER / BACKSTAGE - DAY 46
text: It’s a PACKED HOUSE- a sellout crowd has gathered the around
text: the weigh- in stage. A banner reads: PORTER VS WHEELER:
text: FIGHT OF THE CENTURY. Wheeeler and Porter, wearing only black
text: briefs, approach each other for the stare down. Nose to nose,
text: the two mumble threats at each other, until Porter pushes his
text: forehead against Wheeler’s face. Wheeler gives him a hard
text: shove back and, WHAM! Porter cracks Wheeler across his face
text: with a right, crumpling him. A melee breaks out as both camps
text: descend on each other. FREEZE FRAME ON THE CHAOS
speaker_heading: ESPN ANCHOR (V.O.)
dialog: That was the scene earlier today at
dialog: the weigh in for the Porter-
dialog: Wheeler fight.
scene_heading: INT. MICKEY’S GYM- DAY 47
text: We pull back to reveal Adonis and a few other patrons
text: watching Sportscenter in between rounds.
speaker_heading: ESPN ANCHOR
dialog: Wheeler, who suffered a broken jaw
dialog: in the fight, and has already
dialog: announced plans to sue both Porter,
dialog: and the WBC.
text: Adonis goes back over to the heavy bag, and works drills away
text: from all of the action of Sporino, Leo, and their entourage.
scene_heading: INT. ADONIS’ APARTMENT- NIGHT 48
text: Adonis paces his apartment, bored. Bianca’s music can be
text: heard from upstairs. He walks over to his kitchen and looks
text: inside of the refrigerator- nothing but bachelor food. He
text: looks up at his ceiling.
scene_heading: INT. ADONIS’ APARTMENT HALLWAY- 49
text: Adonis knocks on Bianca’s door. This time she doesn’t stop
text: the music, and just opens the door and stares at him blankly.
dialog: 30.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I’ve been hearing you up here
dialog: working for a while.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I was wondering if, you wanted to
dialog: grab a bite?
text: Bianca looks at him suspiciously.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: You asking me out on a date? Or are
dialog: you extending another olive branch?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I'm asking you if you’re hungry.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I know how I am when I’m focused.
dialog: Sometimes I forget to eat... It’s
dialog: not a date...
text: Bianca stares at him. Then looks back into her room.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: I can’t do more than an hour. Where
dialog: did you want to go?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I was hoping you could tell me.
dialog: Maybe we go somewhere in your hood.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: My hood?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You sure you ready for that?
text: Adonis nods. Bianca smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. WEST PHILLY STREET CORNER- NIGHT 50
text: Adonis follows Bianca closely as they walk towards a
text: florescent soaked Chinese Food Restaurant on a gritty,
text: graffiti stained street corner.
text: Several young, tough looking, kids stand outside on the
text: street, staring Adonis down.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Where are we right now?
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: West Philly.
dialog: 31.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: So this is why the Fresh Prince's
dialog: mom sent him to Bel Air.
text: Bianca chuckles at this.
scene_heading: 51 INT. CHINESE FOOD RESTAURANT-— PHILLY 51
text: It’s a gritty restaurant. Graffiti stained windows, mostly
dialog: African- American patrons, Chinese American staff serves the
dialog: register.
text: We find Bianca and Adonis sitting down near a window, tearing
text: into their food with their chopsticks.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: I been coming to this jawn since I
dialog: was a kid. My parents own a store a
text: couple blocks over.
text: She scrapes pieces of general chicken onto his plate.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: What’s a jawn?
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Jawn... that’s Philly for anything.
dialog: (Pointing out each item of
dialog: food)
dialog: See these, is jawns. These is
dialog: jawns. That shirt you’re wearing,
dialog: that’s a jawn.
text: Adonis smiles at his cultural tour guide.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: You got a dude?
text: Bianca shakes her head.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Too much going on right now. Don't
dialog: have the time.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Booking a lot of shows?
text: Bianca nods.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Need about 5 a month just to pay
dialog: the rent. Also making a ton of
dialog: music.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 32.
speaker_heading: BIANCA (CONT'D)
dialog: Tryna finish this EP by next week.
dialog: Got a shot at opening for Rihanna
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Word, is that a big one?
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Huge, all the big acts from here
dialog: played there first. Jill, Legend,
dialog: the Roots...
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: That’s wussup!
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: It’s a long shot.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I got faith in you.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: How long have you been singing?
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Since I was young... how long have
dialog: you been boxing?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I've been boxing pro for like two
dialog: years.
text: Bianca looks at him.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: You don’t seem like a boxer to me.
dialog: You look like one, you know... but
dialog: ain’t most boxer’s like...
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Street? Not saying you’re a
dialog: square... but how’d you get into to
dialog: doing this?
text: Adonis looks at her for a long beat. Deciding whether or not
dialog: to tell her the truth.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I had a lot of anger issues when I
dialog: was young. Something about boxing
dialog: always calmed me down.
text: She looks at him, seeing him a bit differently now.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Why you come out here?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I got like an uncle out here who
dialog: was a real dope boxer. Trying to
dialog: get him to train me.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: He doesn’t want to?
text: Adonis shakes his head.
speaker_heading: BIANCA (CONT'D)
dialog: You seem pretty convincing to me. I
dialog: think you'll get him to come
dialog: around.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I don’t know...
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Just be honest with him.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: What do you mean.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Do you want him to train you
dialog: because him he was a good boxer...
dialog: or do you want him to train you
dialog: because he’s your family?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Because he’s my family, I guess.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Come at him like that.
dialog: Adonis thinks on this.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: When is your next show? I wanna
dialog: come and support.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: You don’t gotta do that.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Too late. First show was too
dialog: dope... I’m a groupie now.
text: Bianca smiles at Adonis for a bit, trying to figure him out.
text: He looks down at the food, noticing its all gone.
dialog: 34.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Well. Should we blow this jawn?
text: Bianca nods and they get up.
scene_heading: 52 INT. BUS- NIGHT—- MOMENTS LATER 52
text: Adonis and Bianca sit next to each other on the bus riding
text: back. Bianca falls asleep. Adonis slowly puts his arm around
text: her. Just as it touches her, she wakes up, and he subtly
text: plays it off. He smiles.
scene_heading: 53 INT. ADONIS’ APARTMENT HALLWAY- 53
text: Adonis walks Bianca to the door of her apartment. Bianca
text: stops at her door and turns around.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Thanks for the food. Good night.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: You gonna work some more?
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: I’1ll use the headphones, don’t
dialog: worry.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Naw, I was gonna see if it was cool
dialog: to come in and listen.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Ha. You move fast, don’t you?
text: Adonis smiles, taking the loss.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I only got one gear...
dialog: Good night.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Nite.
text: She opens the door and goes inside. Adonis heads down the
text: hall. Bianca pops back out of the door.
speaker_heading: BIANCA (CONT'D)
dialog: What’s your name.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Oh, Donnie.
dialog: 35.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: I need your government. For the
dialog: guest list. I gotta a show Friday
dialog: night at the Luxe. No pressure.
text: Adonis pauses for a moment.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Adonis Johnson.
text: Bianca chuckles at this.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Seriously? That’s a practical joke
dialog: of a name. Might as well be named
dialog: Guapo.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Don’t. My mom had me young. It’s a
dialog: long story.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Alright, Adonis. I'll put you down.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: See you then.
scene_heading: 54 INT. RING MICKEY’S GYM- DAY 54
text: TITO (Hispanic, 20s), Leo’s sparring partner stands in the
text: corner of the ring where CUT MEN attempt to stop his nose
dialog: from bleeding.
speaker_heading: TITO
dialog: I can still go...
speaker_heading: CUT MAN
dialog: We can’t stop it.
speaker_heading: SPORINO
dialog: Jesus. Take him out of here...
dialog: (looks around for another
dialog: person)
dialog: Hollywood!
text: Adonis looks up.
speaker_heading: SPORINO (CONT’D)
dialog: (under his breath to Leo)
dialog: Says he’s pro...
dialog: (to Adonis)
dialog: Let’s go, it’s your lucky day.
dialog: 55
dialog: 56
dialog: 57
dialog: 36.
scene_heading: INT. RING- MICKEY'S GYM- MOMENTS LATER 55
text: Adonis adjusts his headgear, trying to warm up. In the other
text: corner, Leo stands already good to go.
text: The bell sounds, and the fighters head towards each other.
text: Adonis comes out with a lot of bounce, evasive but Leo,
text: focused and methodical, quickly cuts the ring off on him and
text: begins to punish him with jabs and hooks to the body.
scene_heading: INT. MICKEY’S GYM- BACK 56
text: A door unlocks and opens in the back corner of the gym, away
text: from the commotion of the ring, and Rocky steps in keys in
text: hand. He’s dressed even more modestly than usual, as he walks
text: towards the commotion of the sparring match, hanging back,
text: out of sight.
scene_heading: INT. RING- CONTINUOUS 57
text: Adonis is leaning up against the ropes, his back to Rocky,
text: caged up against an all out barrage of hooks from Leo.
speaker_heading: SPORINO
dialog: C’mon Hollywood, lets see that West
dialog: Coast swag.
text: He leans back on the ropes and counters, the first one lands,
text: but Leo ducks the second and lands a three hit combo on
text: Adonis’ head. The last one sending him to a knee.
text: Leo backs off holding his hands up in the air.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Pro, what? Get me another one,
dialog: pops!
text: Adonis tries to shake off the blow, and he looks outside the
text: ring and catches eyes with, Rocky. Who looks back at Adonis
text: with a worried look. Almost on- sight, Adonis stands up. He
text: bangs his gloves together.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Come’ on. I thought philly was
dialog: tough, them love taps, boy!
text: Leo turns around to Adonis. Rage in his eyes. He comes at
text: Adonis swinging hard. Adonis ducks the punches, and counters
text: with two hard left jabs to his nose, each one snapping his
text: head back. Leo stumbles back, then counters with a hook to
text: Adonis’ gut.
dialog: 58
dialog: 37.
text: The round buzzer sounds and Adonis backs off, but Leo comes
text: forward wanting more. Blood trickles out of his left nostril.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Come’ on!
text: Sporino comes into the ring and quickly steps between the two
dialog: fighters.
speaker_heading: SPORINO
dialog: Hollywood, you’re good for the day.
text: He grabs Leo’s face, looking at his nose.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: Naw, let us keep rockin.
speaker_heading: SPORINO
dialog: Chill out. What are you gonna have
text: World War III in a sparring
dialog: session...
text: Adonis turns back to where Rocky was standing, and finds: no
text: one. He bites at his glove tape, dejected.
scene_heading: EXT. ADRIAN'S RESTAURANT-— NIGHT 58
text: Rocky is seen turning out the lights, then exits. He begins
text: to cross the street when he hears a familiar voice.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (0.S.)
dialog: Why’d you leave?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Whatya doin out here?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Taking a walk... that was you at
dialog: the gym, right?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Yeah that was me. Had to get back
dialog: to some things here.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Why didn’t you stay.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: I had seen enough.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Seeing you take punches in there,
dialog: brought back memories. Not so good
dialog: ones, you know?
dialog: 38.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: What was I doing wrong?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: I don’t know...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Off the top of my head... you can’t
text: lean on the ropes against a fighter
dialog: like that... tall like. You drop
dialog: your weight, and spin keeping him
dialog: close. Go right through him.
text: Adonis looks at Rocky for a long beat.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: See... that’s what I’m talking
dialog: about... You’ve got all this
dialog: knowledge in there...
dialog: (points to Rocky’s head)
dialog: but you sell spaghetti? Walk around
dialog: here like a ghost?
text: Rocky looks down.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Mickey... he trained you right? And
dialog: my grandpa, and Duke? It’s selfish
dialog: of you not to give back. Especially
dialog: with us being like family.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Why you keep saying that, kid.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Family... we just met.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: But you and my grandpa was like
dialog: brothers right?
text: Rocky sighs.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: He died and left me with a bunch of
dialog: people that don’t get me. But I
dialog: think he would have. And I know you
dialog: do.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: I don’t get you, kid. Boxings the
dialog: worst sport there is.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 59
dialog: 39.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: People slap you on the back,
dialog: telling ya how great you are, but
dialog: up them three steps... scariest
dialog: place in the world. Just you, and
dialog: another guy who wants to bury you.
dialog: You don’t want that to be your
dialog: life.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It’s for people whose lives can’t
dialog: get no worse. People with no
dialog: choices.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Just talking to you, I can tell
dialog: you're smart. Ya got choices kid.
text: Adonis quickly moves closer to Rocky. Almost sizing him up.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Look at me.
text: Rocky postures a bit.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: What are you talking about, I’m
dialog: looking at you.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Look in my eyes.
text: Adonis moves even closer, the two standing off, like two
text: fighters before a 12 round bout.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: You talk about choices. I made my
dialog: choice. I’m need this. Tell me you
dialog: don’t see it in my eyes.
text: They stare each other down for a beat. Adonis turns away.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: (without turning around)
dialog: Watch that tape, man...
text: He heads off down the street, leaving Rocky with his
dialog: thoughts.
scene_heading: INT. ROCKY’S HOUSE- BASEMENT 59
text: It’s what’s left of Rocky’s man- cave. Mostly a storage
text: space. Rocky sits on an old incline weight bench, in front of
text: the small television and VCR.
dialog: 60
dialog: 40.
text: We see that he is looking down at the tape that Adonis gave
text: him. He takes a deep breath, turns the television on and puts
text: the tape into the VCR.
text: ON THE SCREEN- Grainy footage of the televised first fight
text: between Apollo Creed and Rocky. The tape picks up the fight
text: between rounds, close- up footage
text: BACK TO ROCKY
text: Who looks at the footage, almost as if watching people he
text: doesn’t recognize. We hear the bell, and the round begins. A
text: subtle memory comes over his eyes. He stands up, parallel
text: with his younger self in the fight, and starts to mirror his
dialog: old movements...
scene_heading: INT. MICKEY’S GYM- NEXT MORNING 60
text: Sporino takes Leo through a weightlifting routine in the
text: corner of the gym. He looks up at the entrance and notices
text: Rocky, walking through the door. And people aklowledging his
dialog: presence.
speaker_heading: SPORINO
dialog: Champ.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: How ya doin.
text: The two embrace.
speaker_heading: SPORINO
dialog: Didn't know you were comin’ by.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Me either. Place looks okay.
speaker_heading: SPORINO
dialog: Yeah I do what I can.
text: Sporino calls Leo over.
speaker_heading: SPORNIO
dialog: Here's my kid I was telling you
dialog: about. I don’t know if you guys
dialog: ever had a chance to meet, but he’s
dialog: the next big thing outta here.
dialog: (sotto voce)
dialog: Option’s still open, should you
dialog: want to get involved...
text: Leo and Rocky shake hands.
dialog: 41.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: How ya doin.
speaker_heading: LEO
dialog: It’s an honor, champ.
text: Rocky spots Adonis stepping out of the dressing room, already
text: sweating from hours of training. He spots Rocky talking to
dialog: Sporino and Leo.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Unc.
text: Rocky lifts his head at Adonis. Sporino and Leo’s snap
text: around. Their jaws hit the floor.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: You made it.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Was in the neighborhood.
speaker_heading: SPORINO
dialog: How do you know Hollywood?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: It’s Donnie... And I’m a good
dialog: friend of the family.
speaker_heading: SPORINO
dialog: You guys working together?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I don’t know...
dialog: (to Rocky)
dialog: Are we?
text: Rocky shrugs. An uncomfortable silence between the four of
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: SPORINO
dialog: You guys let me know if you need
dialog: anything.
text: He and Leo head back over to the weights, staring at Rocky
dialog: and Adonis.
text: Rocky and Adonis start towards the bags.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: You didn’t tell them who you are?
text: Adonis shakes his head.
dialog: 61
dialog: 42.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I don’t wanna go broadcasting that.
dialog: Keep it between us, you know.
text: Rocky nods.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: So, you ready to roll?
scene_heading: TRAINING MONTAGE 1 61
text: A. Dawn- we see the dun rising in the mist, over the
dialog: industrial landscape of Philadelphia.
text: B. Schuykill River- Dawn. We see Adonis running along the
text: majestic river. Vapor expels from his mouth on this brisk
text: morning. We see Rocky watching from a vantage point along the
text: adjacent road. Behind him is the van.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Keep up the pace!!
text: As Adonis moves on, the city outline is seen looming before
dialog: him.
dialog: c. Int. Gym
text: Rocky is seen holding the bag as Adonis pounds away. Under
text: the music we can faintly hear Rocky giving instructions.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
text: A hundred a round.
text: Sporino looks on, as does Leo who shadow boxes in front of a
text: stained mirror.
text: D. Adonis has just completed wrapping his knees as he leaps
text: up from the floor to the 2nd step leading into the boxing
text: ring. He does this repetitively as Rocky keeps count.
dialog: E. Bianca’s Concert
text: Adonis stands in the front row, while Bianca rocks the crowd.
text: She eyes him as she performs.
dialog: F. Rocky Home
text: Rocky is again studying the old film of he and Apollo boxing.
text: It seems to re affirm his belief in Apollo and his grandson.
dialog: G. Int. Gym
dialog: 43.
text: Rocky has Adonis performing an unusual task. Hitting the
text: heavy bag with his shoulders, no hands. Adonis is dripping
dialog: sweat.
dialog: H. Ext. Street- night
text: It is quite cold as Adonis runs through the deserted South
text: Philly marketplace. He passes by Rocky, who stands beside his
dialog: van.
dialog: I. Hogie shop- Night.
text: Adonis stands with Bianca as they have their cheese steak
text: dinner in the famous Pat’s Cheesesteaks. People watch as they
text: share bites of each other’s sandwiches and share a playful
dialog: kiss.
dialog: J. Int. Gym
text: Adonis is doing one arm pushups in the ring. People look on,
dialog: especially Sporino and Leo.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Time!
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: When we gonna spar?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: When ya ready,
dialog: K. Int. Bianca’s Apartment- night
text: The clock reads 4:15am as she looks out the window... down
text: below she sees Adonis getting into Rocky’s van and departing.
dialog: L. Ext. Deserted Backyard- Morning
text: Adonis looks at a pait of chickens standing nervously in
text: front of him and Rocky.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Man, seriously?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Old school- go!
text: Adonis starts after the fleeing chickens, and surprisingly
text: quickly snatches one up.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Old schools out!
dialog: 62
dialog: 44,
speaker_heading: ROCKY
text: Chickens are slowing down...
scene_heading: INT. MICKEY’S GYM- TWO WEEKS LATER 62
text: Adonis, now wearing his gloves, throws the left jab against
text: weathered, horizontal heavy bag.
text: Rocky stands behind him, watching the impact of each punch.
text: The end of round bell sounds. Adonis sits down, trying to
text: catch his breath.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: You rest on your feet.
text: He pops up as Sporino approaches Rocky.
speaker_heading: SPORINO
dialog: Kid’s lookin’ good.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: We got a ways to go...
text: Adonis walks over.
speaker_heading: SPORINO
dialog: (to Adonis)
dialog: Whattya weigh right now?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: 180, why?
speaker_heading: SPORINO
dialog: (to Rocky)
dialog: If he could get down to a buck 75
dialog: in a month, we might be able to put
dialog: something together
dialog: (to Adonis)
dialog: If you’re interested that is.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Hell yeah, I’m interested-
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: (to Adonis)
dialog: Hey, you do the fightin’ alright?
text: Rocky walks Sporino out of earshot of Adonis.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: You talkin about going up against
dialog: your kid?
dialog: 63
dialog: 45.
speaker_heading: SPORINO
dialog: He could use a fight to keep warm.
dialog: And people will come out to see you
dialog: in the corner again. We could get
dialog: it done at the Blue Horizon. Make a
dialog: few bucks for everybody.
dialog: Rocky thinks on this.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: I’m just starting to get used to
dialog: this kid being around, know what I
dialog: mean?
speaker_heading: SPORINO
dialog: Yeah but he’s hungry. Let him eat.
dialog: Think about it, Rock. Lemmie know
dialog: by tomorrow.
text: Sporino pats Rocky on the shoulder and walks away.
scene_heading: EXT. MICKY’S GYM- DUSK 63
text: Adonis and Rocky, just finishing up their workouts, walk
text: towards Rocky’s van.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: You don’t think I can beat him?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: He fought golden gloves, open class
dialog: an won it-
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I fought a guy who won gloves in
dialog: Mexico.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: You win?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Close enough...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Things get rough in Mexico, trust
dialog: me. With you training me, I know I
dialog: can take this guy, Unc. Trust me.
dialog: (Italian Gangster voice)
dialog: Let me make you an offer you can’t
dialog: refuse.
text: Rocky shakes his head at this.
dialog: 46.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: We take this match. And I got six
dialog: weeks to get in shape. I’1l do
dialog: whatever it takes, and if at the
dialog: end of six weeks, you don’t think
dialog: I’m ready: call it off.
text: Rocky scratches his head.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I didn’t fly 3,000 miles from home
dialog: to play around. This is what I’m
dialog: here for. I'll go 24/7 with this
dialog: shit. Matter of fact, we can stop
dialog: playing around, we can go to crib
dialog: throw all my stuff in the van right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: For what?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: We can take it to your place.
dialog: That’s how camp is right? You live
dialog: with the trainer... old school.
dialog: Let's go, right now.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Slow down. It’s been some time
dialog: since there’s been other people at
dialog: the house, since my Brother- In Law
dialog: passed away. Might be uncomfortble
dialog: for ya.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Is it haunted?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Course not.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I'll be alright then, let’s roll.
scene_heading: EXT. ADONIS’ PHILADELPHIA APARTMENT 64
text: Rocky sits in the driver’s seat while Adonis loads the last
text: of his stuff into the back. He walks around the sidewalk and
text: looks up at Bianca, who sits in her second story bedroom
text: window watching him.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: You sure you don’t need any help?
dialog: I’1ll put these guns to use.
dialog: 47.
text: She flexes her biceps. Adonis smiles and shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Done now.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: (sarcastiacally)
dialog: Darn.
text: Adonis knocks on the hood of the car. Getting Rocky’s
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Come meet my... my neighbor.
text: Rocky gets out of the van and takes a look at Bianca.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: How ya doin- somebody forgot to
dialog: gimmie ya name.
text: Rocky walks over to the sidewalk.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Bianca, this is my Uncle I was
dialog: telling you about.
text: Bianca squints her eyes at Rocky for a beat.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: He’s White...
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Yeah, there is that...
text: Bianca points at Rocky.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Holy shit... are you Rocky Balboa!
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Yeah. Listen I’m just helpin’ him
dialog: out. Anytime you wanna drop in, if
dialog: he aint trainin it’1l be okay.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I’1l call you.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Yeah... I won’t hold my breath...
text: She flashes a smile, Rocky blows her a kiss, and does a phony
text: bow. Adonis throws her a peace sign.
dialog: 65
dialog: 66
dialog: 67
dialog: 48.
text: She playfully rolls her eyes and closes the window on him.
text: They jump in the van and blast off.
scene_heading: INT. ROCKY’S HOUSE- NIGHT 65
text: Adonis and Rocky move boxes into a vacant room. Rocky
text: struggles with one, grows tired and sits it down.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: (rubs his back)
dialog: You don’t ever want a bad back.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I got it
text: Adonis picks up where Rocky left off. He comes out of the
text: room and sees photos and signs of Paulie everywhere. Old
text: booze bottles, bar signs, and vintage Playboys mags.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: This your brother- law’s room?
text: Rocky nods.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Paulie.
text: Adonis looks at the sagging bed.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Guess he spent alot of time in
dialog: here.
text: Adonis leaps on it, and stretches out.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Still comfy though.
scene_heading: EXT. PHILADELPHIA SKYLINE - DAY 66
text: The sun rises over the city. A garbage man collects trash on
dialog: the street corner.
scene_heading: INT. ROCKY’S HOUSE- ADONIS’ ROOM- EARLY MORNING 67
text: Adonis sleeps in a bed in the spare bedroom. THE SPINNERS
text: plays from old record player speakers, pumped to the max.
text: Adonis snaps up and checks his phone: 3:45am. He looks up to
text: see Rocky, fully dressed singing and dancing along to the
dialog: music.
dialog: 68
dialog: 69
dialog: 49.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKY’S HOUSE- ASS CRACK OF DAWN 68
text: Rocky and Adonis walk up to the van.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: I’m taking you to another gym in
dialog: North Philly. Tough joint. Very
dialog: difficult. They take no crap there.
dialog: Kinda what Apollo did with me.
text: Rocky gets in. Adonis tries the passenger side door and it
text: doesn’t open. Adonis knocks on the window, Rocky rolls it
dialog: down.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Can ya unlock the door?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: You're gonna run. I’m antique, so
dialog: I'll just be drivin’ along side
dialog: keepin company.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: How far away is the new gym?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Close enough.
text: He fires up the engine, and starts rolling down the street.
text: Adonis runs along side of him.
scene_heading: INT. JOE HAND BOXING GYM- CONTINUOS 69
dialog: The gym is the roughest that we have seen so far. The GUYS
dialog: are already in there working.
text: We find Rocky introducing Adonis (who looks like he just ran
dialog: a marathon) to his team: JOE HAND III (50s, Black, Owns the
text: gym), AMIR HAND (20's, Black, Joe’s Son same build as
text: Adonis), MARCEL (60s, HISPANIC, short and stocky, glasses).
text: They size Adonis up with excitement. Rocky points to Joe.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: This is Joe. We go way back. Spared
dialog: a little, fought some of the best.
dialog: Got alotta knowledge in here.
text: Joe shakes hands with Adonis.
speaker_heading: JOE
dialog: Champ told me a lot about you.
dialog: Excited to help get you ready.
dialog: (points to Marcel)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 70
dialog: 50.
speaker_heading: JOE (CONT'D)
dialog: This is Marcel, the best cut man in
dialog: Philly.
dialog: (points to Amir)
dialog: And this my son, Amir, who’s gonna
dialog: be helping you out with sparring.
text: Adonis shakes hands with Marcel and Amir.
scene_heading: INT. JOE HAND BOXING GYM- AN HOUR LATER 70
text: Rocky and Adonis work the hand bags, while Amir, Joe, and
text: Marcel look on. Adonis punches from a flamboyant stance,
text: hands low. Every so many punches, Rocky swings at Adonis’
text: head with the hand bags. But Adonis ducks and dodges out of
text: the way, leaving Rocky just missing him.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Hands up... Keep your hands up!
text: Rocky swings on him again, fast as he can, but still misses.
text: Adonis smiles. Rocky stops.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Amir.
text: Amir jogs over.
speaker_heading: AMIR
dialog: Sup Rock?
text: Rocky takes off the hand bags, and hands them to Amir. He
text: subtly leans forward to him.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: I’m takin a break.
dialog: (sotto voce)
dialog: Yo, Make him keep his hands up,
dialog: know what I mean?
text: Amir nods. And walks over to Adonis.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Same drill, but forget gravity, and
dialog: keep em up, even higher.
text: They start. The pace of the drill is twice as fast as it was
text: with Rocky, then Amir swings, and WHAM! he catches Adonis in
text: the side of the face with the handbag.
text: Adonis cuts Amir a look.
dialog: 51.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey! Nobody said stop and give
dialog: looks. Let’s go!
text: They start again, and WHAM! Adonis is caught again even
dialog: harder this time.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: (threatening)
dialog: Watch my eye, bruh!
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: You supposed to watch your own eye.
dialog: Keep movin!
text: The drill starts again and after a few exchanges, Amir swings
text: once, Adonis ducks it but when he comes up he is caught by
text: another swing, SMACK right into his left eye.
text: Adonis explodes, and shoves Amir in his chest, sending him
text: back fifteen feet.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I told you homie! Take the gloves
dialog: off!
text: Adonis rips off his gloves and squares up with Amir, who
text: stares at him like he’s crazy.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Let’s go homie!
text: Amir looks at Rocky and at his Dad, and calmly takes the bags
text: off his hands. He hands them to Rocky.
speaker_heading: AMIR
dialog: Call me when this dude is ready to
dialog: train, man.
text: Amir heads over to the other side of the gym.
text: Rocky pulls Adonis to the other side of the gym.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Yo, what the hell are you doing?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: That dude is trying to take real
dialog: shots at me, I don’t play that
dialog: shit.
dialog: 52.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Y'know, ya tell people stuff like,
dialog: don't touch that fire, cause it
dialog: burns. And lo and behold, they do
dialog: it anyway. Guess what, some people
dialog: just gotta learn the hard way. Now
dialog: this Leo guy aint superman, but
dialog: he’s got fast combos that will
dialog: punch holes in ya face, if ya don’t
dialog: keep ya hands up!
text: Adonis takes this in.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Now go apologize to him.
text: Adonis looks off.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Apologize to him, now, or I walk.
text: Adonis takes a long beat, then begrudgingly walks over to
dialog: Amir.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: My bad bro, I took a nasty butt to
dialog: my eye, never healed right.
speaker_heading: AMIR
dialog: It’s all good, bro, happens to the
dialog: best of us. Just keep them jawns up
dialog: when you roll, like this.
text: Amir shows Adonis what he is talking about. Adonis mirrors
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: AMIR (CONT'D)
dialog: And I’1l watch the eye.
speaker_heading: JOE HAND
dialog: You two kiss and make up?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Now back to work!
scene_heading: 71 INT. JOE HAND BOXING GYM- MOMENTS LATER 71
text: Series of shots with Rocky talking over them.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Keep reversing them gears- you keep
dialog: coming forward. Be outside, then
dialog: close the gap. Be ready to jump in
dialog: his pocket!
dialog: 72
dialog: 53.
text: Adonis shadow boxes with Amir, both wearing hand wraps. Angle
text: on their feet as they step, replace and pivot with large
text: rubber bands binding their ankles together.
text: Adonis hits the heavy bag.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Good, straighter. Work that Jab!
dialog: Every fighter must have a jab!
text: Stich and hook, catch a punch and
dialog: let a punch go, nail the guy...
text: Adonis spars with Amir
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Close that fist! Close it, good or
dialog: you're slappin, and slappin don’t
dialog: cut it!
text: Adonis and Amir shadow box.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Everything is impossible without
dialog: footwork!!! In and out, side to
dialog: side, back and forth, it’s what
dialog: will take you in for the kill, and
dialog: take you out of trouble.
text: Adonis punches at the mirror, 51lb dumbbells in each hand.
text: Adonis works the heavy bag, throwing three jabs and then a
text: right. Rocky and Joe look on.
speaker_heading: JOE HAND
dialog: Okay shape, damn fast hands. But I
dialog: don’t know what’s in here yet
dialog: (points at his chest)
dialog: Don’t know about that at all.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Only one way to find out about
dialog: that.
scene_heading: INT. JOE HAND BOXING GYM- NIGHT- HOURS LATER 72
text: Joe, Amir, and Marcel head out, calling it a night. Rocky and
text: Adonis are still hard at work. Adonis throws punches at
text: Rocky, who wears focus mitts on each hand, and a body bag.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: You gotta bring it back to protect!
dialog: Bring it back!
dialog: 73
dialog: 54.
text: The end of round buzzer goes off.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Nice, take a break.
text: Adonis is gassed. Rocky, starts to exit the ring, but starts
text: to feel sick. He goes over to the garbage can, and dry
dialog: heaves.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Unc, you alright?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: I'm fine, keep working.
text: Adonis doesn’t. Rocky turns away from the can, and starts
text: back towards him and his leg seem to give out from under him.
text: Smack! He falls down to the ground.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Shit!
text: Adonis sprints over.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: You okay?
text: Rocky, pissed with himself, nods.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Yeah. Just a little dizzy. Comes
dialog: and goes, no big deal, really.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Naw man. That shit didn’t look
dialog: right, we’re going to the doctor.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: The doctor for what?
text: Adonis helps Rocky to his feet with his free hand. Rocky
text: stands up, but his leg gives out again.
scene_heading: INT. PHILADELPHIA HOSPITAL - NIGHT 73
text: Rocky sits on the edge of the hospital bed in a gown. He
text: looks pissed off. Adonis leans up against the wall across
dialog: from him.
text: The door opens and DR. SHAHANI (mid 30s, Indian woman) walks
text: in holding a clipboard.
dialog: 55.
speaker_heading: DR. SHAHANI
dialog: Mr. Balboa! How are you feeling?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Nervous. When is the doc coming in?
text: Adonis makes a face like he’s about to see a car accident.
speaker_heading: DR. SHAHANI
dialog: Actually, I am the doctor.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Sorry.
dialog: (to Adonis)
dialog: Doctors have changed.
text: She turns to Adonis.
speaker_heading: DR. SHAHANI
dialog: And you are...
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: His nephew. I was just here to make
dialog: sure he didn’t sneak out of the
dialog: window before you showed up.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I'll be outside.
text: Dr. Shahani chuckles at this. Rocky doesn’t. Adonis leaves
dialog: the room.
speaker_heading: DR. SHAHANI
dialog: So what brings you in to us?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Probably nothin- The kid saw me get
dialog: sick, and sorta fall a little.
text: Dr. Shahani nods at this.
speaker_heading: DR. SHAHANI
dialog: Was that the first time you’ve
dialog: fallen?
text: Rocky shakes his head.
speaker_heading: DR. SHAHANI (CONT'D)
dialog: Any other symptoms?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Get tired sometimes, but that’s
dialog: normal in life, right?
dialog: 74
dialog: 56.
speaker_heading: DR. SHAHANI
dialog: Your appetite?
text: Rocky shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Medium... I would say.
speaker_heading: DR. SHAHANI
dialog: Well you have a history of head
dialog: trauma. And some of the symptoms
dialog: you describe are consistent with
dialog: dimentia pugilistica.
dialog: (off Rocky’s look)
dialog: But what has me worried is the loss
dialog: of appetite, and the vomiting. We
dialog: should run some tests.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: I’m sure you got allotta people
dialog: really needin your help. I’m good,
dialog: really. You should check out
dialog: somebody else.
speaker_heading: DR. SHAHANI
dialog: I believe we should do it now, just
dialog: to be on the safe side.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Gotta be fast, okay? Me and that
dialog: kid, we got allota work to do.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL WAITING ROOM- NEXT MORNING 74
text: Adonis sits in the waiting room asleep. Rocky walks in with a
text: slight limp (from the muscle biopsy). He wakes Adonis up.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: All done kid. Let’s go.
text: Adonis pops up.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Shit. What time is it?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: I don’t know...
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: We going home?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: No, we're going to the gym.
dialog: 75
dialog: 76
dialog: 57.
text: They walk side by side, down the hospital hallway.
scene_heading: SUPER: FIGHT NIGHT AKBAR VS. JOHNSON
scene_heading: INT. BLUE HORIZON-— CONTINUOUS 75
text: The air is electric in the packed house. Two welterweight
text: boxers move around in the ring. It is an intimately designed
text: space, with an upper level of rowdy fans, that seems to sit
text: right on top of the ring.
text: The crowd is mixed, mostly Black and Italian though, and
dialog: standing room only.
text: We reveal that we are looking at the gym from Adonis’ POV,
text: stares out beyond the door of his locker room.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (0.S.)
dialog: One more.
dialog: Adonis turns back into-
scene_heading: INT. BLUE HORIZON- CHALLENGER LOCKER ROOM- CONTINUOUS 76
text: Adonis squares up with Rocky, who takes him through a
text: complicated series of combinations. Adonis nails them with
text: pinpoint accuracy. Joe, Amir, Marcel, and Bianca look on.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: (to Adonis)
dialog: Listen, what you do here is
dialog: forever. It’s part of ya history.
dialog: You can’t change it, so use
dialog: everything I believe ya got. Keep
dialog: that jab constantly on him. Hit,
dialog: and not get hit. Joe, can ya warm
dialog: him up?
text: Joe hand steps forward with the focus mitts. Rocky glances
text: into the hallway and spots Sporino, who motions for him to
text: come and talk. As Rocky gets closer, we see Sporino looks
text: like the cat who ate the canary.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Whats going on?
speaker_heading: SPORINO
dialog: I knew there had to be something
dialog: with this kid. I mean, I tried to
dialog: get you to come work with us for
dialog: years. And this Hollywood kid just
dialog: brings you out of the shadows?
dialog: 77
dialog: 58.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Whattaya gettin at?
speaker_heading: SPORINO
dialog: I made some calls to LA. Aint no
dialog: Donnie Johnson. Kid’s name is
text: Adonis. Kid’s Creed’s blood.
text: Rocky sighs deeply.
speaker_heading: SPORINO (CONT’D)
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: Fight just got big time...
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Yo, the kids tryna make it on his
dialog: own name. Don’t tell anybody.
speaker_heading: SPORINO
dialog: (without turning around)
dialog: Secret’s safe with me...
dialog: Rocky
scene_heading: INT. BLUE HORIZON- RING- CONTINUOUS 77
text: Adonis and Leo meet in the middle of the ring, the ref
text: between them, their corners behind them.
speaker_heading: REFEREE
dialog: Touch em up!
text: Adonis touches gloves with Leo, and heads back to his corner.
text: Joe, Amir, and Marcel head out of the ring. Rocky turns back
text: to face Adonis, he grabs him by the face and pulls him close.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: It’s you now okay? It’s all you,
dialog: this is what you’ve been waiting
dialog: for. I’m gonna be right here.
text: Adonis nods, intensely. Rocky steps out of the ring and looks
dialog: back.
text: Adonis turns around, and the SOUND of the crowd fades out for
text: a bit, while he looks and sees that only he, Leo, and the
text: referee remain in the ring. Leo looks at Adonis, bouncing,
text: looking relaxed and focused. DING! DING!
text: The NOISE of the stadium rushes back as the fighters head
text: towards each other, coming within arms reach right in the
text: middle of the ring. They stop and posture, Leo in perfect
dialog: stance.
dialog: 78
dialog: 59.
text: He throws the first punch, a stiff left jab, Adonis blocks it
text: and sends one back, Leo ducks it and catches Adonis clean
text: with two counters.
speaker_heading: SPORINO
dialog: Nice! Nice!
text: Adonis quickly shakes off the hits and grabs him. The ref
text: comes in.
speaker_heading: REFEREE
dialog: Alright, break it up, break it up.
text: The fighters back up, and then the Ref sends them back at
text: each other. Adonis bounces in on Leo, sends out a couple of
text: jabs. Leo blocks all of them, and sends a couple back at
text: Adonis, Adonis ducks the first few and tries to counter with
text: a left Jab, Leo slips it, and gets Adonis into the corner. He
text: begins sending shot after shot at Adonis. Adonis dodges a few
text: of them, and tries to do a hard slip to the right, when BLAM!
text: He is caught flush in the side of the head by a left hook
text: from Leo. Adonis is wobbled by this. The crowd explodes and
text: Leo raises his fists to show the crowd that he is about to
text: finish him off.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Tie him up, and bang him on the
dialog: ropes!
dialog: Adonis does just that.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: The body now! Touch the body!
text: Adonis jabs three times to work his way in. Leo throws a big
text: right, which Adonis slips beautifully, and drives a hard wide
text: left hook to the ribs. Leo emits an audible grunt of pain.
text: Leo is hurt, as he spins out, Adonis throws a five punch
text: combo as the bell rings.
scene_heading: INT. ADONIS’ CORNER- BLUE HORIZON RING- CONTINUOUS 78
text: Joe Hand flips the chair over for Adonis to sit down into it.
text: Adonis sits down and Rocky takes out his mouthpiece. Marcel
text: works on the right side of his face with an ice pack.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: What do you think?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Very good, what do you think?
dialog: 79
dialog: 60.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I’m gonna move around a little.
dialog: Till my head clears.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: I like what you’re doing. Get ya
dialog: senses back, then drop ya left
text: below his radar, and come up with a
dialog: shovel hook. If you see the openin,
dialog: park ya right on his chin. Your
dialog: grandfather dropped me with that
dialog: combo. Works very good.
text: Adonis nods. Rocky puts his mouthpiece back in and Adonis
text: stands up. The team jumps out of the ring. DING! DING!
text: Adonis punches his gloves together and takes off.
scene_heading: INT. RING- BLUE HORIZON 79
text: Adonis and Leo approach each other and begin to circling.
text: Adonis keeps his right hand cocked creeps up on Leo with more
dialog: patience.
text: Two quick jabs from Leo, but Adonis slips both of them. He
text: continues to creep in- patient, not bouncing like before. He
text: takes a quick jab at Leo, who sidesteps it and reverses his
text: footing, cornering Adonis. He sends rapid shots at Adonis,
text: who goes into defense mode, caging up. Leo fakes backing off,
text: and then comes in with a rapid fire combo. Adonis narrowly
text: slips the hard left of Leo.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Take it!
text: Adonis goes for the combo, dropping his left low, faking the
text: right, and brings up the shovel hook, driving Leo’s chin
text: upward, and BANG, a piledriving right lands with audible
text: force. Leo crumbles.
text: Adonis backs off, right hand still cocked as the Ref runs in
text: waving his hands, KO.
text: The ref waves his hands- TKO
text: Adonis quickly raises his hands and runs to the corner. Rocky
text: lifts his hands and runs into the ring.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Way to go, kid! That was something!
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: We got em, Unc. We got em.
dialog: 80
dialog: 81
dialog: 61.
text: Leo’s team rushes into the ring to aid him. Sporino eyeing
dialog: Rocky.
scene_heading: INT. RINGSIDE SEATS— BLUE HORIZON 80
text: Bianca jumps out of her seat, rushes through the crowd, and
text: into the ring. She embraces Adonis, elated.
text: Leo comes back to his senses.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Whooo, let’s tear this city up!
scene_heading: INT. LIVING ROOM- ROCKY’S HOUSE 81
text: Adonis and Bianca sit on the couch next to Rocky watching
text: SKYFALL. All of them look super sleepy. Bowls of Ice Cream
text: are everywhere. Bianca leans on Adonis’ chest. Rocky does a
text: sleepy head droop, then stands up.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: I’m gonna call it a night.
dialog: Congratulations, kid.
text: He walks down the hallway, and comes back with a blanket that
text: he places over Adonis and Bianca.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Thanks Unc.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: No problem.
text: He goes to the back of the house. Bianca turns to Adonis. She
dialog: whispers.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Hey.
text: Adonis opens his eyes, and looks at Bianca.
speaker_heading: BIANCA (CONT'D)
dialog: I made something for you.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Oh yeah?
text: Bianca nods.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Close your eyes.
dialog: 82
dialog: 62.
text: Adonis closes his eyes. And Bianca pulls out her headphones
text: and places them in his ears. Adonis smiles, tries to peek.
speaker_heading: BIANCA (CONT'D)
dialog: Keep em closed.
text: She presses play on her phone and a Beautiful, Haunting Song
text: starts to play. We hear it as Adonis does, all encompassing.
text: Bianca’s voice starts. Adonis keeps his eyes closed affected
text: by this. Bianca watches him closely. Adonis opens his eyes.
text: And kisses her. She straddles him, keeping their faces close.
scene_heading: INT. ROCKY’S KITCHEN- NEXT MORNING 82
text: Rocky, Adonis and Bianca make breakfast together. The Local
text: News plays on the TV in the living room. On screen, we see a
text: newscaster standing in front of the Blue Horizon Gym.
speaker_heading: LOCAL NEWSCASTER
dialog: Local boxing fans got a blast from
dialog: the past when Rocky Balboa made a
dialog: return the ring last night. This
dialog: time, as a trainer. Balboa was in
dialog: the corner of Adonis Johnson, an
dialog: otherwise unknown light heavyweight
dialog: middleweight, who defeated local
dialog: bronze medalist Leo Sporino, with a
dialog: second round TKO.
text: Bianca’s eyes grow wide with excitement, and she rushes into
text: the living room, followed by Rocky and Adonis.
speaker_heading: LOCAL NEWSCASTER (CONT’D)
dialog: But things took a dramatic twist on
dialog: reports that Johnson is the
dialog: biologic grandson of Apollo Creed
dialog: the late great heavyweight
dialog: champion, and close friend of Rocky
dialog: Balboa.
text: Bianca turns to Adonis, shock in her eyes. Adonis looks back
text: at her- busted. She heads back into the living room and grabs
dialog: her things.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Wait.
text: She heads out of the door. Rocky looks on at the news as
text: Adonis follows them out.
dialog: 83
dialog: 63.
scene_heading: EXT. PHILADELPHIA STREET - DAY 83
text: Bianca walks briskly while Adonis tries to catch up.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Slow down...
text: She walks faster.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Hey.
text: Adonis tries to grab her hand, but Bianca pulls away and
text: continues to walk. She goes to the corner and tries to catch
text: a cab. The cab pulls up, Adonis pushes past Bianca and closes
text: the door, telling the driver to take off.
text: Bianca tries to catch another one.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you doing?
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Going home.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Why? What you trippin for?
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Are you seriously asking me that?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I made love to you last night...
dialog: and then I turn on the news and
dialog: find out you've been lying to me.
dialog: You have any idea how that makes me
dialog: feel? Do you even care?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I didn’t lie to you.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: I distinctly remember asking why
dialog: you're a fighter. That would have
dialog: been the perfect time to say, “You
dialog: know, I’m related to the most
dialog: famous boxer who ever lived...”
text: Adonis searches for an answer.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: People look at me different when
dialog: they know. I didn’t want you
dialog: looking at me like that.
dialog: 64.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: I’m not people... I don’t care
dialog: about that kind of shit. I care
dialog: about you keeping it 100 with me.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Alright. From here on out, 100
dialog: percent honest and up front. Just
dialog: come back to the house with me.
text: Bianca rolls her eyes at this.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: I’m serious! On my grandfather's
dialog: grave.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We can start right now. Ask me
dialog: anything.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Anything?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Anything.
text: Bianca smiles. She can’t help but to be intrigued.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: How many girls you been with before
dialog: me?
text: Adonis winces.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: You're different.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: How?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Cause I want to be around you all
dialog: the time. I never felt like that
dialog: with anybody.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: It’s cause it’s new.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: But it doesn’t feel new. It’s like
dialog: I’ve known you forever. When I’m
dialog: close to you, it’s like I can do
dialog: anything.
text: Bianca crosses her arms, and looks off for a beat.
dialog: 65.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Tell me you don’t feel the same
dialog: way. Tell me you don’t and I’11l
dialog: drive you home myself.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: That's passion, it’s infatuation.
text: That fades.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I can’t see that.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Shit feels too right. You make me
dialog: want to work hard. Want to win.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: So I’m just a good luck charm?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: You could find an insult in a box
dialog: of roses, huh?
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Naw, I just find the real.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It’s cool though. Maybe you’re my
dialog: good luck charm too.
text: Bianca stares at him. She smiles.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: You do look like him.
text: Adonis quickly points at Bianca’s face, smiling.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: See! I knew it!
text: Adonis quickly grabs her by her knees and lifts her up high
text: into the air inducing a playful shriek. Her phone buzzes. And
text: she answers it while Adonis is holding her.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Hello... Yeah this is she...
dialog: (to Adonis)
dialog: Put me down! Put me down!
dialog: 84
dialog: 85
dialog: 66.
text: Adonis obliges. She puts her finger in her ear to hear the
dialog: phone better.
speaker_heading: BIANCA (CONT'D)
dialog: Are you serious? Of course... Of
dialog: course... This is foreal, right?
dialog: Absolutely. Thank you so so much.
text: Bianca hangs the phone up, and takes off running at full
text: speed, screaming in joy. Adonis, confused, sprints after her.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: What?! What’s going on?
text: She stops and bends over out of breath.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: I got the gig... You’re looking at
dialog: the opening act!
text: Adonis screams at the top of his lungs. Bianca jumps onto his
dialog: waist.
text: A TRANSIENT MAN (White, 60s) stares at these two idiots like
dialog: they’ve lost their minds.
speaker_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS 84
text: -Mary Anne Creed at her house, watching a report on Adonis.
text: -Lisa, Daryl, and the Kayla, who promptly puts her hands up
dialog: in celebration.
text: -Terrel in the Rec room, watching the report.
text: -Holiday, in his house in the UK, watching a similar report.
scene_heading: INT. ROCKY’S HOUSE- DUSK BACKYARD 85
text: Rocky and Adonis work the hand bags. Adonis sends quick,
text: fluid jabs at Rocky’s hands and stomach. The buzzer goes off,
text: and Rocky stops, and rubs his sore hands.
text: A plastic kitchen timer goes off. And Adonis stops. Rocky
text: takes off his hand pads and resets the timer.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Relax. I’m on your side.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Everybody knows...
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: So what? You ashamed or something?
dialog: 67.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I wanted this on my own.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Who’s in here punchin? Last time I
dialog: looked at you, you were on ya own.
dialog: Truthfully, I’m glad this happened.
dialog: Now everybody’11l be gunnin for you.
dialog: Makes you very alert.
text: The gym’s buzzer goes off.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Time, and this time, don’t break my
dialog: hands.
scene_heading: 86 INT. ROCKY’S HOUSE- KITCHEN- CONTINUOUS 86
text: Rocky walks in and picks up the house phone.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: I don’t know how you got this
dialog: number but...
speaker_heading: HOLIDAY
dialog: Easy, Stallion, it’s Niles
dialog: Holiday... I used to fight on your
text: undercards, but now represent Ricky
dialog: Porter.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Wow... Sorry about that... the
dialog: reporters... you know...
speaker_heading: HOLIDAY
dialog: Yeah, I know how it is... Forgive
dialog: me for skipping the pleasantries...
dialog: is it true, about the kid?
dialog: (off Rocky’s silence)
dialog: What are you doing tomorrow?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: We're training.
speaker_heading: HOLIDAY
dialog: Think you and the kid can spare 30
dialog: minutes for a business meeting?
scene_heading: 87 INT. ADRIAN’S-— DAY 87
text: Daylight streams into the back of the restaurant, that is
dialog: closed for business for the time being.
dialog: 68.
text: Rocky Adonis, and Holiday sit around a table.
speaker_heading: HOLIDAY
dialog: My guy has to fight within the next
dialog: 12 months, and we've beaten
dialog: everybody. I’ve been at my wits end
dialog: trying to find somebody worthy of a
dialog: payday. Until I heard about you
dialog: two.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: You want me to fight Porter?
text: Rocky cuts Adonis a look. Adonis mimes “what?” back at him.
text: Holiday observes this, and moves forward gingerly.
speaker_heading: HOLIDAY
dialog: I think it could be a very smart
dialog: move.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: I don’t know about that, we’re
dialog: still working on things.
speaker_heading: HOLIDAY
dialog: Good. You were fighting pro fights
dialog: in Mexico, huh?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: HOLIDAY
dialog: I got you with a record of 11-1-1
dialog: out there. Your victory over
dialog: Sporino’s kid puts you at 12-1.
dialog: Nobody needs to know those fights
dialog: were in some bloody hole in the
dialog: wall.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I’m not saying it isn’t going to be
dialog: difficult to convince the board.
dialog: But my camp is in a special
dialog: position right now.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Curious. How’s your fighter feel
dialog: about this?
speaker_heading: HOLIDAY
dialog: He’s thrilled about it. He likes
text: thinking out of the box, giving
dialog: people chances. You can relate, I’m
dialog: sure.
dialog: (beat)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 69.
speaker_heading: HOLIDAY (CONT'D)
dialog: I just want to make sure you two
dialog: are on board with this before we
dialog: put our weight behind it. We don’t
dialog: have time to muck about.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: We're game to go-
text: Rocky holds up his hand. Adonis, frustrated stops talking.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: What you want me to sit in on the
dialog: meeting for if I can’t talk.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Talk.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: How soon would this happen?
speaker_heading: HOLIDAY
dialog: 2 months, 3 max.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: (to Rocky)
dialog: We can do this, right?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Not sure.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I think so.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Let’s not debate in front of this
dialog: man.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Look at this chance.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Chance to get broken. He’s here
dialog: cause to them you’re a sure thing,
dialog: sure victory.
speaker_heading: HOLIDAY
dialog: Not true.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Course it is.
speaker_heading: HOLIDAY
dialog: Okay let’s be up front. This could
dialog: be his last gig.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 88
dialog: 70.
speaker_heading: HOLIDAY (CONT'D)
dialog: We gotta make it count.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: We're talking about something the
dialog: whole boxing world would want to
dialog: see., we got the undisputed
dialog: champion of today, we got the Icon
dialog: in you
dialog: (motions to Rocky)
dialog: and we got the name of the best
dialog: fighter ever all in one event?
dialog: It'll be bloody historic.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: We'll talk about it.
speaker_heading: HOLIDAY
dialog: Sure, Champ. Take some time to
dialog: think on it.
dialog: (to Adonis)
dialog: In the mean time, if this thing’s
dialog: gonna go, I’m gonna need you to do
dialog: something on your end. We need you
dialog: to take on the “Creed” name,
dialog: formally.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I can’t do that. Not my name.
speaker_heading: HOLIDAY
dialog: Then that’s a non- starter for us.
text: Without the name, there’s no fight.
dialog: Take a day to toss it around.
text: Holiday stands up as Rocky and Adonis exchange looks.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Can I get the day off?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: I was gonna suggest the same thing.
scene_heading: INT. BIANCA’S APARTMENT 88
text: Adonis and Bianca post- coital on Bianca’s air mattress.
text: Bianca takes pulls off a roach, while Adonis looks up at the
dialog: ceiling.
dialog: 71.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Patriarchy drives me insane. We
dialog: carry the baby for nine months,
dialog: wreck our bodies, almost die
dialog: squeezing it out, only for society
dialog: to slap the baby on the ass and
dialog: name it after the man?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: The kid should at least get both
dialog: names.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Which one goes first?
text: Bianca cuts him a look that says 1,000 words. Adonis laughs
dialog: about this.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: So I'd be Creed- Johnson. And you'd
dialog: be...
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Franklin- Taylor.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: But if you got pregnant...
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: We
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: If we got pregnant, our kid’s last
dialog: name would be... Franklin- Taylor-
dialog: Creed- Johnson?
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: I didn’t think that far ahead...
dialog: but you need to get over this name
dialog: thing?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Can’t do it. Gotta make my own way.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: You've got a funny way of showing
dialog: it. Weren’t Rocky and Apollo, like
dialog: best friends? Seems like you're
dialog: trying to tap into whatever it is
dialog: he left behind.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That’s nothing to be ashamed of,
dialog: right?
text: Adonis thinks about this for a beat. Then shakes his head.
dialog: 72.
speaker_heading: BIANCA (CONT'D)
dialog: What are you afraid of?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I‘ll start it off for you, “I’m
dialog: afraid of blank” Say it with me,
dialog: I’m afraid of....
text: Adonis looks at her, almost as if to see if he can trust her.
text: She looks back, waiting for his answer.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I'm afraid that...
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If I take the name on, and I loose.
dialog: They’1l say I’m a let down. And not
dialog: worthy of the name.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Who cares what people say.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: You don’t know what it’s like.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: I know what it’s like to be called
text: a fraud. An embarrassment.
text: Adonis looks over at her. She does understand.
speaker_heading: BIANCA (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t you think it’s weird, that I
dialog: do all these shows, and not once
dialog: have you seen my family there? My
dialog: parents aint 3,000 mi away. They’re
text: down the street.
dialog: Adonis thinks on this.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: What’s they deal.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: We Sunni, like everybody else out
dialog: here. But my parents is just mad
dialog: conservative. Once I started
dialog: performing, and doing the music
dialog: about life, they disowned me. Told
dialog: me I was destined to fail. My own
dialog: parents want to see me fail at what
dialog: I love to do.
dialog: Adonis thinks on this.
dialog: 89
dialog: 73.
speaker_heading: BIANCA (CONT'D)
dialog: I never knew what it was like to
dialog: have somebody in the crowd that I
dialog: knew truly cared about me. Until
dialog: you started coming to my shows. It
dialog: changed everything for me.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: It’s crazy that they wouldn’t
dialog: support you... I’ve seen you
dialog: sing...
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: And I've seen you fight. So what if
dialog: people don’t think you're as great
dialog: as Apollo. Who was? Think about
dialog: what’s true. You love to box. It
dialog: makes you happy, right?
text: Adonis nods.
speaker_heading: BIANCA (CONT'D)
dialog: And you are Apollo Creed’s grandson
dialog: right?
text: He nods again.
speaker_heading: BIANCA (CONT'D)
dialog: Use the name. It’s yours. Fuck what
dialog: they say about you. I’1l be there
dialog: for you, win or loose. Rocky’1l be
dialog: there for you, win or loose. To
dialog: hell with everybody else.
scene_heading: INT. ADRIAN’S RESTAURANT-— DAY 89
text: Rocky stands in the stock room looking over merchandise, the
text: back door is open to the parking lot. Through the door, we
text: see Adonis approach. He walks up to Rocky.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: So what do you think?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Ya really care?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Yeah, what are your thoughts on
dialog: this.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Fighter’s only got ten good years,
dialog: tops.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 90
dialog: 74.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Every battle takes something outta
dialog: ya, and trust me, this one could
dialog: take more than you’re willing to
dialog: give.
text: Adonis nods.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: But I can’t help but to think how
text: jumpin into the deep end of the
dialog: pool is how I got the best
dialog: oppertunities in my life. Chances
dialog: like this are one in a lifetime...
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: So what are you saying?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Let’s do it.
text: Adonis nods.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: One call and we're in.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Make the call.
text: Rocky shrugs. Adonis looks at Rocky blankly for a beat, then
text: is overwhelmed with emotion and takes off running out the
dialog: door.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: (shouting)
text: I'M FIGHTING PRETTY RICKY
text: PORRRTERRRR!!!!
text: He jumps up and down and pumps his fist into the air. Rocky
text: looks on at this, smiling.
scene_heading: EXT. CREED MANSION- LIVING ROOM- MORNING 90
text: A HOUSEKEEPER brings the Wall St. Journal to Mary Anne, who
text: eats breakfast at the kitchen island. She opens it up and
text: flips to the front page. We see they have a photo of Adonis
text: smiling in an interview, right next to a photo of a young
text: Apollo in an article about the bizarre nature of the upcoming
text: title fight. Their resemblance is breathtaking.
dialog: 91
dialog: 92
dialog: 93
dialog: 75.
scene_heading: INT. CREED MANSION-— WORKSHOP 91
text: Mary Anne wears a smock, and works on something. She takes a
text: sip from a cup, but her eyes remain on the unseen project.
scene_heading: INT. CREED MANSION- TROPHY ROOM 92
text: Mary Anne mounts her project to the wall, revealed to be
text: Adonis’ article in a custom frame. She steps back and admires
text: it. Her eyes scan the wall and fall on something else.
scene_heading: INT. ROCKY’S HOUSE- KITCHEN 93
text: Adonis is in the corner making a salad, while Bianca and
text: Rocky meal around in the Kitchen cooking.
text: Bianca checks on a pot bubbling on the stove, while Rocky
text: stirs a pot of tomato sauce.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: I don’t know... I’ve had sweet
dialog: potatoes before.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Not like this, you haven't.
text: Rocky smiles.
text: Bianca opens the stove and pulls out a large baking sheet,
text: foil covering it. She sits it down on the counter and peels
text: the foil back, revealing the orange dish.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Smells good.
text: Bianca dips a small spoon into it, blows on it, hands it to
text: Rocky, who eats it. His face says it all.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Tastes better.
text: Bianca smiles, as her cell phone rings. She answers it.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: (brightly)
dialog: Hey... uh, yeah, give me a second.
text: She heads towards the front door, past Adonis who notices
text: something off in her voice. Adonis heads out after her.
text: Rocky looks on, then takes another bit of sweet potatoes.
dialog: 94
dialog: 95
dialog: 96
dialog: 76.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKY’S HOUSE 94
text: Adonis looks at Bianca, who paces on the porch, wrapping up
text: what looks to be a very serious phone call.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: What’s going on?
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: I just talked to one of the top
dialog: tour managers in the country.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: And...
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: He’s gonna be at the show tomorrow.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: (beat)
dialog: That's amazing, right?
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: It’s just... It just feels like
dialog: even more pressure.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Pressure’s good, it’s what you work
dialog: so hard for.
text: Bianca looks at Adonis for a beat, and smiles at him.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Come’‘on. I’m smelling that food you
dialog: guys have been cooking up.
text: They head inside.
scene_heading: INT. ROCKY’S HOUSE KITCHEN 95
text: The four of them eat dinner, and talk. It’s unconventional,
dialog: but a family nonetheless.
scene_heading: INT. ROCKY’S HOUSE- KITCHEN- LATER 96
text: Adonis washes the dishes, while Rocky dries them and puts
text: them away. Bianca walks over to Adonis.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: I’m gonna take off, babe. Got the
dialog: tech rehearsal early.
dialog: 97
dialog: 98
dialog: 77.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I'll drive you.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
text: Cab is already outside.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Come early tomorrow, it’s gonna be
dialog: crazy.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I‘1l come straight from workouts. I
dialog: won’t even shower.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Gross. I'll disown you...
text: She gives him a hug, and a kiss.
speaker_heading: BIANCA (CONT'D)
dialog: Bye Rocky.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Knock em dead sweetheart.
text: She playfully shadow boxes the air, then heads out.
scene_heading: EXT. PHILLY SOUL MUSIC FESTIVAL- SUNRISE NEXT MORNING 97
text: Workers drink coffee and bring equipment inside for the
dialog: concert.
scene_heading: INT. JOE HAND BOXING GYM- AFTERNOON 98
text: Marcel sits at the counter watching Rocky work out Adonis in
text: the distance and the phone rings. He answers.
speaker_heading: MARCEL
dialog: Hello... yeah... who is this? Okay
dialog: hold on.
text: Marcel heads over to the ring where Rocky watches Adonis work
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: MARCEL (CONT'D)
dialog: Rock... its the hospital on the
dialog: phone.
text: This catches Adonis’ ear. Rocky looks around and sees
text: everyone’s concern. He heads over to the phone and picks it
dialog: up.
dialog: 99
dialog: 78.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: DR. SHAHANI
dialog: Mr. Balboa, this is Dr. Shahani-
dialog: would you be able to stop by today?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: What’s up?
speaker_heading: DR. SHAHANI
dialog: It would actually be better if you
dialog: came in to talk with us in person.
text: Rocky looks over at his camp for a beat.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL - EXAMINATION ROOM - DAY 99
text: Rocky, wearing street clothes, sits in the consultation room.
text: Dr. Shahani sits across from him.
speaker_heading: DR. SHAHANI
dialog: Well, we went through your test
dialog: results. And the neurological tests
dialog: came back as I had expected. But
dialog: your MRI and blood tests came back
dialog: showing signs of Hodgekins
dialog: lymphoma.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: What’s that do?
speaker_heading: DR. SHAHANI
dialog: Well Hodgekins is a very rare form
dialog: of cancer.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Cancer?
speaker_heading: DR. SHAHANI
dialog: The good news is, we caught while
dialog: there is still a chance... We’ll
dialog: have to remove the tumor in your
dialog: lymph nodes, and start chemotherapy
dialog: immediately.
text: Rocky takes all of this in for a beat, while Dr. Shahani
text: continues the prognosis. He stands up, grabs his coat.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Chemo- my wife tried that stuff.
dialog: Didn't work out so good for her.
dialog: 100
dialog: 79.
speaker_heading: DR. SHAHANI
dialog: Mr. Balboa... I’d like to go over
dialog: our options for treatment. Come up
text: with a plan of action.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Thanks, but I gotta go.
speaker_heading: DR. SHAHANI
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Gotta go. I’m very busy, Dr.
speaker_heading: DR. SHAHANI
dialog: Mr. Balboa, we caught this early
dialog: enough that with treatment, you
dialog: still have a very good chance of
dialog: recovery. Without it, you have less
dialog: than a 5% chance.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Got commitments. Can’t do it now.
text: Rocky puts his coat on, and opens the door.
speaker_heading: DR. SHAHANI
dialog: Wait, at least take these. It has
dialog: information on your diagnosis, and
dialog: options for treatment...
text: Rocky turns and looks at her for a beat, while holding the
text: door open. He takes the pamphlets and heads out.
scene_heading: INT. JOE HAND BOXING GYM- AFTERNOON 100
text: Adonis and Joe Hand work drills. Rocky reenters the ring as
text: they finish up the round. Adonis walks over to him.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: What they say? You good to go?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Low iron. Gave me some pills- no
dialog: problem.
text: Adonis punches his gloves together, excited. Joe hands Rocky
text: the focus mitts, as the buzzer starts for a new round. He and
text: Adonis go at it with the drill.
dialog: 101
dialog: 102
dialog: 80.
scene_heading: INT. JOE HAND BOXING GYM- LOCKER ROOM 101
text: Rocky gets ready to head into the showers, towel around his
text: waist. He sits his clothes down on the bench and goes into
dialog: the shower area.
text: Adonis and Amir come into the locker room, laughing, but
text: exhausted. They go over to their perspective lockers. Adonis
text: looks down at Rocky’s coat, hanging on the hook- notices the
text: pamphlets sticking out.
text: He picks them up and starts to read them.
scene_heading: INT. JOE HAND BOXING GYM- LOCKER ROOM- MOMENTS LATER 102
text: Rocky enters the room to get his jacket, and notices Adonis
text: waiting on him, staring him down.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: This shit foreal?
text: He pulls out the pamphlets. Rocky snatches them from him and
text: throws them in the trash.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Don’t worry about that.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Don’t worry?! I thought you said
dialog: the tests came back good.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: What does it matter how the tests
dialog: came back. You got Porter coming
dialog: up, and can’t afford to get
text: distracted.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: To hell with Porter. When do you
dialog: start treatment?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: I’m not doing no treatment.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: You wanted me with ya trainin ya,
dialog: and I appreciate that. But you
dialog: gotta live ya own life. Don’t worry
dialog: about mine, not at all.
dialog: 103
dialog: 81.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: You don’t do the treatment, this
dialog: will kill you. You fine with that?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: It’s alright!
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: What? How is it alright? Why would
dialog: anybody say that?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Cause dying is easy; Cause living
dialog: the way I do, is very hard.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: What do you mean, living the way
dialog: you do?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Look around. Anybody who every
dialog: loved me, anybody who ever knew me,
text: is gone. Mickey, Apollo, Adrian,
dialog: Paulie, I got my son, who I haven't
dialog: seen in years. It’s like I was
dialog: listening to some good song and it
dialog: ended before it was suppose to. And
dialog: I’m still dancin. I got nothing to
dialog: hang around for.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I’m still here...
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: So what? You just showed up! You
dialog: don’t know me! You’re just some
dialog: fighter, you’re not family to me.
text: This cuts Adonis deep. He takes off brushing past Rocky, who
text: watches him leave, then puts his face in his hands for a
text: beat. He then pushes the locker, open handed- HARD. Again,
dialog: and again.
scene_heading: EXT. JOE HAND BOXING GYM- DUSK 103
text: Adonis walks out of the gym, distraught. He puts his hands to
text: his head not knowing what to do, so he takes off jogging out
text: of frame. We hold for a few beats, and Rocky comes out
text: looking for him. He’s nowhere to be found.
dialog: 104
dialog: 105
dialog: 106
dialog: 107
dialog: 108
dialog: 109
dialog: 82.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKY’S HOUSE- NIGHT 104
text: Rocky walks out of the front door looking for Adonis. He
text: opens the door and sticks his head in.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Kid?
text: A UPS LADY walks up behind Rocky, with a package for him. He
text: turns and takes it, looking at it with suspicion.
scene_heading: EXT. PHILADELPHIA- NIGHT 105
dialog: Series of shots
text: Adonis jogs the familiar route. Several miles through the
text: city of Philadelphia. Tears in his eyes.
text: He arrives at the museum steps and sprints up them without
text: hesitation. He gets to the top, lays down on his back, and
text: passes out.
scene_heading: INT. BACKSTAGE PHILLY SOUL CONCERT- NIGHT 106
text: Bianca, wearing leggins and a beautiful top, paces behind the
text: stage, getting ready to perform. She peeks out at the crowd,
text: looking to see everyone getting seated.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM STALL 107
text: On Bianca- having a panic attack. She pukes into the toilet,
text: wipes her mouth, takes some deep breaths, and pulls out her
text: cellphone and calls a number.
scene_heading: INT. ROCKY’S HOUSE- ADONIS’ BEDROOM- NIGHT 108
text: Adonis’ cellphone buzzes on his bed. “BIANCA CALLING” flashes
text: on the screen.
scene_heading: INT. BATHROOM STALL- CONTINUOUS 109
text: Bianca talks into the phone, leaving a message.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Hey, you here yet? I’m freaking out
dialog: over here... I gotta see you before
dialog: I go on. I guess I'll keep trying
dialog: you.
dialog: 112
dialog: 113
dialog: 83.
text: Bianca hangs up. She starts dialing again.
scene_heading: EXT. MUSEUM STEPS-— NIGHT 110
text: Adonis, still asleep on his back. A SECURITY GUARD wakes him
text: up. Adonis takes a deep breath in, and looks around. Slowly
text: realizing where he is. He looks down at his phone and fear
text: flashes over his face.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Shit! Shit!
text: He takes off running down the steps and hails a cab.
scene_heading: EXT. PHILLY SOUL FESTIVAL 111
text: We open close on Bianca’s face. She’s looking off into the
text: crowd, where Adonis is nowhere to be found. The music starts,
text: and she starts singing, and she struggles... She looks into
text: the crowd for a beat, then starts again.
scene_heading: EXT. PHILLY SOUL MUSIC FESTIVAL- ENTRANCE- NIGHT 112
text: A cab pulls up on the street corner of the club, and Adonis
text: hops out.
scene_heading: EXT. PHILLY SOUL MUSIC FESTIVAL-VIP SECTION 113
text: Rihanna plays on stage as Adonis cuts through the sizeable
text: crowd towards the VIP section where we see Bianca and a few
text: other musicians standing by the large metal fold up chairs
text: behind metal fencing.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: (screaming over the music)
dialog: Bianca! Bianca!
text: Bianca sees him, and looks at him for a beat, before turning
text: her back and disappearing deeper into the crowd. Two Security
text: Guards head over to the Adonis.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Say bro, my girl is back there.
speaker_heading: SECURITY GUARD
dialog: No standing over here bro...
text: The Security Guard firmly pushes Adonis against his chest.
text: Adonis knocks his hand away. And looks towards where Bianca
dialog: disappeared to.
dialog: 114
dialog: 84.
text: He rushes the gate, in an attempt to get past the guards, and
text: one of them bear hugs Adonis across the neck. Adonis slips
text: out, and punches him in the nose, dropping him.
text: The Security Guard, his nose bleeding, picks up a folding
text: chair. More guards run over to Adonis, grabbing him and
text: punching him SMASH! One brings the folding chair right to the
text: side of Adonis’ face. Adonis falls as a guard pulls out
text: handcuffs.
scene_heading: INT. ROCKY’S HOUSE- ROCKY’S BEDROOM- NIGHT 114
text: Moonlight streams into the bedroom, where Rocky lies atop the
text: bed, half awake, half sleep. The house phone RINGS on his
text: night stand, and he rolls over to answer it.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Yeah...
text: Rocky listens to the other end of the phone. He sighs deeply.
scene_heading: INT. PHILADELPHIA CITY JAIL- HOLDING CELL- NIGHT 115
text: Adonis sits in a solitary holding cell looking through pale
text: bars. His face shows the signs of picking a fight with 2,000
text: lbs of security and a metal folding chair.
speaker_heading: COP (0.S.)
dialog: Right over here...
text: He looks up towards the door as we hear the door buzz.
text: We cut to the reverse to see Rocky standing outside the bars,
text: with a COP (40’s, Italian American) who keys open the holding
text: cell. Rocky walks in and closes the door behind him.
text: Rocky walks over and sits down next to Adonis on the bench.
text: The two are silent for a beat. Rocky looks around at the
dialog: room.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: They fixed this place up; use to be
dialog: just one big cell. Very crappy.
dialog: Maybe twenty upset guys in there at
dialog: the same time. It got tense ina
dialog: sense.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: What are you doing here?
dialog: 85.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: I know a few people, they say your
text: friend’s downtown.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I’m not your friend. You're just a
dialog: trainer to me, remember?
text: This stings Rocky a bit.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: You need to stay away from me man.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: What are you talking about?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Something about me. I fuck
dialog: everything up.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Kid, that’s crazy talk.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: It’s true. My mom don’t talk to my
dialog: grandma because of me. My dad got
dialog: locked up soon as I was born...
dialog: anybody who I ever get involved
dialog: with, I fucked their lives up.
dialog: Thought it'd be different out here.
dialog: Thought it'd be me you, and Bianca,
dialog: for years. Make our own family.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: It was never about one fight for
dialog: me. It was about 20 fights, 20
dialog: years, day in day out. Us living,
dialog: making memories. I never had that.
text: Rocky reaches out to pat Adonis on the shoulder.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Don’t touch me.
text: He knocks Rocky’s hand away.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Just leave, man.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Kid...
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Get outta here!
dialog: (standing up)
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 118
dialog: 86.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Get your old cripple ass outta
dialog: here. We aint family. You let my
dialog: real family die.
text: This cuts Rocky to the core. Rocky stands up and stares
text: Adonis down for a beat. Then heads towards the bars.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: You got so much anger inside, kid.
dialog: It makes you train hard. It makes
dialog: you fight hard in the ring. But
dialog: anger is poison. You can only run
dialog: on it for so long, before it
dialog: destroys you. But love... If you
dialog: fill your heart up with love, you
dialog: can fight forever. You're too hard
dialog: on yourself. You got so much good
dialog: inside.
text: Rocky turns and walks out of the cell, while Adonis sits
text: alone, with only the sound of the bars slamming to comfort
dialog: him.
scene_heading: EXT. PHILADELPHIA MORNING SKYLINE 116
text: The sun rises over the city.
scene_heading: INT. MICKEY’S GYM- MORNING 117
text: Fighters preparing to work out look at the television, where
text: SPORTSCENTER is on the screen. The ANCHOR runs down the
dialog: morning’s news.
speaker_heading: ESPN ANCHOR 2
dialog: In boxing news light heavyweight
dialog: contender Adonis “Creed” Johnson,
dialog: was arrested late last night after
dialog: his involvement in a brawl at the
dialog: Union Transfer Music Club.
dialog: Reportedly no charges are being
dialog: filed against Johnson, who was not
text: intoxicated at the time. Neither
dialog: Johnson nor hit trainer Rocky
dialog: Balboa could be reached for
dialog: comment.
scene_heading: INT. PHILADELPHIA CITY JAIL- HOLDING CELL- DAY 118
text: Adonis stands up by the door, and a different COP (30s
text: Hispanic, Female) unlocks the bars.
dialog: 87.
speaker_heading: LADY COP
dialog: Let’s go, Johnson. You’ve been
text: bailed out.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Balboa?
speaker_heading: LADY COP
dialog: No. Some lady.
text: Adonis quickly pops up out of his seat at this news.
scene_heading: 119 EXT. PHILADELPHIA CITY JAIL-— DAY 119
text: Adonis, excited, walks outside of the doors and sees Lisa on
text: the sidewalk, arms crossed, staring him down.
scene_heading: 120 EXT. PHILADELPHIA STREET 120
text: Adonis and Lisa walk and talk.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: A part of me always knew this day
dialog: was coming.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: You got it honest.
text: Adonis looks at Lisa.
speaker_heading: LISA (CONT'D)
dialog: I wanted to be a fighter too. I
dialog: think if daddy hadn’t had died, I
dialog: would definitely have gotten into
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Really?
text: She nods.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: But I haven’t been able to watch a
dialog: match since.
text: Adonis takes this in.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Why didn’t you ever tell me that.
dialog: 121
dialog: 88.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Why do you think?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: So how bad is it, with Balboa?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: If he gets chemo, he has a chace...
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: But he doesn’t want to...
text: Adonis nods. Lisa shakes her head.
speaker_heading: LISA (CONT'D)
dialog: Of course not... That old macho
dialog: shit is what got Daddy killed. You
dialog: gotta talk to him.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I did. It was hard enough getting
dialog: him to go to the hospital and get
dialog: checked up.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: You have to put it in terms that he
dialog: understands...
dialog: They stop.
speaker_heading: LISA (CONT'D)
dialog: You talk to mom?
text: He shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Have you?
text: She shakes hers.
speaker_heading: LISA
dialog: Something we can agree on now, I
dialog: guess.
text: Adonis smiles.
scene_heading: EXT. PHILADELPHIA AIRPORT- DEPARTURE- SUNSET 121
text: Lisa and Adonis embrace. And Adonis watches as Lisa goes
text: through the glass sliding doors. He jumps back into the cab,
text: and it pulls off.
dialog: 122
dialog: 123
dialog: 124
dialog: 89.
scene_heading: EXT. ROCKY’S HOUSE- NIGHT 122
text: Adonis walks up the steps and keys into the front door.
scene_heading: INT. ROCKY’S HOUSE- KITCHEN 123
text: Rocky sits at the dinner table, eating pasta and salad. He
text: looks up as Adonis enters the door and walks in. There is a
text: beat of silence between Rocky and Adonis.
text: Rocky gets up, and walks over to the cabinet and grabs a
text: bowl. He puts some salad into it, some pasta, and then sits
text: it down on the table. Adonis sits down and starts eating.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I’m not training if you don’t get
dialog: treatment.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Eat. You look like you lost five
dialog: pounds.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Can’t be taking orders from a
dialog: quitter. You can’t throw the towel
dialog: in to this cancer shit.
dialog: Rocky thinks on this.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: What makes this different than any
dialog: of your other fights?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: If I fight, you fight.
text: Rocky takes a long beat. And nods.
text: Adonis extends his closed fist towards Rocky. Rocky punches
dialog: it, and they eat.
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL-— CONSULTATION ROOM- DAY 124
text: Rocky and Adonis sit across from Dr. Shahani
speaker_heading: DR. SHAHANI
dialog: Dr. Warren is going to walk you
dialog: through the procedure.
text: Rocky nods.
dialog: 125
dialog: 90.
speaker_heading: DR. WARREN
dialog: So we'll be putting you under
dialog: general anaesthesia, and removing
dialog: the tumor from right here. Now once
dialog: we're in there, if we see any other
dialog: questionable tissue, we will remove
dialog: that too.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: DR. WARREN
dialog: As soon as possible.
text: Rocky looks on at the CT Scan. Adonis standing beside him.
scene_heading: INT. RECOVERY ROOM- AFTERNOON 125
text: Rocky wakes up, hooked up to IVs in the dim room. He looks
text: over, and sees Adonis sitting in the corner looking back at
dialog: him.
text: Rocky stiffly sits up, and starts pulling at his IVs, as if
text: he’s trying to leave.
text: Adonis springs up.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Chill, chill, chill. It’s all good.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Did you get your workout in?
text: Adonis shakes his head.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I stayed.
text: Rocky feels at his neck. There is a large bandage on the side
dialog: of it.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: They get it all?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I don’t know. They said they’11l
dialog: come and talk to us about it when
dialog: you wake up.
text: Rocky starts feeling around his bed again.
dialog: gl.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Chill out man, what you looking
dialog: for.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Jacket... my jacket.
text: Adonis reaches over to the chairs and grabs Rocky’s coat. He
text: hands it to him. Rocky digs in it and pulls out his
dialog: stopwatch.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Let’s go, pushups, burpies, sit-
text: ups, shadow box super-sets.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Let's go!
text: Adonis looks at him like he’s fucking crazy.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Right here?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: You think Porter aint working out
dialog: right now? You think he doesn’t
dialog: want to dismember you in front of
dialog: his people?
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Go!
text: BEEP. Rocky hits the stopwatch. Adonis obliges.
speaker_heading: START MONTAGE
text: Adonis works out at Joe Hand’s with Amir. Rocky sits ina
text: chair, ringside still bandaged on his neck.
text: Rocky gets hooked up to the chemotherapy machine. Two large
text: IV's hooked up to his arm. On the other side of the room,
text: Adonis sets up a standing speed bag, and a standing body
text: dummy. He installs a pullup bar in the door jam.
text: Adonis works out, while Rocky receives treatment
text: Adonis helps Rocky, weakened from the chemo session to the
dialog: van.
text: Adonis lifts weights in the gym.
text: Adonis hauls massive bags of fertilizer in Rocky’s backyard.
text: Rocky, bed ridden from the treatment, sits in bed, Adonis
text: sits in the chair next to him. They watch tape on Porter.
dialog: 126
dialog: 92.
text: Adonis holds Rocky as he vomits into the toilet.
text: Adonis collapses while lifting bags of fertilizer. He stays
text: down on all fours for a beat, then gets back up, and lifts
dialog: it.
text: Rocky, having lost a bit of weight, wearing his hat, body
text: bag, and gloves stands in the ring with Adonis, working him
text: through blinding fast drills. Amir and Joe Hand, stand on
text: either side of Adonis, throwing punches that Adonis parrys.
text: Adonis jogs through North Philly. Several young black kids
text: come out, and follow him. A group of Dirt bike riders follow
text: suit, popping wheelies as a salute to Adonis. A young kid
text: drives up next to Adonis on a mini- bike. Adonis, nearing
text: the end of his route, takes off at full speed. The kid
text: smashes on the gas. And all of the dirt bikes and ATV’s catch
text: up and slow down to keep right along Adonis, who is sprinting
text: now. They arrive at the gym and the bikers circle around
text: Adonis, some even shadow box with him, others with each
dialog: other.
speaker_heading: END MONTAGE
scene_heading: INT. HOSPITAL WAITING ROOM- DAY 126
text: Adonis and Rocky sit, Rocky in a hospital gown. They watch
text: tape of Porter on Adonis’ iPad.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: His defense is so tough, you gotta
dialog: stay patient kid, get him to come
dialog: to you.
text: On screen, Porter is picking his opponent apart. The door
text: opens, and Dr. Shahani enters.
speaker_heading: DR. SHAHANI
dialog: How are you feeling?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Worse body shots I ever tool. Don’t
dialog: recommend it, but thanks Doctor.
speaker_heading: DR. SHAHANI
dialog: Well you should be feeling better
text: now, and just in time. A bunch of
dialog: us here at the hospital are getting
dialog: the fight next weekend. We feel
dialog: apart of the team! When do you guys
dialog: take off?
dialog: 93.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Tomorrow.
speaker_heading: DR. SHAHANI
dialog: So exciting... Well let’s get you
dialog: going for this catscan.
text: Adonis looks down at video, just in time to see Porter knock
text: his opponent out, cold.
text: Dr. Shahani walks Rocky out.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Hey Unc.
text: Rocky turns around.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: Think I can do this?
text: Rocky takes a long beat.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Yo you ever heard that story about
dialog: the guy who said, “I Can” and the
dialog: guy who said, “I Can't"?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Naw, how’s it go.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: They were both right.
text: Adonis smiles at this. Rocky heads out of the door.
scene_heading: 127 INT. ADONIS’ APARTMENT HALLWAY 127
text: Adonis knocks on the door to Bianca’s apartment.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: I’m gonna need you to not come over
text: here unannounced.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I just wanted to apologize.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Okay.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I didn’t mean to let you down.
dialog: 94.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: What you meant to do don’t matter.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Look, Uncle Rock’s got cancer.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: I found out right before your show,
dialog: and I freaked out. It’s why I
dialog: didn’t make it in time.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Jesus. How bad is it?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: It’s bad. Putting him through a
dialog: whole round of chemo, and
dialog: radiation.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Tough son of a bitch is fighting,
dialog: still has every hair left on his
dialog: head.
text: Bianca shakes her head.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: I’m sorry to hear that.
dialog: (beat)
dialog: Make sure you send him my love.
text: She starts to close the door.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: B.
text: She stops.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: What do I gotta do? To get you to
dialog: forgive me.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: It’s my fault for letting you in.
dialog: For putting so much in whether or
dialog: not you show up. I can’t forgive
dialog: myself for that. You’ve got alot
dialog: going on. And I’m gonna focus on
dialog: mine.
text: Adonis takes this in, as Bianca closes the door.
dialog: 128
dialog: 129
dialog: 130
dialog: 131
dialog: 95.
scene_heading: INT. BIANCA’S APARTMENT 128
text: Bianca leans up against the other side of the door, holding
text: back tears.
scene_heading: INT. ADONIS’ APARTMENT HALLWAY- CONTINUOUS 129
text: Adonis knocks on the door.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Bianca... open the door...
text: He sighs, and leans on it with his palms placed high. He
text: steps back and pulls an envelope out of his pocket. Then
text: slides it under the door.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: That's everything you need to get
dialog: out to Liverpool in there. It would
dialog: mean a lot to me and Unc if you
dialog: could make it. But if not, promise
dialog: me you’ll at least watch.
text: He waits for an answer from the other side of the door, and
text: receives none. He heads off.
scene_heading: INT. BIANCA’S APARTMENT 130
text: Bianca leans up against the other side of the door and
text: listens to Adonis leave, holding back tears.
scene_heading: INT. PHILADELPHIA INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT 131
text: Adonis, Rocky and their team stand in the boarding gate of
text: the airport. Adonis holds his cellphone to the side of his
text: face, looking towards the escalator.
text: Joe Hand, Marcel and Amir are preparing to board, looking
text: back at Adonis.
text: Adonis, frustrated, hangs up the phone. He starts to dial
text: again when Rocky touches him on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: We gotta roll, kid. Plane aint
dialog: gonna wait for us.
text: Adonis looks back to his phone.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: She needs time, that’s all.
dialog: 132
dialog: 133
dialog: 96.
text: Adonis puts his phone back into his pocket and boards the
dialog: plane with the group.
scene_heading: EXT. LONDON INTERNATIONAL AIRPORT 132
text: We track a large international commercial airplane from
text: underneath as it lands on the runway, we then boom up to
text: reveal the London Skyline.
scene_heading: INT. LONDON CONVENTION CENTER- PRESS CONFERENCE 133
text: Porter's camp sits at he press conference table on one side,
text: while Rocky, and Adonis sit on the other.
text: Several reporters clamor for attention and have intense
text: questions for Adonis and Rocky.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 1
dialog: Porter can we expect any more
dialog: fireworks at the weigh in?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: I’ve been doing a lot of anger
dialog: management. And learning how to
dialog: turn the other cheek, and whatnot.
speaker_heading: HOLIDAY
dialog: I just gotta make sure he unlearns
dialog: all of this before Sunday morning.
text: The crowd laughs.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 2
dialog: Balboa, there are rumors
dialog: circulating back in the states
dialog: about your health, some sources
dialog: saying that you have been diagnosed
dialog: with a serious health issue.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Yeah, it’s called ageing. Very
dialog: contagious, so watch out.
text: The crowd guffaws.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 3
dialog: I here has been questions raised
dialog: about the odd nature of having a
dialog: 5am start time, in order to
dialog: maximize pay per view profits in
dialog: the states. Could you both speak to
dialog: how that might affect you.
dialog: 97.
text: Adonis looks at Porter, a bit unsure if he should go first.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: If anything it’s an advantage for
dialog: me, because it’1ll be normal fight
dialog: time where I’m from.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: It’s simple for me. 5 in the
dialog: morning is just as good a time for
dialog: an ass whoopin as any other.
text: Adonis leans over and mean mugs Porter, who isn’t even
text: looking at him.
speaker_heading: REPORTER 4
dialog: What about the contrast between you
dialog: two, you the experience, the rags
dialog: to riches background, vs. Johnson's
dialog: overnight success.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Well I wouldn’t-
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Everybody's path is different. Some
dialog: people have it better than others.
dialog: My grandfather was a fisherman. His
dialog: grandpa was the heavyweight
dialog: champion of the world. Some people
dialog: get things handed to them, while
dialog: others have to earn it... Next
dialog: question.
text: The two fighters stare daggers at each other.
speaker_heading: REPORTER
dialog: There’s a lot of talk about legacy
dialog: in this fight. Can you guys speak
dialog: to that.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Well-
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Legacy is an interesting term. I
dialog: feel that most great boxers have a
dialog: common one. We all come from the
text: struggle. Creed, Balboa, Porter.
dialog: I’m carrying that tradition better
dialog: than anybody. I’m the Rocky of this
dialog: generation. I’m the Creed. It’s
dialog: right here. Look no further. And
dialog: you won’t have to come fight night.
dialog: 134
dialog: 98.
text: Porter gets up, stares daggers at Adonis, and leaves.
scene_heading: INT. LIVERPOOL HOTEL- ADONIS’ ROOM 134
text: Adonis closed off, wearing headphones, shadow boxes into the
text: hotel mirror. A KNOCK! at the door. Adonis opens it, to find
text: Rocky outside holding a large white box. He passes it to
dialog: Adonis.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: What’s this?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: I don’t got X-Ray vision. Open it
dialog: up.
text: Adonis sits the box down atop the hotel bed. He quickly tears
text: it open. Adonis pulls out a pair of AMERICAN FLAG BOXING
text: SHORTS with an insignia that reads CREED..
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Are these...
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Your grandmother sent them to me,
dialog: before we left Philly. You’1ll want
dialog: to try ‘em on. I had to get them
dialog: taken in quite a bit.
text: Adonis tosses them up and down in his hands. He notices a
text: white card inside the box, he pulls it out and we see that it
text: reads WIN in Mary Anne’s regal handwriting.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Also, win or loose, I need you to
dialog: do me a favor when we get back to
dialog: Philly.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Anything.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: You promise?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: For sure. What’s up?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Don’t worry about it. Just wanted
dialog: to make sure we were locked in
dialog: before the fight. You might be mad
dialog: at me tomorrow, I don’t know.
dialog: 135
dialog: 136
dialog: 137
dialog: 138
dialog: 99.
text: Adonis laughs.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: (motions to the restroom)
dialog: I’m gonna go in there and try these
dialog: on...
scene_heading: INT. LIVERPOOL HOTEL- ADONIS’ BATHROOM 135
text: Adonis slips the trunks on. They fit perfectly. He admires
text: them in the mirror for a bit the size of the moment, the
text: figurative weight of the shorts he now wears, hits him and
text: he’s overwhelmed.
text: The hotel phone ring from inside the bathroom.
scene_heading: INT. LIVERPOOL HOTEL- ADONIS’ ROOM 136
text: Rocky walks over to the hotel phone and picks it up.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Hello... this is Rocky... Oh hey...
dialog: you call to wish us luck?
text: Rocky's face changes, and he sits down on the bed.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Okay... Okay... Thanks.
text: Rocky hangs up the phone and thinks for a long beat.
scene_heading: INT. BIANCA’S APARTMENT 137
text: Bianca, her cellphone pinched between her shoulder and her
text: ear, talks into it while frantically packing a small bag.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Yeah, I’1l be out of my concert at
text: about midnight. There is a flight
dialog: at 12:45? Amazing.
scene_heading: INT. INTIMATE PHILADELPHIA CONCERT VENUE 138
text: It is a modest club, but the crowd is at capacity. Bianca
text: finishes up a solo ballad, killing it. Her eyes open and she
text: scans the crowd, as she finishes, watching them clap. Her and
text: the band, head off stage.
dialog: 139
dialog: 140
dialog: 141
dialog: 142
dialog: 143
dialog: 100.
scene_heading: INT. INTIMIATE PHILADELPHIA CONCERT VENUE- BACKSTAGE 139
text: Bianca and the band get backstage, The crowd can be heard
text: chanting, “ENCORE, ENCORE, ENCORE”
speaker_heading: MANAGER
dialog: You guys have to go back out. A
dialog: couple more songs.
text: Bianca looks down at her phone.
scene_heading: EXT. CONCERT VENUE 140
text: Bianca frantically jumps into a taxi cab, with her carry on
text: luggage. It looks as if she ran straight from the stage.
scene_heading: INT. PHILADELPHIA AIRPORT- MOMENTS LATER 141
text: Bianca runs through the airport as fast as she can move with
text: her rolling luggage. She comes up to the gate just as the
text: flight attendant closes the door.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Wait!
text: The attendant ignores her. Bianca looks around, in panic
dialog: mode.
scene_heading: INT. PHILADELPHIA AIRPORT- MOMENTS LATER 142
text: Bianca talks to a flight attendant behind a desk.
speaker_heading: AIRLINE AGENT
dialog: Our best bet would be to put you
text: standby on a flight to manchester.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: That's fine, I just have to get
dialog: there, you don’t understand.
text: The agent, continues to search through options for Bianca.
scene_heading: EXT. ANFIELD STADIUM- DAY 143
text: Adonis, Rocky and camp arrive at the stadium. Security is
text: getting in place for the match and Adonis and Rocky get out
text: of the car and look at massive entrance of the iron gates.
dialog: 144
dialog: 145
dialog: 146
dialog: 147
dialog: 148
dialog: 149
dialog: 101.
scene_heading: EXT. ANFIELD STADIUM- NIGHT 144
text: The parking lot is full, and the exterior of the stadium is
text: alive with the electricity of a soccer match. Rowdy fans
text: swarm the doors.
scene_heading: INT. ANFIELD STADIUM- VISITOR'S LOCKER ROOM- NIGHT 145
text: Adonis, Apollo shorts and a modest robe rolls his neck,
text: warming up. Rocky, Joe, and Amir sit in chairs behind him.
scene_heading: INT. ANFIELD STADIUM- HOME LOCKER ROOM 146
text: Porter shadow boxes into the mirror, Holiday watches through
dialog: the reflection.
scene_heading: INT. ANFIELD STADIUM- VISITOR'S LOCKER ROOM 147
text: Rocky laces his gloves his hands moving slowly.
scene_heading: INT. ANFIELD STADIUM—- HOME LOCKER ROOM 148
text: Holiday wraps the tape around Porter’s glove, with expert
text: precision. When done, Porter stands, Holiday sticks out his
text: hand, and Porter punches it, hard. He turns to Junior, and G
text: close by.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Let’s give em a little action, for
dialog: good luck now.
text: Junior smiles and pounds his father’s gloves with all his
text: might, top then bottom. Next, G, who does the same.
scene_heading: INT. ANFIELD STADIUM- VISITOR'S LOCKEROOM 149
text: Rocky finishes the tape on Adonis’ glove. He struggles to
text: tear the roll off... Amir sees this, and jumps in and quickly
dialog: tears it off.
text: Rocky and Adonis lock hands Adonis matches him, and they sway
text: back and forth like cobras.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: One step... one punch... one
dialog: round... one fight.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Again.
dialog: 150
dialog: 151
dialog: 152
dialog: 102.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: One step... one punch... one
dialog: round... one fight...
text: Rocky throws soft jabs at Adonis. They come slow but
text: rhythmic. Adonis ducks each one with the same rhythm.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: It’s gonna be more people than
dialog: you've ever seen before in your
dialog: life...
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: One step... one punch... one
dialog: round... one fight...
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: But they don’t matter...
text: Adonis continues saying the mantra.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: We're a long ways from home... but
dialog: that don’t matter... all that
dialog: matters is how much you want it...
dialog: And you want it more than him, kid.
dialog: I can see it in your eyes.
scene_heading: INT. CALIFORNIA MEN’S COLONY- SAN LOUIS OBISPO 150
text: Terrel, in his cell, eats dinner off a tray, across from his
text: CELLY (Black, 50s). A Corrections Officer walks up to him,
text: and motions for him to come out.
scene_heading: INT. CALIFORNIA MEN’S COLONY- SAN LOUIS OBISPO- HALLWAY 151
text: The CO leads Terrel down a hallway and opens a small room for
dialog: him.
scene_heading: INT. CALIFORNIA MEN’S COLONY- SAN LOUIS OBISPO 152
text: Terrel walks inside the rec room, to find a chair sitting
text: across from a small TV, with the fight on. He nods at the CO,
text: who nods back, and closes the door. He walks over and sits
dialog: down.
dialog: 153
dialog: 154
dialog: 155
dialog: 156
dialog: 157
dialog: 158
dialog: 159
dialog: 103.
scene_heading: INT. CLABSADDLE HOUSE 153
text: Daryl and the kids sit on the couch watching cartoons. He
text: sneaks off to Adonis’ room, where the fight is already cued
dialog: up.
scene_heading: INT. CREED MANSION- LIVING ROOM- NIGHT 154
text: Mary-Anne her tumbler next to her on the side table looks on
text: at the pay per view broadcast of the match.
text: The Door Bell rings. She opens the door to find Lisa. Who
text: walks straight to the couch and sits down in front of the
text: television. Mary Anne thinks for a beat, then goes and sits
text: down next to her.
scene_heading: INT. ANFIELD STADIUM- VISITOR'S LOCKEROOM 155
text: Adonis continues to run drills with Rocky. The door opens in
text: the locker room, and a STADIUM STAFF MEMBER waves at them.
speaker_heading: JOE HAND
dialog: It’s time.
scene_heading: INT. ANFIELD STADIUM- VISITOR'S TUNNEL 156
text: Adonis walks into view slowly, Rocky behind him, slower than
text: we've seen him. His hand rests on Adonis’ shoulder for
dialog: balance.
text: Joe Hand, Amir, and Marcel walk out as well. The entire camp
text: a ball of nerves but they hide it well. Adonis’ INTRO MUSIC
text: plays. It is the song Bianca made for him.
scene_heading: INT. MANCHESTER AIRPORT 157
text: Bianca is going through customs. The lines are massive.
scene_heading: INT. BULLET TRAIN 158
text: Bianca looks at the time on her phone, then stares out of the
text: window of the train.
scene_heading: INT. ANFIELD STADIUM- VISITORS LOCKER ROOM 159
text: Adonis, Rocky and camp are walking through the entrance
text: tunnel, and now approaching the stadium ramp. Stone faced,
text: walking in unison at a slow pace.
dialog: 160
dialog: 161
dialog: 104.
scene_heading: INT. ANFIELD STADIUM 160
text: It’s a sea of Red Liverpool FC jerseys and some of the fans
text: are wearing face paint. They boo, but the sound system drowns
text: most of it out.
speaker_heading: ROCK
dialog: It’s your night kid. This is what
dialog: it’s all about.
text: They arrive at the ring. Adonis bounces. He looks out and the
text: reality of the size of the stadium sets in.
scene_heading: ADONIS’ POV FROM THE RING
text: 40,000 screaming fans. The stadium is open up top, over the
text: ring. Clouds circle overhead- a modern day Roman Coliseum,
text: fit to feed gladiators to lions.
dialog: BACK TO SCENE
text: Rocky limps over to Adonis, places his hand on his shoulder.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: You freaking out?
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Yeah.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Very normal. First title fight, I
text: almost passed out.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: What’d you do to stay cool?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Faked it. Like everybody does.
text: Adonis nods. He throws some punches. Stay loose.
text: Music starts, and the ENTIRE STADIUM SINGS “YOU'LL NEVER WALK
text: ALONE”- the Liverpool F.C. Anthem.
scene_heading: INT. ANFIELD STADIUM- HOME TUNNEL 161
text: Porter enters the stadium, with G sitting on his shoulders
text: wearing a title belt, Holiday to his left, and Junior to his
text: right holding a belt in the air. Around him seems to be at
text: least 40 of his friends and at least 10 championship belts.
text: The crowd is deafening.
dialog: 162
dialog: 105.
text: Porter springs into the ring. His entourage floods into the
text: ring and all of them stare down Adonis.
text: Porter immediately comes out of his robe and we see his
text: trunks, Red and Gold, a skirt with an English flag over it.
scene_heading: INT. RING- ANFIELD STADIUM- MOMENTS LATER 162
text: Adonis and Porter in the middle of the ring, alone, the
text: REFEREE pulls them in. He talks in a thick Scouse accent.
speaker_heading: REFEREE
dialog: Watch the hits below the belt, make
dialog: sure you guys honor my commands,
dialog: honor each other. We’ll make it a
dialog: good fight, make it a hard fight,
dialog: sound good?
text: Both fighters nod.
speaker_heading: REFEREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Go’on and touch em’ up.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Nice shorts. Too bad your grandpa
dialog: ain't here to fight for ya. I’m
dialog: gonna send you home, boy.
text: Adonis’ eyes tighten in anger. Before he can respond Porter
text: sprints back to his corner. Adonis retreats to his.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Move your feet! Use the jab to keep
dialog: him off of you!
text: Adonis nods, the sound of the stadium fades out. DING DING.
text: The fight begins.
text: Porter closes the gap on Adonis at a near sprint, he’s fast,
text: and quickly sends two jabs at Adonis’ body, both connect.
text: Adonis tries to counter, but Porter parries, and steps,
text: pinning Adonis against the ropes. He goes to the body again
text: then swings a hook, that Adonis ducks and then grabs him.
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: Don’t hold on too tight ol’ boy.
dialog: I’m just getting started.
text: The Referee breaks up the hold.
dialog: 163
dialog: 164
dialog: 106.
speaker_heading: PORTER (CONT'D)
dialog: Come here mate. A little closer so
dialog: you can learn a thing or two..
text: Adonis moves in slowly, when WHAM!, a lightning fast jab
text: lands flush. Adonis stumbles, but before he can regain his
text: balance Porter sends a left hook, Adonis ducks just in time.
text: He pops an uppercut to Porter’s body, but Porter blocks and
text: slams Adonis with two more jabs before he knows what hit him.
text: THE “10 SECOND CLAPS” SOUND as Adonis retreats, but Porter
text: cuts him off, and sends a barrage of punches at Adonis’ head.
text: Adonis blocks most but when the round dings, but Porter slams
text: him across the face with a left hook.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: C'mon, that’s after the bell!
text: The Ref signals that it was simultaneous. Adonis’ corner is
dialog: furious.
scene_heading: INT. ADONIS’ CORNER 163
text: Adonis heads back to the corner, completely shaken up.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: (to Joe)
dialog: Give me the ice, give me the ice!
text: Joe hands Rocky an ice pack, he slaps it over Adonis’ head
text: while the guys work on him.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: (out of breath)
dialog: He’s fucking fast!
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: We knew that. We watched the tape
dialog: but you’re still just watching.
dialog: Okay? Don’t watch, take the fight
dialog: to him!
scene_heading: INT. PORTER’S CORNER 164
text: Holiday pours water into Porter’s mouth. The rest of the team
dialog: isn’t doing much, because “Pretty” Ricky is still just that-
text: Adonis hasn’t so much as touched him.
speaker_heading: HOLIDAY
dialog: Don’t play around with this kid? I
dialog: want you to put him away. Don’t
dialog: care that it’s early. Put him down.
dialog: 165
dialog: 166
dialog: 107.
scene_heading: INT. ADONIS’ CORNER 165
dialog: Rocky gives Adonis water.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: He really is that fast, he really
dialog: is that good... but you know what?
dialog: You belong in this ring with him,
dialog: tonight. Go prove it.
text: He puts his mouthpiece back in. The bell sounds.
scene_heading: INT. RING- ANFIELD STADIUM-— CONTINUOUS 166
text: The fighters approach each other quickly. Adonis dodges a
text: couple punches then cages up, putting his hands over his face
dialog: and body to protect.
text: Porter pounds Adonis’ body. A hard left connects with Adonis’
text: ribs, causing Adonis’ mouthpiece to pop out. A thunderous
text: right hook connects with Adonis’ jaw. Sending his mouthpiece
text: flying. He fakes the left hook, then hits Adonis with a right
text: hook over the eye, opening his stitches.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
text: Johnson is hurt.
text: The ref slides in to save Adonis, and he stumbles over to
text: grab his mouthpiece and replace it.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER 2
text: Johnson is saved by loosing his
text: mouthpiece. He looks to be out on
text: his feet.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
text: That gash above his left eye is
dialog: leaking. Look for Porter to start
dialog: attacking that side.
text: Adonis smiles at Porter.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Let’s go! Is that all you’ve got?
dialog: Let's go!
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: (smiling back)
dialog: I got plenty more.
text: The ref gives them the clear sign.
dialog: 108.
text: Porter approaches, Adonis sways, like a cobra. He drops his
text: hands, Ali style, baiting. Porter comes in, WHAM! Adonis
text: sends a lightning fast jab that slips between Porter’s hands
text: and catches him in the face. Porter stumbles back.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
text: Whoa. Johnson lands his first punch
dialog: of the night on Porter.
speaker_heading: ANNOUCER 2
dialog: Yeah but it’s gonna have to take a
dialog: lot more than that.
text: Adonis comes back in on Porter and goes on the attack-
text: Adonis throws combos, every third punch seems to land right
text: on target. Hard. Adonis dodges Porter’s counter punches
text: Adonis swings a left jab to the body. CRACK! A hard right to
text: the bridge of Porter’s nose, opens him up.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Porter’s hit, he looks to be cut!
text: Porter bobs back but stays on his feet, Adonis gets greedy,
text: and swings wildly. Porter ducks and hits Adonis with a
text: straight shot, that sends down to the mat.
text: The crowd erupts.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Get up!
text: The referee counts. Adonis bounces back to his feet.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: First knockdown of the night for
text: Porter, but Johnson is back on his
dialog: feet. We’re gonna see a little more
dialog: of this dynamite round 2.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (CONT’D)
dialog: Thank God for that. This was just
dialog: getting good.
text: The ref stops and checks with Adonis. Adonis straightens up.
text: “10 SECOND CLAPS” sound. Porter’s wound bleeds over his eye.
text: The fighters go right back at each other. Adonis is nicked
text: with an uppercut to the chin, but comes back with two hard
text: straights to Porter's face.
dialog: 167
dialog: 109.
text: The Bell sounds but Porter punch catches Adonis, who throws
text: another set. They continue to box until both camps clear the
text: corners and jump into the ring to break them up.
text: During the commotion Rocky is pushed down to the mat. Adonis
text: sees Rocky fall and snaps.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Let’s go, I ain't worried about the
dialog: bell. Let’s do this right now!
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: (smiling)
dialog: I'm right here, mate. Don’t let
dialog: those chumps hold ya back!
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Take the gloves off! Fuck the bell!
dialog: You gonna catch my fade!
text: The two groups successfully get the fighters back to their
text: respective corners, but Adonis fumes.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: These two guys are trying to
dialog: destroy each other.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER 2
dialog: Something has flipped here. Not to
dialog: sound cliche but this just became
dialog: and all out war. It’s gonna come
dialog: down to who wants it more.
text: Replays are shown of the devastating hits the two fighters
dialog: delivered to each other.
scene_heading: INT. ADONIS’ CORNER 167
text: Rocky, hurting from the fall, keeps his composure and pulls
text: Adonis’ mouthpiece out of his mouth.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: You okay?
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: I’m good, but I’m gonna have a
dialog: heart attack if you don’t keep your
dialog: damn hands up, kid.
text: Marcel, goes to work on his eye, trying to stop the bleeding.
dialog: 110.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: You see, you made him bleed. None
dialog: of that Pretty Boy stuff matters.
dialog: You get him to move his hands, and
dialog: you stick him. You do that enough
dialog: times, and he goes down just like
dialog: anybody else!
scene_heading: 168 INT. PORTER’S CORNER 168
text: The Cut Man struggles to put petroleum jelly on the gash on
text: Porter’s nose.
speaker_heading: HOLIDAY
dialog: I told you not to play around with
dialog: him? What did I say now?
speaker_heading: PORTER
dialog: I’m gonna bash his head in.
speaker_heading: HOLIDAY
dialog: You’re gonna go back to what got us
dialog: here, is what you’re gonna do. I
dialog: don’t want you going shot for shot
dialog: with this kid, his right is too
dialog: strong. Protect yourself, keep him
text: at a distance and score face and
text: body. When he looses his patience
dialog: and comes at you, make him pay!
speaker_heading: 169 ADONIS’ CORNER 169
text: Joe and Amir jump out of the ring. Adonis’ wound still isn’t
text: all the way closed up.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: It’s okay to get mad. Use it, but
dialog: stay in control. Remember, one step
dialog: at a time.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
text: One punch at a time... One round at
dialog: a time.
speaker_heading: DING, DING.
text: Adonis and Porter exchange blows, with Porter consistently
dialog: getting the best of Adonis.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Another solid combination landed by
text: Porter... a surgeon in the ring.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: 170
dialog: 171
dialog: 172
dialog: 111.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (CONT'D)
dialog: He’s picking the novice fighter
dialog: apart.
text: BELL SOUNDS A RING girls holds up a card for round 5.
speaker_heading: ADONIS’ CORNER 170
text: Rocky places the ice pack on Adonis’ head.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Then put your hands up. You gotta
dialog: protect yourself.
scene_heading: INT. RING 171
text: A Ring Girl holds up ROUND 7.
text: Adonis, against the ropes, dodges machine-gun like assault
text: from Porter, his hands drop, Porter connects flush with an
text: uppercut, and a bodyshot. Another jab to Adonis’ face,
text: causing blood to flow from his left eye.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER 2
dialog: Johnson is in big trouble now.
text: The bell rings. Adonis knocks his own gloves together in
text: frustration. He face swelling.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
text: It’s like watching reruns of the
text: same fight, over, and over, and
dialog: over again. It’s Porter just
dialog: dismantling Johnson.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER 2
dialog: Early on, we thought we were in for
dialog: something special, but Porter is
dialog: settling into that rare form, and
dialog: just like he has proven time and
dialog: time again, no one still has found
dialog: the answer to that defense.
speaker_heading: ADONIS’ CORNER 172
text: Adonis is swollen and bleeding badly. The cut man sticks a
text: large cotton ball up his nose, and Adonis winces in pain.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER
dialog: Johnson’s corner is really in
dialog: trouble over there.
speaker_heading: (MORE )
dialog: 173
dialog: 112.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER (CONT'D)
dialog: If they can’t stop that bleeding,
dialog: they’re gonna have to cancel this
dialog: fight.
speaker_heading: ANNOUNCER 2
dialog: What we’re seeing right now, is the
dialog: difference between someone who's
dialog: good, and someone who’s great. It’s
dialog: that simple.
text: The Ring Girl Holds up a sign for ROUND 11.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: I don’t know what you’re doing kid.
dialog: But you’re killing me.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
text: I can slip him. He’s slowing down.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: You can’t let him get you up
text: against the ropes again, every time
dialog: you try to slip, he gets you up
dialog: against them. He’s pounding you.
dialog: You gotta take them to the body.
scene_heading: INT. RING- ANFIELD STADIUM- MOMENTS LATER 173
text: Porter has Adonis against the ropes, Adonis ducks a hook from
text: Porter and delivers a nasty straight shot followed by a bone-
text: crunching hook to the body. The hook doubles Porter over, he
text: ties up. While tied up, Adonis throws body shots to the same
text: spot. He breaks loose, Porter ducks down, and their heads to
text: collide. The wound above Adonis’ left eye opens up even more.
text: Adonis stumbles back in pain. The ref runs up to Adonis.
speaker_heading: REFEREE
dialog: You okay?
text: Adonis nods, grimacing, blood flowing into his left eye . The
text: Referee turns to Porter.
speaker_heading: REFEREE (CONT'D)
dialog: That’s a warning.
text: The fight resumes. Porter’s in attack mode. Adonis, who can
text: barely see dodges the first couple, but some connect. Porter
text: pounds away at his left glove, working the cut. DING DING
text: Adonis is saved by the bell.
text: Adonis’ corner is furious, shouting at the Ref.
dialog: 174
dialog: 175
dialog: 176
dialog: 177
dialog: 178
dialog: 179
dialog: 113.
scene_heading: INT. STADIUM RINGSIDE 174
text: Bianca, following a stadium escort, runs down to her ringside
text: seat. She sees Adonis’ condition and tries to run past the
text: ring security, who stop her.
speaker_heading: BIANCA
dialog: Rocky! Rocky!
scene_heading: INT. RING 175
text: Rocky snaps his head around and sees Bianca.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Let her through! She’s with us! Let
dialog: her through!
scene_heading: INT. STADIUM RINGSIDE 176
text: The security turns to Rocky, and obliges. Bianca runs up to
text: ringside gate, just out of reach.
scene_heading: INT. ADONIS’ CORNER 177
text: Adonis’ cut is in bad shape. They work on it. Rocky bends
text: down to talk to him.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Look at me... look at me!
dialog: (Adonis looks up at Rocky)
dialog: Look who made it...
text: Rocky turns Adonis’ head towards Bianca. Adonis looks at her,
text: and his eyes grow wide with recognition.
scene_heading: INT. RINGSIDE 178
text: Bianca is moved to tears by the condition of his face. She
text: covers her mouth to try to hide it.
scene_heading: INT. RING 179
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Hey...
text: Rocky turns his head back to the fight.
dialog: 114.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: She’s here because she loves you.
dialog: I’m here because I love you. Your
dialog: family back home loves you. You've
dialog: got nothing else to prove. Nothing
dialog: to prove to me, nothing to prove to
dialog: yourself. I’m gonna stop this
dialog: fight.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Don’t. Let me finish-
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Just finishing ain’t worth it!
dialog: (beat)
dialog: I lied to you last night... It was
dialog: the hospital that called.
text: Adonis’ eyes grow wide.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: They say they found more...
text: Adonis winces at this. It’s too much for him to take right
dialog: now.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: I never got to tell Apollo thank
dialog: you, for what he did for me. He
dialog: gave me a title shot, when I was a
dialog: piece of shit leg breaker, he
dialog: trained me after Mickey died. But
dialog: those gifts were nothing compared
dialog: to you, kid. You showed me how to
dialog: fight again... Gave me something to
dialog: look forward to. And I’m gonna go
dialog: home and fight this thing. Just
dialog: like I been doing. But if I fight,
dialog: you fight! Now if you tell me all
dialog: you want to do is finish, to prove
dialog: something to yourself, goddamn it,
dialog: I‘1l throw this towel in right
dialog: now...
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: No!
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: So you're telling me you’re gonna
dialog: go back in there and knock that son
dialog: of a bitch out?
text: Adonis nods.
dialog: 180
dialog: 115.
speaker_heading: ROCKY (CONT'D)
dialog: Say it!
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: (out of breath)
dialog: I’m gonna knock that son of a bitch
dialog: out.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: It’s three minutes! One punch at a
dialog: time. All your pain, all your love.
dialog: Turn it loose kid, don’t hold
dialog: anything back.
speaker_heading: REFEREE (0.S.)
dialog: Times up. Let’s go.
text: Adonis stands up, battered and bruised, left eye closed.
text: ADONIS’ POV-Porter stands at his corner, barely in focus.
text: Porter’s face wounded, but confident. He’s been here before.
speaker_heading: DING, DING!
scene_heading: INT. RING- ANFIELD STADIUM-— CONTINUOUS 180
text: The two fighters approach each other slowly. Adonis drops his
text: gloves baiting Porter. He beckons Porter with his right hand.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: Come on!
text: Porter comes in swinging, quick left jabs, Adonis parries
text: them all, and bounces back. He taunts Porter again.
speaker_heading: ADONIS (CONT'D)
dialog: You the champ, right? Come show me!
text: Hands dropped, Porter leads with Jabs. Adonis dodges;
text: counters with a straight right to Porter’s nose and a left
text: hook to Porter’s right temple, cutting him again.
text: Adonis, smelling blood, attacks. Rapid fire head shots at
text: Porter; it has digressed into a street fight.
text: Porter regains his balance, then matches Adonis intensity.
text: The two men swing wildly at each other.
text: Adonis lands another punch. Porter ties him up, blood
text: spilling on Adonis’ shoulder. Adonis pushes him off hard,
text: sending Porter back to the middle of the ring.
dialog: 116.
speaker_heading: HOLIDAY
dialog: Stay away from him! Stay away and
dialog: win out the bloody round!
text: Adonis bangs his gloves together, and Porter bangs his
text: together in response. Both men ready to brawl to the finish.
text: Porter throws hard jab which lands, but Adonis un-phased,
text: leans in and throws a left hook; Porter ducks, but it lands
text: on the crown of his head; Adonis follows with a right cross
text: right to Porter’s face. It connects flush, hard, sending
text: Porter to the mat in a heap.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: LET'S GO!
text: The ref moves a still screaming Adonis and counts.
speaker_heading: REFEREE
dialog: One... Two... Three...
text: Porter, on his hands and knees, tries to shake himself back
text: to his senses, blood leaking from his face onto the mat.
speaker_heading: REFEREE (CONT'D)
dialog: Four... Five... Six...
text: He pushes up from the ground to his feet. He shakes his head
text: off again, opens his eyes wide for the ref to take a look.
speaker_heading: REFEREE (CONT'D)
dialog: You good to go?
text: Porter nods convincingly. The Ref lets it continue.
text: Holiday screams his head off at Porter.
speaker_heading: HOLIDAY
dialog: Keep away from em’ Ricky!
text: Porter ignores Holiday. He looks at Adonis with a lion’s
text: eyes. They charge towards each other.
text: Adonis leads in with a haymaker, Porter ducks it and tags him
text: with one of his own, sending Adonis stumbling back into the
text: ropes. Porter attacks Adonis while he is off balance.
text: It looks bad for Adonis, until he SLIPS a haymaker ducks low,
text: pivots, leaving Porter’s left side wide open;
text: Adonis unleashes a vicious four hit combination to Porter's
text: head and face LEFT-RIGHT-LEFT-RIGHT sending Porter off the
text: ropes and crumpling to the mat like a rag doll.
text: The Ref sprints to stop the fight.
speaker_heading: 181
dialog: 117.
speaker_heading: SERIES OF SHOTS
text: -Mary- Anne and Lisa going nuts.
text: -Kayla and Daryl watching at home, running around like crazy.
text: -Terrel watching in the Rec room, overjoyed.
dialog: BACK TO ANFIELD
text: The crowd is raucous. Adonis raises his hands in celebration-
text: joy- exhaustion. Bianca hurdles the gate and jumps into the
text: ring, overjoyed. Both corners clear out. Rocky and Joe dash
text: in the ring, run up to Adonis embracing him. They can’t
text: believe it. As the usual post-fight crowd of officials and
text: reporters bombard the ring. The two fighters embrace. Adonis
text: breaks away, Bianca on one side, Rocky on the other, holding
dialog: him up.
speaker_heading: RINGSIDE ANNOUNCER
dialog: And your winner, by way of
text: Technical Knockout. Adonis “Creed”
dialog: Johnson!
speaker_heading: MAX KELLERMAN
dialog: A year ago, you were sitting ina
dialog: Los Angeles dorm room. Now you
dialog: stand before us a World Champion.
dialog: Walk us through what was going
dialog: through your head tonight...
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: (out of breath, fractured)
dialog: I just wanted to show my loved ones
dialog: (long beat)
dialog: who I am.
text: Adonis looks up to the sky, points to the heavens. He leans
text: on Amir and Joe Hand. A faint chant in the crowd can be made
text: out, and starts to pick up volume.
speaker_heading: ROCKY
dialog: Listen to em’.
scene_heading: STADIUM ATTENDEES
scene_heading: CREED... CREED... CREED... CREED
text: Adonis looks around the stadium and sees the standing
dialog: ovation.
scene_heading: EXT. PHILADELPHIA MUSEUM STEPS- SUNRISE- ONE WEEK LATER 181
text: The long flight of stairs. A Rocky’s van pulls up. Adonis and
text: Bianca hop out, dressed in street clothes.
dialog: 182
dialog: 183
dialog: 118.
text: Small white bandages on his face cover his wounds. He opens
text: the passenger door and helps Rocky, who wears a gray sweat
text: suit, and black beanie. He is slower and a bit thinner- he
dialog: has started the chemo treatments again.
text: Rocky balances himself with his left hand on Adonis’ right
text: shoulder. They stand at the foot of the steps. Rocky takes a
text: deep breath. One step at a time...
scene_heading: EXT. PHILADELPHIA MUSEUM STEPS- MOMENTS LATER 182
text: The two are about halfway up the steps. Sweat has built up
text: around Rocky’s neckline, his feet weigh a ton. He stops,
text: turns away from Adonis, frustrated. He puts his hands over
text: his eyes. Adonis puts his hands around his shoulder.
speaker_heading: ADONIS
dialog: (sotto voce)
dialog: You got this... come on...
text: Rocky gathers himself with Adonis’ help, and they continue.
scene_heading: EXT. PHILADELPHIA MUSEUM STEPS- THE TOP- MOMENTS LATER 183
text: Adonis and Rocky take the last step up to the top plaza.
text: Rocky completely out of breath, smiles. He pats Adonis on the
text: back, and walks towards the center of the plaza. Adonis
text: gives him his space and looks down at Bianca, who leans up
text: against the car and smiles at them.
text: Rocky takes a couple more steps and smiles, he turns around
text: to face the city below, and raises his arms in victory.
text: CUT TO BLACK.
dialog: 
