dialog: Cross of Iron (1977)
dialog: by Sam Peckinpah
dialog: More info about this movie on IMDb.com
dialog: 
scene_heading: FOR EDUCATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY
dialog: 
speaker_heading: FADE IN
speaker_heading: THE CREDITS:
text: Which are SUPERIMPOSED OVER a SCENE of almost unnatural
text: beauty. A thickly wooded forest which practically shut out
text: the sunlight. All is not serene however. SHOTS RING Out --
text: and we are privy to a running battle between a German patrol
text: and a band of Russian soldiers. It is a desperate fight --
text: and several bodies fall. we see the faces of several men
dialog: whose identity we will learn later. The shooting is still
text: going on when the CREDITS come to an END. Then --
scene_heading: 1. THE SLOPE OF A HILL - DAY
text: The CAMERA is MOVING SLOWLY up the hill. The verdancy of
text: the hill, the intermittent clusters of daisies and dandelions
text: are evidence of the season -- late Spring. Now the crest of
text: the hill is in sight; above it a patch of blue sky is
text: visible. The mood is pastoral, peaceful.
text: The CAMERA reaches the crest -- and suddenly a pair of highly
text: polished boots almost fills the SCREEN. The CAMERA comes
text: to an abrupt HALT. Then SLOWLY, the CAMERA PANS UP from the
text: boots to take in a carefully tailored German officer's uniform
text: and then the face of the German officer -- CAPTAIN STRANSKY.
text: It is a longish face with a high forehead and light blue
text: eyes. It is a face that gives an impression of extreme
text: forcefulness, an impression underlined by the thin - lipped
text: mouth and angular chin. His hair is white at the temples,
text: emphasizing by contrast the healthy tan of his face.
text: At the moment, Captain Stransky is gazing through a stereo-
text: telescope. His expression is grim. Behind the Captain
text: stands LIEUTENANT MEYER, a youngish, good-natured face.
text: However, it is apparent from his expression that he has
text: no great liking for his Captain. His lips are tight as
text: the Captain moves the knobs of the telescope with long thin
text: fingers. Captain Stransky straightens up, locks back at
text: Lieutenant Meyer, whose expression quickly changes to one
text: of impassivity. Stransky, whose demeanor is angry, says
text: nothing, but turns to peer again through the telescope.
scene_heading: 2. VIEW THROUGH TELESCOPE WHAT CAPTAIN STRANSKY SEES
text: A patch of woods, about a square mile in area.
scene_heading: 3. MED. SHOT STRANSKY AND MEYER
text: Stransky straightens up.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Incredible -- sheer stupidity.
dialog: Those woods should have been
text: cut down or destroyed by fire.
speaker_heading: MEYER
dialog: Excuse me, sir, but we retreated
dialog: too hastily for any such luxury.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: I disagree. It was an irreparable
dialog: oversight, and I shall send a report
dialog: to that effect to Regiment.
dialog: (looks at the woods,
dialog: reaches for cigarette case )
dialog: Do you think the Russians are
dialog: already in those woods?
dialog: (offers Meyer a cigarette)
speaker_heading: MEYER
dialog: Thank you. We'II know soon enough.
text: Corporal Steiner is on a recconnai
dialog: sance patrol.
text: Stransky drops his cigarette butt, steps on it.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Reconnaissance patrols have a way
dialog: of not returning.
speaker_heading: MEYER
dialog: Steiner will be back.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: I did not ask your opinion Herr
dialog: Meyer.
text: Meyer says nothing. We can see that he regrets his impu
text: dence. With a mixture of anxiety and curiosity, he waits
dialog: to see what will happen next.
text: The ANGLE WIDENS to TAKE IN a PRIVATE who walks up to the
text: Captain, salutes.
speaker_heading: PRIVATE
dialog: Captain Stransky? Lieutenant
dialog: Colonel Brandt Would like to see
dialog: you at headquarters.
text: Stransky nods, gazes sharply at Meyer, walks off, the
text: CAMERA TRUCKING with him. All about him are SCENES of
text: great activity. MEN are digging bunkers and preparing
text: positions. SHOUTS fill the air. As Stransky passes,
text: he is greeted by salutes which he acknowledges with the
text: briefest of nods.
scene_heading: 4. EXT. REGIMENTAL BUNKER
text: An armed GUARD is on duty. He salutes smartly as .Captain
text: Stransky comes INTO SCENE, returns the salute without
text: looking at the Guard, ENTERS the bunker.
scene_heading: 5. INT. BUNKER TWO OFFICERS
text: are examining a map that hangs on the wall. The older of
text: the two is LIEUTENANT COLONEL BRANDT. About fiftytwo,
text: a gaunt gray face. The younger officer is a CAPTAIN. In
text: his middle thirties, a tired expression, but his features
text: are intelligent. At the moment, he is Shaking his head.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
dialog: If our main line of resistance is
dialog: at Novorssysk, What are We doing
dialog: do@@nhere?
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: We're playing fire department.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN
text: Several hundred miles from the heart
dialog: of the fire? Does that make sense?
text: The door opens and a CORPORAL announces:
speaker_heading: CORPORAL
dialog: Captain Stransky.
text: Stransky APPEARS on the threshold.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Come in, Captain. You know my
dialog: adjutant, of course.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Of course. How are you, Captain
dialog: Kiesel?
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: Awful. Terrible. How are you?
text: Brandt laughs, Places a bottle of wine on the table.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: This might cheer you up, Kiesel.
text: Stransky inspects the label.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: My respects, Colonel Brandt.
dialog: Producing a 1937 Moselle in the
dialog: southernmost corner of Russia.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (fills glasses)
dialog: A bottle of Moselle is no more
dialog: absurd in this region than We
dialog: ourselves. Your health, gentlemen.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: I am not going to drink to my health.
dialog: My health is terrible and doesn't
dialog: deserve to be drunk to.
dialog: (holds up his glass)
dialog: To the end of the damn war.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Incidentally, Colonel, why does our
dialog: presence in the bridgehead strike
dialog: you as so absurd?
text: Brandt looks at Kiesel, then turns to Stransky.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (ignoring the question)
dialog: Captain,
dialog: Why did you ask to be trans
dialog: ferred from France?
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: Exactly what my commanding officer
dialog: in France asked me. I can't stop
dialog: you, he Said, Since I'm convinced
dialog: that without you the eastern front
dialog: would collapse in a matter of days.
dialog: Go ahead, you heroic fathead.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: (quickly)
text: I withdraw my toast to the end of
dialog: the war. To heroic fatheads
dialog: everywhere.
text: Stransky doesn't know quite how to take this, but decides
text: on a faint, icy smile.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Captain Stransky, is there any
dialog: news on Steiner?
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: No, sir, not yet.
text: Brandt shakes his head.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Incidentally, What sort is he,
dialog: Steiner?
text: Kiesel looks at Stransky closely.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: A problem....no respect, but a
dialog: first rate soldier so one looks
dialog: the Other Way.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (a short laugh)
dialog: Of course, I've only been on this
dialog: front a few days, matter of hours
dialog: actually, but I see -- rather I
dialog: sense -- a sort of -- well, it's not
dialog: exactly insubordination -- Well, let's
dialog: call it -- a lack of respect.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: If I hope into a cab which gets
dialog: into an accident because the brakes
dialog: fail, I blame the driver, not the
dialog: company he works for. I'll say
dialog: that he should have refused to drive
text: a cab with defective brakes.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: I'm not sure I know What you mean
dialog: by that.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
text: (looks at him a moment,
dialog: then easily)
dialog: I don't intend to discuss polities.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (angry)
dialog: You talk avout lack of respect --
dialog: low morale..... it goes hand in hand
text: with impending defeat.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Defeat? I refuse to admit that
dialog: possibility.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: We'll, said, Captain.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: I don't believe that the German
dialog: soldier --
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: The German soldier!
dialog: (laughs mirthlessly)
dialog: In the early years they saw the
text: retreating backs of the Russians
dialog: too often to be frightened by his
text: face now. The replacements, on
dialog: the other hand, think every Russian
text: is an infallible fighting machine.
dialog: I feel damn sorry for our poor land
dialog: sers.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (frigidly)
dialog: In the present state of our nation,
dialog: such talk borders on treason. I
dialog: am a soldier and as such it is my
dialog: duty to subordinate my own ideas
dialog: to the interests of my country.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
text: (Smiles easily as he
dialog: lifts glass)
dialog: We are still doing our duty,
dialog: Captain Stransky.
text: Stransky, his face white, glares at Kiesel.
text: The PHONE has been RINGING. Brandt picks it up with a
dialog: Snap.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Yes? -- What? -- Good, Meyer.
dialog: Wonderful. What sort of shape
dialog: are they in? -- I see.
dialog: (hangs up)
text: Lieutenant Meyer. Steiner is back.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Naturally, I'd like to talk to him.
dialog: I intend to promote him to Senior
text: Sergeant on the spot.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: (wryly)
dialog: Most generous of you.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (saluting)
dialog: If you'll excuse me.
text: Brandt nods. Stransky LEAVES. There is a moment's silence.
scene_heading: 6. CLOSE SHOT BRANDT AND KIESEL
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Well, what do you think of our
dialog: Captain?
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: (a moment's thought)
dialog: Must have the most expensive
dialog: tailor in Berlin.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: And, of course, he won't rest until
dialog: he gets the Iron Cross.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: (toasts)
dialog: Gets...... not earns?
text: Brandt, who has lifted the wine bottle, finds it empty.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Oh, to hell with Stransky and
dialog: the Iron Cross. And you, too,
dialog: Kiesel.
text: They smile at each other grimply.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVETO:
scene_heading: 7. LIEUTENANT MEYER
text: Pacing back and forth in a trench, outside of a bunker
text: door. Occasionally he steals a glance at a group of men
text: who are slumped in various indolent positions on the floor
dialog: of the trench.
text: 8. FULL SHOT THE GROUP OF MEN
text: The CAMERA PANS SLOWLY from face to face. There are
text: nine men in the group (all will be identified later indi
text: visually). At the moment, all look exhausted, dirty and
text: somewhat disgusted. The men, with the exception of two,
text: PASTERNACK and ANSELM, are in the same age range (about
text: 25 to 30). Pasternack and Anselm are younger. SCHNUR
text: BART is distinguished by a heavy beard. KRUGER by a
text: tough weather beaten visage. DORN has the look of an
text: intellectual. STEINER'S extreme gauntness is what catches
text: the eyes. His face is expressionless. The others,
text: MAAG, HOLLERBACH and KERN are nondescript, runofthemill
dialog: faces.
text: Meyer walks past the men in silence. They do not pay too
text: much attention to him. Several are smoking cigarettes.
text: Meyer looks toward the bunker. The CAMERA, following his
text: gaze, MOVES TOWARD the bunker.
scene_heading: 9. INT. BUNKER LIEUTENANT TRIEBIG
text: is seated at the table. He is a very young, very handsome,
text: officer. An orderly. KEPPLER, is busy at a hot plate with
text: a coffee pot. He, too, is very young. After a moment --
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: Is it very hot? Captain Stransky
dialog: won't stand for anything but hot
dialog: coffee.
speaker_heading: KEPPLER
dialog: It is practically scalding, sir.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: Good.
speaker_heading: KEPPLER
dialog: Is there anything else you wish,
dialog: sir?
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: Not at the moment.
text: As Keppler starts out:
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: Just a minute. You can keep me
dialog: company for awhile. I really
dialog: hardly know you. Sit down some
dialog: where.
text: Keppler looks around uncertainly. Triebig is sitting in the
dialog: one and only chair.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: Sit on the bed. Are you always
dialog: so timid?
speaker_heading: KEPPLER
dialog: (with a shaky Smile)
dialog: No.
text: He perches on the extreme edge of the narrow bed. Triebig
text: studies him. Keppler's habitual expression is one of
text: helplessness, accentuated by a mouth he keeps permanently
text: slightly open.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: Where do you come from?
speaker_heading: KEPPLER
dialog: Frankfurt, sir.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: Is that so? I know Frankfurt quite
dialog: well.
dialog: (sits on the cot
dialog: beside Keppler)
dialog: If you get along with me, you'll
dialog: have a good life here. You may go
dialog: now. Come to my bunker tonight
dialog: and arrange my gear.
speaker_heading: KEPPLER
text: (jumping enthusiastically
dialog: to his feet)
dialog: Yes, sir. When shall I come, sir?
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: Don't come too early. Around ten.
dialog: We'll have a chance to talk.
dialog: Do your best and I'm sure I shall
dialog: be satisfied with you.
text: Keppler salutes and GOES.
scene_heading: 10. EXT. BUNKER
text: as Triebig COMES OUT. The men are watching Keppler as he
text: WALKS OFF.
scene_heading: 11. MED. SHOT SCHNURRBART AND ANSELM
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: Not a very robust type, would you
dialog: say?
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: (the youngest of the
dialog: group)
dialog: Well, Schnurrbart, you're so excessively
dialog: masculine, it evens things up.
text: The CAMERA PANS to Triebig. He seems to sense what the men
text: are thinking. A bit disconcerted, he turns to Meyer.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (sardonically)
dialog: Do you think we can get them to
dialog: Stand at attention when the Captain
dialog: gets here?
speaker_heading: MEYER
dialog: (grins)
dialog: I don't know, Lieutenant. I'll put
dialog: it up to them, man to man.
text: There is some half hearted laughter from the men. Steiner
text: is noticeably quiet.
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: I'm not getting up till they want
dialog: my Signature On the Peace Treaty.
text: But he gees someone approaching, and slowly he starts to
text: his feet.
scene_heading: 12. STRANSKY
text: approaching the trench. In the b.g. the men CAN BE SEEN
text: reluctantly getting to their feet. Triebig snaps to attention
text: as Stransky comes in.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (a Smart salute)
dialog: Captain.
text: Stransky, barely nodding to Triebig, looks over the men, no
text: discernible expression on his face. Finally --
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Which one is Corporal Steiner?
text: Steiner takes a step forward, slackly comes to attention.
text: Stransky studies him -- disappointed.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: You are Corporal Steiner?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (almost nonchalantly)
dialog: Yes, sir.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I am Corporal Steiner.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: I had formed a -- somewhat different
dialog: picture of you.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (unconcern in his
dialog: face)
dialog: I'm sorry if I disappoint the Captain.
text: In the b.g. several of the men permit themselves slight
text: smiles, which fade immediately at a glance from Triebig.
text: Stransky looks at Steiner again.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: You are promoted to Senior Sergeant,
dialog: promotion to be effective at once.
text: He watches Steiner's face. It is as if he had spoken to
text: a tree. There is no surprise in Steiner's face; only a
text: slight flexing of his arms indicates that he has heard at
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: You heard me, Corporal -- Sergeant
dialog: Steiner.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Yes, sir.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Your promotion doesn't seem to have
dialog: made much impression upon you.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: No, sir.
text: There is an involuntary giggle from young Anselm. Stransky
text: glares and there is silence.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (to Lieutenants Meyer
dialog: and Triebig)
dialog: Come in -- you, too, Sergeant.
text: He starts down the steps to his bunker, Meyer, Triebig
text: and Steiner following.
speaker_heading: 13. OMITTED
scene_heading: 14. INT. STRANSKY'S BUNKER STRANSKY
text: is seated behind a table. Steiner, Meyer and Triebig,
text: slightly to the side of him, stand facing Stransky, who
text: has taken out an elaborate cigarette case. He extends
text: it to Meyer who takes a cigarette.
speaker_heading: MEYER
dialog: Thank you, Captain.
text: Stransky offers a cigarette to Steiner.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: No, thank you, Sir.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (lighting his cigarette)
dialog: After what you've been through,
dialog: you don't feel the need of a cigarette?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: No at this particular moment -- sir.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: I'm ready for your report.
text: He reaches into pocket, lays sheaf of crushed papers on the
text: table. Stransky looks at him in amazement.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: I'd like to hear the gist of your
dialog: report.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Lots of
dialog: Russians. Lots of guns.
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: We should be hearing from them very
dialog: soon.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: What about your platoon -- any
dialog: casualties?
speaker_heading: STEINER
text: Two killed. One missing.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Two killed. How?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: Bullets.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (flushing angrily)
dialog: I deduced that. That missing man --
dialog: did you look for him, Steiner?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (shrugs impatiently)
dialog: We had no time to lose. It would
dialog: have been irresponsible to risk the
dialog: safety of the entire platoon for
dialog: the sake of one man.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: There ought not to be a missing man
dialog: in Such a case.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (no expression)
dialog: Sorry, sir. I'll try to do better
dialog: next time.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (grimly; after a
dialog: moment)
dialog: I have the feeling, Sergeant, that
dialog: you somewhat overestimate your
dialog: importance.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (eyes darken; but no
dialog: change in voice)
dialog: At the moment, I am free of any
dialog: such illusions.
text: The two men look at each other; then Stransky's eyes fall
text: on the tommy gun Steiner holds in his hand.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: That's not a German gun.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: No, sir It's all in the report.
dialog: We surprised a Russian platoon --
dialog: and when they ran, they left
dialog: their guns.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Oh, captured material. Good.
dialog: Where is your gun?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: We couldn't carry both, so we left
dialog: ours.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: What! You left your guns for the
dialog: Russians!
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Yes, sir. Our guns for the Russians.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: That I cannot understand. You
dialog: must be aware that the quality of
dialog: our arms is far superior to that
dialog: of the Russians and --
text: He stops as Steiner shakes his head.
dialog: Stransky raises his
dialog: eyebrows.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: ...the Russian guns are better!
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: That is stupid, loose talk. You
dialog: have every reason to be grateful
dialog: for the fine equipment the Father
dialog: land puts into your hands at the
dialog: cost of countless sacrifices.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (cannot suppress a
dialog: mirthless grin)
dialog: I never asked then to put the stuff
dialog: in my hands,
text: Meyer looks toward heaven. Stransky takes a deep breath.
speaker_heading: MEYER
dialog: (hastily)
dialog: sir, Sergeant Steiner is greatly
dialog: in need of sleep. I'm positive
dialog: that When he --
text: Stransky cuts him short by turning his back in a gesture of
text: dismissal. Meyer motions for Steiner to follow him.
scene_heading: 15. EXT. BUNKER THE MEN
text: jump to their feet as they see Steiner and Meyer.
speaker_heading: MEYER
dialog: Be careful
dialog: he's taken strong dislike
dialog: to you.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (wryly)
dialog: Too bad. I'm crazy about him.
speaker_heading: MEYER
dialog: He can be trouble...
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (laconically)
dialog: I've survived many a battalion
dialog: commander. I'll survive Stransky,
dialog: too.
scene_heading: 16. INT. BUNKER STRANSKY AND TRIEBIG
text: at his desk, coffee cup in hand, sipping.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Dammit. This coffee is cold.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: Sorry, sir. It was heated not too
dialog: long ago
text: There is a LOUD EXPLOSION as a shell lands nearby.
text: The near miss has shaken up the bunker. Lieutenant Triebig
text: is righting a table that has overturned. Captain Stransky,
text: girm faced, is dusting off his uniform.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (placing some papers
text: on the table; feeble
dialog: smile)
dialog: Too close for comfort, I should say,
dialog: Captain.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: How many more papers are there for
dialog: me to sign?
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: Quite a few, I'm afraid.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (sitting down; crossly)
dialog: Let me have the junk.
text: As he glances through the papers and signs his name. Triebig
text: watches him with his soft eyes, the smile remaining fixed
text: on his face. As Stransky finishes signing he looks up,
text: sniffs the air, looks at Triebig rather strangely.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: That isn't perfume I smell -- is it?
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: Oh, no, Captain --
dialog: (apologetically
text: Just a bit of after shave lotion.
dialog: It -- bucks me up.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: I see.
text: He fixes his gaze upon Triebig whose
text: smile fades under the
text: scrutiny. Then, Stransky's manner changes suddenly. He
text: gestures toward a chair, tries to inject a cordial note
text: into his voice.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (offering him a
dialog: cigarette)
dialog: Where were you stationed before
dialog: you joined the battalion?
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (voice softening)
dialog: In the south of France -- Bordeaux.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Ah! Then being transferred must
dialog: have come hare, eh?
dialog: (voice casual)
dialog: Why were you transferred anyway?
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (after a moment's
dialog: Silence)
dialog: I voluntarily applied for a transfer,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (suspiciously)
dialog: How interesting.
text: There is mounting apprehension in Triebig's face as Stransky
text: regards him fixedly. Then again there is a sudden change in
text: Stransky's expression. Again it becomes friendly -- to Triebig's
dialog: great relief.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: We lived in real mansions right On
dialog: the beach. Swimming at any hour,
dialog: day or night. It was indescribable
dialog: -- the sea, the palms, the beaches,
dialog: the people, everything --
text: Overwhelmed by his memories, he stops. Stransky is surprised
text: to see him swallow with emotion.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (a knowing smile;
dialog: winks)
dialog: The women, you mean.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (raising his head@j
dialog: I beg your pardon?
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: I said, the women. I mean -- in
dialog: referring to the people -- you meant,
dialog: of course, the women?
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: Not so much that. I am -- that is--
dialog: (suddenly confused
dialog: I didn't have much time to think
dialog: about women.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (casually)
dialog: Do you like soldiering?
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (emphatically)
dialog: Certainly.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (nods patronizingly)
dialog: I'm glad to hear that.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: It's like living in an altogether
dialog: different world.
text: The Candle hag burned down. Stransky rises to light another.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: It is indeed a very different
text: world. A world of danger and a
dialog: world of men, a world without women.
dialog: (laughs; puffs, gets
dialog: thoughtful)
dialog: men can get along without
dialog: women. I tell you, man's truly
dialog: natural destiny is not to breed
dialog: children, but to be free, to rule
dialog: and fight -- in other words, to
dialog: lead a man's existence....
dialog: women are no more than a fancy,
text: a superfluous dessert.
dialog: (blows a smoke ring;
dialog: looks at Triebig)
dialog: Or do you disagree?
text: Triebig looks at Stransky in some confusion. What is Stransky
text: getting at. Then he gets a grip on himself. Intertwining
text: his fingers, he regards his thumb thoughtfully.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: I don't think I disagree, sir.
dialog: (after some
dialog: hesitation)
dialog: I think that if I have to I Can
dialog: live without women.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: I'm pleased to hear that.
text: He studies the burning tip of his cigarette; then looks up
dialog: quickly.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: In other words, you prefer the company
dialog: of a man to that of a woman?
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (greatly troubled
dialog: now)
dialog: It depends on the situation.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Really?
text: Stransky smiles. Triebig does not reply.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: If it will help you, I will put
dialog: your thoughts into words for you.
dialog: (smilebroadens)
dialog: You prefer the society of men to
dialog: that of women in any and all
dialog: situations.
text: The words hang in the silence of the bunker. Triebig re-
text: treats into himself like a snail sealing itself up in its
text: shell. He stares with mingled fear, assent and hope at
text: Stransky's face which still registers nothing but friendly
text: assent. Then, afraid silence might be interpreted as
text: agreement, he murmurs...
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: I -- don't understand, sir --
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (smiles confidentially)
dialog: Let's drop the hide and seek. By
dialog: God, Triebig, you don't have to
dialog: put up a front with me of all
dialog: people. What I said is true,
dialog: isn't it? Say yes, man, for heaven's
dialog: sake.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (with the air of a
dialog: man wanting to stop
text: himself; in a bare
dialog: whisper)
dialog: Yes.
text: Stransky springs to his feet, directly in front of him.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Speak up! You said yes. You said
dialog: yes. didn't you? Don't you dare
dialog: lie to my face.
text: At the sight of Stransky's enraged face, only a few inches
text: from his own, Triebig closes his eyes in horror. Stransky
text: shakes him.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (feebly)
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (releasing him;
dialog: stepping back)
dialog: Stand up!
text: Trembling, Triebig obeys. Slowly,
dialog: and down.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: I can assure you of this! If
dialog: I catch you trying any of that
dialog: stuff, I'll have you hanged,
dialog: remember that! Before all the
dialog: men! Do you understand that?
dialog: Do you hear me?
text: Stransky looks him up
text: Triebig is unable to answer.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Now get the hell out of here and
dialog: keep out of my sight for the next
dialog: twenty-four hours. You turn my
dialog: stomach.
text: Triebig stands immobile.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Get out!
text: For a second Triebig looks at Stransky's distorted face.
text: Then he wheels around, stumbles across the threshold I end
text: VANISHES. Stransky remains in the same spot for a moment,
text: then he fishes for a cigarette, smiles. He is satisfied
text: with the picture of the complete military, masculine image
dialog: he has presented.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVETO:
text: Steiner walking watching men digging in, goes into
text: Brandt's bunker after looking up at the sky for a long moment.
scene_heading: 17. BUNKER COL. BRANDT
text: The door opens and Steiner COMES IN. The scowl leaves
text: Brandt's face. He strides forward to meet Steiner;
text: presses his hand vigorously.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: So here are you -- unpunctual and
text: unsoldierly as ever.
text: He laughs and propels Steiner toward a chair.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (laughs)
dialog: I read your report. It's enormously
dialog: valuable. I intend to transmit it
dialog: personally to the General -- Ah,
dialog: one thing. Captain Stransky has
dialog: sent in an official complaint about
dialog: the guns. What have you to say to
dialog: that?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (stolidly)
dialog: What can I Say? I threw away German
dialog: guns to make room for Russian guns.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: The Russian guns are better. I know
dialog: it. You know it. The men know it.
text: Captain Stransky seems somewhat in
text: the dark.
text: Brandt looks at him.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: You're a fresh bastard, aren't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Brandt looks at Steiner and crumples Stransky's report. He
text: offers Steiner a cigarette.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Last month I offered to pull
dialog: you out of the line and give
dialog: you a staff post?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Yes, sir --- and I remember refusing.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: ....something about your feeling of
dialog: solidarity with your men. Well --
dialog: I renew the offer. I want you on
dialog: my staff.
dialog: No answer from Steiner.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: All right -- what's the reason for
dialog: refusing this time?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: I don't want to be dependent on
dialog: anyone -- not even a regimental
dialog: commander.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: As usual, I find it hard to under-
dialog: stand you.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: I'm sorry to hear that. A good
dialog: sgt. should be completely under-
text: stood by his superior officer.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Steiner! Are you laughing at me?
dialog: (getting up)
text: Steiner stands up and looks expectantly at Brandt, whose
text: mouth twitches.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (voice shaking)
dialog: Get out!
text: Steiner half salutes and leaves.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 18. CLOSE SHOT MAAG
text: in machine gun emplacement. Darkness has fallen. Maag is
text: looking out into the night. Suddenly, a Russian sub-
text: machine gun OPENS UP.
text: head in the dirt.
text: Maag, frightened, tries to bury his
scene_heading: 19. MED. SHOT STEINER
text: walking in the darkness. At the BURST of BULLETS, he has
text: dropped to one knee.
text: Now, there is silence again, and
text: Steiner peers cautiously into the darkness. There is
text: ANOTHER BURST of FIRE
dialog: ground. Then there is
text: quickly and bounds to
text: -- bumping into Maag,
text: BURST of BULLETS.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (shouting to be
dialog: heard)
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: MAAG
text: and Steiner stretches out flat on the
text: silence again. Steiner gets up
text: the nearest machine gun emplacement
text: who is trying to get out. Another
dialog: (stammering)
dialog: To -- get reinforcements.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Leaving your post for that?
text: He pushes Maag back into the hole. They huddle together till
text: the Russian machine guns are quiet. Then Steiner peers
text: through the loophole. A few shells WHINE through the air,
text: EXPLODE nearby.
speaker_heading: MAAG
dialog: (gasping)
text: They must be right in front of
dialog: us. In the Shell holes down
dialog: there.
text: Behind them there is the SOUND of RUNNING FEET and Schnurrbart
text: dives into the emplacement. Behind him come Kruger and
text: Hollerbach, and Lieutenant Meyer.
speaker_heading: MEYER
dialog: What's happening?
speaker_heading: STEINER
text: The big craters on
dialog: the slope are full of
dialog: Russians.
text: Meyer stands frowning for a few seconds, then:
speaker_heading: MEYER
dialog: (to Steiner)
text: Signal for a barrage. Kruger --
dialog: get the rest of the company. I'll
dialog: inform the Commander.
text: He hurries OUT. Steiner picks up the flare gun.
text: Back bent, he LEAVES the emplacement.
scene_heading: 20. MED. SHOT STEINER
text: as he reaches a position in the trench. He inserts the
text: cartridges in the flare gun. He sends up a FLARE.
text: 21. FULL SHOT SLOPE OF HILL
text: ILLUMINED by the FLARE. The dark shapes of the Russians are
text: visible in the craters. Then there is darkness -- then once
text: again the landscape is ILLUMINED. The dark shapes can be
text: seen burrowing into the ground.
scene_heading: 22. MED. SHOT STEINER
text: He is looking at his watch with bated breath. Then he smiles
text: grimly as a hollow roaring SOUNDS above his head. It swells
text: rapidly to a mighty moan and a moment later comes the heavy
text: detonation. Steiner turns as he HEARS hasty FOOTSTEPS.
text: He sees Meyer running past him toward the MG emplacement.
text: Steiner follows.
scene_heading: 23. MG EMPLACEMENT
text: as Steiner slides IN, followed by Meyer. The men of the
text: platoon are already assembled.
speaker_heading: MEYER
dialog: Commander's order. The Second
dialog: Platoon is to undertake a counter-
dialog: attack at once. You are to occupy
dialog: the craters and take as many
dialog: prisoners as possible. Sergeant
dialog: Steiner, you will command. How do
dialog: you think to proceed?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (considersbriefly
dialog: We'll attack from three sides. Kruger
dialog: from the west, Schnurrbart from the
dialog: east and I from the south. When the
dialog: firing starts We'll need artillery
dialog: support -- to keep the Russians pinned
dialog: down in the woods. I guess that's
dialog: all.
speaker_heading: MEYER
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Good in theory; let's hope it works
text: out in practice.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (smiles grimly)
dialog: It's too simple; it'll never work.
dialog: All right -- First Platoon, down the
dialog: trench till I step you.
text: With bent backs, Anselm and Pasternack in the lead, the men
text: start down the trench.
dialog: 24. TRUCK SHOT THE MEN
text: as with bent backs and faces taut with tension they proceed
text: down the trench. The CLATTER of weapons persists.
text: The men stop, look at each other -- some with frightened grins.
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: (With a nervous
dialog: laugh)
dialog: Sergeant -- could I go make a
dialog: telephone call?
text: A titter, totally Without mirth, runs through the men.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (to Kruger)
dialog: You and your boys stay here.
text: Steiner raises his arm. The rest of the men follow him.
scene_heading: 25. SPOT FURTHER DOWN TRENCH
text: as Steiner and the men come INTO VIEW. Steiner raises his
text: hand in a signal to halt. Then he peers over the trench,
text: lifts himself over, gives the signal for the men to follow.
scene_heading: 26. SLOPE OF HILL
text: We SEE the shadowy figures of Steiner and the men descending
text: the slope. When they reach the level field Steiner again
text: gives the signal to halt.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (to Schnurrbart)
dialog: You wait here. Attack in exactly
dialog: five minutes --
text: Schnurrbart looks at his watch.
speaker_heading: STEINER
text: As soon as the first shots are fired,
dialog: we'll come in. Clear?
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: (grunting)
dialog: All Clear.
text: He shakes hands with Steiner, who walks into the darkness
text: followed by Kern, Anselm and Pasternack.
scene_heading: 27. TRUCK - STEINER AND MEN
text: trudging toward a clump of woods. Suddenly, Steiner drops
text: to the ground.
scene_heading: 28. CLOSE SHOT - STEINER ON GROUND
text: The other men have wordlessly followed his example. Anselm,
text: crawling on his belly, comes INTO THE SCENE.
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: What's wrong?
text: Steiner points his head leftward. Anselm follows his gaze.
scene_heading: 29. LONG SHOTA COLUMN OF DIM FORMS
text: moving cautiously through the darkness. They are no more
text: than twenty yards away.
scene_heading: 30. STEINER AND MEN
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: Russkis! At least a hundred of
dialog: them!
text: Steiner is hesitant.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: How many men has Schnurrbart got --
dialog: a dozen? They'll run right over
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: Why don't we fire on them now?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: That may louse up the whole counter-
dialog: attack.
text: (bites his lips as
dialog: he thinks hard)
dialog: Schnurrbart probably won't even
dialog: see them coming --
text: He reaches into his belt for flares.
speaker_heading: STEINER
text: A couple of flares -- and Schnurrbart
dialog: can see he's getting visitors --
dialog: Then if we start shooting up
dialog: their rear --
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Maybe, the confusion --
text: He sends up two flares in quick succession.
scene_heading: 31. LONG SHOT - THE RUSSIAN COLUMN
text: is taken by surprise. SHOTS RING OUT, several fall.
scene_heading: 32. MED. SHOT - STEINER AND HIS MEN
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: All right -- after them. Stick close
dialog: together and don't save on hand
dialog: grenades.
dialog: (ironically)
dialog: Remember, the eyes of the entire
dialog: German nation are upon you.
text: He runs in the direction of the Russians, the men following.
scene_heading: 33. EXT. CAPTAIN STRANSKY'S BUNKER
text: The air is crackling with the SOUND of GUNFIRE and heavy
text: EXPLOSIONS. Captain Stransky comes running OUT of the
text: bunker, followed by Lieutenant Triebig. A Private comes
text: running INTO the SCENE from the opposite direction.
speaker_heading: PRIVATE
dialog: Word from Corporal Schnurrbart,
dialog: sir. The Russians have broken
text: into the trenches.
text: Triebig looks alarmed.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (to Triebig)
text: Take up positions in front of the
text: bunker with all the men attached
dialog: to staff. I'll phone the combat
dialog: train.
text: He turns and runs hack INTO the bunker.
scene_heading: 34. CLOSE SHOT - STEINER AND ANSELM
text: manning a machine gun. They are lying on the slope FIRING
text: toward the trenches.
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: We've mowing them down.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Who? Ours or theirs?
scene_heading: 35. EXT. 2ND. PLATOON'S BUNKER
text: There is the SOUND of faraway BURSTS of machine gun fire.
text: Hollerbach and Kern are helping Anselm who is limping
text: badly. Behind them are Dorn and Kruger. All look weary
dialog: and begrimed.
scene_heading: 36. INT. BUNKER
text: as they come IN.
dialog: (to Anselm)
dialog: You're a damn fool not to go to
dialog: the Field Hospital --
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: (sinking to the floor)
dialog: I'll wait until the holiday rush
dialog: is over. Otherwise, they're
text: just as likely to amputate as not.
speaker_heading: HOLLERBACH
dialog: Does anybody still have any idea
dialog: what the hell went on?
speaker_heading: DORN
dialog: (who seems dazed)
dialog: --- confusion --- confusion --
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: I couldn't see anything. When
dialog: something moved I fired at it.
dialog: Probably got as many Germans as
dialog: Russians.
speaker_heading: HOLLERBACH
dialog: Shut up!
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: Please -- a little respect for a
text: wounded man.
text: Steiner comes IN. He has a bandage on top of his head.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Kruger, what happened to you at the
dialog: signal?
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: I was Clearing Out the craters --
dialog: then I heard the firing from your
dialog: direction --
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: I was wondering if you were waiting
dialog: for a formal invitation.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: You know what you can do with your
dialog: fuckin' sarcasm. I saved your ass.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Oh, did you? Well, you know what
dialog: You can do with my --
scene_heading: 37. MED. SHOT. AT ENTRANCE TO BUNKER
text: as Stransky and Triebig come IN. The men start to come to
dialog: attention.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (curtly)
text: At ease.
dialog: (to Steiner)
dialog: That was a bad business. You know
dialog: half of 2nd Company was put out of
dialog: action?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Yes, Sir. Our platoon was hit, too.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Why didn't the plan go according to
dialog: schedule?
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: We didn't think that --
scene_heading: 68. CLOSE SHOT - STEINER
text: He is now close enough to the beach to
text: stand. He takes an
text: uncertain step or two to stand, then he falls, his face
text: down in the water. He makes no effort to rise -- allowing
text: himself to slide deeper and deeper into the water. Suddenly
text: Gertrud's hands come INTO THE SCENE, grip Steiner's feet,
text: pull him back.
scene_heading: 69. MED. SHOT - GERTRUD AND STEINER
text: Struggling for breath, he lies on the ground.
text: Steiner turns over on his back and looks at her. There is
text: rage and shame on his face. The blood starts streaming down
text: his face again. He tries to sit up. She tries to support
text: him and he knocks her arm back.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: If you don't leave me alone I'll
dialog: smash --
text: He stands up, takes a few steps to meet the incoming surf,
text: bends, scoops up a handful of water, washes the blood from
text: his face.
text: Then he turns and sees that Gertrud has retreated a few feet
text: up the beach, and stands watching him. The wind is blowing
text: her skirt close to her thighs.
text: He looks at her a moment, then, CAMERA TRUCKING with him, he
text: makes his way to her side. Gertrud looks at him steadily.
text: Suddenly he seizes her. She struggles, wordlessly. Steiner
text: forces her to the ground. With one swift movement he pulls
text: her blouse from off one shoulder.
scene_heading: 70. CLOSE SHOT - STEINER AND GERTRUD
text: She has stopped struggling. His face is close to hers.
text: There is no resistance in her expression, but neither is
text: there compliance. She looks steadily into his eyes as
text: if there is a battle of wills. Roughly Steiner grabs her
text: shoulders. Suddenly, he releases her, stands up. He
text: watches her as she slowly sits up, rearranging her clothing.
text: He stares at her without Speaking. Then --
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (in a low voice)
dialog: Why did you follow me?
text: She doesn't answer. He shakes his head slightly.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Nurse Gertrud.
dialog: keep your humanitarian
text: paws off drunken men. It might be
dialog: misunderstood.
speaker_heading: GERTRUD
dialog: (breathing heavily
dialog: You'reinsane.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (laughs harshly)
dialog: We are all insane.
dialog: (he makes a tiny,
dialog: mocking bow)
dialog: goodnight.
text: He walks toward the blackness of the garden. Gertrud turns
text: to watch him until He is no longer in sight.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 71. HALL - REST HOME - STEINER
text: has just reached his bedroom door He is about to go in,
text: when he stops, hesitates. Then he walks slowly to the next
text: door, leans forward, listening. He glances up and down the
text: hall, then Slowly depresses the latch.
scene_heading: 72. INT. DARK BEDROOM
text: A streak of LIGHT coming through a space afforded by the
text: blowing curtains. As Steiner COMES IN, we SEE Inge's shape
text: sitting up in bed.
speaker_heading: INGE
dialog: Who's there?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (Closing the door
dialog: behind him)
text: Three guesses.
text: Inge, her long nightgown trailing around her ankles,
text: him in the darkness.
speaker_heading: INGE
dialog: Leave my room at once.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Out of character, but very nicely
dialog: said. Don't worry; I just wanted to
dialog: ask you if you have any aspirin.
dialog: approaches
text: Inge comes two steps Closer, looks at him. She hesitates.
text: As she turns toward the door, he grips her shoulders and
text: holds her tightly.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Were you going to turn on the light?
speaker_heading: INGE
dialog: Yes.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (feeling along her
dialog: arms)
dialog: You don't need any light, take my
dialog: word for it.
text: Pretending to struggle, she manipulates the nightgown off her
text: right shoulder, a maneuver not lost upon Steiner.
speaker_heading: INGE
dialog: Let me go. I'll scream. I will
dialog: scream.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Naturally, you'll scream.
text: She closes her arms tight around his shoulders. When she
text: tries to kiss him he turns his face aside. He picks her
text: up and as he carries her toward the bed:
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 73. LONG SHOT - SUNRISE
text: framed in a window. CAMERA PULLS BACK to the interior of
text: Inge's bedroom. Inge is lying in bed. Steiner is sitting
text: on the edge of the bed, his back to Inge, looking out the
dialog: window.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Funny -- you boasted about your view
dialog: of the sunset. I prefer the sunrise.
text: Inge laughs. She sits up, throws her arms around his chest.
speaker_heading: INGE
dialog: You know -- never once last night did
dialog: you say my name.
dialog: (strokes his chest)
dialog: Don't you like my name?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Why shouldn't I like it?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Up to this moment I've never met a
dialog: girl named Inge. At least not in
dialog: bed.
text: Inge laughs. When Steiner makes a move to get up, she holds
dialog: him tighter.
speaker_heading: INGE
dialog: Where are you going?
text: He pulls himself loose, walks to where his shoes lying,
text: picks then up. Inge, blanket up under her chin, watches him.
text: He turns.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Goodnight.
speaker_heading: INGE
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: Aren't you at least going to kiss me?
text: He stoops and casually kisses her shoulder.
speaker_heading: INGE
dialog: Is that all?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Isn't it enough? Do you want to
dialog: get paid?
text: She starts up as though the pillow behind her had become a
text: hot iron. Then she throws herself face down on the bed,
text: begins to sob wildly. Steiner stands for a moment,
text: looking at her in embarrassment and some remorse.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (sadly)
dialog: Depend on me to say a few words
dialog: to many.
text: He walks slowly to the door, closes it behind him.
scene_heading: 74. DELETED.
scene_heading: 75. MED. SHOT - GERTRUD
text: who has just COME IN and is talking to a MAN at the bar.
scene_heading: 76. MED. SHOT - STEINER
text: He sinks back into his seat, looks off at Gertrud. Then
text: he rises and, CAMERA TRUCKING with him, winds his way
text: across the floor to her. Her back is to him.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: Gertrud --
text: She turns, flushes as she sees him, but doesn't say a word.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: I wish -- I were meeting you for
text: the first time now.
speaker_heading: GERTRUD
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: I suppose that's as close to an
dialog: apology as you, Can ever get --
dialog: If you'll excuse me....
text: He makes a gesture to stop her, but she brushes past him.
text: We hear Klaus' voice.
speaker_heading: KLAUS' VOICE
dialog: Rolf --
text: Steiner turns to face Klaus.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: She's here --!
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (Pre-occupied)
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: You know -- Ilse -- the Iron Cross Tits --
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Listen I don't want --
text: He has turned automatically to look toward the corner of
text: the bar. At the sight of the GIRL in the nurse's white
text: uniform, Steiner's speech stops; his eyes narrow.
scene_heading: 77, CLOSE SHOT ILSE
text: She is looking toward Steiner, an expectant smile on her
text: face. She is very buxom and very pretty in a coarse way.
scene_heading: 78.MED. SHOT. STEINER AND KLAUS
text: Steiner's face is expressionless. CAMERA TRUCKING with
text: him, he makes his way to the Waiting Ilse. En route he
text: passes Gertrud who, struck by the grimness of Steiner's
text: expression, keeps her eyes on him as he pushes toward Ilse.
scene_heading: 79. MED. SHOT - ILSE
text: Her smile freezes as Steiner STEPS INTO the SCENE.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (steadily)
dialog: Good evening, Ilse.
text: She can only stare at him.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: I can't blame you, Ilse. After all,
dialog: it's been -- how long --? More than
dialog: a year anyway. Yes, thirteen months --
speaker_heading: ILSE
dialog: (in a very low voice)
dialog: Rolf --
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: -- and the law of averages -- What
dialog: right have I to be alive -- Did
dialog: you count on that, Ilse?
text: Suddenly, Ilse lets out a sob, covers her face with her hands,
text: then turns and runs toward the exit. Klaus, who has stood a
text: few paces behind, comes up to Steiner.
speaker_heading: KLAUS
dialog: I must say -- it's a strange effect
dialog: you have upon women.
text: Steiner doesn't answer. Klaus shakes his head, goes after
dialog: Ilse.
scene_heading: 80. MED. SHOT - GERTRUD
text: Whose eyes haven't left Steiner. She watches him now as he
text: sits down at an unoccupied table. From his inside pocket
text: he takes out a piece of paper. She sees him flag a passing
text: WAITER. A brief conversation ensues between them, and the
text: Waiter lends Steiner a pencil. As Steiner begins to write,
text: Gertrud moves slowly toward him.
scene_heading: 81. MED. SHOT - STEINER AT TABLE WRITING
text: As Gertrud's shadow falls across the table he looks up
text: briefly, goes back to his writing. Without a word, Gertrud
text: slips into a chair across from Steiner. After a moment, he
text: finishes writing, looks at Gertrud.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: I imagine you want to know what it's
dialog: all about?
speaker_heading: GERTRUD
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Be honest.
speaker_heading: GERTRUD
dialog: Yes, I do. Very much.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: It's not too pretty a story -- and it
dialog: isn't very chivalrous of me to tell
dialog: it. But, then, one of the first
dialog: casualties of the war was chivalry --
dialog: (looks at the slip of paper)
dialog: A year or so ago I was in a hospital.
dialog: In four years of war I have been in
dialog: four hospitals.
dialog: (harshlaugh)
dialog: Some day I must get around to rating
dialog: them. Anyway -- Ilse -- Miss Bauman --
dialog: decided she would be more than a
dialog: nurse to me. After three days and
dialog: three nights I told her to be more
text: than a nurse to somebody else.
text: (looks at Gertrud's face)
text: He is silent a moment, his face reflecting the humiliation.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: She found a way to get even -- result --
dialog: Court martial -- degraded -- Six months
dialog: in a Penal Battalion --
dialog: (pause. Holds up the paper)
dialog: Now, I in tend to have Miss Bauman's
dialog: signed confession --
speaker_heading: GERTRUD
dialog: Please -- don't be brutal to her --
text: He gets up.
text: She looks at him in mute appeal. He shakes his head,
text: Starts out, Gertrud looking after him.
text: He gets up.
text: She looks at him in mute appeal. He shakes his head, starts
text: out, Gertrud looking after him.
scene_heading: 82. MED. SHOT - BENCH ON BEACH - FACING THE WATER
text: On a corner of the bench, Ilse is huddled, still sobbing.
text: In the b.g. a figure looms. Then a flashlight, in the
text: hand of the figure is snapped on. Its beam ILLUMINATES
text: Ilse, who doesn't move. The figure, holding the flashlight,
text: moves closer, and we SEE that it is Steiner. Now he stands
text: beside Ilse, who does not look up.
speaker_heading: ILSE
dialog: Turn it out -- I can't see.
text: Steiner snaps off the light. She looks up at him, her face
dialog: a study in fury.
speaker_heading: ILSE
dialog: You Stinking louse.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (laughs grimly)
dialog: I that What I am?
speaker_heading: ILSE
dialog: (violently)
dialog: Yes. And you always were a louse.
dialog: You never knew how to treat a
dialog: woman.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: How right you are. And now, let
dialog: me prove your point --
dialog: (takes Out the
dialog: Slip Of paper)
dialog: -- Sign this.
speaker_heading: ILSE
dialog: What is it?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Your confession.
speaker_heading: ILSE
dialog: Confession. What have I to confess?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Oh -- are we going to play games?
dialog: All right, I'll read it to you --
dialog: (snaps on the
dialog: flashlight,
dialog: starts to read)
dialog: On the night of May 12, 1943, I, Ilse
text: Bauman, a nurse at the 2nd Base
dialog: Hospital in Rostov, stole a wrist-
dialog: watch from the room of Corporal
text: Karl Wachtel, an amputee, and
dialog: furthermore, hid the watch among
text: the belongings of -- Sgt. Rolf Steiner.
text: Suddenly, Ilse jumps to her feet, starts to run, knocking
text: the flashlight from Steiner's hands. But Steiner catches
text: her in two strides. She kicks him and pummels him with her
text: fists. Steiner drags her down to the water, wades in knee
text: deep and thrusts her head under.
scene_heading: 83. MED. SHOT - STEINER
text: holding Ilse's head under water. Then he pulls her up by
dialog: the hair.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Will you sign now?
text: She coughs and struggles for breath. He picks her up in his
text: arms, carries her back to the bench, dumps her on it uncere-
text: moniously. He picks up the pencil and paper and the flash-
text: light. He flashes the LIGHT on her face. Water is dripping
text: from her hair down her forehead and onto her hands.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Maybe in bed you could cry your way
dialog: out, but not here.
text: He thrusts the pencil into her hand. He flashes the LIGHT
text: on the bench so that Ilse can see. With trembling hands,
text: she signs the paper. Steiner switches off the flashlight.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (looking at paper)
dialog: All right -- you may go now.
text: She doesn't stir.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (repeats sharply)
dialog: You may go now.
text: Unsteadily, she gets to her feet, looks at him.
speaker_heading: ILSE
dialog: (tonelessly)
dialog: You're going to report me.
text: He nods grimly.
speaker_heading: ILSE
dialog: Oh, God. Oh, God, what am I going
dialog: to do?
text: He shrugs. Slowly she walks away, her wet skirt clinging
text: to her legs, head bowed, shoulders twitching.
scene_heading: 84. CLOSE SHOT - STEINER
text: watching Ilse go. There is no pity in his face. Then, he
text: sits on the bench, examines the paper closely. He is deep
text: in thought when there is the SOUND of SOFT FOOTSTEPS in the
text: sand. Steiner looks up, Gertrud stands beside him.
speaker_heading: GERTRUD
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: So you have what you want?
text: Steiner nods his head slowly, looks at the paper again. Then
text: he gets up, walks to the water's edge. For a moment, he
text: hesitates, then he tears the paper into tiny scraps, tosses
text: them into the water. Gertrud comes INTO the SCENE, stands
text: at Steiner's side. Together they watch the scraps being
text: carried out on the waves, dancing and scattering until they
text: vanish from sight. There is a moment's silence, broken by
dialog: Gertrud.
speaker_heading: GERTRUD
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (shrugs; then, slowly)
dialog: I'm not interested anymore
dialog: in clearing my name. Doesn't matter.....
text: He starts away.
speaker_heading: GERTRUD
dialog: Rolf--
text: He stops, turns, looks at Gertrud.
scene_heading: 85. CLOSE SHOT - GERTRUD
text: as she looks steadily toward Steiner.
scene_heading: 86. MED. SHOT - STEINER AND GERTRUD
text: He walks to her. Without a word he takes her in his arms.
text: They cling to each other.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVETO:
scene_heading: 87. MED. SHOT - NIGHT - CREST OF HILL - GERTRUD AND
speaker_heading: STEINER
text: Gertrud, her knees drawn up, sits facing the sea. Steiner
text: sits at right angle to Gertrud, his head resting on her
text: shoulder, as he reads a letter:
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: "-- Well, here I am, back in dear old
dialog: Mother Russia, after six weeks in
dialog: the hospital. Why did no one eyer
dialog: tell me before about the pleasures
dialog: of being wounded?
dialog: That nice, clean hospital -- the food
dialog: -- those nurses -- rather, that one
dialog: nurse in particular. But why am I
dialog: telling you. Every hospital, I hear
dialog: has that one particular specimen... "
text: He turns his head to look at Gertrud. They smile at each
text: other. Then he resumes reading.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Anyway -- "At the moment things are
dialog: quiet here, so you can be sure the
dialog: Russkis are preparing something
dialog: big. I suppose you heard that Dorn
dialog: got it. We had finally persuaded
dialog: the professor to put in for Officers
dialog: Training, and the very next day the
text: Russkis lobbed over a few shells
dialog: to let us know they're still in
dialog: business --"
text: He stops reading. Gertrud looks at him.
speaker_heading: GERTRUD
dialog: Bad you heard of it?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: GERTRUD
dialog: Were you fond of him?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: The professor? I don't know -- not
dialog: particularly, I guess.
dialog: (reflects a moment)
dialog: He was a good soldier. Did his
dialog: job.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: I'm sorry he's gone.
dialog: (back to letter)
dialog: "Well, to get on to more cheerful
dialog: news. Our darling Captain Stransky
dialog: is in some sort of trouble --"
dialog: (looks up from
dialog: letter)
dialog: Him -- I can be more definite about.
dialog: (resumes reading)
dialog: "Seems in the Captain's report on
dialog: the Russian action, the night we
dialog: got it, he somewhat overplayed his
dialog: hand. His report, I hear, pictures
text: Stransky, accompanied by Triebig,
text: appearing at the last moment among
text: his fleeing men, stemming the panic,
dialog: and leading the counterattack --"
dialog: (pauses)
dialog: A damned lie!
dialog: (back to letter)
dialog: "From what I hear, Stransky sat out
text: the engagement in his bunker. Colonel
dialog: Brandt informed Stransky that he
dialog: was entitled to the Iron Cross First
dialog: Class for bis actions, but he also
dialog: pointed out that two witnesses were
dialog: required. Triebig, that sweet-
text: smelling skunk, naturally signed,
dialog: but the signature of the Company
dialog: Commander was also needed. Since
dialog: Lieutenant Meyer was killed and
dialog: you were then in charge, it looks
dialog: like you're elected. We can't wait
dialog: until you get back and are asked
dialog: to sign. So, don't linger by the
text: wayside. Hurry back and join the
dialog: fun. Keep well and watch out that
dialog: they don't pick you up and stick
dialog: you in some other unit. Things
dialog: are supposed to be pretty hot
dialog: on the main front. All the best,
dialog: your old friend, Schnurrbart."
text: Steiner looks out at the sea. After a moment...
speaker_heading: GERTRUD
dialog: You don't want to go back do you?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (Pause)
dialog: Not now.
speaker_heading: GERTRUD
dialog: (trying to sound
dialog: cheerful)
dialog: In the morning you're going
dialog: home for a month. I know it
dialog: sounds crazy -- out maybe in a
dialog: month it'll all be over.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: It'll never be over. Not for me.
text: He falls silent. The POUNDING of the SURF can be HEARD.
text: Gertrud stretches her hand out to Steiner.
speaker_heading: GERTRUD
dialog: Rolf -- sit beside me.
text: He takes her outstretched hand, sits beside her, rests
text: his head on her breast. She puts her arm around him.
text: He lies quietly for a moment, then lifts his face to kiss
dialog: her.
speaker_heading: GERTRUD
dialog: No, darling -- later -- later -- later --
text: Her arms around him, she is rocking him almost like a
dialog: child as we:
speaker_heading: DISSOLVETO:
scene_heading: 88. FULL SHOT - STREET - DAY
text: There are two fleets of army trucks lined up. On one
text: side of the street the trucks face west; on the opposite
text: side they face east. SOLDIERS are boarding both fleets
dialog: of trucks.
scene_heading: 89. MED. SHOT - SERGEANT MULLER - IN THE MIDDLE OF THE
speaker_heading: STREET
text: He calls out to a soldier who is walking hesitantly to-
text: ward the trucks facing west.
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: You there -- let me see your orders.
text: The soldier hands his orders to Muller, who looks at then.
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: Where do you think you are going?
dialog: (with sadistic glee)
dialog: These trucks are going home. You
dialog: belong there --
dialog: (Pointing to east-
dialog: bound trucks)
dialog: You're going to the front!
dialog: (pointing to west-
dialog: bound trucks)
dialog: Lucky ones there!
dialog: (waves to east bound trucks)
dialog: Unlucky ones there!
dialog: (laughs again)
scene_heading: 90. MED. SHOT - STEINER
text: standing outside the rest home, near the parked trucks. He
text: is looking up and down the street -- evidently waiting for
text: Someone. Muller, who CAN BE SEEN in the b.g. , calls out --
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: Steiner--! Get into your truck.
dialog: It's ready to move!
scene_heading: 91. MED. SHOT - MULLER
text: as Steiner walks slowly up to him.
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: What's wrong, Sergeant? For one
dialog: of the lucky ones, you sure don't
text: seem anxious to go.
text: Steiner doesn't even look at Muller who evidently sees someone
text: at the west trucks.
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: Hey, you there -- let me see your
dialog: Orders --
text: He runs off, almost colliding with Inge. She looks complacent.
speaker_heading: INGE
dialog: Goodbye, Sergeant Steiner.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: I'm touched. Up this early just
dialog: to say goodbye to me. Or are you
dialog: waiting to welcome the new batch
dialog: coming in?
speaker_heading: INGE
dialog: No. I just thought somebody
dialog: should say goodbye to you.
text: (smiles as Steiner looks
dialog: at her)
text: Gertrud is not coming, Sergeant.
text: He stares at her. She takes ah envelope out of her pocket.
speaker_heading: INGE
dialog: This is for you.
text: As he snatches it out of her hand.....
speaker_heading: INGE
dialog: That's all right. I've already
dialog: read it.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: You're a pig.
text: (looks at the envelope, but
dialog: doesn't open it)
speaker_heading: INGE
dialog: I'll be happy to read it to you.
text: She takes the envelope from him.
text: neither objecting nor assenting.
text: He just stands there,
text: Inge's tone, as she
dialog: reads, is not as triumphantly smug as might have been
dialog: expected.
speaker_heading: INGE
dialog: (reads)
dialog: "Dearest Rolf -- I can't face you
dialog: this morning. How can you and
dialog: I know what we feel for each
dialog: other? We hate so quickly and
dialog: easily, maybe we fall in love
text: too quickly and easily, too.
dialog: There are things I even needed
dialog: to tell you about.....
text: Steiner snatches the letter from Inge. crumples it in
text: his hand. His face is his usual steel mask again.
text: He stands still for a moment, then the SOUND of the trucks
text: MOTORS causes him to look up. The trucks bound for the
text: front have started slowly off. Steiner looks at the
text: crumpled letter in his hand, throws it away, runs for the
dialog: trucks.
scene_heading: 92. MED. SHOT - MULLER
text: as Steiner runs past him. He stares in amazement as
text: Steiner jumps onto the back of the last truck heading east.
speaker_heading: MULLER
dialog: (almost screaming)
dialog: No! No! Steiner -- wrong truck!
dialog: You're going home. That one's
dialog: going to the front! Steiner --
dialog: Steiner -- !
text: But in the b.g. the truck has disappeared around the corner.
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: FADE IN
scene_heading: 93. LONG SHOT - ROAD SKIRTING A ROW OF BUNKERS - DAY
text: A truck is seen coming to a stop. A lone figure jumps off the
text: back, waves to the driver. The truck drives on.
scene_heading: 94. MED. SHOT - STEINER
text: standing in the road, looking about him with some curiosity.
text: Then, CAMERA TRUCKING with him, he starts to walk. He
text: passes several SOLDIERS. We can tell by the cursory glances
text: they exchange that they are strangers to each other.
text: Steiner enters the bunker.
scene_heading: 95. LIEUTENANT TRIEBIG
text: rounding a corner near the bunker. He HEARS SHOUTS from the
text: bunker and stops. Then he HEARS a half dozen voices CRYING
text: in unison, "Steiner! Steiner! Steiner!" Triebig's face
text: sets. He stands a moment, immobile, then turns, hurries
text: away in the opposite direction.
scene_heading: 96. INT. BUNKER
text: Kruger, Kern, Schnurrbart and Anselm are grouped around
text: Steiner. A NEWCOMER stands off to the side a bit. Steiner
text: is opening a beer bottle.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: You're an idiot, Rolf. Why didn't
dialog: you go home when you could have?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (stony-faced)
dialog: Heard it was safer here.
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: I was home for two weeks.
speaker_heading: THE NEWCOMER
dialog: (angrily)
dialog: I wish this kind of talk would stop.
dialog: It's -- it's gross exaggeration -- and
dialog: what's more, it has a terrible effect
dialog: on the morale of the troops at the
dialog: front!
text: Everyone turns to look at the newcomer.
text: coolly.
dialog: Steiner regards him
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: What's your name?
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: (defiantly)
dialog: Zoll.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Thank you, Herr Zoll for worrying
dialog: about my morale.
text: The men laugh.
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: Zoll is a Party member. He's con-
dialog: vinced we're winning the war, and
dialog: anybody who doesn't think so, he's
dialog: quite willing to turn in to the
dialog: Storm Troops.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (to Zoll)
dialog: My name is Rolf Steiner -- and please
dialog: memorize my correct serial number.
dialog: I wouldn't want them to come for
dialog: the wrong man.
text: The PHONE RINGS. Zoll answers it.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: (very snappy)
text: Second Platoon. Zoll speaking.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: God, isn't it wonderful hearing a
text: real soldier speaking again.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: (through the men's
dialog: laughter)
dialog: Yes, sir -- yes, sir --
dialog: (hangs up, turns
dialog: to Steiner
dialog: Captain Stransky wants to see you
text: in his bunker.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: When?
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: Right away.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Good. I missed my Captain Stransky.
scene_heading: 97. CLOSE SHOT - STRANSKY'S FACE
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK and we SEE that we are in what is
text: evidently Stransky's bunker. Triebig is facing Stransky.
text: It is now dark.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: I'll soften him up, don't worry.
dialog: How long have we kept him waiting?
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
text: About half an hour.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: All right. Send him in.
text: Triebig, still looking worried, goes OUT. Stransky stands
text: for a moment, moves another chair to the table, then sits
text: opposite it. The door opens and Steiner comes IN. He looks
text: at Stransky, his face devoid of expression.
scene_heading: 98. MED. SHOT - STRANSKY - AT TABLE
text: with Steiner in b.g. Stransky's demeanor is carefully
dialog: matter-of-fact.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Welcome back, Sergeant. Please sit
dialog: down.
dialog: (impatiently, as
dialog: Steiner remains
dialog: standing)
dialog: You may sit down.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: If you order me to.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Consider it an order.
text: Reluctantly, Steiner sits down facing Stransky, who moves the
text: kerosene lamp so that he himself is sitting in darkness.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Are you quite recovered from your
dialog: wound?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Quite.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Good. Now that you're back, I'm
dialog: willing to make a fresh start.
dialog: I excuse your past behavior. There
dialog: are several important matters I
dialog: wish to discuss with you.
speaker_heading: STEINER
text: (his face shows that
dialog: he knows what Stransky
dialog: has in mind 1 there is
text: a pause before he
dialog: speaks)
dialog: Certain things can be talked about
dialog: only man to man, not superior to
dialog: subordinate.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (an attempt at a smile)
dialog: You would naturally think that.
dialog: But, you know, don't you, that
dialog: in civilian life, too, a distinction
dialog: is made between people and personalities?
text: For a fleeting moment Steiner's expression darkens, but he
text: quickly composes his features. His tone is ingenuous.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: I don't. But I'm'sure you can
dialog: explain that distinction to me.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (smoothly)
dialog: I can. The difference is a matter
dialog: of ethical and intellectual super-
dialog: iority and is caused, whether you
dialog: like it or not, by class difference.
dialog: Those who are reared in dirt will
dialog: never or rarely emerge from it
dialog: because they have never learned
dialog: to see dirt as dirt. Isn't that
dialog: self - evident?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (swiftly and quietly
dialog: I disagree. Talent, sensitivity
dialog: and character are not privileges
dialog: of the upper class.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (voice less urbane)
dialog: I see. May I ask which of the
dialog: two categories you count yourself?
text: It is an open challenge. Steiner sits up in his seat.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Is this conversation taking place
dialog: between two equal human beings, or
dialog: between a superior and his sub-
dialog: ordinate?
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (haughtily)
dialog: I see no reason to throw the weight
dialog: of my rank into the balance.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: In that case, I am free not to
dialog: answer your tactless question.
text: There is e silence as fury mounts in Stransky's eyes, but
text: he controls his voice.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: You are forgetting yourself, Steiner.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: If you feel insecure about standing
dialog: on your grounds of equality, we
dialog: can easily go back to our regular
dialog: relationship.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
text: (looks at his hands,
dialog: speaks softly)
dialog: Your impertinence can only come from
dialog: stupidity -- and digging holes.
text: (stands up brusquely
text: and paces the room
dialog: several times be-
text: fore he comes to a
text: stop in front of
dialog: Steiner)
dialog: I have met more than one person of
dialog: your type -- and I have always crushed
dialog: them like vermin. I consider you
text: nothing more than an insolent lout
text: who cannot keep his hands off his
dialog: comrades' property.
scene_heading: 99. CLOSE SHOT - STEINER
text: as he stands up slowly. He makes a visible effort to
dialog: control himself.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (voice steady and
dialog: quiet)
dialog: You'll regret that.
scene_heading: 100. MED. SHOT - STRANSKY AND STEINER
text: Steiner wipes his sleeve with his right hand.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: For that remark alone, back home
dialog: I would have had dogs chase you
dialog: over the fields until your feet
dialog: were bleeding straps.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: We're not back home.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: You'll wish you were before long.
text: (turns his back on
dialog: Steiner, picks up
dialog: the phone)
dialog: Triebig? Come in here!
text: He hangs up, turns, sees that Steiner is leaning easily
text: against the wall.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Stand at attention!
text: Steiner takes a half step forward, lets his arms dangle.
text: The door opens and Triebig COMES IN.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: How far has my new bunker progressed?
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
text: About a foot and a half.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
text: The bunker is to be ten feet deep.
dialog: Sergeant Steiner will work on it
text: tonight until that depth is reached.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (astonished)
dialog: Tonight?
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Tonight. I shall hold your respon-
dialog: sible for having that bunker ready
dialog: by tomorrow morning.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Steiner has listened with an impassive face. Now, without
text: change of expression, he holds the door open for Triebig,
text: then he turns to look at Stransky. without a word, he
speaker_heading: GOES OUT.
scene_heading: 101. EXT. BUNKER- TRUCK SHOT - TRIEBIG AND STEINER
text: as they walk toward the spot (seen in b.g.) where the new
text: bunker is being dug. They walk in silence a moment.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: I want you to know I have nothing
dialog: to do with this business.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: That's lucky for you.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Where's your "friend"?
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (looking straight
dialog: ahead)
text: He's dead.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Oh -- too bad.
dialog: (sardonically)
dialog: Well -- bear up. Fresh recruits are
dialog: coming in every day.
text: Triebig looks at him and his voice shakes with hatred.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: I have only one wish, and the
dialog: Commander shares it. We could
dialog: court martial you or get rid of
dialog: you some other way. But we want
dialog: to have the pleasure of seeing
dialog: you -- croak.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: You'll have to take very good care
dialog: of yourself if you want to outlive
dialog: me.
text: Triebig clenches his fists in helpless fury.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: Thank you for the warning.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: You're entirely welcome.
text: By this time they have reached the pit where four men are
dialog: digging.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (to the men)
dialog: Ail right -- you're relieved. You
dialog: may return to your quarters.
text: The men, seeing only Steiner with Triebig, don't quite
dialog: comprehend.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: I said you may return to your
dialog: quarters!
text: The men hastily drop their shovels, clamber out of the pit,
text: and walk AWAY. They keep looking back at Triebig and
text: Steiner, still not certain of what's going on. Triebig
text: turns to Steiner.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: If I were you, I'd make sure it
dialog: was done by morning.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: It won't be for lack of trying,
dialog: sir.
text: Triebig glowers at him, walks AWAY. Steiner jumps into
text: the pit, starts to shovel. The CAMERA notes that Steiner
text: is up to his kneecaps in the pit.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 102. CLOSE SHOT - PAIR OF MUDDY BOOTS
text: The CAMERA PANS UP from the boots to Steiner's face.
text: Steiner is asleep in a chair, his feet stretched out.
text: The scene is the outer room of Brandt's command post.
text: After a moment, the inner door opens and Kiesel and
scene_heading: Triebig COME OUT.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: You'll wait here, Lieutenant.
text: Triebig nods nervously, Kiesel looks at Steiner, shakes
text: his head.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: Steiner!
text: Steiner opens his eyes, stumbles to his feet, straightens
text: up. Kiesel holds the door open. Steiner looks at Triebig,
text: then walks IN.
scene_heading: 103. INT. BRANDT'S ROOM
text: Brandt is sitting behind a huge, clumsy desk piles with
text: all sorts of useless objects. He holds a lighted cigarette
text: between his fingers. Steiner and Kiesel COME IN.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: So there you are. Next time you're
dialog: wounded, give me a week's notice
dialog: that we're going to lose you, ha,
dialog: ha. How are you, Steiner?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: I can't complain.
text: Brandt stands up, shakes hands heartily,
text: toward chair.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Make yourself comfortable.
dialog: (extends cigarette
dialog: case to Steiner)
dialog: How was it in the hospital?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (laconically)
dialog: Pretty good.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: And the Rest Home?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: I recommend it.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
text: (laughs, then, casually)
dialog: then gestures
dialog: That night you were wounded -- did
dialog: you know that Captain Stransky
dialog: led the Second Company's counter-
dialog: attack?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: That's what they tell me.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Is it true?
speaker_heading: STEINER
text: The counterattack was led by
dialog: Lieutenant Meyer. Captain Stransky
dialog: was nowhere in sight.
text: Brandt and Kiesel exchange glances.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: Are you sure of that?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Absolutely. In the first place,
dialog: I would have seen him, and in the
dialog: second place, Lieutenant Meyer had
dialog: to report to the Captain what had
text: been happening in the lines.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: How do you know that?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: I was there when Lieutenant Meyer
dialog: phoned.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: A-ha!
dialog: (sharply, to Kiesel)
dialog: Fetch Triebig.
scene_heading: Kiesel GOES OUT.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: I think you're entitled to a little
dialog: fun.
scene_heading: 104. MED. SHOT -AT DOOR
text: as it opens and Triebig and Kiesel COME IN. Triebig looks
text: very worried. For a moment, Brandt just looks at Triebig
text: who bites his lip. Finally, Brandt speaks. His voice is
text: unusually soft and low.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: You signed your Captain's report,
dialog: Lieutenant Triebig. Were you
dialog: present when Captain Stransky
dialog: led the counterattack?
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (after a notice-
dialog: able hesitation)
dialog: I accompanied the commander to the
dialog: hill and saw him calling several
dialog: men around him. Then he sent me
text: back to the command post.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Then how do you know that Stransky
dialog: really led the counterattack? You
dialog: signed a statement to that effect,
dialog: Lieutenant Triebig.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: I -- I learned of it from wounded
dialog: men who were returning.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Can you give me the name of one
dialog: of these wounded men?
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: They weren't staff men -- just company
dialog: men. I -- I knew them only by sight.
dialog: Besides, it was pitch dark when I
dialog: spoke to them.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (icily)
dialog: I want you to know, Lieutenant
dialog: Triebig, that I have had your
dialog: statements checked. Captain
dialog: Kiesel will inform you of the
dialog: results of our investigation.
text: Steiner watches closely as Kiesel takes a sheet of paper
text: out of his pocket, studies its contents for a moment.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: (placidly)
dialog: Our investigation so far has
dialog: disclosed that at the moment
dialog: there are forty-two men in 2nd
dialog: Company who took part in that
text: counterattack. They declare
dialog: Unanimously that the attack was
dialog: led by Lieutenant Meyer. None
dialog: of them saw Captain Stransky, and
dialog: none of them heard that he was
dialog: even with the company.
text: Brandt turns to Triebig, who looks ds if he were standing
text: against a wall watching an execution squad line up in front
dialog: of him.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: To my mind, there is nothing more
dialog: contemptible than snatching the
dialog: laurels that properly belong to
dialog: a man who died in action. I shall
dialog: abide by Sergeant Steiner's testimony.
dialog: If he stands by his statement that
dialog: Captain Stransky was not with the
dialog: company, I shall be compelled to
dialog: institute disciplinary proceedings
dialog: against the Captain. You may go
dialog: now. You are no longer needed
dialog: here.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: He doesn't look at Steiner as he LEAVES the room.
scene_heading: 105. MED. SHOT - BRANDT, KIESEL AND STEINER
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (to Steiner)
dialog: Very well. Do you stand by your
dialog: statement?
text: To Brandt's surprise, Steiner doesn't answer immediately.
dialog: Then, after some hesitation:
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Would it be possible for me to
dialog: think it over for a few days?
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (anger and disappoint-
dialog: ment in his voice)
dialog: Think it over? What is there to
dialog: think over? Did you see Stransky
dialog: or not?
text: Steiner doesn't answer.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: I don't understand you. Are you
dialog: a friend of Stransky's? My im-
dialog: pression is that you wish him
dialog: in hell.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: My differences with Captain Stransky
dialog: are a private matter.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (losing patience)
dialog: Oh, they are? Why were you
dialog: ordered to dig Stransky's bunker
dialog: tonight?
text: Steiner compresses his lips.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: I asked you something!
text: Steiner looks up, their eyes meet.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Do you want to hear lies?
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (leaning forward)
dialog: Do you know that Stransky intends
dialog: to recommend disciplining you?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (a growl)
dialog: If I were he, I wouldn't lose a
dialog: minute about it.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (to Kiesel)
dialog: I really think I should place a
text: guard over him and have him dig
text: holes until he's blue in the
dialog: face.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: Why try to revise the decisions of
dialog: Providence?
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (sternly, to Steiner)
dialog: Listen to me. You know I've always
dialog: shown a great deal of understanding
dialog: for you. But I am beginning to
dialog: get tired of battling with your
dialog: superiors over you.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (defiantly)
dialog: I didn't ask you to.
text: AS soon as the words are out, it is obvious from Steiner's
text: expression that he regrets going that far, but it is too
text: late. Brandt rises and leans on his desk. His voice is
text: hoarse with rage.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Didn't ask me to! You didn't ask
dialog: me to! Have you gone clean out
dialog: of your mind? Do you have any
dialog: idea what you're saying?
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: Steiner -- you ungrateful idiot --
text: For a second, Steiner closes his eyes. Se is struggling
text: not to let the words out -- but they come pouring forth
dialog: violently.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: What are you asking me, Captain
dialog: Kiesel? To love Colonel Brandt?
dialog: I hate Colonel Brandt. I hate
dialog: you, Captain Kiesel, and Stransky
dialog: and Triebig, and ever since I've
dialog: put on this damn uniform I've hated
dialog: everybody and anybody connected
dialog: with it. If I get into any trouble,
dialog: if I have any problem with anything
dialog: or anybody, I'll solve them myself --!
dialog: Thank you very much!
text: Me pauses, shaking. There is a dead silence in the room.
text: Brandt is breathing heavily. His unsteady hands grope
text: across the top of his desk.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (his voice broken)
dialog: Get out. Get out of here at once!
text: Steiner doesn't move for a split second, then he GOES OUT.
text: Brandt tries to regain control of himself. Kiesel looks
text: at the floor.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 106. PANORAMIC SHOT - LINE OF TRUCKS AND MARCHING MEN
speaker_heading: DAY
text: all headed west. This is followed by QUICK CUTS of the
text: troop-laden trucks. The total impression is of a gigantic
dialog: exodus.
scene_heading: 107. INT. SECOND PLATOON'S BUNKER
text: Steiner, Schnurrbart, Kruger, Zoll, and Anselm are all
text: present. They have packed all their belongings, ready
text: to move out. Schnurrbart and Kruger are playing cards.
text: Steiner is sitting quietly on his bunk. The others are
text: moving about -- obviously beset by impatience.
dialog: Why the hell aren't we moving
dialog: out?
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: What's everybody so worried
dialog: about? Moving a regiment is
dialog: quite a job, let me tell you.
text: It doesn't move all at once.
text: The PHONE RINGS.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: Ah -- that's probably our orders
dialog: now.
text: AS Steiner goes to the phone, everybody makes for their
text: packs, ready to leave at the word.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (into phone)
dialog: Yes -- yes, sir -- I see --
dialog: (no change of
dialog: expression)
dialog: Yes, sir -- at what time? -- Yes,
dialog: sir.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: (to Steiner, who
dialog: has hung up)
dialog: What's the good word?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: The good word is that we've been
dialog: elected.
dialog: (cautiously)
dialog: Elected to -- what?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Captain Stransky's paid us a great
dialog: honor. We -- that is, our platoon --
dialog: is to stay here as a rear guard
dialog: until dark. For two hours. Maybe
dialog: three.
text: The men are frozen in disbelief.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: I think we ought to feel very
dialog: proud.
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: Those idiots are crazy.
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
text: Not so crazy. They're pulling out,
dialog: we're not.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (takes a map from
dialog: his pocket, spreads
text: it on the table,
dialog: traces with his thumb)
dialog: The division is moving back to new
dialog: positions east of Krimskaya --
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: (nodding)
dialog: Much easier to launch an offensive
dialog: from there.
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: Why us? Of all the platoons in the
dialog: battalion, why us?
dialog: (violently)
dialog: Because our sergeant is such a pal
dialog: of Captain Stransky'e! That's
dialog: why us!
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: I'm sorry. In the next war I'll try
dialog: to pick my enemies more carefully.
scene_heading: 108. MED. SHOT - STAFF CAR - DAY
text: The car stands outside Stransky's bunker. A military
text: CHAUFFEUR is at the wheel, and the MOTOR is RUNNING.
text: A steady stream of trucks and equipment, headed west,
text: flows past the staff car. In the b.g. the door to Stransky's
text: bunker flies open and the Captain with Lieutenant Triebig
text: behind him, STEPS OUT. As they make for the car, the phone
text: within the bunker is HEARD RINGING.
scene_heading: 109. INT. BUNKER- AT PHONE
text: as Stransky comes INTO the SCENE, picks up phone. Triebig
dialog: is in the b.g.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Captain Stransky -- Yes, yes,
dialog: Captain Kiesel, we were just
dialog: about to leave -- Yes, sir --
dialog: What's that, sir?
dialog: (his expression is
text: cloudy as he listens)
dialog: I see, sir. Yes, sir. I'll attend
dialog: to that immediately. Yes, sir.
text: He hangs up. Triebig looks at him inquiringly.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Intelligence reports that the
dialog: Russians are already on the high-
dialog: way. Regiment feels that it would
dialog: be not only useless but suicidal
dialog: to leave behind any rear guard
dialog: platoons. They're to join the
dialog: evacuation immediately.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: I see.
text: He and Stransky exchange glances.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: Shall I call -- I believe it's
text: Sergeant Steiner's platoon, is
dialog: it not?
text: Stransky nods. Triebig waits for him to say something,
text: but he doesn't so Triebig picks up the phone.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Just a second, Lieutenant --
text: Triebig turns to face Stransky.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: What do you think of this story?
dialog: We tried to establish telephone
dialog: communication with Steiner's
dialog: bunker, but evidently his wires
dialog: had already been cut. You, Lieuten-
dialog: ant Triebig, upon personal investigation,
text: discovered their bunker abandoned.
dialog: Apparently, the platoon had already
text: left to take up its forward position.
text: The two men look at each other. Then!
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (slowly)
dialog: I think it's an excellent story.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Just a story?
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: Much more than a story. I think
dialog: it's fully justified.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: You do? Why?
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (after a moment's
dialog: thought)
dialog: It is my firm conviction that the
dialog: Third Reich would be better off
dialog: without the likes of Steiner and
dialog: his cronies.
text: The two men stand looking at each other without speaking.
text: Then Stransky takes the telephone wire in his two hands
text: and yanks it out of the wall. He doesn't look at Triebig
text: as he strides from the bunker. Triebig follows.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 110. EXT. BUNKER
text: All the men, with the exception of Steiner, are present.
text: They are busy packing ammunition boxes.
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: Damn it. I hate to leave this
dialog: place. We worked weeks fixing
dialog: this place up -- this damn army.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: The trouble with you is -- you're
text: scared stiff.
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: (looks at him)
dialog: You don't know how grateful we are
dialog: that you were sent to us. It's
dialog: nice to have one brave man in the
dialog: platoon.
scene_heading: 111. MED. SHOT - AT DOOR
text: as it opens, and Steiner, his uniform wringing wet, COMES
dialog: IN.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Well -- are we all still here?
dialog: What do you mean "still here"?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (pretending surprise)
dialog: No deserters?
dialog: (walking to table)
dialog: All right, then, let's have a look
text: at the map before we start.
text: He looks at map. The men gather around him.
dialog: How far is it to Krimskaya?
speaker_heading: STEINER
text: About twenty miles.
dialog: (staring thought-
dialog: fully at the map)
dialog: The stuff between is regular
dialog: wilderness. And a stream
text: running through.
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: STEINER (CONT'D)
dialog: How big a stream? Suppose there's
dialog: no bridge? And the whole region
dialog: is marshy. The big question is
dialog: whether we can get through.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: Then let's use the highway.
text: Steiner just looks at him.
dialog: (anxiously)
dialog: What does that look mean? Did
dialog: you see any Russians on the high-
dialog: way?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Infantry, trucks, tanks, the whole
dialog: damn Russian army.
text: There is a moment's silence.
dialog: On the highway?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Not in the air, take my word for
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: (strapping on ammuni-
dialog: tion box)
dialog: How are we going to cross the highway
dialog: with the Russians on it?
speaker_heading: STEINER
text: It's dark, it's raining--and there
dialog: are bound to be a few gaps in the
dialog: procession. We'll wait for the
text: right moment and scoot across.
dialog: It's hopeless. It's just plain
dialog: suicide.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: (slinging his tommy
text: gun over his shoulder)
dialog: We're eight self-reliant, resource-
dialog: ful Germans. We'll make it.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (sardonically to Kern)
dialog: There! Do you feel better?
dialog: Suppose we do make it. The Russians
dialog: will be in Krimskaya before us.
dialog: That means to get to our lines,
dialog: we'll have to cross theirs. How?
dialog: How, I'm asking?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (his boxes are
dialog: strapped to him)
dialog: We can tunnel beneath the Russians
dialog: -- or we can pole vault over them.
dialog: Are we all ready?
dialog: (groaning)
dialog: You can joke, but we're finished.
text: Finished.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Of course we are. No doubt about
dialog: it. And because you have so
dialog: brilliantly pointed that out,
dialog: you may lead the way.
text: He flings the door open I motions for Kern to start the
text: exodus. Kern looks sour, but leads the way. The others
text: squeeze past Steiner at the door. When they are GONE,
text: Steiner kicks the stove so that it falls over, spilling
text: its golden embers on the floor. Then he GOES OUT, closing
text: the door behind him.
scene_heading: 112. FULL SHOT - THE PLATOON
text: huddled together in the rain, waiting for Steiner. After
text: a moment, he comes INTO the SCENE. He jerks his head
text: in the direction he wishes them to take. Then he starts
text: off. The men exchange glances, but no one says a word.
text: They trudge off.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 113. OPEN PLOWLANO - NIGHT
text: It is still dark, but in the east the sky is beginning to
text: lighten. In the distance WE SEE the line of men walking
text: slowly, their heads bent against the rain.
scene_heading: 114. MED. SHOT - THE MEN WALKING
text: The ANGLE FAVORS Zoll and Kern. They are panting under the
text: burden of their machine-guns and boxes of ammunition.
text: They are cursing under their breaths. The CAMERA PANS
text: DOWN to their boots. They are caked with great lumps of
text: muddy soil.
scene_heading: 115. MED. SHOT - STEINER - AT HEAD OF LINE
text: His face expressionless, he is walking steadily on. Ahead
text: of him the terrain begins to slope upward. Suddenly,
text: Steiner stops in his tracks r holds his hands up for the
dialog: men to stop.
scene_heading: 116. MED. SHOT - KERN, KRUGER, ZOLL AND SCHNURRBART
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: What the devil's the matter now?
text: No one answers. Schnurrbart motions for them to listen.
text: After a moment, the low DRONE of big MOTORS, the CREAKING
text: of heavily laden TRUCKS is HEARD. Also an occasional
text: windblown SHOUT is HEARD.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: Russians.
dialog: (nervously)
text: A whole army.
text: With quivering fingers he unthinkingly reaches for his
text: cigarettes and thrusts one between his lips. As he strikes
text: a match, Steiner suddenly APPEARS in front of him. There
text: is a sharp SLAPPING SOUND, followed by a RAIN of SPARKS
text: from the crushed cigarette. Kern utters a whimpering
text: sound and presses both hands against his mouth.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (voice thick with
dialog: rage)
dialog: You idiot!
text: The men look at him in alarm, but he whirls around and
text: runs forward, signaling for the men to follow.
scene_heading: 117. MED. SHOT - KERN
text: as he walks along. There is a burn on his upper lip
text: which he pats tenderly. His face is clouded with resent-
text: ment. The VOICES ahead become increasingly distinct. The
text: crisp TREAD of nailed boots is very marked -- grows even
dialog: louder.
scene_heading: 118. MED. SHOT - STEINER
text: signaling for the men to halt. He walks back to the
dialog: group.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (to Schnurrbart and
dialog: Anselm)
dialog: You come with me. The rest will
dialog: wait here.
text: Steiner, Anselm and Schnurrbart run off. The men watch them
text: as, bent low, they DISAPPEAR into the darkness. Then,
text: one by one, the men sink down onto the wet ground. For a
dialog: few moments no one has the strength or the inclination to
dialog: speak. Then --
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: He shouldn't have hit you.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: Why not?
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: What's more important than the
dialog: treatment of one German soldier by
dialog: another -- I'd like to know.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: I'll tell you what's more important --
speaker_heading: (MORE)
speaker_heading: KRUGER (CONT'D)
dialog: (brings his face
dialog: close to Zoll's)
dialog: It's more important that we have to
dialog: get out of here. And you know why?
dialog: I'll tell you --
text: He pokes his finger into Zoll's chest.
dialog: back.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
text: Zoll moves indignantly
dialog: We have to get out so that we'll
dialog: be on time to get into the next
text: mess. Out of one mess into the
dialog: next. That's been going on for
dialog: three years, and it'll go on until
dialog: we get into one mess good and deep
dialog: and don't come out of it --
text: He has worked himself into such a rage that he can't go on.
text: There is another morose silence. Zoll sits up on one
text: elbow, listens.
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: I think all that activity on the
text: highway is slackening.
dialog: Don't worry. We'll never get
dialog: across.
text: He stops, for everyone is listening intently. He listens
text: too. There isn't a sound from the direction of the highway.
dialog: (whispering)
dialog: I don't hear a thing....
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: Here comes somebody --
text: Every head turns.
scene_heading: 119. LONG SHOT - A FIGURE COMING OUT OF THE MIST
text: From the group's P.O.V. The figure stops.
scene_heading: 120. FULL SHOT - GROUP
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: It's Anselm.
text: Anselm stops, waves his fist in the air.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: Let's go.
text: They snatch their guns, run up the slope, DISAPPEAR into
text: the mist.
scene_heading: 121. CROWN OF HILL
text: Beneath it lies the highway in the gray dawn LIGHT.
text: Deserted. In the b.g. WE SEE the platoon slipping down
text: the steep decline and racing across the trampled, rutted
text: width of the road toward the edge of the woods which rise
text: like a dark wall against the further mountains.
scene_heading: 122. MED. SHOT - STEINER
text: He is standing about 100 yards in the forest, looking toward
text: the highway. The men can be seen running towards him.
text: In a few seconds, they reach Steiner. As they fight to
text: catch their breaths, Steiner looks at them, triumph in his
text: eyes.
dialog: Well --
text: Steiner holds up his hand for quiet.
text: rumble of vehicles can be HEARD from the highway.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: (grinning)
dialog: Now that we're here that sounds
dialog: like music to me.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: I think it's a little early for
dialog: congratulations.
dialog: (picks up his gear)
dialog: We're ready.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: Sergeant --
text: Steiner turns to regard him.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
text: They listen.
dialog: The
dialog: Before we start, there's a matter
dialog: I'd like to bring up. The matter
dialog: of your treatment of a comrade,
dialog: Private Kern.
text: Steiner looks at him closely.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
text: One soldier of the Fuhrer is just
dialog: as -- good as --
text: He wilts under Steiner's gaze, stops.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Please continue. Just as good as
dialog: what?
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: (weakening)
dialog: Anyway -- I believe I speak for
dialog: all the others --
text: Steiner looks at the others.
dialog: (to Zoll)
dialog: Why don't you mind your own lousy
dialog: business! It was idiotic of me
dialog: to light that cigarette. Now,
dialog: let's go.
text: Steiner looks at Zoll, then, without a word, turns and
text: starts walking. The others follow.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 123. STREET - IN KRIMSKAYA - DAY
text: The scene is one of great bustle and activity. Trucks are
text: unloading. Anti-aircraft guns are being set up on empty
text: lots between houses. A Staff car speeds INTO the SCENE,
text: jolts to a stop before one of the houses. Captain Kiesel
text: alights, taking a salute from the SENTRY, ENTERS one of
dialog: the houses.
scene_heading: 124. INT. HOUSE - STRANSKY AND TRIEBIG
text: are supervising the installation of phones. Kiesel comes
text: RUNNING IN.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: You're slow with those phones,
dialog: Captain. Regiment has been trying
dialog: to speak to you.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: They'll be in any minute, Captain
dialog: Kiesel.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
text: with the Russians breathing down
dialog: our necks, the Colonel wants a
dialog: patrol out front. I think Steiner's
dialog: the most experienced --
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Sorry, Captain. I haven't the
dialog: faintest idea of the whereabouts
text: of Steiner and his platoon.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: What do you mean by that?
dialog: (stares at Stransky)
dialog: You mean you didn't pull him out
dialog: of line and bring him back? You
dialog: had your orders.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: I tried to contact Steiner immediately
dialog: -- wasn't that so, Lieutenant?
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: Yes, Captain.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: But he had already moved his platoon
text: from the bunker.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: Why? He had orders not to move till
dialog: dark.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (shrugging)
dialog: You know Steiner Disobeying orders
dialog: is a speciality of his.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: How the devil is he going to get
dialog: back here? He's got the whole
dialog: Russian army to get through.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: He had his orders--he disregarded
dialog: them.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: It doesn't sound like Steiner.
dialog: He'd risk his own neck, not a
dialog: whole platoon's --
dialog: (looks at Stransky
dialog: closely)
dialog: I think I can promise you a full
dialog: investigation, Captain Stransky,
dialog: when Steiner gets back. If he
text: gets back.
text: He turns and walks OUT rapidly. The telephone men are
text: still in the room, so Stransky and Triebig can only exchange
text: covert congratulatory glances. The CAMERA MOVES to the
text: window, THROUGH IT to an open field and as it MOVES EAST...
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 125. OVERHEAD SHOT - THICK WOODS - DAY
text: The CAMERA MOVES DOWN through thorny undergrowth until
text: it picks up Steiner's platoon, fighting their weary way
text: through. The undergrowth has ripped the men's uniforms
text: and scratched their hands and faces. Sweat is pouring
text: from their faces. They are almost continually s lapping at
text: almost invisible stinging mites which hover about them.
text: The CAMERA PANS DOWN to two pair of boots slogging through
text: the marsh. It is evident that they are suffering a great
dialog: deal.
scene_heading: 126. LONG SHOT - THE SUN LOW IN THE SKY
text: It will be dark in a little while. From THIS ANGLE the
text: CAMERA ZOOMS DOWN into the forest. It picks out Steiner
text: trudging in water that is halfway up to his knees.
text: There is no one in sight behind him. Suddenly, from the
text: rear there are HOARSE SHOUTS. Steiner stops, turns,
text: listens. The SHOUTS are HEARD again.
dialog: Steiner starts
text: back, CAMERA TRUCKING with him. There is a slight rise
text: in the terrain, which is firm and dry.
text: are stretched out on the ground.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: What's the trouble?
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: You'll have to call a rest, Rolf.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (tersely)
dialog: We're not even half way yet.
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: I know, but what can't be done
dialog: can't be done.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (reluctantly)
dialog: Most of the men
dialog: All right.
text: He notices Zoll, who is lying on his stomach off to one
text: side, his head pillowed in his arms.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Where are your ammunition boxes?
text: The others become attentive. Zoll doesn't stir. Steiner
text: digs the toe of his boot into Zoll's side.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Didn't you hear me?
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: (a grunt)
dialog: Leave me alone.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: He had them ten minutes ago. The
dialog: swine must have dumped them.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Then he'll go back for them.
text: Zoll still doesn't move, so Steiner grips him by his
text: cartridge belt and pulls him to his feet. Face twisted
text: with fury, Zoll whirls, snatches up his rifle, brandishes
dialog: it.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: (hoarsely)
dialog: Keep your dirty paws off me.
dialog: If you touch me again.
text: Steiner looks into Zoll's rabid face with a sort of
dialog: curiosity.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (quietly)
dialog: You're too much of a coward.
dialog: Watch!
text: He drops his tommy gun and gestures Schnurrbart and Kruger
text: back. They watch worriedly as Steiner steps so close to
text: Zoll that the barrel of his rifle touches his stomach.
text: Quietly he reaches out, grasps the rifle by the barrel and
text: takes it from Zoll's hands. A sort of relieved sigh goes
text: up from the men. Zoll stands motionless, his face re-
text: flecting fear, rage and shame. Steiner picks up his tommy
dialog: gun.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Get those boxes.
text: Zoll hesitates for just a second. Then he turns and walks
text: off INTO the brush. The men look after him grimly.
scene_heading: 127. MED. SHOT - STEINER - IN A TREE
text: making his way to the top. When he nears it, he pushes
text: aside two branches to give himself a view.
scene_heading: 128. LONG SHOT - FROM STEINER'S POV
text: An enormous expanse of reeds cuts a swath across the
text: woods. Brown water shimmers along the thick stems. Then
text: there is a hundred yard width of muddy water, then more
dialog: weeds.
scene_heading: 129. MED. SHOT - STEINER
text: He looks grim as he starts his descent.
scene_heading: 130. FULL SHOT - THE MEN
text: as they wait for Steiner.
dialog: I bet this is the only dry spot
dialog: for miles around. Why don't we
dialog: just stay here?
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: Don't be silly. They won't know
dialog: where to send our pay. Ah --
text: For Steiner has dropped out of the tree.
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: Well -- ?
speaker_heading: STEINER
text: Reeds, swamp, open water, more reeds,
dialog: more swamp. Worse than I thought
dialog: it would be.
text: Steiner spreads the map on the ground. The men look over
text: his shoulders. Steiner points to something on the map.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (nods)
dialog: Tomorrow morning we'll start
text: before dawn.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: (querulously)
dialog: Straight into the creek?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Shut up! We'll march north to the
dialog: road.
dialog: How far is that?
speaker_heading: STEINER
text: About thirty miles.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: Thirty miles! It's crazy! This
dialog: way we're no more than eight miles
dialog: from Krimskaya!
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Sure. If we could cross that
dialog: swamp, and we can't!
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: Before I march thirty miles I need
dialog: something to eat.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: If you've got to have something
dialog: to eat, try tree bark. Boiled in
dialog: soft water it's supposed to be
dialog: edible. Damn it all, don't act
text: like a bunch of children.
text: They look shame-faced, but Kruger growls...
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: You've seen what the water looks
dialog: like. Like a hundred cows have
text: been scheissing in it.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Then boil it and skim it. You
dialog: won't mind the filth -- you've got
text: a pig's stomach anyway.
text: The men grin.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: We'll make a soup. Put the meat
text: and bread right in it. Kruger
text: and Schnurrbart fetch water. But
dialog: don't anybody try drinking the
dialog: muck before it's boiled. The rest
dialog: of us can gather wood.
text: The men make a movement to start.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Wait a minute -- we may as well
dialog: settle this now. We'll need a
dialog: volunteer for sentry duty tonight.
dialog: At least to start it off --
text: Nobody answers. The men don't look at each other.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: I know you're all tired, but --
dialog: Sergeant, I --
text: At this moment, a NOISE in the brush causes all heads to
text: turn. An exhausted Zoll, lugging the ammunition boxes'
text: struggles INTO the SCENE. Steiner looks at him, then turns
dialog: to Kern.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: That's all right. The problem is
dialog: solved.
text: The men laugh, start off. Zoll looks puzzled by the laughter.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 131. CLOSE SHOT - SMALL SMOLDERING CAMP FIRE
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK to REVEAL Kruger, Schnurrbart, Kern
text: and Anselm asleep on the ground in various uncomfortable
text: postures. Pawn is breaking in the sky. The air is filled
text: with the croaking SOUND of FROGS.
scene_heading: 132. MED. SHOT - KRUGER
text: as he slowly awakens. It is a moment before he is fully
text: awake. He reaches out and nudges Kern awake.
dialog: Huh? -- What? -- Oh -- what's up?
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: Where's Steiner, do you know?
dialog: He just got up sometime ago and
text: went off somewhere.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: Did he say where?
text: By this time the conversation has awakened the other men.
dialog: I asked him, but you know Steiner
dialog: -- he just gave me a look and off
dialog: he went. I got the shits.
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: Steiner goes -- and you get scared'
dialog: huh?
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: (looks around at all
dialog: the faces)
dialog: We're all scared the minute Rolf's
dialog: not around to hold our hands.
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
text: (tosses a branch into
text: the fire, sending up
dialog: a shower of sparks)
dialog: He'll be back. Anselm, relieve Zoll.
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: (rebelliously)
dialog: Why me?
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: Hurry up and relieve Zoll. On the
dialog: double.
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: You and Schnurrbart -- big shots!
dialog: Lousy noncoms! You're all alike.
dialog: Rank goes right to your heads. It
dialog: stinks. The whole damned army
dialog: stinks. And you, Kruger, stink
dialog: worst of all!
text: Kruger picks up a dry stick of wood which is only partially
text: in the fire and tosses it at Anselm, who barely throws his
text: hand up in time. Then, with a cry of rage, he jumps across
text: the firs and onto Kruger's neck. The two men struggle on
dialog: the ground.
scene_heading: KERN, SCHNURRBART
dialog: (simultaneously)
dialog: Come on, now - stop it. Kruger!
dialog: Anselm!
text: Zoll comes running IN from his sentry post.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: What's going on here?
text: Zoll, assisted by Kern, tries to separate the two men who
text: are locked together on the ground.
dialog: Watch out -- somebody's going to get
dialog: burned in the fire!
text: Suddenly, Steiner's voice is heard.
speaker_heading: STEINER'S VOICE
dialog: Zoll -- Kern! Let them fight it out.
scene_heading: 133. MED. SHOT - STEINER
text: His gun is in the back of an elderly RUSSIAN. The others
dialog: are in the b.g.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Why shouldn't they kill each
dialog: other? Why should the Russians
dialog: have to do it?
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: Who the hell is that?
text: The old man sinks to the ground.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: It's my guess he's a very old
dialog: Russian -- what's yours?
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: Where did you find him, Rolf?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: There's a dirt road about four
text: miles from here. The road leads
text: to a bridge. He was guarding it.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
text: A bridge! A bridge that crosses
dialog: the swamp, you mean?
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: Eureka, that means we don't have
dialog: to march thirty miles to the
dialog: highway, doesn't it?
speaker_heading: KERN'S VOICE
dialog: Not to mention the forty more to
dialog: Krimskaya.
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: (feeling his
dialog: throat)
dialog: Doesn't anybody care that my neck
dialog: is broken?
speaker_heading: STEINER
text: Not so fast. On the other side
dialog: of the bridge there's a house. and
text: there are Russians in the house.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: How do you know -- did you see any?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: No, but there was smoke coming out
dialog: of the chimney. You ask him how
dialog: many there are.
text: Kruger talks in Russian to the old man, who replies. Then!
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: He says there's two wagons and
dialog: two horses.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: To hell with that. Ask him how
text: many men there are in that house.
text: Kruger speaks in Russian, but the old man just shakes his
dialog: head.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: How many men are there in the
dialog: house?
text: Kruger speaks to the old man who closes his eyes and turns
text: his head aside.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: He won't say.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (putting the muzzle
dialog: of his gun against
text: the old man's head
dialog: He has to. Ask him again.
text: Kruger expostulates with the Russian, illustrating his words
text: with unmistakable gestures. The Russian slowly opens his
text: eyes. Steiner is regarding him without expression. A
text: brief smile passes over the Russian's wrinkled, parchment-
text: like face, and he says a few words.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: What is he saying?
speaker_heading: KRUGER
text: He says he is an old man.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (calmly)
dialog: We can see that. I admire him, but
dialog: I'm going to have to shoot him.
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: Isn't it dangerous, firing a shot?
dialog: There may be some of them around,
text: looking for him.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: You may be right. On the other
dialog: hand, we can't waste time hanging
dialog: him.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: Well, let's see -- there's strangu-
dialog: lation, drowning, stoning --
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: If we had the time we'd let you
dialog: talk him to death.
text: Pause. Steiner takes a knife from his scabbard. The men
dialog: are very silent.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Any volunteers?
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: How about you, Zoll? You were a
dialog: butcher in civilian life, weren't
dialog: you?
text: The joke falls flat, even with Anselm.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: If everybody's scared, I might
dialog: have a try at it.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: No. I'll make it quick and clean.
dialog: (lifts the Russian
dialog: to his feet, to
dialog: Kruger)
dialog: We'll give him one more chance.
dialog: Tell him what I'm going to do.
text: Kruger speaks to the Russian who says nothing, doesn't
text: even shake his head.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: All right, then --
text: He pushes the Russian ahead of him toward a grove of small
text: trees, CAMERA TRUCKING with them.
scene_heading: 134. FULL SHOT - GROUP
text: They stand around in silence. A low GASP is HEARD O.S.
text: The men tense. Anselm ventures to look off.
scene_heading: 135. LONG SHOT - ANSELM'S POV
text: Steiner is seen bent over, leaning against a tree.
scene_heading: 136. FULL SHOT - GROUP
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: I'll say this for Steiner. At
text: least he's throwing up.
text: All eyes are fixed o.s. After a few moments, Steiner
text: comes back IN. His knife and scabbard are both gone.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: All right, get your things together.
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: I wonder how many Russians there
dialog: are in that house.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Since we've got to cross that bridge,
text: it doesn't matter how many there are.
dialog: Aren't we too few for the job?
speaker_heading: STEINER
text: No. There's only the front door
dialog: and one window on the side. We'll
dialog: smoke them out with grenades, then
text: mow them down as they come out.
dialog: (looks at Zoll)
dialog: And hang on to your ammunition boxes.
dialog: We're going to need them.
text: Steiner picks up his pack.
scene_heading: 137. LONG SHOT - A ONE-STORY HOUSE - DAY
text: It is made of massive logs. Smoke is pouring from one of
text: the chimneys. The CAMERA STARTS PULLING BACK and we see
text: that a creek flows parallel to the house. Its bank is
text: overgrown with shoulder-high reeds which sway gently in
text: the wind. Two unhitched wagons, their contents concealed
text: under dark brown canvas' stand by the side of the house.
text: Then we see a primitive but wide wooden bridge with rails
text: on both sides. In the center, leaning against the narrow
text: slats of the railing, stands a GUARD -- an elderly man with
text: a yellow, wrinkled face. His cap is pushed back on his
text: head and he is staring dully at the dirty surface of the
text: water. His tommy gun is slung diagonally across his back.
text: The CAMERA CONTINUES BACKWARD across the bridge into the
text: reeds. Finally, it comes to rest on the flattened shapes
text: of Steiner and his platoon who are gazing intently at the
text: sight. The men speak in whispers.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: You realize how important it is
dialog: that no one -- not a single one --
dialog: escapes?
dialog: We won't be able to get them all.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: We have to get them all. Once the
dialog: Russians find out there are Germans
dialog: behind their lines there'll be
text: hundreds of them beating the bushes
dialog: for us.
text: He looks at the men significantly. They nod grimly.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Anselm -- you and Kruger stay here.
dialog: Set up the machine gun -- see that no
text: one gets past this way. The rest
dialog: will come with me. Keep your heads
dialog: behind the trees -- and remember, if
dialog: one of them gets away we're sunk.
text: with bent back, he moves forward, the men following.
text: Anselm starts setting up the machine gun.
scene_heading: 138. MED. SHOT - STEINER AND MEN
text: walking cautiously through the woods to get on the other
text: side of the house. The CAMERA FOCUSES on Zoll, who is
text: last in line. His eyes are fixed on the ground, on small
text: patches of SUNLIGHT on the ground. They change shape,
text: expand and contract each time the leaves stir overhead.
text: Suddenly Zoll takes mincing little steps, now jumping or
text: skipping to avoid a band of SUNLIGHT. He becomes so
text: absorbed in this that he is oblivious to everything else.
text: He doesn't notice that Steiner is standing in his path,
text: watching him curiously. Zoll is on the point of jumping
text: over a broad s trip of LIGHT when his eyes meet Steiner's.
text: His intended jump becomes a halting step that carries him
text: right into the middle of the SUNLIT band. Zo11 stands
text: still, looking into Steiner's face.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: (weak smile)
dialog: Just a game --
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (incredulously)
dialog: A what? A game?
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: (apologetically
dialog: When we were kids -- a came -- we'd
text: race through the woods. No one
dialog: was allowed to step on a spot of
dialog: sunlight --
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: I see. And would you like us to
dialog: join you in the game? Perhaps we
dialog: could find the time.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: I only thought -- silly idea -- if I
dialog: don't step on a spot of sunlight
dialog: now I'd come through this all right.
text: He smiles an abject, apologetic smile. Steiner's face
text: is expressionless. He turns to the men, motions them to
text: the ground. Zoll is the last to obey.
scene_heading: 139. MED. SHOT - STEINER ON THE GROUND
text: The men behind him.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: I'll take care of the gentleman
dialog: on the bridge. When I run -- you
dialog: follow me --
dialog: (looks at Zoll)
dialog: -- taking special care to avoid
text: the spots of sunlight.
text: Zoll flashes a look of hatred at Steiner, but remains quiet.
text: Steiner lifts his tommy gun, sights it at the man on the
text: bridge. He takes his time. Beside him, Kern is trembling
dialog: visibly.
scene_heading: 140. LONG SHOT - THE GUARD ON THE BRIDGE
dialog: He has not changed his position.
scene_heading: 141. ANGLE - OVER STEINER'S SHOULDER
text: SHOOTING TOWARD the Guard in the b.g. Steiner is still
dialog: aiming.
text: Then he FIRES -- a whipping round of SHOTS. In the b.g., we
text: SEE the man on the bridge start to move as though he stood
text: on a whirling disc. Then his hands grip the wooden railing
text: for support. His legs sag, and he slides, knees first,
text: underneath the railing and into the dirty water. Steiner
text: jumps to his feet, runs madly for the bridge, the men
dialog: following.
scene_heading: 142. OTHER SIDE OF BRIDGE
text: as Steiner comes across, throws himself flat on the ground.
text: The others, close behind, do the same. They all SHOOT
text: round after round at the doors of the hut. Then --
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (holding up his hand)
dialog: Stop!
text: A FINAL BURST from Kern and then there is stillness. The
text: men look toward the house.
scene_heading: 143. LONG SHOT - THE HOUSE
text: There is not a sound from the house. Not a single sign
dialog: of any activity.
scene_heading: 144. MED. SHOT - THE MEN
text: still lying flat on their stomachs. They turn their faces
text: to look at each other questioningly.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: (hopefully)
dialog: Maybe there's nobody in the house.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Don't worry, there is.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: Well, it can't be too large a
dialog: force.
dialog: Enough to give us a hero's death.
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: (to Steiner)
dialog: What do you make of it?
dialog: (excitedly)
dialog: Look -- !
text: A figure is rushing toward them.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Don't shoot -- it's Kruger!
text: Kruger comes RUNNING IN, out of breath.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: Rolf --
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Why did you leave your post?
dialog: Anselm can't handle them alone.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
text: Anselm is in the house.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: What?
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: Didn't you hear the screaming?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Screaming?
dialog: (looks at the men
dialog: for confirmation)
speaker_heading: KRUGER
text: Women's screams, then moans. So
dialog: Anselm went in.
dialog: (bitterly)
dialog: Naturally. If it's anything to
dialog: do with women --
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: What do you mean, women?
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: I mean women! Anselm says to come
dialog: over.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Well, it's nice of him to invite
dialog: us. Kern, you stay outside. Fire.
dialog: one shot if you see anyone coming.
text: He gets up, runs toward the house, the men following.
scene_heading: 145. EXT. HOUSE
text: as Steiner comes INTO the SCENE, kicks open the front door.
scene_heading: 146. INT. HOUSE - HALL
text: It is a narrow hall, which separates two rooms. From the
text: left room comes a weird MOAN. The men look at each other.
text: Steiner walks to the room.
scene_heading: 147. INT. ROOM
text: The entire long wall of the room is taken up by a heap of
text: straw covered with blankets. Crowded together in the rear
text: half of the room, faces half-defiant, half-terrified, are
text: about a dozen and a half WOMEN in Russian uniforms. They
text: carry no weapons. Most of them are big breasted, stocky
text: women. Their full blouses, reaching down over their hips
text: are gathered at the waist by broad belts. One or two
dialog: are fairly young and attractive, and there is one exceed-
text: ingly pretty GIRL. At the women's feet, bedded down on
text: the straw, lies a young WOMAN, the clothing stripped away
text: from the upper part of her body, a blood-soaked bandage
text: Covering her right breast. Her eyes are closed, she emits
text: the weird MOAN.
text: Anselm is guarding them. Steiner and the men stop in their
text: tracks as they see the women.
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: (grinning broadly)
dialog: I hope you put me in for the Iron
dialog: Cross, Sergeant. I took them
text: single-handed.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: Well, what do we do with them?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: What do you do with armed guerrillas,
dialog: male or female?
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: These are not guerrillas. They're
dialog: regular uniformed troops. Besides
dialog: -- they had no arms.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: If they're regular troops, we'll
dialog: treat them as we must treat all
dialog: prisoners in our situation.
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: You mean, shoot them?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Do you see any other way? If
text: one of them escapes and gets to
dialog: the Russian lines before us, we're
dialog: done for.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: Steiner is right. The women must
dialog: be killed.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (looks at Zoll)
dialog: Despite the fact that you agree
dialog: with me, I still feel I'm right.
text: His glance falls on the wounded woman.
text: him with an expression of wild horror.
text: beside her speaks in Russian.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: What did she say, Kruger?
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: She says there's a kettle of hot
text: She is looking at
speaker_heading: An older WOMAN
text: water in the room across the
dialog: hall. Please help the girl, she
dialog: says.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Anselm, get the water. We'll clean
dialog: the wound.
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: (bewildered)
dialog: What's the sense of fixing her up,
dialog: if you're going to shoot her?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Get the water.
text: Anselm shrugs, GOES OUT.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (to Kruger)
dialog: Ask them where they come from
dialog: and where they were going. Tell
dialog: them if they lie to us we'll throw
text: them in the creek.
text: Kruger talks in Russian, the older Woman, who appears to
text: be an officer, replies.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: (to Steiner)
dialog: They belong to the B d th Women's
text: Mortar Battalion and are on their
dialog: way from Maihop to Krimskaya. I
dialog: think she's telling the truth.
text: Steiner looks grim. Anselm COMES IN with a bowl of hot
text: water, sets it on the floor.
scene_heading: 148. MED. SHOT - STEINER AND WOUNDED WOMAN
text: as he bends down beside her. She tries to roll back
text: against the wall.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Take it easy. What do you think
dialog: I want to do?
text: He lifts the bandage. We do not see the wound, but from
text: Steiner's face, we know that it is a serious one.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (opening his first
dialog: aid kit)
dialog: Are you in pain?
text: The woman understands, nods.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (enigmatically)
dialog: The pain will be over soon.
text: He starts to wash the wound. In the b.g., we CAN SEE that
text: the other women have not changed their posture. They
text: are still huddled together against the wall, fearfully
text: watching his movements.
text: Steiner lays a compress on the wound.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: This is ridiculous. A nice clean
text: bandage -- then a bullet.
text: Before Steiner can reply there is a NOISE at the door.
scene_heading: 149. MED. SHOT - KERN AND OLD RUSSIAN
text: Kern has his gun in the Russian's back. The Russian is
text: squat and stocky and despite his age looks powerful.
dialog: (grinning proudly)
dialog: He practically walked into our
dialog: arms --
speaker_heading: OLD RUSSIAN
dialog: (to Steiner, raising
text: his hand pleadingly)
dialog: Captain --
text: Steiner pushes him in the direction of the women, motions
text: for him to lie down. As the old man reels, several of
dialog: the women SCREAM.
dialog: I had a look at the wagons, Sergeant
dialog: -- there's plenty of food. Canned.
dialog: stuff.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Good. Zoll, you stay here. If
dialog: any of the women starts anything,
text: shoot her at once.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: (as they walk off)
dialog: When do I get to eat?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Don't be in such a hurry. Who
dialog: wants to eat?
text: He starts OUT.
scene_heading: 150. CLOSE SHOT - PAIR OF HIGHLY POLISHED OFFICER'S BOOTS
text: CAMERA PANS UP to a MED. SHOT of Colonel Brandt on the
text: telephone. The scene is obviously his new headquarters
text: in Krimskaya, the second floor of a Russian building.
text: Captain Kiesel stands near the window, listening.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Yes, General.... Yes, General,
dialog: we're so solidly dug in, it seems
dialog: almost a shame --
dialog: (smiles ironically
dialog: at Kiesel)
dialog: I say that, General, because in
dialog: four or five days -- we'll be driven
dialog: out of these beautifully dug-in
dialog: positions.
dialog: (another smile
dialog: to Kiesel)
dialog: Certainly, General. I know about
dialog: German valor. without that valor,
dialog: I wouldn't give us more than two
dialog: days -- Yes, General. I will, sir.
dialog: (hangs up, shrugs
dialog: in Kiesel'S
dialog: direction)
dialog: The General was short with me; but
dialog: he knows the truth as well as I do.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: Of course. It's always he who
dialog: orders us to fall back, isn't it?
text: There is a KNOCK at the door.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Come in.
text: An ORDERLY opens the door for a CAPTAIN.
speaker_heading: CAPTAIN KILIUS
dialog: Captain Kilius reporting, sir.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Oh, yes. You have your orders?
speaker_heading: KILIUS
dialog: Yes, sir. And a letter for you.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
text: (as he opens the
dialog: envelope)
dialog: This is Captain Kiesel--
text: Kiesel and Kilius shake hands.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Captain Kilius comes to us from
dialog: the Western Front.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: Really? Whatever induced you to
dialog: leave, Captain?
text: Kilius smiles wanly. Brandt, reading the letter, snorts
text: loudly.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Didn't you once mention Captain
dialog: Stransky's good connections?
speaker_heading: KIESEL
text: There is a Major General Stransky
dialog: attached to Army High Command,
dialog: South. He is, I think, a cousin
dialog: of Captain Stransky's.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: I see.
dialog: (tosses letter on
text: table as if it
dialog: were filth)
dialog: You can guess what that is, can't
dialog: you?
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: His transfer, of course.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: Exactly. Herr Stransky is to report
dialog: to Paris within a week.
text: There's a silence in the room as if both men had forgotten
text: the presence of Kilius. Then Brandt recovers. He turns
dialog: to Kilius.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Please excuse me' Captain. My
dialog: orderly will arrange for your
dialog: billeting.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: Don't unpack too thoroughly.
dialog: We'll be on the move soon.
speaker_heading: KILIUS
dialog: (smiles)
dialog: Thank you, Colonel Brandt.
text: Se salutes, LEAVES.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: He's so new here, he didn't even
dialog: ask in which direction.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: That bastard, Stransky!
dialog: (shrugs)
dialog: without Steiner to contradict him,
dialog: he'll get his Iron Cross and strut
dialog: all over Paris. That arrogant
dialog: bastard!
dialog: (pause)
dialog: So Stransky will be in Paris, while
dialog: Steiner --
text: (looks glumly out
dialog: the window)
dialog: God knows where he is --
scene_heading: 151. CLOSE SHOT - STEINER
text: stuffing food into his mouth. The CAMERA PULLS BACK to
text: show the scene as the exterior of the house, at one of the
dialog: wagons.
text: The other men are eating greedily too. Steiner turns,
text: looks toward the window of the house.
scene_heading: 152. CLOSE SHOT - ZOLL'S FACE - AT WINDOW
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK to take in the Russian female prisoners
text: and the old man. The women are still huddled close together
text: as close to the wall as they can get. They are asleep or
text: pretending to be asleep. The wounded woman lies with her
text: head on another woman's lap. Her eyes are closed and she
text: MOANS softly in her sleep.
scene_heading: 153. MED. SHOT - OLD MAN AND YOUNG GIRL
text: They are sitting in the forefront, and are the only ones
text: not asleep. Their heads are together and they are
text: whispering. The girl is no more than twenty and very
text: pretty. The old man's expression is very worried.
scene_heading: 154. MED. SHOT - ZOLL
text: as he turns from the window. He sees the old man and the
text: young girl whispering.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: Shut up, you two!
dialog: The old man
text: and young girl draw slightly apart. The girl
text: looks at Zoll and her expression is frightened.
scene_heading: 155. CLOSE SHOT - ZOLL
dialog: as he looks
text: her figure.
text: He looks at
dialog: away, walks
dialog: not to look
text: 156. MED.
dialog: The old man
dialog: resumed his
text: at the girl. His eyes glide searchingly over
text: It is very evident what he is thinking.
text: her quite a while, then, with an effort, turns
text: to the door, stands with his back to it, tries
text: at the girl.
scene_heading: SHOT - GIRL AND OLD MAN
text: has moved closer to her, and has cautiously
text: whispering. The girl's expression is still
text: tense. She draws back in fright as Zoll suddenly comes
text: INTO the SCENE.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: I told you to be quiet, didn't
text: He lifts his foot and, kicking his boot against the old
text: man's shoulder, sends him sprawling on his back. The old
text: man looks up at him, then, as if resigned, turns over on
text: his side. Zoll looks at the girl. It is some time before
text: he takes his gaze away. Then, he walks to the window,
text: looks out again. In the b.g., we SEE the men grouped
text: around the fire, evidently eating. After a moment, Zoll
text: turns away from the window. The CAMERA is CLOSE on his
text: FACE and we SEE him gape and stand rooted to the spot.
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK to take in Zoll and the young girl.
text: Her head is bowed and she is fingering her blouse. The
text: top button is already open. She doesn't look at Zoll and
text: she slowly unfastens the second button. Zoll gulps, then
text: looks at the old man who is lying on his side, eyes closed.
text: Zoll's eyes take in the rest of the room, the CAMERA PANNING
text: with his gaze. Most of the women seem to be asleep, or are
text: sitting with heads drooping, staring at the floor. Then,
text: the CAMERA comes to rest on the young girl again. She is
text: looking steadily toward Zoll who watches her in fascination.
text: She unfastens another button. Then she closes one eye in
text: a slow wink and smiles at Zoll.
scene_heading: 157. CLOSE SHOT - ZOLL
text: He holds his breath. He is perspiring slightly.
scene_heading: 158. MED. SHOT - ZOLL AND GIRL
text: The door to the hall is in the b.g. The girl has now
text: unbuttoned the last button and is looking smilingly at
text: Zoll, who stands hesitant. 'But now, the tread of heavy
text: BOOTS is HEARD in the hall. Zoll hurriedly jumps to the
text: wall and comes to an attitude of strict attention. The
text: door opens and Schnurrbart APPEARS.
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: Everything all right?
text: Zoll manages to nod indifferently. Out of the corner of
text: his eye he looks toward the girl. She is holding her
text: blouse closed and staring vacantly at the floor.
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
text: As soon as Kern has finished eating
dialog: he'll take over so you can eat.
text: (his eyes rove over
dialog: the prisoners)
dialog: They asleep?
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: (curtly)
dialog: They seem to be.
text: He is anxious for Schnurrbart to leave, but Schnurrbart
text: takes his time. He comes all the way into the room, his
text: eyes on the prisoners.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: What do you want? Everything
dialog: is all right.
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: Doesn't it seem funny to you that
dialog: they're all asleep?
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: Why is it so funny?
text: Schnurrbart shrugs, goes OUT. Zoll kicks the door shut
text: quickly turns to look at the girl.
scene_heading: 159. MED. SHOT - THE GIRL
text: She has opened her eyes and is looking encouragingly at
text: Zoll. When he doesn't stir, she spreads her blouse open,
text: puts her hand under her undershirt. with her other hand
text: she beckons to Zoll.
scene_heading: 160. CLOSE SHOT - ZOLL
text: He digs his teeth into his lower lip. He stands as if
text: nailed to the spot. His eyes sweep over the heads of
text: the other prisoners. pause upon the face of the man.
text: Although the old man is lying with closed eyes, Zoll looks
text: at him suspiciously. But then he looks toward the girl
dialog: again --
scene_heading: 161. MED. SHOT - THE GIRL
text: She smiles at Zoll and begins to push herself along the
text: floor toward him. This overcomes Zoll's fears. He
text: takes one last look at the old man, then beckons to the
text: girl with a movement of his head.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: (softly)
dialog: Come. Come with me.
text: She hesitates and glances at the old man for the briefest
text: moment. His eyes are still closed, his back is to them.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: (hoarsely, with
dialog: another gesture)
dialog: I said--come.
text: The coquettish smile on the girl's face has vanished. There
text: is fear in her eyes. She doesn't move. He takes one long
text: stride to her, grasps her shoulders tightly, pulls her to
text: her feet. He throws another glance at the old man who
text: doesn't stir. Abruptly, Zoll pulls the resisting girl
text: by the waist to the door. He throws open the door, pulls
text: the girl into the hall.
scene_heading: 162. MED. SHOT - IN HALL - ZOLL
text: looks madly around. There is a door on the opposite side
text: of the hall. He turns to the girl, sees that she is trying
text: with her free hand to button her blouse. Zoll shoves her
text: toward the opposite door.
scene_heading: 163. INT. OPPOSITE ROOM
text: as the door is flung open and Zoll, dragging the girl,
text: COMES IN. The room is sparsely furnished, its chief
text: feature being a huge wardrobe closet against the one wall.
text: As Zoll lays his tommy gun down in a corner, the girl
text: suddenly breaks loose and runs toward the door. In two
text: bounds, Zoll is at her side. He throws her to the ground,
text: falls on her, panting with exertion and excitement. She
text: tries to defend herself, her clenched hands battle against
text: his face and she begins to scream. Zoll, who has ripped
text: her blouse off her shoulders, drags one of the blankets
text: over her face, smothers her screams.
scene_heading: 164. HALL - THE OLD RUSSIAN
text: stands hesitant as he HEARS the MUFFLED SCREAMS.
text: Then he runs to the front
text: door, peers cautiously out, RUNS OUT.
scene_heading: 165. EXT. HOUSE - AT WAGON - THE MEN
text: have just about finished eating.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: (sitting up suddenly)
dialog: What was that?
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: What was what?
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: (overlapping)
dialog: I thought I heard a shot.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: I heard it. It was a shot, all
dialog: right...
speaker_heading: KERN'S VOICE
dialog: (faint and far off)
dialog: Rolf -- Kruger --
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: It's Kern!
text: He and Kruger RUN OFF. Then the others follow.
scene_heading: 166. FULL SHOT - KERN LYING ON GROUND
text: Anselm and Kruger run in, bend over him. Steiner and
text: Schnurrbart COME IN.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
text: He's hurt -- Kern is hurt --
text: Steiner looks grimly in the direction of the hut.
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: Maybe a company of Russians has
dialog: come up.
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
text: One shot, and it's a company of
dialog: Russians!
dialog: (gasping)
dialog: The old Russian -- he ran past --
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: What!
dialog: Sorry, Steiner -- I was in no position
dialog: to -- he grabbed my gun --
text: He falls silent, his eyes close. Steiner bends over to
dialog: examine him.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: How bad is he?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (getting up)
dialog: He's probably finished. Do what
dialog: you can for him.
dialog: (looks grimly
dialog: toward hut)
dialog: I think I'll have a few words with
dialog: Herr Zoll.
text: As he starts away, the men look down worriedly at Kern.
scene_heading: 167. INT. HALL - OF HUT
text: as Steiner comes RUNNING IN. He is about to enter the
text: room on the right when he HEARS WHIMPERING from within
text: the room on the left. He listens for a moment, then the
text: WHIMPERING IS HEARD AGAIN. Steiner lifts his foot, kicks
text: the door in.
scene_heading: 168. INT. ROOM- ZOLL
text: who is fastening the buckle on his belt, whirls around as
text: the door flies open. The girl lies on the floor naked
text: and whimpering. Zoll stares incredulously at Steiner
text: in the doorway. For a few seconds they merely stare at
dialog: each other.
text: Then Steiner comes slowly into the room and slowly approaches
text: Zoll until he is right in front of him. The WHIMPERING of
text: the girl STOPS.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: I hope you had a good time,
dialog: because you're going to pay
dialog: quite a price for it.
text: He raises his gun. Zoll takes a step backward in terror.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: (incredulously)
dialog: You're not going to shoot me?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: You left your post, you let a
dialog: prisoner escape, you've endangered
dialog: all our lives.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: But Steiner, he was asleep -- I swear
dialog: it -- he was asleep.
text: Steiner hesitates, then his eyes fall on something.
scene_heading: 169. CLOSE SHOT - THE SINGLE-DOORED WARDROBE
text: It fills the entire left corner of the room. It is
text: massively built, but has no lock, the door can only be
text: closed by a wooden catch.
scene_heading: 170. MED. SHOT - STEINER AND ZOLL
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (to Zoll, indicating
dialog: wardrobe)
dialog: Open the door.
text: Zoll doesn't move, his face reflecting fear. Then, invol-
text: untarily, he glances toward his t
text: the farthest corner of the room.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: Don't try it. You couldn't get
text: ommy gun -- out of reach in
text: Steiner catches his Glance.
dialog: there. Come on, open the wardrobe.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: Not until you tell me why you
dialog: want me to open it.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (in sudden fury)
dialog: Go on, go on, hurry up.
text: Zoll turns quickly, walks to ward
dialog: little.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: More.
text: robe, opens the door a
text: Zoll pulls the door wide open. The wardrobe is empty inside,
text: Steiner nods in satisfaction. He turns his head for a
text: moment to see that the girl's gaze is fixed upon him. He
text: turns to Zoll.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: If she had a gun she'd fill us
text: both. Get into the wardrobe.
text: Zoll, his eyes wide with fear, takes a quick step to the
text: side. Steiner steps up to Zoll, whacks him across the
text: face with the heavy barrel of his gun. Zoll lets out a
text: wild shriek, presses both hands against his nose, which
text: streams blood. Steiner, ignoring his cries, shoves him
text: into the wardrobe. Steiner slams the door shut, pushes
text: the wooden catch down. From within, comes Zoll's MUFFLED
scene_heading: VOICE -- "Steiner -- Steiner --"
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (loudly)
dialog: If you make a sound, I'll fire
text: through the wood.
text: From the side he tugs at the wardrobe until he has moved
text: it somewhat away from the wall. Then, he squeezes between
text: the wall and the rear of the wardrobe. He braces his
text: back against the wail and, with a mighty shove, pushes
text: the wardrobe over. It crashes to the floor, sending up a
text: cloud of dust, behind which appears the girl's white face.
text: For a few seconds there is silence, then Zoll begins to
text: SHOUT and KICK. Steiner hammers the butt of his gun
text: against the rear wall of the wardrobe. The SHOUTING STOPS.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Stop the racket. And don't be
dialog: ungrateful. For you, the war is
dialog: over.
dialog: (he turns to the
dialog: girl; gestures)
dialog: You stay here.
text: He looks at the wardrobe with grim satisfaction, WALKS OUT.
scene_heading: 171. INT. HALL
text: as Steiner COMES OUT. He HEARS a woman SHOUTING from the
text: other room. Steiner crosses to the room.
scene_heading: 172. INT. OTHER ROOM
text: as Steiner COMES IN. A woman SHOUTS at him.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (looks at the
dialog: wounded woman}
dialog: How do you feel? Any better?
text: The woman just stares up at him. Steiner kneels, looks
text: at the bandage.
text: Anselm, Kruger and Schnurrbart come RUNNING IN, in a
text: state of great excitement. The former has a roll of
text: maps in his hand, the latter carries a walkie-talkie.
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: Sergeant -- we were rummaging through
dialog: the second wagon and look what we --
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: You picked a lovely time to go
dialog: souvenir hunting. What good is
dialog: a Russian walkie-talkie to us?
dialog: What have you got?
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: A pretty goddamn good map. It's
dialog: not only got their positions in front
dialog: of Krimskaya -- it's got ours, too.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Why, that's almost German efficiency.
text: He spreads the map on the table, looks
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: What do you make of it?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: A work of art. What Colonel Brandt
dialog: wouldn't give to have this.
dialog: (looks at map again)
dialog: Their Company Three is pretty well
text: spread out. Right opposite is a hill
dialog: marked on our side.
dialog: (again examines
dialog: map)
dialog: The best spot to cross looks like
text: Number Three's spot.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: Through a whole company?
text: at it critically.
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: And in our gorgeous gray-green
dialog: uniforms, some chance we'd have.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: It's the only chance we have. The
dialog: dark will give us some --
text: He pauses, as his eyes fall upon the Russian women. He
text: stands silent as the men look at him.
dialog: Kruger.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Tell them to undress.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (impatiently)
dialog: Them, the women. Tell them to
text: Then he turns to
text: undress.
scene_heading: 173. CLOSE SHOT - WARDROBE - ZOLL
text: can be HEARD BANGING FEEBLY on the door.
scene_heading: 174. OTHER ROOM
text: The men are in various stages of jonning the women's
text: uniforms. They are grumbling.
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: Where in hell is Zoll?
text: There is a sudden silence. The men look at Steiner, who
text: is searching around for a blouse.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: I don't think we have to worry
dialog: about him.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: Has he skipped out?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: What would you have done in
dialog: his place? Hurry up, or we'll
dialog: have a Russian regiment on our
dialog: necks.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: (bursting out)
dialog: Suppose we do sneak through the
dialog: Russian lines? Our own men
dialog: will mow us down, us looking like
dialog: a pack of damned Russians!
text: A silence falls upon the men.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Don't you prefer a German bullet
dialog: to a Russian one? Where's your
dialog: national pride?
text: Bitter, raucous laughter from the men.
text: The men, the uniforms in their arms, start for the door,
text: with backward glances at the women. The men GO.
scene_heading: 175. MED. SHOT - STEINER AND KRUGER
text: who are bringing up the rear. The old Russian woman
text: SHOUTS some thing.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: What did you say?
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: She still wants to know where
text: the young girl is.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Tell her when we're gone, to
text: look across the hall.
text: Kruger speaks to the woman. The wounded woman moans.
text: Steiner, his face expressionless, bends, lifts the
text: bandage. inspects the wound.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: How does it look?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (getting up)
text: She's a goner. Very soon now.
text: The wounded woman, looking up at them intently, speaks in
text: low, halting tones. Steiner looks inquiringly at Kruger,
text: who shrugs.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: She says how do we like it now
dialog: that they have us on the run?
text: Steiner is silent a moment.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Have you got an answer to that?
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: Then, let's go.
text: He stalks OUT, followed by Kruger.
scene_heading: 176. FULL SHOT - THE WOMEN
text: are donning whatever clothing the men have left behind.
text: Others have draped blankets around themselves. Three
text: women are bending over the wounded woman. From the ex-
text: pressions on their faces we know that the end is near for
text: their wounded compatriot.
scene_heading: 177. MED. SHOT - WOMAN AT WINDOW
text: She is peering out cautiously. After a few moments. she
text: turns and says something in Russian to the other women.
text: Several come hastening to the window, look out.
scene_heading: 178. LONG SHOT - WOMEN'S POV
text: In the b.g., we SEE the men walking off. with Steiner in
text: the lead, they DISAPPEAR into the woods.
scene_heading: 179. MED. SHOT - WOMEN - AT WINDOW
text: They turn and their faces express grim satisfaction.
text: Then, a large woman, evidently the leader, looks through
text: the open door, across the hall to the door beyond. Her
text: face sets. The women follow her gaze.
scene_heading: 180. INT. OPPOSITE ROOM - THE WARDROBE
text: is lying flat on the floor. The CAMERA MOVES UP CLOSER
dialog: to it.
scene_heading: 181. INT. WARDROBE - ZOLL
text: is lying on his stomach, his head resting on his arms,
text: his mouth to a small crack in the planks. After a moment,
text: he raises himself up on one elbow, listens carefully. He
text: thinks he hears something -- but evidently he is mistaken.
text: He lies flat on the floor again. Then he reaches for his
text: glasses which are lying by his side. He inspects them;
text: they are broken. He shakes his head in anger. He presses
text: his mouth to the crack again, breathes. The neat is
text: intense. He wipes the Perspiration from his face. Finally
text: he opens the buttons of his shirt, pulls down his trousers
text: and turns over on his back. He lies still and quiet for
text: a few moments, then an expression of great fear comes
text: into his face. He calls out!
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: Steiner -- ! Steiner -- Kruger -- !
dialog: Schnurrbart! I'm in here -- !
text: There isn't a sound, and Zoll's fear grows.
speaker_heading: ZOLL
dialog: (yelling)
dialog: Steiner -- do you hear me! Let me
dialog: out! Schnurrbart -- it's Zoll, I'm
dialog: in here -- !
text: His shouting has become frantic. He pounds on the door.
text: He crooks his body and beats his heels against the bottom
text: of the wardrobe. He digs his hands into the crack of the
text: door and pulls until his fingers are bleeding. At last,
text: he lies still, punting for air. Then, his expression
text: freezes. There is the SOUND of softly advancing FOOTSTEPS.
text: The wardrobe begins to move. Twice, Zoll is jolted against
text: the wood -- and suddenly there is DAYLIGHT.
scene_heading: 182. EXT. WARDROBE - THE CROWD OF WOMEN
text: are grouped around the wardrobe, the door of which has
text: been smashed open.
scene_heading: 183. MED. SHOT - ZOLL - ON FLOOR OF WARDROBE
text: Stunned, he pulls himself up to a half-sitting position
text: and blinks in speechless terror at the crowd of mocking
text: faces that are bending over him, at rows of breasts
text: bulging out of dirty underwear. Suddenly, dozens of
text: hands reach into the wardrobe, grip his hair, his clothes,
text: his limbs, pull him up and hurl him to the floor of the
text: room. As he starts to defend himself, his arms and legs
text: are pinioned, his clothes torn off, and a rain of merciless
text: blows beat down upon him. Russian CURSES fill the air.
scene_heading: 184. CLOSE SHOT - ZOLL'S FACE
text: as the blows rain on him. Just above him is the face of
text: the young Russian girl he has raped. Her hair hangs in
text: tangled strands over her forehead, her eyes gleam like
text: green glass lighted from within. She does not strike him
text: or curse him as the others are doing. She only stands
text: stooped above him, staring at him in silence. And as
text: Zoll looks into her face, the blood runs down his fore-
text: head, bubbles out of his nose and mouth. He jerks and
text: writhes under the kicks and punches.
scene_heading: 185. FULL SHOT - WOMEN
text: as they beat Zoll, who is hidden from the CAMERA.
text: Suddenly, there breaks from him a SCREAM that no longer
text: resembles anything human. The scream paralyzes the women.
text: For a moment, they stop the beating. Several hold their
text: hands to their ears. Then, one woman shakes off the
text: paralysis. with both feet at once, she jumps on the
text: bellowing, twitching, bleeding body. The others spring
text: on him, too, stamping, screaming and kicking.
scene_heading: 186. CLOSE SHOT - DOZENS OF BOOTS
text: as they jump up and down mercilessly on Zoll's body.
scene_heading: 187. LONG SHOT - FROM HALL - THROUGH OPEN DOOR
text: at the spectacle. Gradually, the kicking and jumping
text: stop. The women turn, file slowly OUT of the room. Two
text: of them have their arms around the softly weeping young
dialog: girl. When the last have walked PAST the CAMERA, it
text: STARTS to MOVE SLOWLY TOWARD the battered body in the
text: center of the room.
scene_heading: 188. CLOSE SHOT- ZOLL'S FEET
text: lying quietly on the floor. A ray of SUNLIGHT is coming
text: through the window -- and we see the feet lying in a pool
text: of flickering LIGHT.
scene_heading: 189. INT. DARK ROOM
text: dimly LIT by one candle. At the window, his back to CAMERA
text: stands a half-dressed man. Evidently, he has been roused
text: from bed. O.S. we HEAR another man's VOICE.
speaker_heading: MAN'S VOICE
dialog: --They'll be coming through at
text: Hill 124 at 0400. Sergeant
dialog: Steiner and what's left of his
dialog: platoon. Their signal will be
text: two flares in quick succession.
dialog: then a count of four and a third
dialog: flare. We are to hold our fire.
text: The man at the window turns and we SEE that it is Captain
text: Stransky. His lips are set tight. The CAMERA PULLS BACK
text: to reveal the scene as Stransky's bedroom. The man who
text: has been speaking is Lieutenant Triebig.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: I see. Who received this message?
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
text: Corporal Stemple.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: was there anybody with Stemple?
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: No,sir.
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: How well do you know Stemple?
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (a split second's
dialog: hesitation)
dialog: Very well, sir.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: He's a very good -- ah -- "friend"
dialog: of yours?
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (not looking at
dialog: him)
dialog: Yes, sir.
text: Stransky looks at him closely.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: He knows how I feel about Sergeant
dialog: Steiner.
text: A look passes between the two men.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Then I take it that only you, I
dialog: and this Stemple know about this
dialog: message.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: That's right, sir.
text: Pause. Stransky indicates two packed bags on the floor.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: You know, of course, that I'm
dialog: leaving for Paris?
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: Of course, sir.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (evenly)
dialog: I could arrange to have you sent
dialog: for. Or would you have some
dialog: objection to continuing on as my
dialog: adjutant in Paris?
text: For a moment, Triebig merely gasps.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (stammering)
dialog: You don't know how grateful I
dialog: would be to you for that.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: If I sent you out on a patrol --
text: just four men -- two machine-gunners --
dialog: If, in the dark, you saw half a
text: dozen men in Russian uniforms
dialog: advancing on you, could anyone
dialog: blame you if you opened fire?
text: Triebig blinks. Stransky's voice changes. It rings like
dialog: steel.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Get that creature Steiner off my
dialog: neck and I guarantee that you will
dialog: survive this war. He must not come
dialog: back even if you have to kill him
dialog: with your bare hands.
text: Triebig stands stunned, incapable of speech.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: I know from reliable sources that
dialog: the men in this bridgehead have
dialog: been written off. Everyone south
dialog: of Perekop will suffer the same
text: fate as the sixth Army at Stalingrad.
dialog: Do you want to be here then?
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (a hoarse whisper)
dialog: No.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: within five days after I reach Paris,
dialog: you'll have your orders to join me.
dialog: You know my connections. What do
dialog: you say, Triebig?
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
text: (stares up at Stransky's
text: flushed face, swallows
dialog: hard)
dialog: I -- don't know.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: You have the choice. You can rot
dialog: here in a grave, or guzzle champagne
dialog: in France. Which do you prefer?
dialog: Pause.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: May I know one thing?
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: What is that?
text: Their eyes lock.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: Why is it so important to you?
dialog: If you are leaving here in a few
dialog: hours, it shouldn't matter to you
dialog: what happens to Steiner.
text: Stransky steps over to the window to stare out into the
text: darkness. Finally:
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (in measured tones)
dialog: What happens to Steiner is more
dialog: important to me than whether we
dialog: win or lose the war.
dialog: (turns)
dialog: But you will not understand that.
dialog: It's my personal affair, Triebig.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Are you going through with it or
dialog: not?
text: The CAMERA MOVES UP to a CLOSE SHOT of Triebig's face as
text: he stands, indecisive.
scene_heading: 190. CLOSE SHOT-KRUGER'S FACE
text: The CAMERA PULLS BACK to SHOW that he is looking at the
text: outstretched figure of Kern who is covered by a blanket
text: up to his chin. The SCENE is an open field. It is quite
text: dark. Schnurrbart comes RUNNING IN.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: Do you honestly think we can slip
dialog: through?
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: Well, we'd have a better chance
dialog: if we didn't have to --
speaker_heading: (MORE)
dialog: (looks at the sleep-
dialog: ing figure of Kern,
dialog: lowers his voice)
dialog: -- lug him along.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: What else can we do?
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Too bad about Kern. That's all
dialog: we needed.
text: Suddenly the SCENE DARKENS. The men look up.
scene_heading: 191. MOON - THEIR POV
text: It is covered by thick clouds.
scene_heading: 192. MED. SHOT - SCHNURRBART AND KRUGER
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: That's the end of the moon for
dialog: tonight. That's lucky anyhow.
text: Suddenly Kern turns on his side and lets out a terrible cry.
text: Kruger and Schnurrbart start. The scream continues to
text: issue out of Kern like an endless coil of sound unwinding
text: and unwinding from his throat.
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: Kern! -- Kern! -- for God's sake -- !
text: But the screaming continues.
scene_heading: 193. FULL SHOT
dialog: Steiner, Anselm come RUNNING IN. Steiner
dialog: side.
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: (anxiously)
dialog: He'll have the Russians on our
dialog: necks --
text: The screaming continues.
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: (hysterically)
dialog: Shoot him! Shoot him! Or it's
dialog: the end of us!
text: kneels at Kern's
text: Steiner turns such a look of scorn upon Anselm that he
text: subsides immediately, shame-faced.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (holding flashlight
text: close to Kern's
dialog: face)
dialog: Be quiet now -- You don't have to be
dialog: afraid -- we're all with You.
text: The screaming, which has been dwindling,
text: bends to listen to his heart.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: If we only had a medic with us.
dialog: He ought to have a shot or morphine.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (dully)
text: He's dead.
text: silence a moment.
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: Why be hypocrites about it? It's
dialog: better for Kern and it's better
dialog: for us. We couldn't get through
dialog: stops.
dialog: Steiner
text: the lines carrying him.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (enigmatically)
dialog: Yes, he was good enough to die in
dialog: time.
speaker_heading: ANSELM
dialog: What do we do now, bury him?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: We haven't got the time. Let the
dialog: Russians do it.
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: At least we're going to have some
dialog: sort of service, aren't we?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: I see. You believe in God?
speaker_heading: SCHNURRBART
dialog: At any rate, I believe we are
dialog: dependent on Someone who decides
dialog: our fate.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: I believe in God, too, but I think
dialog: He's a sadist.
text: Pause. The men are silent.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: All right. For the sake of
dialog: Schnurrbart who believes in God,
dialog: and so that it shouldn't be brought
dialog: up against us at the Peace Table,
dialog: we'll have a service.
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: Gather around.
text: They do. Steiner looks down at Kern.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: If Kern had died at home, a few
dialog: dozen, maybe even a hundred people
text: would be standing around his grave
dialog: in their best dark clothes. And
dialog: they would Say, "So young, it I s
dialog: always the best who go first" --
dialog: A few weeks later they would have
dialog: forgotten him. Let us not forget
dialog: him. And let's not feel too sorry
dialog: for him. At least now, he's rid
dialog: of his guilt.
dialog: (pause)
dialog: Cover him up -- and let's go.
text: Steiner STRIDES OFF. The men stand a moment, then follow
dialog: him OFF.
scene_heading: DISSOLVE TO:
scene_heading: 194. EXT. SLOPING FIELD - NIGHT - FULL SHOT
text: AS SEEN FROM a trench. The CAMERA MOVES UP to a MED. SHOT
text: of Triebig and four MEN in the trench.
text: Two machine guns have been set up. We SEE Triebig stealing
text: a furtive look at his watch. Then he looks out over the
text: field, his eyes trying to pierce the darkness. The CAMERA
text: FOLLOWS his gaze, MOVES SLOWLY DOWN the field. In the b.g.
text: we begin to perceive a huddled mass. The CAMERA MOVES
text: CLOSER and we SEE Steiner and his men, lying flat on the
text: found. Steiner is looking at his watch. Then he looks
text: toward Schnurrbart who raises a flare gun, FIRES TWO quick
speaker_heading: FLARES.
scene_heading: 195. MED. SHOT - TRIEBIG AND THE FOUR MEN
text: their FACES VISIBLE in the LIGHT o{ the FLARES. Triebig's
text: expression is tense. He turns to the men who are manning
text: the machine guns.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: Look sharp -- we may be getting
dialog: visitors.
text: The LIGHT from the FLARES dies away. A brief interval
text: and the THIRD FLARE goes up. In its light, we SEE
text: Steiner and his men running for the trench.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: Russians! Fire!
text: The two MACHINE GUNS OPEN FIRE. The SCREAMS of men mix
text: with the RATTLE of guns. We SEE three men drop. Then
text: the LIGHT is gone. All is darkness again.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (peering into the
dialog: darkness)
dialog: Steady now -- they may be coming
dialog: on again.
text: A moment's silence, then:
speaker_heading: STEINER'S VOICE
dialog: (shouting)
dialog: Sergeant Steiner here, don't shoot!
text: Triebig's face goes white. Now, figures are SEEN running
text: again, for the trench out of the darkness, their arms
text: upraised.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: It's US -- Sergeant Steiner! Don't
dialog: shoot!
text: For a moment Triebig stands paralyzed, his face contorted.
text: Then, when Steiner is almost upon him, Triebig raises his
text: tommy gun, points it at Steiner's chest.
scene_heading: ONE OF TRIEBIG'S MEN
dialog: (frantically)
dialog: Don't Lieutenant -- it's one of our
dialog: men!
text: Triebig, unheeding, is about to press the trigger when
text: the man hits his arm. Triebig's GUN FIRES harmlessly
text: into the sky. Steiner and another figure jump into the
dialog: trench.
scene_heading: 196. MED. SHOT - TRIEBIG
text: slumped against the rear wall of the trench. He is staring
text: wildly at Steiner who is bent over double, trying to
text: catch his breath. His companion is also breathing heavily.
text: We SEE it is Kruger. The man who had deflected Triebig's
text: aim addresses him.
dialog: You see, Lieutenant, I was right.
dialog: It's our men.
text: Triebig, still staring at Steiner, can't answer. Now
text: Steiner is standing erect. He fixes a steely glance
dialog: Triebig.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Why did you fire?
dialog: (savagely)
dialog: You got our message!
text: Triebig finally finds his voice.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: Uh--uh--what message?
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: (with nervous anger)
dialog: We said we were coming through
dialog: in Russian uniforms -- and where
dialog: and when --
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (not looking at
dialog: on
dialog: anyone)
dialog: I don't know anything about any --
dialog: (his voice trails
dialog: off)
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: Schnurrbart sent it. He --
dialog: (looks around)
dialog: Where's Schnurrbart?
text: A silence falls as the men turn to look through the
text: at the field. Finally --
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (voice low but
dialog: tight)
dialog: Is Anselm there too?
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: (barely audible)
dialog: darkness
dialog: He must be.
dialog: (pause, puzzled)
dialog: I don't get it. How could they
dialog: help seeing it was us?
text: Steiner turns to look at Triebig. Then he turns back to
dialog: his men.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (voice still low)
dialog: Bring them in.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: (stupidly)
dialog: Who?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Who do you think? Schnurrbart
dialog: and Anselm.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: But they must be dead.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: I know they're dead. Bring them
dialog: in.
dialog: (to Triebig's
dialog: men)
dialog: Give them a hand.
text: Triebig's men look to him for approval. Triebig barely
text: nods his head, so they scramble up the trench with Kruger
text: and DISAPPEAR INTO the darkness.
scene_heading: 197. MED. SHOT - TRIEBIG AND STEINER
text: as Steiner turns to face the terrified Lieutenant. Triebig
text: waits for Steiner to speak but the Sergeant doesn't say
text: a word. He just looks at Triebig's ashen face. For a
text: few brief moments, Triebig tries to stand up under Steiner's
text: unrelenting s tare but he cannot -- and breaks.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (hysterically)
dialog: It wasn't me -- I begged him -- !
dialog: But he insisted --
text: Steiner's face shows no surprise.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: He could have me shot, Captain
dialog: Stransky!
dialog: (his hysteria grows)
dialog: I said to him -- what does it matter
dialog: to you what happens to Steiner --
dialog: I begged him -- I --
text: He is practically shouting now. The men can be HEARD
text: RUNNING back from the field. Steiner s laps Triebig hard,
text: across the cheek, silencing him. His head is down as the
text: men APPEAR carrying two bodies. with the help of the
text: other men they lower the bodies into the trench. Not a
text: word is said. Finally the silence is broken by Kruger.
speaker_heading: KRUGER
dialog: They're finished ail right, both
dialog: of them.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (after a moment)
dialog: Take them back to Battalion. The
dialog: least we can do is bury them
dialog: decently.
dialog: (as the men are
dialog: slow to comply)
dialog: Hurry up, it'll be light soon.
scene_heading: 198. CLOSE SHOT - TRIEBIG
text: as the men set about picking up the bodies, he looks
text: anxiously at Steiner.
scene_heading: 199. CLOSE SHOT - STEINER
text: His eyes are fastened upon the two bodies. He doesn't
text: look at Triebig.
scene_heading: 200. FULL SHOT - THE GROUP
text: as they start down the trench with the two bodies. Triebig
text: and Steiner are in the rear. As Triebig starts to follow,
text: Steiner steps quickly to his side.
scene_heading: 201. CLOSE SHOT-STEINER AND TRIEBIG
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (a fierce whisper)
dialog: Stay here!
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: But --
speaker_heading: STEINER
text: (his gun in Triebig's
dialog: ribs)
dialog: Stay here!
text: Triebig freezes.
scene_heading: 202. LONG SHOT - THE GROUP
text: From Steiner's and Triebig's ANGLE, the group DISAPPEARS
text: into the darkness.
scene_heading: 203. MED. SHOT - STEINER AND TRIEBIG
text: Triebig turns terrified eyes on Steiner who is looking in
text: the direction of the departing men. Then he turns to
dialog: Triebig.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (pointing to
dialog: top trench)
dialog: Climb up.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: Why?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Climb up!
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (quavering)
dialog: You're not going to shoot me--?
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (grimly)
dialog: I promise you I am not going to
dialog: shoot you. Unless, of course,
dialog: you don't get up there at once.
text: Triebig casts an anxious, appealing look at Steiner who
text: waves to the top of the trench with his gun.
text: raises himself to the top, sits on the edge.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Stand up!
text: Triebig stands up slowly, then turns.around.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: Steiner, I --
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Turn around!
dialog: (as Triebig
dialog: hesitates)
dialog: Turn around, or I shoot!
text: Triebig turns. He is now a figure in the darkness. Steiner
text: reaches into his belt, takes something out -- SHOOTS OFF a
text: FLARE. The figure of Triebig is BRIGHTLY ILLUMINATED.
speaker_heading: TRIEBIG
dialog: (screaming)
dialog: Steiner -- !
text: But his scream is lost in the RAT - TAT - TAT of bullets from
text: the Russian side. Triebig's both hands reach into the
text: air. He reels, falls heavily back into the trench. For
text: a moment, Steiner looks down at the dark shape, the LIGHT
text: of the FLARE gone. Then he turns, walks quickly in the
text: direction the men have taken.
speaker_heading: DISSOLVE TO
scene_heading: 204. EXT. KRIMSKAYA STREET HOUSE - DAY - LONG SHOT
text: A SENTRY stands guard outside. Steiner, dressed now in
text: a rather makeshift German uniform, walks INTO the SCENE,
text: exchanges a few words with the Sentry, ENTERS the house.
scene_heading: 205. INT. ROOM OF HOUSE - BRANDT AND KIESEL
text: are facing the door expectantly. It opens and Steiner
text: COMES IN. Brandt greets him with an outstretched arm.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Well, well, Steiner--you're a
dialog: wonder!
text: (pumps his hand
dialog: vigorously)
dialog: How you ever got through with your
dialog: 
dialog: platoon-
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (Wryly)
dialog: Another man and me, Colonel.
dialog: That's my platoon.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: I imagine you have a long report
dialog: to make, Sergeant. You'd better
dialog: have a cigarette first.
text: He reaches for his cigarette case.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: I don't have to hear the report
dialog: to know there's an Iron Cross in
dialog: it for you, Steiner.
dialog: (quickly)
dialog: Now, don't tell me what I can
dialog: do with it.
text: The PHONE RINGS. Brandt picks up the receiver as Kiesel
text: lights Steiner's cigarette.
scene_heading: 206. MED. SHOT - KIESEL AND STEINER
speaker_heading: BRANDT'S VOICE
dialog: Yes, yes, Captain Stransky.
text: Steiner stiffens. This is not lost on Kiesel, who snaps
text: his lighter shut.
scene_heading: 207. MED. SHOT - BRANDT ON PHONE
dialog: Steiner and Kiesel in b.g.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (coldly)
dialog: I'm sorry, Captain Kiesel and I
dialog: will be needing my staff car almost
text: immediately. It's only a mile and
dialog: a half to the air strip. You can
dialog: walk it in twenty minutes -- Good-
dialog: bye, Captain.
dialog: (dryly)
dialog: I hope things aren't too rough in
dialog: Paris.
dialog: (hangs up)
dialog: I could let the bastard have the
dialog: car, but to hell with him. Let
dialog: him walk.
dialog: (to Steiner)
dialog: Well, I'm anxious to hear your
text: story. It must be astounding.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: May I make a request, Colonel?
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Of course.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Could I have a few hours sleep
dialog: before I make the report?
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Why certainly -- even though I'm
text: consumed with curiosity.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
text: There's an empty room in the next
dialog: house. Why don't you nap there --
dialog: and report when you're rested.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Thank you very much. I'll
dialog: do that.
text: He GOES. The two officers are silent for a moment.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: Stransky in Paris...! What
dialog: I cannot understand is why this
dialog: creature is the one to escape.
dialog: Stransky of all people.
dialog: (walks to window
dialog: and looks out)
dialog: Do you know what I'm looking at?
text: Steiner running down the road
text: like a madman.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: Which road?
speaker_heading: BRANDT
text: The road to the air strip.
text: Kiesel runs toward the door.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (sharply)
dialog: Where are you going?
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: I've got to stop Steiner... he'll
dialog: kill Stransky.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: You will stay here.
text: Kiesel continues to stand, indecisive, at the door.
text: Brandt's tone becomes harder.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: I have given you an order.
speaker_heading: KIESEL
dialog: Colonel -- you are making me guilty
dialog: as an accomplice.
speaker_heading: BRANDT
dialog: (straightening up)
dialog: I am on the point of leading my
text: regiment into a cul-de-sac from
dialog: which it has not the slightest
dialog: chance of escaping.
dialog: (ironically)
dialog: If the whole fuhrer business
dialog: were to start tomorrow, what
dialog: would I most likely do? I'd
dialog: close my eyes again - I'd click
dialog: my heels, I'd' march, I'd heel!
dialog: Germany will lose this war but
dialog: Germany will survive.
dialog: (puts bottle on
dialog: the table)
dialog: -- My last bottle of wine. Captain,
dialog: will you join me in drinking to the
dialog: success of Steiner's mission --
dialog: whatever it is?
text: He starts to pour.
scene_heading: 208. EXT. AIR STRIP - LONG SHOT
text: There are several small planes on the field. Several MEN
text: are lounging about. One small plane stands on the edge
text: of a runway. Its MOTORS are WARMING UP. The CAMERA
text: SWINGS AWAY from the strip towards the road leading to the
text: air strip. A tiny FIGURE is DISCERNIBLE in the distance.
scene_heading: 209. MED. SHOT - STRANSKY
text: A bag in each hand, is walking toward the strip. The
text: SOUND OF RUNNING FOOTSTEPS behind him causes him to turn.
text: A figure is running towards him. His jaw drops as he
text: sees it is Steiner. Steiner is now close to him. We has
text: a Luger in his hand. The bags fall from Stransky's hands
text: as he sees the Luger.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Steiner--!
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Clasp your hands behind the back
dialog: of your head.
text: As Stransky hesitates, Steiner makes a menacing move with
text: the Luger. Stransky puts his hands behind his head.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Are you aware of what you are
dialog: doing? You're dealing with an
dialog: officer --
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: I think that for the time being,
dialog: we can forget about the differences
dialog: in our rank -- and class.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: Steiner -- you'll hang for this --
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: I doubt it.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: I don't know what you're planning,
dialog: but you'll never get away with it.
text: This is a heavily traveled road.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: In that case, I'll be quick. For
dialog: a long time, Captain Stransky, I
dialog: haven't had anything to live for --
dialog: for a long time -- but
dialog: the Russians couldn't do it,
dialog: disease couldn't kill me? poor
dialog: Lieutenant Triebig couldn't do
dialog: it. Not even you could manage
dialog: it
dialog: (moves closer to
dialog: Stransky)
dialog: And not wanting to live, yet not
dialog: willing to die, do you know what
dialog: that kind of a conflict does to
dialog: a man?
dialog: (laughs in
dialog: Stransky's face)
dialog: Now, in a crazy sort of way I am
dialog: grateful to you, Captain Stransky.
dialog: Thanks to you, I am willing to die.
dialog: I could shoot you and then the Army
dialog: would hang me. But, no, that isn't
dialog: good enough.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (his dignity going,
dialog: his voice rising)
dialog: Are you out of your mind? Steiner,
dialog: if you'll just think for a moment --
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: I did think, Captain Stransky.
dialog: I thought and thought -- and did
dialog: nothing!
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (whimpering now)
dialog: Steiner -- Steiner -- you're mad --
dialog: you're absolutely mad!
text: Steiner steps close to Stransky. With his free hand, he
text: pulls a grenade from his belt.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Stand close to me, Captain.
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
dialog: (backing away)
dialog: No -- No -- You can't --
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: (pulls Stransky
dialog: to him)
dialog: This will do for the both of us
dialog: -- the final fraternization --
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
text: (a whimper so low
dialog: it can scarcely
dialog: be heard)
dialog: Steiner -- please -- Steiner --
text: Steiner pulls the pin from the grenade, holds
dialog: himself and Stransky.
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: What's the count before it goes
dialog: it between
dialog: off?
speaker_heading: STRANSKY
text: (his lips move, but
dialog: no sound comes out)
dialog: -- Steiner --
speaker_heading: STEINER
dialog: Count with me, Captain -- One --
dialog: Two --
text: The CAMERA STARTS to MOVE UP and AWAY from Steiner and
dialog: Stransky.
speaker_heading: STEINER'S VOICE
scene_heading: -- Three -- Four -- Five -- Six --
text: The CAMERA is at TREE TOP LEVEL now -- Suddenly there is
text: a SHATTERING REPORT. The branches of the tree tremble.
text: The CAMERA STAYS on the tree for a moment. The leaves
text: stop trembling. There is a vast silence now. The CAMERA
text: starts to PULL AWAY AGAIN. As it DOES:
speaker_heading: FADE OUT:
speaker_heading: THE END
dialog: 
